Home | National Library of Australia (NLA) Skip to main content Top Menu - Left Catalogue Trove Shop Top Menu - Right First Australians Give Discover Discover Dip into topics and formats to sample some of the stories in the collections. Browse discover Back Discover Explore the collection Back Explore the collection By topic By format Exhibitions NLA Publishing Search the collection Back Search the collection Catalogue Trove eResources About the collection Back About the collection What we collect How we collect Preservation Grow our digital library History of the collection Acquisition highlights Research Research Tools and resources to guide your research. Browse research Back Research Guides and resources Back Guides and resources Join the Library Start researching Access the collection Research guides Guides to selected collections Family history Back Family history Get started with your family history Family history research guide First Australians family history Births, deaths and marriages Research programs Back Research programs Fellowships and scholarships Research outcomes and presentations Learn Learn Resources for students, teachers and lifelong learners. Browse learn Back Learn Schools and teachers Back Schools and teachers Digital Classroom School programs Kids and families Back Kids and families School holiday activities Storytime Adults Back Adults Lifelong learning Services Services Find information about how to access the collection, our collaborative activities, enquiry services and ways to get involved. Browse services Back Services Access the collection Back Access the collection Onsite Online Copyright Copies and loans Trove Publishers and self-publishers Back Publishers and self-publishers National edeposit Legal deposit Prepublication Data Service International Standard Numbers Libraries Back Libraries Copies and interlibrary loans Grants Back Grants Community Heritage Grants Contact us Back Contact us Ask a Librarian Venue hire Get involved Back Get involved Volunteer Give Become a Friend What's on What's on Explore our events, exhibitions, workshops, and talks. Browse what's on Back What's on Exhibitions Back Exhibitions On now Online Upcoming Past Events Back Events Upcoming events Books and authors Flagship lectures Friends of the Library Kids and families Talks and ideas Workshops and seminars Past events Visit Visit Everything you need to know to plan and make the most of your visit to our building. Browse visit Back Visit Plan Back Plan Opening hours Getting here Visitor guide Library tours Visitor code of conduct Accessibility Places and spaces Back Places and spaces Bookshop Cafes Reading rooms Family-friendly spaces Building works Where are the books? Venue hire About us Back About us Who we are About the building Work with us News and media Corporate information About this website Search What can we help you find? Website Catalogue Search Sort by Most relevant Title (A-Z) Title (Z-A) Search Not sure where to start or need help? Ask a Librarian Top Menu - Left Catalogue Trove Shop Discover Discover Dip into topics and formats to sample some of the stories in the collections. Browse discover Back Discover Explore the collection Back Explore the collection By topic By format Exhibitions NLA Publishing Search the collection Back Search the collection Catalogue Trove eResources About the collection Back About the collection What we collect How we collect Preservation Grow our digital library History of the collection Acquisition highlights Research Research Tools and resources to guide your research. Browse research Back Research Guides and resources Back Guides and resources Join the Library Start researching Access the collection Research guides Guides to selected collections Family history Back Family history Get started with your family history Family history research guide First Australians family history Births, deaths and marriages Research programs Back Research programs Fellowships and scholarships Research outcomes and presentations Learn Learn Resources for students, teachers and lifelong learners. Browse learn Back Learn Schools and teachers Back Schools and teachers Digital Classroom School programs Kids and families Back Kids and families School holiday activities Storytime Adults Back Adults Lifelong learning Services Services Find information about how to access the collection, our collaborative activities, enquiry services and ways to get involved. Browse services Back Services Access the collection Back Access the collection Onsite Online Copyright Copies and loans Trove Publishers and self-publishers Back Publishers and self-publishers National edeposit Legal deposit Prepublication Data Service International Standard Numbers Libraries Back Libraries Copies and interlibrary loans Grants Back Grants Community Heritage Grants Contact us Back Contact us Ask a Librarian Venue hire Get involved Back Get involved Volunteer Give Become a Friend What's on What's on Explore our events, exhibitions, workshops, and talks. Browse what's on Back What's on Exhibitions Back Exhibitions On now Online Upcoming Past Events Back Events Upcoming events Books and authors Flagship lectures Friends of the Library Kids and families Talks and ideas Workshops and seminars Past events Visit Visit Everything you need to know to plan and make the most of your visit to our building. Browse visit Back Visit Plan Back Plan Opening hours Getting here Visitor guide Library tours Visitor code of conduct Accessibility Places and spaces Back Places and spaces Bookshop Cafes Reading rooms Family-friendly spaces Building works Where are the books? Venue hire About us Back About us Who we are About the building Work with us News and media Corporate information About this website Top Menu - Right First Australians Give The National Library of Australia acknowledges First Australians as the Traditional Owners and Custodians of this land and pays respect to Elders – past and present – and through them to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. This website may contain images, voices and names of deceased persons and references to collections which may be considered culturally sensitive. Continue What can we help you find? Website Catalogue Search Sort by Most relevant Title (A-Z) Title (Z-A) Search Not sure where to start or need help? Ask a Librarian Discover our collections Conor Ashleigh, Bridal couple Achol and Marial and their bridal party, Sydney, December, 2013 , nla.gov.au/nla.obj-506867692 Family history and genealogy Ken Leanfore, Park Road looking towards Freedom Plaza, Fairfield City Council's Cabramatta Moon Festival, 28 August , 2022, nla.gov.au/nla.obj-3128830751 Asia William T. Cooper, Corymbia confertiflora (Kippist) K.D.Hill & L.A.S.Johnson, family Myrtaceae, Chillagoe, Queensland, February 2003 , nla.gov.au/nla.obj-1728333879 Visual arts Michael Jensen, Vincent Lingiari at Wattie Creek [(Daguragu), Northern Territory] when they had water on tap, 1977 , nla.gov.au/nla.obj-137086604 First Australians Literature and writing John McKinnon, Women on the march wave their placards at the International Women's Day march, Melbourne, March 8, 1975 , nla.gov.au/nla.obj-137045864 Feminism and women leaders Kristian Fredrikson, Costume and set sketches, Swan Lake (New Zealand) Act 1 , nla.gov.au/nla.obj-3160686825 Performing arts Tom Roberts, Bourke Street, Melbourne , 1885, nla.gov.au/nla.obj-134285521 Local history Harold Cazneaux holding a camera, Sydney, ca. 1905 , nla.gov.au/nla.obj-144119446 Photography Discover more What's on 1975: Living in the Seventies 14 Aug 2025 - 09 Mar 2026 Look back on life in the 70s including politics, feminism, pop culture, news of the day, and more. Exhibition Exhibition Gallery Online Assistance animals welcome Wheelchair accessible Events Exhibitions School holiday activity: Our Treasures, your treasures - 28 January, 10:30am 28 Jan 2026 This holidays, step into the magic of our refreshed Treasures Gallery and create your own keepsake box to store your personal treasures. Event Education/learning For kids and families School holiday event Assistance animals welcome Hearing induction loop School holiday activity: Our Treasures, your treasures - 28 January, 2:00pm 28 Jan 2026 This holidays, step into the magic of our refreshed Treasures Gallery and create your own keepsake box to store your personal treasures. Event Education/learning For kids and families School holiday event Assistance animals welcome Hearing induction loop Learn with the curators of the Treasures Gallery 04 Feb 2026 Join our live webinar to go behind the scenes of our refreshed Treasures Gallery. Learning activity for adults Education/learning Workshops and seminars View all events Treasures Gallery Daily The Treasures Gallery is where you can find highlights from our physical and digital collection Exhibition Treasures Gallery Assistance animals welcome Wheelchair accessible Mabo v Queensland (No. 2): 30th Anniversary Daily To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Mabo decision, the Library invited Gail Mabo, Eddie’s daughter, to select material for display to mark this landmark moment in Australian legal history. Exhibition First Australians Treasures Gallery Assistance animals welcome Wheelchair accessible 1975: Living in the Seventies 14 Aug 2025 - 09 Mar 2026 Look back on life in the 70s including politics, feminism, pop culture, news of the day, and more. Exhibition Exhibition Gallery Online Assistance animals welcome Wheelchair accessible View all exhibitions Latest news Summer opening hours 2025 06 Nov 2025 Check our opening hours between 22 December 2025 and 1 January 2025 when planning your visit this holiday season. News National Library of Australia Treasures Gallery. Welcome to Treasures 2025 12 Dec 2025 Explore our new Treasures Gallery exhibition opening Saturday 13 December. Blog Cover of Air travel and holiday, vol. 1, No. 3 ( cropped) , March 1948, nla.gov.au/nla.obj-3997211269 Destination Trove: Travel magazines now online 12 Dec 2025 Pack your bags for a trip through new travel serials, now on Trove. News Hume-Cook, James, Liberal, Division of Bourke, VIC (detail), 1910, nla.gov.au/nla.obj-3548960192 Australian democracy finds a home on Trove 04 Dec 2025 Explore election ephemera from 1901 to 1970s, now online. News Annual reports from the Adelaide Repertory Theatre collections. Community Heritage Grant: Adelaide Repertory Theatre 03 Dec 2025 Learn about the Adelaide Repertory Theatre, recipient of a 2025 Community Heritage Grant. Blog View all news Get started Join the Library Opening hours Accessibility Cafes Reading rooms Start researching Visit us Find our opening times, get directions, join a tour, or dine and shop with us. Plan your visit Did you find this page helpful? 6909 -12 Contact us +61 (0)2 6262 1111 Parkes Place Canberra ACT 2600 Australia More contact information Connect Subscribe to our newsletters About us We collect, protect and provide access to millions of physical items and billions of digital records about Australia and Australians and will continue to do so into the future. We work with libraries throughout Australia to give you access to library collections and services, and to Trove. Visit us in Canberra or online and use our services, see an exhibition, or attend an event. Find out more about us Footer Sitemap Menu - First Row About us Digital Classroom Work with us News and media NLA Publishing Join the Library Login Footer Sitemap Menu - Second Row Copyright Privacy Disclaimer Feedback Sitemap Terms and conditions Accessibility