NLB 1/{{total}} Government officials will never ask you to transfer money or disclose bank log-in details over a phone call. Call the 24/7 ScamShield Helpline at 1799 if you are unsure if something is a scam. 2/{{total}} Our libraries and archives will be closed on New Year’s Eve, 31 Dec from 5pm, and on New Year’s Day, 1 Jan. (current) What would you like to find? Search Search: {{searchLocationDisplayName}} Catalogue OneSearch Within This Site Catalogue OneSearch Search Within This Site Discover and Learn Discover and Learn Discover Our Collections Explore Singapore Collections Learn Overview There are so many exciting resources to learn and discover our patrons and the community. Find Good Reads Find books, journals, magazines, CDs or DVDs. OneSearch Search through the databases of various libraries and archives, including our partners'. Subscribed Databases Discover more from various databases including EIU, JSTOR and others. Resource Guides Discover topics on Singapore, Arts, Business and more. Time of Your Life Resources Dedicated resources on various topics for those aged 50 and above. New Arrivals Newly-added to our collections. New eArrivals Recent eBook titles added to our collections. Archives Online Search and access archived photographs, maps, plans, official & private records, oral history & audio-visual recordings. National Library Online Check out National Library's digitised collections of heritage books, manuscripts, music, photographs, newspapers & more. NLB Mobile App The NLB Mobile app is your personal library, anywhere, anytime. Find Out More Archives Online Search and access archived photographs, maps, plans, official & private records, oral history & more. National Library Online Check out National Library's digitised collections of heritage books, manuscripts, music, photographs, newspapers & more. BiblioAsia Quarterly publication featuring articles on history, culture and heritage of Singapore within the larger Asian context. Blogs Read the latest stories and fun facts from our shelves. Curiocity Learn about Singapore's buildings, places and spaces, and the stories behind them. Spatial Discovery Explore over 7,500 geo-referenced maps from our collections. Singapore Books for Children and Teens The best of Singapore books suitable for children and teens. Uncover narratives about Singapore both imagined and real! eLearning Resources Discover learning materials from NLB. Eye on Asia Navigate the shift of growth opportunities to Asia with curated resources and programmes. Learning Communities Find and join a Learning Community. LearnX Begin your learning journey by making use of our curated content, learning pathways and communities. S.U.R.E Learn info-literacy skills to assess reliability of information using Source Understand Research and Evaluate framework. National Reading Movement The National Reading Movement aims to nurture a vibrant reading culture in Singapore amongst adults and seniors. discoverReads Resources for children, teens, families and educators in reading and learning. Blog A round-up of book lists and book reviews, programmes at the libraries and a bookish lifestyle. LearnX: Learning Pathways A platform where you can choose what, when and how you learn. Customise your learning journey with resources across a wide range of topics. Find Out More Visit Us Visit Us Our Libraries & Locations Using The Library National Archives of Singapore National Library Singapore Public Libraries Singapore Overview Spend the day in our libraries and affiliated branches while unwinding and immersing yourself in our vast wealth of resources. National Archives of Singapore Custodians of Singapore’s collective memory, ranging from Government files, photographs, audio-visual recordings and more. National Library Singapore Singapore's national library with the largest public reference collection covering social sciences, local works and more. Public Libraries Singapore Pursue lifelong learning and discovery through our network of public libraries located conveniently across Singapore. Lee Kong Chian Reference Library Premier resource provider for works about Singapore and the region for local and overseas researchers and academics. All Libraries and Locations An overview of all our libraries and institutions island-wide. NLB Mobile App The NLB Mobile app is your personal library, anywhere, anytime. Find Out More Facilities From corporate events to music performances, we provide venues equipped for all kinds of functions. Book a Room or Venue Make a reservation for Project Rooms, Music Facilities, Screening Rooms and Event Venues. Plan your Visit Learn how to use our libraries for a great learning experience. Loans and Reservations Check your loans and reservations, and access other account services. Multimedia Station Free access to NLB eResources such as eDatabases, eBooks and eMagazines. Find Out More Overview Overview about National Archives of Singapore. Former Ford Factory Restored by the National Archives of Singapore, it currently houses a permanent World War II exhibition on the war and its legacies. Archives Online Search and access archived photographs, maps, plans, official & private records, oral history & more. Overview Overview about National Library Singapore. About National Library Singapore Singapore's national library with the largest public reference collection covering social sciences, local works and more. Lee Kong Chian Reference Library Premier resource provider for works about Singapore and the region for local and overseas researchers and academics. Collections Directory Discover our rich collections with a wide range of resources in various subjects and formats. Reference and Research Services Check out our suite of services to assist your research. Facilities Read about the facilities at the National Library, Singapore. All Public Libraries Check out our network of public libraries across Singapore. Loans and Reservations All the details you need to know about borrowing and reservations. Mobile Library - MOLLY Mobile library bus operated by NLB to reach out to young children and promote reading and lifelong learning. Grab-n-Go Libraries Check out NLB’s Grab-n-Go libraries in public spaces. Nodes Discover new experiences outside of libraries. What's On Services Partner Us Partner Us Work with Us Volunteer with Us Donate to our Collections Give to Us Contribute and Create with Us Overview Together, we will make an impact on the lives of our patrons and the community Learning Marketplace Work with us to transform NLB into a national platform of lifelong learning. Informed Citizenry Partner us to nurture thoughtful people who reflect deeply on information they access everyday. Singapore Storytellers Join us in inspiring discovery, creating Singapore stories and instilling appreciation of our collective experience. Equaliser Help us bridge gaps, include more and empower all in this digital age. For Individuals Join us to make our libraries and archives happy places. For Corporates Strike a balance between business objectives and making a positive impact on your community. kidsREAD Volunteer Join us to make an impact in the lives of less privileged children through reading. Overview We welcome donations that contribute to the preservation of Singapore’s documentary heritage. Find out more here. Highlights Read about some of our donors and their donations. Acknowledgement of our Donors We are grateful to all who have donated and enriched our collections. Frequently Asked Questions Do you have a question regarding donations, or how donated materials are made accessible? Check out our FAQs here. Overview Everyone deserves to experience the joys of reading, learning and discovering. Help us make library and archives services more inclusive. Some of Our Causes Calling for your support. Highlights Donations that made a difference. Social Contributions Help us describe photos, transcribe documents, annotate eBook or submit your personal memory about Singapore. NLBlabs Explore our datasets or leverage our suite of APIs to create or integrate with your app. About Us About Us About NLB Institutions and Subsidiaries NLB Leadership Team Press Room and Publications Careers International Engagements Overview An overview about Singapore’s National Library Board (NLB). Collection Development Policy Learn about NLB's principles and guidelines in building a useful and evolving collection. Our Role Understand NLB's role and statutory functions. What We Do Find out about NLB's initiatives to serve everyone's reading and learning needs. LAB (Libraries & Archives Blueprint) Discover LAB, a blueprint to transform libraries and archives of the future. The NLB Brand Find out more about our refreshed logo and new brand promise "Inspiring Discovery". Annual Reports National Library Board Annual Report 2024 - Discovering Singapore Stories Together Find Out More Overview Overview about Institutions and Subsidaries. National Archives of Singapore Custodian of Singapore's collective memory, ranging from government files, private memoirs, historical maps and more. National Library Singapore Singapore's national library with the largest public reference collection covering social sciences, local works and more. Board Members Our Board charts NLB’s strategic direction. Management Team Our Management Team guides NLB to achieve our vision and mission. Organisation Structure View our Organisation Chart. Overview Find our latest media releases, speeches, annual reports and corporate publications here. Media Releases Check out our latest updates. Speeches Read the key speeches given by our leaders and other stakeholders. Annual Reports View our current and past annual reports. Facts and Figures Get an at-a-glance summary of our work and the impact we have made. Research and Studies Access our in-depth resources on areas of interest. Our Bookshelf Browse NLB’s publications across a wide variety of topics. Data Blog Learn about all things data in the National Library Board. Postcard Impressions of Early 20th Century Singapore This evocative collection of more than 150 picture postcards offers insight into Japanese society in Singapore in the late 19th and early 20th centuries from the Lim Shao Bin Collection in the National Library, Singapore. Find Out More Overview Overview about careers at National Library Board Singapore. Careers Explore a career with the libraries and archives. Scholarship Find out more about our scholarship, requirements and application period. Research Fellowships Apply for our Research Fellowships or Creative Residency. Youtube Playlist: A Librarian's World Ever wondered what librarians do? Find out what makes our librarians tick as they share highlights of their work from the collections at the Library. Find Out More Overview An overview of National Library Board's international engagements. MOU Partners Find out who our partners are. Leaders' Conversations Learn more about the latest developments of libraries and archives from top leaders around the world. IFLA Regional Office for Asia and Oceania Find out how we support IFLA, the international organisation for libraries. Login Sign Up Forgot Account Search our {{resource}} Select Collections Audiovisuals Books eJournals Images Magazines & Articles Newspapers Physical Objects Records & Papers Websites Go Access Collections: Archives Online National Library Online SPH Media Newspapers NLB Highlights Explore Sit-n-Read Nodes around Singapore! Discover pre-loved books at a Sit-n-Read Node near you! Browse and borrow books at Hougang Mall. Check out our new Browse-n-Borrow kiosk at Hougang Mall today! Virtual Union Catalogue Discover a treasure trove of resources from Singapore’s libraries via one access point! RefToGo Redemption! Borrow 2 books from the General Reference collection and get an A4 folder! One-Time Fines Waiver & Free Borrow-n-Deliver. Rediscover reading and learning this NLB30! / 5 What would you like to do today? Plan Your Visit {{selectedLibrary}} National Library / Lee Kong Chian Reference Library National Archives of Singapore Ang Mo Kio Library Bedok Library Bishan Library Bukit Batok Library Bukit Panjang Library Central Arts Library Central Library Cheng San Library Choa Chu Kang Library Clementi Library Geylang East Library Jurong Library Jurong West Library Chinatown Library Harbourfront Library Orchard Library Marine Parade Library Pasir Ris Library Punggol Library Queenstown Library Sembawang Library Sengkang Library Serangoon Library Singapore Botanic Gardens’ Library Tampines Library Toa Payoh Library Woodlands Library Yishun Library Go to the library NLB Membership NLB's Digital Resources Loans and Reservations Book a Room or Venue Explore a Career with Us Partner Us What’s Happening in {{selectedMonth}} December January February March April May All Children & Teens Adults Seniors Online {{selectedInterestMonth1}} All Preschoolers Children & Teens Adults Seniors Online {{block.stringEventStartDate}} {{block.stringEventStartDate}} - {{block.stringEventEndDate}} {{block.nlbEventType.name}} {{block.title}} {{block.summary}} Nothing for now, please try other selections. Loading... Previous Next Explore More What’s on our Spotlight LAB25 (Libraries and Archives Blueprint 2025) Discover NLB’s LAB25, our blueprint inviting our partners and communities to collaborate with us in reimagining our libraries and archives of the future, to meet everyone’s reading and learning needs. Find out More From Book to Cook From Book to Cook is a brand new cooking show on Singapore’s old recipes. What can a librarian do with traditional kitchen tools and recipes from the past? Find out More The Little Book Box Reading is a special gift we can provide for our children. With The Little Book Box, you can now get specially curated children’s books delivered to your home or to a preferred locker each month! 4 Previous Next Back To Top (current) Read with us Books eBooks Magazines Newspapers Reading Initiatives Learn with us eLearning Resources Learning Communities LearnX Research with us Archives Online National Library Online Subscribed eDatabases Subscribed eJournals Research Fellowships Careers Career Opportunities Working at NLB Scholarship Contact Us Feedback FAQ Accessibility Information Join Our Mailing List Subscribe Now Follow Us Contact Us Feedback FAQ Accessibility Information Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms of Use Other Policies © 2025 NLB. Last Updated: 08 April 2025