National Low Income Housing Coalition Skip to main content Utility Menu About Us Events Blog News Become a Member Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search Explore Issues Policy Priorities Policy Priorities National Housing Trust Fund Federal Budget & Spending Preventing Benefit Cuts Racial Equity & Fair Housing Disaster Housing Recovery Housing & Criminal Justice Native American Housing Rural Housing Housing-Related Tax Credits Projects & Campaigns Projects & Campaigns Other Projects & Campaigns Opportunity Starts at Home Disaster Housing Recovery Civic Engagement: Our Homes, Our Votes HoUSed Tenant Engagement and Resources IDEAS - Racial Equity State and Local Innovation Housing Programs Housing Programs Public Housing Housing Choice Vouchers Project-Based Housing HOME Investment Partnerships Program Housing-Related Tax Credits Housing First National Housing Trust Fund Publications & Research Publications & Research Research Out of Reach The Gap Memo to Members and Partners The Connection Advocates’ Guide Tenant Talk Coronavirus, Housing, & Homelessness Working Group/Calls Why We Care Why We Care The Problem The Solution Housing Needs By State Take Action Donate Menu Explore Issues Policy Priorities Policy Priorities National Housing Trust Fund Federal Budget & Spending Preventing Benefit Cuts Fair Housing Housing & Criminal Justice Native American Housing Rural Housing Housing-Related Tax Credits Projects & Campaigns National Housing Trust Fund Housing Trust Fund Project State & Tribal Partners Campaign for Housing and Community Development Funding Opportunity Starts at Home Civic Engagement: Our Homes, Our Votes HoUSed IDEAS State and Local Innovation Housing Programs Housing Programs Public Housing Housing Choice Vouchers Project-Based Housing HOME Investment Partnerships Program Housing-Related Tax Credits Housing First National Housing Trust Fund Publications & Research Mobile Publications & Research Research Out of Reach The Gap Memo to Members and Partners Tenant Talk Why We Care Why We Care The Problem The Solution HoUSed Housing Needs By State Take Action Become a Member About Us Mobile About Us Contact Staff Board of Directors Major Donors Special Members Job Opportunities History Mobile Utility Navigation Webinars & Events Blog News Search Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn Housing Policy Forum 2026 Registration is Now Open! Register Today Memo to Members and Partners | Volume 30, Issue 45 Memo: Forum 2026: Scholarship Application Now Open; 2026 Organizing Awards; FY26 HUD Spending Bill Could be Coming in Jan–Take Action; and More Read now Now Available: The Gap: Assessing the Affordability and Availability of Rental Housing in Puerto Rico Learn more Now Available: Resources for Disaster Response, Recovery, and Resilience Read now Now Available: Our Homes, Our Votes Turning Renters into Voters: Lessons in Engaging Low-Income Communities Learn more Now Available: Tenant Talk – Navigating Funding Cuts: Empowering Tenants to Shape Policy Learn more NLIHC Releases Report on State Projects Funded by the National Housing Trust Fund in 2020! Learn more Out of Reach: The High Cost of Housing Learn more Now Available: State & Local Housing Trust Fund Report Learn more NLIHC’s Advocates’ Guide 2025 Now Available Online Learn More Renee M. Willis Named President and CEO of the National Low Income Housing Coalition Read more The Gap: A Shortage of Affordable Homes Learn more NLIHC Releases New Report on Housing and Homelessness Ballot Measures in the 2024 Elections Learn more New Tenant Protections Publications Series! Learn more The National Tenants Bill of Rights Learn more Get the Latest with The Connection Learn more Previous Pause Next Housing Needs by State Get an overview of affordable housing needs at the state level. Learn More Select a State to Explore Data… Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Top Policy Priorities The National Low Income Housing Coalition supports all policy initiatives that advance our mission and goals. We focus our resources proactively on our core policy objectives, while monitoring the policy environment and responding to emerging issues as needed. Protect and Expand the National Housing Trust Fund The national Housing Trust Fund (HTF) is a federal housing resource exclusively targeted to help build, preserve, rehabilitate, and operate housing affordable to people with the lowest incomes. Learn More Preserve and Increase Resources for Federal Affordable Housing Programs We monitor the federal budget process and advocate for the highest possible appropriations for HUD and USDA housing programs. Learn More Ensure Federal Disaster Recovery Efforts are Fair and Equitable One of the top priorities after a disaster is making sure that all displaced families have a safe, accessible, and affordable place to live while they get back on their feet. Learn More Promote Equitable Access to Affordable Housing NLIHC believes in just communities, where all community members have access to economic and educational opportunities, as well as affordable housing. Learn More Champion Anti-Poverty Solutions Beyond ensuring access to affordable housing, NLIHC is strongly committed to enacting legislation and protecting resources that alleviate poverty. Learn More Explore All Issues NLIHC supports all policy initiatives that advance our mission and goals. We invite you to explore the various policy issues we work on. Learn More Top News view NLIHC President and CEO Renee M. Willis Statement on the Importance of Maintaining the Integrity of the Continuum of Care (CoC) Program Washington, D.C. - "Today’s court order, issued by Judge Mary S. McElroy of the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island, is a significant step in maintaining stability for… December 23, 2025 view Court Temporarily Blocks Administration's Attempt to Implement Unlawful Housing Policy Washington, D.C. - On December 19, 2025, a federal judge granted motions for preliminary injunction, which will temporarily block the Trump-Vance administration’s attempts to implement unlawful and… Press Release December 19, 2025 view Trump-Vance Administration Walks Back Dangerous Housing Policy as it Promises More to Come Washington, D.C. - On Monday, December 8, 2025, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development was forced to pull back a dangerous new policy hours before a hearing, causing another in a string… Press Release December 10, 2025 view NLIHC Challenges Unlawful Administration Restrictions That Threaten Proven Solutions to Homelessness Washington, D.C. – The National Low Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC), alongside a broad coalition of local governments and nonprofit organizations, is taking legal action to stop the Trump-Vance… Press Release December 1, 2025 view NLIHC Releases The Gap: Assessing the Affordability and Availability of Rental Housing in Puerto Rico Washington, D.C. – The National Low Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC) has released The Gap: Assessing the Affordability and Availability of Rental Housing in Puerto Rico, its first ever analysis of… Press Release November 20, 2025 view Statement from NLIHC President & CEO Renee M. Willis on the Proposed Public Charge Rule Washington, D.C. - "President Trump’s proposal to reintroduce the 'public charge' rule demonstrates this administration’s intent to advance policies that negatively impact the immigrant… Statements November 18, 2025 Load More The National Low Income Housing Coalition is dedicated to achieving racially and socially equitable public policy that ensures people with the lowest incomes have quality homes that are accessible and affordable in communities of their choice. Get News Updates The latest advocacy updates, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Contact Us Get in Touch Follow Us Help us do more! Support socially just housing policy. Donate Footer Privacy Statement Terms of Use