Skip To Content
Online Services Departments & Agencies Latest News Wildfire Updates Elected Officials   
a
MENU CONTACT
Welcome to the State of New Mexico

Whether you are a citizen, visitor or have a business in our state, you can find the information you need in the state’s official online portal – NewMexico.Gov. We invite you to explore everything our state has to offer.

HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?

Popular Serach Terms: MVD Online Services, Birth Certificates, Medical Cannabis

FInd a State Agency
FInd a State Service
POPULAR PAGES

Working in New Mexico
Education in New Mexico
Health in New Mexico
Public Safety in New Mexico
Visiting New Mexico

POPULAR SERVICES

MVD Online Services
Road Conditions – NMRoads
Taxpayer Access Point
Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Program
Cannabis Control Division
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)

COMMON QUESTIONS

How do I apply for health coverage?
How do I file for unemployment?
How do I get a birth certificate?
How do I obtain a fishing license?
How do I renew my drivers license?
When do I file my taxes?

Welcome Message from Governor Michelle Lujan Grisham
Visit the Governor's Corner
Explore New Mexico State Services

Below you will find helpful information categorized by topic. Select the topic you are interested in and explore the resources contained within. If you can't find what you are looking for, we encourage you to use our search tool, online services, or department & agencies page.

Business in New Mexico

Business Planning, Initiation, and Licensing Information for Business Owners in the State of New Mexico.

Learn More
Working in New Mexico

Looking for a Job, Start a New Career, Information for Workers, Unemployment Information

Learn More
Education in New Mexico

Early Childhood Education, Public Education, Higher Education, Educators

Learn More
Recreation in New Mexico

Camping, Fishing, Hunting, Outdoor Recreation

Learn More
Living in New Mexico

Vital Records, MVD Online Services, Individual Tax Information, Events and Entertainment

Learn More
Health in New Mexico

Apply for Benefits, Health Coverage, Food Assitance, Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)

Learn More
Public Safety in New Mexico

Public Safety Services, Emergency Management, State Police, Attorney General's Office

Learn More
Visiting New Mexico

Places to Visit, Things to Do, Events, Plan Your Trip to New Mexico

Learn More
Featured News:
New Mexico earns national and global recognition as a top travel destination for 2026
12/31/2025 - New Mexico Tourism Department
SANTA FE, NM – Destinations across New Mexico have been recognized by leading national travel and…
Read more...
New Mexico commits $11.9M to expand border planning and infrastructure
12/31/2025 - Economic Development Department
The New Mexico Economic Development Department (EDD) and the New Mexico Border Authority (NMBA) are expanding the state’s investment in border planning and infrastructure development
Read more...
Sign Up For News Alerts
Additional Branches of Government
New Mexico Legislative Branch

The New Mexico Legislature is the legislative branch of the state government of New Mexico. It is a bicameral body made up of the New Mexico House of Representatives and the New Mexico Senate.

Find My Legislator
Legislation
Committees
Publications
Visit the Legislative Branch Website
New Mexico Judiciary Branch

The Mission of the New Mexico Judiciary is to protect the rights and liberties of the people of New Mexico guaranteed by the Constitution and laws of the State of New Mexico and the United States; to resolve legal disputes fairly; and to ensure access to justice for all.

Find a Court
Find a Case
Pay a Fine or Fee
Job with the Courts
Visit the Judicial Branch Website
Elected Officials
	
Michelle Lujan Grisham

Governor

	
Howie Morales

Lieutenant Governor

	
Maggie Toulouse Oliver

Secretary of State

	
Joseph Maestas

State Auditor

	
Raúl Torrez

Attorney General

	
Stephanie Garcia Richard

Commissioner of Public Lands

	
Laura Montoya

State Treasurer

Explore State Programs at NM.Gov/App

Create an account at app.nm.gov to stay up-to-date on the state’s programs and services like Unemployment Insurance; Concealed Carry Applications; the Women, Infants, and Children Program; and more.

Click Here to Create Profile

@Copyright 2025 NewMexico.gov | Contact | Online Services | Departments & Agencies