Home | National Museum of Australia Skip to content 9am–5pm Free general admission Shop Contrast Home - The National Museum of Australia Menu close menu What’s on What’s on Close menu Exhibitions Calendar Family visits Tim and Gina Fairfax Discovery Centre Tours and experiences HALLYU! Exhibition now showing Visit Visit Close menu Getting here Accessibility Visitor information Shop Cafe Museum map HALLYU! Exhibition now showing Explore Explore Close menu Defining Moments Collection Curatorial and research Blog Online features Stories Explorer Audio on demand HALLYU! Exhibition now showing Learn Learn Close menu Australia's Defining Moments Digital Classroom Digital excursions National History Challenge Onsite school programs Outreach programs Teacher professional learning Tim and Gina Fairfax Discovery Centre Daily, costs apply About About Close menu Contact us Corporate information Employment Media Publications Venue hire Join & support Join & support Close menu Make a donation Friends Meet our donors Partnerships HALLYU! Exhibition now showing Donate today Menu NMA Website Slideshow HALLYU! Exhibition now showing The National Museum of Australia brings to life the rich and diverse stories of Australia through compelling objects, ideas and events BOOK HALLYU EVENTS More Hallyu! Hallyu! The Korean Wave Buy exhibition tickets The Korean Feast Join us for an exclusive evening of food and culture School holidays Get creative in one of our K-pop dance classes or KPop Demon Hunters inspired activities Book an experience View more The Great Kimberley Wilderness VR Be transported to one of the world’s most breathtaking landscapes in this VR experience narrated by Luke Hemsworth. Costs apply, bookings essential Tim and Gina Fairfax Discovery Centre Explore our fun, immersive play and learn space for children of all abilities from birth to 6 years. Costs apply, bookings essential Explore Australian history and culture View more New children's book Trim the Cat Barty’s Wimbledon outfit a homage to Goolagong Cawley Daily, free Landmarks  – Defining moments of a nation Shop Hallyu! Museum news What's on Songlines: Tracking the Seven Sisters goes to India Learn more about the Museum's Songlines exhibition, on show at the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art, New Delhi. Explore the phenomenon of Hallyu! The Korean Wave Hallyu! is now showing exclusively at the National Museum of Australia in Canberra. Safety notices Product safety recall – LED tea lights provided in lantern-making workshops Tea lights provided during Museum lantern-making children’s activities in April 2024 have a child safety issue and are the subject of a recall. Museum statement on asbestos Access by road and paved pedestrian path is unchanged while the NCA undertakes remediation as a precautionary public safety measure. Shop, eat, plan an event View more Shop Cafe Venue hire Stories Explorer Museum blog Knowing Plants – the story behind the scenes Collection highlights Charles Ulm collection Collection highlights Mount Everest climbing suit Collection highlights September 11 Australian flag Defining Moments Bourke Church Act Defining Moments First free press Defining Moments Murray River irrigation begins Defining Moments Whitlam election Defining Moments White Australia policy --> Audio on demand New Encounters conference audio Join and support Make a donation Your valued donation helps to develop and protect our collection. Friends Join for free Discovery Centre entry and discounts for major exhibitions, in our Cafe and Shop. Return to Top Show The National Museum of Australia acknowledges First Australians and recognises their continuous connection to Country, community and culture. Connect with us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to our newsletter Home - The National Museum of Australia Lawson Crescent Acton Peninsula, Canberra Daily 9am–5pm, closed Christmas Day Freecall: 1800 026 132 Email: information@nma.gov.au Museum Shop 9am–5pm Museum Cafe 9am–4.30pm What’s on Visit Explore Learn About Join & support A Quality Tourism Accredited Business Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people should be aware this website contains images, voices and names of people who have died. Contact us Media Employment Privacy Copyright Conditions of use ABN 70 592 297 967  |  The National Museum of Australia is an Australian Government Agency Be the first to know Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest exhibition news, special offers and more from the Museum. Submit Contact us Freecall: 1800 026 132 Email: information@nma.gov.au Lawson Crescent Acton Peninsula, Canberra Daily 9am–5pm Closed Christmas Day Connect with us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Home - The National Museum of Australia What's on Visit Explore Learn About Join & support A Quality Tourism Accredited Business Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people should be aware this website contains images, voices and names of people who have died. Conditions of use Privacy Policy ABN 70 592 297 967  |  The National Museum of Australia is an Australian Government Agency