NMDP (Formerly Be The Match) Global Nonprofit in Cell Therapy | NMDP Fairy-tale finish From a 5K to a marathon, choose your distance, rock your costume and race to save lives with NMDP SM at runDisney® events in 2026. Run with us (Opens in a new tab) Carly, transplant recipient, and Calvin after finishing a runDisney 5K for NMDP Be Ed’s MVP For 30-plus years, the NBA’s Ed Lacerte has been there for players and staff. Now, battling leukemia, he needs help in his search for a blood stem cell donor. You could be the cure for him or another searching patient. Join the registry (Opens in a new tab) Ed Lacerte, athletic trainer and physical therapist Siblings, still waiting for their cures Noelle and Lucca are still waiting for their matches. Help can't wait—get your gift doubled by Dec. 31 for two times the hope. Match my gift (Opens in a new tab) Noelle and Lucca, siblings and searching patients Fairy-tale finish From a 5K to a marathon, choose your distance, rock your costume and race to save lives with NMDP SM at runDisney® events in 2026. Run with us (Opens in a new tab) Carly, transplant recipient, and Calvin after finishing a runDisney 5K for NMDP Be Ed’s MVP For 30-plus years, the NBA’s Ed Lacerte has been there for players and staff. Now, battling leukemia, he needs help in his search for a blood stem cell donor. You could be the cure for him or another searching patient. Join the registry (Opens in a new tab) Ed Lacerte, athletic trainer and physical therapist prev next We save lives. And so can you. At NMDP SM (formerly Be The Match®), we believe each of us holds the key to curing blood cancers and disorders. Our vision is to create a world where every patient can receive their life-saving cell therapy. Your support helps push the boundaries of what’s possible. Join the movement Register to be a blood stem cell donor Join our donor registry to help those who don’t have a suitable match in their family. Join the registry Fundraise to save lives Help patients struggling with medical costs by attending a community-led fundraiser or hosting your own. Fundraise Become a legislative advocate Engage your state and federal legislators to help maintain and improve patient access to care. Advocate Our impact is growing We continue to help more patients by working with partners around the world and serving as a driver for change. Our impact Our annual report (Opens in a new tab) 140,000+ People NMDP has impacted through cell therapy since 1987 42 million+ Number of potential donors worldwide that patients have access to through every donor search $6.6 million Provided by supporters through NMDP’s patient assistance program in 2024 200 Ongoing studies and clinical trials through NMDP’s collaborative research program Stories of the mission Amelia, blood stem cell transplant recipient Amelia's chance for a cure Amelia didn’t have a full donor match. New NMDP-led research made a life-saving blood stem cell transplant possible. Read Amelia's story Jeremiah, blood stem cell donor The importance of saying “yes” Jeremiah's childhood dream of being a hero took a real-life turn when he faced the decision to donate blood stem cells. Read Jeremiah’s story Cayden, searching for a blood stem cell donor Cayden’s looking for his best match Leukemia has taken a lot from this 7-year-old—but not his fighting spirit. You could be the donor that saves his life. Read Cayden’s story Amelia, blood stem cell transplant recipient Amelia's chance for a cure Amelia didn’t have a full donor match. New NMDP-led research made a life-saving blood stem cell transplant possible. Read Amelia's story Jeremiah, blood stem cell donor The importance of saying “yes” Jeremiah's childhood dream of being a hero took a real-life turn when he faced the decision to donate blood stem cells. Read Jeremiah’s story Cayden, searching for a blood stem cell donor Cayden’s looking for his best match Leukemia has taken a lot from this 7-year-old—but not his fighting spirit. You could be the donor that saves his life. Read Cayden’s story Amelia, blood stem cell transplant recipient Amelia's chance for a cure Amelia didn’t have a full donor match. New NMDP-led research made a life-saving blood stem cell transplant possible. Read Amelia's story prev next What we do We save lives through cell therapy. When a patient receives cell therapy, their diseased or damaged cells are replaced by healthy ones. The process might use a patient’s own cells or those from a donor. At NMDP, we harness the power of cell therapy to treat or cure blood cancers and other blood disorders. We find cures Because of NMDP researchers, blood stem cell transplants have evolved. What was once a new procedure is now a standard treatment for many life-threatening diseases. We continue our work to find treatments and cures for blood cancers and other blood-related diseases. Our research We help patients live longer, healthier lives In partnership with the Medical College of Wisconsin, NMDP is running approximately 200 clinical trials and studies. These trials will help provide new medications, improve transplant processes and give us a greater understanding of diseases. As a result, we can help patients thrive. Clinical trials We show up Patients and caregivers have needs before, during and after transplant. We provide physical, emotional and spiritual support to everyone involved throughout the process and financial support for our patients. Support for patients Explore About us Patient support services NMDP websites Careers at NMDP Shop Explore Connect with us Contact us Connect with us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Financial Contribution Privacy Statement EEO / Affirmative Action Employer State Fundraising Notices Whistleblower Hotline Sitemap NMDP℠ is entrusted and under contract to operate the federally authorized C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program. Copyright © 2026 National Marrow Donor Program. All Rights Reserved.