Northwestern Mutual | Financial Planning & Life Insurance Company Skip to main content Northwestern Mutual Primary Navigation Home About Us Back to main menu About Us Overview Working With an Advisor Our Financial Strength Sustainability and Impact Financial Planning Back to main menu Financial Planning Overview Retirement Planning Back to Planning Services Retirement Planning Overview Retirement Calculator College Savings Plans Private Wealth Management Estate Planning Long-Term Care Business Services Insurance Back to main menu Insurance Overview Life Insurance Back to Insurance Life Insurance Overview Whole Life Insurance Universal Life Insurance Variable Universal Life Insurance Term Life Insurance Life Insurance Calculator Disability Insurance Back to Insurance Disability Insurance Overview Disability Insurance For Individuals Disability Insurance For Doctors and Dentists Disability Insurance Calculator Long-Term Care Income Annuities Investments Back to main menu Investments Overview Brokerage Accounts & Services Private Wealth Management Investment Advisory Services Fixed & Variable Annuities Market Commentary Life & Money Back to main menu Life & Money Overview Educational Resources About Financial Planning Educational Resources About Investing Educational Resources About Insurance Educational Resources About Everyday Money Educational Resources About Family & Work Market Commentary Podcast Utility Navigation Log in Claims Find a Financial Advisor Search Cancel and Close Search Search NorthwesternMutual.com Search for specific advisors, products, services, articles, etc. Search Clear Welcome to A better way to money ® See the difference the right advisor makes. It's the right time It's never the right time From newborns to new homes, see how we do financial planning differently. Let's get started Northwestern Mutual Primary Products Financial Planning Insurance Investments Northwestern Mutual Financial Planning Products Here, better conversations can lead to better outcomes. Together, let's create a comprehensive plan that will: Meet you where you are right now Include solutions designed for your specific goals and priorities Be personalized to perform and evolve over time Let's start planning Show me more Northwestern Mutual Insurance Products You've built too much to let the unexpected knock you off course. Your financial advisor listens closely to what matters most and turns goals into guidance—including ways that can protect and give you more financial flexibility throughout your life. Let's look at how you can help: Strengthen your plan with the right life insurance Safeguard your income with disability insurance Be ready with a long-term care plan that protects in more ways than one Get insurance Show me more Northwestern Mutual Investment Products Get matched with a financial advisor who meets you right where you are and helps grow your money through better conversations. Let's pick only the best opportunities for you. Investment advisory services Brokerage accounts and services Exclusive market commentary Let's start investing Show me more Your Northwestern Mutual advisor is here to guide you. They'll uncover opportunities that others might overlook—and build a personalized plan designed to drive better outcomes. You can expect: The expertise to offer a range of financial solutions for every stage of your life To be heard, not judged, and your interests put above all else Backing by a FORTUNE® 125 company that's provided financial stability for 167 years Let's get started What a Better Way to Money ® means for you. Better conversations Your financial advisor will meet you where you are. They'll ask deeper questions, and listen closely, to understand your goals and priorities, and how you think about money. Their expertise will help uncover your blind spots and opportunities that might otherwise get overlooked. Better solutions Each recommendation from your advisor—which could include options from our exclusive portfolio of financial products—is designed to meet you where you are, at every stage in your life, identifying and addressing any gaps we find along the way. Better outcomes Watch your money take you further with a plan that's built specifically around your needs and no one else's. In fact, independent analysis has shown that clients who follow a comprehensive approach to financial planning experienced better outcomes. 1 Let's start planning Get financial tips, tools, and more with our monthly Life & Money newsletter. Enter your contact information to receive weekly emails about reaching your goals. First name * Last name * Email * Sign me up Your financial strength, powered by ours. A++ financial strength rating AAA, Aa1, and AA+—we've earned the highest available financial strength ratings awarded to any U.S. life insurer from all four major rating agencies. 2 Awarded in the Insurance category: Life & Health industry, Fortune® Magazine's annual survey, 2017 Top 10 ranked investment service We're one of the top U.S. Independent Investment Broker-Dealers. 3 Ranking for Northwestern Mutual Investment Services LLC. Measured by 2024 Revenue. Financial Planning, August 2025 $9.2B in dividends expected to be paid in 2026 in dividends expected to be paid in 2026 4 Statistic for Northwestern Mutual, Dividends are reviewed annually and are not guaranteed. based on Northwestern Mutual policyowner data. No. 1 ranked insurance company for consumer experience Best life insurance company for consumer experience, 2024 5 Ranking for Northwestern Mutual Investment Services LLC, ©2017–2024 and TM, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Questions about Northwestern Mutual? We've got answers. How much can I expect to pay for your products and services? Our pricing for insurance and fees for investing are straightforward, and we'll always be upfront about them. What you pay monthly (or yearly) for our insurance solutions is determined by things like the amount of coverage you need and your age. For an advisory or private wealth management investment account, you'll pay a quarterly fee. The fee is based on the value of the assets in your account. Our brokerage accounts and services work on a commission for each asset purchased. Find out how your advisor can help you. Connect with one now . How is Northwestern Mutual different from others? We'll show you a better way to money. It starts with a conversation about your life and questions about what's important to you. Your advisor's expertise will help reveal blind spots and identify the opportunities that others might overlook. As you work together, your advisor will tailor your plan from our exclusive portfolio of financial products. Each solution is designed to meet you where you are, at every stage in your life. That way, you'll have the confidence to live the way you want now, and down the road. Ready to get started? Connect with your advisor now . What products and services does Northwestern Mutual offer? Your plan will work its hardest with the right solutions tailored to your goals. You'll have access to our exclusive portfolio of financial products that reinforce each other. Depending on your goals, there's investments to help grow your money, insurance to protect what you've earned, and annuities for extra income when you retire. Talk to your advisor about which options might be best for you. Get matched with one now . How can a financial advisor help me? Your advisor will be your trusted partner who'll help you reach your goals, no matter how big or small. They'll ask deeper questions and listen closely to fully understand your priorities. With a holistic view of your financial picture in focus, they'll tailor your plan with our exclusive portfolio of financial products. Each solution is designed to meet you where you are, at every stage in your life. Get a feel for what it will be like to work with your advisor . What is a financial plan, exactly? A financial plan will help you make the most of what you have, no matter how much you have, so you can live the life you've always wanted. It takes into account all of your goals, shows you what it'll take to get there, the progress you've already made, any gaps you might have, and your opportunities. Your plan starts with a conversation with your advisor. They'll ask deeper questions and listen closely to fully understand your goals and what's most important to you. With a holistic view of your financial picture in focus, you'll work with your advisor to tailor your plan from our exclusive portfolio of financial products. Each solution is designed to meet you where you are, at every stage in your life. See how our approach to financial planning is a better way to money . Already a client? Try these FAQs Ready to feel better about your money? It's easy to get started—no commitment, just a better conversation. Find a financial advisor Find What You're Looking for at Northwestern Mutual 1 Hal E. Hershfield, Assessing the Value of a Holistic Advisor (2024) . In Hal Hershfield's research, a comprehensive approach to planning means a client has Permanent Life Insurance, either investments or annuities, and a recent financial plan. 2 Northwestern Mutual continues to have the highest available financial strength ratings awarded to any U.S. life insurer by all four of the major rating agencies: A.M. Best Company, A++ (highest), 11/25; Fitch Ratings, AAA (highest), 8/25; Moody's Ratings, Aa1 (second highest), 6/25; S&P Global Ratings, AA+ (second highest), 10/25. Third-party ratings are subject to change. Ratings are for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company. 3 Ranking for Northwestern Mutual Investment Services LLC. Measured by 2022 Revenue. Source: InvestmentNews, May 2023. 4 Dividends are reviewed annually and are not guaranteed. Some policies may not receive dividends in a particular year or years even while other policies receive dividends. For universal life products, in lieu of dividends, experience is reflected through changes to nonguaranteed charges and credits. 5 ©2017–2025 and TM, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved. To learn more about Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC and its financial professionals, visit FINRA BrokerCheck® . Visit our Client Relationship Summaries (Form CRS) which provide brief information about our firms that provide brokerage services and advisory services. Northwestern Mutual General Disclaimer Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries. Life and disability insurance, annuities, and life insurance with long-term care benefits are issued by The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI (NM). Long-term care insurance is issued by Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI, (NLTC) a subsidiary of NM. Investment brokerage services are offered through Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC (NMIS) a subsidiary of NM, broker-dealer, registered investment advisor, and member FINRA and SIPC . Investment advisory and trust services are offered through Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company® (NMWMC), Milwaukee, WI, a subsidiary of NM and a federal savings bank. Products and services referenced are offered and sold only by appropriately appointed and licensed entities and financial advisors and professionals. Not all products and services are available in all states. Not all Northwestern Mutual representatives are advisors. Only those representatives with "Advisor" in their title or who otherwise disclose their status as an advisor of NMWMC are credentialed as NMWMC representatives to provide investment advisory services. Northwestern Mutual Footer Navigation About Us Newsroom Careers Information Protection Business Services Podcast Contact Us FAQs Legal Notice Sitemap Privacy Notices Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Download our app for fast, easy, and secure access to your accounts and more— anytime, anywhere. Over 8,000+ Financial Advisors and Professionals Nationwide* Find an Advisor Connect with us Footer Copyright *Based on Northwestern Mutual internal data, not applicable exclusively to disability insurance products. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google, Inc. Copyright © 2025 The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI. All Rights Reserved. Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries.