Home | National Museums Scotland Skip to main content Visit What's on Collections Discover Schools Our impact Support us Your account Basket Shop Search Menu Become a Member Search Close Become a Member Visit What's on Collections Discover Schools Our impact Support us Your account Basket Shop Become a Member National Museums Scotland Giants Saturday 31 January - Monday 14 September 2026 Discover life-sized 3D sculptures of colossal prehistoric creatures, in this immersive, family-friendly exhibition. Find out more Our museums National Museum of Scotland Open daily, 10:00 - 17:00 Free entry Chambers Street , Edinburgh , EH1 1JF Find out more National Museum of Flight Nov - Mar Weekends only, 10:00 - 16:00 Paid entry, Members free East Fortune Airfield , East Lothian , EH39 5LF Find out more National Museum of Rural Life Open daily, 10:00 - 17:00 Paid entry, Members free Philipshill Road , East Kilbride , G76 9HR Find out more National War Museum Oct - Mar Open daily, 09:45 - 16:45 Free entry with paid entry to Edinburgh Castle Castlehill , Edinburgh , EH1 2NG Find out more Featured Exhibition Maps: Memories from the Second World War Saturday 9 March 2024 – Sunday 4 October 2026 Through personal stories, photography and memorabilia, this new exhibition charts the creation and use of maps during the Second World War. National War Museum Learn more What's on Event Sprogmanay Thu 1 Jan 2026, 12:00 - 17:00 Join us to celebrate the start of the New Year in party style with an afternoon of free family fun with live music and performances. Free National Museum of Scotland Find out more Event Tractor Tots Fri 4 Jul - Fri 28 Nov Tractor Tots is a bookable series of playful sensory singalong sessions for under-fives and their adults at the National Museum of Rural Life. National Museum of Rural Life Find out more Event Find Out Fridays 5 Sep 25 - 26 Jun 2026, every Friday afternoon during term time 13:30 – 16:00 Drop-in Friday fun for families of all ages. Free National Museum of Scotland Find out more See what else is on Discover our collections Discover What is the Peebles Hoard? The Peebles Hoard is a spectacular collection of bronze, leather and wooden material. Dating to the Late Bronze Age (c.1000-800 BCE), it contains several hundred elements from a complex set of objects. A complete sword in a wooden scabbard… Keep reading Discover Get to know Robert Burns through 10 objects A variety of objects relating to the life of Scotland's bard can be found in National Museums Scotland's collection. Read on to learn more about Burns' life, legacy, and his depictions in objects and popular culture. Keep reading Discover The story of Dolly the sheep Dolly the sheep was the first cloned mammal ever to be created from an adult cell. Affectionately named after country music legend Dolly Parton, Dolly caused excitement and controversy among both scientists and the public.Why is Dolly… Keep reading Discover Discovering dinosaur bones on a Scottish island Dr Elsa Panciroli was walking along the shore of the island of Eigg when something caught her eye. She had stepped on a boulder, but there was something unusual buried in it.Dr Panciroli, a Research Associate at National Museums Scotland,… Keep reading View all stories Search our collections Our online database contains a selection of the 12 million objects and specimens in our collections. Start searching now Support us Our museums need your support to protect the objects in our care and bring their stories to life. Make a donation Visit National Museum of Scotland National Museum of Flight National Museum of Rural Life National War Museum National Museums Collection Centre Useful links About us Jobs and volunteering Press Venue hire Picture library Contact us Connect with us YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up here Back to top Top Secondary links Privacy Cookies Website accessibility Terms of use Ticketing terms and conditions Website carbon management Small Print National Museums Scotland ©2026. Charity Number: SC011130. Website by Supercool .