Skip to content
NOBEL PRIZE
Nobel Prizes & laureates
About
Stories
Educational
Events & museums
The unseen enemy: navigating antimicrobial resistance
The hunt is on to find new antibiotics with the potential to save millions of lives.
Read more

Professor Cristina Dorador collects soil samples in the Atacama Desert. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach

Nobel Prize award ceremonies
Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony, Oslo
“Peace is ultimately an act of love”
Watch and read the lecture and speeches.
Nobel Prize award ceremony, Stockholm
“The Nobel lights illuminate not only the city, but also the world” 
Read the presentation speeches.
Highlights from Nobel Week

1 (of 40) László Krasznahorkai’s library visit in Rinkeby, Stockholm, Sweden on 12 December, 2025 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

2 (of 40) Shimon Sakaguchi visiting Kungsholmens gymnasium in Stockholm. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Dan Lepp

3 (of 40) Economic sciences laureate Peter Howitt and his wife Pat with the prize medal at the Nobel Foundation, 11 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

4 (of 40) 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Photo: Jo Straube

5 (of 40) Nobel Peace Prize exhibition opening, 11 December 2025. 

Photo: Johannes Granseth/Nobel Peace Center

6 (of 40) Maria Corina Machado at the Grand Hotel in Oslo, Norway, 10 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Jo Straube

7 (of 40) 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Jo Straube

8 (of 40) Divertissement at the 2025 Nobel Prize banquet. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

9 (of 40) Divertissement at the 2025 Nobel Prize banquet. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

10 (of 40) 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

11 (of 40) 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

12 (of 40) 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

13 (of 40) The 2025 Nobel Prize banquet starter: Soup of porcini mushroom served with a bound salad of cultivated Swedish mushrooms, Almnäs Tegel cheese, ginger oil and black winter truffle. Truffle butter and crispbread flavoured with porcini mushroom. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Dan Lepp

14 (of 40) The 2025 Nobel Prize banquet main course: Turbot stuffed with scallops and sugar kelp, roasted celeriac glazed with lovage, butter-boiled potatoes and white onions flavoured with nutmeg. Served with Savoy cabbage, leeks and mushrooms, accompanied by a butter sauce of fermented quince and Ingrid Marie apples. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Dan Lepp

15 (of 40) The 2025 Nobel Prize banquet dessert: Sorbet of Swedish blackthorn berries flavoured with orange, allspice and clove. A baked cream of fresh cheese with bourbon vanilla and a browned butter sponge. A buttermilk caramel and a crunchy topping of buckwheat and oats. Served with a consommé of wild raspberry flavoured with juniper shoots. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Dan Lepp

16 (of 40) The tables in the Blue Hall of the Stockholm City Hall are set for the Nobel Prize banquet. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

17 (of 40) 

Photo: Helene Mariussen

18 (of 40) 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

19 (of 40) László Krasznahorkai receiving his Nobel Prize from H.M. King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden at Konserthuset Stockholm on 10 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

20 (of 40) Mary E. Brunkow receiving her Nobel Prize from H.M. King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden at Konserthuset Stockholm on 10 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

21 (of 40) The 2025 Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo City Hall. 

Photo: Helene Mariussen

22 (of 40) Jørgen Watne Frydnes, Chair of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, giving his speech at the 2025 peace prize award ceremony. 

Photo: Jo Straube

23 (of 40) Recording of Nobel Minds 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

24 (of 40) Michel H. Devoret and László Krasznahorkai at a reception for the 2025 Nobel Prize laureates in Stockholm. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

25 (of 40) Nobel Week Dialogue in Gothenburg. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

26 (of 40) John Clarke lecturing at the Aula Magna, Stockholm University, 8 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

27 (of 40) Nobel Prize Concert 2025. Spanish violinist María Dueñas and Semyon Bychkov, chief conductor of the Czech Philharmonic. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Niklas Elmehed

28 (of 40) Philippe Aghion lecturing at the Aula Magna, Stockholm University, 8 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

29 (of 40) Mary E. Brunkow at the Nobel Creations exhibition 2025, Nobel Prize Museum, 6 December. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

30 (of 40) Susumu Kitagawa lecturing at the Aula Magna, Stockholm University, 8 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

31 (of 40) Fred Ramsdell wore these hiking boots during a hike with his wife, when the news of his Nobel Prize was announced. Ramsdell donated the boots to the Nobel Prize Museum, 6 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

32 (of 40) Shimon Sakaguchi lecturing at Karolinska Institutet, 7 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Nanaka Adachi

33 (of 40) The Light We Reflect by Saadia Hussain at Nobel Week Lights 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Dan Lepp

34 (of 40) Medicine laureate Mary E. Brunkow arriving at the Nobel Prize Museum in Stockholm, 6 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

35 (of 40) Medicine laureate Shimon Sakaguchi arriving to the Nobel Prize Museum for the Get together with the 2025 laureates. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

36 (of 40) László Krasznahorkai donated a Netsuke depicting a wise elderly man to the Nobel Prize Museum on 6 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

37 (of 40) Philippe Aghion and Peter Howitt signing chairs at the Nobel Prize Museum. 6 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach

38 (of 40) 2025 Nobel Prize laureates in physics, chemistry, medicine and literature and the economic sciences laureates gathered at the Nobel Prizer Museum get together in Stockholm. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

39 (of 40) Economic sciences laureate Peter Howitt arriving at the Nobel Prize Museum in Stockholm, 6 December 2025. 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

40 (of 40) Susumu Kitagawa and Omar M. Yaghi signing a chair at the Nobel Prize Museum. 6 December 2025 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin

See all photos
Nobel Prize banquet 2025

Watch and read the banquet speeches

Physics: Michel H. Devoret

Chemistry: Omar M. Yaghi

Physiology or medicine: Mary E. Brunkow

Literature: László Krasznahorkai

Economic sciences: Joel Mokyr

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

Which Nobel Prize laureates do you share a birthday with?
Enter your birthday to find out.
Enter

Kailash Satyarthi and the 2014 Nobel Prize laureates. 

© Nobel Media, Photo: Alexander Mahmoud

THE MAN BEHIND
THE PRIZE
In his last will, Alfred Nobel specified that the bulk of his fortune should be used for prizes to “those who, during the preceding year, shall have conferred the greatest benefit to humankind.”
Learn more about Alfred Nobel
Watch the 2025 lectures
Physics lectures
John M. Martinis, Michel H. Devoret and John Clarke.
Chemistry lectures
Richard Robson, Susumu Kitagawa and Omar M. Yaghi.
Medicine lectures
Shimon Sakaguchi, Mary E. Brunkow and Fred Ramsdell.
Economic sciences lectures
Joel Mokyr, Philippe Aghion and Peter Howitt.

“Human being—astonishing creature—who are you?” 

László Krasznahorkai’s Nobel Prize lecture

Transcript of lecture in Hungarian

Transcript of lecture in Swedish

László Krasznahorkai lecturing at the Swedish Academy, 7 December 2025.

 

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Anna Svanberg

Nobel Prize Concert 2025

A glorious musical evening of hope and light 

Spanish violinist María Dueñas and Semyon Bychkov, chief conductor of the Czech Philharmonic, performed at the Nobel Prize Concert on 8 December. The programme included music by Bryce Dessner, Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy and Antonín Dvořák.

The concert can be seen here (link to the Nobel Prize YouTube channel, for viewers outside of Sweden)

© Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Niklas Elmehed

Nobel Peace Prize Forum 2025

Whenever bullets replace ballots the human cost is unbearable

This year’s Nobel Peace Prize Forum focused on democracy as the foundation for peace, and how the transition from authoritarianism to democracy can pave the way for peace in different parts of the world. 

Nobel Week Dialogue 2025

Nobel Week Dialogue 2025, Gothenburg: Health for All

“We need to encourage the next generation”
Listen Nobel Prize laureates, academics, innovators and policymakers on how to deliver equitable, effective, and sustainable healthcare in the 21st century.
Watch and read more

One-minute crash course

How much do you know about the achievements awarded the 2025 Nobel Prizes? Take our one-minute crash course on each of this year’s Nobel Prizes and laureates.

See all crash courses

Nobel Prizes 2025
Physics
Experiments on a chip revealed quantum physics in action

This year’s laureates conducted experiments with an electrical circuit in which they demonstrated both quantum mechanical tunnelling and quantised energy levels in a system big enough to be held in the hand.

Chemistry
Their molecular architecture contains rooms for chemistry

The 2025 chemistry laureates have created molecular constructions with large spaces through which gases and other chemicals can flow. 

Physiology or medicine
They discovered how the immune system is kept in check

The laureates made groundbreaking discoveries concerning peripheral immune tolerance that prevents the immune system from harming the body. 

Literature
László Krasznahorkai

The Nobel Prize in Literature 2025 is awarded to the Hungarian author László Krasznahorkai, “for his compelling and visionary oeuvre that, in the midst of apocalyptic terror, reaffirms the power of art”.

Peace
A brave and committed champion of peace

As the leader of the democracy movement in Venezuela, Maria Corina Machado is one of the most extraordinary examples of civilian courage in Latin America in recent times.

Economic sciences
They show how new technology can drive sustained growth

This year’s laureates in economic sciences explain how innovation provides the impetus for further progress.

Curious to learn more?

Delve into the Nobel Prize lessons

Are you a student or a teacher? Here you can find free, readily available lessons including videos, slideshows and more. Click here to access the educational material

Explore prizes and laureates
Select the category or categories you would like to filter by
Physics
Chemistry
Medicine
Literature
Peace
Economic Sciences
–
Choose a year you would like to search in
+
Explore
Get involved
Follow us on Instagram
Discover more Nobel Prize stories
Explore powerful moments and life-changing discoveries.
Sign up for the monthly newsletter

Join thousands of global subscribers enjoying the free monthly Nobel Prize highlights, trivia and up-to-date information.

Your email address
 

I consent to my email address being used in accordance with the privacy policy.

Play and learn
The Blood Typing Game
How much do you know about blood types? Try out in this game.
Pavlov’s Dog
Learn about conditioned reflexes in this interactive game.
Vitamin B1
This fast-paced game relies on a keen knowledge of food containing vitamin B1.
In memoriam

James Watson passes away

James Watson died on 6 November 2025 in East Northport, New York, USA, aged 97. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1962 “for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material.”

Biography

Chen Ning Yang dies at 103

Chen Ning Yang passed away on 18 October 2025 in Beijing, China, aged 103. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics 1957 “for their penetrating investigation of the so-called parity laws which has led to important discoveries regarding the elementary particles.”

Biography

Sir John B. Gurdon passes away

Sir John B. Gurdon died on 7 October 2025, aged 92. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2012 “for the discovery that mature cells can be reprogrammed to become pluripotent.”

Biography

George F. Smoot 1945–2025

George F. Smoot passed away on 18 September 2025, aged 80. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics 2006 “for their discovery of the blackbody form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation.”

Biography

About the Nobel Prize organisation
The Nobel Foundation

Tasked with a mission to manage Alfred Nobel's fortune and has ultimate responsibility for fulfilling the intentions of Nobel's will.

The prize-awarding institutions

For more than a century, these academic institutions have worked independently to select Nobel Prize laureates.

Outreach organisations

Several outreach organisations and activities have been developed to inspire generations and disseminate knowledge about the Nobel Prize.

Press
Contact
FAQ
Privacy policy
Terms of use
For developers
Media player
Careers
Join us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
LinkedIn

NOBEL PRIZE

Copyright © Nobel Prize Outreach 2025
By clicking “accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Our cookie policy.
Cookies settings Accept all cookies