NodeReal - One-stop Blockchain Infrastructure Provider Products MegaNode Fastest and Reliable API Service API Marketplace Build for Developers, by Developers TraceReal Explorer as a Service API Marketplace Solutions One-Stop Solutions for Web3 Custom Blockchain Solutions for All Industries Game Solution The Blockchain Scaling Solution for Web3 Gaming Pricing Case Studies Developers RESOURCES Documentation Up-to-date docs for developers GitHub Explore our tech repositories Tutorials Learn how to get started with NodeReal TOOLS DCellar Storage Console on BNB Greenfield GreenfieldScan BNB Greenfield Blockchain Explorer BNB Chain List A list of BNB Chain related networks BSCTrace BSC Blockchain Explorer TraceMove Aptos Blockchain Explorer Aptos Chain Dev Tools A list of tools for developing on Aptos Chain Blog Log In Fastest, Reliable & Instant Web3 Infrastructure Fastest, Reliable & Instant Web3 Infrastructure Empowering developers to create dApps with our
API service and ultimate one-stop blockchain solution. Start Building with Web3 APIs Connect to RPC endpoints and explore various enhanced APIs for complex use-cases. Start for Free Explore APIs Scale with Custom Application Chain Build your own Application Chain or scale your blockchain with layer 2 solutions. Contact Us Learn More 20,000+ Developers 10K+ Active Endpoints 1 Billion+ Daily API Requests 99.8% Uptime 24/7 Support Explore the Best Web3 APIs in Our Marketplace Explore PancakeSwap GraphQL v2 (Premium) SPACE ID NFTScan API Lens API Toolkit Wallet Toolkit NFT-BSC Fungible Tokens-ETH BSC RPC Ethereum RPC Aptos Node API opBNB RPC Optimism RPC Arbitrum Nova RPC Arbitrum Nitro RPC Easy to Build Seamlessly connect to your dApps. Scale with Ease No scaling limitations. Reliable Service Real-time monitoring service status. Extreme Data Accuracy Ensure data availability. The Best RPC Service Powered by MegaNode NFT GameFi DeFi Wallet Data Get Started Wanna retrieve PancakeSwap v2 data from BSC? Try our GraphQL package to index everything you need. SPACE ID is a universal name service network that seamlessly connects people, information, assets, and applications in BNB Chain ecosystem. NFTScan is an NFT data infrastructure. Streamline your blockchain development with Covalent's Lens API Toolkit. Turn complex wallet addresses into manageable Lens handles, and easily query user balances, transactions, NFT holdings and more. A straightforward solution for your blockchain needs. Build wallets in no time with Covalent's Wallet Toolkit for 100+ Blockchains. Query wallet token balances, NFT holdings, transaction histories, and more across an extensive range of blockchains. Enhance your application with reliable, unified data, with only a few lines of code. While acquiring NFT data is complex, our NFT API makes it easy to retrieve the NFTs you're looking for and their metadata in a more straightforward and faster way. Stop wasting time looking up tokens, try our Fungible Tokens API package right now to save your precious time. Our industry-leading BSC RPC nodes & APIs enable developers to access BNB Smart Chain (BSC) with high-performance infrastructure. Try our RPC endpoints for free now. Build your dApps with the leading-industry Ethereum RPC nodes and APIs you can find in the Web3 world. Start to try our ETH RPC endpoints for free. Powerful node infrastructure and RESTful APIs are provided for all Aptos developers on our platform. Start to try our Aptos endpoints for free. Our industry-leading opBNB RPC nodes & APIs enable developers to access the opBNB Chain with high-performance infrastructure. Try our RPC endpoints for free now. Optimism is a low-cost and lightning-fast Ethereum L2 blockchain. Arbitrum Nova is an AnyTrust chain that aims for ultra low transaction fees. Nova differs from Arbitrum One by not posting transaction data on chain, but to Data Availability Committee. Arbitrum Nitro is a second-generation Layer 2 blockchain protocol. It provides high throughput, fast finality, and efficient dispute resolution. Scale with Custom Application Chain Build your own Application Chain or scale your blockchain with our solutions. and more... Own your BlockChain API Service Bridge Faucet Staking Explorer Own your blockchain explorer. Learn More Contact Us Case Studies FNCY FNCY builds up a platform and infrastructure that continues to evolve to build trust-based, scalable, cost-effective, and easy-to-use applications. Read More Project Twelve (P12) To build a complete infrastructure and a set of toolings to empower the next billions of Web3 Game Creators while ensuring a sustainable game economy through the implementation of economic and governmental mechanisms. Read More Galxe Build the largest SBT (Soulbound Tokens) ecosystem with Galxe. Read More More Cases We are excited to add NodeReal’s data capabilities to enhance Certik Skynet’s data access across various platforms. Kayvon Hosseini Skynet Product Lead at CertiK We needed and asked for a lot of customization from the NodeReal team, and found that they already had a really good tool set. Ian Business Development Lead at FNCY Powerful and trustworthy infrastructure have always been crucially needed by every new startup in Web3. We hope we can empower many teams and projects in the Dora community by connecting them with reliable partners like NodeReal. Steve Ngok Partner of DoraHacks In our journey of building one of the largest web3 credential data networks, we’re glad to have NodeReal as our partner to ensure we are prepared for mass adoption, across different chains. Charles Wayn Co-Founder of Project Galaxy Coin98 paves the way for sustainability and contributes to the journey of Web3 widespread adoption with the integration of NodeReal's scalable, dependable, and efficient blockchain solutions. Vinh The Nguyen CEO & Co-Founder of Coin98 NodeReal speeds up data indexing in Ethereum and BNB Chain hundreds of times. Fei Liu CTO of Litentry #Real BUIDL Start Building for Free Book Application Chain Demo 20,000+ Developers have already started! The ultimate Web3 infrastructure solution SERVICES RPC Service Web3 API Marketplace Application Chain Explorer as a Service Solutions Pricing CHAINS BNB Chain Aptos RESOURCES Documentation GitHub Tutorials FAQ TOOLS Greenfield Client Greenfield Explorer BSC Explorer Aptos Explorer Aptos Chain Dev Tools COMPANY About Us Blog Case Studies Careers Contact Us Terms Privacy Policy AWS partnership SERVICES RPC Service Web3 API Marketplace Application Chain Explorer as a Service Solutions Pricing CHAINS BNB Chain Aptos RESOURCES Documentation GitHub Tutorials FAQ TOOLS Greenfield Client Greenfield Explorer BSC Explorer Aptos Explorer Aptos Chain Dev Tools COMPANY About Us Blog Case Studies Careers Contact Us Terms Privacy Policy AWS partnership © 2025 NodeReal. All rights reserved.