For mission-critical Node.js applications - NodeSource Products N|Solid N|Solid Copilot N|Solid Runtime Node.js Extended Support Node.js Distributions Services Node.js Support Consulting Training Solutions API Integration / Microservices High Performance Applications Legacy Application Migration Internet of Things Resources Blog N|Solid Docs Knowledge Center Partner Program Infrastructure Cost Company Contact Us About Press BOOK A DEMO SIGN IN/SIGN UP CONTACT US Products N|Solid N|Solid Copilot N|Solid Runtime Node.js Extended Support Services Node.js Support Consulting Training Solutions API Integration / Microservices High Performance Applications Legacy Application Migration Internet of Things Resources Blog N|Solid Docs Knowledge Center Partner Program Infrastructure Cost Company Contact Us About Press BOOK A DEMO SIGN IN/SIGN UP You don’t need more logs. You need a smarter tool. Meet: N|Sentinel N|Sentinel, the AI Agent inside N|Solid turns real-time observability into code-level solutions. It doesn’t just spot issues—it understands app performance and generates bench-marked fixes at the source. It’s next level. Watch N|Sentinel in action N|Sentinel Your AI-Powered Node.js Agent Diagnose Optimize Accelerate All Inside N|Solid Modern applications demand speed, reliability, and efficient performance—but diagnosing and fixing issues in  Node.js apps is complicated. Until now. From Guesswork to Guided Expertise N|Sentinel is a groundbreaking feature within N|Solid Copilot , goes beyond traditional profiling tools. It uses specialized AI models to automatically detect, analyze, and suggest optimizations for performance bottlenecks in your Node.js applications. Think of it as your personal AI-performance analyst—always ON , always SHARP , and FULLY EMBEDDED in your workflow. Solve performance and security issues fast with N|Solid N|Solid Provides the deepest, most valuable performance and security telemetry in production to help you resolve issues faster. Solve Memory Leaks Stop memory leaks from slowing you down. Use N|Solid for fast detection and resolution. Keep Node.js Apps Secure Enhance Node.js security with N|Solid. Detect threats and maintain compliance effortlessly. Real-time Performance Get real-time insights and optimize performance instantly with N|Solid. Docs Get real time insights and keep your Node.js apps secure. Try N|Solid for FREE today. Join today Contact us Expert Node.js Support and Services You Can Rely On Full Lifecycle Support From development to deployment and beyond, NodeSource offers comprehensive support throughout the entire lifecycle of your Node.js applications. Our experts are here to ensure seamless operations, optimize performance, and resolve issues at any stage. Expert Services Access specialized Node.js services tailored to your needs. Whether it's troubleshooting, performance tuning, or scaling your applications, our team of Node.js experts provides the insights and solutions necessary to overcome any challenge. Node.js Training Empower your team with in-depth Node.js training from the leaders in the field. Our training programs are designed to enhance your team's skills, covering everything from the basic to advanced topics, ensuring your developers are well-equipped to build and maintain high-quality Node.js applications. Services Experience N|Solid CoPilot , AI-Powered Contextual Telemetry and Expert Recommendations. watch details Run your legacy infrastructure with confidence Stuck on legacy systems? NodeSource Extended Support for N|Solid Runtime delivers the stability you need to keep your Node.js applications secure and efficient. Read more here What our customers have to say N|Solid is a tremendously efficient and secure runtime. After only a few weeks, it helped us troubleshoot a nasty memory leak. — Mastercard — At NASA, mission-critical code is the rule, not the exception. As we transition from a legacy environment to a modern Node-based architecture, N|Solid, along with the support of NodeSource, is proving invaluable by allowing us to scale rapidly while staying focused on our core mission. — NASA — NewsCorp knows news. NodeSource knows Node. — NewsCorp Group — Learn about our team of Node.js experts and our commitment to helping organizations successfully adopt and apply Node. join today watch Clicking on the thumbnails will take you to their GitHub profiles. Learn about our OSS Project: N|Solid Runtime , a 100%-compatible augmented version of Node.js Learn More © 2025 NodeSource What We Do N|Solid Product Pricing NodeSource Services Solutions Microservices High Traffic Legacy Applications Internet of Things Learn Blog Resources Support Portal Documentation Company Contact Us About NodeSource Press Legal Privacy Policy