Low-code programming for event-driven applications : Node-RED Node-RED home about blog documentation forum flows github Low-code programming for event-driven applications The easiest way to collect, transform and visualize real-time data. Latest version: v4.1.2 (npm) Get Started Node-RED's goal is to enable anyone to build applications that collect, transform and visualize their data; building flows that can automate their world. Its low-code nature makes it accessible to users of any background, whether for home automation, industrial control systems or anything in between. From home hobbyists to large scale industrial operations, Node-RED has found a place in a wide range of applications, supported by an active community that has built over 5,000 Nodes and Flows to help you get started quickly. Get Started Node-RED is built on Node.js, taking full advantage of its event-driven, non-blocking model. This makes it ideal to run at the edge of the network on low-cost hardware such as the Raspberry Pi as well as in the cloud. Run locally Getting started Docker On a device Raspberry Pi FlowFuse Device Agent BeagleBone Black Interacting with Arduino Android In the cloud FlowFuse Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Meet the team Project Leads The creators of Node-RED, who continue to lead the project today. Nick O'Leary Dave Conway-Jones Core Contributors People who are regularly contributing to the core project or who have made notable contributions in the project's history. Ben Hardill Steve McLaughlin Gauthier Dandele Kazuhito Yokoi Hiroyasu Nishiyama Mauricio Bonani Explore the full list here Acknowledgments The Node-RED project is actively sponsored by: Past sponsors: IBM Hitachi Who's using Node-RED? Want to feature here? Let us know! All logos used with permission. These links do not constitute an endorsement or approval by the Node-RED project of any of the products, services or opinions of the companies listed. Community more Forum Slack team Stack Overflow GitHub On the blog more The path to Node-RED 5.0 03 Dec 2025 Modernization Survey Results 01 Dec 2025 Node-RED Con 2025 is coming! 28 Oct 2025 Version 4.1 released 29 Jul 2025 Version 4.0 released 20 Jun 2024 Node-RED : Low-code programming for event-driven applications. GitHub npm Documentation APIs Flow Library About Code of Conduct Community Blog Forum Slack Mastodon Twitter Copyright OpenJS Foundation and Node-RED contributors. All rights reserved. The OpenJS Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks.  For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation , please see our Trademark Policy and Trademark List .  Trademarks and logos not indicated on the list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. The OpenJS Foundation | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | OpenJS Foundation Bylaws | Trademark Policy | Trademark List | Cookie Policy