Nodies - Web3 Infrastructure Platform Home Staking Snapshots Pricing Docs Blog Contact Sign In Build, Scale, Connect with Decentralized Networks Easily create your Web3 applications with our lightning-fast APIs, live tracking capabilities, and robust analytics, streamlining your development process. Start Building for Free Copy JavaScript Blockchain Infrastructure Built For Reliability Unmatched Speed Access Ethereum and major chains with lightning speed. Multi-Region Load Balancing Smart traffic routing across regions for low-latency, always-on performance. 99.99% Uptime Reliable infrastructure with 99.99% uptime, backed by a guaranteed SLA. Enterprise-level SLA Guaranteed uptime, fast response, and priority support for mission-critical systems. Designed for Collaborative Workflows Designed For Collaborative Workflows Team Management Collaborate with your team securely and manage access with ease. Key Analytics Gain insights into usage, performance, and bottlenecks at a glance. Secure API Keys Control access with  permissions, domain and  IP whitelisting. Supported Chains Our performance for 3+ years 99.9% API Uptime 50k+ Requests per second <100ms Avg. latency Other Infra Services Other Infra Services Snapshot Hosting Capture and host up-to-date blockchain snapshots for fast node syncing. Our snapshot service ensures reliability, speed, and reduced downtime, ideal for validators, developers, and infrastructure providers. View Snapshots Staking Service Provides reliable tools and infrastructure to help you delegate, monitor, and manage your blockchain staking operations with ease. It ensures high uptime, secure delegation, and seamless validator performance tracking. Start Staking What They Say KauriHero, MASQ “Nodies is absolutely a top infra partner for blockchain services & more! Had the pleasure of working with for over a year - they care about their clients and get intimately in tune with their needs. Move away from the big corp centralized crowd and try next level options at Nodies! “ See X Post Evmos DAO | EVM x Cosmos “While only 6 days have passed testing the new, upgraded and rebranded @nodies_infra by @POKTnetwork, their decentralized network has been absolutely KILLIN’ it in the perf. and realibility dept. “ See X Post CompareNodes “Recently we used our global RPC Performance Inspector to check which endpoint it fastest from 27 regions and averaged for 6 continents. At the time of our runs, Nodies attained the best global average -- congratulations! “ See LinkedIn Post KauriHero, MASQ “Nodies is absolutely a top infra partner for blockchain services & more! Had the pleasure of working with for over a year - they care about their clients and get intimately in tune with their needs. Move away from the big corp centralized crowd and try next level options at Nodies! “ See X Post Evmos DAO | EVM x Cosmos “While only 6 days have passed testing the new, upgraded and rebranded @nodies_infra by @POKTnetwork, their decentralized network has been absolutely KILLIN’ it in the perf. and realibility dept. “ See X Post CompareNodes “Recently we used our global RPC Performance Inspector to check which endpoint it fastest from 27 regions and averaged for 6 continents. At the time of our runs, Nodies attained the best global average -- congratulations! “ See LinkedIn Post KauriHero, MASQ “Nodies is absolutely a top infra partner for blockchain services & more! Had the pleasure of working with for over a year - they care about their clients and get intimately in tune with their needs. Move away from the big corp centralized crowd and try next level options at Nodies! “ See X Post Evmos DAO | EVM x Cosmos “While only 6 days have passed testing the new, upgraded and rebranded @nodies_infra by @POKTnetwork, their decentralized network has been absolutely KILLIN’ it in the perf. and realibility dept. “ See X Post CompareNodes “Recently we used our global RPC Performance Inspector to check which endpoint it fastest from 27 regions and averaged for 6 continents. At the time of our runs, Nodies attained the best global average -- congratulations! “ See LinkedIn Post Let’s get started and enjoy your 4M Free Requests Start Building for Free Site Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Nodies LLC