Home - Nominet Home - Nominet Domain Lookup Access information about an existing domain. If you’re looking to register a new .UK domain name, visit The UK Domain . Lookup Please enter a complete domain name eg example.co.uk or example.com. Thanks… sending you to our lookup now. Search Website Content Look for information on our website Search Search Home Discover Nominet About Us Sustainability Our Board Our Impact Corporate Governance Reports & Statistics Careers News Centre Press Releases Blogs Membership .UK Domains .UK Domains Domain Disputes Security & Protection Tackling Domain Abuse .UK Policy Consultations Services Registry Services DNS Services Lookup Support Search guardians of .uk Since 1996, Nominet has been at the heart of the UK’s internet Find out more about Nominet Domain lookup Lookup Please enter a complete domain name eg example.co.uk or example.com. Thanks… sending you to our lookup now. Access information about an existing domain. If you’re looking to register a new .UK domain name, visit The UK Domain . Reducing harm on .UK We’re on a mission to make .UK the most trusted namespace, and tackling domain abuse is a vital part of that commitment. As the .UK registry, we take our responsibility seriously – aiming to proactively identify and stop domain abuse before it impacts users. By building systemic deterrence against domain abuse, we want to ensure that .UK remains safe and secure for all that rely on it. Learn more about how we’re tackling domain abuse Our Services Registry As a trusted Registry Service Provider (RSP), we manage top-level domains for some of the world’s biggest brands, including BBC and Microsoft. View Registry services DNS Our Domain Name System (DNS) expertise underpins critical internet infrastructure that government services, including the NHS, rely on. View DNS services Domain account management Manage your .UK domains all in one place, with our Nominet Online Services platform. You can find more information on ‘Why should I set up a Nominet Online Services account’ on our UK Domain website. Login to Online Services Our Impact A force for good As a public benefit company, we operate .UK for the wider good and focus on driving positive change through technology. Discover our impact Our Values pull together make things happen keep it simple bring a positive mindset inspiring Career Opportunities Want to work at the heart of the UK internet? Explore our latest opportunities for your chance to play a role in keeping the internet safe and accessible for all. View Nominet Careers News Centre Our News Centre is your central place for the latest company news and updates, including our latest press releases and blogs. View our News Centre Latest News Releases Nominet charts the geography of the internet – shaped by the fight against crime, and the rise of new technology Read More 2025 Nominet cracks down on fake Government websites targeting Winter Fuel Payment claimants Read More 2025 Nominet targets domain abuse with new reporting system Read More 2025 Latest Blogs The Online World 2025 Read More Blog , Industry Criminals are exploiting the UK’s Winter Fuel Payment – this is how global industry collaboration is tackling it Read More Blog , Domain Abuse Get Online Week highlights the demand for digital skills and rise of phishing scams Read More Blog , Domain Abuse , Giving Back prev next Back to top X LinkedIn Our Company About Us Careers Contact Us News Centre Blogs Corporate Governance Members Current members Nominet Members Hub Nominet Community UK Domain Registry Buy a Domain Name Domain Support FAQ UK Domain Disputes Online Services Lookup Registrars Become a Registrar Current Registrars Registrar Resources Service Status Our Policies .UK Policy Complaints Security at Nominet Modern Slavery Statement Vulnerability Disclosure Programme Remuneration Policy Gender Pay Gap report Nominet Voting Rights Bye-Law Accessibility | Privacy Notice | Terms of Use | How we use cookies © Nominet UK 2025. Company number: 03203859 Minerva House, Oxford Science Park, OX4 4DQ, United Kingdom Live Help