Homepage | Nonprofit Quarterly | Civic News. Empowering Nonprofits. Advancing Justice. SECTIONS Donate Membership Donate Social Justice Racial Justice Climate Justice Disability Justice Economic Justice Food Justice Health Justice Immigration LGBTQ+ Civic News Nonprofit Leadership Board Governance Equity-Centered Management Finances Fundraising Human Resources Organizational Culture Philanthropy Power Dynamics Strategic Planning Technology Columns Ask Rhea! Ask a Nonprofit Expert Economy Remix Gathering in Support of Democracy Humans of Nonprofits The Impact Algorithm Living the Question Nonprofit Hiring Trends & Tactics Notes from the Frontlines Parables of Earth Re-imagining Philanthropy State of the Movements We Stood Up The Unexpected Value of Volunteers CONTENT TYPES Leading Edge Membership Newsletters Webinars On the Oracle Alice Wong, Disability, and Community By Alison Stine When Alice Wong died in November, she left behind a legacy of care for a community of people like me with long COVID who know we are not alone. Latest Staff Picks for 2025: Columns and Collections By The Editors Staff Picks for 2025: Isaiah Thompson By Isaiah Thompson The Deadly Combination of Pregnancy and Rural Living in the United States By Janelle Carlson How Climate Instability and Extreme Heat Could Upend High School Sports By Roxanne L. Scott Staff Picks for 2025: Steve Dubb By Steve Dubb Staff Picks for 2025: Alison Stine By Alison Stine A Canary in a Coal Mine: Amazon’s Luzerne County Data Center By Carrie Santoro Gathering for Democracy: Dispatches from Chicago By Venu Gupta Navigating Conflict in Movement Spaces By Dean Spade Popular Four Ways Philanthropy Can Support the Movement for a Third Reconstruction By Richard Besser and Carmen Rojas A Canary in a Coal Mine: Amazon’s Luzerne County Data Center By Carrie Santoro How MediaJustice Is Leading Communities to Push Back Against AI Data Centers By Myaisha Hayes When Pivoting in Times of Crisis, What Should Small and Medium-Sized Nonprofits Prioritize First? By Jeanne Bell Paving the Path for a Third Reconstruction By Taifa Smith Butler Anti-DEI Lawsuits Threaten Nonprofits, Philanthropies By Isaiah Thompson Confronting the Private Equity Menace to Restore Housing Affordability By Dr. Seumalu Elora Raymond Navigating Conflict in Movement Spaces By Dean Spade A Move to Fund the Fight for Health Equity in the Trump Era By Isaiah Thompson Columns view all Ask a Nonprofit Expert The Unexpected Value of Volunteers We Stood Up Parables of Earth The Impact Algorithm Gathering in Support of Democracy Ask Rhea Notes from the Frontlines State of the Movements Series and Collections NPQ Staff Picks: 2025 How Women of Color in the South Are Reclaiming Space Land Justice: From Private Ownership to Community Stewardship Toward a Third Reconstruction Digital Colonialism The New Asian Diaspora Media: Defending Democracy Locally and Globally Reimagining Nonprofit Boards: A Three-Part Series Truth to Power LandBack for the People Upcoming Webinars Group Created with Sketch. January 29th, 2:00 pm ET Participatory Decision-making When & How to Apply Inclusive Decision-making Methods Register Group Created with Sketch. February 26th, 2:00 pm ET Understanding Reduction in Force (RIF) Law Clear Guidance for Values-centered Nonprofits Register Like what you see? Subscribe to the NPQ newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox. See our newsletters By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use, and to receive messages from NPQ and our partners. About Advertise Careers Contact Copyright Donate Editorial Policy Funders Submissions We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Close GDPR Cookie Banner Accept Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings