Noor Specialized Journal Website Skip to main content Sign in Sign up Purchase Search Query All types Title of sources Creators Advanced search Our websites more... FA Farsi AR Arabic EN English Sign in Sign up Purchase Our websites more... FA Farsi AR Arabic EN English by category Article List Creators Publishers Scientific Events Journal group About Subjects Subscription Updated journals All types Title of sources Creators Advanced search Users Services Rules and regulations Purchase Request being indexed Request being indexed Institutes and Centers Services Contract form Rules and regulations The largest bank of articles on Islamic sciences and the humanities Noor Specialized journals Website is a text-image information bank which is assigned to collect and supply specialized journals on Islamic and social sciences and the humanities on cyberspace. Journal group List of Journals List of Conferences Journals ISC Journals Old Journals Free accessibility About Website Noor
			Specialized Magazines Website is among a series of websites launched
			by Computer Research Center of Islamic Sciences. It is intended to
			identify and electronically publish specialized journals on Islamic
			sciences and the humanities. It
			is clear that journals, today, have changed to important tools in
			producing, publishing, criticizing and utilizing the sciences,
			especially in specialized spheres. By the
			entrance of the Internet to scientific information sphere, it has
			been possible to provide the researchers with a host number of
			journals using new methods. In this
			regard, Noor World Network affiliated to the CRCIS, began to publish
			Islamic sciences and the Humanities magazines on Hawzah website in
			1998. The reception by the users, on the one hand, and the increasing
			number of features required by the experts for their research
			affaires, on the other hand, made Noor World Network launch Noor
			Specialized Magazines Website to meet the users’ demands. The
			content presented on the website is the result of non-stop work of
			our colleagues in the CRCIS since September of 2005. Establishing the
			most comprehensive and complete archive of Islamic sciences and the
			Humanities journals on the Internet was the reason behind launching
			the website. Offering
			a host number magazine ranked as science-research or
			scientific-propagative is significant privilege of the website. The
			website also has collected a valuable collection of old magazines. آزمایشگاه نورمگز در اینجا ما یک هدف را دنبال می کنیم: شکل دادن به آینده تحقیق و پژوهش آزمایشگاه نورمگز Subjects Jurisprudence 63 Title Sciences of Qur'an and Hadith 145 Title Philosophy and Theology 148 Title Law 205 Title History 138 Title Geography 78 Title Economy 170 Title Literature and Languages 304 Title Management 169 Title Political sciences 165 Title Psychology 97 Title Social Sciences 212 Title Information and Library Science 60 Title Art and Architecture 131 Title Physical Education 66 Title Morality 21 Title Religions 83 Title Education 177 Title Accounting 46 Title Healthcare 44 Title Interdisciplinary 792 Title علوم انسانی دیجیتال 3 Title Purchase Presenting images of the journal pages Downloading the articles in PDF format pdf Standard and advanced searching through different ranges Purchase Updated journals Issues list Weblog | Rules and regulations | Help | About website | Contact us | Privacy | Our websites All Rights of this website – whether material or spiritual – Reserved for CRCIS . Unauthorized publication of its content is liable to prosecution. «Hosted by Noor Data Center » × اعطای کد تخفیف این پیام را دیگر نمایش نده Confirm × You have been identified as a user of . Confirm