Free and open-source eCommerce platform. ASP.NET Core based shopping cart. - nopCommerce Product Store demo Showcase Features Why for developers Why for store owners Industries Fashion Health & Beauty Food & Beverage Automotive Industrial & Scientific Furniture B2B eCommerce International Downloads Download nopCommerce Marketplace Translations Copyright removal key Mobile application Web API Microsoft Dynamics 365 Support & services Training Documentation Community forums Premium support services Request a quote Contact us Partners English English Español Deutsch Russian Français Italiano Português Türkçe 简体中文 日本語 Tiếng Việt Get started Shopping cart My account Log in Register Free and open-source eCommerce platform The most popular ASP.NET Core shopping cart in the world based on Microsoft technologies Get started View demo 15 years of experience On the eCommerce market 60,000+ live shops From SMB to Enterprise 10,000+ new stores every year 150+ partners From 40+ countries 800+ integrations Plugins, themes, language packs 350,000+ members Community worldwide 1,500,000+ downloads And the number is still growing For every size and type of business Small and medium business Quickly launch and scale your online store with rich built-in functionality: integration with payment and shipment services; warehouse managing; marketing and SEO tools; and mobile-friendly stores. Enterprise business Use multi-vendor and multi-store functionality (B2B and B2C). Get the maximum advantage of enterprise-grade performance. Easy integration and limitless customization opportunities. Global business A flexible system to fit your demands: GDPR; multi-currencies and multi-languages; regional taxes and laws support; management of multiple international stores; integration with local services and suppliers. View all features Why nopCommerce Absolutely free No transaction fee. No monthly fees. No hidden fees. PCI DSS compliant Meet all security requirements for all kinds of businesses Unlimited customization You’re not limited by our built-in functionality because we’re open-source Great Support Our team and our community is always here to help you For developers For store owners Testimonials If you are a .NET developer looking for an eCommerce platform you should consider nopCommerce. It is both a great extensible eCommerce platform and supports the latest versions of .NET Scott Hunter, Director of Program Management for the .NET Platform at Microsoft (USA) nopCommerce is a fantastic open-source, stable, and super extensible eCommerce platform based on cross-platform .NET Core! It's perfect for any size business. Scott Hanselman, Principal Community Architect, Microsoft (USA) Besides having a rich out-of-the-box functionality, the platform is also flexible in terms of additional customization and gives an opportunity to integrate with different corporate systems, which made it a perfect fit for us. Boris Kulaev, Head of eCommerce Harman RUS CIS Read case study With nopCommerce we are able to create the optimal eCommerce system according to our customer’s needs. The modern and sophisticated backend of nopCommerce allows fast and simple configuration of the shop. José Lopez, CEO of JMC Software AG (Switzerland) Play case study We like nopCommerce because it’s a platform with a very well-structured architecture that enables its modification greatly since it’s open-source. nopCommerce can be easily adapted to cover the needs of every one of our customers. Eduardo Adame, General Director of Tecnofin (Mexico) Play case study As a platform, nopCommerce supports us very well because the architecture is very good. We needed a secure, Microsoft-compatible solution for a customer that was multi-store capable and nopCommerce fitted this description best. Tobias Derucki, Managing Partner at Innovapps (Germany) View the testimonial I would recommend nopCommerce because it has an easy-to-use interface and you don’t have to be an IT-master to use it. You can be a marketing professional, create the content, manage the pricing and categories, and do it very easy. Dana Koman, Marketing Manager of TACO Metals (USA) View the testimonial Our clients View more clients Integrated with all services View all integrations Create a successful store with nopCommerce! Get started View demo Product Get started Store demo Showcase Case studies Features Why for developers Why for store owners Download Download nopCommerce Marketplace Translations Release notes Copyright removal key Mobile application Web API Microsoft Dynamics 365 License Support & services Training Documentation Community forums Premium support services Request a quote Community Contribute Certified developer program MVP program Blog Partners Solution partners Technology partners Recommended hosting Become a partner Company Advertise with us About us Contact us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2008-2025 nopCommerce. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Refund policy Terms & conditions - Recommended Hosting -