Skip to main content
Business
Personal
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get a Quote

POWERED BY

Caught in a password storm?
Clear the credential overload chaos

A password manager that lets you organize complex passwords, sync them across devices, and enhance overall security.

Get 26% Off Business
Get 56% Off Personal
Whether personal or business — stay protected
Personal

Securely store and access your personal passwords, credit cards, and documents from anywhere. NordPass makes it easy and safe.

Get Personal Plan
Business

Protect your company’s data by managing employee passwords, passkeys, and other sensitive information in one secure place.

Start Business Trial
Built for the challenges modern IT and security pros face 
See exactly what threat actors see

Get real-time alerts if your company’s credentials show up on the dark web and stop breach attempts before they reach your systems.

Give the right people the right access

Easily manage who has access to what and update permissions as roles shift without wasting precious time and resources.

Strengthen credentials to reduce risk

Enforce strong password rules and give every employee one secure place to store and share credentials safely whenever they need to.

Help your team work faster and smarter

Cut down tedious access and password reset requests and free up your team to focus on tasks that drive business value.

Trusted by 10,000+ businesses across the globe
Maintain full control over your credentials and ensure complete access oversight
Start Business Trial

No credit card required

Request Demo

Personalized session

How does NordPass help you stay secure and in control?
Data Breach Scanner

Get instant alerts if your company domains or email addresses appear on the dark web and take action before threat actors do.

Password Policies

Quickly apply bespoke, company-wide password rules to reduce weak credentials and minimize security and non-compliance risks.

Activity Log

Track every user action with full visibility and detailed audit trails to support compliance and incident response. 

Sharing Hub

Monitor and manage all shared credentials from one place to reduce credential sprawl and secure your organization as it scales.

Built-in Email Masking

Protect user identities by generating masked email aliases that reduce phishing risks during sign-ups.

Built-in Authenticator

Enable secure, frictionless logins from day one and remove reliance on third-party apps with our fully integrated 2FA feature.

Start Business Trial

No credit card required

Request Demo

Personalized session

Safeguard your data with industry-leading security standards
End-to-end encryption

NordPass encrypts all user data before it leaves the device so information stays private and your business stays compliant.

XChaCha20 algorithm

XChaCha20 is a fast, modern encryption algorithm that’s easy to implement and provides a more robust way to protect sensitive information.

Zero-knowledge architecture 

Only your users can see their encrypted credentials, ensuring that their data stays secure even if your network is compromised.

Bug bounty program

Ethical hackers continuously stress test our systems to give you confidence that vulnerabilities are found and fixed before they become problems.

Routine security audits

Regular third-party audits validate our practices, so you can trust our platform always meets the highest levels of security and compliance requirements.

Hosted on AWS

Our infrastructure runs on AWS, giving you built-in scalability, industry-standard compliance and an extremely high uptime.  

Instantly connect with the tools you already use

NordPass seamlessly integrates with all major identity providers and directories, so you can secure logins across your stack without changing the way you work.

Start Business Trial

No credit card required

Request Demo

Personalized session

Why choose NordPass?

Unlock seamless, cost-effective security with NordPass – a password management tool. No hidden paywalls, just straightforward protection. Streamline access management, simplify employee workflows, and experience effortless synchronization across devices with top-tier support.

 Security doesn't have to be complex

Ease of use

Easy to admin

Multi-device sync

Ease of setup

Quality of support

FIDO2-compliant

The information is derived from data comparisons published by G2 on 06/07/24. Visit G2 website www.g2.com for more information.

Great password manager that could dominate all others

NordPass provides a mostly seamless experience for everyday use, drastically simplifying account creation and login processes. It's very easy to get started and to implement this within a business. Use within a browser makes this incredibly simple to integrate into existing workflows for all employees and individuals.

Jonathan B.

Mid-Market (51-1000 emp.)

Passwords made simple

The simplicity of the platform and having the ability to securely store all my password information in a single place. It was easy to use and the customer support I received when onboarding was great.

Verified User in Hospital & Health Care

Enterprise (> 1000 emp.)

Saved time and peace of mind

We've saved so much time.

Being able to onboard new team members and provide them with instant access to all of the accounts that they need, without needing to share sensitive information has been incredibly useful.

The random password generator has been critical for us to make sure that we aren't re-using passwords.

Dennis D

Small-Business (50 or fewer emp.)

Read More
A multi-award-winning credential management leader you can count on
Protect employee credentials at every login

NordPass helps businesses safeguard employee logins with encrypted vaults, autofill, and breach monitoring - ensuring secure access, every time.

Starts from

$3.59per user/month
Start Business Trial

No credit card required

Request Demo

Personalized session

NORDPASS
Pricing
Personal
Family
Teams
IT Teams
Business
Enterprise
Features
PROGRAMS
Affiliate
Influencers
Partners
MSP
For Universities
For Nonprofits
RESOURCES
Blog
Passkeys
Most Common Passwords
Frequently forgotten passwords
Whitepaper
Case Study
Business Onboarding Hub
FREE TOOLS
Username Generator
Business Name Generator
Password Generator
Password Strength Checker
Data Breach Scanner
Password Sharer
COMPANY
About Us
Press Area
Careers
Help Center
Contact Us
DISCOVER
Nord Security
NordVPN
NordLayer
NordLocker
NordStellar
APPS

iOS

Android

Windows

macOS

Linux

Web vault

EXTENSIONS

Chrome

Firefox

Safari

Opera

Edge

Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (Business)
Terms of Service
Terms of Service (Business)
Cookie Preferences
DPA

© 2025 Nord Security. All Rights Reserved

Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Lietuvių