Nordcurrent Nordcurrent Games About Us For Developers Jobs News Support STORE Games About Us For Developers Jobs News Support STORE Games, loved by millions Let’s create them together Explore Featured Games Read More available on: For all murder mystery fans comes a new thrilling hidden object adventure! Read More available on: Cook delicious meals from all over the world! Read More available on: Take Cooking Fever to new heights with Airplane Chefs! Read More available on: Experience an isometric, narrative-driven stealth game set in the stunning city of Eriksholm. Read More available on: Make friends, trade and chat at the campfire Read More available on: Become the hero you REALLY don’t want to be! Read More available on: You will never feel safe, as danger is never far away. Read More available on: Retro-inspired action RPG with modern trimmings. Read More available on: Become the trendsetter in a modern world of fashion influencers! Read More available on: Fight your way to victory! Read More available on: Turn your hospital into an unstoppable healthcare juggernaut. Read More available on: It’s time for an extraordinary adventure! Read More available on: Compete with other players in a PvP time-management game! Read More available on: A twisted psychological thriller and an original story set in the SCP universe. Read More available on: Read More available on: View all games About Us We develop and publish casual games for smartphones, tablets, and PC/Mac computers. Established in 2002 in Vilnius, Lithuania, we also have development studios in Odesa, Dnipro, and Warsaw. We are all driven by our common mission to create world-class games, loved by millions of people. As a result, we prioritize quality and collaboration in our work. We put in time and effort to find the best ideas, develop the best concepts, and attend to every detail of a game to ensure that players have an amazing experience. We also respect, help each other, and work together in and across teams, all focused on the overall player experience rather than own individual performance. This is what makes us successful. Careers We are always looking for talented people to join our team on a mission to make the best games that would be enjoyed by players throughout the whole world! view open positions Nordcurrent is an international publisher and developer of casual games for smartphones, tablets and PC/Mac. Privacy / Terms & Conditions Press Contacts Support © All Rights reserved, Nordcurrent, 2025