Home - NORDUnet Skip to content News Services Services NORDUnet provides a wide range of services for the Nordic research and education community, both core network services, above-the-net services, and logistics-related services, both highly technical and non-technical in nature NORDUnet status page Open Tenders Network Services Media Management Real-Time Communication Live Stream Procurement Tenders Terms and conditions NORDUnet status page Open Tenders Network Network NORDUnet operate a global network that interconnects the research and education networks in the Nordic countries, and connect these network to the rest of the world. NORDUnet operate on behalf of the five Nordic NRENs. Open trouble tickets The NORDUnet Network GREN – Global Networking Network Operations Network Statistics Next Generation Network Initiatives Initiatives Science has always been international in scope. Research and education is increasingly a global effort, unfolding in partnerships with global stakeholders in global projects, using scientific instruments or teaching resources unrestricted by borders. Joint European Infrastructure Polar Connect Emerging NRENs In The Field stories Position Papers Zino – a research network state monitor Events Events NORDUnet Events range from workshops, bigger community gatherings to once every two years NORDUnet Conference. Apart from sharing knowledge people from the Nordic Research and Education community have the opportunity to meet and catch up. The number of participants keeps rising – underlining the importance of meeting in real life. Past Events: The NORDUnet Conference NDN2024 Nordic Community Workshop – NCW NCW2025 Polar Connect Webinar – September 2023 “AM” Upcoming: About About More than 400 research & education institutions in the Nordics, with over 1.2 million users, are connected via the Nordic NREN networks, enabling scientists, educators, and students to work and share knowledge globally. NORDUnet 40 years - publication NORDUnet 25 years - publication Board Team Strategy Annual reports IPR and Open Source CERT Privacy Policy Jobs and Career Contact About More than 400 research & education institutions in the Nordics, with over 1.2 million users, are connected via the Nordic NREN networks, enabling scientists, educators, and students to work and share knowledge globally. Read more>> NORDUnet 40 years - publication NORDUnet 25 years - publication Board Team Strategy Annual reports IPR and Open Source CERT Privacy Policy Jobs and Career Contact News Services Network Services Media Management Procurement Open Tenders Real-Time Communication Live Stream Terms and conditions NORDUnet Status Page Network The NORDUnet Network GREN – Global Networking Network Operations Network Statistics Open trouble tickets Initiatives Joint European Infrastructure Polar Connect Emerging NRENs Zino – a research network state monitor In The Field stories Position Papers Events NDN2026 Past Events NCW2025 NDN2024 NCW2023 NDN2022 The NORDUnet Conference​ Nordic Community Workshop – NCW Polar Connect Webinar September 2023 “AM” About Board Teams Strategy Annual reports IPR and Open Source CERT Privacy Policy Jobs and Career Contact Search News Services Services NORDUnet provides a wide range of services for the Nordic research and education community, both core network services, above-the-net services, and logistics-related services, both highly technical and non-technical in nature NORDUnet status page Open Tenders Network Services Media Management Real-Time Communication Live Stream Procurement Tenders Terms and conditions NORDUnet status page Open Tenders Network Network NORDUnet operate a global network that interconnects the research and education networks in the Nordic countries, and connect these network to the rest of the world. NORDUnet operate on behalf of the five Nordic NRENs. Open trouble tickets The NORDUnet Network GREN – Global Networking Network Operations Network Statistics Next Generation Network Initiatives Initiatives Science has always been international in scope. Research and education is increasingly a global effort, unfolding in partnerships with global stakeholders in global projects, using scientific instruments or teaching resources unrestricted by borders. Joint European Infrastructure Polar Connect Emerging NRENs In The Field stories Position Papers Zino – a research network state monitor Events Events NORDUnet Events range from workshops, bigger community gatherings to once every two years NORDUnet Conference. Apart from sharing knowledge people from the Nordic Research and Education community have the opportunity to meet and catch up. The number of participants keeps rising – underlining the importance of meeting in real life. Past Events: The NORDUnet Conference NDN2024 Nordic Community Workshop – NCW NCW2025 Polar Connect Webinar – September 2023 “AM” Upcoming: About About More than 400 research & education institutions in the Nordics, with over 1.2 million users, are connected via the Nordic NREN networks, enabling scientists, educators, and students to work and share knowledge globally. NORDUnet 40 years - publication NORDUnet 25 years - publication Board Team Strategy Annual reports IPR and Open Source CERT Privacy Policy Jobs and Career Contact About More than 400 research & education institutions in the Nordics, with over 1.2 million users, are connected via the Nordic NREN networks, enabling scientists, educators, and students to work and share knowledge globally. Read more>> NORDUnet 40 years - publication NORDUnet 25 years - publication Board Team Strategy Annual reports IPR and Open Source CERT Privacy Policy Jobs and Career Contact Search A voice for Nordic values in international negotiations The five Nordic countries – Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden – jointly have a population of 27 million people, and the region constitutes the 12th largest economy in the world. 


While no less than nine official languages exist in the region as well as a variety of cultural differences, the Nordic countries nevertheless share a core set of values. When international connectivity for the research and education community is the topic, indispensable Nordic values will always be transparency, fairness, and protection of privacy. Read more Connectivity for +400 Nordic institutions NORDUnet operates a world-class network supplying connectivity between the national research and education networks (NRENs) of the five Nordic countries. More than 400 research and education institutions in the Nordics, with over 1.2 million users, are connected. The NORDUnet network is based on high-speed, high-capacity fiber links and spectrum sharing. Building the network is a never-ending process. Large-scale research facilities produce still heavier data sets, while international scientific collaborations become ever more active. Read More At the service of the Nordic research & education community Imagine if scientists and teachers were to call a local telecom provider to get more bandwidth, every time they wanted to launch a new project. This would be a huge waste of both taxpayer money and the time of the people involved. Instead, public research and education institutions have their own data centers, and these are connected through national research and education networks (NRENs). Read more A voice for Nordic values in international negotiations The five Nordic countries – Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden – jointly have a population of 27 million people, and the region constitutes the 12th largest economy in the world. 


While no less than nine official languages exist in the region as well as a variety of cultural differences, the Nordic countries nevertheless share a core set of values. When international connectivity for the research and education community is the topic, indispensable Nordic values will always be transparency, fairness, and protection of privacy. Read more Connectivity for +400 Nordic institutions NORDUnet operates a world-class network supplying connectivity between the national research and education networks (NRENs) of the five Nordic countries. More than 400 research and education institutions in the Nordics, with over 1.2 million users, are connected. The NORDUnet network is based on high-speed, high-capacity fiber links and spectrum sharing. Building the network is a never-ending process. Large-scale research facilities produce still heavier data sets, while international scientific collaborations become ever more active. Read More At the service of the Nordic research & education community Imagine if scientists and teachers were to call a local telecom provider to get more bandwidth, every time they wanted to launch a new project. This would be a huge waste of both taxpayer money and the time of the people involved. Instead, public research and education institutions have their own data centers, and these are connected through national research and education networks (NRENs). Read more Featured News Strong contribution to global resilience - FUJI XP Read more Connecting Iceland A new subsea circuit to Ireland and upgrade of existing connections safeguard digital sovereignty of Icelandic research and education collaborations. Read more Vision 2030 "Vision 2030: A Resilient Submarine Cable System through the Arctic equipped with Sensing – The Importance and the Opportunities,” 
was published in January 2024 by NORDUnet. Visit The Nordic NRENs Visit Visit Visit Visit Visit NORDUnet A/S – Kastruplundgade 22 DK – 2770 Kastrup DENMARK Phone +45 32 46 25 00 | Mail info@nordu.net | Privacy policy Cookies We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 12 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT