Norid – Runs the registry for Norwegian domain names Want to become a registrar, or looking for technical information? NO / EN Search for: Norsk / English Search for: Norid AS Abels gt. 5, Teknobyen Phone +47 73 55 73 55 Email info@norid.no New domain name Who can hold a domain name Order a domain name Terms and conditions Find available domain name Find a registrar About registrars Create a personal ID Starting a business? Your domain names Find your information Update contact information Transfer a domain name Cancel the subscription Find your registrar Change registrar Domain subscription Problems with the subscription Domain name conflicts Domain name complaints Illegal content online Domain conflicts in the legal system Advice for authorities About domain names Terms and conditions How the domain name system works Statistics Guides .no or another top-level domain? Domain lookup Find an available domain name Who holds the domain name? Find a domain name registered to an organization number New website or email? Then you must have a domain name Note: Javascript is turned off or not supported by your browser. The domain search works best if javascript is turned on. Check Domain lookup Find domain names, domain name subscribers and providers for a domain name Statistics Statistics about the Norwegian domain market Create a personal-ID Create a personal-ID to use when ordering a domain name Rights and obligations Rights to domain names, obligations as a domain name subscriber Illegal content What do you do if you come across illegal content online Articles About regulations that concerns Norid and domain names Internet forum 2025 – Digital fragmentation Is our digital foundation fit for the future? This year's Internet Forum will highlight the importance of robustness, openness, and cooperation in an increasingly fragmented digital world. Will we be able to come together to solve the challenges of the future under the changed framework conditions? Read more about the program and register now! [Norwegian only] News The internet forum About Norid FAQ Cookies on norid.no Privacy policy Site map RSS Contact us Email info@norid.no Mail Postboks 4769 Torgarden NO–7465 TRONDHEIM Packages Abels gt. 5, 3. etasje NO–7030 TRONDHEIM Address Abels gt. 5, Teknobyen Phone +47 73 55 73 55 Mon–Fri, 9 am–3 pm (Phone: 10 am–2 pm) Norid AS – org.nr. 985 821 585