Northwest University Skip Navigation Request Info Apply Now Give to NU Admissions Campus Admission (Undergrad) Online Admission Graduate Admission Northwest Partnership Program International Students Summer Journey for High Schoolers Concurrent Credit Re-admit or Change Campus Request Information Apply Now Campus Visits and Info Sessions Academics College of Arts, Sciences, and Technology College of Ministry College of Health Sciences School of Nursing School of PA Medicine College of Professional Studies School of Business School of Education Center for Leadership Studies College of Social and Behavioral Sciences Creatio Center for Technology, Media, and Design Accelerated Bachelor’s to Master’s Career Readiness Honors Program Registrar and Transcripts Academic Catalog Faculty Financial Aid Financial Aid Home Scholarships Undergraduate Graduate Online Undergraduate Online Graduate Northwest Partnership Program Veterans/Tuition Assistance Glossary of Terms Cost Information Campus Life Life at NU Campus Tour Campus Ministries Student Housing NU Library Eagle Store NU Blog NU Calendar Athletics Men's Basketball Cross Country Soccer Track & Field Women's Basketball Cross Country Soccer Track & Field Volleyball Give Give Now Learn About Giving President’s Banquet Endowed Scholarships Alumni I am a Prospective Student Transfer Student Homeschooled Student International Student Current Student Alumni Donor Parent Veteran / Active Duty About About Northwest University Campus Locations Office of the President Upcoming Events Student Consumer Information Student Success Conference and Event Services Pay My Bill Job Opportunities Contact Us Search Incoming First Year Students: Application Deadline for Fall 2026 is Jan 15. Apply Today We Have Two Words For Students of Faith: Welcome Home . Northwest is a top-rated private Christian university that sits on 56 acres in one of the most vibrant and safe communities in the Pacific Northwest—Kirkland, WA. We are surrounded by world-class amenities, natural beauty, and companies that have changed the world. But what truly sets us apart is a rigorous collegiate experience where hearts are united in our love for Christ, for learning, and for each other. Any university can help you pursue knowledge. Why not choose one that can also help you pursue a more abundant life? Undergraduate Admissions Academic Programs Whether seeking a bachelor’s, master’s, or doctoral degree, you will discover a university that is rare in today’s world: One where students can grow in character, in careers, and in Christ. On-campus Undergraduate On-campus Graduate Anytime/Anywhere Online Programs Find Your Major or Program - Select - BA and BS in Computer Science BA and BS in Video Game Design Bachelor of Arts in Audio Production Bachelor of Arts in Biblical and Theological Studies Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies Bachelor of Arts in Design Bachelor of Arts in Educational Studies Bachelor of Arts in English Bachelor of Arts in Exercise Science Bachelor of Arts in Film Production Bachelor of Arts in Intercultural Studies Bachelor of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies Bachelor of Arts in Management Bachelor of Arts in Marketing Bachelor of Arts in Music Production Bachelor of Arts in Pastoral Ministries Bachelor of Arts in Psychology Bachelor of Arts in Worship and Music Studies Bachelor of Arts in Youth, Children, and Family Ministries Bachelor of Science in Biology Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science Bachelor of Science in Human-Centered Design Bachelor of Science in Nursing Doctor of Education (EdD) in Organizational Leadership Doctor of Psychology in Counseling Psychology PhD in Organizational Leadership Master in Teaching Master of Arts in Clinical Mental Health Counseling Master of Arts in Ministry Leadership and Theology Master of Business Administration Master of Science in Information Technology Management Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies Graduate Certificate in Christian Leadership Online Master of Arts in Clinical Mental Health Counseling Online Bachelor of Arts in Business Management Online Bachelor of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies Online Bachelor of Arts in Ministry Leadership Online Bachelor of Arts in Organizational Leadership Online Bachelor of Arts in Psychology Online Associate in Arts Online Associate in Ministry Leadership Online Certificate in Ministry Leadership Go Northwest University The Inauguration of President Jeremy Johnson On November 19, the Northwest community gathered in gratitude, expectation, and praise as we welcomed a new season of leadership and celebrated the inauguration of President Johnson. Experience the moment Dr. Johnson officially became the 7 th President of Northwest University in this short Instagram video . If you couldn’t attend in person, you can watch the full inauguration ceremony . Jesus First. Jesus Always. Why Study In a Jesus-First Community? To learn in a vibrant academic community that encourages your faith. To experience a university that nurtures your mind and your soul. To discover your unique divine calling and transform it into a career. To be taught by caring professors who encourage your love for Christ. To be shaped by experiences and people you will never forget. National Recognition for Northwest University Best Regional Universities” – U.S. News & World Report Best Christian Institution, WA” – Intelligence.com Top 10 Best Value Schools” – U.S. News & World Report Top 50 Christian College in U.S.” – Niche.com People’s Choice Gold Winner: Best Colleges” – Seattle Times Best of the Northwest Request Information Apply Now Northwest University Alumni Spotlight Congratulations to NU alumna Leanna Crawford , winner of New Artist of the Year at the 2025 Dove Awards! From NU’s classrooms to Christian music’s biggest stage, her story is one of faith, creativity, and purpose. Learn More The Anatomage Table is the most technologically advanced 3D anatomy visualization and virtual dissection tool. It is being adopted by many of the world’s leading medical schools and is among the tools you’ll find in use at Northwest University. The College of Health Professions Great Health Care Careers Built Here Health care is one of the fastest growing sectors in the economy today. If you’re looking for a career that will grow with it, we offer several proven paths. Whether you seek nursing, exercise science, pre-med, counseling, or our upcoming Physician Assistant graduate program, we offer a fully accredited education in a supportive environment that welcomes your love for Jesus and equips you to serve others with compassion and expertise. Health Care Programs: Nursing / Exercise Science / Psychology / Mental Health Counseling / Physician Assistant Studies / Doctor of Psychology BA in Music Production Turn Your Love for Music into a Career Study in one of the Pacific Northwest’s only four-year, accredited recording arts programs. Experience hands-on training with state-of-the-art studios and gear—the same used by industry pros. Learn from accomplished experts, including a two-time Grammy-winning producer. Best of all, you’ll grow your faith in a Christ-centered community that nurtures both your craft and your calling. Learn more Did You Know? 100% of our majors offer real-world internships 90% of NU graduates say their faith grew 93% of NU graduates say they were prepared well for their career 94% of NU students found jobs or entered a graduate program within 6 months of graduation Latest Posts BA vs. BS in Exercise Science: Which Path Is Right for You? Read More EdD vs PhD in Organizational Leadership | Which Doctorate Is Right for You? Read More Can I Work Full-Time While Earning a Doctorate in Organizational Leadership? Read More Is a PhD in Organizational Leadership Worth It? Read More Northwest University Blog Northwest University Publications For Prospective Students Pursuit Magazine For Friends and Alumni Northwest Passages How Can We Best Serve You? Find Your Major Schedule a Visit Apply Today © 2025 Northwest University .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) · Privacy Policy Northwest University admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally afforded or made available to students at the university. Northwest does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, national and ethnic origin, age, disability, or status as a veteran in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, or scholarship and loan programs and athletic and other school-administered programs.