News
Bergen
Sports
HS Sports
Real Estate
Advertise
Obituaries
eNewspaper
Legals
Smoke condition temporarily closes Ridgewood restaurant
Passaic New Year's Eve party will come with patriotic twist this year
Top 40 power players in North Jersey high school sports entering 2026
Stroller contents lead to theft charge at Garden State Plaza
Need glasses, PT, a Texas Weiner? Try these new NJ spots
Here are the big changes for NJ residents filing taxes in 2026
Demarest faces developer in court over plan to build on historic site
Watch Now
Read (201) Magazine
(201) Stories       
Digital Magazine       
Get it mailed to you       
More Stories
2026 is almost here! How to watch the iconic ball drop…
New Year's Eve 2025 menus and festivities at North…
Here's a rundown of Port Authority's 2026 toll, fare and…
What makes the Best of Bergen poll great after 20 years…
Your ultimate guide: Our big list of holiday things to…
Vote for your favorites in (201) Magazine's Best of…
11 food-centric holiday markets to visit this holiday…
A guide to North Jersey and NYC's ice skating rinks for…
Our best guide to North Jersey downtowns for any holiday…
Best holiday light displays in North Jersey? We've got a…
Giants are Jaxson Dart's team and that must resonate for…
VOTE: What was the best North Jersey HS sports moment of…
Shopping
Amazon's New Year shop is live! Save on fitness gear, home upgrades 
Plan 2026 with the new Disney Mickey Mouse drop from Happy Journal 
Get your Bears vs. Lions NFL Week 18 tickets now 
News
Need glasses, PT, a Texas Weiner? Try these new NJ spots 
Here are the big changes for NJ residents filing taxes in 2026 
New Jersey state parks to host First Day Hikes for 250th anniversary 
Sports
Giants are Jaxson Dart's team and that must resonate for the franchise 
As Rutgers basketball enters Big Ten gauntlet, 5 areas for improvement 
Giants can scratch one potential head coaching candidate off their list 
Entertainment
Popular Ridgewood deli closes after 65 years. What's next? 
2026 is almost here! How to watch the iconic ball drop in Times Square 
New Year's Eve 2025 menus and festivities at North Jersey restaurants 
Business
Real estate predictions for 2026: What to expect in the new year 
These were North Jersey's 10 most expensive home sales in 2025 
TikTok signs deal to sell US unit to American investor-led venture 
Opinion
Bruce Springsteen's 'Nebraska' still haunts in Trump's America 
How America's favorite snacks became Gas Station Heroin 
Nicole Avena 
Meet NJ's native evergreens | Opinion 
Alison Mitchell 
Trending
Video shows aftermath of fatal crash involving Anthony Joshua 
$400k worth of lobster meat poached in seafood heist 
Helicopter shown plummeting from sky in New Jersey; 2 pilots dead 
Featured Gallery
Extra, Extra
Local Holiday Lights       
Vote Today!       
Enter Today!       
More in Contests
Giants can scratch one potential head coaching candidate off their list
Here are the big changes for NJ residents filing taxes in 2026
Former Paterson police officer files suit against city, mayor, others
Demarest faces developer in court over plan to build on historic site
Former Sen. Bob Menendez didn't have a good year. 2026 won't be better
This Bergen native is the most famous artist you've never heard of
Need glasses, PT, a Texas Weiner? Try these new NJ spots
North Jersey high school box scores for Dec. 29
© 2025 www.northjersey.com. All rights reserved.