Powering Digital Freedom for people everywhere | Gen™ Gen™ About Us Our Brands News & Blogs Life@Gen Partner Our story Explore how we blend our rich expertise with technology to protect people from potential, real and future digital threats. Leadership Our leadership team fosters a culture of innovation to unlock new possibilities Investor How we’re driving organic sustainable growth​. Social Impact Bringing positive change to the communities all around us Digital education and training Data privacy and protection Inclusion and belonging​ Volunteering & giving Environment Social Impact Report Bringing positive change to the communities all around us Public Policy Developing and implementing effective public policy to promote Cyber Safety. Watchtower Research, alerts, and expert insights to help people live freely online. Family of Brands Gen is a global company powering Digital Freedom with a family of trusted consumer brands including Norton, Avast, LifeLock, MoneyLion, Avira, AVG, CCleaner, GOBankingRates and ReputationDefender. #1 Trusted leader in antivirus software and cyber security solutions worldwide. Free antivirus and cybersecurity protection with award-winning online security. Free antivirus and cybersecurity protection with award-winning online security. Finance app with personal loans, online banking tools, and money management. Free antivirus pioneer offering internet security software and online safety. Free antivirus, software protection, and cybersecurity app for every device. System optimization software and system cleaner for faster, safer devices. Personal finance resource with financial planning tips and money management. Online reputation management and personal reputation services you can trust. News Get the scoop on the latest Gen news and stories Blogs Views, tips and insights brought to you by the Gen team Press releases Gen Threat Labs Calls it "The Year the Internet Outgrows Human Intuition" Dec 9, 2025 MoneyLion Hosts Holiday Heist Giveaway to Help Make the Season Merrier for 50 People Dec 5, 2025 Gen to Present at the Barclays Global Technology Conference Dec 4, 2025 Life@Gen Find out what makes Gen such a fulfilling place to work Our Values What are the values of Gen? Watch our YouTube video and see what we stand for Learn@Gen The programs and always-on learning that help our employees grow Benefits How we reward our own Join Us Ready to help today's and tomorrow's generations take control of their digital lives? Partner with Gen A trusted digital protection partner for employers, brokers, resellers and operators. Breach Response Fast, effective response to help minimize the fallout of a data breach Experiencing a breach? Call (844) 698-8647 Employee Benefits Benefit plans that protect both your clients and employees Brokers Employers Service Providers Diversify your services with products from recognized Cyber Safety brands Financial Services Telco Providers Insurance Providers Resellers Make it rewarding to sell award-winning Norton products and services Retail & eTail Norton Empower Engine by Gen Category-leading embedded finance market platform Resources The latest news and updates in cybersecurity US/EN CA/EN Open Navigation Close menu About Us Our Brands News & Blogs Life@Gen Partner Region / Language: US/EN CA/EN Back Close menu Our story Explore how we blend our rich expertise with technology to protect people from potential, real and future digital threats. Leadership Our leadership team fosters a culture of innovation to unlock new possibilities Investor How we’re driving organic sustainable growth​. Social Impact Bringing positive change to the communities all around us Digital education and training Data privacy and protection Inclusion and belonging​ Volunteering & giving Environment Social Impact Report Bringing positive change to the communities all around us Public Policy Developing and implementing effective public policy to promote Cyber Safety. Watchtower Research, alerts, and expert insights to help people live freely online. Back Close menu Family of Brands Gen is a global company powering Digital Freedom with a family of trusted consumer brands including Norton, Avast, LifeLock, MoneyLion, Avira, AVG, CCleaner, GOBankingRates and ReputationDefender. #1 Trusted leader in antivirus software and cyber security solutions worldwide. Free antivirus and cybersecurity protection with award-winning online security. Free antivirus and cybersecurity protection with award-winning online security. Finance app with personal loans, online banking tools, and money management. Free antivirus pioneer offering internet security software and online safety. Free antivirus, software protection, and cybersecurity app for every device. System optimization software and system cleaner for faster, safer devices. Personal finance resource with financial planning tips and money management. Online reputation management and personal reputation services you can trust. Back Close menu News Get the scoop on the latest Gen news and stories Blogs Views, tips and insights brought to you by the Gen team Press releases Gen Threat Labs Calls it "The Year the Internet Outgrows Human Intuition" Dec 9, 2025 MoneyLion Hosts Holiday Heist Giveaway to Help Make the Season Merrier for 50 People Dec 5, 2025 Gen to Present at the Barclays Global Technology Conference Dec 4, 2025 Back Close menu Life@Gen Find out what makes Gen such a fulfilling place to work Our Values What are the values of Gen? Watch our YouTube video and see what we stand for Learn@Gen The programs and always-on learning that help our employees grow Benefits How we reward our own Join Us Ready to help today's and tomorrow's generations take control of their digital lives? Back Close menu Partner with Gen A trusted digital protection partner for employers, brokers, resellers and operators. Breach Response Fast, effective response to help minimize the fallout of a data breach Experiencing a breach? Call (844) 698-8647 Employee Benefits Benefit plans that protect both your clients and employees Brokers Employers Service Providers Diversify your services with products from recognized Cyber Safety brands Financial Services Telco Providers Insurance Providers Resellers Make it rewarding to sell award-winning Norton products and services Retail & eTail Norton Empower Engine by Gen Category-leading embedded finance market platform Resources The latest news and updates in cybersecurity Powering Digital Freedom Go to main content Our family of trusted consumer brands protects nearly 500M users worldwide. Generation Digital is here: 5 Billion people living life online. Explore the innovative power, safety and freedom we bring your digital world today. Learn how we do it Close Video Close Video Gen is a family of trusted brands built for the next generation of digital life. Our customers’ needs are front and center to Gen’s mission. So, as a global leader in Cyber Safety, we focus our passion, research and innovation on critical problems facing society, today and tomorrow. ​ We do this by harnessing the power of our consumer brands, powerful AI, and deep visibility into broad insights to protect millions of people everywhere. ​ ​ Read our story ~500 M global users 150+ countries in which we operate Dual Headquarters in Tempe, Arizona, United States and Prague, Czech Republic A family of consumer brands Market leaders. Award winners. Digital protection pioneers. Our family of consumer brands are trusted by millions of customers, all over the world. ​ Learn about our brands Norton Avast LifeLock MoneyLion Norton is the #1 top-of-mind Cyber Safety brand globally Norton empowers individuals and families with award-winning protection for their devices, online privacy, and identity. Millions of customers trust Norton with their personal information around the globe. 3,600 cyberthreats blocked on average every minute. 4 decades of consumer cybersecurity experience. 56x PCMag Editors’ Choice winner. Go to Norton.com Avast is a global leader in digital security , privacy , and identity Avast helps protect millions of users from online threats with a threat detection network that is among the most advanced in the world, using machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies to detect and stop threats in real time. Avast products and services are top-ranked and certified by industry experts. ​ 30+ years of experience in digital security. 12.7M+ malware attacks detected on mobile devices on average per year.​ 7.5B+ total cyberattacks blocked in 2024.​ Go to Avast.com LifeLock pioneered identity theft protection LifeLock is a leader in identity theft protection in the U.S. LifeLock detects * and alerts people to possible identity threats, and its dedicated Identity Restoration Specialists help people restore their identity if they do become a victim. Millions of customers trust LifeLock to help protect their identities. ​ #1†​ Most trusted brand in the U.S. for identity theft protection.​ Up to $1M‡​ protection package in every plan. 81M+ Identity Theft Protection alerts and notifications were sent in 2024. Go to LifeLock.com Empowering Financial Wellness with MoneyLion MoneyLion is a leading digital financial platform helping millions of Americans take control of their money. With innovative tools like Instacash, RoarMoney, and Credit Builder Plus, MoneyLion is redefining how consumers save, spend, borrow, and invest—all from one app. 10+ years served with a mission to provide accessible, personalized financial products to everyone. 18M+ users served since launch. $1B+ in transaction volume processed through the MoneyLion platform. Your business buddy Gen is a trusted partner to many leading institutions, across multiple industries. Through our family of trusted consumer brands we offer solutions in breach response, employee benefits, identity protection, security and privacy. Find out how we can future-proof your business, employee and customer relationships. Partner with us We’re proud of our awards From ethical business practices and a thriving company culture, to our high levels of customer service, we’re recognized by industry experts. A year of meaningful impact ​ Discover the stories, innovations and collaborations that helped us create change in communities around the world. ​ Download Report Grow your career with us We're always looking for smart, fearless and dedicated people to join the global Gen family. Want to help today’s and tomorrow’s generations take control of their digital lives? Discover Life@Gen Latest News and Stories Company News Insights Community December 9, 2025 Gen Threat Labs Calls it "The Year the Internet Outgrows Human Intuition" December 5, 2025 MoneyLion Hosts Holiday Heist Giveaway to Help Make the Season Merrier for 50 People December 4, 2025 Gen to Present at the Barclays Global Technology Conference December 2, 2025 Norton Neo, The World's First Safe AI-Native Browser, Now Available for Free Worldwide Previous Next Press releases Joining the global anti-scam alliance AI at Gen: Unpacking what AI means for people, cybersecurity and our company How Gen is committed to bridging the global cybersecurity skills gap Supercharging Young People to Meet Global Challenges Powering Smarter Hiring Decisions with Verifiable Credentials Gen Becomes Master Partner of mDevCamp 2024 Defeating AuraStealer: Practical Deobfuscation Workflows for Modern Infostealers GhostPairing Attacks: from phone number to full access in WhatsApp Holiday scams: How fraudsters exploit the shopping season and how to stay safe Alliances of convenience: How APTs are beginning to work together DPRK’s Playbook: Kimsuky’s HttpTroy and Lazarus’s New BLINDINGCAN Variant VibeScams: How AI website builders are shaping the internet Celebrating Three Years of Giving@Gen A Safe and Scam-Free Holiday Season From classrooms to chatrooms: how students can avoid online scams and identity theft Shaping the Future of AI Easy-to-Use Digital Safety Tips Team Gen turns their passions into purpose *LifeLock does not monitor all transactions at all businesses.​ † Based on Gen™ Brand Tracker, February 2024.​ ‡ Up to $1 million for coverage for lawyers and experts, collectively, if needed, for all plans. Reimbursement and Expense Compensation, each with limits of up to $1 million for Ultimate Plus, up to $100,000 for Advantage and up to $25,000 for Standard. Benefits under the Master Policy are issued and covered by third party insurance companies.​ § Data based on an online survey of 1502 adults in Germany conducted by Walnut Unlimited on behalf of Gen™, October 2024 - January 2025. Technology solutions for the next generation of digital life. US/EN CA/EN About Gen Gen (NASDAQ: GEN) is a global company dedicated to powering Digital Freedom through its trusted consumer brands including Norton, Avast, LifeLock, MoneyLion and more. Gen brings award-winning products and services in cybersecurity, online privacy, identity protection and financial wellness to nearly 500 million users in more than 150 countries. Our story Join our team We're always looking for smart, fearless and dedicated people to join Gen. Our global workforce has dual headquarters in Prague, Czech Republic and Tempe, Arizona, USA. Ready to help today's and tomorrow's generations take control of their digital lives? Life@Gen Legal Procurement Privacy Center Cookie Policy Accessibility Policy Contact Us Privacy Settings US/EN CA/EN Copyright © Gen Digital Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, service marks, and tradenames (collectively, the “Marks”) are trademarks or registered trademarks of Gen Digital Inc. or its affiliates (“Gen”) or other respective owners that have granted Gen the right to use such Marks. For a list of Gen Marks, please see GenDigital.com/trademarks. ​ Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Threads