PLATFORM
INTEGRATIONS
WHY NOSTO
PARTNERS
RESOURCES
COMPANY
NEW
Login
Get a demo
EN

Nosto launches new agentic features for personalization, powered by Huginn

AI personalization for
ecommerce
Drive sales, foster loyalty, and make every shopping experience memorable with our integrated suite of AI-powered ecommerce personalization, search, and merchandising solutions.
Book a demo
Explore the platform
Turn ecommerce data into revenue

An AI-powered on-site Commerce Experience Platform to guide, convert, and delight every shopper.

Predictive Product Recommendations

Help shoppers discover what they'll love at the right moment, using real-time behavioral data and Predictive AI to increase conversions, basket size, and retention.

Explore Product Recommendations
On-site Search Personalization

AI-powered ecommerce search that understands intent and delivers hyper-relevant, personalized results to boost conversions.

More about personalized search
Category Merchandising

Automate category page merchandising using smart rules based on product performance metrics, attributes, and individual shopper preferences, saving time and boosting results.

More about Category Merchandising
Introducing agentic AI commerce experiences

Boost results and ease workload with Huginn, our AI agent that operates 24/7 to uncover revenue opportunities, answer strategic questions, and enhance every customer interaction.

Prepare your brand for agentic commerce with AI that amplifies search, merchandising, personalization, and A/B testing while connecting to your preferred tools.

Explore Agentic personalization
Helping our customers succeed
Utility and flexibility
with Nosto

The ability to schedule content ahead of time has really helped our team keep up with our busy marketing calendar. Placing content wherever we need in our template has helped us avoid additional development hours.

Exceptional support and a user-friendly experience

We’ve been using Nosto for some time now and love it! Not only have they done a great job of setting up our recommendations for us but their team is so friendly and helpful.

Great tool with which I feel I have endless possibilities

I can quickly and easily manipulate content and set up A/B tests. It is easy to handle. The category merchandising also works wonderfully and has given our customers a better shopping experience.

Revenue-generating commerce experiences
Product Recommendations

How AI-powered personalization generates 9% of Marc Jacobs’ online revenue. By implementing Nosto’s AI personalization across the site and email, Marc Jacobs made its ecommerce experience smarter, faster, and more aligned with shopper intent.

Personalized Search & AB testing

"A/B testing empowered us to make data-driven decisions that directly impacted our conversion rate. By experimenting with personalization and tailored experiences, we were able to fine-tune our approach and deliver more relevant products for the customer." Shabnam Yosefzay, Digital Visual Merchandiser, O'Neill

Search & Merchandising

“Search is no longer a black box for us. Nosto lets us quickly tune what shows up and why based on real performance.” Rebecca Armstrong, Director of Ecommerce

Post-Purchase Upsell

“We’re not only seeing better results with Nosto, but our prior pain points have also been eliminated. We can now make product offers highly personalized to each user and have full control over when they’re displayed.” Eryn Dunn, Ecommerce Manager at JENNY BIRD

All Case Studies
9%
of online revenue generated through AI-powered personalization
43%
Increase in conversion rate
3.65x
More conversions
+58%
AOV
Integrations
that support
your tech stack

Seamless integrations with top commerce platforms and technologies to accelerate implementation and drive value without disrupting your stack.

Commerce Platforms
Commerce Technologies
Why 1,500+ global brands choose us
for commerce experience
Intent-rich data

For powerful personalization, search, and merchandising experiences at every stage

Effortless onboarding

Speedy set up via API or pre-built templates to reduce time to value and get you more revenue, quicker

Advanced AI

Balance automation and control with cutting-edge AI and machine learning technologies

Turnkey solutions

Professional services and turnkey solutions to help
you scale your commerce campaigns with ease

Built for commerce

An intuitive UI and out-of-the-box commerce features means you can execute without depending on IT

Simplifies your tech stack

Platform of experience management tools that
grow with you—take what you need to get started

No site speed impact

Designed and built so you can access powerful tools that leave no negative impact on your site speed

Secure + compliant

Security and privacy features, coupled with extensive integrations, make our CXP the choice for enterprise

Meet Huginn: your AI agent for commerce experiences.

It coordinates a network of purpose-built AI agents that work autonomously to expand your team’s capacity, boost efficiency, and elevate customer experiences.

Learn more

Book a demo with
our team

Make all your commerce experiences personalized and memorable. Book a demo with our commerce experience team today and see how we can help.
Get a demo
Newsletter

We produce lots of commerce experience content, run great events, and send subscribers useful CXP tips and tricks. If you want in on all that, feel free to sign up!

Subscribe
 
 
CONTACT
LEGAL CENTER
BOOK A DEMO
This site uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies Reject All
Cookies Settings