The smart notebook for worldbuilders - Notebook.ai Sign in Sign up Notebook.ai About arrow_drop_down book Notebook.ai for writers book Notebook.ai for roleplayers language Universes group Characters terrain Locations emoji_events Items business Buildings bubble_chart Conditions explore Continents flag Countries pets Creatures ac_unit Deities eco Floras fastfood Foods account_balance Governments wc Groups work Jobs location_on Landmarks forum Languages book Lores flash_on Magics public Planets face Races brightness_7 Religions local_movies Scenes school Schools sports_volleyball Sports router Technologies location_city Towns today Traditions drive_eta Vehicles The smart notebook for worldbuilders. Notebook.ai grows with your ideas and collaborates with you. Try it for free Start worldbuilding now. No card needed. create For writers Authors use Notebook.ai to create rich, immersive worlds for their novels, stories, and plays. Learn more gavel For roleplayers Dungeon masters use Notebook.ai to build worlds for their campaigns and share them with players. Learn more Create rich worlds with your free worldbuilding notebook With a free account, you'll have access to the core building blocks of fictional universes (characters, locations, and items), personalized writing prompts set 
          in your world, unlimited document storage, access to a thriving community of other worldbuilders, and more. Create universes Track multiple stories at once by organizing your ideas into just the universe they belong in. Create characters From your heroes to the little guys, each character plays an important role in your story. Create locations From magical mountains to urban modern settings, locations are the lifeblood of worldbuilding. Create items Books, weapons, artifacts, and other items: track who made them, who owns them, and more. face Deeper characters Get to know your characters. Track every detail of their thoughts, appearance, family, and personality. public Richer worlds Immerse yourself in vibrant worlds with specialized notebook pages for your countries, cities, landmarks, and more. list Organizable Focus on one universe at a time and automatically filter everything else out. Reorganize, sort, and write freely. group Brainstorm together Invite anyone to review any pages you decide to share. Sometimes a second set of eyes makes all the difference. cloud Backed up forever Never lose a notebook full of priceless ideas again. Notebook.ai backs up and protects your work. security No ads, ever Rest easy knowing your notebook is safe and completely private by default, but shareable if you choose. Write smarter with integrated novel-writing software Cross-reference notebook pages and documents you write to build a rich network of connections that makes your world feel
          like a wiki that manages itself. bubble_chart Promotes creativity Notebook.ai helps flesh out your ideas by asking you questions about the pages you create. assignment_turned_in Continuity checks When every little fact is stored in one place, you can rest easy knowing you won't accidentally contradict yourself. search Searchable Quickly find anything, anywhere — even that random thought you jotted down at 3am two years ago. schedule Write faster Use the built-in document editor to reference any aspect of any page in your notebook without losing your momentum. bar_chart Write better Analyze your writing with a world-class artificial intelligence that measures readability, style, emotion, and more. settings_ethernet Grows with you Plan as much as you want in your notebook — for life. The only limits here are your imagination. Go the extra mile with premium notebook pages Notebook.ai's free tier was intentionally designed to be enough for most worlds, but if you want to support the site and
            take your worldbuilding to a new level, a premium subscription is available that unlocks
            25 additional page templates to use. Each template is customizable and
            comes with its own set of writing prompts. Create creatures Your personal bestiary includes the wildlife, critters, merfolk, and other interesting beings of your world. Create floras Paint your landscape with rich flora like plants, flowers, trees, and other nature. Create planets Celestial bodies orbiting through space, carrying a planet's-worth of worldbuilding opportunities. Create continents Underneath our feet, continents form the base and borders our worlds are built upon. Create countries Kingdoms, countries, regions: you decide what international borders look like in your story. Create landmarks From the smallest statue to the biggest mountain, landmarks can play important roles, too. Create towns Towns can both unite and divide your characters. Keep track of what makes your towns unique. Create buildings Fill your towns with stores, offices, historical buildings, and residences for your characters. Create schools From Hogwarts to Walkerville to Brakebills, schools educate every new generation in our worlds. Create jobs Jobs build worlds. How do your characters make a living? What skills are the most in-demand? Create technologies Create your gadgets, gizmos, and all kinds of advanced (or primitive) technologies. Create lores Track every kind of story within your world, from modern anecdotes to ancient legends. Create vehicles Vehicles come in many shapes and sizes: cars, boats, spaceships — or something completely new. Create conditions Conditions affect your characters for better or for worse. Create diseases, blessings, and more. Create races Humans can be joined by elves, orcs, werewolves, vampires, dragons, and many other races. Create deities Gods, goddesses, and other godly beings in your world — every world came from somewhere. Create religions Organizing your world's beliefs into cohesive religions can lead to a more epic world for your readers. Create magic A source of magic often creates a multitude of spells, potions, and occasional trinkets. Create governments The organizations of your world that keep it running smoothly — or not! Create groups Bundle your characters, locations, items, and other ideas into any kind of collection you need. Create languages Language is a bond that weaves a culture together. Are there any new languages in your world? Create traditions Everyone has something they celebrate. Honor your characters by detailing their traditions. Create foods People of all kinds eat and drink things of all kinds. Come eat, drink, and be merry! Create sports People are naturally competitive, and sports seem to naturally emerge in almost every world. Create scenes Scenes are events that happen in your world, ranging in size from a nice breakfast to entire wars. Create timelines Plot your plot over time. Track what happens every step of the way. Create collections Collect and organize notebook pages into customizable collections you can share or collaborate in. "Really clever and beautifully organized way for storytellers to create a world." —
        Alec P. Notebook.ai Pricing Start worldbuilding right away. No card needed! Create your account. class Starter Free language Plan up to 5 universes group Plan unlimited characters terrain Plan unlimited locations emoji_events Plan unlimited items cloud_upload Upload up to 50MB of images Start Worldbuilding book Premium $9/month or cheaper Create unlimited ... language Universes group Characters terrain Locations emoji_events Items business Buildings bubble_chart Conditions explore Continents flag Countries pets Creatures ac_unit Deities eco Floras fastfood Foods account_balance Governments wc Groups work Jobs location_on Landmarks forum Languages book Lores flash_on Magics public Planets face Races brightness_7 Religions local_movies Scenes school Schools sports_volleyball Sports router Technologies location_city Towns today Traditions drive_eta Vehicles timeline Timelines layers Collections and... cloud_upload Upload up to 10GB of images Start Worldbuilding