NOUN | National Open University of Nigeria +234 9082907092 centralinfo@noun.edu.ng NOUN Library PG School Alumni Journals eLearn News & Events FAQs Student Support Services Contact Us Home About Us Introduction to NOUN Historical Background of NOUN NOUN Useful Videos Instructional Modes NOUN Philosophy NOUN at a Glance NOUN Profile NOUN Logo NOUN Anthem Vision & Mission University Strategy Learning at a Distance Administration The Visitor Chancellor Governing Council University Management Key Institutional Data Administrative Offices Vice-Chancellor’s Office Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Academic Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Administration Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Technology, Innovation & Research Registry Bursary Library Directorates & Units Academic Directorates Directorate for Entrepreneurship and General Studies (DEAGS) Directorate of Academic Planning (DAP) The Regional Training and Research Institute for Distance and Open Learning (RETRIDOL) African Council on Distance Education Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency (ACDE-QAAA) Student Industrial Work Experience Scheme (SIWES) Directorate of Research Administration Non-Academic Directorates Directorate of Advancement and Linkages Directorate of Counselling Services & Career Development Directorate of Academic Registry Directorate of Information & Communications Technology Directorate of Examination & Assessment Directorate of Management Information System (DMIS) Software Development Unit Directorate of Learning Content Management System Directorate of Human Resources Non-Academic Directorates Directorate of Physical Planning and Development Directorate of Security Services Directorate of Media and Publicity Directorate Of Staff Training And Development Directorate of Internal Audit Directorate of Procurement Directorate of Quality Assurance Directorate of Works & Services Directorate of Protocol & General Services Units Course Material Development Unit SERVICOM Unit Anti-Corruption And Transparency Unit NOUN Information and Call Centre (NICC) Manpower Development Unit Legal Services Deputy Registrar(Council) Transport and Logistics University Clinic Medical Diagnostic Laboratory Research Centers Africa Centre of Excellence on Technology Enhanced Learning (ACETEL) Centre of Excellence in Migration and Global Studies (CEMGS) Olusegun Obasanjo Centre For African Studies (OOCAS) Centre for Human Resource Development (CHRD) Faculties Agricultural Science Arts Computing Education Health Science Law Management Sciences Science Social Sciences Study With NOUN Prospective Students Admission Requirements Procedure on How to Apply for Admission Programmes Fees Schedule Postgraduate Fees for Foreign Students and Foreign-Based Students New/Returning Students Programmes & Accreditation status Returning Students Procedure for Registration Fees Schedule Postgraduate Fees for Foreign Students and Foreign-Based Students Register Now e-Courseware Study Centres North Central North East North West South East South South South West Transcript Transcript Applications Credit Transfer and Articulation Policy for New Students Credit Transfer Claim Form Credit Transfer Claim Form 2 e-Courseware eCourseware Faculty of Sciences eCourseware Faculty of Management Sc. eCourseware Faculty of Social Sc. eCourseware Faculty of Health Sc. eCourseware Faculty of Law eCourseware Faculty of Edu. eCourseware Faculty of Arts eCourseware Faculty of Agric eCourseware Faculty of Computing eCourseware DE & General Studies All Resources Resources Library Open Educational Resources Unit Journals Inaugural Lectures NOUN Magazine NOUN Strategic Plan 2013 – 2017 NOUN Strategic Plan 2018-2023 Employee Exit Clearance Form Staff Annual Performance Evaluation Report NOUN Online Fcilitation Guide Resources 2 Credit Transfer Claim CREDIT TRANSFER CLAIM FORM II Format on OPP and DPP Draft Learning Analytics Guidelines for the Conduct of Physical Examination (Pen on Paper) Guidelines for the Conduct of eExamination in NOUN Process Flow of Curriculum Design and Delivery of Learning Teaching and Assessment Procedure for developing and reviewing policy and SOPs in NOUN Sites and Monuments Select Page Welcome Message from the Vice-Chancellor On behalf of the Council and Senate, I welcome you to the National Open University of Nigeria, the largest University in Nigeria by student enrolment and national spread. By the click of a button, you are now in the single largest community of flexible, open and distance learning in West Africa. We are proud to be the only institution licensed by the National Universities Commission to offer single-mode Open and Distance Education to Learners in Nigeria. At the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), our programmes are tailored to make learning accessible, flexible and available for you, at all times, in any place and at your pace. Our 103 Study Centres spread across the geopolitical zones of Nigeria are equipped with requisite physical infrastructure, human and material resources with top-notch ICT competencies for learning, in compliance with the best global standards of education in all our accredited programmes. Read more With over 500,000 enrolled students that cut across all the strata of society, we are Nigeria’s leading institutional partner for the development of the much-needed skills and competencies, for the attainment of adult literacy and economic empowerment, which education offers. As you navigate our flexible, friendly and educative learning environment, I invite you to pay special attention to our programmes which cut across the Sciences (Agricultural, Biological, Computational, Environmental, Health, Management, Mathematical, Physical and Social), Arts, Humanities, ICT and Entrepreneurship studies. Our Centres of Excellence have been a source of inspiration to thousands of learners in vocational and special competence programmes for personal improvement. They are ably supported by reputable international partners such as the World Bank and the Commonwealth of Learning. We assure you of access to global opportunities offered by our international linkages with the worldwide community of distance learning through institutional partners such as the Commonwealth of Learning (COL, Canada), African Council for Distance Education (ACDE), International Council for Distance Education (ICDE) and Association of Commonwealth Universities (ACU), to mention a few. Please take advantage of our online student registration facilities, course facilitation and 24 hours access to open educational resources, to improve your learning experience anywhere and at any time. Once again, on behalf of the Council, the Management and the entire University Community, I welcome you. Thank you for your interest in the National Open University of Nigeria. News and Announcements 2025_2 E-Examination Final Timetable Internal & External Advertisement For The Post Of Vice-Chancellor Academic Calendar for 2025 Session NOUN admission into 2024 Commonwealth Executive MBA/MPA Programmes Faculties Agricultural Sciences Arts Computing Education Health Sciences Law Management Sciences Sciences Social Sciences Other Directorates and Research Centers You Can Learn From School of Postgraduate Studies (SPGS) RETRIDOL ACETEL DEAGS CHRD Our Pride Total Active 2024_2 Faculties Departments Programmes Total Enrollment to Date Alumni Study Centres Testimonials The dream of good quality standard, affordable, and nutritionally balanced nutrients is becoming a reality. I give NOUN the credit, without them, I would not have been successful. I gained so much from the teachings and mentorship at the school. I encourage other students to be active in their course of study and most importantly participate fully in the entrepreneurship course – GST 302. Irozuru Basilia Ogechukwu Student - South-West, Lagos, Incubatee I appreciate the Directorate for Entrepreneurship and General Studies for encouraging us to become entrepreneurs and for providing conducive environment for production and research. The GST courses and the mentorship received have positively impacted my life especially towards developing and modernizing my business. Now my products are standardized and beautifully packaged. Thank you DE&GS for setting me towards the path of economic independence after graduation. Garba Isa Student - North-East II, Bogoro, Incubatee I want to gratefully appreciate the efforts of the Directorate for Entrepreneurship and General Studies especially on the rigorous training and encouragement received while undergoing the GST courses. These courses boosted my confidence and entrepreneurial skills and laid the foundation in me to become self-sufficient after graduation as well as enable me create sustainable jobs for others. I remain grateful to NOUN for this and many more achievements. Timothy Manasseh Garkuwa Student - North-East II, Bogoro, Incubatee There is a proverb that says, “it takes a village to raise a child”. Tongues and Theatre Enterprise (TATE) is my child and I am grateful that the National Open University of Nigeria ( NOUN) is that village committed to its growth. I am grateful for members of that village- the Vice Chancellor: Prof. Olufemi Peters, the Director: Prof. Juliet Inegbedion, the Coordinator of the North Central Incubation Centre: Dr. Basil Ibebunjo and everyone on their teams. May this child grow and make its parents and the village proud. Amen Priscilla Ajibola Student - North-Central, Abuja, Incubatee I would like to express my profound gratitude and appreciation to the National Open University of Nigeria for the opportunity given me to showcase my business. It is a privilege to be among the top 3 and this is an experience I will cherish for a very long time. NOUN is a great institution, especially for given young enterprenuers the platform to grow. Solomon Esther Tam Inioribi Student - South-West, Lagos, Incubatee NOUN academic programme is very fantastic; NOUN has put smiles on my face as the institution has enabled me to realize my dream’. Otogor, a 400-level Accounting student, stated this on Monday, January 16, 2023, while receiving her award of one million naira (N1,000,000.00) for her creative product-based project at the Vice-Chancellor’s office, NOUN headquarters, Jabi Abuja. Otogor who designed the NOUN-customized laboratory coat said she was motivated by her passion for fashion design also to become an employer of labor after graduation Mary Onyinye Otogor Student - North - Central Incubation Centre , Abuja Incubatee My course on Entrepreneurship Education taught me how to write business plan and helped awaken my creativity and I was able to develop one of my ideas which is knitting. Through the mentorship of the Directorate, I won a 1 million Naira grant from the Tony Elumelu Foundation’s Entrepreneurship programme which I used to establish my business. Bosede Alabi Student - North-Central, Abuja, Incubatee I was encouraged to showcase my passion in Digital entertainment after undergoing training from DE& GS, NOUN. I want to thank the management of NOUN for sponsoring my trip to Abuja to participate at the Nile University Entrepreneurship Trade Fair where I received an award from the Director of Abuja Enterprise Agency, as the winner of ‘Digital Media & Entertainment’ of the fair. Obinna F. Nwanuo (2019) South-West, Lagos, Incubatee Student - South-West, Lagos, Incubatee Our Partners We have collaboration with several reputable institutions for being the foremost university providing highly accessible and enhanced quality  education anchored  by social justice, equity, equality and national cohesion through a comprehensive reach that transcends all barriers. NOUN is a Proud Member of Download the NOUN App NICC NOUN Information Call Centre Phone Nos.: +234 908 290 7092 Email: centralinfo@noun.edu.ng Student Support Services: support.nou.edu.ng https://store.siccura.com/ https://consumerstore.siccura.com/ slot777 https://sandagroup.com/ https://globalpanorama.co.id/ slot777 sbobet slot138 slot138 https://advisory.abacus.co.ke/ dewi138 sultan69 panengg slot bet 200 slot138 Quick links Apply Now My Learning Space NOUN Facilitators NOUN Academics NOUN eCourseware FAQs Registration Procedure for NYSC Exclusion Letter Employee Exit Clearance Form Events Calendar December 2025 M T W T F S S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 « Nov Facebook X Instagram © 2025 NOUN DICT. All Rights Reserved Prospective/Returning Students ← NOUN 105.9 FM Listen to NOUN 105.9 FM Student Support Services Launch NOUN e-Ticketing Platform