NOVASOL | Book villa holidays in Europe in the 2026 MEGA SALE Novasol color logo Inspiration Holidays for everyone Summerhouse with dog Holiday homes with pools Last minute holidays All Holidays Destinations Explore our destinations Most popular destinations Austria Belgium Croatia Cyprus Denmark France Germany Greece Italy Luxembourg Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovenia Spain Sweden Budva Riviera Dalmatia Gotland Istria Korcula Island Mallorca Oland Portoroz Pula Sicily Skane Smaland Split Tuscany Vir Island Zadar Let your property Help Log in Log in Guest Homeowner Log in Guest Homeowner Inspiration Holidays for everyone Destinations Explore our destinations Most popular destinations Support Help Let your property Get started Discover Holiday Homes and Villas in Europe Enter destination Enter dates Enter dates 2 guests 2 guests Search Save up to 30% on 300,000 holidays Get discounts on holidays throughout 2026 Family holidays with big savings Magical summer memories Feeling spontaneous? Save on short escapes *Terms and conditions Download our NEW app! All your holiday details in one app. Anytime. Anywhere. Download the app Holiday Rentals in Europe Croatia Azure blue seas, island hopping, and Mediterranean ambiance await Spain From golden beaches to cultural experiences - Spain has it all France A holiday filled with delicious cuisine and picturesque landscapes Germany Discover the most beautiful corners of Germany - from the North Sea to the Alps Italy Breathtaking art, mouthwatering cuisine, and magnificent coastlines Sweden Embrace tranquility in Swedish nature - from deep forests to serene lakes Norway Discover the incredible natural wonders of Norway, where majestic fjords and Northern Lights await you! The Best Vacation Spots in Europe Dalmatia Medieval villages, magnificent coastlines, and stunning beaches Tuscany Rolling hills, award-winning wineries, and a rich cultural heritage Småland Numerous lakes, deep forests, and historical attractions in the heart of Sweden Algarve Cultural experiences, stunning beaches, and rocky coastlines Istria Enjoy tranquil bays and coastal villages on Croatia's iconic peninsula Sicily Enjoy stunning coastlines, rich ancient history, and vibrant culture in Sicily Pula Enjoy gastronomy, nature and history in the heart of Istria Find the Perfect Holiday Home for Your Next Vacation Holiday Homes with a Swimming Pool An indoor or outdoor pool? The choice is yours! Customer Benefits Enjoy these extra benefits when you book with us All Inclusive Properties Additional costs, such as cleaning and electricity, are included in the price Island Holiday Dreaming of island life? Find your place for a secluded getaway Pet Friendly Holiday Homes Plenty of pet friendly holiday homes to choose from! Let your property with NOVASOL. We are with you all the way. Discover why more owners have chosen to let with NOVASOL. Let your property NOVASOL - Holiday Home Rental Since 1968 NOVASOL is one of Europe’s leading providers of vacation rentals with thousands of unique holiday homes and apartments across Europe’s wonderful holiday destinations. Since 1968, our ambition has been to create memorable holidays by delighting our guests with a home away from home. With more than 55 years of experience with roots in the Danish holiday home business, we know that a vacation home is so much more than a place to stay. It’s a space where your holiday can be filled with big adventures and cozy moments with the ones you love. In a NOVASOL holiday home, there is space where you can spend time on what matters most. Memorable Holidays in Europe In the NOVASOL-universe, you can discover a wide selection of unique properties in some of the most popular and beloved destinations both here in your home country and across Europe. Do you also love spending your holiday in Denmark ? For many, staying in a summer house in Denmark is the quintessential holiday experience. Visit Jutland and get close to the wide dunes and white beaches, experience beautiful nature and exciting attractions from a farmhouse on Funen, or combine city breaks and local charm with a getaway to Zealand. Whether you want to witness the magic light in Skagen or spend your holiday in a cozy cabin on Bornholm, you’ll never find yourself far away from great experiences and world-class attractions. Experience everything Europe has to offer from the comfort of a vacation house. Sense the tranquillity by a glittering forest lake in Sweden , swim in crystal-clear waters and go island-hopping from a villa in Croatia , or enjoy sunny beach days from a finca in Spain . If you also want to add gastronomic experiences and visits to award-winning vineyards to your itinerary, make sure to book a trip to France or Italy . Discover your Perfect European Escape with our Collections From dog-friendly accommodations and family-friendly homes to villas with a pool and luxury properties, we have a vacation retreat for every taste and all occasions. Whether you need a spa weekend in a holiday home with sauna or dreaming of a romantic break in a cabin with hot tub, we’ve got you covered. Every NOVASOL holiday home is unique, but what they all have in common is that they offer a relaxing stay in private surroundings. You have the freedom to be yourself without any demands or obligations. With our vast selection of different facilities, you can tailor your stay to your specific wishes, needs and budget, creating the holiday of your dreams. There’s something for everyone at NOVASOL. Explore all our collections and book your next holiday experience with NOVASOL! Read more Explore Destinations Inspiration Need help? If you can’t find the information you need in the Frequently Asked Questions section, our team will be happy to assist. FAQs, help and support Why should you rent your house with Novasol? 50,000 vacation homes in 18 countries. Vacation home rentals since 1968. Service offices throughout Europe. No booking fees. Let your property Company About us About Awaze Press Agency login Customer information Help Worth Knowing Terms of use Terms of rental Inspiration Theme Policies Cookie Policy Privacy policy Digital Services Act Sitemap Part of Awaze logo English — EUR NOVASOL is part of the Awaze Group. Awaze A/S, Virumgårdvej 27, DK-2830 Virum, Denmark CVR: 17484575 Terms and Conditions*