QUICK LINKS  Give Request Info  Apply Now
Academics 
Admissions 
Student Life 
Research 
Community 
About 
search box
Pause
We Are Sharks

Florida's Largest Private R1 University

NSU Expedition to Greenland Inspires Action

NSU’s Rising Seas Institute led an expedition to Greenland to document glacial melt and complex challenges it poses for the future. NSU continues to lead efforts to respond to the growing threat of sea-level rise.

Leading the Fight for a Vanishing Legacy

 
Student Researchers Pushing Boundaries

Driven by curiosity and determination, NSU students are making discoveries in marine science, chemistry, and parasitology. Their work showcases the passion and excellence that define research at NSU.

NSU Students are Driving Discovery

Breakthrough Research That Impacts Communities

As an R1 university, NSU leads innovations that improve lives across Florida and beyond. Through NSU’s research centers and clinical programs, scientists and healthcare teams are driving discoveries in neuroscience, cancer biology, precision medicine, and whole-person patient care.

Transforming Care Through Innovation

 

The NSU Impact
Four pillars shaping innovation, research, and student success.

NSU at a Glance
Exceptional Research
Patient-Centered Healthcare
Leading the Ocean Economy
Developing the Future Workforce
Be Career-Ready with 130+ Degree Programs

Our flexible, accelerated degree programs for graduate and professional students and undergraduate students help you move faster from class to career—all while bringing down your cost of attendance and helping you finance your education.

Select a degree type
 All  Doctoral  Master's  Bachelor's
Search

Explore All Degrees & Programs

Student Stories

Every Shark has a story. From local health initiatives to global conservation projects to their very own businesses, discover what drives NSU students and alumni toward excellence and how Sharks are making a difference.

Chetana Movva
Lili Demm
Allan Ganzman
Visit NSU's YouTube Channel
NSU News
NSU Art Museum’s Chief Curator On Cover of Art Week Magazine
Read More
NSU’s Deep-Sea Donation Bolsters Renowned Fish Collection
Read More
NSU Names Head of Strategy and Operational Excellence
Read More
Miami Herald Story Features ‘Crutchfield Court’ Naming
Read More

Discover the Latest Stories

 

Get Social With Shark Nation

 

Return to top of page

© 2025 Nova Southeastern University
3300 S. University Drive
Fort Lauderdale, FL  33328-2004
Phone: 800-541-6682

Quick Links
Apply Now
Athletics
NSU Bookstore
Canvas
Career Development
Current Students
Emergency Alert
Employment
EASE Grant Performance
 
Faculty and Staff Resources
Office of Financial Assistance
Giving to NSU
NSU Health
Human Resources
International Affairs
NSU Libraries
Map of Campus
 
Newsroom
Office of the President
Request Information
Sharklink
Title IX Resources
University School
Veterans Resource Center
Visit NSU
Request A TourLaunch Virtual Tour
facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
Contact Us | Using Our Site | Privacy Policy | GDPR Privacy Notice | ADA Policy