Helium - Own the Air Networks Business Blog Waitlist Select Language English Spanish (Mexico) C o n n e c t i v i t y , R e b u i l t . C o n n e c t i v i t y , R e b u i l t . Helium rebuilds connectivity as a global wireless network owned by people and powered by HNT. Helium rebuilds connectivity as a global wireless network owned by people and powered by HNT. Legacy telco can’t keep up. Connectivity demand is exploding. A.I., streaming video, smart devices, and phones are rewriting how the world communicates. Yet legacy telecom is built on slow, expensive infrastructure that can’t scale fast enough to meet demand. Telco is a multi-trillion dollar industry yet prices keep soaring and infrastructure can’t meet today’s connectivity demands Telco is a multi-trillion dollar industry yet prices keep soaring and infrastructure can’t meet today’s connectivity demands Own the future of connectivity. Own the future of connectivity. Helium replaces cell towers with small devices called Hotspots that provide affordable connectivity and expand coverage wherever people gather, work, and move. Businesses and individuals host them, earn HNT for every connection, and create the world’s largest decentralized wireless network. Get your Hotspot Join the Movement. Helium is simple enough for anyone and everyone to participate in. World Explore the Network. Explore the Network. Hotspot Share your internet and earn. Share your internet and earn. HNT powers the new connectivity economy. HNT is the currency of connectivity and the economic engine that fuels Helium. Instead of monopolies controlling the trillion dollar telco industry, HNT flips the legacy model on its head and empowers anyone to own a piece of the future. From major carriers and enterprises to small businesses and individuals, HNT drives affordable, people-powered connectivity for millions. Learn more about HNT C a s e S t u d i e s Case Studies From major enterprises to small businesses, learn how Helium is being used to improve connectivity. See all Case Studies Fixing Coverage Gaps with Helium: The Untangled Technology Story How an Ohio ISP is using Helium Hotspots to deliver stronger, smarter connectivity to his community. How an Ohio ISP is using Helium Hotspots to deliver stronger, smarter connectivity to his community. Learn more How Local Businesses Are Quietly Powering the Future of Wireless They set out to fix spotty indoor service –and joined a people-powered wireless network growing nationwide. They set out to fix spotty indoor service –and joined a people-powered wireless network growing nationwide. Learn more Introducing Observed Demand: Find Coverage Where It’s Needed Most The last blog outlined some great locations for deploying Helium Hotspots. This one's even better! The last blog outlined some great locations for deploying Helium Hotspots. This one's even better! Learn more Store COMING SOON I agree to receive marketing emails from Helium. Select Language English Spanish (Mexico) English HELIUM Mobile Network IoT Network HNT Helium World Global Waitlist BUSINESS Helium Plus + Convert your Wi-Fi Network Carrier Offload with Helium Helium Showcase Deploying in Mexico? ABOUT Blog Support Explorer Status Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Hotspot Returns & Warranty Wi-Fi Terms of Service © 2025 Nova Labs, Inc., dba Helium. All rights reserved. I agree to receive marketing emails from Helium. Select Language English Spanish (Mexico) English Select Language English Spanish (Mexico) English HELIUM Mobile Network IoT Network HNT Helium World Global Waitlist BUSINESS Helium Plus + Convert your Wi-Fi Network Carrier Offload with Helium Helium Showcase Deploying in Mexico? ABOUT Blog Support Explorer Status Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Hotspot Returns & Warranty Wi-Fi Terms of Service © 2025 Nova Labs, Inc., dba Helium. All rights reserved. I agree to receive marketing emails from Helium. Select Language English Spanish (Mexico) English HELIUM Mobile Network IoT Network HNT Helium World Global Waitlist BUSINESS Helium Plus + Convert your Wi-Fi Network Carrier Offload with Helium Helium Showcase Deploying in Mexico? ABOUT Blog Support Explorer Status Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Hotspot Returns & Warranty Wi-Fi Terms of Service © 2025 Nova Labs, Inc., dba Helium. All rights reserved.