NovelAI - AI Anime Image Generator & Storyteller Meet GLM-4.6: More Context, More Creativity Our newest text generation model, now available for all users. Unlock 4x longer context, multi-language support, and upgraded storytelling tools. Learn More Learn More Start for Free! Pricing Blog Community Login Login Create High Quality AI Anime Art & Stories Start For Free Now Create High Quality AI Anime Art & Stories Unleash the power of AI with a suite of tools to easily bring your imagination to life without limits. Start for Free Now Start for Free Now Create Anime Art Create Stories Choose your adventure. Learn how NovelAI can enhance your creative potential. Image Generator Writing Assistant Generate anime-inspired characters. Without limits. Play with your own imagination using an interface tailored towards making generating imagery simple and fast. Features Purpose-built Creative Editor Centered around creativity, NovelAI’s Image Generation UI keeps you focused on the thing that matters most, your images. Reliable Image Adjustment Use Image2Image to change details while following the original composition, or Enhance it to increase the level of detail in the image. Random Prompt Out of ideas? Click the dice button and get brand new inspiration without any work on your end required. 1girl, starry background, cowboy shot, orange eyes 1girl, gradient background, aqua eyes, braided ponytail, hair flaps, hair slicked back, tall 1boy, scenery, straight-on, {full body} , black eyes, hair spread out Advanced AI Settings When the defaults don’t quite tickle your fancy, fiddle and experiment with a variety of samplers and options. Steps 23 Guidance 5 Seed N/A Sampler Euler Ancestral Euler A collection of tools built to make generating fun and easy. Create predictable results with high variety, effortlessly. Don’t settle for randomness, outline all the best parts of your character using natural language, or a comprehensive set of visual tags. PROMPT 1girl fisheye closeup from above head tilt short hair black hair grey eyes small breasts Outline each character distinctly, without missing any details. Utilize multiple character prompts to design each separate character in your image, for more control over your composition. CHAR 1 PROMPT A girl with green hair and star-shaped pupils, wearing a red dress, side-by-side. CHAR 2 PROMPT A woman with orange hair and black jacket holding an ice cream cone, side-by-side. Transfer the aesthetics from your favorite generations to new ones. Vibe Transfer pulls the best parts out of an image and uses it as direct visual inspiration for new generations. Learn more about Vibe Transfer Naturally correct mistakes, or create brand new details. Inpaint your image with a brush to fix any errors, or prompt for something different to shake things up. Put the final touches on your images before sharing them with the world. Turn creations into something new, or adjust a generation for use somewhere else. Remove BG Line Art Sketch Colorize Emotion Declutter Join thousands of AI artists that use NovelAI every single day. Start with a free trial. 30 Free
Generations Up to 1024x1024
resolution Start for Free What kind of creator are you? Compare and pick the right plan for you. Writer AI Artist Both Explore
Our Plans Tablet $ 10 /mo USD Get Started Scroll $ 15 /mo USD Get Started Opus $ 25 /mo USD Get Started Unlimited Images Image Gen Access Access to our image generation features. Pay As You Go Pay As You Go Unlimited* Anlas Purchase Discount The amount taken off our on-demand Anlas pricing. 20% Discount 20% Discount 20% Discount Bonus Anlas Free extra monthly currency for use in generating images on NovelAI.** 1,000 1,000 10,000 OR Not interested in a monthly subscription?
Check out our pay-as-you go options instead. Learn More * For images of up to 1024x1024 pixels and up to 28 steps when generating a single image. ** A pool of Anlas that refills each month to the amount for your subscription tier. It will only refill if you have less than the amount for your subscription tier. What kind of creator are you? Compare and pick the right plan for you. Writer AI Artist Both Explore
Our Plans Tablet $ 10 /mo (USD) Scroll $ 15 /mo (USD) Unlimited Images Opus $ 25 /mo (USD) OR Not interested in a monthly subscription?
Check out our pay-as-you go options instead. Learn More † At the default resolution and settings. Our Latest Blog Posts Copyright © 2025 Anlatan Inc. Manage Cookie Preferences Terms of Service Contact Us Support Press Kit Updates Status