Novotel - Book a hotel for a family holiday or business trip | Novotel Skip to main content This site requires javascript for full functionality. Please enable the javascript in your browser. Menu Destinations Back Destinations Europe Asia Middle-East North America South America Africa Pacific OUR TOP DESTINATIONS London Sydney Dubai Bangkok Paris See all destinations Offers Inspirations Back Family Make every family moment precious at Novotel. We'll take good care of you all as you're creating memories that last. Wellness Take all the time you need to recharge, calm your senses and reconnect with those who matter to you. Business Concentrate on the essentials of your meeting or event while our dedicated Novotel Ambassadors ensure its success. Loyalty Back Discover the loyalty programme ALL PLUS Voyageur- Frequent travellers card ALL PLUS Voyageur 20% or 15% or guaranteed discount all year round DISCOVER NOW The Novotel Experience Novotel Magazine Flight + Hotel More EN Back Select your location and language below Geographical area Country/Region - Language Confirm my location and language EUR (€) Back Select your currency below Geographical area Currency Confirm my currency Destinations Back Destinations Europe Asia Middle-East North America South America Africa Pacific OUR TOP DESTINATIONS London Sydney Dubai Bangkok Paris See all destinations Offers Inspirations Back Family Make every family moment precious at Novotel. We'll take good care of you all as you're creating memories that last. Wellness Take all the time you need to recharge, calm your senses and reconnect with those who matter to you. Business Concentrate on the essentials of your meeting or event while our dedicated Novotel Ambassadors ensure its success. Loyalty Back Discover the loyalty programme ALL PLUS Voyageur- Frequent travellers card ALL PLUS Voyageur 20% or 15% or guaranteed discount all year round DISCOVER NOW The Novotel Experience Novotel Magazine Flight + Hotel More Book your stay Book your stay error (s) Core booking engine You’ll be redirected to Accor
        website to view available hotels and book your stay Close window error (s) Where do you want to travel? Booking Dates Rooms & Guests 1 Room(s) - 1 Guest(s) Room 1 Room 1 Adult(s) - Remove an adult +Add an adult Child(ren) - Remove a child +Add a child Delete Add a room Special rates Search Where do you want to travel? Escape Sale: Save up to 20% Stay 2 nights across Asia Pacific & Middle East Book & Save It's family time Enjoy a relaxing time with your family for less. Save 50% on your second room when you book for a family of four. Book now Discover dreamy resort stays Discover our collection of dreamy Novotel resorts, for a holiday that ticks all the boxes. Discover more Previous Slide 1 / 3 Next Slide Pause Play 1 2 3 Escape with Novotel at the best price Discover the best  hotels with Novotel Choose from Novotel hotels and resorts in over 300 destinations around the world Discover more Novotel Hanoi Thai Ha Located in the heart of Hanoi, this modern city retreat offers comfortable accommodation, diverse dining options and versatile event spaces, with easy access to major attractions, cultural landmarks and vibrant nightlife. Novotel Ambassador Seoul Gangnam Set in vibrant Gangnam near the Han River, this upscale city retreat offers spacious rooms, executive lounge access, refined dining options and easy access to business hubs, shopping districts and Seoul’s lively nightlife. Novotel Bangkok Platinum Pratunam Located above a major shopping mall in the heart of Bangkok, this modern city stay offers stylish rooms with city views, international dining, an infinity pool, fitness centre and easy access to top attractions and transport. Novotel Singapore On Stevens Stylish city-side retreat minutes from Orchard Road with dual pools and a lush, resort-inspired atmosphere. Perfect for both business travellers and families looking for modern comfort and vibrant dining. Your Novotel Enjoy it all with Novotel Intuitive stays in destination hotels Priceless family time Make every family moment precious at Novotel. We'll take good care of you all as you create lasting memories. Stays for balanced wellbeing Take all the time you need to recharge, calm your senses and reconnect with those who matter to you at Novotel. Uniquely creative events Concentrate on the essentials of your meeting or event while our dedicated Novotel Ambassadors ensure its success. The world of Novotel Take your pick of distinctive Novotel experiences and enjoy cherished moments in unforgettable locations. In your own time, make space for the essentials of life at our hotels, resorts, suites and residences in sought-after destinations across the world. Read more Top destination picks Over 300 destinations around the world Discover incredible destinations with Novotel Discover more Bangkok, Thailand Singapore, Singapore Seoul, South Korea Danang, Vietnam Sydney, Australia Christchurch, New Zealand Paris, France Hong Kong, China Ideas & Trends The Great Escape Magazine Novotel takes you on a journey to travel inspirations, culinary discoveries, wellness experiences and not-to-be missed events. Discover all articles Pack Light, Pack Right: A Guide to Sustainable Travel Eco-friendly packing tips to lower your carbon footprint and enhance your travel experience Discover Discover Novotel and ALL introduce a groundbreaking football experience at Parc des Princes La Suite Novotel by ALL.com showcases a unique partnership by offering a winning combination of comfort and exclusive access to  thrilling football events. Discover Discover Novotel Playlists are now available on Spotify Enjoy a sensory experience with Novotel Playlists, to enhance your stay or be enjoyed at home. Discover Discover Reflect, recharge and relax with the Novotel podcast, Sleepovers at Novotel Switch off and listen to unique stories, centred around living well. Discover Discover The Evolution of Corporate Travel in 2024 and beyond Corporate travel is evolving into a more balanced, sustainable, and enriching experience. Trends like bleisure, wellness integration, AI-driven personalization, and eco-conscious practices are transforming how professionals travel in 2024 and beyond. Discover Discover Sleep the Novotel way Novotel Store Recreate the perfect night's sleep at home. We'll deliver your supremely comfortable Live N'Dream bed, pillow and duvet right to your door. Order from the Novotel Store Up to 10% now Room upgrades Free nights Limitless experiences 100+ partners Join for free Learn more Join us on Instagram @novotelhotels Follow us close news Newsletter Join the Novotel newsletter Be among the first to receive our Novotel travel deals and updates. Subscribe to our newsletter! Your Email Subscribe Close button Join the Novotel newsletter Be among the first to receive our Novotel travel deals and updates. Subscribe to our newsletter! Email Title First Name Last Name Please select language Please select a country Country Code (Optional) Phone number (Optional) I agree to receive personalized news and offers from Brand by email* SIGN ME UP You can cancel your subscription at any time. Read Brand's Privacy Policy Join the Novotel newsletter Be among the first to receive our Novotel travel deals and updates. Subscribe to our newsletter ! Your Email Subscribe Amplify your life with ALL Save every time Rewards made simple Travel in VIP style Live the unforgettable Become a member Home Get our exclusive offers Sign up to the newsletter to receive our latest offers Subscribe Need help? Need help? My bookings FAQ Visit Visit Find a hotel Find a restaurant Find a meeting room Find a special offer Destinations Destinations Europe Asia Middle East South America Pacific Novotel universe Novotel universe The Novotel experience Family Wellness Business Loyalty Novotel magazine All languages Sitemap Mobile App Mobile App iOS app Android app Luxury 12 Partners (12) Lifestyle by ennismore 10 Partners (10) Premium 10 Partners (10) Midscale 12 Partners (12) Economy 6 Partners (6) General Terms and Conditions of Sale Data Privacy My Personal Information Cookies Legal information Web accessibility