Affordable Blockchain Developer API | Access RPC Nodes & WebSocket | NOWNodes Products Core Shared Nodes Instant RPC access Dedicated Nodes Private RPC nodes Advanced api Websocket Real-time Data Stream Archive data Historical blockchain data Debug & Trace Deep analytic tools Blockbook Indexed blockchain data public tools Public nodes Free blockchain RPC access Block Explorer Blockchain analytics with full UI Data service Market data Live crypto and fiat rates Solutions For Wallets WSS and Webhook notifications For Exchanges Scalable node infrastructure For Web3 Analytics Archive nodes and deep data For Developers Free start plan for testing For Trading Unlimited RPS nodes API For Foundations New networks listing Chains Company SQS Uptime and SLA metrics Media kit Contact Marketing team Partners Web3 ecosystem FAQ Common questions About us Team & mission Blog News and updates Pricing Docs Products Core Shared Nodes Instant RPC access Dedicated Nodes Private RPC nodes Advanced api Websocket Real-time Data Stream Archive data Historical blockchain data Debug & Trace Deep analytic tools Blockbook Indexed blockchain data public tools Public nodes Free blockchain RPC access Block Explorer Blockchain analytics with full UI Data service Market data Live crypto and fiat rates Solutions For Wallets WSS and Webhook notifications For Exchanges Scalable node infrastructure For Web3 Analytics Archive nodes and deep data For Developers Free start plan for testing For Trading Unlimited RPS nodes API For Foundations New networks listing Chains Company SQS Uptime and SLA metrics Media kit Contact Marketing team Partners Web3 ecosystem FAQ Common questions About us Team & mission Blog News and updates Pricing Docs Log In Get started Log In Get started The First Blockchain API & Node Provider The pioneering platform providing scalable crypto node solutions — delivering reliable blockchain APIs and full-node infrastructure for developers, enterprises, and Web3 projects. online 121 available nodes NOW Host response time 0.800 sec 0.050 sec -2:30 -1:00 -1:30 0:00 Transactions per second 250 000 80 000 -2:30 -1:00 -1:30 0:00 99,95% API uptime Get free api key View docs Top Supported Blockchain RPC Nodes Connect to shared nodes for Ethereum, Bitcoin, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, Solana, and more. Query balances, send transactions, access WebSocket streams, and monitor testnets with low latency and high reliability. Dogecoin DOGE Algorand ALGO Arbitrum ARB Bitcoin BTC Dash DASH Decred DCR DigiByte DGB Ethereum ETH Harmony ONE Litecoin LTC Polygon MATIC Monero XMR Ontology ONT Optimism OP Polkadot DOT Ravencoin RVN Tezos XTZ Zcash ZEC Vechain VET Show more nodes Why Choose Our Blockchain Developer API? 100+ blockchain networks >99.95% API uptime 15 000+ transactions per second ~0.6 second response time Easy API integration 1 Sign up on NOWNodes and get your own API key. 2 Generate API key in the dashboard 3 Check out our API documentation . 4 Integrate the API key and methods into your service get free API Key ONE BLOCKCHAIN API - LOTS OF SOLUTIONS Shared Full nodes Access to a shared RPC node is the most affordable way to start and scale up your crypto ecosystem. Mainnet Get access to any RPC node from 121+ of the most popular blockchains. Testnet Get access to an RPC node testnet for starting developing crypto systems smoothly. Block Explorers Always stay updated on your transactions. Websocket Connections The most advanced and safest technologies are here for your crypto business. Dedicated node Your fully managed private RPC node for the best crypto experience. Trusted by NOWNodes delivers no questions asked! We have been working with NOWNodes from the very beginning – and through all these years the service has been impeccable. The team has been ready to meet our strenuous requirements in 100% of cases and if anything stroke our fancy, NOWNodes always delivered – no questions asked. We're planning on using NOWNodes for years to come – and we hope the company keeps growing in the future. Good job, NOWNodes! Frequently asked questions What is a blockchain RPC node? Blockchain RPC (Remote Procedure Call) node is a server that lets wallets and dApps interact with the blockchain - send transactions, read data, and execute smart contracts via API requests. How to use NOWNodes’ API key? After login in NOWNodes and selecting a plan you need to navigate to the Dashboard in your account and scroll down the page. There you will see the button Add a New Key. Just push the button and your API key will be ready to use. Don't share your personal API key in public You can use this API key for all the available methods mentioned in our documentation How do I connect to a full node via API? Get your API key from the dashboard, choose a supported blockchain, and use the provided RPC endpoint to start sending requests—no setup or hosting needed. Are public crypto nodes safe for development? Yes, our public crypto nodes are safe for development. They offer secure, read/write access for testing and building. What’s the difference between shared and dedicated nodes? Shared nodes are used by multiple users and have rate limits. Dedicated nodes offer private access, higher speed, and stability. We can deploy any dedicated node for you - just contact us ! Can I get a free crypto node? Yes, you can start with our START plan that gives access to shared crypto nodes with 100,000 requests for one month. Blog We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience. By using NOWNodes, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Accept necessary only Accept all Company About us SQS Contacts Pricing Docs Blog Support Media kit FAQ Nodes Bitcoin Ethereum Litecoin Monero Digibyte Tezos Dogecoin Nodes Block Explorers Bitcoin Ethereum Litecoin Dogecoin Bitcoin Cash Digibyte Groestlcoin Dash Solutions Shared Nodes Dedicated Nodes Public Endpoints Market Data Our partners ChangeNow NowPayments NowCustody Trustpilot © 2026 Terms of Use | Service Agreement | Privacy Policy Company name: Tech Castle OÜ Address: Väike-Paala 2, Tallinn, Estonia, 11415, Harju maakond, Republic of Estonia Legal form: Limited liability company Company name : Tech Crest Limited Address : Unit 1603, 16/F, The L. Plaza, 367 - 375 Queen's Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong Legal form : Limited liability company