NOW Toronto Advertisement Search Now Subscribe Open Menu Your City Culture Events Lifestyle All Lifestyle This is Dating Now Winter Guide Gift Guide Subscribe Search Open Menu Close Menu Your City Culture Events Lifestyle All Lifestyle This is Dating Now Winter Guide Gift Guide About Masthead Editorial Mandate Jobs Advertise Contests Contact Twitter Tiktok Instagram Youtube Facebook Threads Blue Sky Search Now Toronto... Close Search Now Search Open Menu Your City Culture Events Lifestyle All Lifestyle This is Dating Now Winter Guide Gift Guide The must-watch shows and movies coming to Netflix this January Top Story Posted 22 seconds ago Culture Advertisement Toronto locals sound off on what needs to change in 2026 Posted 16 hours ago Lifestyle What’s open and closed on New Year’s Eve and Day in Toronto Posted 18 hours ago Your City Advertisement Twitter Tiktok Instagram Youtube Facebook Threads Blue Sky Follow us @nowtoronto Advertisement Advertisement What's Trending Exclusive content and events straight to your inbox – subscribe to our newsletter: LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Subscribe By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Now Toronto and to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Posted 2 days ago Toronto residents are frustrated with slush-filled sidewalks, city responds Posted 2 days ago ‘Truly heartbreaking,’ Beloved Scarborough restaurant Lucky Lin’s is closing after 30+ years Posted 1 week ago These friends just walked 13 hours from Toronto to Oakville to get home for the holidays Posted 4 days ago Boxing Day Pro-Palestine protest at Toronto’s Eaton Centre raises questions about where protests belong Posted 7 days ago Bored, but cold? Here are five hobbies to try inside this winter Exclusive content and events straight to your inbox – subscribe to our newsletter: Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Subscribe By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Now Toronto and to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Your source for news, culture and more – follow @nowtoronto Advertisement Featured Fireworks, performances, and dance: Toronto’s major NYE Party is almost here Posted 4 days ago Culture Featured Sponsored Content Advertisement Upcoming events in Toronto Check out the best that Toronto has to offer. Find events happening now. View all events Featured Event December 31 @ 10:00 am – 12:00 pm New Year's Eve Celebration Cake Class 12 Sousa Mendes Street Dec 31 Featured Event December 31 @ 3:00 pm – 10:30 pm Minami Toronto hosts New Year’s Eve kaiseki dinner with DJ Minami Toronto Dec 31 Featured Event December 31 @ 4:00 pm – 10:00 pm Miku Toronto unveils New Year’s Eve kaiseki dinner with live jazz Miku Toronto Dec 31 Featured Event December 31 @ 5:00 pm – 10:30 pm Ring in the New Year at W Toronto W Toronto Dec 31 Latest Stories Toronto police expand community officer program to the TTC — but not all riders are on board Posted 20 hours ago Your City Toronto Mayor Olivia Chow wraps up 2025 visiting TTC stations to speak with residents about their concerns Posted 21 hours ago Your City ‘Let your voices be heard,’ Craig’s Cookies workers in Toronto vote to unionize Posted 21 hours ago Your City Toronto’s 2026 concert lineup is already stacked: Here’s the shows you can’t miss Posted 1 day ago Culture ‘End of an era,’ Queen Street West loses a staple as Club Monaco closes its original store Posted 2 days ago Your City Toronto residents are frustrated with slush-filled sidewalks, city responds Posted 2 days ago Your City Beyoncé is a billionaire! Here’s how she did it Posted 2 days ago Culture New tiny home outreach hub brings direct relief to Toronto’s unhoused community Posted 2 days ago Your City Marit Stiles copies NYC mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani’s fundraising style — and Ontarians are split Posted 2 days ago Your City Toronto Raptors’ Scottie Barnes makes history and fans are buzzing Posted 2 days ago Your City Load More Advertisement The Latest in Toronto Your City Culture Real Estate Lifestyle Events Featured Album reviews Concert reviews Movies & TV Reviews About Masthead Editorial Mandate Jobs Advertise Contests Contact Subscribe to our Newsletter Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Subscribe By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Now Toronto and to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions . Twitter Tiktok Instagram Youtube Facebook Threads Blue Sky © 2025 GMI Publications Inc. All rights reserved. Read our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions . Toronto news, events and more straight to your inbox Sign up for exclusive access to our daily newsletter with everything you need to know about Toronto news, events and more! Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Subscribe By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Now Toronto and to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Close