NOYB enforces your right to privacy everyday Skip to main content Social Media en de fr nl el es it pl fi bg hu cs sk Main navigation Menu News Our work Projects Cases by DPA Cases by Company Reports & Resources Exercise your rights! Support us! Membership Donations Sponsorship Tax deductability Member Login About us Team Annual Reports FAQs Jobs Collective Redress SecureDrop Media Contact GDPRhub We enforce your right to privacy. 883 total cases 461 pending cases € 2B billion fines imposed 5392 supporting members about us 72.02 % Support Us 18.12.2025 Online & Mobile tracking Austrian Supreme Court: Meta must give users full access to their data The Austrian Supreme Court has issued a ruling in an 11-years long procedure against Meta Read more 17.12.2025 Online & Mobile tracking TikTok unlawfully tracks your shopping habits – and your use of dating apps TikTok tracks its users even if they're using other apps. The video platform therefore also knows what dating app you use Read more 10.12.2025 Data Transfers EU-US Data Transfers: Time to prepare for more trouble to come As instability in the US legal system becomes undeniable and the US shows open signs of hostility towards the EU, it is time to reconsider where our data is flowing Read more 04.12.2025 Cookie Banners ‘Pay or Okay’ study: Users prefer a tracking-free “third option” Given the upcoming "Pay or Okay" guidelines by the EDPB, noyb has commissioned a study about user choices Read more 01.12.2025 Digital Omnibus: First Analysis of Select GDPR and ePrivacy Proposals by the Commission Read more 27.11.2025 Cookie Banners noyb win: Conde Nast fined €750,000 for placing cookies without consent The French DPA has fined the Vanity Fair publisher Conde Nast €750.000 Read more Discover more Ready to support us? Become a member or donate now! Become a member Donate Media Coverage ‹ Google handed €325 million fine in France over Gmail ads and cookies The French privacy watchdog (CNIL) handed Google a €325 million fine on Wednesday for inserting advertising between Gmail users' emails and dropping tracking cookies without consent. Read full article Privacy group files complaint against AliExpress, TikTok and WeChat Austrian advocacy group noyb filed data privacy complaints against China's AliExpress, TikTok and WeChat on Thursday, saying they failed to comply with European Union laws on providing users with a full copy of their data. Read full article ChatGPT hit with complaint for calling user a child murderer ChatGPT’s tendency to “hallucinate” and spit out made-up information about people has triggered a second complaint from Austrian privacy group Noyb. Read full article Microsoft software accused of breaching data rights of EU schoolchildren NOYB claims that software vendors like US tech giant Microsoft ignore GDPR rights by “dumping” legal responsibilities under the EU’s privacy rules on schools that provide the software for educational purposes. Read full article Elon Musk’s X targeted with nine privacy complaints after grabbing EU users’ data for training Grok X, the social media platform owned by Elon Musk, has been targeted with a series of privacy complaints after it helped itself to the data of users in the European Union for training AI models without asking people’s consent. Read full article › Subscribe to noyb newsletter Subscribe Our Institutional Supporters and Sponsors Follow us noyb Legal, Open Source & Privacy Translations Media Contact Collective Redress Main navigation Menu News Our work Projects Cases by DPA Cases by Company Reports & Resources Exercise your rights! Support us! Membership Donations Sponsorship Tax deductability Member Login About us Team Annual Reports FAQs Jobs Collective Redress SecureDrop Media Contact GDPRhub