NPAW – The global video intelligence company - Streaming video analytics and more Solutions QoE/QoS Solutions QoE/QoS Overview QoE Analytics App QoE Analytics Video QoE Analytics Ads Monitoring End-to-End NaLa AI Assistant NPAW Probes Digital Experience Intelligence Engagement Analytics Audience & Content Content Discovery Growth & Retention Advertising Product Analytics User Journey Experiments Actions Recommender Share Blocker M-CDN Solutions Multicast Valeria Customers Company About us NPAW Careers Partners Press Data Privacy and Security Contact Resources Webinars & Interviews White Papers Case Studies Reports & Surveys Events Blog Log in Contact us Languages Español Deutsch Français русский 中文 日本語 Select Page The streaming video analytics platform NPAW is the global leader in holistic, end-to-end video intelligence solutions for streaming services Request demo The NPAW advantage Learn how the NPAW Suite’s comprehensive streaming video analytics capabilities can boost your business One tool, all the solutions Everything your video streaming business needs to thrive, on a single platform End-to-End monitoring and correlating of data across the entire OTT delivery chain Real-time measurement of your user’s perceived quality of experience, in and out of the video player Explore our solutions → Deep audience segmentation and real-time analytics to boost ROI Leverage AI-driven and real-time insights cross-matched with dynamic audience segments to improve engagement, boost retention, and make smarter decisions. Explore Audience & Content → Explore Growth & Retention → Explore Advertising → Explore Share Blocker → Enable smart multi-CDN switching and monitoring Automatically select the right CDN to meet business and audience requirements — all based on real-time quality of experience data Explore our solutions → Understand your content, guide discovery, deliver recommendations, every time Analyze how your content is performing, align your catalog to audience demands, optimize content placement and discovery, and deliver AI-power content recommendations to increase engagement and retention. Explore Audience & Content → Explore Content Discovery → Explore Recommender → Recognize the real user journey and optimize without guesswork Identify real user journeys, navigation patterns, feature adoption, and drop-offs to improve engagement and retention, and leverage A/B testing to validate new changes in a controlled environment. Explore User Journey → Explore Experiments → Optimize multicast video with fast packet recovery & instant channel switching For broadcasters,  premium quality and reliable video transmission using UDP. For streaming video, get high quality, low latency, low cost video using standard encoders. Explore our solutions → Rely on the most advanced video analytics suite in the market 2+ trillion Events processed daily 200+ Customers worldwide 197 Countries tracked (every single country in the world) 100+ Metric & dimensions filter options UPCOMING EVENT DPP Leaders’ Briefing 2025 18th – 19th November 2025  |  London, UK Senior executives from over 30 major media organisations from North America and Europe share exclusive intelligence about their strategic priorities for the year ahead. It’s an event that provides unparalleled business insight and the highest quality networking, tailored to both suppliers and content providers. Meet us there → NPAW has the answers Delivery Solutions Engagement Intelligence Impact Tools Product Analytics QoE Ads Analytics QoE App Analytics QoE Video Analytics QoS Monitoring How do I know if I chose the top-performing providers and partners? Read more → Where and when do I have QoE problems? Read more → How are recent changes impacting my QoE? Read more → Discover our QoE Video Analytics solutions → Are all my ad slots actually being served? Read more → Is poor ad quality causing lower engagement and consumption levels? Read more → What is the right number of ads, length, and position for my platform? Read more → Discover our QoE Ads Analytics solutions → What is causing my users’ app sessions to crash? Read more → Where are my users experiencing traffic bottlenecks and slow load times? Read more → How many login issues are my users encountering? Read more → Discover our QoE App Analytics solutions → How do I secure CDN quality and availability / redundancy at all times? CDN Balancer → How can I best switch between CDNs to meet business and quality needs? CDN Balancer → How can I ensure reliable, high-quality video transmission? Multicast Valeria → Discover our Video Delivery solutions → How does my audience discover and engage with my content? Audience & Content → Content Discovery → How are my strategies driving long-term growth and retention? Growth & Retention → How can I maximize ad revenue? Advertising → Discover our Digital Experience Intelligence solutions → How do users actually navigate my platform? User Journey → How can I maximize the value of every session? User Journey → How can I test and validate changes with confidence? Experiments → Discover our Digital Experience Intelligence solutions → How do I personalize the experience of my audience? Recommender → How can I deliver the right content at the right time? Recommender → How can I detect unfair account sharing? Share Blocker → Discover our Digital Experience Intelligence solutions → How can I monitor service quality of my infrastructure? Monitoring End-To-End → How can I replicate end-user devices of my customers? Monitoring Probes → How can I automate troubleshooting & QA? Monitoring Probes → Discover our QoS Monitoring solutions → A single suite With the NPAW Suite, you have all the streaming video analytics solutions you need on a single platform. The all-in-one approach allows you to avoid data inconsistencies between teams, providing a single source of truth that eliminates interdepartmental disconnect, increases efficiencies, and allows your entire organization to make cohesive data-driven decisions. Plus, you cut down costs by having to pay for and maintain only one analytics tool as opposed to several ones. Analytics for the global streaming industry The NPAW Suite works with all video players in the market and handles up to 15 billion video plays globally every month. We serve all key actors involved in the video streaming space, from OTT platforms to telecom operators and broadcasters. Our analytics solutions include OTT video analytics and video audience measurement, video app analytics, CDN load balancing, and video advertising analytics. Reliable, real-time insights The NPAW Suite of streaming video analytics solutions delivers reliable, real-time insights with no granularity compression. Our solutions are CDN and player agnostic and provide you with a reliable, vendor independent assessment of your service’s quality of experience and quality of service. With unlimited multi-dimensional filtering and over 85 metrics from which to choose, you can look at and segment data in real time with 1-minute granularity. Holistic optimization Thanks to the NPAW Suite’s real-time streaming analytics solutions, you can optimize every key aspect of your video streaming platform. Video content analytics and video engagement metrics give you visibility into your content’s performance, while video session tracking and video app analytics allow you to understand how your users navigate your video app. Combined with insights into CDN performance and platform performance, NPAW offers wholistic software to improve video quality of experience and service. From Buffering to Breakthrough: How TVUP Boosted Quality & Cut Costs By integrating NPAW’s Mid-Stream CDN Balancer into its Multi-CDN architecture, TVUP achieved higher streaming quality, reduced buffering, and cut CDN costs—delivering a seamless experience even during audience peaks. Read case study → The latest industry updates and resources REPORT NPAW Video Streaming Industry Report 2024 Read more → CASE STUDY MotoGP, Cires21 & NPAW combine forces for seamless video delivery Read more → CASE STUDY How Deutsche Telekom and NPAW ensure best in class video quality Read more → Improve your overall product experience with NPAW Contact us to receive a free demo. Discover how our video intelligence solutions can positively impact your product offering. Request Demo Compliance & Sustainability Legal Notice Whistleblower Channel Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Customize Cookies Preferences Follow Follow Follow 4.6 31 reviews SOLUTIONS QoE/QoS SOLUTIONS QoE Analytics Video QoE Analytics App QoE Analytics Ads Monitoring End-to-End NaLa AI Assistant Monitoring Probes DELIVERY SOLUTIONS CDN Balancer Multicast Valeria DIGITAL EXPERIENCE INGELLIGENCE ENGAGEMENT INTELLIGENCE Audience & Content Content Discovery Growth & Retention Advertising PRODUCT ANALYTICS User Journey Experiments ACTIONS Recommender Share Blocker COMPANY About us Customers Careers Partners Press Data Privacy and Security Contact Us LEARN Resources Webinars & Interviews White Papers Case Studies Reports & Surveys Events Blog Solutions × QoE/QoS SOLUTIONS QoE Analytics Video QoE Analytics App QoE Analytics Ads Monitoring End-to-End Monitoring Probes NaLa AI Assistant DIGITAL EXPERIENCE INTELLIGENCE ENGAGEMENT INTELLIGENCE Audience & Content Content Discovery Growth & Retention Advertising PRODUCT ANALYTICS User Journey Experiments ACTIONS Recommender Share Blocker DELIVERY SOLUTIONS CDN Balancer Multicast Valeria NPAW Advantage – Business Intelligence for Video Service Providers Company × ABOUT NPAW About us Careers Partners Press Data Privacy and Security Contact Us NPAW – The Business Intelligence Company Resources × LEARN Webinars & Interviews White Papers Case Studies Reports & Surveys Events Blog REPORT Video Streaming  Industry Report — H1 2025 NPAW Video Streaming Industry Report H1 2025  |   Report Download X