Accessibility links
Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player
NPR 24 Hour Program Stream
On Air Now
HOURLY NEWS
LISTEN LIVE
MY PLAYLIST
NEWSLETTERS
SIGN IN
NPR SHOP
DONATE
NEWS
CULTURE
MUSIC
PODCASTS & SHOWS
SEARCH
Anton Shtuka for NPR
WORLD
For Ukrainians, a nuclear missile museum is a bitter reminder of what the country gave up

The Museum of Strategic Missile Forces tells the story of how Ukraine dismantled its nuclear weapons arsenal after independence in 1991. Today many Ukrainians believe that decision to give up nukes was a mistake.

NATIONAL
'Bomb cyclone' forecasted to bring heavy snow, blizzard conditions and dangerous travel
WORLD
Trump says Ukraine and Russia 'closer than ever' to peace after talks with Zelenskyy
BUSINESS
Memory loss: As AI gobbles up chips, prices for devices may rise
3:43
FINE ART
This painting is missing. Do you have it?
WORLD
Trump and Netanyahu to meet in Florida at a crucial moment for the Gaza ceasefire
WORLD
Russia sends 3 Iranian satellites into orbit, report says
LAW
Pipe bomb suspect told FBI he targeted U.S. political parties, memo says
ASIA
Myanmar is holding phased elections. Here's why they're being called a 'sham'
5:40
Pick Your NPR Station

Looking for your favorite local station's stories or live stream?

STATION FINDER

Sign in or create an account to see your station everywhere you enjoy NPR.

Li Gang/AP/Xinhua
ASIA
Chinese military stages drills around Taiwan to warn 'external forces'

The drills came after Beijing expressed anger at U.S. arms sales, and a statement by Japan's prime minister saying its military could get involved if China were to take action against Taiwan.

Keystone Features/Getty Images
OBITUARIES
Brigitte Bardot, sex goddess of cinema, has died

Legendary screen siren and animal rights activist Brigitte Bardot has died at age 91. The alluring former model starred in numerous movies, often playing the highly sexualized love interest.

LISTEN· 5:19
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
‎/Robert Severi
CULTURE
Kennedy Center vows to sue musician who canceled performance over Trump name change

The Kennedy Center is planning legal action after jazz musician Chuck Redd canceled an annual holiday concert. Redd pulled out after President Trump's name appeared on the building.

Olga Fedorova/AP
EXPLAINER
Election betting on prediction markets apps is set to boom ahead of midterms

Online prediction markets, like Polymarket and Kalshi, were under intense scrutiny in the Biden administration. But Trump officials are embracing the controversial apps, raising new fears about election interference ahead of the midterms.

LISTEN· 4:14
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
Ella Carmen Dale/Handout
CULTURE
'It's behind you!' How Britain goes wild for pantomimes during the holidays

Pantomimes are plays based on a well-known story — often a fairy tale — which are given a bawdy twist. The audience is expected to join in throughout, shouting as loudly as they can.

LISTEN· 4:52
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
tk
GOATS AND SODA
Viral global TikToks: A twist on soccer, Tanzania's Charlie Chaplin, hope in Gaza

TikToks are everywhere (well, except countries like Australia and India, where they've been banned.) We talk to the creators of some of the year's most popular reels from the Global South.

Our top global photo stories from 2025: Fearless women, solo polar bear, healing soups
Top Instagram reels from Goats and Soda in 2025: Plumpy'Nut, aid cuts, soccer grannies
Thyme for some healing soup recipes from around the world
José A. Alvarado Jr.
HEALTH INC.
As insurance prices rise, women puzzle through coverage options for their families

Figuring out the insurance options for families often falls to women. Some say they're delaying marriage, taking side jobs, and putting their kids on Medicaid as premium prices shoot up in 2026.

Ilana Panich-Linsman/Getty Images
OBITUARIES
Disability rights advocate Bob Kafka dead at 79

Bob Kafka was an organizer with ADAPT (American Disabled for Attendant Programs Today), a group which advocates for policy change to support people with disabilities.

LA Johnson/NPR
LIFE KIT
A beginner's guide to building strength and muscle

If your New Year's resolution is to start resistance training, Life Kit is here to help. Sign up for our Guide to Building Strength and get a month of expert tips on how to create a lasting routine.

Rick Bowmer/AP
NATIONAL
Jeffrey R. Holland, next in line to lead Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, dies at 85

Jeffrey R. Holland led the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, a key governing body. He was next in line to become the church's president.

Stephanie Scarbrough/AP
NATIONAL
Judge to hold hearing on whether Kilmar Abrego Garcia is being vindictively prosecuted

A federal judge this week canceled the trial of Kilmar Abrego Garcia, and scheduled a hearing on whether the prosecution is being vindictive in pursuing a human smuggling case against him.

Scott Barbour/Getty Images
HEALTH
Should the U.S. model its vaccine policy on Denmark's? Experts say we're nothing alike

The Trump administration wants to revamp U.S. childhood vaccination recommendations to align with some other peer nations, including one tiny country in northern Europe.

Stephen Brashear/Getty Images
NATIONAL
Why do airline computer systems fail? What the industry can learn from meltdowns

Alaska Airlines is the latest airline to ground its planes because of an IT meltdown. We talked to industry leaders about why these systems fail, and what airlines can learn from past disruptions.

LISTEN· 4:21
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
NPR
REVIEW
BOOKS WE LOVE
Hunker down with these 13 mysteries and thrillers from 2025

Mysteries and thrillers are enjoyable no matter the season, but there's something extra satisfying about curling up in the winter with a warm drink and an all-engrossing read. Here's what we suggest.

REVIEW
TV REVIEWS
A top-10 list can't contain all the great TV of 2025
9:13
REVIEW
BOOKS WE LOVE
Here are the Books We Love: 380+ great reads recommended by NPR
VISUAL
2025: The images that stayed with us
MUSIC
The best songs and albums of the year, and the biggest music news
GAMING
The year's best board games and video games, picked by NPR's staff
REVIEW
WHAT TO WATCH
NPR critics' favorite movies and TV of 2025
CULTURE
It's the first-ever Pod Club Awards
REVIEW
BOOKS WE LOVE
Feast your eyes on these 10 cookbooks from 2025
Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images
CONSIDER THIS FROM NPR
Listen: U.S. foreign aid changed in 2025 – and it was felt around the world

On the night of his inauguration, President Trump signed an executive order that froze almost all international assistance. Now, the future of U.S. foreign assistance looks very different.

LISTEN· 11:07
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
WATCH
GIVĒON: Tiny Desk Concert
Volume 90%
 

GIVĒON: Tiny Desk Concert

Sixpence None the Richer: Tiny Desk Concert

Odeal: Tiny Desk Concert

Sean Shibe: Tiny Desk Concert

Billy Strings: Tiny Desk Concert

Annie DiRusso: Tiny Desk Concert

Air: Tiny Desk Concert

Brandi Carlile: Tiny Desk Concert

David Byrne: Tiny Desk Concert

SEVENTEEN: Tiny Desk Concert

Robert Plant: Tiny Desk Concert

Goo Goo Dolls: Tiny Desk Concert

Ghost-Note: Tiny Desk Concert

Pulp: Tiny Desk Concert

Kris Davis Trio: Tiny Desk Concert

Nova Twins: Tiny Desk Concert

The Doobie Brothers: Tiny Desk Concert

Emily King: Tiny Desk Concert

clipping.: Tiny Desk Concert

Oklou: Tiny Desk Concert

The Beaches: Tiny Desk Concert

Asake: Tiny Desk Concert

Parcels: Tiny Desk Concert

Kokoroko: Tiny Desk Concert

Tame Impala: Tiny Desk Concert

Silvana Estrada: Tiny Desk Concert

Gloria Estefan: Tiny Desk Concert

Macario Martínez: Tiny Desk Concert

31 Minutos: Tiny Desk Concert

Rubio: Tiny Desk Concert

Adrian Quesada: Tiny Desk Concert

Chuwi: Tiny Desk Concert

Carlos Vives: Tiny Desk Concert

Lido Pimienta: Tiny Desk Concert

Luiza Brina: Tiny Desk Concert

Fito Páez: Tiny Desk Concert

Turnstile: Tiny Desk Concert

Ed Sheeran: Tiny Desk Concert

Michael Mayo: Tiny Desk Concert

PinkPantheress: Tiny Desk Concert

Mustafa: Tiny Desk Concert

The All-American Rejects: Field Recordings x Aspen Ideas Festival

Lucius: Field Recordings x Aspen Ideas Festival

MILCK: Field Recordings x Aspen Ideas Festival

Daymé Arocena: Field Recordings x Aspen Ideas Festival

John Oates: Field Recordings x Aspen Ideas Festival

Ty Segall: Tiny Desk Concert

Guster: Tiny Desk Concert

GIVĒON: Tiny Desk Concert

GIVĒON treats performance as therapy, pouring out his heart like a bottle of wine. The R&B singer treats us to ballads and anthems of heartache, backed by strings and horns.

Charlie Riedel/AP
NATIONAL
Marijuana rescheduling would bring some immediate changes, but others will take time

President Trump set the process in motion to ease federal restrictions on marijuana. But his order doesn't automatically revoke laws targeting marijuana, which remains illegal to transport over state lines.

Benjamin Kay/Washington University in St. Louis
TREATMENTS
ADHD drugs may work indirectly to boost attention

Drugs like Adderall and Ritalin appear to help children with ADHD by activating brain areas involved in alertness and motivation.

LISTEN· 3:47
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
‎/Searchlight Pictures
MOVIES
Amanda Seyfried's tally for 2025: 3 starring roles, 2 Golden Globe nominations

Amanda Seyfried is up for a Golden Globe for her performance in The Testament of Ann Lee, a movie musical about the leader of the Shakers, the 18th-century religious movement that preached celibacy, gender and racial equality, and pacifism.

LISTEN· 7:01
PLAYLIST
Transcript
Embed
Transcript
Ed Ford/AP
MOVIES
The real ping pong champion — and hustler — who inspired 'Marty Supreme'

Marty Reisman was nicknamed "The Needle" for his slender physique. He dressed well and put on a show.

Screenshot by NPR
POP CULTURE
The cultural works becoming public domain in 2026, from Betty Boop to Nancy Drew

The original Betty Boop, the first four Nancy Drew books and Greta Garbo's first talkie are among the many works from 1930 that will be free to use, share and remake starting on Jan. 1.

U.S. Department of Justice/AP
POLITICS
The DOJ says it may need a 'few more weeks' to finish releasing the Epstein files

The Justice Department said Wednesday that it may need a "few more weeks" to release its records on the late sex offender Jeffrey Epstein after discovering more than a million potentially relevant documents.

Matias Delacroix/AP
CLIMATE
What does climate change look like? This year's hurricane season is one example

The Atlantic hurricane season produced a normal number of storms, compared to more frequent storms in recent years. But the storms that did form were huge.

more from
news
culture
music
READ & LISTEN
Home
News
Culture
Music
Podcasts & Shows
CONNECT
Newsletters
Facebook
Instagram
Press
Public Editor
Corrections
Transcripts
Contact & Help
ABOUT NPR
Overview
Diversity
NPR Network
Accessibility
Ethics
Finances
GET INVOLVED
Support Public Radio
Sponsor NPR
NPR Careers
NPR Shop
NPR Extra
terms of use
privacy
your privacy choices
text only
© 2025 npr

Sponsor Message

Become an NPR sponsor

By clicking “Accept All Cookies” or continuing, you agree to the use of cookies, similar tracking and storage technologies, and information about your device to enhance your viewing, listening and user experience, personalize content, personalize messages from NPR’s sponsors, provide social media features, and analyze NPR’s traffic. This information is shared with social media, sponsorship, analytics, and other vendors or service providers. You may customize which cookies you accept in "Cookie Settings."
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies