Skip to main content
Search Site by keywords
About
Research
Partner With Us
News
Careers
Energy Department Renames NREL 'National Laboratory of the Rockies'
Read More 

National Laboratory of the Rockies (NLR) bridges research with real-world applications to advance energy technologies that lower costs, boost the economy, strengthen security, and ensure abundant energy.

Data and Tools

Find NLR-developed data sets, maps, models, and tools used for the analysis of advanced energy technologies.

Find a Job

Explore our current job postings, which include research positions and other career opportunities in a variety of fields.

Partner With Us

Work with NLR to accelerate the advancement of energy technologies to the marketplace.

News
Subscribe
Data-Driven Strategies Fortify the Distribution Grid Against Extreme Events

Dec. 23, 2025

Could American 'Spirited Self-Determination' Reshape Energy?

Dec. 23, 2025

38 Coastal, Remote, and Island Communities To Pursue Energy Reliability via Energy Technology Innovation Partnership Project

Dec. 17, 2025

28 Local Leaders To Join Peer-Learning Cohorts on Two New Energy Topics

Dec. 16, 2025

Recent Publications

Advanced Computing 2024 Annual Report, Brochure (2025)

An Integrated Paradigm for the Management of Delivery Risk in Electricity Markets: From Batteries to Insurance and Beyond, Technical Report (2025)

A Novel High-Temperature Generator/Motor Design: With Applications in Geothermal Drilling and Other Industries, Fact Sheet (2025)

Data Center Infrastructure in the United States, Map (2025)

FAST-DERMS: An Architecture to Control the Grid of the Future, Fact Sheet (2025)

Research Areas

Advanced Manufacturing

Bioenergy and Bioeconomy

Buildings

Chemistry and Nanoscience

Computational Science

Energy Systems Analysis

Energy Security and Resilience

Energy Storage

Geothermal

Grid Modernization

Hydrogen and Fuel Cells

International Activities

Materials Science

Solar

State, Local, and Tribal Governments

Transportation and Mobility

Water

Wind

Workforce

Share

     

Last Updated Dec. 24, 2025

National Laboratory of the Rockies
About
Research
Partner With Us
News
Careers
Contact Us
Visit
Subscribe to NLR
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Security and Privacy
Site Feedback
Developers
Employees
 

The National Laboratory of the Rockies is a national laboratory of the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Critical Minerals and Energy Innovation, operated under Contract No. DE-AC36-08GO28308.