This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Cookies settings
Accept all
Decline all
Why N.Rich
Who we help
Pricing
Resources
EN
Sign in
Book a demo
ACCOUNT-BASED MARKETING PLATFORM
Drive ABM results
your CEO can’t ignore
Replace the blame game with campaigns that work and results you can prove — beyond just impressions and leads.
Book a demo
 3-min video tour

Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for ABM Platforms

TRUSTED BY THE BEST IN B2B
N.Rich makes ABM work for everyone

Turn sales and marketing turf wars into teamwork — and demonstrate how everyone wins when working as one GTM team

BEFORE N.RICH
WITH N.RICH

Black-box, low-quality intent data

Clear first-party signals sales knows how to act on

No visibility across teams, siloed inbound vs outbound mindset

Mixbound approach — marketing warming up the ICP, sales booking the deal

Marketers struggling to prove business impact of ABM

Intuitive dashboards that show marketing impact on the bottom line

CPM model: 70%+ of ad spend wasted on impressions

Cost-per-engagement model: you only pay for meaningful ICP engagement

What happens when sales & marketing play as one team

Revenue leaders know the inbound vs. outbound debate is outdated — yet most teams remain stuck in it. N.Rich gives you the data and reporting to make the shift to Mixbound the clear next step.

HIGHER CONVERSION RATE

Show how marketing warm-up helps sales convert more accounts into pipeline — and finally make your brand campaigns make sense from a revenue perspective.

SHORTER SALES CYCLE

When buyers trust your brand, deals don’t get stuck. Proactively distribute content to your ICP and connect engagement signals to sales cycle length.

UPLIFT IN AVERAGE DEAL SIZE

ABM is all about winning bigger clients — making deal size the key indicator of program performance. N.Rich helps you measure that impact instantly.

Book a demo
Drive ABM results
on technology built to last

N.Rich is an execution-first ABM platform that combines
all the core capabilities needed for marketing teams to plan,
launch, and analyze account-based campaigns

ACCOUNT LISTS
INTENT DATA
ACCOUNT-BASED ADVERTISING
ACCOUNT-BASED ANALYTICS
Build your ICP account list

Create account lists that precisely match your ideal customer profile — using a combination of firmographic and technographic data with intent signals. Once built, lists can be automatically synced to your CRM and ad platforms, ensuring your marketing and sales efforts are always targeting the right accounts.

No more countless Excel files — with N.Rich, you can always reach the accounts that matter and keep your campaigns perfectly aligned with your ICP.

Learn more
Benchmark intent with Ist-party and
3rd-party intent data

Most B2B buyers do their research long before filling out a form. N.Rich helps you spot those signals early by showing which companies (and in the U.S., even which individuals) are visiting your site, what content they engage with, and what topics they're exploring across the web.

Track which channels bring real ICP traffic, push alerts straight to your sales team, and even sync hot accounts into Linkedln audiences — so marketing and sales both know where to focus.

Learn more
Pay only for real engagement
(not impressions)

When you're moving upmarket, traditional advertising channels don't work anymore - you need a purpose-built account-based ad platform.

N.Rich is the only B2B DSP built to generate and capture meaningful engagement signals from your ICP accounts. Stop paying for impressions — you're charged only when your target accounts engage with your videos, articles, or display banners.

 
 

 

 

Learn more
Demonstrate impact on pipeline and revenue

If you feel uneasy every time the CFO asks, "What's the ROI of this?", N.Rich has you covered. The GTM Leader Dashboard and Sales Velocity Dashboard help you connect marketing touchpoints to bottom- line results: pipeline conversion, average deal size, sales cycle length, and ultimately - revenue.

Make every marketing interaction count and always have the data to justify your request for more budget.

Learn more
Your AI ABM copilot, available 24/7

N.Rich’s AI agents help you execute even the most complex ABM tasks that used to take hours of in-house and agency work.

AI Workflows: ensure each account on your TAM is exposed to the right content at the right time.
AI Content Generator: craft compelling ads at scale tailored to specific account segments, their stage in the buyer journey, and their role in the buying committee.
AI Campaign Planner: automate the daunting task of creating the structure for your upcoming campaign.
Hear from our customers

Over 250 GTM teams use N.Rich to build
aligned, high-impact ABM programs

10x Conversion to opportunity for ICP accounts

Virta used N.Rich to build an ICP model increasing account-to-opportunity conversion by 10X and opportunity win rates by 6X...

Learn more

270% Improved win rate

EHS Insight improved win rates for key accounts by 270% by introducing the mixbound model...

Learn more

40% Higher conversion to SQL

Powell Software grew account-to-SQL conversion by 40% after N.Rich campaigns...

Learn more

Dorothea Gam

CMO

MOUSEFLOW

"It has made our work as marketers significantly easier, especially in moving each lead seamlessly through the different stages of the marketing funnel. Automation removes the need for manual lead progression through the funnel, saving time and reducing errors. The support and customer success teams are a pleasure to work with."

Samuli Ahola

Director of digital sales and marketing

VIRTA

"Results are really good. We generated €13 million in created pipeline and roughly €1.3 million in closed sales influenced by ABM campaigns run through N.Rich. Account-based advertising definitely has an impact especially when you have this joint effort between sales and marketing. That is when you know exactly which companies you're going after."

RECOGNIZED BY USERS AND ANALYSTS WORLDWIDE

Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for ABM Platforms

Test N.Rich with your own data

Find out how many of your ideal customers already researching you or your competition and turn the insight into an action plan to convert them into pipeline!

By submitting this form, I confirm that I have read and agree to N.Rich Privacy Policy*
PRODUCT
Scalable B2B Advertising
Dynamic ICP Builder
Opportunity Attribution
Predictive Intent Data
Integrations
Pricing
RESOURCES
Blog
[Special Offer] GTM Assessment
Knowledge Base
N.Rich Partner Directory
Referral Program
ABM Template Toolkit
N.Rich For Agencies
COMPARE
N.Rich vs 6sense
N.Rich vs Bombora
COMPANY
contact@n.rich
About Us
Our offices
ISO 27001:2022 & 27701:2019 Information
Careers
PRIVACY
Privacy Notice For Suppliers
Privacy Notice For Potential Customers
Privacy Notice For Users
Advertising Opt Out
Do Not Sell My Personal Data
Privacy Notice

© 2025 N.Rich Technologies Oy