About NSC
Support NSC
Events
Member Corner
Instructor Corner
Register  
Sign In
 

Training

Resources

Topics

Services

Off the Job

Get Involved

Shop

0
NSC Safety MAAP

A free tool to help you identify where you are on your safety journey and next steps to improve safety.

Get Started

Training & Courses

Armed with the latest research, NSC safety training goes beyond the basics and is trusted worldwide.

Continue reading >

Support NSC

Philanthropic contributions are critical as we strive to create a nation focused on the safety of one another.


Continue reading >

Membership

A strong safety culture is good for business and good for employees.  Let NSC show you the way.


Continue reading >





MSD Solutions Commons

MSD Solutions Commons, a community-powered library, delivers curated resources for mitigating ergonomic and musculoskeletal risks and injuries. Musculoskeletal disorders make up almost 30% of all nonfatal work injuries and cost businesses $18 billion a year.


Find Your Solutions
NSC Top Safety Courses

WORKPLACE

For Supervisors: Impairment Recognition and Response

Supervisors are key to limiting impairment risks in the workplace, and this training provides them with the tools to do just that.

DEFENSIVE DRIVING

Online Driver Safety Training


NSC Defensive Driving Online training helps drivers to make better choices and avoid collisions.

FIRST AID

First Aid Online Training

NSC offers first aid training online as an affordable, convenient option for individuals whose work assignments make it difficult to complete classroom training.

Discover Safety Courses
“
With the best ideas, the right tools and everyone showing up to redefine what’s possible, no safety challenge will be too big for us to overcome, from the workplace to anyplace.
Lorraine Martin

Chief Executive Officer

National Safety Council



Promoting Safe Workplaces

Fleet Safety

NSC Driver Safety curriculum uses the latest research-based techniques and examines driver behavioral patterns, attitudes and habits.

Train Your Employees >

Employee Safety Surveys


NSC employee survey solutions provide reliable, measurable feedback from employees at all levels. What do your employees think of your safety culture?

Continue Reading >


Safety Facts

Fatigue is estimated to cost employers $136 billion a year in health-related lost productivity. 


Learn what you can do and see who's at risk

In 2020, an estimated 42,000 people lost their lives to car crashes. 

Be alert and stay safe with the following tips

Workers with substance use disorders miss nearly 50% more days than their peers.


Calculate the costs for your organization

More than 800,000 patients are hospitalized each year because of injuries due to a fall.

Here are some resources to help

NSC Safety First Blog

Provides timely perspectives on safety trends and solutions.

Safety & Health

View occupational safety news and industry trends.

Events

Find the latest and greatest safety events of the year.

Newsroom

See what the Council is up to or request an interview with a team member.

Also of Interest:
First Aid, CPR and AED TrainingWork Safety TopicsLift Truck Operator - Train the Trainer
Get the Latest Safety News
Sign Up Now
    
Save lives, from the workplace to anyplace.

The National Safety Council is America’s leading nonprofit safety advocate. We focus on eliminating the leading causes of preventable injuries and deaths.

 
Newsroom
Careers
Shop Return Policy
Contact Us
Privacy & Terms
Cookies Settings
 DARK MODE

© Copyright 2025 National Safety Council

Continue Shopping
Shopping Cart

There are no items in your cart

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies Reject All
Cookies Settings