NSF | The Public Health and Safety Organization Careers Client Login Geography: United States (English) NSF Logo Sectors Services Resources About Contact Us Certified Products and Systems NSF Logo Contact us Chat with us NSF/ANSI 14: The Standard for Plastic Piping Systems Trusted since 1965. Setting standards for tomorrow. Explore the Standard Search NSF.org Search Certified Products and Systems Search NSF.org Search Certified Products and Systems NSF In Focus 0 Certified Products Learn More 0 Audits per Year Learn More 0 Published Standards and Protocols Learn More What We Do We're a globally recognized organization for public health standards. We conduct testing, auditing, and certification, supported by accredited labs. Additionally, we provide top-tier consulting and training for brands and businesses. Learn More About NSF The NSF Commitment The NSF certification mark is a pledge of assurance. It signifies our products consistently meet or exceed standards, instilling confidence in quality and safety for consumers, retailers, and regulators. Learn More About The NSF Mark NSF Standards Comprehensive assessment standards for public health and sustainability in the food and water sectors. Learn More About NSF Standards Celebrating 80 Years of Improving Human and Planet Health Read the digital book Join Our Team Explore Opportunities How NSF Can Help You Get in touch to find out how we can help you and your business thrive. Contact Us News and Events NSF will Exhibit at GFSI Conference in Vancouver December 15, 2025 NSF is proud to join global food safety leaders at the 2026 GFSI Conference, taking place March 24–26 at the Vancouver Convention Centre. This premier event brings together over 600 delegates from 40+ countries to advance food safety and consumer trust worldwide. Read the Story NSF Research Reveals Nearly One in Four European Pharma Companies Face Critical Regulatory Risks December 11, 2025 Independent survey exposes significant gaps in quality systems, supply chain oversight and data integration as EU GMP regulations tighten. Read the Story NSF Showcases Certification and Compliance Expertise at SupplySide Global 2025 October 13, 2025 NSF returns to SupplySide Global with expert-led GMP training, trusted certification solutions and over two decades of leadership in the Nutrition and Wellness space. Visit Booth 4341 to learn how NSF helps brands build trust and stay compliant in a fast-moving market. Read the Story NSF and Impossible Foods Announce Impossible® Beef and Impossible® Burger as First Plant-Based Meats to be NSF Certified for Sport® October 9, 2025 Impossible Foods’ plant-based beef and burger products are now NSF Certified for Sport®—a first for fresh plant-based meat. This gold-standard certification confirms their safety, quality, and nutritional value for athletes, with 19g of complete protein, zero cholesterol, and significantly less fat than animal meat. Read the Story Search Certified Products and Systems NSF Logo Sectors Food and Beverage Water Systems Life Sciences Nutrition and Wellness Transportation Services Auditing Certification Consulting Training Labs and Testing Information Security NSF TraQtion® Sustainability Electrical Safety Resources Careers Contact Us News Press Room Media Resources Frequently Asked Questions Public Notices Client Login Search Certified Products and Systems Purchase NSF Standards Connect with NSF LinkedIn LinkedIn Logo linkedin Instagram Instagram Logo instagram Privacy and Copyright Code of Ethics AODA Accessibility Plan NSF ATS Data Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement © 2025 NSF. All rights reserved.