Download Nintendo Switch ROMs (NSP/ XCI) for Yuzu/ Ryujinx/ Suyu Emulator- NSWPEDIA.COM NSWpedia.com Switch ROMs Exclusives Tutorials More About Us , Privacy Policy , Contact NSWpedia.com NSWpedia.com Switch ROMs Exclusives Tutorials NSWpedia.com Tips/ Tutorials The best Nintendo Switch and Switch 2 Games in the final week of September 2025 Hello everyone. Welcome to the NSWpedia blog, where we’ll be looking at some of the games… September 30, 2025 Upcoming Nintendo Switch Games: A July Showcase Many people used to say that the Switch 2 only had Mario Kart World to play…. June 25, 2025 Recently Announced and Released New Games for Nintendo Switch 2 & 1 It’s time to meet your new favorite games. We have eight newly announced titles and four… April 14, 2025 The Best NEW Nintendo Switch Games Coming APRIL 2025 As usual, once a month, we publish a compilation article to introduce you to the upcoming… March 26, 2025 Ready for Must-Play Nintendo Games in January 2025 January 2025 is shaping up to be an exciting month for Nintendo Switch gamers, with a… December 24, 2024 The Best New Games Released for Nintendo Switch in Early December Welcome to the NSWPedia blog! If you’re unsure about which new games to play on your… December 9, 2024 All you need to know about 1fichier.com 1fichier: A Reliable and Affordable Cloud Storage Service If you frequently download Nintendo Switch ROMs at… October 24, 2024 Must-Have Nintendo Switch Games This October As usual, NSWPedia is here to show you the Nintendo Switch games coming out in October… September 23, 2024 Latest ROMs See all Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Exclusives NSP + 5.1 GB Adventure, Puzzle, RPG December 30, 2025 Animal Crossing: New Horizons Exclusives NSP + 6.23 GB Simulation December 30, 2025 Pokémon Scarlet Exclusives XCI + 6.63 GB RPG December 30, 2025 DRAGON BALL Sparking ZERO + 6DLCs XCI + 8 GB Fighting December 30, 2025 Super Mario Odyssey Exclusives NSP + 5.22 GB Adventure, Platformer December 30, 2025 The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom Exclusives XCI + 16.3 GB Action December 30, 2025 The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild NSP + 13.4 GB Action December 30, 2025 Super Mario 3D World + Bowser’s Fury Exclusives NSP + 2.9 GB Action, Platformer December 30, 2025 Super Mario 3D All-Stars Exclusives NSP + 4.8 GB Action, Platformer December 30, 2025 Red Dead Redemption NSP + 11.29 GB Action, Shooting December 30, 2025 New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe Exclusives NSP + 2.50 GB Action, Platformer December 30, 2025 Metroid Prime Remastered Exclusives NSP + 6.76 GB Action December 30, 2025 Popular ROMs See all Pokémon Legends: Z-A + DLCs Exclusives NSP + 4.06 GB Adventure, RPG December 30, 2025 Pokemon Let’s Go Pikachu XCI + 4.2 GB Action December 30, 2025 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Exclusives NSP + 6.83 GB Multiplayer, Racing December 28, 2025 Pokémon Brilliant Diamond Exclusives NSP + 4.65 GB RPG December 30, 2025 The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild NSP + 13.4 GB Action December 30, 2025 Pokémon Shield XCI + 9.6 GB Adventure, RPG December 23, 2025 Super Mario 3D World + Bowser’s Fury Exclusives NSP + 2.9 GB Action, Platformer December 30, 2025 The Legend of Zelda: Echoes of Wisdom Exclusives NSP + 6.05 GB Adventure, RPG December 30, 2025 The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom Exclusives XCI + 16.3 GB Action December 30, 2025 Super Mario Odyssey Exclusives NSP + 5.22 GB Adventure, Platformer December 30, 2025 Hollow Knight: Silksong NSP + 2.32 GB Action, Adventure November 26, 2025 MIG Switch Game Collection XCI + 3.8TB Games September 21, 2025 Hello, we are NSWpedia team. NSWPedia is an open playground for Nintendo Switch users or anyone who loves this amazing gaming device. We have developed this website with the important goal of sharing everything related to this system, including updates, game lists, emulators, and much more. NSWPedia.COM is where you can find and download for free over 10,000 original and updated game ROM files for the Nintendo Switch. The files are fully compatible with Switch emulators. You can also easily install them on a hacked device using Tinfoil or DBI Installer. We have divided the games into specific categories. You can browse through the categories to download any Nintendo Switch game you want. However, if you already have a name in mind, you can easily find them using the search bar at the top right corner. About Nintendo Switch and its game library Nintendo introduced the Nintendo Switch in 2017, marking major changes in the global video game industry market. We all recognize that the Switch is an amazing gaming device. Fair to say, it can be said that it is the best handheld game console in history ever created. The truth is that the Switch is a hybrid device because, besides being in handheld mode, you can place it in the dock to play on a big screen. However, due to its small, portable exterior, we all assume the Nintendo Switch is a handheld gaming device. The Nintendo Switch game library at the moment has had over 10,000 titles released. This number increases daily. The increasing interest of game developers in the Nintendo Switch is growing as this system becomes more and more popular and highly profitable. Although it is a handheld gaming device, the Switch is configured as a powerful game console. Not to mention the good optimization from game makers makes games on this platform always high quality. Many games on the Nintendo Switch have the full standards of a 3A game, including sharp graphics, compelling storylines, unique gameplay, and great performance. The mobility of the Switch and its diverse game library are selling points. In addition to the traditional handheld mode, players can use Dock mode to enjoy games on larger screens like TVs, computer monitors, and projectors. What are Nintendo Switch Roms? How to use them? First you need to know what ROM is. It stands for Read-Only Memory. In the Nintendo Switch field, ROM is a complete digital backup copy of a Switch game including scripts, images, data, language packs, sounds and everything else. A standard ROM file must be in NSP or XCI format. There are some other compressed formats you may encounter like ZIP, RAR and NSZ. They must be uncompressed to use. A NSW ROM file allows you to play that game on other devices without needing an original Switch device. The most common way is through emulators. There are two ways to own a Nintendo Switch ROM. And no matter how you do it, the result is the same. Game Cartridge Dump: This is a direct backup from an official Switch game cartridge. eShop Dump: If you have purchased a game from the Nintendo eShop, you can export it to get the original ROM file Exporting a ROM file for the Nintendo Switch from a physical game disc or digital file from the eShop is not easy. Even if you have the necessary tools, the extraction process still has risks. That’s why this site was created, where you can download all extracted ROM files for free in standard formats. After you download a Nintendo Switch Game ROM, you will need to know how to make it work. To use a Switch ROM, you need: An emulator: Currently, we have three popular and safe Nintendo Switch emulators, which are Yuzu, Ryujinx, and Egg NS. A powerful enough system: Current emulators support Windows, macOS, and Android. However, to ensure the best playing experience, you need a system with a strong enough configuration. Or a hacked Switch or MOD CHIP: With a hacked system, you can easily install ROMs via third-party tools like Tinfoil or DBI Installer. Now, you can find all released game ROMs for the Nintendo Switch at NSWPedia.COM and download them completely free. Where to find Nintendo Switch Roms? Finding the perfect ROM is an extremely difficult task. But if you have come to NSWPedia, everything becomes surprisingly easy. Our team is present in every nook and cranny on the Internet to collect ROM files for the Nintendo Switch. These are newly released, trending and popular games. As long as the games have been officially released on the Nintendo eShop, you can find their ROM files here. In addition, you can download ROMs from legal sources like the Nintendo eShop. They provide legal and safe games but you need to purchase them before using. The best Nintendo Switch emulators There are currently many Nintendo Switch compatible emulators for different operating systems, including Windows, Mac, Android, iOS and Linux. Below is a list of the best Switch emulators voted by our editors. Choose and download the emulator compatible with your system to enjoy NSP games on it. Ryujinx Ryujinx is a Nintendo Switch emulator developed by GDKChan. It provides a smooth and efficient experience when running ROMs. With its friendly and accessible interface, it brings maximum convenience to users. Ryujinx is completely free and compatible with Windows, macOS, and Linux operating systems, opening up the world of Nintendo Switch games to everyone without any effort. Yuzu Yuzu, an open-source project established by the Citra team, is a game emulator developed based on the C++ language. Designed for high compatibility with Windows, Linux and Android operating systems, Yuzu is continuously improved by the development team through the addition of new features and bug fixes, with the goal of providing a smoother and more impressive experience. Egg NS Emulator If you want to run ROMs on your Android device, we recommend using the Egg NS Emulator app. It is completely free and supports two file formats: NSP and XCI. With its user interface, it will help players use it easily. You can play your favorite Nintendo Switch games on your Android device with the highest graphics quality. FAQ What are the ROM formats for Nintendo Switch? Currently, the Switch only has two standard formats officially endorsed by Nintendo which are NSP (Nintendo Submission Package) and XCI (game data storage file). If you download a file with a different format, it may be a scam. So make sure you are downloading Nintendo Switch ROMs from our website. Are Nintendo Switch ROMs safe to use? 100% safe. Can I run Nintendo Switch ROMs on which systems? Thanks to emulators, you can now run ROM files and enjoy original Nintendo Switch games without needing the original system. Currently, we can confirm that there are Switch emulators that support Windows, MacOS and Android. If you are using these systems, you can download a compatible emulator and play Switch games for free. What is the minimum configuration to play Nintendo Switch games? Nintendo Switch emulators can run original games smoothly. But for the best gaming experience, your system must meet the minimum requirements of the emulator. Below are the standards for using Switch emulators: Computers (including Windows, Mac and Linux): Intel i5 CPU or equivalent, along with at least 8 GB RAM and minimum GTX 1050Ti GPU Mobile devices Android and iOS: Recommended to have at least 4-core CPU and 6 GB RAM. This configuration will help ensure smooth gaming experience, minimizing lag and stutter when using the emulator. Is NSWPedia safe? Certainly, the game ROM collection that NSWPedia collects and shares are all in standard and safe formats. We commit that the content you browse on our website is safe. You may see some ads on the Website but don’t worry because they are safe. Advertising is the only way we can make money to maintain storage servers. How does NSWPedia work? NSWPedia is a non-profit website. We operate entirely on donations and ad revenue from ads placed on the website. As Nintendo Switch owners and Switch emulator users, we know the sources to download the latest and fastest game ROM files. The compilation will then be published on the website. People can then browse the game catalog or search to find games they love or suit their needs. NSWPedia listens to feedback from you and other users to continue upgrading and improving the games as well as the quality of other games to be posted in the future. What makes NSWPedia different from the rest? You can download all files at maximum speed. We store all files on a dedicated server so you can download them directly and easily. Does NSWPedia cost money? No, NSWPedia is a non-profit website where you can use all services completely free and forever. This project will be maintained by us as long as possible. If you want to contribute a part to the Nintendo Switch ROMs user community on emulators then you can join us. Everyone is always welcome here. About Us , Privacy Policy , Contact