



Home
About Us
Tenders
Policies
Regional Offices
Contact Us
Apply/Downloads
Bill - Payment Options
اردو




Maj Gen (R) Ali Farhan, HI(M) - MD NTC, Presented shield to Zahid Akhtar Zaman - Chief Secretary Punjab, during his visit to Home Department - Govt. of Punjab
❮
❯




Maj. Gen. (R) Ali Farhan, HI (M) - Managing Director NTC

	

The National Telecommunication Corporation (NTC) serves as the official Telecom and ICT service provider for the Government of Pakistan. Our extensive service portfolio includes basic Telephony, Green Lines, Broadband Internet, Email, Intranet, Data Center Solutions, Video Conferencing, Virtual Private Networks (VPN), Radio Wireless Networking, Colocation, Mobile Broadband (MBB), SMS, and Call Center Services. These services are delivered to the Federal and Provincial Governments, Armed Forces, Defense-related projects, and other government entities as the Federal Government may determine.

Modern capabilities like AI, 5G, GPON and Low Earth Orbit Satellite connectivity as well as immense capacities to store, transmit and process huge data volumes are reshaping the way we think and operate. This transformative, transitionary and evolving environment poses monumental challenges and opportunities to the technology providers, operators and managers across the board.

Read More >>
		
Happening on X

Tweets by NTCPakistan






	


Services

	

POTS	Data Services

	

Media	Co-Location


	


Projects

	Expansion of National Data Center at Islamabad to facilitate Govt. for its Digital Pakistan Vision.
 	 

	Established Disaster Recovery Center (DRC) Lahore for National Data Center to strengthen the security and availability of Government Data
 	 

	Migration from old lagacy system to State of the Art Next Generation Network (NGN)


	








News & Events




	


NTC - Nation Wide Presence
		


ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Certified Data Center
		
 	Inauguration of NTC Digital Services at University of Swat	 
	Read More >>	
 
 	E-PADS Training for NTC Officers / Officials Held NTC	 
	Read More >>	
 
	




Latest Offers




	



NTC Mobile Broadband



NTC has signed agreements with various operators to meet the current demands of its cusotmer for Mobile Broadband. NTC customers can avail Broadband Service with Multipile options like limited/unlimited offers with Dongle/Wifi/Myfi devices



Read More >>
		



ccTLD پاکستان.



On directions of MoIT, NTC has undertaken the responsibility for managing, registering and administrating پاکستان. domain name. NTC will provide پاکستان. domain space, DNS parking service, registration and maintenance of پاکستان. domain names. It will enable all Pakistan domains to register Domain names in Pakistani local languages and it will provide a platform for local content development in Pakistani languages.



Read More >>
		



Microsoft and NTC recently entered into a SPLA (Services Provider License Agreement) to serve the Pakistani customer under Public Private Partnership (PPP) as per Telecom Policy, 2015. With this agreement NTC can license Microsoft products to host software services and applications for their customers on monthly basis.



Read More >>
		





National Telecommunication Corporation (NTC) and VMware International Limited signed a VMware Cloud Provider Program (VCPP). NTC will have latest VMware Products available for its own needs as well as for NTC customers. NTC is the 1st in APJ (Asia-Pacific & Japan) and 1 among 3 in the world for On-Prem Airwatch Public Cloud Provider.



Read More >>
	




Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2025
Terms
Report a map error
This page can't load Google Maps correctly.
Do you own this website?	OK
	

How to Reach Us





Register Complaints on 24X7 NTC Call Center for Timely Resolution

From NTC Network Dial                             :       1218
   From Any Other/Mobile Network Dial       : 1916 1218

© 2025 National Telecom Corporation. All Rights Reserved | NTC IT Department | Webmaster@ntc.net.pk