NTS | Don't Assume Up Next 0:00:00 0:00:00 Up Next Similar to what you are listening to Sorry, we couldn't find any episodes. Please try again later... Play Radio Latest Explore Infinite Mixtapes Shop NTS Supporters Gift NTS Supporters My NTS Events Podcasts Videos News About NTS Supporters Help and Feedback iOS App Android App Join the Chat Newsletter Live now 1 Play 2 Play 1 Next on 1 … 2 Next on 2 … Personalised Recommendations Sign up or log in to MY NTS and get personalised recommendations Unlock Live Tracklists Support NTS for timestamps across live channels and the archive Find out more Live on 1 No tracks found... Play In Focus: Stevie Wonder Our final In Focus of the year is always a banger. This episode runs through two hours of classics and deep cuts by a pop, soul and R'n'B icon. sale SHOP NOW Play Baba Stiltz modern classical · classical A cinematic farewell from Baba Stiltz, who closes out his acclaimed residency with two hours of melodious easy listening and classical. Play Panorama Heaven w/ Bianca Lexis: Winter Special post rock · indie · soft rock Frosty folk and indie selections from LA resident Bianca Lexis. From Broadcast to Joni Mitchell. Collection · Christmas LISTEN NOW Play The Early Bird Show w/ Eddie Fiction folk · indie · modal jazz Soft selections in a rare appearance from NTS founder Eddie Fiction: Hype Williams, Andrew Aged, Kelela & more. Play Night Shift w/ Diamondstein & Wrekmeister Harmonies experimental · soul jazz · noise Producer and DJ Diamondstein invites the doom collective Wrekmeister Harmonies on for a guest mix. Play Blue Candy w/ Casey MQ electronica · ambient · vaporwave · leftfield pop Producer, composer and songwriter Casey MQ delivers an evocative hour of selections. Play The Dance Music Show w/ Bell Towers minimal synth · new wave · synth pop · krautrock Bell Towers plays... you guessed it, dance music! collection · folk · armenian pop listen now Play Under Sleepy Moon w/ Yawning Portal: Anywhere Mix electronica · ambient Influences, edits and excerpts from Yawning Portal's debut album Anywhere, out now on YEAR001. London SIGN UP 1 / 12 Play Infinite Mixtapes Music-only themed radio streams, made from NTS resident and guest shows Xmas Crackers Feel festive with NTS. Play Poolside Balearic, boogie, and sophisti-pop for poolsides, beaches and car stereos. Play Slow Focus Meditative, relaxing and beatless: ambient, drone and ragas. Play Low Key Keeping it simple with lo-fi hip-hop and smooth R’n’B. Play Memory Lane Turn on, tune in, drop out. Play 4 To The Floor House and techno from past to present. Play Island Time Easy skanking - reggae, dub, and plenty more. Play The Tube Oddball post-punk, industrial provocation, and minimal wave. Play Sheet Music The best of classical and contemporary composition. Play Feelings Sweet soul, gospel, boogie, and beyond. Play Expansions Jazz and its many mind-expanding variations. Play Rap House 808s and champagne. Play Labyrinth Enter the void. Play Sweat A new wave of international party music. Play Otaku Video game and anime soundtracks, for fanboys and fangirls. Play Field Recordings Natural ambience from NTS listeners around the world. Play Infinite Mixtapes Music-only themed radio streams, made from NTS resident and guest shows Xmas Crackers Feel festive with NTS. Play Poolside Balearic, boogie, and sophisti-pop for poolsides, beaches and car stereos. Play Slow Focus Meditative, relaxing and beatless: ambient, drone and ragas. Play Low Key Keeping it simple with lo-fi hip-hop and smooth R’n’B. Play Memory Lane Turn on, tune in, drop out. Play 4 To The Floor House and techno from past to present. Play Island Time Easy skanking - reggae, dub, and plenty more. Play The Tube Oddball post-punk, industrial provocation, and minimal wave. Play Sheet Music The best of classical and contemporary composition. Play Feelings Sweet soul, gospel, boogie, and beyond. Play Expansions Jazz and its many mind-expanding variations. Play Rap House 808s and champagne. Play Labyrinth Enter the void. Play Sweat A new wave of international party music. Play Otaku Video game and anime soundtracks, for fanboys and fangirls. Play Field Recordings Natural ambience from NTS listeners around the world. Play NTS Picks Recent radio highlights hand picked by NTS. NTS Picks VIEW ALL NTS Shop NTS Shop VIEW ALL Collections Collections VIEW ALL Themed playlists showcasing the breadth of the NTS archive. Curated by NTS. News & Events Listen on the NTS app NTS About Careers Help and Feedback Support NTS Gift NTS Supporters Stay up to date Subscribe for recent radio highlights, one-off events, goods drops and much more… Email Address I agree to receive emails from NTS, and have read and understood the Privacy Policy . Subscribe Free. No Ads. 24/7 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions