About cookies on this site

We place cookies on your device to help make this website better and improve your experience. You can change your cookie preferences at any time. Please see our our Cookies and privacy policy.

Accept all cookiesDecline all cookiesCookie preferences
Skip to content
Students Staff Jobs
 All  Courses  Research  Staff Directory
Study 
Student life 
International 
Research 
Business 
Alumni 
About 
Nottingham Trent University
Now's the time to apply

Follow our step-by-step UCAS guide and see what we’re looking for, before you submit your application by 14 January.

Apply now
Find your course
Sports University of the Year

We are proud to be named the Daily Mail's Sports University of the Year, recognising our outstanding elite-level performance programmes, facilities and our focus on of mental and physical wellbeing at all levels through initiatives such as NTU Moves.

More about the award
Campus tours

Whether you’re visiting us for the first time or returning for another look, we’re open for visits each week. Explore our campuses to see where you’ll be studying, tour our accommodation, and even secure your room on the day with the help of our friendly team.

More about campus tours
Undergraduate open days

Join us on:

Saturday 7 March 2026
Saturday 25 April 2026
Book your place
Postgraduate open events

Join our on-campus or online events to get a feel for Masters-level study at NTU and to get expert advice on applications, funding and careers support.

Book your place a postgraduate event
Sports University of the Year

We are proud to be named the Daily Mail's Sports University of the Year, recognising our outstanding elite-level performance programmes, facilities and our focus on of mental and physical wellbeing at all levels through initiatives such as NTU Moves.

More about the award
Campus tours

Whether you’re visiting us for the first time or returning for another look, we’re open for visits each week. Explore our campuses to see where you’ll be studying, tour our accommodation, and even secure your room on the day with the help of our friendly team.

More about campus tours
Visit NTU
There are so many ways that you can get to know NTU and Nottingham - from in-person open days to virtual tours and more.
Ways to visit us
International students
Find out everything you need to know about studying at NTU as an international student.
More about our global community
Research
Our research is about bringing together the brightest minds to find the answers to the questions that really matter.
Learn about our research
Why choose NTU?

We empower our students to achieve their aspirations and gain skills that drive their future careers.

Blending academic excellence with a vibrant campus life and countless opportunities for personal growth and unforgettable memories, we'll make your student experience the best it can be.

Why NTU?

An incredible place to study.

Student life

2nd in the UK - voted for by students (Uni Compare 2025).

Our employability promise

Employability support even after you graduate.

Your home from home

Browse our range of accommodation.

Upcoming events
5 JAN - 6 JAN
4th Contemporary Issues in Financial Markets and Banking
16 JAN
Exhibition launch: layt de kam / Bonington Vitrines #29 Through Our Eyes, In Our Words
Bonington Gallery
30 JAN
NTU Big Band Live
Metronome
9 FEB - 13 FEB
Global Week 2026
View all events
Latest news
View all news
Contact us

+44 (0)115 848 2999
enquiries@ntu.ac.uk
Other ways to get in touch

Lines are open:
Monday – Thursday 8.30 am – 5 pm
Friday 8.30 am – 4.30 pm

Campus information
Nottingham Trent University
50 Shakespeare Street
Nottingham
NG1 4FQ
NTU campuses
Campus access guides
Maps and directions
Current students
StudentHub
Library
NOW
Future students
Ask a question
Open days
Order a prospectus
Useful links
Academic Schools
Jobs
MyHub
NTU Arts
Connect through the NTU Facebook page
Connect through the NTU X page
Connect through the NTU YouTube page
Connect through the NTU Instagram page
Connect through the NTU TikTok page
Connect through the NTU LinkedIn page
About our website Accessibility Freedom of information GDPR Student Contract Website Cookies and Privacy Policy

© Nottingham Trent University.