NFOservers Server Rentals :: Home :: NFOservers Virtual machine Full machine Game/Voice Webhosting Virtual servers Game servers TS3 servers Mumble servers Webhosting The basics Our network Employment Staff Forums Knowledgebase Contact Us Enter your details to log in. email password Remember me New account - Lost password Testimonials "NFO offers an outstanding service that is matched no where else in my opinion." - Minion Order "My ping ranges from 23-29 and I keep perfect fps as well as 0 choke/loss. Registry is AWSOME, the forums are AWSOME, the tools available are AWSOME!!" - Flying-Squirrel "... after having (our) nfo server up for 30mins people started to flock to us. They were like (our) pings are so good and it's so smooth. I can't thank everyone at nfo enough. You all are hands down the best server / people out there." - Tomconno "Most GSP tend to have their servers going to the crapper within months but not NFo, they been on top of everything day by day, and their support is still ranked #1 in my book." - IcEWoLF "If you're thinking about switching to NFO, do it. I don't know of any other server company in which you can get live support 24/7 and have someone ... nicely explain to you how servers work for almost THREE hours! This company continues to have excellent customer service." - kmal2t "Best service and support you can ever imagine, price could be triple and after dealing with NFO, i would pay it without blinking!! " - Mystery "Nuclearfallout is hands down the best public server GSP out there..." - ix007 Read hundreds of other real, self-submitted testimonials from our customers! The highest performance. Guaranteed. Big sale to celebrate our Chicago datacenter migration, with the lowest prices ever We just upgraded to a new facility in Chicago. To celebrate, we're having a sale at all locations, while supplies last! On dedicated machines: Intel E3-1270v3 / E3-1271v3 / E3-1270v5 / E3-1275v6 / E-2186G dedicated machines are $15/month off We have some additional machines available of these popular types! With 32 or 64 GB of RAM, they're still surprisingly fast and a great upgrade from a VDS, while offering a fantastic value. Intel E-2286G / E-2288G dedicated machines are $30/month off These offer higher performance, thanks to a newer generation and more processor cores. Intel W-1290P / E-2488 / 6369P and AMD 5950X dedicated machines are $30/month off We have very limited quantities of these, our fastest machines, but we went ahead and extended the sale to them, as well! On VDSes: New VDSes are 30% off the base price. Existing customers can also take advantage of the 30% off when upgrading to a package that has the same value as their current one (or more) -- get a free upgrade! Not sure what dedicated server or VDS package makes sense for you? Just drop us a line ! Immediate, effective service has been one of our strong suits for over 20 years. Don't forget that with all our services, we also use the highest quality bandwidth (with a highly-tweaked route optimizer and multi-layer DDoS protection ), a 100% uptime SLA , and our renowned superfast support . + Choose the best in the business. What sets NFOservers apart from other providers? We have: The guaranteed highest performance , made possible by use of the the best available bandwidth ; high-quality, NFO-owned and NFO-managed server and network hardware ; custom OS tweaks, including exclusive kernel extensions; and exclusive automated systems that dynamically load-balance game servers between machines to keep all running at their peak The highest quality control panel, developed in-house Industry-leading service and support, with near instant responses, directly through our control panel Extremely high reliability, backed up with a 100% SLA Renowned exclusive, in-house DDoS mitigation included free with all services Free, nearly unlimited webhosting for game servers, with automatic file syncing to supported games to accelerate in-game downloads A free Mumble/Murmur server with each 8+ player game server Immediate, automatic server setups, with no setup fee No hidden fees such as for removing "co-branding" A free 2-day trial for new game, voice, and virtual server customers All company-owned, company-maintained equipment, hosted in the highest quality datacenters; we do not use another company's dedicated servers, as even many large companies do The knowledge and experience that come from being in business for over 20 years . .. and far more , as well! You can read more about what we have to offer on our Features page, and we talk more about our performance, service levels, and control panel on our The Basics page. Order your own server now ! Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Performance guarantee | SLA | Manage cookie/privacy preferences | Contact us Want to see more news and updates from us? Follow us on Facebook! Copyright © 2025 NFOservers (NuclearFallout Enterprises, Inc.) All rights reserved.