University of Galway - University of Galway Jump to Content Jump to Side Navigation Bar Manage Cookies Allow University of Galway to use Cookies for: Functionality: Your preferences: Analytics: Ads: Allow All Allow None Allow Selected Some features need cookies to work properly. Cookies also let us (a) remember your preferences, (b) collect anonymous usage statistics, and (c) see how well our online ads are working. No personal data is stored on these cookies but, under EU law, we still need to ask you this every 6 months.
To learn more about our use of cookies, view our Privacy Policy . University of Galway Search Menu Courses Undergraduate Courses Postgraduate Taught Courses Professional, Part-time and Evening Courses PhDs and Research Masters Online Courses Micro-credentials How to Apply Fees & Funding Modes of Study Open Days Scholarships Recognition of Prior Learning Courses Choosing a course is one of the most important decisions you'll ever make! View our courses and see what our students and lecturers have to say about the courses you are interested in at the links below. View Courses University Life Accommodation Advisory Service Campus Activities Student Support Study Abroad Global Galway Mature Students Students with Disabilities Student Ambassador Programme For Parents and Guardians Access Student Information Life in Galway University Life Each year more than 4,000 choose University of Galway as their University of choice. Find out what life at University of Galway is all about here. Read about life at University of Galway About University of Galway News & Events Strategy 2025-2030 Jobs Press Cois Coiribe (Publication) Contact Us University Leadership Sustainability Gift Shop Open Day Medtech Journey About University of Galway Since 1845, University of Galway has been sharing the highest quality teaching and research with Ireland and the world. Find out what makes our University so special – from our distinguished history to the latest news and campus developments. About University of Galway Colleges & Schools Adult Learning and Professional Development College of Arts, Social Sciences, & Celtic Studies College of Business, Public Policy and Law College of Medicine, Nursing & Health Sciences College of Science and Engineering Colleges & Schools University of Galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching across a range of key areas of expertise. Colleges and Schools Research & Innovation Research Areas Facilities Research Office Innovation Office Research Portal Researcher Development Centre Research Community Portal (Internal) HR Excellence in Research Research centres, institutes, and units Research & Innovation University of Galway’s vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our times. Overview Business & Industry Innovation Office Career Development Centre (for Employers) Business Innovation Centre Conference & Event Centre Guiding Breakthrough Research at University of Galway We explore and facilitate commercial opportunities for the research community at University of Galway, as well as facilitating industry partnership. Overview Alumni & Friends Alumni Services Alumni Awards Cois Coiribe News from our Social Channels Update Your Details Reunions Upcoming Alumni Events Previous Alumni Events University News Galway University Foundation Sports Mentors Message from the President Contact us Alumni & Friends There are 128,000 University of Galway alumni worldwide. Stay connected to your alumni community! Join our social networks and update your details online. Overview Community Engagement About Engagement Learning with Community Community Partnerships Outreach University of Sanctuary Community Engagement At University of Galway, we believe that the best learning takes place when you apply what you learn in a real world context. That's why many of our courses include work placements or community projects. Real Learning Gateway Pages Prospective Students Current Students Visitors Ollscoil na Gaillimhe Quicklinks Ollscoil na Gaillimhe Library Accessibility & Language Students & Staff Students Registration Canvas Office 365 (Email) Student Registry Helpdesk Fees & Grants Exams Exam Timetables Library Academic Skills Hub Student Services Parking Student Volunteering Students' Union Staff Office 365 (Email) Financial System (Agresso) Academic Records Research Community Portal Human Resources Academic Terms Dates CELT Information Solutions & Services (IT Services) Buildings & Estates Service Desk Students Staff Colleges & Schools Home ▻ University of Galway University of Galway Formerly known as National University of Ireland, Galway (aka NUI Galway / NUIG) Expand all   Find a course: Choose a study level Course Type Undergraduate Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Part-Time / Evening Micro-credentials Online Search words (e.g. Subject / course name) Search ⮞ University of Galway Ranked Ireland's #1 university and top 3 in Europe for sustainable development, we're committed to research-led excellence in teaching and learning and to shaping a better world. Find out more about our extensive range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses and learn about our vibrant research community below. Research University of Galway's vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our time. Read more Undergraduate Shaping the world and inspiring leaders since 1845. View any of our 50+ undergraduate degree courses. Read more Postgraduate University of Galway offers 200+ postgraduate courses including higher diplomas and masters degrees. Read more Latest University News 29 December 2025 Researchers reshaping sex and gender inclusion in medical research An international research team has created a roadmap for the integration of sex and gender in medical research.
The PAINDIFF network, led by University of Galway Centre for Pain researchers, brings together 32 international experts from 22 institutions across eight countries to address one of the most persistent gaps in biomedical science with barriers and inconsistencies in how sex and gender are accounted for in study design, data analysis and reporting.
The results of the project have been published in Nature Neuroscience https://www.nature.com/articles/s41593-025-02164-1
Senior author and consortium coordinator Dr Michelle Roche said: “For too long, medical research often assumed that biological mechanisms and treatment responses are the same for males and females. Historically, males were more commonly used in preclinical research and while clinical research included more balanced participation, data was not routinely analysed or separately by sex.”
The research team noted that increasing evidence now shows meaningful differences between males and females in disease prevalence, biological pathways and responses to treatment.
Dr Roche added: “As medical research moves toward personalised medicine, it is increasingly clear that understanding sex and gender differences and similarities is essential for improving health outcomes. The PAINDIFF network has developed guidelines and recommendations for studies in this field. Widespread adoption and implementation of these recommendations will reduce variability, improve reproducibility, and enhance the translatability of research findings, within and beyond the field of pain.”
Professor David Finn, joint first author on the paper, said: “Chronic pain is a clear example of a condition where there are important sex and gender differences.  It affects one in five people worldwide, with women accounting for 70% of those affected.  Our new paper aims to reset the basic requirements for medical research, offering 13 actionable recommendations to guide researchers, reviewers, funders and policymakers, creating a clear and comprehensive roadmap for integrating sex and gender.”
The recommendations include five universal principles applicable across all types of research — such as including both males and females as standard practice, and analysing and reporting data by sex. They also address how gender, distinct from biological sex, should be meaningfully incorporated into research frameworks.
 
Professor Brian McGuire, joint first author, said: “Historically, there have been deficits, barriers and inconsistencies surrounding the inclusion and study of sex and gender in research. Our paper provides a framework and roadmap for researchers and other stakeholders on how best to include and study sex and gender in research on pain and other biopsychosocial fields going forward.”
The research was carried out under the ERA-NET NEURON initiative, funded by the European Union and the Health Research Board, and led by Dr Michelle Roche, Professor David Finn and Professor Brian McGuire at the University of Galway’s Centre for Pain Research.
The 13 PAINDIFF recommendations published under three themes are: 

Universal Recommendations
Include males and females as standard practice unless there is a valid reason not to do so.
Account for sex in randomization/counterbalancing/testing order
Use adequately powered study design to detect sex differences when it is the primary experimental variable or when data suggest sex-specific effects
 Include detailed reporting of experimental design including sex of the experimenter when possible
Conduct sex-disaggregated analysis and reporting
Preclinical
Researchers should be aware of, and report on, the sex of the established cell lines, primary cells and tissues used in their research
It is not always necessary to test for oestrous cycle stage
Researchers should include detailed reporting on housing, environmental conditions and experimental design
Clinical
Ask for participants’ sex assigned at birth and self-identified gender
Include a “prefer/choose not to say” response option when asking about sex and gender
Include an open textbox response option to capture gender identity followed by a series of tick boxes to aid categorisation
Report the number of people who hold diverse gender identities and, where possible and permitted, make the raw data accessible for further study (while ensuring anonymity).
 When possible, collect and report on sex-specific variables to allow disaggregated analysis by sex or gender to be better informed by hormonal status, rather than solely by age.

Ends Read more 28 December 2025 Improved blood vessels make better ‘mini-brains’ in the lab Scientists have discovered a new approach to growing mini-brains in the lab which gives them long enough lifespan to explore function and disease in cells.  
 The research team led by Dr Mihai Lomora, a scientist with CÚRAM - the Research Ireland Centre for Medical Devices based at University of Galway, grew the small blobs of brain cells in a soft, biologically compatible material called a hydrogel and introduced cells that can form blood vessels.  
 The result was that the cerebral organoids grew larger with fewer cells dying in the centre, and they mimicked features of the protective blood-brain barrier, potentially making them more relevant lab models to study diseases such as stroke, Alzheimer’s, and Parkinson’s Disease. 
 The findings have been published in the prestigious journal Advanced Science. 
 Dr Lomora, a lecturer in Biomaterial Chemistry, lead of the CerebroMachines Lab and member of the Institute for Health Discovery & Innovation, University of Galway, said: “Growing ‘mini-brains’ in the lab might sound like science fiction. But it’s not so far-fetched. Scientists around the world today grow small ‘cerebral organoids’ made of brain cells. 
 “When we started the project, we could see in the scientific literature that cerebral organoids growing in the lab tended to have a vasculature or blood vessels that were superficial only. That meant that the blood vessels didn’t penetrate in to reach the deeper cells in the organoid, then these cells became starved of oxygen and nutrients over time and they died off.” 
 The research project involved a multi-disciplinary team based in CÚRAM, University of Galway, RCSI University of Medicine and Health Sciences, Trinity College Dublin and the University of Edinburgh. 
 The team took an approach to help overcome the issue of viability of an organoid – tiny clumps of tissue, only a few millimetres across and just about visible to the naked eye. One of the main problems with these collections of brain cells is that as they get bigger, a lack of blood supply means the inner core dies off. 
 In order to get enough oxygen and nutrients to all of the cells, researchers adapted an existing protocol, or recipe, for growing the cerebral organoids, experimenting with different environments and timings to optimise the ability of blood vessels to reach these deeper cells.  
 The more blood-vessel-friendly approach resulted in three times less cell death in the organoids, and the researchers saw evidence that the organoids contained characteristics of an important protective feature naturally found in the brain called the blood-brain barrier. 
 Dr Lomora added: “We were fascinated to see that the vasculature really was able to protrude towards the interior of the organoids, which actually was quite a big advancement. And we also saw that cells involved in forming some of those blood vessels came from the organoid itself.  It's at the edge of the state of the art for now. 
“Obviously this is not the same as growing a brain in the lab, but it is a mini-model of how parts of the brain work, and we want it to be as physiologically relevant as possible. We believe that by increasing the vasculature we have taken steps to making the organoids more physiologically relevant.” 
 The organoids are now being used by researchers in the CÚRAM network to explore brain function and disease, including stroke. 
 The research paper is available at Advanced Science.  
Ends Read more 17 December 2025 Irish academic appointed Chief Scientist of Food and Agriculture Organization of the UN A University of Galway academic has been appointed Chief Scientist of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations.
 Charles Spillane is Established Professor of Plant Science in the School of Biological and Chemical Sciences and Ryan Institute and leads the AgriBiosciences, Food Security and Climate Change research lab in the University.
 Professor Spillane joins the Core Leadership team of the Food and Agriculture Organization - the inter-governmental specialised agency within the United Nations system which leads international efforts to defeat hunger and achieve food security for all.
 It is the first time an Irish person has been appointed to such a high leadership position in the FAO since its foundation in 1945.
 The mission of the FAO is focused on three goals: the eradication of hunger, food insecurity and malnutrition; the elimination of poverty and the driving forward of economic and social progress for all; and the sustainable management and utilisation of natural resources, including land, water, air, climate and genetic resources for the benefit of present and future generations.
 Minister for Agriculture, Food, Fisheries and the Marine, Martin Heydon T.D., said: “The appointment of Professor Charles Spillane as Chief Scientist of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations is a significant achievement for Ireland, the University of Galway and for Professor Spillane personally. He brings deep expertise in agricultural bioscience, climate-resilient food systems and sustainability, built through decades of leading interdisciplinary research at the University of Galway. His appointment will further strengthen the FAO’s capacity to advance evidence-based innovation and partnerships for resilient, inclusive and sustainable agrifood systems worldwide.”
 Professor David Burn, President of University of Galway, said: “We are delighted that Professor Spillane has been appointed to this position of exceptional public service with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization. Professor Spillane’s appointment to this globally leading role is a testament to University of Galway’s rapidly growing reputation in agricultural research and education for food security and international development, that has been achieved over the past decade.”
 Professor Charles Spillane, University of Galway, said: “I am deeply honoured to be appointed as Chief Scientist within the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. I am taking on this role with profound respect for the Organization’s remarkable history and enduring mandate to achieve food security for all, and to ensure that people everywhere have regular access to sufficient, nutritious food. The Food and Agriculture Organization is a key enabler of the world’s shared commitment to a simple but powerful idea, namely that that no person should go hungry, and that the pursuit of food security is inseparable from the pursuit of peace, prosperity, and dignity.”
 The Food and Agriculture Organization is the United Nation’s lead agency for SDG2 (Sustainable Development Goal 2) - Zero Hunger and is the custodian agency responsible for 21 of the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goal indicators.
 It was founded in 1945 in response to the multiple global food crises that followed World War II. It is governed by its 195 members, namely 194 Member States and the European Union, operating on a consensus-based one country, one vote system. Ireland is one of the Member States, where the Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine leads the state’s engagement.
 The FAO has an annual budget of over US$2billion, with more than 16,000 staff working across the headquarters in Rome, five regional offices and 130 country offices.
 Read more information about the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations here: www.fao.org.Ends Read more ◅ ▻ Open Days Prospective Global Students PhDs & Research Programmes Join the global Alumni network ◅ ▻ Leading Research Globally The purpose of our research and innovation is to advance the public good. Our people are creative in their thinking and collaborative in their approach. Our place is a distinct and vibrant region deeply connected internationally and open to the world. Read more . Prospective Students Whether you are an undergraduate or a postgraduate, we want you to be part of our dynamic university community, learning from world-class academics, gaining new skills, and building a career that will sustain your passions into the future. Browse our range of full-time and part-time undergraduate and postgraduate courses. Key Facts #1 in Ireland for Sustainable Development (THE World Rankings) 5th in the EU for our commitment to sustainability 284 in the world according to QS World University Rankings 30 Ranked in the Top 30 most beautiful campuses in Europe 79% of our courses have work placement and/ or study abroad opportunities 334m invested in new buildings and facilities on campus since 2010 110 Our university student body is made up of students from 110 countries 80m approximately €80m annual research expenditure About University of Galway Founded in 1845, we've been inspiring students for over 175 years. University of Galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching. CONTACT University of Galway, University Road, Galway, Ireland H91 TK33 T.  +353 91 524411 Get Directions Send Us an Email Connect Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn RSS © 2023 University of Galway. All Rights
 Reserved. Server AWS University of Galway is a registered charity. RCN 20002107 Disclaimer Privacy & Cookies Copyright Contact & Enquiries Accessibility