Leading Device Financing Risk Management Platform | NuovoPay Subscribe to Our Monthly Newsletter | NuovoPay Next Subscribe Now Contact Us Solution For Android For Windows Use Cases For Telecom For Finance Companies For Consumer What is DFRM? Partners Webinars Resources Blog Ebook Case Studies Newsletter Videos Book a Demo Login Leading Device Financing Risk Management Platform Eliminate Risks and Maximize Profits in Your Device Financing Business Book a Demo Watch Video Safe & Secure Quick & Easy Reduce EMI Defaults Assure Payment Requisition Increase Repayment Rates Revolutionizing Device Financing Risk Management with NuovoPay NuovoPay is a leading Device Financing Risk Management platform that provides financial institutions and telecom carriers with a comprehensive solution to manage the risk associated with providing financing for devices such as smartphones and laptops. With advanced features such as default and delinquency management, automation, and integration with third-party solutions for credit risk assessment, NuovoPay enables financial institutions and telecom carriers to protect financed devices in case of EMI defaults. NuovoPay’s cutting-edge technologies and integration capabilities make it a highly sought-after solution in the industry. Its reputation as a leader in Device Financing Risk Management is solidified by its track record of delivering results for its clients and its commitment to compliance and customer satisfaction. Know More Impact Created 7 3 9 7 7 5 6 4 9 0 0 8 8 5 9 8 0 8 % Repayment rate increased 8 1 5 9 6 3 1 9 0 3 5 4 6 4 0 3 3 3 x Improvement in revenue from NPA (non-performing assets) 3 2 0 1 6 2 2 7 5 3 0 1 9 9 2 8 2 1 % Reduction in monthly defaults Establish. Enable. Empower. If you’re a Telecom operator, a Finance company, or a Reseller, seeking growth and profit in your device financing business, then NuovoPay is just the right solution for you. Leverage NuovoPay to enable assured repayments against your financed devices, establish a secure PaaS ecosystem for your financing journey and empower billions of people to own a device of their choice. Finance Companies Get timely repayments Curtail the cost of payment collection Reduce loan default rates Telecom Operators Reduce EMI requisition costs Get multiple device financing plans Leverage integrations with leading billing system providers Empowers billions to have easy access to tech, globally Our mission is to empower millions across the globe to have access to technology. We envision everyone becoming financially inclusive and technologically empowered. With NuovoPay, Telecom operators and finance companies can ensure the success of the device financing process to unravel technology access opportunities for people. How it works? Features that Transform Device Financing Landscape Remote Lock Online & Offline Mode Schedule Auto-Lock Lock on SIM Swap Automated Payment Reminder Schedule Reminders Functional Online & Offline Mode Configurable Settings Security Controls Restrict 3rd Party App Installation Soft & Hard Factory Reset Protection Blocking Safe Mode Reboot Disallowing USB Debugging API-driven Supports integrations with other platforms and software SDK integrations with third-party apps for blocking functionality Compliance General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) ISO/IEC 27001:2013 SOC-2 Type-2 A Word From Our Customer Community “Helping someone purchase their first smartphone is a very fulfilling experience. We were able to do that for thousands of individuals because of NuovoPay. We received prompt assistance from their support team and so our overall experience has been great!” Abderehmane Sow, Financial Product Manager, Oolu Solar “Default rates on our financed devices were soaring high. NuovoPay helped us receive timely repayments from our customers. The platform automates payment reminders and is very easy to use.” PayKU “We were financing smartphones from our store. However, retrieving monthly installments was a tedious task and required many physical follow-ups. Using NuovoPay, we have significantly increased our monthly repayments.” Malika Phones “We expected a seamless, effective, and efficient solution from the NuovoPay platform and true to their word, the team has provided just that. Being new to Device Financing, we expected a steeper learning curve but the ease of use of the platform and customer support guided us well.” Wezago Trading “Helping someone purchase their first smartphone is a very fulfilling experience. We were able to do that for thousands of individuals because of NuovoPay. We received prompt assistance from their support team and so our overall experience has been great!” Abderehmane Sow, Financial Product Manager, Oolu Solar “Default rates on our financed devices were soaring high. NuovoPay helped us receive timely repayments from our customers. The platform automates payment reminders and is very easy to use.” PayKU “We were financing smartphones from our store. However, retrieving monthly installments was a tedious task and required many physical follow-ups. Using NuovoPay, we have significantly increased our monthly repayments.” Malika Phones “We expected a seamless, effective, and efficient solution from the NuovoPay platform and true to their word, the team has provided just that. Being new to Device Financing, we expected a steeper learning curve but the ease of use of the platform and customer support guided us well.” Wezago Trading Integrations Drive profits for your device financing business Book a Demo About NuovoPay NuovoPay is a leading Device Financing Risk Management (DFRM) platform that provides financial institutions and telecom carriers with a comprehensive solution to manage the risks associated with financing devices. NuovoPay’s cutting-edge technologies and integration capabilities make it a highly sought-after solution in the industry. Read More Links Login Signup Pricing Blog Newsletter About Us Security Privacy Terms & Conditions HQ Address 401-405, Orville Business Port (OBP), Near Konark Campus, Viman Nagar - 411014 Latin America Nuovo Latin America 11 Princess St. Suite #300 Kingston, Ontario Canada K7L 1A1 Tel. +1-307-463-7172 Contact Sales sales@nuovopay.com Made with from Pune, India © 2026 NuovoPay Tech Pvt Ltd.