American Nurses Enterprise | American Nurses Association Skip to content Skip to content Home ANA ANCC Foundation Resources 0 Cart Log in Join ANA Open navigation Open search Search Search Search Suggested Popular Searches Home Practice & Advocacy A-E ANA-PAC Advocacy Care Coordination Career Center Clinical Practice Material Code of Ethics 2025 Coronavirus Update End Nurse Abuse Campaign Ethics H-M Health IT Health System Transformation Healthy Nurse, Healthy Nation Immunize Improving Your Practice Innovation Innovation Awards Minority Fellowship Program N-R Nursing Alliance for Quality Care Nursing Excellence Nursing Research Nurse Suicide Prevention/Resilience Position Statements Principles Project Firstline Public Health Quality Racism in Nursing RN Action S-W Safe Patient Handling & Mobility Scope of Practice Sharps Staffing Telehealth Tobacco Use Cessation Violence, Incivility & Bullying What is Nursing Work Environment Workforce Certification Initial Certifications Renewal requirements Verification Success Pays Retired Recognition Readiness Tests Certification Policies Scores & Retest Application Expedited Review Procedure Special Accommodations International Applicants See All Policies ANCC Volunteer Opportunities Current Volunteer Opportunities Certification Preparation Find a Test Center FAQs APRN Consensus Model Shop ANCC Promo Items APRN Faculty Toolkit Advanced Practice Professional Development Certification Verification & Renewal Add an Additional Certification Practice & Advocacy ANA Supports Advanced Practice Member-Only Resources APRN State Law and Regulation Scope of Practice ANA Membership Join ANA and Your State Nurses Association My Account Certification Initial Certifications Verification Renewal Requirements Membership My Account Member Benefits Member Benefits Personal Benefits Premier Members New Member Welcome Center Career Stages Professional Development Resources ANA Community ANA Career Center ANA Journals American Nurse Online Journal of Issues in Nursing (OJIN) Capitol Beat Join ANA Find Your State Association Student Nurses Individual Member Division Membership Assembly Magnet | Pathway | Accreditation Magnet || Magnet Prize® || || Magnet Nurse of the Year || About Magnet Magnet Model Program Tools Journey to Magnet Excellence International Magnet Application Manual Updates and FAQs Apply Public Comment Interim Monitoring Requirements Find a Magnet Organization New/Redesignated Organizations ADAM/ADAMplus Contact Magnet Staff Pathway || Pathway Award || || Pathway Nurse of the Year Award || Overview Before You Apply Apply Pathway Redesignation Find A Pathway Organization New Pathway Organizations Pathway Learning Community Publications and Products Accreditation Nursing Continuing Professional Development Joint Accreditation Advanced Practice Provider Fellowship Accreditation™ (APPFA) Practice Transition Accreditation Program Find an Accredited Organization FAQ Well-Being Excellence™ Shop ANCC Promo Items Post a Nursing Job ANA Consultation Services Corporate Advisory Board Sponsorship Success Pays Education & Events ANA Continuing Education Search All Workshops, Webinars and Online Courses Certification Test Prep Career and Professional Development Clinical & Practice Knowledge Leadership Ethics Organizational Credentialing Work and Environment Organizational Resources Books Search All Books Requesting Review Copies Author Guidelines Faculty Resources ANCC Programs ANA Programs Research Grants Gift Shop Certified Nurses Day National Nurses Week Equity in Action - Dismantling Racism in Nursing ANCC Professional Development & Practice Summit ANA Research Symposium Magnet & Pathway Conference™ Career Center Get Involved Advocate Political Action Committee RN Action Nurses Vote 2020 Connect Nursing Communities ANA Community Share Your Expertise ANCC Content Expert Opportunities ANA Professional Issues Panels ANA Subject Matter Experts ANA Authors Call for Public Comment Call for Participation Nurses on Boards Donate Donate to the Foundation Log in Join ANA 0 Cart My account Join ANA Nursing is a profession. This issue affects every nurse, every patient, and every community that depends on high-quality care. Make your voice heard. Sign The Petition Sign The Petition The heartbeat of healthcare In nursing, the time for transformation is always. Every day we are leading a quiet revolution to create impactful, meaningful change within our profession. And we invite you to carry the flame – to shape the future of nursing, to set new standards of excellence, and to empower our profession now and for another 125 years. Because together, we are The Power of Nurses™. American Nurses Association ANA has been championing the interests of registered nurses for more than 125 years – and we’re going to do much more. From advocacy to supporting nurses at all career stages, see how we’re looking to the future. Find out more American Nurses Credentialing Center Don’t settle for less than the gold standard in nurse credentialing. Breathe new life into your career or organization, with the prestige of ANCC credentialing. Find out more American Nurses Foundation We are the only philanthropic organization to support all U.S. nurse interests. Together we can transform the nation’s health by delivering solutions that matter. Find out more Lead the profession to shape the future of nursing and healthcare We’re here to improve patient care through supporting both individuals and organizations to advance the nursing profession. From advocating in the halls of Congress, to setting the bar for credentialing worldwide, the American Nurses Enterprise exists to give every nurse the best chance of success. Practice and Policy Explore the foundations of what makes nursing the most trusted profession in the U.S., with information from nursing practice and policy, to nursing positions on ethics and innovation. Find out more Certification Are you interested in AGACNP-BC , AGPCNP-BC , Family NP , Med-Surg , or other nursing certifications? Certification validates that you have the skills needed to succeed in this ever-changing profession and ANCC has many certification options. Earn credentials as an expert in your specialty, and become the nurse you want to be. Find out more Organizational Programs Find out how ANCC’s Magnet , Pathway and Accreditation credentialing programs can transform your organization. From international recognition for nursing excellence, to improved patient outcomes – start your journey and see benefits for everyone. Find out more Membership Joining the American Nurses Association (ANA) is the best thing you can do for your career – and adds value to nursing as a whole. By uniting with the best nurses in the U.S., you’ll access development opportunities that you won’t find anywhere else and show pride in your profession. Join Us Now Education & Events Realize your ambitions and expand your nursing knowledge, with tools to suit your learning style. From e-learning to online courses, it’s never been easier to fit more learning into your busy life. Find out more Get Involved Make a difference, and play your part in improving healthcare for everyone. By working together, we can improve the lives of nurses – and ensure the very best patient outcomes. Find out more Resources Discover books, tools, and courses to help nurses and organizations thrive. From scholarships to periodicals, see what we can do for you. Find out more Nursing Research The American Nurses Enterprise Institute for Nursing Research & Quality Management is dedicated to advancing nursing research and promoting organizational excellence through quality management. Find out more American Nurses Enterprise Jobs Make a difference, with a job at American Nurses Enterprise. Explore the range of administrative and managerial roles available. Find out more Contact Us Reach out to us online, by phone or in the mail. Find out more In the News News It has always been important for  nurses to keep up-to-speed on the very latest developments in nursing and healthcare. Now, all these vital updates are in one place. See the very latest news from American Nurses Enterprise, ANA, ANCC, and the Foundation. See ANA News News Enterprise News Media Resources ANA Journals Contact us American Nurses Enterprise Jobs Advertise with ANA Copyright or Trademark Request Career Center About Us American Nurses Enterprise American Nurses Association American Nurses Credentialing Center American Nurses Foundation FAQs Social Media X LinkedIn Facebook Youtube Top ©American Nurses Association, ©American Nurses Credentialing Center, ©American Nurses Foundation. All rights reserved My Privacy Choices Accessibility Privacy Legal Sitemap Item(s) added to cart Go to cart Continue Shopping