Privacy Notice
This site uses cookies. By clicking accept or continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. For more details, please see our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Email
Canvas
Library
Student
Staff
Alumni
Home
Admissions
Education
Research
Sustainability
News
Giving
About
NUS Highlights

Learn how our transformative education and multidisciplinary research have nurtured effective global leaders, impacted society and transformed lives for the better.


Featured

News
Teaching with heart: The human side of higher education

Focusing on the theme "Building Relationships in Teaching and Learning," educators at the Higher Education Conference Singapore (HECS) 2025 explored how to make higher education more engaging, collaborative, and joyful.

Education

Nobel laureate Steven Chu warns climate crisis is a ‘Titanic’ battle that demands urgent change in course

At the NUS120 Distinguished Speaker Series, Professor Steven Chu called for a decisive shift away from fossil fuels, stressing that stronger international cooperation is needed to deploy the solutions at speed and scale.

Research

NUS researchers achieve breakthrough in stabilising vapour-deposited perovskite-silicon tandem solar cells, paving the way for real-world deployment

First successful use of vapour deposition on industrial silicon wafers delivers unprecedented durability in perovskite–silicon tandem solar cells

Research

YST’s Centre for Music and Health launches The THRivE Toolkit for evaluating health outcomes of arts, heritage programmes

The THRivE Toolkit is Asia’s first comprehensive digital resource, designed to help arts and heritage practitioners evaluate their programmes' impact on health and well-being.

Community

President's Welcome

We are Singapore’s flagship university. We hope you will be inspired by the many fascinating facets that make NUS a leading global university centred in Asia.

Shaping the Future

"At NUS, we are moving boldly — and concertedly — to expand tomorrow's frontiers. We believe that we have the power to shape the future, for the better."




Learn more

NUS Now

Come discover our exciting and vibrant campus and find out why #NUSLife is invigorating and fulfilling.

 
 
 
 
 
Thought Leadership

Distinguished thought leaders, movers and shakers in Singapore and across the globe gather regularly on campus to share their insights and engage in intellectual discourse.

Singapore’s social cohesion faces big test in the age of borderless viral hate speech

Sustaining our multicultural compact in the digital age will depend on effective laws and our commitment to draw a line under harmful online speech.




Learn more

Regional offices across Asia could see bulk of job cuts as MNCs adopt AI

AI-driven efficiencies threaten jobs in regional centres especially middle managers.




Learn more

09
MAR

Education

GMS5114 Post-Market for Medical Technologies
National University of Singapore
21 Lower Kent Ridge Road
Singapore 119077
+65 6516 6666
      
© National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved.
Legal Branding guidelines Contact us 中文