NUSO Communications: Scalable Business Solutions Products Contact Center Connect for Business User-Friendly, Secure, Cost-Effective, Microsoft Teams™ Certified Attendant Console Call Management Tools Connect for Enterprise AI-Powered, Omnichannel, Compliant Connect Recorder Secure, Resilient, Compliant. Certified for use with Microsoft Teams™ Unified Communications UCaaS Hosted Voice, Mobility, CRMs, & More NUSO Messaging Business-Class Text Messaging NUSO Bridge for Teams Feature-Rich Voice Integrations IPFax Secure Cloud Faxing NUSO Bridge for Zoom Access the PSTN with Zoom Phone SIP Trunking Connecting Premise Phone Systems Branded Calling ID™ Business Name & Logo Calling Operator Connect for Microsoft Teams PSTN Calling in Teams Zoom Cloud Peering Global Voice through Zoom Platform Services Global Service Providers Network, Tools & Support Calling Simple & Flexible Connectivity Branded Calling ID™ Business Name & Logo Calling Messaging SMS/MMS A2P Business Messaging NUSO Bridge for Teams Feature-Rich Voice Integrations NUSOflex AI-Powered Call Reliability Operator Connect for Microsoft Teams PSTN Calling in Teams Zoom Cloud Peering Global Voice through Zoom Solutions Solutions Overview By Industry Compliant Communications for all Industries By Audience Solutions That Scale Partners Partners Why Partner with NUSO Global Service Providers Network, Tools & Support Resources NUSO Articles Blog Events/Webinars Upcoming Events & Webinars Support Need Help? Newsroom Press Releases & Publications Telecom Glossary What Does That Mean? Accessibility Web Accessibility Guidelines Forms Easy-access Standard Forms Compliance Center HIPAA, GDPR, NIS2, MiFID II, FedRAMP, GovRAMP Messaging Compliance Industry Terms & Definitions Acceptable Use Complaint Combat Robocalls & Texts Data Processing Agreement Master Services Agreement Subpoenas and Court Orders Law Enforcement Requests Music On Hold Samples Like, Listen, Download Company About NUSO Democratizing Communications Partners Why Partner with NUSO Global Service Providers Network, Tools & Support Leadership Management Team Careers Join NUSO Open Menu Select Region North America EMEA Login Management Portal Resources Portal Support Search Select Region North America EMEA Login Management Portal Partner Resources Support Search Request a demo Open Menu Award-winning communications Solutions NUSO Smarter Communications for Agile Teams NUSO delivers voice, messaging, contact center, and platform services on a secure, global network—built for small businesses, enterprises, and service providers in over 30+ countries. With built-in AI automation and insights, NUSO helps business move faster, simplify operations, and connect better—wherever you work. Request a demo Contact us Trusted Global Relationships Powering Business Communications—Everywhere Cloud-first. AI-enabled. Built to scale. Explore how NUSO works for you! All Products Powering Business Communications—Everywhere Cloud-first. AI-enabled. Built to scale. Explore how NUSO works for you! All Products Contact Center Contact Center Flexible NUSO Connect solutions, from informal to Omnichannel enterprise-grade options. Compliant & flexible Call Recording. Unified Communications Unified Communications Hosted Voice, Mobility, Messaging, Microsoft Teams™ and Zoom™ integrations, Cloud Voice & more. Scalable to meet the needs of any-size business. Platform Services Platform Services Complete Phone services: Numbers, SIP Trunking, Fax, Toll-free, E911. Backed by AI-powered NUSOflex for unparalleled network reliability. Global Scale & Unparalleled Reliability NUSO powers mission-critical communications with the performance, security, and scalability that modern industries demand. From fast-growing startups to global enterprises, businesses around the world depend on the NUSO network to keep their teams connected—backed by the AI-driven power of NUSOflex . Global Reach Enables businesses communication technologies across borders. Scalable Architecture Supports flexible growth to match evolving business needs. Enterprise-Grade Security Delivers robust protection and ensures regulatory compliance. Platform Integrations Connects easily with major platforms: Microsoft Teams, CRMs, UCaaS & more. Flexible, Reliable, Compliant, Affordable Trusted by organizations, businesses and enterprises around the globe, NUSO is the intersection of effortless communications and an improved customer experience. All Solutions Education NUSO enables hybrid learning environments and secure campus-wide communication with cloud-based tools suitable for K-12, higher education, and private institutions. Healthcare NUSO provides HIPAA-compliant communications for healthcare professionals, enabling secure coordination across care teams, clinics, and long-term facilities. Retail NUSO supports digital-first retail operations by enabling real-time communication across locations, enhancing customer engagement, and improving team coordination. Finance Financial institutions rely on NUSO to protect sensitive data and meet industry regulations, while enhancing client communications through encrypted voice and messaging. Legal Law firms benefit from secure, plug-and-play phone systems, ensuring confidentiality and enabling efficient communication between legal teams and clients. Government NUSO, in combination with T-Metrics’ technology, offers scalable, compliant communication systems for federal, state, and local governments. Professional Services Consultancy and service firms use NUSO to streamline client interactions, manage internal collaboration, and operate more flexibly from any location. High Tech Technology companies leverage NUSO’s cloud infrastructure to support innovation, scale operations, and protect sensitive intellectual property across distributed teams. Manufacturing NUSO enhances communication across production floors, supply chains, and shift teams, helping manufacturers increase efficiency and minimize downtime. Transportation NUSO provides the transportation industry with flexible, resilient communications solutions, including a mature recording solution. Tailored Solutions for Businesses of All Sizes Whether you’re a startup or an enterprise, NUSO adapts to your unique needs. Effortless Onboarding and Service Delivery : NUSO streamlines every step to ensure a smooth and fast deployment experience. Trusted by SMBs, Government Agencies, Regulated Industries, and Service Providers: Organizations across sectors count on NUSO for secure, reliable communications. Integrates Seamlessly with Your Existing Platforms: No need for disruptive overhauls—NUSO works with what you already use. 24/7 Expert Support for Every Customer: Get responsive, round-the-clock assistance—no matter your size or seat count. Request a demo What Partners & Customers Say NUSO customers, partners and resellers consistently praise the NUSO's exceptional support, user-friendly tools, robust management portals, and unmatched commitment to partner and customer success. "Today we simultaneously ported over 88 phones at 7 different locations to a new Unified Communications as a Service System, all in under 30 minutes. This was by far the largest and easiest transition we have done in our 15 years in the telecommunications business. So thank you NUSO, we are beyond thrilled to be partners with such a terrific company!" Joe McCartney Founder Pioneer-360 "The NUSO team has taken such good care of us. They consistently reach out to make sure we have everything we need. When I do need something, it doesn’t matter – big or small, my guys at NUSO are ready! Oh yeah, and support is SPECTACULAR! Probably the best support I’ve ever had." Tim Hagglund President Creed Technology "To start, our company has worked with several providers in the past. All talked a big game, but none delivered. NUSO’s partner tools are designed with this in mind – they let us do our jobs in real-time. We can quote, add new phone numbers, and make our customers happy. The entire team has proven themselves to be capable partners." Tina Maguire General Manager Mastor "Exceptional customer service is core to Cadence and finding great partners in any industry can be a challenge. NUSO is a great partner because they share the same mindset. The core ideology is to listen to understand, not listen to respond; which leads to a fine-tuned solution and a superior customer support experience." Michael Leigh President Cadence "NUSO is a great company to work with. Tom and his team are very professional! We have used NUSO now for some time and are very please with the service. Everything they have done has always been top notch. They are very friendly and willing to go the extra mile to satisfy us here at AnacommSystems. I would highly recommend them!" Andy Waddle Co-owner AnacommSystems "NUSO's products meet the diverse needs of our clients, and they continually add new products to address the ever-changing business climate. NUSO doesn’t sell outside of the channel, allowing us to maintain a relationship with our clients. Our clients like NUSO products so much they refer new telecommunications business our way." Brandi Couse CEO MashGrape Technologies "NUSO provides me and my clients with optimal coverage across the telecommunications space. Their teams are supportive and available when I need them. More importantly is the great relationship I have with my Channel Account Manager. She has been with me since I became a partner with NUSO. Few companies have the long-tenure and deep working relationships that l've been able to build with her." Ralph Nevin Realcom LLC "When I speak and recommend NUSO to my clients, I do it because it is my own clients who receive the service who return their satisfaction, regarding the quality and reliability of their telephone conversations. But when I speak for myself, I recommend NUSO to my colleagues for the fast and excellent technical and sales support, as well as the excellent tools I have on my NUSO portal." Jose-Raul Lopez Owner JR Servicorp "Before we became a NUSO Partner we had the opportunity to install a number of different hosted cloud provider VoIP platforms. Without any reservation, NUSO has been the best fit for us, and our customers. I believe NUSO gives us the best chance for success and customer retention we all work so very hard for." David Rist D&R Telecommunications "It is great working with everyone with NUSO, everyone is very prompt in getting back with you and getting issues resolved. Tech support is great very minimal hold time, techs very knowledgeable. would like to see some type of video training to give to customers on the use of the phones and the operations of them." Todd Patton Alamo Communications "We have been selling NUSO Cloud since 2018. We find that the scalability of the product is a big selling point for our customers. The NUSO tech team is one of the main factors that has contributed to us staying with NUSO. We are a very hands-on customer support company and working with NUSO, has made us a cut above other companies offering cloud solutions in our area." Denise Nelms Nelms Communication "I have had nothing but great service from everyone I have dealt with. From my Rep Tom Roberts to everyone in customer service, tech support, billing, and porting dept." Edward V. Martinez Martinez Communications "JD Young has been a partner with NUSO for six years. We only provide the best product and service to our customers and with NUSO that makes it very easy to do. Everyone at NUSO is awesome to work with, including our Account Manager, Programming Department, Porting Team and of course their Word Class Customer Support Team. I highly recommend NUSO to anyone looking for a Cloud System Provider!" Roger Turner JD Young Tailored Enterprise Solutions NUSO delivers scalable, reliable and secure communications services – contact center, unified communications, platform services, and powerful integrations into leading platforms like Microsoft Teams, CRMs, and more – to unify, simplify and streamline operations. Learn More NUSO Reliability Experience unrivaled connectivity with communications and contact center solutions engineered to enhance collaboration and streamline operations. Request a demo 96 % CSAT on Support Interaction 22 seconds Average wait time for live support 218 million Calls a business week 71 months Our average customer tenure Book a demo Discover NUSO Business Communications Backed by responsive, 24/7 award-winning Service and Support teams, all NUSO solutions are engineered for reliability, flexibility, cost-effectiveness, and customization to fit the needs of every company, no matter the industry or size of the business. Contact NUSO or Schedule a Demo. Get started today! Request a demo Get Started What to expect Subscribe to updates Stay informed with our latest news and offers. By submitting this form I agree to NUSO, LLC., collecting my contact information for business communications and opt-in to commercial messages. Thank you for subscribing! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. NUSO Certifications 844-438-NUSO (6876) contact@nuso.cloud Products Contact Center Unified Communications Platform Services Partners NUSO Partners Global Service Providers Resources Newsroom NUSO Articles Compliance Center Telecom Glossary Support Status Page Forms Company About NUSO Leadership Careers Contact us © 2025 NUSO Policies Site Map Consent Preferences