Nutaku.com - Top Free Games Online Your Cookies, Your Choice: As outlined in our Privacy Notice , we use cookies and similar technologies to enable some of our website`s functions, to analyze our traffic, and to optimize your experience. You can turn off cookies at any time by using the Cookie Settings option. Accept All Cookies Accept Only Essential Cookies Customize Cookies Search Games Support English Español Français Deutsch Polski 中文 國語 日本語 Sign Up & Get 100 Gold Login Games Faves Gold Support Other Close PC Games Free Browser Games Newly Released Trending Genres RPG Adventure Dating Sim Strategy VIEW ALL GENRES Trending Tags Free to Play Fantasy Western VIEW ALL TAGS Favorites Manage Click the heart to favorite a game Favorited games will appear here Manage your favorites on your profile page View Game Library Select your favorite game and start playing now! View All Favorite Games Contact Support Payment Account Gameplay For more support or to provide feedback please see our Discord Discord Frequently Asked Questions Directory My Referrals Hang out with us: Discord Twitter Facebook Youtube Instagram Welcome to Nutaku The Best Free Hentai Games for PC, Android and iOS Sign Up & Get 100 Gold! Join over 60 million players Most Popular Free PC Games See All Games Crave Saga - Master of Bonds Adventure Free Legeclo: Legend Clover Turn Based RPG Free Kamihime PROJECT Turn Based RPG Free Crush Crush Dating Sim Free Don't Have a Nutaku Account Yet? Not only is it free , but we give you 100 when you verify your email! Create Free Account Or Sign up with Google Receive Nutaku Newsletter By signing up, you affirm you're 18+ and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Notice This site is protected by reCaptcha and the Google Privacy Notice and Terms of Service Hottest Tags Free to Play (1) Fantasy (2) Adventure (1) Story Rich (1) LGBTQ (1) Cute (2) Turn Based (2) Catgirl (1) Western (1) Comedy (1) Gay (1) Romance (1) Witch (1) Idle (1) Role play (1) Mobile Friendly (1) Epic (1) Guild Battle (1) iOS (1) PVP (1) + ABOUT NUTAKU AND OUR FREE ONLINE GAMES! Nutaku is an online gaming portal bringing you high-quality games from around the world. Whether RPGs, tower defense, or dating sims, our specialized teams deliver the best titles from every genre - including exclusive English-language access to the hottest Japanese games on the web. You've never played free online games like these before! Language English Español Français Deutsch Polski 中文 國語 日本語 Nutaku Games Free PC Games Offers and Events Support FAQ Payment Support Account Support Contact Game Support Subscription Accessibility Content removal Discover Directory Language English Español Français Deutsch Polski 中文 國語 日本語 © 2025 Nutaku Entertainment Ltd – All Rights Reserved. Trademarks owned by Licensing IP International S.a.r.l. used under license by Nutaku Entertainment Ltd. All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. Access the required records pursuant to the 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement . Terms of Use Privacy Notice Regulatory Information Recommender System Guidelines Cookie Settings Sign up Login Sign Up Free & Get 100 Gold Sign up with Google Or Create Free Account Loading Receive Nutaku Newsletter By signing up, you affirm you're 18+ and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Notice This site is protected by reCaptcha and the Google Privacy Notice and Terms of Service Login and Play Now Login with Google Or Login Loading Forgot password? This site is protected by reCaptcha and the Google Privacy Notice and Terms of Service Don't have an account? Sign up Two-Factor Authentication Enabled Verify Code For more information about Two-Factor Authentication please contact support . Search Nutaku for a game title, genre or tag Oops nothing found for " " Try again! We're not going anywhere. Check your spelling or try another search Customize Cookies Essential Cookies Are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems as they enable core website functionality Always active Functional Cookies Help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our site Analytics Cookies Allow us to measure & improve the performance of our site Targeting Cookies Allow us to provide relevant ads & content based on your browsing activity Accept All Cookies Accept Only Essential Cookies Save And Apply