NutritionFacts.org | The Latest Nutrition Related Topics NutritionFacts.org Search Search EN ES Video Library Latest Video Random Video All Videos Browse Videos by Topic Live Q&As Dr. Greger's Live Presentations Books How Not to Age How Not to Die How Not to Diet How Not to Age Cookbook How Not to Die Cookbook How Not to Diet Cookbook How to Survive a Pandemic Lower LDL Cholesterol Naturally with Food Ultra-Processed Foods Ozempic View All Books Resources Explore NutritionFacts.org Audio Podcast Webinars Blog Recipes Guides and Handouts Speaking Dates Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen Email Series Host a Screening Optimum Nutrient Recommendations Subscribe E-Mail Subscriptions Volunteer Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Vimeo Donate Donate Year in Review Volunteer Our Supporters Donor Rewards and Recognition About About NutritionFacts.org Meet the Team Frequently Asked Questions Our Values EN ES Who profits off healthful eating and lifestyle changes? You. When was the last time you saw an ad for apples or a billboard for broccoli? The system is set up to promote pills, not produce. NutritionFacts.org is a science-based nonprofit charity committed to bringing the medical literature to you, breaking down the latest in evidence-based nutrition research, and presenting the results in ways that are easy to understand. We regularly share videos, blogs, webinars, live Q&As, guides, infographics, and more—without commercial bias, sponsors, or ads, so every one of us can make the best dietary and lifestyle choices. About Us Videos Resources Please consider making an end-of-year, tax-deductible donation to NutritionFacts.org and help keep us growing strong! The first $300,000 of donations will be matched! $500,000 $876,905.33 Raised 175.38% Funded Time Remaining Donate Now Our Values Evidence-Based Every day, about 5,000 scientific papers are published in peer-reviewed medical journals, and groundbreaking nutrition research too often gets lost and buried. We comb through the literature and share practical tips to improve your life. Accessible Science is universal, so we are committed to presenting the latest in nutrition and health research in ways that are easy to understand no matter your background or training, in many different languages, and at no cost to you. Accountable Corrupting commercial and ideological interests have led to a stew of nutritional misinformation. Don't take anyone's word on something as life-and-death important as what to eat and feed your family. Our videos cite the science and also show the actual studies and link to all the original sources. Non-Commercial As a nonprofit organization, we offer a strictly non-commercial public service. We do not accept advertisements, corporate sponsorships, brand partnerships, or paid subscriptions, and all funds received from speaking engagements and book sales are donated directly to charity. Our Values 10th Anniversary Edition of How Not to Die How Not to Die: Revised and Updated is now available for order in stores and online. Order Your Copy Recent Videos Are Potassium Chloride Salt Substitutes Safe and Effective? We have thousands of videos on hundreds of health and nutrition topics.  Did you know that strawberries can be used to treat osteoarthritis, ground ginger can relieve migraines and menstrual cramps, and cocoa can improve wrinkles, based on randomized controlled clinical trials? Even the progression of some of our leading killers—heart disease, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and kidney failure may be reversed with a healthy enough diet and lifestyle. Subtitles in several languages and closed captioning are available. Our Latest Videos Are the Benefits of Cold Plunges and Cryotherapy Just a Placebo Effect? Friday Favorites: Is Six Hours of Sleep Enough? Healthy, Easy Recipes: Black Bean Stew, Kale Salad, and Molasses Cookies View All Browse Videos by Topic Amla Anti-aging Beans Blood Pressure Cancer Cholesterol Coffee Daily Dozen Diabetes Eggs Flaxseeds Hibiscus Tea Inflammation Microbiome Oats Omega-3 Fatty Acids Osteoporosis Plant-Based Diets Protein Smoothies Turmeric Vitamin B12 Vitamin D Supplements Weight Loss View All Recent Blogs December 30, 2025 Bariatric Weight-Loss Surgery and Mortality December 25, 2025 How Healthy Are Baruka Nuts? December 23, 2025 Can Vegan Fecal Transplants Lower TMAO Levels? View All Other Resources Books and Materials Acclaimed health and nutrition books by New York Times Best-Selling author Michael Greger, M.D., FACLM, infographics, eating guides, menu planners, and more, available in many languages Webinars Live webinars with Q&As presented on topics as varied as preventing and treating hearing loss, vaccinating or not, diet and racial health disparities, and fasting and cancer, with past presentations available as recordings Recipes Easy, delicious, and nutritious recipes to satisfy you from breakfast to dinner, with desserts, dressings, sauces, spices, and more—all whole food, plant-based, tried and tested, and sure to become some of your favorites Podcasts A weekly podcast discussing a host of nutrition and lifestyle topics, from protecting our brains against Alzheimer's, fighting the blues with greens, building stronger bones without dairy, and much more Explore Our Resources How You Can Help We need your support to continue our life-saving, life-changing work, sharing the latest evidence-based health and nutrition information with you and millions of others at no cost. Your generosity powers everything NutritionFacts.org does. With the support of donors like you and the dedication of our volunteers, we're able to create real, lasting impacts around the globe . As a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit, your donation is fully tax-deductible in the United States—and deeply appreciated. Donate Donate English Spanish Nutrition Videos Browse Topics Introductory Videos Latest Videos Dr. Greger's Live Presentations Blog and Resources Blog Recipes Webinars Speaking Dates Guides and Handouts Nutrition FAQs Optimum Nutrient Recommendations COVID-19 Resources Get the Books How Not to Age How Not to Die How Not to Diet The How Not to Age Cookbook The How Not to Die Cookbook The How Not to Diet Cookbook How to Survive a Pandemic Get the App Daily Dozen iOS Daily Dozen Android Daily Dozen Daily Dozen Challenge Support Us Donate Our Supporters Donor Rewards & Recognition Merch Get Involved Volunteer Opportunities Internship Opportunities Employment Opportunities Open Source Initiative Share Your Story Host a Screening Get Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram YouTube Vimeo NutritionFacts.org 中文 Subscribe E-Mail Subscriptions Volunteer Newsletter Video RSS Feed Blog RSS Feed Help About NutritionFacts.org Help Get Support FAQ Copyright Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Service Get in Touch Contact Us Press Speaking Inquiries Interview Inquiries Charity ID: 05-0559626 We our volunteers! Apply Now! Pin It on Pinterest