Simple Pipeline & Contact Management - Nutshell CRM Skip to main content ↓ Log in LOGIN Free 14-Day Trial FREE 14-DAY TRIAL CRM Products Pricing Integrations Marketing Services Resources Search Search Search “ Nutshell is super user-friendly and intuitive “ I would highly recommend Nutshell “ Easy to use and... wait for it ... 100% buy in! “ Nutshell is both simple and powerful Save Time. Close Deals. Get Nutshell. The CRM that saves time, automates workflows and keeps deals moving forward. Fast Setup: Go live in days, not weeks. Less Busywork: Auto-logging and 1-click follow-ups. More Connected: Seamlessly integrate data Try Nutshell free for 14 days or Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. “ User friendly with useful features Nutshell is a very straight forward, user friendly CRM software. It has multiple features that make tracking leads simple, helping prevent warm leads from getting lost in the shuffle. Brittany S. G2 Review “ Super intuitive and easy to use – the team loves it! What I like best about Nutshell is how clean and intuitive the interface is — it’s easy to onboard new team members without a huge learning curve. The pipeline and reporting tools are super helpful for tracking deals at every stage. Shane G. G2 Review “ Super Happy – New features always coming I love all the automation that we have been able to incorporate into the CRM. Nutshell has a lot of features that are included at no additional charge that save us money because we do not need to purchase them from other companies. Daniel N. G2 Review “ Easy Transition The UI is so much better than other CRMs I have used. Customer service is really good and fast. Very easy to implement and migrate my data. Lots of thought has gone into its development. Tim T. G2 Review “ Great software and exceptional staff Our specialist has taken extra care to make sure we get the help we need in using Nutshell to the fullest extent possible. We discuss the way we use Nutshell and then we work together to form solutions. James M. G2 Review Grow your business with the Time-Saving CRM Empowering teams Nutshell enables teams to achieve more, helping people do their best work – not just automate tasks. Working smarter, not harder Reduce manual data entry and busywork so your CRM stays accurate so your team can focus on selling, not typing. Turning time into results Nutshell helps you turn time into traction. Drive deals forward and close faster. Every minute counts. Making CRM affordable Nutshell delivers a clean UI, powerful features, and maximum results without breaking the budget. Delivering AI-powered insights Harness AI to turn data into smarter decisions. Teams sell, market, and grow more effectively. Saving time. Closing deals. Start your free 2-week trial. No credit card required. Features & Pricing Start Free Trial Businesses grow better with Nutshell Ready to see real growth? Nutshell helps businesses like yours achieve significant improvements in key performance areas. 14.9% Faster close times 13.4% Increase in leads won 26.4% Increase in new sales revenue Thousands of powerful integrations Supporting over 5k companies across 50 countries since 2009 All the features you need! Whether you’re moving on from spreadsheets or from another CRM, Nutshell has all the core CRM features you need, as well as additional features that can help you accelerate your business growth! Sales Marketing Engagement Quotes Nutshell IQ Professional Services Sales Sales Automation Put time-wasting tasks on autopilot for max efficiency. Pipeline Management Custom pipeline views that make it easy for your reps. Contact Management Easily add, gather, & store customer information. Email Automation Create email lists, drip series, & funnel-based emails. EXPLORE SALES SOLUTIONS Marketing Email Marketing Create custom audiences and send targeted emails. Web Form Collection Capture customer info. Automatically create new leads. Landing Pages Create high-converting landing pages with ease. Analytics & Reporting Track, view & forecast sales performance. EXPLORE MARKETING SOLUTIONS Engagement Web Chat Receive and respond to messages from visitors to your website. 1:1 SMS Send and receive SMS messages from leads and customers directly from Nutshell. Message App Integration Integrate your messaging apps and reply directly from Nutshell. EXPLORE ENGAGEMENT SOLUTIONS Quotes Create, send, and track the progress of quotes and proposals directly in your CRM. EXPLORE QUOTES Nutshell IQ Sales Prospecting Search through over 200 million contacts, add ideal customers to your CRM. Visitor Identification Pinpoint the companies and individuals visiting your site. Contact Enrichment Locate specific individuals working at the companies in your book of business. EXPLORE NUTSHELL IQ Professional Services Free support for all customers, optional onboarding, and ongoing advisement and strategy. Explore Professional Services See Nutshell in action! Try Nutshell free for 14 days or let us show you around before you dive in. free trial contact sales World-class live support for all customers We want you to succeed. That’s why we don’t charge extra for support. Our friendly support team has your back from the moment you start your trial. We’ll even help migrate your data so you can get up-and-running fast. Onboarding and implementation services are available if you need them. LEARN MORE The best next-action sales & marketing CRM on the market HOW NUTSHELL IS DIFFERENT Compare CRM features What makes Nutshell different from other CRMs? SHOW ME Case Studies Genoskin Customer Success Story Superfine! Art Fair Customer Success Story SkySpecs Customer Success Story Discover Our Latest Blog Posts Elevate your strategy with expert sales, marketing, and business planning tips Randee Sheppard – December 31, 2025 The Best AI CRM for Small Businesses in 2026 CRM Sales Read More Simone Morgan – December 30, 2025 Best CRMs For Outbound Sales: Top 9 Solutions Compared For 2025 CRM Sales Read More Simone Morgan – December 29, 2025 Best CRMs With Quoting For Small Businesses: 2026 Guide CRM Lead Management Read More More blog posts Join 30,000+ other sales and marketing professionals. Subscribe to our Sell to Win newsletter! This element relies on Javascript to run. Please enable Javascript in your browser for the best viewing experience. Visit our contact page if you have questions or are in need of assistance. Supporting over 5k companies across 50 countries since 2009 Pricing Sales Suite Marketing Suite Engagement Suite Nutshell Quotes Nutshell IQ Professional Services Products Integrations & More Integration Marketplace AI Agent Marketplace Recent Product Updates Next Action Selling Compare Nutshell Industries Digital Marketing Support Help Center Resources API Security Privacy GDPR Accessibility Statement End User License Agreement Status & Reliability About Us Live Demo Contact Company Our Partners Become a Partner Customer Stories Blog Careers Proudly brought to you by WebFX 213 S. Ashley Street Suite #200, Ann Arbor, MI 48104 ©2026 Nutshell Sitemap CRM Pricing Choose from 5 flexible tiers based on what you need! Annual and monthly plans available. Features From contact & pipeline management to AI call summaries & everything in between. Integrations Built-in tools and over 5,000 Integrations to keep your CRM your source of truth. The AI CRM Use our AI features to save more time than Nutshell costs (and then some). CRM for Google Works seamlessly with Gmail, Calendar, Meets and more. CRM for Microsoft Works seamlessly with Outlook Email and Calendar, Teams and more. CRM Resources Tips, guides and starter packs to help you get started with or improve your CRM. Free Customer Support Customer Support is free for every Nutshell customer. Get a Demo Book a 1-on-1 Demo for a personalized walkthrough or join a Group Demo. Start a 14-Day Free Trial try it for free All-In-One Products CRM & Sales Simple, Flexible CRM to organize your sales team Marketing Email marketing, forms, landing page software and more to help you connect and convert your audiences. Engagement Web Chat & SMS software to help run your business and communicate with your customers. Quotes & Invoices Create, send, and track the progress of quotes and invoices directly in your CRM. Nutshell IQ Build a prospect list, identify qualified website visitors & connect with the right point of contact. Nutshell All-In-One See everything that Nutshell can do for you! Use our calculator to add up your total investment of CRM and Add-ons. Features included with any subscription: CRM, Forms, AI Chatbot, Buyer Journeys, Server-Side Revenue Attribution & So much more! view all features Pricing Nutshell AI AI Agents Designed and trained to increase efficiency, productivity and success. AI Chatbot Answer questions, book appointments and provide support 24/7. Trained on your business. Meeting & Call Summarization No more logging calls. No more taking notes - our AI does it for you. AI Email Replies Speed up email response times with AI email starters. Timeline Summarization Quickly understand customer history and context, saving time and improving personalized interactions. MCP Server Integration Use tools like ChatGPT to better understand your CRM data. AI Sales Coach Real-time guidance to help you know what to do next to boost sales and performance. All AI Features View all of Nutshell's AI features and save 10+ hours per week (per user) The only CRM that actually gives you time back and lets your team focus on selling, not software See all that our AI features have to offer. Explore our AI features Solutions & Services Industries Manufacturing & Industrial Professional & Business Services Consulting, MSP, & IT Banking-Lending-Insurance Building-Construction & Real Estate Home & Commercial Services All Industries How Do You Sell? Inbound Sales Outbound Sales Team Selling Relationship-Based Sales Account-Based Sales Which model are you? CRM Services CRM Onboarding Customer Support CRM Consulting CRM Migrations from Salesforce CRM Migrations from Hubspot CRM Migrations from Zendesk Sell Marketing Services Digital Marketing Services Data Enrichment Services Email Marketing Services Programmatic Advertising Digital Marketing Tools AI SEO Services ChatGPT Advertising All Marketing Services Resources Product Info Live Demo On Demand Webinars Product Updates & Roadmap View All Features Integrations Developer-API Documentation Security Education & Guides Help Center Free Resource Downloads Self Onboarding Guide Testimonials & Reviews CRM Resources Marketing Resources Engagement Resources Company Contact Sales About Us Careers Our Partners Next Action Selling Blog See why so many businesses choose the easy-to-use, affordable, all-in-one AI-CRM to grow their business. customer testimonials Contact Us Contact Sales Contact Sales Live Group Demo Submit an RFP Chat with our Chatbot Product Roadmap Contact Support & Marketing Contact Support Contact Marketing Become a Nutshell Partner Media Kit Follow Nutshell YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Instagram X Prefer to try us out before talking to somebody? Start a trial today and talk to sales when you're ready. 14-day free trial Start Free Trial