Donate  
Home
About
About NV Access
About NVDA
Testimonials
Download
Get Help
Corporate / Government
Corporate / Government Procurement and rollout
Consulting / Development Services
Blog
News
Support Us
Shop
Create Account / Log In
We believe that  every Blind + Vision Impaired person Deserves the right to  freely & easily access a computer!

We create the software which makes that possible

The Facts
Millions of People

There are 285 million blind & vision impaired people in the world. They all have amazing gifts to contribute to society, but they need the right tools to realise their dreams.

Technology Is The Key

Technology opens up so many doors. But for those of us without sight, computers don’t work straight out of the box. Software called a “screen reader” is needed to translate visual information verbally, so we can make sense of what is on screen.

The Issue

Unfortunately many screen readers cost thousands of dollars — often more than the computer itself. This holds millions of people back from affording to use a computer and discovering their potential.

A Free Solution

We have spent over 15 years developing the global solution: a free, high quality screen reader, accessible to all! NVDA: Non-Visual Desktop Access. We have already enabled 250,000+ people to gain freedom, education and employment!

How to get involved
Download the NVDA  Screen Reader
Support  NV Access
Training  & Support Materials
Hi, We’re Mick & Jamie
Our Manifesto
Access to technology no matter your language, location or financial situation
Quality over growth, access over profit
Software by the blind, for the blind
Ensuring innovation + preventing stagnation through competition
Uncompromising Quality Software
Serving minorities, not just the majority consumer
Learn more about us and what we believe in
We’re trusted and supported by
Learn more about our accessibility consultation services
Featured Products
Basic Training for NVDA (eBook)
AUD $32.00 Add to cart
NVDA Expert Certification
AUD $100.00 Go to NVDA Expert Certification
Sale! 
NVDA Productivity Bundle
AUD $225.00 Original price was: AUD $225.00.AUD $199.00Current price is: AUD $199.00. Add to cart
What our USERS SAY

“I am so thankful for the creation of NVDA. It has really changed my life. With NVDA, I do not have to worry about spending tons of extra money on third party software to use a computer. I can purchase any new computer that I want, and I can use it for the same cost as a sighted person.”

– Reina Brown, United States













Social Media

Follow @NVAccess on: Mastodon, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, Instagram & BlueSky, and find us on RBlind and Discord

And sign up for E-Mail updates from NV Access directly to your inbox

About Us

NV Access is a registered charity and software development company.

We are the creators of NVDA, a free, open source, globally accessible screen reader for the blind and vision impaired.

Recent Posts
In-Process 16th December 2025
World Blind Union General Assembly and World Blindness Summit São Paulo 2025
NVDA with Digitech Reece
NVDA Roadmap
In-Process 27th November 2025
@NVAccess on Mastodon
Loading Mastodon feed...
Useful Links
My Account
Contact Us
Donate
Github
Accessibility
Privacy
Partners
Releases
Careers
© 2025 NV Access Limited. All rights reserved. ABN 96 149 271 036