Leader in K-12 Assessment and Research | NWEA Skip to content Main Navigation Sales Support Logins MAP Growth MAP Growth Student Login MAP Reading Fluency MAP Reading Fluency Student Login Professional Learning Online Products Assessments MAP Growth MAP Reading Fluency Product Resources MAP Growth Norms Family Toolkit Kit de herramientas de la familia Approval by state Powered by decades of research and trusted by millions, the MAP Suite delivers the most reliable, actionable data to guide smarter decisions for every student, in every grade, across every subject. Services Professional Learning Professional Learning Overview MAP Growth Professional Learning MAP Reading Fluency Professional Learning Instructional Coaching for Teachers Science of Reading Literacy Suite Make meaningful, measurable instructional change and a lasting impact on student growth. Solutions Solutions District & School State By school type Connected Learning Integrated Solutions Instructional Connections Products and services that work together to help your teachers and leaders make better instructional decisions every day. Research Research NWEA Research Measurement & Psychometrics Research Publications Our Experts MAP Growth National Dashboard We pioneer educational research, assessment methodology, rigorous content, and psychometric precision to support teachers across the globe in the critical work they do every day. Resources Explore our resources Resource Center Teach. Learn. Grow. the education blog Research Library Resources for Teachers School & District Leaders State Leaders Product Support NWEA Connection MAP Help Center About us Your partner for responsive, evidence-based assessment and learning solutions. About Leadership News Events Careers Policy & Advocacy Tour Map Growth NWEA Home Advancing learning outcomes for all kids We empower educators and learners with evidence-based assessments that reveal and unlock opportunity. Advancing learning outcomes for all kids We empower educators and learners with evidence-based assessments that reveal and unlock opportunity. Assessment connected to learning Led by trusted, reliable assessments, our products and services bring actionable insights and learning solutions together to help educators solve their biggest instructional and operational challenges. Get precise, dependable insights for making critical decisions and personalizing instruction, and make meaningful instructional change with MAP Growth professional learning. Get better insights Comprehensively assess reading fluency in one class period and accelerate K–5 reading development with connected AI-driven tutoring and evidence-based professional learning. Close reading gaps Get precise, dependable insights for making critical decisions and personalizing instruction, and make meaningful instructional change with MAP Growth professional learning. Get better insights Comprehensively assess reading fluency in one class period and accelerate K–5 reading development with connected AI-driven tutoring and evidence-based professional learning. Close reading gaps Get precise, dependable insights for making critical decisions and personalizing instruction, and make meaningful instructional change with MAP Growth professional learning. Get better insights Comprehensively assess reading fluency in one class period and accelerate K–5 reading development with connected AI-driven tutoring and evidence-based professional learning. Close reading gaps Turning evidence into action Effective and classroom relevant Ready where you are Gain practical, use-them-tomorrow strategies from a partner with a proven record of driving student growth. Learn more Teach. Learn. Grow. The education blog Essential advice for better teaching and learning Strengthen your teaching practice on everything from the science of reading to formative assessment to using MAP Growth and MAP Reading Fluency data to support student learning. New posts every Tuesday and Thursday! Visit the blog “We’re very data-driven, so we still had to measure ‘Are we making a difference?’ And we had to have something that was consistent, so NWEA gives us all the best data that we’ve been able to find.” GREG WILSON Academic Director Elgin Children’s Foundation “MAP Reading Fluency™ has been such a gift to our network this year…it really provided our teachers easy access to high-quality data when it came to early literacy.” STEPHANIE CARDELLA Executive Director for Curriculum, Instruction, & Assessment Distinctive Schools “NWEA, it’s parent friendly. It’s extremely teacher friendly, unlike some other routes that our district has tried. NWEA is my favorite, it’s not rocket science. I’m a teacher and it’s teacher friendly. And most importantly, it’s student friendly.” KATE PERBONISH Elementary Teacher Greensburg Salem, PA The work of our researchers supports the critical work of educators across the globe. Core to our mission is building research partnerships with universities, think tanks, grant-funding agencies, and other stakeholders to expand the insights drawn from the world’s largest pool of student data. See current research Ready to partner with us? Let’s connect Stay current by subscribing to our newsletter SIGN ME UP STAY CURRENT by subscribing to our newsletter Thank you! You are now signed up to receive our newsletter containing the latest news, blogs, and resources from NWEA. CLOSE Research Partnerships apply below! Thank you! Thank you for registering to be a partner in research! Close Overlay Download the guide Thank you! Click below to view now. View guide Continue exploring >>