The Times of Northwest Indiana | Breaking News | Read Munster, IN and Indiana breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Indiana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one: 2 subscriptions for only $20! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 23° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime Lake County Porter County LaPorte County State & Regional Education Politics Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Business Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Sports NWI Preps College MLB NHL MLS NBA NFL Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorial Columnist Lifestyles Art & Theater Event Calendar Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Contests Comics Puzzles Play Home & Garden Health Get Healthy Parenting Pets Fashion People Travel Faith Outdoors Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios The Times Media Company Southland Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local I Love A Deal Shopping Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter Bluesky LinkedIn YouTube Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Sports Opinion Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs 23° Snow Shower Javascript is required to use this website. Valpo woman and Florida man charged with public indecency after sexual encounter in Menards parking lot Maya Liquigan Portage Police Officers found a Valparaiso woman and a Florida man engaging in sexual intercourse in the back of a Menards parking lot. Both have been charged with public indecency. Dikembe Shaw and Crown Point boys, Valparaiso girls earn IBCA weekly honors Mason Williams Crown Point senior Dikembe Shaw is the IBCA's Player of the Week, and his Bulldogs — along with the Valparaiso girls team — helped NWI teams sweep TOTW honors. Gary man sentenced to work release, probation after nephew shot self with his unsecured gun Lizzie Kaboski A judge opted not to sentence Jacorri Danzy, 34, to prison because of his remorse, lack of criminal history and his mother and children's dependency on him as a caretaker. New Indiana Court of Appeals chief judge hails from Lake County Dan Carden Judge Elizabeth Tavitas recently was elected to a three-year term as chief judge by the 15 jurists sitting on the Court of Appeals bench. David Hoffmann to become chair of Times of Northwest Indiana owner after $35 million deal Times Staff The investment agreement includes a total of $50 million, along with leadership changes at Lee Enterprises. Illinois woman charged with multiple felonies after alleged stabbing in Region home Maya Liquigan A woman from Matteson, Illinois is facing multiple felony charges after police responded to a domestic violence call in Merrillville early Tuesday morning. Chicago Bulls lose top scorers Coby White and Josh Giddey to injuries in loss to Timberwolves Matt Carlson
Associated Press The Bulls lost top scorers Coby White and Josh Giddey to injuries in Monday night’s loss to the Timberwolves. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You Data center boom puts Northwest Indiana communities at a crossroads New owners take over nearly century-old Northwest Indiana funeral home Man accused of lewd act around customers, child at Portage Meijer store The Latest Special Weather Statement until TUE 9:30 PM CST Accumulating Snow and Slippery Conditions This Evening Special Weather Statement until TUE 8:30 PM CST Accumulating Snow and Slippery Conditions This Evening Region Voices: People who keep NWI moving The Region Voices series from The Times of Northwest Indiana shines a light on the people who keep our communities moving. Each story offers a glimpse into the everyday heroes among us — from teachers and first responders to artists, volunteers, and small business owners. Mandate for wrapped vehicle owners to notify Indiana BMV takes effect Thursday "As vehicles are constantly evolving in their appearances, it's vital that our registration records reflect these changes accurately," said state Sen. Mark Spencer. Northwest Indiana donut shop closes after less than a year Sweet Circle shuttered after less than a year in Schererville. Top Journal Star photos and videos for December 2025 Northwest Indiana neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in The Times. 219 News Now 12/30/2025 Video provided in partnership with The Times, JEDtv and WJOB. Sponsored by Strack & Van Til and the South Shore Line. Editor's Pick Region Voices: People who keep NWI moving TIMES STAFF The Region Voices series from The Times of Northwest Indiana shines a light on the people who keep our communities moving. Each story offers a glimpse into the everyday heroes among us — from teachers and first responders to artists, volunteers, and small business owners. Interact With Us Watch NCC High School Games Live Click Now to catch NCC games live and view previous games on demand. Sponsored by Domino's, Peoples Bank, Strack & Van Til Dutch Farms and Popa Heating & Cooling. 219 News Now: 3rd defendant charged in 19-year-old’s Hobart shooting death arrested Here’s your 219 News Now for December 30, 2025. 3rd defendant charged in 19-year-old’s Hobart shooting death arrested. Check out these top stories and more in The Times and nwi.com. 219 News Now: Pierogi Drop to ring in New Year on 'NWI Times Square' with 50-foot dumpling plunge Here’s your 219 News Now for December 29, 2025. Pierogi Drop to ring in New Year on 'NWI Times Square' with 50-foot dumpling plunge. Check out these top stories and more in The Times and nwi.com. Get Healthy: Build sound habits slowly by setting reachable goals and celebrating progress For many people, Jan. 1 is a chance to leave old habits behind and forge new, healthier alternatives in the 12 months to come. Latest Video The first baby boomers are turning 80 Belarus shows off Russian Nuclear-Capable Oreshnik Missiles on its land Andy Reid Says He Will Return in 2026 if Chiefs Want Him Back Senator Jeff Merkley's 22-hour marathon speech against Trump agenda Sports Check out prep results from Tuesday, Dec. 30, and Monday, Dec. 29, 2025 Coaches may report scores by email to: MUNSports@lee.net . Local Prep Schedule Here's a look at the upcoming prep schedule Local Prep Schedule Here's a look at the upcoming prep schedule Local college results from Monday, Dec. 22, 2025 Here's a look at local college basketball results Listen Now Podcasts Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Brown police chief placed on leave; Chiefs moving to Kansas | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life & Entertainment The best films of 2025: ‘Hamnet,’ ‘One Battle After Another’ lead list This year’s best films come from a number of countries and feature some of the finest performances in decades. Riveting images of faith and spirituality: 30 of AP's best religion photos of 2025 A year of faith through AP’s lens — from crowded squares to quiet acts of devotion. Dr. Barton Goldsmith: A new year breaks you free of the past As early as last summer, I started hearing people say that 2026 had to be a better year than this one. Perhaps that was a little earlier than usual, but isn’t that always the hope? A fresh start, new beginnings and a chance for a psychic do-over give us the ability to make the next year more of how we want our world to be. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Sponsored Valparaiso University enhancing healthcare education with virtual tools Content by Valparaiso University Office of Advancement. See how Valparaiso University is staying on the cutting edge of healthcare education through the use of virtual technology. Sponsored Launch your healthcare career at Ivy Tech Lake County Content by Ivy Tech Community College Lake County. Find out what makes Ivy Tech a statewide leader in nursing and healthcare education. Provided What the Smartest Hospitals Are Prioritizing in Their IT Infrastructure and Why Consumer Devices No Longer Make the Cut Provided content. Hospitals are prioritizing medical-grade computing infrastructure built for reliability, hygiene, and continuous use. Contributor Holiday Travel Prep: What to Know Before Hitting the Road Contributor content. The following guide tells you what to think about before you set off and provides tips for comfort and safety. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Safety Check: Credit card security tips Learn how to safeguard your credit card with tips from Fidelity Investments, including using contactless cards and setting up fraud alerts. Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Local Businesses Blythes Sport Shop 138 N Broads Street, Highland, IN 46322 Website AAA Automotive 9424 Indianapolis Blvd, Highland, IN 46322 Website 4 PAW SAKE RESCUE 2739 GLENWOOD-DYER ROAD, LYNWOOD, IL 60411 Print Ads Healthcare HEALTHLINC / RETAIL Grocery Food STRACK & VAN TIL / INDIANA GROCERY GROUP LLC Education NWI THE TIMES HOUSE ACCOUNT Other NWI THE TIMES HOUSE ACCOUNT Healthcare HEALTHLINC / RETAIL Services FOUR SEASONS HEATING, AIR CONDITIONING, PLUMBING, & ELECTRIC Cars Vehicles DUKE OF OIL / MUNSTER Other RESIDENCES AT DEER CREEK Grocery Food STRACK & VAN TIL / INDIANA GROCERY GROUP LLC Grocery Food STRACK & VAN TIL / INDIANA GROCERY GROUP LLC × Facebook Twitter Bluesky LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Subscribe to The Times About Us Contact Us Legal Notices Newspaper Archives Sites & Partners Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report The Times Media Company Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features IN Business Southland Get Healthy Services Manage Your Subscription E-edition Send a News Tip Donation Request Work here RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up Submit an Event Submit a Celebration Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Licensing Shopping © Copyright 2025 The Times , 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN 46321 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Crime Subscribe Entertainment & Dining Subscribe Latest News Subscribe Local Sports Subscribe NWI Prep Sport News Subscribe Weather Alerts Subscribe