Fiber & Wireless Internet - #1 Internet Provider Near You Residential Business Small Business Multifamily Public Sector Education 855-698-5465 Products Internet Wireless Fiber Home Phone Mobile DirecTV About Support My Account Lighting fast Internet Check Availability Fiber internet available in select areas. Internet for Home and Business A massive upgrade over traditional internet, Nextlink Fiber delivers speeds up to 10,000 Mbps (10 Gbps) straight to your door. 2gb fiber Fiber 2 GIG 2000/2000 Mbps $ 100 ⓘ $10 off will apply to the first 12 months of internet service only. Price will increase to $110 in month 13. Free install will apply to Standard Install Fee. $110.00 check Includes Wi-Fi Router Pro and 1 Extender check Unlimited Data check Free Install Shop Now Broadband Label Fiber 1gb Fiber 1 GIG 1000/1000 Mbps $ 60 ⓘ $10 off will apply to the first 12 months of internet service only. Price will increase to $70 in month 13. Free install will apply to Standard Install Fee. $70.00 check Includes Wi-Fi Router Pro check Unlimited Data check Free Install Shop Now Broadband Label 500mb fiber Fiber 500 500/500 Mbps $ 45 ⓘ $10 off will apply to the first 12 months of internet service only. Price will increase to $55 in month 13. Free install will apply to Standard Install Fee. $55.00 check Includes Wi-Fi Router Pro check Unlimited Data check Free Install Shop Now Broadband Label Manage Your Service Anywhere with the Nextlink Connect App. Pay your bill, manage your plan, and troubleshoot your equipment — all from your phone. One-tap bill pay Service status updates Troubleshooting tools Chat with support Premier Internet service for rural communities. Nextlink Internet provides more than just Internet. We provide a connection you can count on to support all of your online devices. Sign up for home Internet service from Nextlink and see why so many of your neighbors have already switched to Nextlink Internet. Learn More about Fiber Learn More about Wireless Unlimited Data Stream freely with no limits. Nextlink Internet does not cap data usage or charge overage fees. Reliable Speeds Choose the Internet package speed that is best for your home or business up to 10 Gbps over fiber. Whole Home Wi-Fi Get a strong, secure Wi-Fi signal to support your entire home with Next-Fi powered by eero. 24/7 Support We offer 24/7 service monitoring and customer service to keep your internet running optimally. Shop our products Internet Mobile Phone Wireless Coverage Fiber Coverage Current Internet Service Areas Nextlink Internet is bringing fast, reliable internet to more and more homes and new cities all the time. See when you’re one of them. Click on a state to view the detailed service areas we offer. Arkansas Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Lousiana Minnesota Missouri Nebraska Oklahoma South Dakota Texas Wisconsin Wyoming Follow Follow Follow Follow About Us Areas We Serve Careers Contact Us Giving Back News Open Internet Transparency Statement Partnerships and Acquisitions Internet Packages For Home Business Commercial Multi-Family Community Education Public Sector Fiber Mini Towers Sign Up Support Billing Questions Check for Outages Pay My Bill Refer a Friend Test My Speed Trouble Ticket Upgrade Your Speed Nextlink Connect App Legal & Regulatory |  Privacy Settings Residential Business Small Business Multifamily Public Sector Education Products Internet Wireless Fiber Home Phone Mobile DirecTV About Support Start Shopping 855-698-5465 Follow Follow Follow Follow