Digital Content Experience Platform | Nxtbook contact us schedule a demo Go 866-268-1219 option 4 Solutions PageRaft nxtbook Promotion Services Industries B2B Enterprise Marketing Publishing Higher Education Sports Leagues Travel and Leisure Associations More Examples Client Stories Digital Magazine Digital Catalogs Digital Reports Digital Archives Digital Brochures Pricing Resources Blog Digital Publishing Guide Ebooks & Guides Current Customers Payment Portal Client Knowledge Base Product Support About FAQ Our Story Meet the Team Careers Request a Demo Digital Content Experiences That Deliver Results Publish your print, PDF, & website content in our accessible, deeply engaging platforms Schedule a Demo Two Platforms. Unlimited Potential. PageRaft PageRaft allows publishers to create a digital-first, responsive content experience across all devices. Watch the Video nxtbook With nxtbook, you can create digital publications that replicate traditional print layouts and enhance them with interactive elements. Watch the Video × × What Can I Publish with Nxtbook Media? Marketing Collateral Create brochures, white papers, booklets, reports, and newsletters that look awesome using our digital content platforms. Learn More Magazines & Journals It's more important than ever to engage deeply and make an impact with your curated content. Our software can make it happen. Learn More Travel Guides Make your travel guides look (almost) as spectacular as your destination. Learn More Catalogs Leverage our shopping cart and automatic linking functionality to build an exquisite digital content experience. Learn More Textbooks & Manuals Develop interactive easily editable digital teaching materials at a portion of the cost of print using our platforms. Learn More Digital Archives Imagine taking years of content and condensing it into one easy to use section. We make it simple for you. Learn More Who is publishing with Nxtbook? Nxtbook works with leading content creators from around the globe in order to create engaging curated experiences. Meaningful Digital Engagement is Difficult to Attain. Our platforms make it possible. (Like over 7 minutes per visit possible) "Now is the time when the greatest businesses of the next decade will be built. Now is the time when the most innovative companies take market share from those who are just holding on. Nxtbook can help you build innovative digital experiences that engage and delight digital audiences." Joe Pulizzi Content Marketing Strategist, Speaker, and Best-Selling Author Engage Your Audience On Their Terms Responsive publications automatically adjust based on your reader's device. This means that no matter what device they're using, your content will be displayed in a beautiful, simple layout that creates an optimal reading experience. Our HTML responsive platform, PageRaft, helps you meet the demands of an increasingly mobile world without the need to recreate different templates or layouts for different devices. Our nxtbook platform is a great option for those who already have design files or PDFs and want to create an immersive digital experience. Design With Nxtbook Media, the choice is yours. You can design your digital content on your own or simply send us the PDF or InDesign file and we'll help deliver a flawless digitally optimized publication. Digitize With a PageRaft license you have the power and tools to design your content directly in the software for a digital-first reader experience. With a nxtbook license, you can transform your existing content into a digitally optimized publication. Distribute Publish once. Distribute Everywhere. Once your content is published, it will be available on desktop and mobile browsers. Prefer to keep your content private? Our platforms can make that happen as well. Explore Our Platforms Schedule a Demo What Our Partners Are Saying "I was pleasantly surprised with the robustness of the Nxtbook solution and even more so with the customer support. It can be risky to take on a new solution-especially one in a space I'm not familiar with—but the Nxtbook team quickly allayed my fears by responding to each of my questions in a timely, and professional manner." Stu Johnson Director of Marketing Redzone Production Systems "There is no way for me, our production team and our staff to express the incredible joy that we feel about your digital platform. We adore PageRaft and feel that it is intelligent, intuitive, and crisp. Thank you so much for your help, creativity, and excellence. From my point of view, I've been in journalism for 30 years and our launch on PageRaft was one of the best days of my career." Lawrence Hollyfield Director of Operations Global Golf Post "This innovative digital technology helps share magazine content in a mobile-friendly format with an easy-to-navigate design that offers expanded mobile advertising opportunities." Montoya Whiteman Editor American Indian Science And Engineering Society "We used Page Raft to create a digital version of a print magazine we publish and couldn't have been happier with our experience. The magazine is interactive, clean and extremely easy to navigate. Also, our design elements, which the team animated, really look the part on-screen. We would recommend Nxtbook without a shadow of a doubt!" Paula Murphy Content Editor Zahra Media Group "I just want to tell you that of all of the relationships that we have with other companies, our relationship with Nxtbook is by far the best. We all really love working with all of you." Nicole Schwelnus Director, Creative Web Services Henry Schein "Working with Nxtbook is so easy and stress-free. They are always quick, friendly and our books look amazing. It is a partnership we can't do without!" Erin Hein Director of Operations Knighthouse Publishing "I get a lot of very favorable comments from our readers on our Scorecard. Wow. So professional. So clear. Easy to read. Fast. And some more wows." John Grossman District President American Contract Bridge League "WWF International's Annual Review brings the WWF brand to life, celebrating our many achievements over the past year. Thank you for helping us produce the online version which allows us to share what we do in a much more engaging way. Your design team was a pleasure to work with and your efficient design process made it easy for us to deliver this project on time at the highest standards. Thank you." May Guerraoui Brand Strategy Manager WWF International "You could not ask for a more loyal partner than Nxtbook Media. Whatever you need, whatever a client requests, they make it happen, and are more than happy to help." Lee A. Gelwicks Operations Manager Mercury Publishing Services, Inc. Get The Ultimate Guide to Digital Publishing In the guide you'll learn: Why premium content deserves better than a PDF Getting started with digital publishing in five steps How to create a digital brochure and an online magazine Get It Now Benefits of Our Platforms Improved Brand Perception Today's mobile-first readers don't have the patience to pinch and zoom around unresponsive PDFs and images. If you've established a high-end brand or are trying to build one. Don't settle for average. Wow your customers and prospects with a truly engaging, digital experience that will have them coming back for more. Flexibility Whether you're looking to build new digital-first content, make a pixel-perfect replica of a print design, or something in between, our powerful platforms have you covered. Monetization If you're a digital publisher, monetization is key for your business model. Monetize your digital publication by selling subscriptions, enhanced advertisements, and digital-only sponsorship spots. Circulation Reach a wider audience and increase your circulation. Digital publications can tap into distribution channels like social media and email to reach a wider audience. And, because of rich media like video, readers engage for longer with your content than they do on websites. Analytics Go beyond basic analytics and see how your content is performing on a granular level. Our detailed analytics provide insights on how your readers engage with your content. You can use it to analyze, improve performance and achieve your goals. Accessibility Both platforms feature options to help you achieve your accessibility goals including a standard keyboard operable interface, additional options to adjust fonts, colors, and more. Schedule a Demo Excellence 40+ Awards Consistently ranked in the top 10 best places to work in PA, and ranked nationally in the Top 101 Best and Brightest Companies. Experience 100,000+ Nxtbook Media has supported more than 100K projects... and counting. Trust 7.5 Years Our top clients have been with us for an average of 7.5 years. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. To understand more about how we use cookies please see our Privacy Policy . By continuing to use our site, you consent to our Cookie Policy. Got It 100 North Queen Street, Suite 300 Lancaster, Pennsylvania 17603 866-268-1219 F t i Solutions PageRaft nxtbook Promotion Services Resources Blog Ebooks & Guides Guide to Digital Publishing Clients Knowledge Base Payment Contact About FAQ Meet the Team Careers Privacy Policy ©2025 Nxtbook Media