New York Botanical Garden Get tickets to Holiday Train Nights for the best Holiday Train Show availability! Skip to main content Quick Links Tickets Membership Support Menu Site Navigation Visit Visit Tickets & Hours How to Get Here Dining Interactive Map & Mobile Guide Group Visits Marriage Proposals Special Events & Rentals Accessibility Visitor Tips & Policies What’s On Gardens Gardens Gardens & Collections Bloom & Foliage Trackers Bronx Green-Up Educational Resources About Our Community Events, Workshops, & Volunteer Opportunities Bronx Green-Up Certificate Courses Community Resources PlantTracker Plant Science Plant Science About Our Scientists Meet the Scientists Our Projects All Research Projects Algae Amazon Atlantic Coastal Forest (Brazil) Biodiversity Collections Bryophytes Caribbean Conservation Ecology Ferns and Lycophytes Floras, Checklists, and Inventories Flowering Plants Forest Research Fungi and Lichens Gymnosperms Laboratory Research North America Pacific Plants, People and Culture South America Southeast Asia Systematics Tropical Research Project Archive News & Events News and Media Events and Activities Article Alerts: Selected Staff Publications Science Seminar Videos Science Programs & Departments Center for Plants, People and Culture Center for Biodiversity & Evolution Laboratory for Integrative Biodiversity Research Graduate Studies Program Center for Conservation and Restoration Ecology Collections & Resources LuEsther T. Mertz Library William & Lynda Steere Herbarium C.V. Starr Virtual Herbarium Plant Science Research Laboratory Collections Index to American Botanical Literature Index Herbariorum NYBG Press NYBG Gardens & Collections NYBG Living Collections Research Application Education Education Continuing Education Classes by Subject Certificate Programs Self-Paced Learning Lectures & Symposia Continuing Education FAQs Children’s Education Out-of-School Programs For Families The Edible Academy Everett Children’s Adventure Garden School & Teachers School of Professional Horticulture Hands-on Training School of Professional Horticulture Alumni Corner FAQ Academic Calendar Tuition & Financial Aid How to Apply Licensing & Accreditation Mertz Library About the Library Databases Digital Collections Special Collections Archives Plant Information Research Guides Library Exhibitions Library Services Humanities Institute 2014–2024 The LuEsther T. Mertz Library – Interlibrary Loan Request Form The LuEsther T. Mertz Library – Image Request Form Lectures, Talks, & Symposia Current & Upcoming Lectures & Symposia Past Lectures, Talks, & Symposia Lecture Library Ask A Plant Expert Read & Watch Plants as Liberation Plant Talk About About Who We Are Senior Staff Board of Trustees Institutional Documents Provisional Land Acknowledgment Government Support Gold Medal Recipients Strategic Plan Past Exhibitions Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility Press Room Press Release Archive Exhibitions and General NYBG Image Galleries Work With Us Employment Volunteer Sustainability Plant Research and Conservation Energy Efficiency Alternative Treatments Protect & Restore Future Stewards Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions/ Terms of Use Licensing Partnerships Contact Us Shop Search Search SEARCH Welcome to the Garden Featured Programs Holiday Train Show ® Get your tickets now! November 15, 2025 through January 11, 2026 After more than three decades, the Holiday Train Show continues to delight as New York City’s favorite winter tradition and a can’t-miss adventure. The timeless magic of rail travel fills NYBG with seasonal cheer as model trains travel over famous bridges and through familiar city settings, bringing nearly 200 twinkling landmark replicas—including new surprises for 2025/2026—to life under the glass of the warm and welcoming Enid A. Haupt Conservatory. Holiday Train Nights Select dates in November, December, and January Let roving train conductors welcome you to experience the Holiday Train Show ® in a whole new light as we illuminate the exhibition for Holiday Train Nights—lively after-dark celebrations where you can sip seasonal cocktails and mocktails under the glass of the warm and twinkling Haupt Conservatory. NYBG Shop Find the perfect gift this holiday season Check out NYBG Shop’s curated selection of live plants, and peruse NYBG apparel, home decor, gardening tools, and gifts for everyone on your list. All purchases support our work in science, horticulture, and education. The Orchid Show: Mr. Flower Fantastic's Concrete Jungle Coming February 7, 2026 New York City has never bloomed like this. At The Orchid Show: Mr. Flower Fantastic’s Concrete Jungle , orchids collide with concrete in a dazzling reimagining of the Big Apple, from stoops and slice shops to the subway itself. Step into a breathtaking fusion of nature and cityscape artistry in the Enid A. Haupt Conservatory, and experience the flair and style of New York transformed by thousands of flowers. Photo: AP The Angel Become a Member Support the City's most beautiful escape Members get more of what makes NYBG great! While you support the Garden's good works, you can visit all year round, as many times as you’d like, with free admission and exclusive benefits. Register Now for Fall-Winter Classes Discover your passion Make this time of seasonal transition the moment you pursue a new passion, hobby, or career! NYBG's Continuing Education offerings cover everything from gardening, landscape design, and floral design to hands-on craft workshops and more—with online, on-site, and blended programs available. Check Out Plant People: An NYBG Podcast Dive into our award-winning Season 2! Featuring NYBG’s CEO & President, Jennifer Bernstein, Plant People brings together scientists, gardeners, authors, activists, and experts in a wide variety of subjects to share the ways plants impact our lives. Welcome to Welikia 2.0 Explore New York City—400 years ago The Welikia Project aims to illuminate the rich ecological history that underwrites the development of New York City, drawing awareness to how drastically our own neighborhoods have changed over time, and suggesting possible alternative futures. Join us as we reconstruct the ecology of this extraordinary landscape, layer by layer, map by map. Explore Children’s Education Drop-in and registered programs available Kids grow their love of nature at NYBG! From camps that get them outside to explore the wonders of the plant world, to drop-in activities harvesting veggies and planting seedlings, young botanists get their start here. WHAT’S ON Wednesday Dec. 31 Thursday Jan. 1 Friday Jan. 2 Saturday Jan. 3 Sunday Jan. 4 Monday Jan. 5 Tuesday Jan. 6 View Calendar Holiday Train Show ® Evergreen Express Various Times | Adventure Garden Winter Wonderland Tree Tour Various Times | At the Garden Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online Forest Bathing Ongoing | At the Garden EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Holiday Train Show ® Evergreen Express Various Times | Adventure Garden Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online Forest Bathing Ongoing | At the Garden EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Holiday Train Nights 7 to 10 p.m. Featured Event Holiday Train Show ® Evergreen Express Various Times | Adventure Garden Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online Forest Bathing Ongoing | At the Garden EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Holiday Train Nights 7 to 10 p.m. Featured Event Holiday Train Show ® Holiday Train Show Sensory Friendly Mornings 9 to 11 a.m. | Haupt Conservatory Evergreen Express Various Times | Adventure Garden Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online Forest Bathing Ongoing | At the Garden EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Holiday Train Show ® Evergreen Express Various Times | Adventure Garden Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online Forest Bathing Ongoing | At the Garden EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Holiday Train Show ® Evergreen Express Various Times | Adventure Garden Learn with NYBG Continuing Education At the Garden & Online Bloomberg Connects App Ongoing | At the Garden Virtual Garden Tours Ongoing | Online NYBG at Home for Kids & Families Ongoing | Online The Plant Doctor Is In Ongoing | Online Virtual Herbarium Expeditions Ongoing | Online Forest Bathing Ongoing | At the Garden EcoQuest Challenge Ongoing | Online Highlights What's Beautiful Now Ask A Plant Expert Mertz Library Plant Science Information Cards About NYBG The New York Botanical Garden is a museum of plants, a center for learning, and a plant science leader in the Bronx. Learn More Plan Your Visit Location 2900 Southern Blvd., Bronx, New York 10458 Get Directions Hours Today’s Hours: 10 a.m. – 6 p.m. Tuesday – Sunday; and select Monday holidays Follow The Latest @NYBG Holiday Train Nights—kicking off tonight at 7 p. We're open until 3 p.m. today, Wednesday, December Here in the Holiday Train Show, there’s a touch The Holiday Train Show is home to some Gilded Age We're OPEN today as winter comes to NYBG, and it's From the Holiday Train Show to the Everett Childre Come toast the season with us this weekend! Holida Nights out at the Garden have never been more magi Sometimes learning a new skill is the best gift yo Friends in town, or just looking to get out of the Join us for a helicopter tour of the Holiday Train December’s here, winter’s in the air, and Holi Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about all things NYBG Subscribe Now Footer Menu Visit What’s On Gardens Plant Science Education About Shop Location 2900 Southern Blvd Bronx, NY 10458-5126 How To Get Here General Info Call: 718.817.8700 Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Jobs Social Instagram Facebook Bluesky YouTube TikTok Translate