NYC Tourism + Conventions | Explore the Best Things to Do in NYC Skip to main content Business in NYC English Español Français Português Deutsch language EN Now in NYC keyboard_arrow_down Things To Do keyboard_arrow_down Eat & Drink keyboard_arrow_down Where to Stay Maps & Guides keyboard_arrow_down arrow_back arrow_forward NYC Hotel Week Whether you're planning a winter escape or indulging in a self-care staycation, NYC Hotel Week is your key to the best NYC stays. Start your year off right by saving big on select hotel bookings across the city from Jan 2–Feb 12. Don’t miss out! Book Now arrow_back arrow_forward NYC Hotel Week Whether you're planning a winter escape or indulging in a self-care staycation, NYC Hotel Week is your key to the best NYC stays. Start your year off right by saving big on select hotel bookings across the city from Jan 2–Feb 12. Don’t miss out! Book Now WELCOME TO NEW YORK CITY There's no time like the present to plan a trip to New York City, with its constant energy and endless supply of sights, attractions and activities. Don't wait—a second spent in NYC is just too valuable to miss. Page From Times Square to the World Discover NYC’s groundbreaking history and culture through subway-accessible stories—from Times Square to every borough—in this Founded By NYC video series. Learn More arrow_forward What’s Good in NYC What’s good in New York City? Everything. From delicious eats and iconic sights to our diverse neighborhoods and easily accessible transportation, there’s no better adventure than exploring the five boroughs. Plan your visit now to experience all the thrills of the world’s most welcoming city. ABOUT THE FIVE BOROUGHS So what’s a “borough,” anyway? It’s like a smaller city within our massive metropolis. New York City has five of them. EXPLORE THE BOROUGHS arrow_forward arrow_back Staten Island New York City’s southernmost borough is filled with historic attractions, beach views and global dining options—all just a ferry ride away. View Borough The Bronx The Bronx is packed with New York City history and culture. It’s where Babe Ruth became a baseball legend, where the sounds and styles of hip-hop were born and where you can feast on old-world classics in its own Little Italy. View Borough Brooklyn Between its world-class nightlife and boundary-pushing cuisine, Brooklyn has earned an enviable reputation, but make no mistake—there's fun to be had for all ages. View Borough Manhattan From the bright lights of Broadway to the soaring elms of Central Park and beyond, Manhattan is an American icon. With the most recognizable skyline in the world, NYC’s most visited borough is full of excitement for every kind of adventurer. View Borough Queens Queens can satisfy nearly every taste and thrill. From an endless selection of old-world cuisines to the scenic surf, it’s easy to explore the entire world in one trip around this borough. View Borough Staten Island New York City’s southernmost borough is filled with historic attractions, beach views and global dining options—all just a ferry ride away. View Borough The Bronx The Bronx is packed with New York City history and culture. It’s where Babe Ruth became a baseball legend, where the sounds and styles of hip-hop were born and where you can feast on old-world classics in its own Little Italy. View Borough Brooklyn Between its world-class nightlife and boundary-pushing cuisine, Brooklyn has earned an enviable reputation, but make no mistake—there's fun to be had for all ages. View Borough Manhattan From the bright lights of Broadway to the soaring elms of Central Park and beyond, Manhattan is an American icon. With the most recognizable skyline in the world, NYC’s most visited borough is full of excitement for every kind of adventurer. View Borough Queens Queens can satisfy nearly every taste and thrill. From an endless selection of old-world cuisines to the scenic surf, it’s easy to explore the entire world in one trip around this borough. View Borough Staten Island New York City’s southernmost borough is filled with historic attractions, beach views and global dining options—all just a ferry ride away. View Borough arrow_forward The Bronx Manhattan Queens Brooklyn Staten Island Newsletter What's good in NYC? From coverage of the latest attractions in the five boroughs to deals on Broadway show tickets, incredible cuisine and more, our emails will make sure you never miss a thing. *Email * Required Fields Sign Up THINGS TO DO No matter what you’re into, you’ll find the best of it in New York City. See upcoming events and other Citywide highlights below. BROWSE ALL THINGS TO DO arrow_forward Broadway & Performing Arts arrow_forward Museums & Galleries arrow_forward Tours & Attractions arrow_forward Events & Festivals arrow_forward Shopping arrow_forward Sports arrow_forward Nightlife arrow_forward Founded By NYC arrow_forward Page Founded By NYC Learn about the City's past and how to experience milestones in its history today. Learn More arrow_forward MAPS & GUIDES NYC is one of the world's most diverse destinations. Explore the City's many cultural enclaves and see the five boroughs from every angle. BROWSE ALL MAPS & GUIDES arrow_forward Article NuevaYorkinos Preserves Latino History in NYC Learn about the City’s longstanding Latino community through the curation of archivist Djali Brown-Cepeda. Learn More arrow_forward SAVOR NYC Whether you’re looking for neighborhood eateries, global flavors or immersive cuisine, finding a delicious experience in any part of the City is almost effortless. BROWSE ALL RESTAURANTS arrow_forward Article The Complete Guide to Ellen's Stardust Diner A singing waitstaff is only part of the fun at this 1950s-themed Times Square restaurant, which packs folks in for food and entertainment. Learn More arrow_forward WHERE TO STAY NYC offers accommodations to fit every taste. Whether you’re looking to visit nearby attractions or be in the center of it all, these hotels will make the City your home away from home. BROWSE ALL HOTELS arrow_forward NYC Hotel Week Book now for stays between Jan 2–Feb 12, 2026, and enjoy this epic city your way. From reunions to romantic weekends, group trips or solo escapes, you’ll find the perfect spot to rest and recharge in the City. Learn More arrow_forward An Official Airline Partner Newsletter What's good in NYC? From coverage of the latest attractions in the five boroughs to deals on Broadway show tickets, incredible cuisine and more, our emails will make sure you never miss a thing. *Email Sign Up NEW YORK CITY Things to Do Eat and Drink Where to Stay Guides & Experiences BUSINESS IN NYC Meeting Planners Membership Newsroom Travel Trade Advertise With Us Member Portal VISITOR INFORMATION Welcome to NYC Accessibility Weather and Climate Transportation Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2006- 2025 New York City Tourism + Conventions. All rights reserved.