ICE
NYSE
NYSE CONNECT
LOGIN
Listings
Trading & Data
Insights
About
Innovation and trust go hand-in-hand at the NYSE

The New York Stock Exchange leads with seven of the 10 largest IPOs in 2025, paves way for digital currency public market debuts

LEARN MORE
Capital markets happen here
The NYSE is capitalism at its best, the belief that free and fair markets offer every individual the chance to benefit from success.


We set the standard with our unparalleled trading platform, enabling entrepreneurs, innovators, and investors to raise the capital they need to change the world. We want to share our vision for good governance, transparency, and trust with our listed community, furthering the responsible development of global business. You work too hard to list anywhere else.


LEARN MORE

Today’s Stock Market
Eric Criscuolo - Market Strategist

December 29, 2025 at 9:20 a.m. EST

Good morning. We’re kicking off the last week of 2025 in a rather subdued manner, though the frozen rain around NYC caused some excitement for me this morning as I almost did the penguin toboggan slide down my walkway. We’ll end the year with another short week as we celebrate New Year’s on Thursday. Before that though, S&P futures are trading lower as geopolitical tensions command more attention this morning and tech stocks come under a bit of pressure in the pre-market. Mining names are also trading lower as we approach the open. Futures were down and then moved lower around 8:45am, and are currently at their overnight lows. Today’s modest data will include Pending Home sales. The FOMC minutes will be released tomorrow.

There’s a slight bid in Treasuries this morning, pushing yields down 2bp, while the Dollar is mostly flat against major crosses, though the Yen is slightly stronger. Crude is bouncing off Friday’s weakness as traders weigh multiple geopolitical flashpoints this morning (latest Ukraine peace talks, Chinese actions around Taiwan, etc). Precious metals are selling off after the most recent pronounced advance on Friday. Platinum and palladium are getting hit the hardest but gold, copper and silver are down sharply as well.

EXPAND ARTICLE

Weekly market recap


Catch equity highlights and market-moving news.

READ NOW 

Fed recap


Analysis of monetary policy decisions and market reaction.

READ NOW 

2026 trading calendar


Holidays and other market related events.

READ NOW 

INDICES
Description	Last	Change (%)
NYSE
Description	Last	Change (%)
NYSE AMERICAN
Description	Last	Change (%)
ETFS
Description	Last	Change (%)
NYSE TEXAS
Description	Last	Change (%)

Market data delayed minimum of 15 minutes

What’s next?


The NYSE looks forward to welcoming more leading companies from around the world in 2025, growing our one-of-a-kind community and setting the pace for innovation on a global scale. We’re endlessly inspired by the people behind these companies, check out their stories below and let’s make something happen together.

Going public


What does it take to go public in 2025? Ryan Hinkle draws on twenty years of investing at Insight Partners, one of the most prolific global software investors, and shares his advice for SaaS startups preparing to go public.

Making their mark


Entrepreneurs come to the NYSE to realize their ideas and change the world. We teamed up with 3M’s Post-it® Brand to encourage future leaders visiting our building to take a step toward making their goals and dreams happen. Watch as interns from Life Science Cares’ Project Onramp make their mark.

The Cure(ious)™


We asked some of the most curious minds in life sciences and healthcare to share thoughts on their careers, the future of health and more. Each participant drew questions and shared their insights, knowledge and some personal fun facts that left us inspired about the future of health and wellness.

GET INSPIRED

Connect with NYSE

SUBSCRIBE TO ALERTSWATCH TODAY'S BELL
Listings
What to List
How to List
Listing Process
Listing Resources
Exchange Traded Products
Global Advisory
Sustainability Resource Center
NYSE Board Services
NYSE Connect
Investor Access
Corporate Services
About
Our History
The Bell
Media Center
Behind the Scenes
Events
Products
Equities
Options
Bonds
ETPs
Data
Trading and Data Information
NYSE Data Products
Equity Index Data
Data Policies, Contracts & Guidelines
Resources
NYSE Community
Recent Public Debuts
Insights
Listing Manager
Regulation
Pillar Trading System
ICE Global Network
Widget Library
Privacy & Security Center
Your Choices
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
© 2025 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.