SKIP TO ALL NYU NAVIGATION
SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Information For:
Students
Faculty
Alumni
Employees
Community
Login to NYU Home
All NYU
NYU
NYU MENU BAR INSTRUCTIONS
About NYU
Admissions
Academics
University Life
Research
Search Site
New York University
people walking along Washington Square East with a light dusting of snow on the ground. Cars driving by and NYU flags are visible alongside the park
Solstice in the City

The change of pace at the end of the calendar year offers a moment to look back on the challenges and achievements of the semester behind us and ahead to the warmth and light of the new year to come. NYU offices are closed for Winter Recess from December 22, 2025 to January 2, 2026, and we wish all in our community a reflective, restful, and restorative break. 

News and Research
Brooklyn is Now Home to a Major Hub for Robotics and Embodied Intelligence
The NYU Center brings together researchers tapping into AI to develop intelligent machines that can sense, navigate, and act autonomously in complex real-world environments, from operating rooms to disaster zones
Hot Takes: Neurobiologist Christine Constantinople Explains How Estrogen Aids in Learning
NYU’s 2025 in Photos
Metabolic Analyses of Animal Fossils Helps Scientists Reconstruct Million-Year-Old Environments
Cool Course: Experiential Design and Artificial Intelligence

Meet the NYU Alum Behind Elphaba and Glinda’s Iconic Looks

Costume designer Paul Tazewell (Tisch ’89) talks about the inspiration for his Oscar-winning work on “Wicked”

READ THE NYU ARTS DIGEST COVER STORY
Teaching Innovation
Cool Course Dispatches
From museum studies to disease ecology, our students get hands-on experience—in the classroom and in the vibrant cities we call home
EXPLORE THE SERIES

Ask the Intern

The chance to explore careers in a variety of industries through top NYC internships is one of the biggest advantages of studying at NYU.

HERE'S HOW OUR STUDENTS ARE BUILDING THEIR RESUMES

In and of the World

With our unmatched global scale, NYU leads among universities in sending students to study abroad and supports a thriving population of international students, faculty, and staff

Library Design Inspiration in London

After working on Bobst’s recent first-floor renovations, the director of user experience for NYU Libraries headed across the pond for further research on building functional, inclusive spaces. She chose NYU London as her home base because the city is renowned for its rich architecture and cultural and academic spaces, and because it has a host of sites that have been adapted for different uses. 

Learning Polyrhythm in Ghana

In the course “Grammy’s Afrobeats & Hiplife: African Contemporary Music,” NYU Accra students explore the history of African pop music, visit recording studios, and participate in drum sessions to learn the rhythms of the region. The class starts with traditional music before moving on to West African Highlife, and then Ghanaian and Nigerian Afro-Rock, Afro-Beat, and Afro-Funk. 

Tulsa’s Greenwood as a Case Study 

The NYU Tulsa course “Black Capitalism and the Struggle for Freedom in America” includes a section on the historic district one known as "Black Wall Street" that was destroyed by a white mob in 1921. Students visit the neighborhood's cultural sites and the Greenwood Rising history center. 

Envision Yourself Here

Discover life at NYU


Learn How to Apply
Request More Information
Come Visit

Campus Map
Events
Contact Us
Give
Copyright & Fair Use
Privacy
Accessibility
Feedback
CONNECT WITH NYU
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
ON THIS SITE
About NYU Admissions Academics University Life Research
MAIN CAMPUSES
New York
Abu Dhabi
Shanghai
New York University
Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces—physical and digital—programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy.
Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved.
Our websites use certain cookies that are essential for the functioning of the site, as well as cookies that are placed by the University or its partners to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. By clicking “Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. Cookie Notice
Continue