We use cookies on this site

We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our privacy policy.

Close
Skip to main content

The OAIC will be closed for the annual shutdown from 25 December 2025 with operations resuming on 2 January 2026.

We’re the independent national regulator for privacy and freedom of information.

We promote and uphold your rights to access government-held information and have your personal information protected.

Make a privacy complaint
Report a data breach
Apply for an Information Commissioner review
Social Media Minimum Age

From 10 December 2025, age-restricted social media platforms will have to take reasonable steps to prevent Australians under the age of 16 from creating or keeping an account on their platform.

Frequently asked questions about the privacy provisions of the Social Media Minimum Age scheme and helpful resources explaining what personal information may be handled by providers for age assurance purposes.

Learn more about Social Media Minimum Age 
Learn about ...
Privacy
Freedom of information
Consumer Data Right
Getting AI right benefits businesses, productivity and the community
What is a notifiable data breach?
Children’s Online Privacy Code (consultation for children and parents)
Privacy Foundations self-assessment tool
Statutory tort for serious invasions of privacy
Latest news
Australians eligible for Cambridge Analytica payment…
Eligible Australian Facebook users impacted by the Cambridge Analytica matter have until 31 December 2025 to register under…
Privacy
12 December 2025
Privacy compliance sweep to put privacy policies under the…
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Privacy
9 December 2025
Children and parents told the OAIC that online privacy…
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) has run an initial consultation with children, young people and…
Children's privacy
20 November 2025
Read more news
Latest blogs
GenAI tools in the workplace: balancing protection of…
The integration of Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) is transforming how businesses operate, but presents risks as…
Artificial intelligence
4 December 2025
Latest Notifiable Data Breach statistics for January to…
The latest Notifiable Data Breach Statistics highlight contemporary threats facing Australian’s privacy, including cyber…
Data breach
4 November 2025
Is there a place for facial recognition in Australian…
Privacy Commissioner Carly Kind writes about her recent determination on Kmart’s earlier use of facial recognition…
18 September 2025
View more blogs
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
  
Site map
Copyright
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Contact us
1300 363 992

Monday to Thursday 10 am to 4 pm (AEST/AEDT)

 Language
Please select…
العربية
繁體中文
ελληνικός
Italiano
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
ကညီကျိာ်
简体中文
ܐܵܬܘܿܪܵܝܵܐ
नेपाली
Filipino
هزارگی
Easy English

Follow us

Acknowledgement of Country

The OAIC acknowledges Traditional Custodians of Country across Australia and their continuing connection to land, waters and communities. We pay our respect to First Nations people, cultures and Elders past and present.

© Commonwealth of Australia