Oakland University Library eBill Map Moodle MySAIL OU Email Report Concerns Research ERN Search oakland.edu Academics Financial Aid Future Students Student Life Healthy Campus Faculty Alumni Giving Athletics Library eBill Map Moodle MySAIL OU Email Report Concerns Research ERN Academics Schools and Colleges Arts and Sciences Business Education and Human Services Engineering and Computer Science Health Sciences Medicine Nursing School of Music, Theatre and Dance More Ways to Learn Digital Badges Graduate School Young Honors College Interdisciplinary Studies Programs in Macomb County Online Learning Professional and Continuing Education Research Study Abroad The OU Pledge Academic Requirements Academic Catalog General Education Requirements View All Academics Financial Aid Tuition and Cost of Attendance Available Financial Aid Your Financial Aid Next Steps Student Account Information How to Pay/eBill Golden Guarantee OUWB Students Future Students Undergraduate Undergrad Admissions Information Undergrad Application Undergrad Programs Transfer to OU Graduate Grad Admissions Information Grad Application Grad Programs Discover OU About OU Housing Online Learning Student Services Tuition and Costs Veteran Services Visit Campus View All Future Student Resources Student Life Academic Support Bookstore Libraries GrizzText Online Student Services Research Academic Success Center Degree Planning Academic Advising Graduate School Important Dates Register for Classes Campus Life University Recreation and Well-Being Oakland Center Student Activities Campus Entertainment OU SMTD Performances Meadow Brook Theatre Meadow Brook Hall OU Art Gallery Graduation Graduate Undergraduate View All Student Services Healthy Campus Recreation University Recreation and Well-Being Golf and Learning Center Health and Safety Graham Health Center OU Counseling Center OU Police Department Faculty Office of the Provost Faculty and Staff Resources Banner Alumni Alumni Events Volunteer Opportunities Resources Giving Make My Gift Now Contact Giving List of Funds Corporate and Foundation Relations OUFD Athletics Oakland University Home Page Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. Be Golden Visit Campus Explore Programs Apply Now Tuition and Aid Your Oakland Journey Begins Here You Belong at OU. It’s that golden feeling of home when you are on campus. It’s pursuing your purpose and finding your people. With a close-knit campus feel, you don’t get lost in the shuffle. Housing and Dining Recreation and Wellness Campus Life Graduate Students Transfer Students How to Register Admitted Students Research That Matters Blaze your trail with research that matters. At Oakland, you can participate in research as early as your first year. Our students work alongside professors to advance human-computer interaction, discover medical therapies, develop new technologies and improve processes. Our research centers and institutes provide valuable resources and opportunities. Learn about OU’s research resources Explore the Arts at OU OU is a leading center of performing arts education, offering outstanding educational and performance opportunities. Join the Major for a Day program and immerse yourself in the arts. Spend a day attending real classes based on your degree interest, shadow current students, meet with our world-class faculty and explore campus. Join the Major for a Day program Beyond the Books Spark your curiosity and explore the world beyond the classroom. OU encourages students to explore career possibilities through hands-on learning and internships, with help from the Career and Life Design Center. Exploring early can help you identify your unique strengths, interests and values while gaining experience during your time at OU. Visit the Career and Life Design Center Over 250 Areas of Study Choose from over 250 degree programs to launch your career, or take your skills to the next level with undergraduate and graduate programs including certificates and endorsements. Let us open the doors to new experiences and collaborations that will shatter the mold and revolutionize your future. Schools & Colleges Arts and Sciences Business Education and Human Services Engineering and Computer Science Health Sciences Medicine Nursing School of Music, Theatre and Dance More Ways to Learn Graduate School Donna and Walt Young Honors College Interdisciplinary Studies Programs in Macomb County Research Study Abroad OU Online Learning Digital Badges Online Programs Online Courses More on Academics Academic Catalog General Education Requirements The OU Pledge View All Academics Golden Pride Ashlee's Story Ashlee's Story Ashlee always knew she wanted to help people. At Oakland University she not only was able to pursue that dream, but discovered a passion she was unaware she had. View Transcript My parents tell the story of when I was a little kid. I used to carry around a stethoscope and pretend to heal people. That's never changed. I've always wanted to work in healthcare. Today, I teach at a university and work in healthcare as a nurse practitioner. I love it. Back when I was looking to go to grad school, I wanted to find a place that felt like I could focus on my future. Oakland University was that place. At OU, I met Dr. Holka. She made me feel like I belong and sparked my interest in education, inspiring me to pursue it as a career. Now I'm the one inspiring others, sharing my experiences with students and preparing them to lead the next generation. My degree opened doors to advancing my career and making the difference in ways I could only have imagined before. My advice to grad students is to strike a balance between school, work, and your personal life. If you do that, the sky is the limit and even beyond. Be Golden Be Golden Experience our dynamic campus, where educational excellence, healthcare innovation, technology and career opportunities converge. View Transcript Gold. It’s first place. A beautiful sunrise. Prestige and admiration. A standing ovation. You think that’s all being golden is about? Take what you know, flip it. Think again. Being golden is about putting in the hard work. It’s a rallying cry to believe in yourself. It’s searching for answers where others aren't looking. Rising before the sun, and staying up long after it sets. Launching technology and stepping into a new world. It's about balance, and making time to experience life. It’s defying expectations and making people look twice. At Oakland University, our students power Michigan. They get internships and jobs locally and give back to their community. Our nurses care for you when you’re sick. Our engineers drive the motor city into the future. Our business leaders propel the economy. Our educators teach your children, and inspire the next generation. We’re moving forward, but remembering where we came from. We’re proud to be Golden Grizzlies. So never settle for less. Be the spark that ignites change. Be golden. ENERGIZE YOUR CAREER local internships and hands-on experiences EXPLORE NOW Events See all events Engineering and Computer Science Day Attend Engineering and Computer Science Day on January 24 to explore all the exciting academic and research opportunities in OU’s School of Engineering and Computer Science. You’ll also meet faculty and learn about financial aid and the admission process. Register today January 24, 9:00am - 2:00pm News See all news OU student leaders selected for Keeper of the Dream Scholarship Awards From the classroom to the stage: Why 'All Shook Up' is a unique professional opportunity for OU theatre students Remembering the Survivors: A New Exhibition Reflects on the Human Legacy of Hiroshima and Nagasaki OU earns individual, team honors at international Model UN conference Oakland University engineering students design holiday-shaped treats for rescued sea turtle at SEA LIFE Michigan CAS Dean Elaine Carey elected to board of directors for Higher Education Resource Services OU advising team members showcase innovative practices for working with undecided students OU professor recognized with ‘Best PR for Good’ award by PRSA Detroit President's Initiatives The 2025 State of the University highlights a year of momentum and impact. Through this address and accompanying report, we reflect on collective achievements, key initiatives, and the progress driving our institution forward. From advancing student success and research innovation to deepening community partnerships and campus transformation, we continue to build on a shared vision for the future. State of the University Mission Statement Oakland University cultivates the full potential of a diverse and inclusive community. As a public doctoral institution, we impact Michigan and the world through education, research, scholarship and creative activity. Vision Statement Oakland University will unlock the potential of individuals and leave a lasting impact on the world through the transformative power of education and research. LCME Accreditation Policies and Guidelines GDPR Policy Consumer Information ©2025 Oakland University William Beaumont School of Medicine ✎ Connect with Us Academics Undergraduate Programs OUWB School of Medicine Graduate Programs Info For Future Undergraduate Students Future Graduate Students Alumni Donors Quick Links Calendar Campus Directory Jobs at OU University Offices Campus Safety Information and Resources Legal Accessibility Statement GDPR Privacy Notice Policies and Regulations Consumer Information Be Golden Apply Now Campus Visit Request Info Budget and Transparency Reporting Oakland University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission, a regional accreditation agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education Oakland University All Rights Reserved ✎