___

Between December 19, 2025, and January 5, 2026, financing rates will remain the same. The values for December 18th will be used until January 5th. By freezing the financing rates, we’re aiming to protect you from potentially aggressive market movements over the holiday period.

If you have any questions, please get in touch with our customer service team.

Dismiss
close
Help
Account Support
New York Red Bulls
Oanda
Trading

Trading

Trade minor and major forex pairs, plus popular cryptos through our partner, Paxos.

Instruments

Forex

Cryptocurrencies

Spreads & margins

Calculating margin

Calculating profit & loss

Our pricing

Our charges

Financing fees

Hours of operation

Holiday trading hours

Trading FAQs

Platforms

Platforms

Choose between TradingView, MT4, or our award-winning web platform and mobile app.

OANDA Mobile for Forex

OANDA Paxos for Crypto

OANDA Web

MetaTrader 4

TradingView

Platform FAQs

Tools & Resources

Tools & Resources

Build a stronger trading strategy with our range powerful tools.

Advanced charts

MT4 premium upgrade

MT4 open order indicator

Technical analysis

Spreads calculator

Partner tools

VPS partners

Learn

Smart videos

Trade Tap blog

Tools FAQs

Account types

Account types

Discover the difference between our account types and the range of benefits, including institution-grade execution.

Elite Trader

Sub-account differences

Offers

Offers

Explore our offers and make the most of trading with us.

Elite Trader

TradingView plan

Log in
Start Trading
A broker you can trust

Over the past 25 years, we have built up a stellar reputation for our:

Award-winning platforms*
Innovative trading education
Transparent pricing
Create account
Demo account

*Please see OANDA's most up to date awards here.

Our latest wins

Trade with confidence when you trade with OANDA, an award-winning global broker.

Check out the full list of our awards here.

Everything you need to trade smarter

The world’s most popular forex pairs, powerful platform tools and margin rates from just 2% on EUR/USD.

Forex trading

We offer over 68 major and minor currency pairs.

See our markets
Powerful platform tools powered by TradingView

Over 100 popular technical indicators and the ability to analyze price trends, with chart time intervals starting from 5 seconds. You can also automate your trading strategies using our APIs.

See all trading tools
Competitive spreads and margins

Our margin rates start from just 2% on EUR/USD and 3% on AUD/USD.

See our spreads and margins
Trade smarter with our how-to videos

Explore our platforms, learn how to use our app and manage risk with our range of educational content.

How to trade on MetaTrader 4 with an OANDA account
How to trade directly on TradingView with your OANDA account
OANDA’s mobile app explained: Lot size calculators, trailing stops and setting alerts
OANDA mobile app: Exploring the advanced charting tools & indicators
OANDA’s mobile app: Powerful charting software on the go!
Explore OANDA’s Elite Trader program: Unlock lower trading costs
OANDA Hub explained: How to create & manage your trading accounts
OANDA Order book explained: How to track client orders & live positions!
How to trade on MetaTrader 4 with an OANDA account
How to trade directly on TradingView with your OANDA account
OANDA’s mobile app explained: Lot size calculators, trailing stops and setting alerts
OANDA mobile app: Exploring the advanced charting tools & indicators
OANDA’s mobile app: Powerful charting software on the go!
Explore OANDA’s Elite Trader program: Unlock lower trading costs
OANDA Hub explained: How to create & manage your trading accounts
OANDA Order book explained: How to track client orders & live positions!
How to trade on MetaTrader 4 with an OANDA account
How to trade directly on TradingView with your OANDA account
  
Unlock more opportunities with our Elite Trader program**

Get personalized access to premium trading tools, expert market analyst insights and more:

Volume-based rebates
Exclusive discounts on third-party platforms, such as TradingView
VIP content and events
A dedicated relationship manager
See if you qualify

**Subjected to meeting the criteria set out in the account package offering.

Fully automated forex trading platform, mobile and tablet apps

The OANDA platform can be accessed from your browser, mobile and tablet. You can also take a position through TradingView and MT4.

See trading
We have partnered with the New York Red Bulls in the US

We are the official jersey sleeve patch partner of the New York Red Bulls, one of the most inspiring clubs in Major League Soccer in the US.

arrow_upward
Footer
 United States
Trading
Instruments
Tools
Accounts
Hours of operation
Holiday trading hours
Products
Forex
Cryptocurrencies
Platforms
OANDA Mobile
OANDA Web
TradingView
MetaTrader 4
Resources
Help
Learn
Trade Tap blog
Webinars & events
About
OANDA Group
Awards
Become a partner
Careers
Legal documents
Security practices
Your Privacy Rights
Get started with the OANDA app
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play
Trade on TradingView

© 1996 - 2025 OANDA Corporation. All rights reserved. "OANDA", "fxTrade" and OANDA's "fx" family of trademarks are owned by OANDA Corporation. All other trademarks appearing on this website are the property of their respective owners.

Leveraged trading in foreign currency contracts or other off-exchange products on margin carries a high level of risk and may not be suitable for everyone. We advise you to carefully consider whether trading is appropriate for you in light of your personal circumstances. You may lose more than you invest. Information on this website is general in nature. We recommend that you seek independent financial advice and ensure you fully understand the risks involved before trading. Trading through an online platform carries additional risks. Refer to our legal section.

OANDA Corporation does not act in the capacity of your financial advisor or fiduciary and simply executes customer instructions. You are solely responsible for determining whether a particular transaction is suitable for you or meets your financial objectives. You should not regard any transaction proposal, suggested hedging strategies or other written materials or communications from OANDA Corporation as investment recommendations or advice.

OANDA Corporation forex customers can receive reports on trade execution. On request, OANDA will generate a Trade Execution Report of all the transactions OANDA executed, in the same currency pair, in the 15 minute windows before and after execution of the customer's transaction. The report will contain up to 15 transactions from each time period.

OANDA Corporation forex accounts are not protected by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SICP), nor do they receive a preference in any bankruptcy proceeding pursuant to Part 190 of the CFTC's regulations.

The CFTC has issued a customer advisory to inform the public of possible risks associated with investing or speculating in virtual currencies. Before investing, please review the "CFTC Customer Advisory: Understand the Risks of Virtual Currency Trading."

Trading in digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, is especially risky and is only for individuals with a high risk tolerance and the financial ability to sustain losses. OANDA Corporation is not party to any transactions in digital assets and does not custody digital assets on your behalf. All digital asset transactions occur on the Paxos Trust Company exchange. Any positions in digital assets are custodied solely with Paxos and held in an account in your name outside of OANDA Corporation. Digital assets held with Paxos are not protected by SIPC. Paxos is not an NFA member and is not subject to the NFA’s regulatory oversight and examinations.

OANDA CORPORATION IS A MEMBER OF NFA AND IS SUBJECT TO NFA'S REGULATORY OVERSIGHT AND EXAMINATIONS. HOWEVER, YOU SHOULD BE AWARE THAT NFA DOES NOT HAVE REGULATORY OVERSIGHT AUTHORITY OVER UNDERLYING OR SPOT VIRTUAL CURRENCY PRODUCTS OR TRANSACTIONS OR VIRTUAL CURRENCY EXCHANGES, CUSTODIANS OR MARKETS.

OANDA Corporation is a registered Futures Commission Merchant and Retail Foreign Exchange Dealer with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and is a member of the National Futures Association. No: 0325821. OANDA Corporation has its office at 17 State Street, Suite 300, New York, NY 10004-1501. More Information is available using the NFA Basic resource.

Cookie notice
We use cookies and similar technologies on this website, which helps us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website. This improves the browsing experience for you and enables us to tailor better products and services to you and others. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile device.
Accept All Cookies