OAPEN Home | OAPEN Main navigation Libraries Services for libraries OAPEN Library metadata Support OAPEN List of OAPEN supporters Publishers Services for publishers Join the OAPEN Library Uploading books and chapters to the OAPEN Library Peer review policies Book Analytics Service Researchers Annotation EU-Funded Researchers OA Books Toolkit Think. Check. Submit. Funders OAPEN funder services PALOMERA Knowledge Base DFG – German Research Foundation EU - European Union FWF - The Austrian Science Fund Knowledge Unlatched NWO - The Dutch Research Council ScholarLed SCOAP3 - The Sponsoring Consortium for Open Access Publishing in Particle Physics SNSF - Swiss National Science Fund UKRI - UK Research and Innovation Wellcome News Blog Forthcoming event attendance About About us OAPEN Strategic Plan 2025 – 2028 Team Annual reports Projects Ambassador Programme Partnerships POSI self-audit Privacy statement Accessibility Newsletter OAPEN A world of scholarly books: Open to all, built to last. OAPEN connects libraries , publishers , researchers ,
        and funders with a global infrastructure for peer-reviewed open access books to advance research and the public good. Learn about how we support our community. Our approach → New from the OAPEN Library Searching for something specific? Find open access books by keyword Search Browse Subject Publisher Collections Language Our collection, in numbers These numbers reflect the collective global ambition to realise a fully open access (OA) books future. Monthly downloads 1.5 million+ Open access books 40,000+ Participating publishers 450+ Languages represented 80+ The latest from OAPEN See all news → Spotlight Forthcoming event attendance Come meet us in person at these conferences. This is a rolling list and as new conferences and events are added older ones will be removed, so make sure to check back regularly! Read more → Spotlight Introducing OAPEN’s new visual identity The Hague, 1 October 2025 We’re thrilled to share an exciting new update for OAPEN. Today, we unveil our refreshed visual identity – including a new logo – that better reflects who we’ve become, what we... Read more → Spotlight Launch of OPERAS-NL: collaboration between OAPEN and KNAW Humanities Cluster (HuC) Press Release: The Hague / Amsterdam, 17 November 2025 The OAPEN Foundation (OAPEN) and the KNAW Humanities Cluster are collaborating... Read more → Blog post Protecting Stability and Access: How We’re Safeguarding the OAPEN Library and DOAB Against Bot Traffic Surges We want to share an important update regarding the temporary access issues that some of our community may have recently experienced on our platforms. We are fully aware of the problem and are working tirelessly to resolve... Read more → Blog post Blog Post: Introducing Our New Head of Technology, Anna Wałek We are thrilled to announce that Dr. Anna Wałek has joined the OAPEN Foundation as our new Head of Technology. Anna brings a unique and powerful combination of strategic vision, deep expertise in open science infrastructure,... Read more → Bluesky Feed Find us on Bluesky → OAPEN presents the OA Books Toolkit For authors The Toolkit offers clear guidance on open access (OA) book publishing for researchers and authors, and supports policy makers in shaping effective OA policies for books. Go to the Toolkit → Our funders’ collections DFG – German Research Foundation EU - European Union FWF - The Austrian Science Fund Knowledge Unlatched NWO - The Dutch Research Council ScholarLed SCOAP3 - The Sponsoring Consortium for Open Access Publishing in Particle Physics SNSF - Swiss National Science Fund UKRI - UK Research and Innovation Wellcome Stay up to date Sign up for our newsletter Sign up View newsletter archive 0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1 OAPEN – Publishing in European Networks Websites doabooks.org oabooks-toolkit.org Policies Privacy Accessibility Explore Libraries Publishers Researchers Funders News About Donate Scan this QR code to support the OAPEN Library and DOAB Donate Funding European Union OAPEN received funding from the EU’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (grants 683680, 810640, 871069, 964352). Licence Unless noted otherwise, all content is available under CC BY 4.0 . Address OAPEN Foundation Prins Willem-Alexanderhof 5 2595 BE The Hague Netherlands Managing Director: Niels Stern Website by Trilobiet & @sssoz Sign up to the OAPEN newsletter Subscribe to receive news and updates by email. Email Address * First Name Last Name Affiliation Role Researcher Librarian Research Support Publisher Funder Service Provider Other Subscribe