Home | Outdooractive Skip to content Map Route Finder Route Planner Travel Guide Community Sign up or log in Search Map Route Finder Route Planner Travel Guide Community Sign up Places & Accommodation Places to visit Eat & drink Huts Accommodation Ski resorts Crags News & Conditions Current Conditions Weather Webcams Avalanche Report Events Inspiration Collections Offers Travel Stories Publications Community Challenges Groups Settings Help-Center Terms and conditions Privacy policy Legal Disclosure Explore the great outdoors with confidence Discover amazing outdoor experiences, reliable route suggestions and the best maps worldwide — as recommended by thousands of mountain guides, trail wardens and other industry pros. Start with your favorite activity Hiking Hiking Hiking Trail Long-Distance Hiking Pilgrim Walk Nature Trail City Walk Cycling Cycling Bike Riding Mountain Biking Road Cycling Bikepacking Gravel Bike Running Running Running Trail Running Mountaineering Mountaineering Mountain Hike Via Ferrata Alpine Route Alpine Climbing Winter Sports Winter Sports Winter Hiking Snowshoeing Ski Touring Sledding Cross-Country Skiing Backcountry Skiing Ice Climbing Water Sports Water Sports Canyoning Canoeing Kayaking Swimming SUP Boat Trip Equestrian Activities Equestrian Activities Horse Carriage Ride Horse Riding Horse-Drawn Sleigh Ride Motorized Routes Motorized Routes Scenic Route Caravan Motorcycle route Offroad Hiking Cycling Running Mountaineering Winter Sports Water Sports Equestrian Activities Motorized Routes Travel Guide Explore the world Discover amazing experiences in the world's most exciting outdoor destinations. Go to the Travel Guide Routes, places to visit, and accommodation We have everything you need for your next adventure: bike rides hikes runs mountain biking trails alpine climbing routes ski tours places to visit mountain hikes gravel bike routes trail runs cross-country ski trails Accommodation horse rides bike rides From our partners in the outdoor industry The best gear, expert reviews and info on events Find the best gear for your next adventure, read insightful gear reviews from industry experts, and stay updated on upcoming events in the industry. Exclusive to Pro and Pro+ members As a Pro and Pro+ member not only do you have access to additional features and the best maps at your disposal, but you can also benefit from exclusive offers from our partners, ensuring you are always fully equipped for the outdoors! Explore all benefits and discounts Features Explore with confidence Download the Outdooractive app for free to confidently plan and navigate every outdoor adventure. See all features Explore responsibly by easily understanding rules and regulations Understand what you need to be aware of before you enter any protected areas, such as trail rights, access restrictions and official guidance — and understand how you can help protect the places you explore. Understand snow depth by glancing at the map See precisely how deep snow is with our easy-to-understand snow-depth layer, and factor this into your plans. ADFC-BVA cycling maps, Alpine Club maps, as well as maps from KOMPASS & HARVEY, freytag & berndt, and SHOCart Get access to specialized maps such as the official Alpine Club maps from the DAV and ÖAV, the ADFC-BVA cycling maps in Germany, or the freytag & berndt maps in Austria. Explore Slovakia and the Czech Republic with SHOCart. Use KOMPASS maps for the entire DACH region as well as parts of Italy, Sardinia, Corsica, the Balearic Islands, and the Canary Islands. Discover numerous mountain regions across Great Britain with highly detailed HARVEY maps. See the peaks and places around you with Skyline Scan your surroundings to understand what's around you with Skyline. See peaks and places and directions ahead in augmented reality! Plan and print routes for over 30 outdoor activities Can't find your perfect route? Plan your own in just a few taps in the route planner — and easily print it all before you go so you've always got a back-up to hand. Enjoy turn-by-turn speech navigation that will always keep you on track Get routed around every turn and every twist — no matter how small the trail. Just listen up to know where to go, and to explore in confidence without ever taking your eyes off your surroundings. Access the Outdooractive map 30 years in the making, the Outdooractive map is the most reliable source of outdoor information out there. Collating information from a host of official sources, such as regional tourism authorities and local government agencies, the map shows you up-to-date trails and route networks, gives you access to Points of Interest information, and allows you to plan even better routes. Connect with official organizations and other community members Connect with your favourite organizations by following them on Outdooractive. Keep an eye on the routes and activities they publish, and ask them a question directly when you need some help with your own plans. Discover the world's best and most reliable travel guide for outdoor and adventure tourism Find the location of your next big adventure with our travel guide, and quickly find the best routes, adventures and activites region by region. Premium Routes from our partners Discover content that you can trust, from our Pro Alliance partners: Browse the highest-quality route suggestions and travel information from some of the world's most renowned publishers. Enjoy exclusive discounts of up to 30% with our partners Get kitted out for the cold season and save up to 30% at brands such as Garmin, DFDS, AKU, Helly Hansen, Supernatural and more... Discover the mountains and valleys of the world in 3D Discover nature like never before with our 3D mode for the interactive map - perfectly optimized for all your outdoor adventures. Immerse yourself in vivid landscapes and explore your favorite routes in stunning detail! Access the best official topo maps See official topo maps in dozens of countries, including Swisstopo maps in Switzerland, OS maps in the United Kingdom and Ireland, IGN maps in France, USGS maps in the US, NRCan maps in Canada, BEV maps in Austria, BKG maps in Germany and more. Accurate weather forecasts & meteorological info From expected rain and snowfall to accurate representations of cloud cover — Outdooractive's specialist weather features allow you to see all need-to-know weather information before you head out the door. Save maps and routes offline Save routes and regions offline ahead of time to explore safe in the knowledge that you'll always have access to your maps and navigation features (or when exploring in Flight Mode to save battery). Sync your activities with Garmin, Strava, Suunto & more Instantly upload completed hikes, rides, and runs to your Outdooractive profile. Connect with Garmin, Strava, Wahoo, Fitbit, adidas Running and Polar. Share your live location with BuddyBeacon Give yourself and your loved ones peace of mind with BuddyBeacon: Simply share your live location whenever you head outdoors with the people that matter to you most, so they know you're safe on the trail and can quickly respond if you hit a snag out there. Download GPX files Download GPX files of your planned routes at the click of a button: Simply upload the file to your GPS device of choice and explore your way. Compile collections to organize routes and destinations Be it routes you're looking forward to experiencing or an adventure you don't want to forget: Sort your content into collections on your profile so your favorite adventures are easier to find. Values Our Guiding Values Our mission is to be the enabler for meaningful outdoor experiences through technology that guides, connects and protects. Learn more Trust Our passion for the mountains has led to an unwavering knowledge of safety and navigation across all types of terrain. This is our backyard and we are eager to guide you through it. Pioneering Spirit We break trail. We are willing to take risks and are ambitious to do things first – to innovate for the outdoor experience, forging new paths with groundbreaking ideas. Reliability There for you when you need it. We work tirelessly to source, collect and craft the highest quality, most accurate tools that ensure safety and clarity on any path. Celebrate Local Maintain the local way. Countless local communities have developed their own special ways to navigate and preserve their land. Appreciating and respecting these local flavours create authentic experiences and encourage a spirit of generosity. Positive Impact Outdoor impact. As we walk, ride and climb, we make sure the footprints we leave allow growth and enjoyment for all. And as we move forward, we invite all to come along and protect this space for generations to come. Join our community! Outdooractive delivers everything you need to safely enjoy better outdoor experiences, from approved routes recommended by the likes of trail wardens, mountain guides and other outdoor professionals, to the most robust mapping and navigation tools. Sign up now We are the only company in the world building a full SaaS solution aimed at uniting the tourism industry while delivering information and inspiration to the visitor. From data management and marketing to web and app technology, our products have but one goal: to provide you with the means to give your guests and customers the best possible experience. Discover the 'Alliance of the Officials' Our services Features Subscriptions Pro for Search & Rescue Discounts and Benefits from Partners Vouchers B2B More services Help Center Blog (German only) Newsletter Affiliate Program Contact Us Corporate Discover Outdooractive Outdooractive30 Careers Outdooractive Business Learn more about the apps for Android and iOS Choose a language English Deutsch italiano français español עברית 中文 română português (Portugal) português (Brasil) čeština suomi русский magyar norsk bokmål slovenčina Nederlands 日本語 українська हिन्दी Türkçe Ελληνικά Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cancellation policy Customer information Terms of payment Map information Legal Disclosure Accessibility