Observable | The modern data visualization platform | Observable Platform Resources Pricing Sign in Get started The modern data visualization platform Discover the all-in-one platform for data analysis, visualization, and cross-functional collaboration. Get a demo Get started One platform purpose-built for visualizing data and insights Open-source The open ecosystem for building, sharing, and advancing data visualization Notebooks Code-centric visualization tool for developers Canvases AI-powered collaborative whiteboard for data teams and stakeholders Ship advanced charts in fewer clicks Our new collaborative canvas gives data analysts fluid, flexible, and visual tools that make data exploration faster and easier. Learn more about Observable Canvases Turn data into insights Create consensus and drive insight discovery through interactive, easy-to-build dashboards and embeds that stakeholders will love. Learn more Find your community Observable Notebooks are the leading place for developers to prototype visualizations, test new ideas, build from community examples, and share their work. Learn more about Observable Notebooks FEATURES Build with AI Explore, analyze, and create charts with inspectable AI. Interact with data Brush and filter during data exploration. Connect to your database Supports Snowflake, DuckDB, Postgres, and Databricks. Share Embed into a host app, send a URL, or export to PNG. Community hub Events Storytelling with graphics: From raw data to reader impact Watch now Tue Nov 11 Blending creativity & analysis in data visualization Register now Connect with us Join Slack Join forum New in Notebooks Newsletter signup Send Videos Art + science: Blending creativity and analysis in data visualization Watch now Data viz fact Treemaps were created in 1990 as a way to show who was using how much space on a shared 80MB hard disk by subdividing space to reflect the relative sizes of files and directories. Learn more Spotlight Making science visible Dr. Philip Bogden walks through his process of bringing data visualization to cancer research. Read the interview Observable opened up a new realm of possibilities for what we could do and offer. We created dynamic, interactive experiences that let users visualize and use climate change data in ways that we couldn’t easily support before. Kaitlyn Trudeau Senior Research Associate at Climate Central See their work AI is critical during all aspects of the discovery process from designing the right graph to tweaking the graph that you need, to getting the right insights for what the user needs. Gabriel Coch Founder, Agropatterns See their work It's been such an eye opening and exciting process because we're often quite used to spreadsheeting for internal purposes and manually visualizing data. But canvases really help us optimize our analysis and visualization process and saves us time. Clarence Kitt Senior Service Designer, InWithForward Get started today. Get started Request a demo Platform Observable Canvases Observable Notebooks Pricing Docs Observable Observable Framework Observable Plot D3 Release notes Resources Blog Webinars Videos Customer stories Community Slack Forum Company About Careers Contact us Newsletter signup GitHub GitHub LinkedIn Bluesky YouTube X Platform Observable Canvases Observable Notebooks Pricing Docs Observable Observable Framework Observable Plot D3 Release notes Resources Blog Webinars Videos Customer stories Community Slack Forum Company About Careers Contact us Newsletter signup GitHub GitHub LinkedIn Bluesky YouTube X © 2025 Observable, Inc. Privacy Security Terms of Service Vulnerability Disclosure