AI-powered Observability Engineered for Scale - Observe Platform Overview Log Management Application Performance Monitoring Infrastructure Monitoring Why Observe? Observe vs. Splunk Observe vs. ELK Stack AI AI SRE o11y.ai LLM Observability Pricing Customers Learn Blog Resources About Us News Careers Docs Free Trial book a demo Try Free Get a Demo Book a Demo For information about how Observe handles your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy . Observability Engineered for Scale Introducing AI SRE for 10x faster troubleshooting Get a Demo Try Free Scale without compromise Observe is a modern observability platform with AI SRE, built on a knowledge graph and data lake, for faster search and correlation at lower cost. Learn ABOUT AI SRE Faster troubleshooting at scale with AI SRE Correlate signals using natural language. Investigate issues faster with an AI SRE that surfaces root causes and suggests actionable fixes. Unleash performance at scale with the O11y Knowledge Graph™ Logs, metrics, and traces are structured using semantic relationships, incremental views, and token indexes so you can search faster and correlate instantly. LEARN ABOUT O11Y Knowledge GRAPH™ Learn ABOUT O11Y DATA LAKE™ Scale efficiently with an open data lake Cut observability costs by up to 60% while maximizing reuse. Store telemetry in open formats with 10x compression on low-cost cloud storage. WHY OBSERVE? Trusted By The modern observability stack Real-Time Ingest Pipeline Real-time ingest pipeline to filter and enrich all the signals you need. OpenTelemetry data collection to avoid vendor lock-in. Open Data Lake Scalable data lake with elastic compute for more data at lower cost. Store telemetry in Iceberg tables for reuse. O11y Knowledge Graph Structures logs, metrics, and trace as entities with semantic relationships. Incremental views and token indexes for performance. Explorers and O11y AI SRE Log, Metric, Service, Kubernetes, and LLM Explorers. AI SRE for smarter troubleshooting on complex investigations. Delivered as fully managed SaaS. I 💚 scale Scalable observability starts here Observe combines the O11y Knowledge Graph and O11y AI into one integrated system on top of a streaming data lake. Built to handle more data, more users, and more complexity without bottlenecks. See All Features One powerful platform Drill and pivot across signals for observability without silos Log Management and Analytics Search and analyze all the logs you need at a fraction of the cost. All your log data, always hot. Application Performance Monitoring Capture every user request to your services without sampling or data loss. Navigate from service-level issues to root cause traces in seconds. Infrastructure Monitoring Capture metrics across cloud, Kubernetes, or from 400+ pre-built integrations. Visualize your entire stack in real time. LLM Observability Gain visibility into AI applications and agentic workflows. Monitor AI infrastructure and token usage to improve performance and costs. TRY FREE Cut costs without compromise Observe helps you resolve incidents faster, boost engineering efficiency, and scale with a dramatically lower TCO. Get A DEMO 3x faster MTTR Boost engineering productivity ⅓ the cost Scale without breaking the bank Case Studies See what our customers have to say. Better Observability for a Fraction of the Cost Seeing through the Cloud Simple, Clear, Easy, Friendly Observability See All case studies Product Pricing Why Observe? Observe vs. Splunk Observe vs. ELK Stack Customer Stories Resources Blog Docs Trust Center About Us News Careers Get a Demo Subscribe to our Newsletter By submitting this form, you acknowledge our Privacy Policy . Contact us 520 S El Camino Real # 400 San Mateo, CA 94402 hello@observeinc.com © 2025 Observe, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy