Welcome to a World of OCaml Search OCaml packages Standard Library API Learn Tools Packages Community News Play Get Started Search OCaml packages Learn Tools Packages Community News Play Standard Library API Get started OCaml An industrial-strength functional programming language
          with an emphasis on expressiveness and safety Install About OCaml Latest release: 5.4.0 Long Term Support release: 4.14.2 # let square x = x * x val square : int -> int = < fun > # square 3 - : int = 9 # let rec factorial x = if x <= 1 then 1 else x * factorial (x - 1) val factorial : int -> int = < fun > # factorial 5 - : int = 120 # square 120 - : int = 14400 Try the Playground The OCaml Compiler has been recognised by SIGPLAN for their prestigious Programming Languages Software Award Fourteen core OCaml developers are featured for their
          significant contributions to the project Read more Trusted by Industry Leaders These companies and organisations rely on OCaml every day — along with thousands of other developers. See Success Stories Why OCaml? RELIABILITY Powerful Type Safety Made Simple OCaml’s lightweight but highly expressive type system catches more bugs at compile time while garbage collection allows you to focus on application logic instead of memory management.
              Large, complex codebases become easy to maintain and refactor.
              OCaml empowers you to create mission-critical software with
              highest security- and safety-requirements in environments with
              ever-changing requirements! PRODUCTIVITY First-Class Editor and Tooling OCaml comes with deep integrations for VS Code, Vim or Emacs to provide type inspection, autocomplete and more.
              Between Opam, a popular package manager; Utop, a powerful interactive REPL; and odoc ,
              an easy-to-use documentation generator, OCaml programmers have access to a complete, modern developer experience. PERFORMANCE Fast Compiler and Applications OCaml offers great runtime performance without compromising on developer experience:
              The bytecode compiler generates small, highly portable executables blazingly fast;
              the native code compiler produces highly-efficient machine code. Despite this focus
              on performance, the OCaml compiler has always been exceptionally reliable and stable Exceptionally Robust and Reliable Despite all this testing, we have never had a single XenServer defect reported from
        internal testing or from the field that can be traced back to a bug in the
        OCaml runtime or compiler. (During development we did once find a minor compiler bug,
        triggered when compiling auto-generated OCaml code with many function arguments,
        but this was already fixed in the development branch by the time we reported it
        and so no interaction with the maintainers at INRIA was required.) -- Scott, D. & Sharp, R. & Gazagnaire, T. & Madhavapeddy, A. (2010). Using Functional Programming within an Industrial Product Group: Perspectives and Perceptions. ACM SIGPLAN Notices. 45. 87-92. 10.1145/1863543.1863557. Releases Recent Releases 5.4.0 (2025-10-09) Labelled tuples Immutable arrays Array literal syntax support for immutable arrays and floatarray s Atomic record fields Four new standard library modules: Pair, Pqueue, Repr, and Iarray Restored "memory cleanup upon exit" mode New section in the manual on native code profiling on Linux and macOS Many runtime improvements More than thirty new standard library functions Nearly a dozen improved error messages Improved support for Merlin's renaming feature. Around fifty bug fixes 5.3.0 (2025-01-08) Syntax for deep effect handlers Restored MSVC port Re-introduced statistical memory profiling More space-efficient implementation of Dynarray utf-8 encoded Unicode source files and modest support of Unicode identifiers Improved metadata on the pairs of declarations and definitions for merlin. Around 20 new functions in the standard library Many fixes and improvements in the runtime Improved error messages for first-class modules, functors, labeled arguments,
type clashes. Numerous bug fixes See All Releases Changelog Releases & Updates Compiler and Platform Tools opam 2.5.0~beta1 10 Nov 2025 _Feedback on this post is welcomed on [Discuss](https://discuss.ocaml.org/t/ann-opam-2-5-0-beta1/17... See full changelog Release of OCaml 5.4.0 09 Oct 2025 We have the pleasure of celebrating the birthdays of Camille Saint-Saëns and
Karl Schwarzschild by... See full changelog OCaml.org: Introducing Backstage OCaml - Separate Feeds for Stable and Experimental Features 08 Oct 2025 You can [comment on this announcement on the OCaml Discuss forums](https://discuss.ocaml.org/t/ocam... See full changelog See Full Changelog Users of OCaml OCaml is used by thousands of developers, companies, research labs, teachers, and more. Learn how it fits your use case. For Educators With its mathematical roots, OCaml has always had strong ties to academia.
            It is taught in universities around the world, and has accrued an ever-growing body of research.
            Learn more about the academic rigor that defines the culture of OCaml. Learn more For Industrial Users OCaml's powerful compile-time guarantees and high performance empower
            companies to provide reliable and speedy services and products.
            Learn more about how OCaml is used in the industry: explore success stories and discover companies that use OCaml. Learn more Curated Resources Get up to speed quickly to enjoy the benefits of the OCaml programming language across your projects. Getting Started Install OCaml, set up your favorite text editor and start your first project. Language Manual Read the reference manual of the language and documentation on the compiler. Books Discover OCaml books from expert programmers and researchers - from beginner level to advanced topics. Standard Library Searchable API documentation. Exercises Learn OCaml by solving problems on a variety of topics, from easy to challenging. Papers Explore papers that have influenced OCaml and other functional programming languages. OCaml Packages Explore thousands of open-source OCaml packages with their
            documentation. Explore packages Footer Light Dark System Innovation. Community. Security. GitHub Discord Twitter Peertube RSS Light Dark System About OCaml Changelog Releases Industrial Users Academic Users Why OCaml Resources Install OCaml Get Started Platform Tools Language Manual Standard Library API Books Exercises Papers OCaml Playground Logo Ecosystem Packages Community Events OCaml Planet Jobs Policies Security Carbon Footprint Governance Privacy Code of Conduct