Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project | OCCRP Our Projects Our Reporting All Investigations All Scoops All Features All News About Us About OCCRP Our Team Our Global Network Board of Directors Support Us Annual Reports Awards Become an OCCRP Accomplice Global Anti-Corruption Consortium Impact Work with Us Corrections Policy FAQ on OCCRP’s Funding and Editorial Policies Resources for Journalists OCCRP ID – Research Desk OCCRP Aleph – Data Platform Donate en ru OCCRP Under Attack Bad Practice Scam Empire Ukraine Russia Middle East Latin America Dec 29, 2025 From Kitchenware to Drone War: A Belarusian Factory Fuels Russian Attacks on Ukraine A Belarusian company known for manufacturing household items has been importing Chinese-made drones and sending them on to Russia, which deploys them in its war against Ukraine. News German Prosecutors to Drop Probe of Russian Oligarch Alisher Usmanov News Dec 30, 2025 IStories Founder Roman Anin Loses Russian Citizenship After Exposing Bucha Killings News Dec 23, 2025 Press Freedom Group Urges Release of Tunisian Journalists Jailed Under Controversial Decree 54 News Dec 23, 2025 Georgia Detains Ex-Security Chief Over Alleged Bribes Tied to Global Scam Call Centers News Dec 23, 2025 See all our news Investigation Dec 22, 2025 Foreign Workers, Local Sponsors: Inside Palau's Hotel Scam Centers A trove of documents unveils the inner workings of two apparent scam centers in the tiny Pacific island nation of Palau.... Scoop Dec 19, 2025 Multiple Identities Reveal Ties Between Chinese Businessman and Alleged Cambodian ‘Criminal’ Conglomerate The U.S. sanctioned “Chen Xiao’er” for his partnership in one firm with the head of a Cambodian corporate group that... Scam Empire Investigation Dec 18, 2025 These 81 Investment Platforms Were Part of a Scam Network. Here’s What We Learned About Them. They looked like different brokers competing for your investment. Underneath, they shared the same staff, the same... Scoop Dec 18, 2025 European Authorities Aren’t Opening Alerts About Banned Doctors, Data Shows A recent investigation revealed how doctors who have been banned in one country can keep practicing in another.... NarcoFiles: The New Criminal Order Investigation Dec 17, 2025 Trail of Drug-Linked Planes Leads Back to California Seller – and U.S. Aviation Regulatory ‘Blind Spot’ OCCRP reviewed the sales of 30 planes by Lance Zane Ricotta’s companies since 2014, and found evidence that 11 of them were... Scoop Dec 15, 2025 US Aid to Fiji at Risk Over Impunity for Doomsday Cult OCCRP has confirmed that US aid to Fiji is at risk unless the government takes urgent action against the Grace Road Group, a... Scoop Dec 15, 2025 Paraguay Banks Pledging Sustainability Financed Companies Owned By Businessman With Record of Environmental Crime Loan documents show two Paraguayan banks loaned tens of millions of dollars to firms owned by Ulisses Rodrigues Teixeira, a... Scoop Dec 5, 2025 Damascus Dossier: Syrian Telecoms Operator Helped Assad Regime Spy on Citizens Documents recovered after the fall of former Syrian dictator Bashar Al Assad show how Syriatel shared client phone data with... See all our investigations News German Prosecutors to Drop Probe of Russian Oligarch Alisher Usmanov News Dec 30, 2025 IStories Founder Roman Anin Loses Russian Citizenship After Exposing Bucha Killings News Dec 23, 2025 Press Freedom Group Urges Release of Tunisian Journalists Jailed Under Controversial Decree 54 News Dec 23, 2025 Georgia Detains Ex-Security Chief Over Alleged Bribes Tied to Global Scam Call Centers News Dec 23, 2025 See all our news Features Feature Dec 19, 2025 Dispatch No Safe Harbor: Venezuelan Fishing Towns At the Mercy of Trump and Maduro In Venezuela’s downtrodden fishing towns, locals are squeezed between a growing U.S. military presence off the coast and... Feature Dec 11, 2025 Inside Italy’s Fight to Break the Mafia’s Grip on Families Italian lawmakers are seeking to expand a program that helps mothers and children break away from organized crime families... Feature Dec 5, 2025 Meet the South Pacific Ponzi King With a Bogus Bank — and a Global Fan Club Fugitive Ponzi schemer Noah Musingku reigns over an armed “cargo cult” deep in the interior of one of the world’s most... See all our features Project Dear Compatriots Under the banner of legal aid for fellow Russians in trouble abroad, a state-backed foundation in the center of Moscow has for years advanced the Kremlin’s agenda across the world. Explore this project Impact following our reporting: Countries Launch Probe into Beneficiaries of a Russian Propaganda Foundation News Jun 10, 2025 Australia Sanctions Pravfond for Backing Pro-Russia Influence Abroad News Jun 30, 2025 Dear Compatriots May 21, 2025 Russian State-Backed Foundation Paid Allies in the EU Despite Sanctions Pravfond, a Russian legal-aid foundation for “compatriots” abroad, has continued to fund people and organizations across the... Dear Compatriots May 21, 2025 Russian Foundation, Aimed at Helping ‘Compatriots’ Abroad, Supports Spies, Criminals, and Propagandists For over a decade, ‘Pravfond’ has been providing legal aid to Russians across the world. Internal emails obtained by... Get accurate, quality reporting on crime and corruption. Right in your inbox. Every week. OCCRP's newsletter will keep you up to date on the latest news and on all of our investigations. We will never sell your data, and you can unsubscribe at any time. Submit Submit By submitting your email address you agree to OCCRP’s Privacy Policy Project Scam Empire An unprecedented leak of nearly two terabytes of data from two major scam operations — thousands of hours of phone calls, screen recordings, spreadsheets, and other files —  enabled journalists to enter the world of scammers and even to watch them at work. Explore this project Impact following our reporting: Exposed Tbilisi Call Center Scammers Delete Social Media Accounts News Mar 5, 2025 Georgia Launches Criminal Probe Into Scam Call Center Exposed by Journalists News Mar 7, 2025 From Rumors to Ugly Reality: Georgians Stunned by Scam Call Center’s Cruelty News Mar 14, 2025 Georgia Freezes Assets of Top Scammers in Massive Call Center Fraud News Mar 13, 2025 Scam Empire Dec 18, 2025 These 81 Investment Platforms Were Part of a Scam Network. Here’s What We Learned About Them. They looked like different brokers competing for your investment. Underneath, they shared the same staff, the same... Scam Empire Apr 25, 2025 Despite Criminal Probe, Georgian Call-Center Scammers Are Back At Work Last month, more than 30 media outlets reported on a global scam operation based in Tbilisi, prompting Georgian authorities... Scam Empire Mar 20, 2025 Huge Ecosystem of Unregulated Payment Providers Helps Scammers Collect Victims’ Money Leaked documents reveal how scam call centers drew on a secret industry of service providers that used shell companies,... Have information that could expose wrong-doing? Want to blow the whistle on corruption? We need you - and we're committed to keeping you safe. Blow the whistle Region Georgia Explore this region Created by potrace 1.10, written by Peter Selinger 2001-2011 Jul 25, 2025 Behind the Scam: How Fraudsters Use Social Media, Software, and Shell Companies to Steal Millions Professional scammers call upon a global network of service providers to execute their work in a sophisticated, streamlined... Scam Empire Mar 20, 2025 Huge Ecosystem of Unregulated Payment Providers Helps Scammers Collect Victims’ Money Leaked documents reveal how scam call centers drew on a secret industry of service providers that used shell companies,... Scam Empire Mar 7, 2025 Scam Operations Relied on Third-Party Marketing Companies for Steady Stream of Potential Victims Two professional scam call-center operations depended on affiliate marketing firms to supply them with contact details of... Scam Empire Mar 5, 2025 Diamonds, Dior and Dubai Vacations: The Luxurious Lives of Georgia's Call-Center Scammers They called themselves “skameri.” In behind-the-scenes chats, they celebrated bilking victims out of their life savings and... Scam Empire Mar 5, 2025 Everything You Need to Know About 'Scam Empire' How many scam operations did reporters reveal? Who leaked the data? What's the evidence these are scams and not legitimate... Scam Empire Mar 5, 2025 Scam Empire: Inside A Merciless International Investment Scam An unprecedented leak exposes the inner workings of a global investment-scam industry, where ruthless call center agents... prev next Georgia
        
        News Georgia Detains Ex-Security Chief Over Alleged Bribes Tied to Global Scam Call Centers News Dec 23, 2025 Georgia Opens Inquiry Into BBC Report, Sources Under Scrutiny News Dec 1, 2025 Georgian Prosecutors Link Bridge Collapse to Corruption and Falsified Records News Nov 12, 2025 Suspected German Scammer Arrested in Georgia on Extradition Order News Nov 4, 2025 See all news about Georgia Our Projects See all our projects Bad Practice Dear Compatriots Scam Empire The Steward Files OCCRP Provides Resources and Help for Journalists and Other Researchers OCCRP ID Are you a journalist or partner of OCCRP researching a subject around organized crime or corruption? OCCRP's ID Research Desk can help you on your project! Find out more OCCRP Aleph Search datasets, documents and uncover wrong-doing. Discover how to use OCCRP Aleph. Find out more Get quality reporting directly into your inbox, every week Subscribe to our newsletter: Submit Submit By submitting your email address you agree to OCCRP’s Privacy Policy OCCRP Contact Us Work with Us Annual Reports Awards Supporters Board of Directors Tools OCCRP Aleph OCCRP ID Our Work Investigations Scoops News Features Projects © OCCRP Privacy Policy ANBI Responsible Disclosure Contact Us Donate en ru Donate Sections Organized Crime Corruption Power and Influence Money Laundering Environment Sanctions Enablers Freedom and Repression Regions Africa North America Asia Latin America Europe Pacific Middle East Tools Search datasets and documents and uncover wrongdoing. Are you a journalist or partner of OCCRP researching a subject around organized crime or corruption? OCCRP’s ID can help. Learn More About Us Support Us Our Impact Work with Us Announcements Contact Us OCCRP in Focus Our Archive in Russian Donate en ru Sign Up Get accurate, quality reporting on crime and corruption. Right in your inbox. Every week. Submit Submit By submitting your email address you agree to OCCRP’s Privacy Policy