Homepage - Ocean Conservancy Homepage - Ocean Conservancy MENU Give Take Action Subscribe Our Story History Ocean Wins Financials Our People People & Culture Career Opportunities Leadership & Board Our Work Biodiversity Arctic Fisheries Florida Ghost Gear Biodiversity Deep Dive Climate Clean Ocean Energy Decarbonizing Shipping Climate Deep Dive Plastics Cleanups & ICC Plastics Policy Plastics Deep Dive Ocean Wins Give & Support Donate Now Take Action Ways to Give Corporate Support Protect Where We Play Newsroom Press Releases Blogs Media Fact Sheets Wildlife Library Give Take Action Subscribe Search for: Your browser does not support the video tag. A healthy ocean and a thriving planet, forever and for everyone. Donate We couldn’t do our work without you. Your browser does not support the video tag. 53 Years of impact 400 Million pounds of plastic and other trash removed 19 Million volunteers working together Spotlight Double Your Impact Your gift can go 2X further for the ocean. Donate before midnight on December 31 to have your contribution matched dollar-for-dollar. Give Now NEW Research from Ocean Conservancy How much plastic is too much? Explore the landmark peer-reviewed study on lethal doses of plastic to marine animals. Read More Protect Where We Play Mobilizing the collective power of their fans and using their platforms to ride the wave, Team Ocean Captains are leading the charge for Protect Where We Play. Join Team Ocean Urgent Action Needed for Marine Mammals Congress must invest in the critical programs that are designed to uphold the Marine Mammal Protection Act. Take action now and urge your lawmakers to defend some of our ocean’s most vulnerable animals. TAKE ACTION Double Your Impact Your gift can go 2X further for the ocean. Donate before midnight on December 31 to have your contribution matched dollar-for-dollar. Give Now NEW Research from Ocean Conservancy How much plastic is too much? Explore the landmark peer-reviewed study on lethal doses of plastic to marine animals. Read More Protect Where We Play Mobilizing the collective power of their fans and using their platforms to ride the wave, Team Ocean Captains are leading the charge for Protect Where We Play. Join Team Ocean Urgent Action Needed for Marine Mammals Congress must invest in the critical programs that are designed to uphold the Marine Mammal Protection Act. Take action now and urge your lawmakers to defend some of our ocean’s most vulnerable animals. TAKE ACTION Our Work Our ocean produces half the world’s oxygen, absorbs 90% of the excess heat from climate change and supports millions of species and billions of people. Our ocean is truly awesome—but it is not invincible. Ocean Conservancy is a U.S.-based organization that works globally to protect the ocean. We work on protecting biodiversity, advancing climate solutions and preventing ocean plastics . Together, we are securing a healthy ocean and a thriving planet, forever and for everyone. Biodiversity Climate Plastics News Climate Finance Goals for Our Ocean at COP30 Shamini Selvaratnam ‪Director, International Climate and Clean Energy With world leaders meeting in Belém, Brazil, they have the chance to elevate our ocean as a climate solution Ten Animals Impacted by Ghost Gear Jaclyn McGarry Program Manager, Global Ghost Gear Initiative Fishing gear is designed to catch the fish that we eat on our plates, but how are other ocean animals impacted when fishing gear is lost at sea? 40 Years of Cleaner Beaches Powered by People and Community Janis Searles Jones Chief Executive Officer The International Coastal Cleanup® 2025 marks 40 years of impact for marine life and coastal communities View News Get Involved Action Center Love the ocean? Turn your passion into impact. Explore urgent actions you can take right now to protect marine life and defend our ocean’s future. Take Action Clean Up Join us this season to clean up your local beach, lake, park or neighborhood. Learn More Work with Us Grow your career and be on the frontlines of ocean conservation. Join Us Ocean Conservancy is a 501(c)3 – Donations are 100% tax-deductible as allowed by law. Donate $2 can remove 1 pound of trash from our ocean. One-Time Monthly $75 $100 $125 $150 $200 $250 $10 $15 $25 $30 $50 $100 Submit Ocean Conservancy is a 501(c)3 – Donations are 100% tax-deductible as allowed by law. Corporate Support Together, we can create lasting solutions for a healthier planet and thriving communities. Join Us Your browser does not support the video tag. Stay Current Get updates and make a difference for our ocean’s future " * " indicates required fields Get updates and make a difference for our ocean’s future. This field is hidden when viewing the form Campaign ID * Email * First Name * Last Name * Phone Zip Code * Email Opt-in Yes, I’d like to receive occasional emails from Ocean Conservancy. SMS Opt-in Yes, I’d like to receive periodic SMS messages from Ocean Conservancy. By providing your mobile number you consent to receive recurring text messages from Ocean Conservancy from 52551 for donations to protect our ocean from today’s greatest global challenges. Message and data rates may apply. Reply HELP for more information or STOP to cancel. Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Newsroom Wildlife Library We are Hiring Contact Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Statement Call us at 800-519-1541 © 2025 Ocean Conservancy This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.