OceanWP | Free Multi-Purpose WordPress Theme Skip to content Winter Website Wonderland Holiday magic - wrapped in OceanWP premium tools Explore the magic of wonderland Blog Docs See What’s New Knowledge Base Getting Started All Ocean Extensions Custom Codes Account & Licenses Support Get Support Priority Support Academy Webinars Tutorials OceanWP Experts Customer Account OceanWP Site Templates Website Templates Collection View All Template Demos Royalty-free Images and Icons Pricing OceanWP Pro Bundle Ocean eCommerce Pro Site Booster Testimonials Site Booster Products OceanWP Theme All Features Features for WooCommerce OceanWP Comparison Websites Gallery OceanWP Pro Bundle All Features Pricing Ocean eCommerce Pro Features Overview All Custom eComm Features Pricing Site Booster Features Overview All Features Pricing Ocean Free Extensions Download Your Account Sign In / Sign Up Site Templates Website Templates Collection View All Template Demos Royalty-free Images and Icons Pricing OceanWP Pro Bundle Ocean eCommerce Pro Site Booster Testimonials Site Booster Products OceanWP Theme All Features Features for WooCommerce OceanWP Comparison Websites Gallery OceanWP Pro Bundle All Features Pricing Ocean eCommerce Pro Features Overview All Custom eComm Features Pricing Site Booster Features Overview All Features Pricing Ocean Free Extensions Download Your Account Blog Docs See What’s New Knowledge Base Getting Started All Ocean Extensions Custom Codes Account & Licenses Support Get Support Priority Support Academy Webinars Tutorials OceanWP Experts OceanWP . free WordPress Multi-purpose theme The WordPress
 theme that gives you more Elementor ready. WooCommerce ready. Gutenberg ready. Go pro now free download 9,128,746 downloads | 5K+ reviews | 1m+ websites | world-class support It's what we do best      5/5 OceanWP is an extremely versatile theme with excellent support systems in place. Any user, beginner to pro, will have the tools to build and plenty of ways to get help as needed. I am a relative beginner at WordPress site-building and wasn’t looking for a ‘free’ option (though OceanWP has one). I wanted all the bells and whistles of a versatile theme along with reliable support so I can focus on learning while making my new endeavors in the www space successful. In my opinion, this versatile theme + support is the best. wiredlifemjh (@wiredlifemjh) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review What's new in OceanWP Site Booster now supports all WordPress themes Site Booster is the all-in-one optimization plugin for WordPress. Replace dozens of single-purpose plugins and enhance speed, security, workflow and SEO with one suite. Learn More Boost WordPress performance with Site Booster Boost WordPress performance, security, SEO, and UX for tangible and genuine results with Site Booster. The latest OceanWP premium suite is now available! Learn More OceanWP 4 and the magical theme Customizer OceanWP 4 is about to hit the scene! We’re welcoming a brand new Customizer: lightweight, intuitive and user-user friendly, to help you customize blazingly fast. Learn More Epic new OceanWP premium features in 2024 Start a content creation revolution in 2024 with brand new premium features: new full site templates, popups, custom post types and more. Learn More providing you with ultimate WordPress solutions since 2016 WordPress brand you can trust Trusted by hundreds of thousands of users, major WordPress developers, major hosting providers and online magazines and WordPress resource websites who wrote about OceanWP. Experience WordPress full site editing the OceanWP way Get started with OceanWP today Say goodbye to half-baked features & incomplete options. Our free WordPress theme and plugins are fully-equipped and packed with customization options that allow you to control, style and optimize every aspect of your website from top to bottom. Experience WordPress full site editing the OceanWP way. Download OceanWP + starter guides Just the free download Learn more Ensuring your websites are built upon strong and reliable foundations What makes OceanWP special It takes more than a beautiful design for a website to remain strong and be able to responds to the latest web and technology challenges at all times. It's our job to take care about everything that goes on behind the scenes so you don't have to. Complete & flexible OceanWP is the chameleon among WordPress themes. Complete and flexible functionalities empower you to build websites of any kind. SEO OceanWP employs the best SEO practices and user settings enabling you to get the perfect score at all times. Basic Schema markup included. Full user control OceanWP users have full control over all features they want to use on their websites, making your workspace clean, usable and bloat-free. Fully customizable With OceanWP you can customize your website on a global and individual page level. Complete controls to maximize the potential. Accessibility 60% of what makes a website accessibility-friendly is code-related. We are regularly updating our code according to the latest WAI ARIA guides. Documentation OceanWP is well-documented, providing detailed guides at all times which in return helps you get the answers you need fast and hassle-free. Fully responsive OceanWP's inbuilt and customizable options will ensure your website looks and functions amazingly across all devices. Code quality Code quality ensures all the options you use work seamlessly and great together, ensuring smooth user experience and fast websites. Support We offer support to all our users, at all times, per our Support Policy. Extra support services available for premium clients. Translation & RTL OceanWP is completely translation and RTL-ready, ensuring the best user experience for you and your website visitors. Updates Adding new features is easy. Maintaining and improving software is the challenge. We are constantly making our products better for you. Community For us, you're more than a user or a client. We are always interacting with all members to ensure our products and services meet your needs. Time to fall in love with your website WordPress community loves OceanWP Because your happiness and satisfaction matter to us.      5/5 I have tried countless themes especially the highly promoted ones. This one is the best free one ever. Its customization capabilities are incredible and the learning curve for using the theme is so friendly. I have no online business so do not have the paid version. However, I will get the paid version for business or not. As I say, it is truly the best theme. nanega (@nanega) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review      5/5 OceanWP Theme on WordPress.org is absolutely phenomenal! The design is clean and modern, offering flexibility and customization at every step. This theme has taken my first website to the next level. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a professional and high-quality WordPress theme. marmea65 (@marmea65) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review      5/5 OceanWP is a fantastic WordPress theme that offers flexibility, performance, and ease of use. If you’re looking for a theme that can help you create a stunning and functional website with minimal effort, then OceanWP is definitely worth considering. makiwadesign (@makiwadesign) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review      5/5 Always knew there was something special out there on the Great Big Ocean.
It’s called OceanWP !!!!!!! Well done everyone! Excellent Theme! Looking forward to the future with OceanWP!
Keep up the good work! hamzaajab (@hamzaajab) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review      5/5 Easy to use and does what it says on the tin! Matt (@carboncleaninguk) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review      5/5 OceanWP theme is top of the best themes have ever used. Flexible features, great contents, easy to use and user friendly, good job OceanWP team. XoldierBwoy (@palpastis) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review      5/5 Endless possibilities in an innovative UX. I’ve used it on two sites so far and feel I don’t need to look for anything else for my next WordPress gig. kollalfa (@kollalfa) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review View all WordPress reviews View testimonials 1,000,000+ websites running OceanWP More is more Hundreds of thousands WordPress users already know that we always keep meeting and exceeding their expectations since 2016. Join the OceanWP community and get more styles, more functionality, more options, more features and most importantly, more support. Get OceanWP Pro Bundle Now powered by Get access to millions of photos, illustrations and icons. Ready-made designs to kickstart your website Full website templates Don't struggle. OceanWP Pro Bundle offers fully editable and customizable full website templates for Elementor & Gutenberg, and a section templates library for Elementor. Get OceanWP Pro Bundle View full website templates 1-click installation Import your desired full website template with a single-click option. Full site templates Choose between 240+ templates for Elementor and Gutenberg. Section templates library Build Elementor pages step by step with our editable section templates. Brand new OceanWP Pro Bundle features for everyone Connect all WordPress dots with OceanWP premium Book your session with our team Popup Builder Generate more leads with the Popup Builder. Build custom popups with Elementor or Gutenberg, or simply edit native popup templates. Custom Post Types Add versatility to your website content. Go above and beyond standard blog posts with Custom Post Types magic and its customized configuration. Pixel Tracker Turn your website into a data gathering mastermind. See how visitors interact with your website to increase social media ad targeting. New Full Site Templates Jump start your creative process with brand new full website templates for Elementor. Completely editable and customizable. You can have it all Unbeatable WordPress customization & styling options Achieve more with less tools. Achieve more in less time. Effortless control over the entire website. Full user control over features and options. No coding skills or knowledge required. Custom codes library for advanced users available. Global website style & layouts. Individual styles & controls for pages, posts, products & more. Out-of-the-box desktop & mobile header styles. Content loop builders for blog, posts, shop, products & more. Custom templates support. 1-click Google fonts local hosting. Adobe fonts integration. + infinite more options. View OceanWP features The one and only Truly free WordPress theme with pro features for everyone      5/5 With this theme I created everything that I wanted and learned to use it very fast because they made it very straightforward. I highly recommend this theme. Cheers! pitajme (@pitajme) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review Compatible with everything you care about Always a team player Thanks to OceanWP compatibility and dedicated integrations, you can build even the most demanding websites of any kind. Works great with all major page builders. Elementor-ready. Gutenberg-ready. SEO-friendly + SEO-ready: compatible with all SEO plugins. eCommerce-ready: dedicated integrations for WooCommerce and Easy Digital Downloads. Translation-ready: compatible with all translation plugins. LearnDash and LiterLMS ready. + many more options. the theme that popularized Elementor Best theme for Elementor Combine OceanWP's stability and vast customization & styling options with Elementor's page builder capabilities for a maximum design impact. Get OceanWP Pro Bundle Custom sections Build and apply custom headers, footers and sections. Simple implementation on global site and individual pages level. Custom pages layout Control the layout of all pages, enable theme elements per need with a few simple clicks, and get the design right every time. Elementor library Speed up the building process with OceanWP Pro Bundle & a library of fully editable and customizable section templates. Typography Apply local Google fonts or Adobe TypeKit integration to your Elementor designs seamlessly and for free. Elementor widgets Spice up your content with OceanWP Pro Bundle & a full stack of dedicated widgets and features for Elementor. Full site templates 200+ Elementor full website templates available with OceanWP Pro Bundle. Editable & customizable in full. Build an online store to admire The best theme for WooCommerce OceanWP comes with a seamless WooCommerce integration, with an abundance of out of the box features, customization and style options that enable every person to build a fully functional eCommerce website and start selling immediately. 100+ WooCommerce templates Over 100 full website templates available for stores of any type with the OceanWP Pro Bundle. 4+1 Shop & product archive styles Out of the box styles. Each style comes in a grid layout with an optional list style. 7 Shop & archive loop builder elements Design and customize the shop pages your way, directly through the Customizer. 6 Single product loop builder elements Design and style the perfect single product page with arrangeable elements. Sticky Add to Cart Add a sticky Add to Cart feature to your single product pages with the Floating Bar to increase conversion. Off Canvas Filter Keep your shop pages clean with the Off Canvas Filter - a sidebar that is always a click away. Mini Cart With OceanWP you can display the cart directly in the menu and select your perfect Mini Cart style. Product Quick View Help customers reach a decision fast by displaying product short description with the OceanWP Quick View. Get even more out of WooCommerce Build custom eCommerce websites Build custom online stores with WooCommerce and OceanWP with the Ocean eComm Treasure Box premium addon for WooCommerce. Choose your Ocean eCommerce Pro plan and get access to a box loaded with treasures that enable you to turn your shop into a money-making machine. Get Ocean eCommerce Pro Learn more about this addon Add an extra kick with free Ocean extensions Enhance your website Free OceanWP extensions for WordPress bring extra functionality for everyone. Freemium full site templates. Additional WordPress widgets. Metabox Settings for full site control from top to bottom. Unlimited custom sidebars. The good kind of popups with modal window display. Blog post social sharing options. Single product social sharing options. MailChimp, Adobe Typkeit, local Google fonts. Seamless blog post sliders. + many more. View free OceanWP extensions Do more with the OceanWP Pro Bundle Amplify your excellence OceanWP Pro Bundle extensions complement your website with powerful new features, helping you achieve perfection. Premium full website templates for Elementor and Gutenberg. Elementor section templates library. Sticky Header. Widgets pack for Elementor. Popup Login. Footer Callout. Hooks for custom codes and templates. A simple Cookie Notice. Sticky Footer + much more. View OceanWP Pro Bundle extensions      5/5 OceanWP is an exceptional theme, I’ve used it for several sites and it pairs seamlessly with Elementor to build websites that are as capable as they are beautiful. The customization and widget options are second to none. I’m self taught when it comes to WordPress and building sites and have been able to create options with gorgeous store fronts, online scheduling, and class booking platform integrations with ease. Stop searching through themes OceanWP is the only one you need! insightfulequine (@insightfulequine) OceanWP user / WordPress.org review Get the best out of WordPress Build your website on a strong foundation Get OceanWP Pro Bundle Get Ocean eCommerce Pro 100% risk-free Use any OceanWP pro products worry-free. We have a 14-days No-Questions-Asked Refund Policy in place for all new purchases. We 100% adhere to it. Continuous support We provide continuous support for all OceanWP users, free and pro. Use our products carefree, knowing you can always count on us. Continuous updates We are working on improvements around the clock, to ensure your websites are always able to meet the latest demands. Keeping it real Your trust matters to us. No fake tests, no false claims, no games. Our users & clients' experience and feedback throughout the years speak volumes. OceanWP . ® Helping you get the best out of WordPress since 2016. Registered trademark. OceanWP About Newsletter Partners Testimonials Royalty-free images & icons Websites gallery FAQ News & info Blog Webinars System requirements All changelogs Contact Sales team OceanWP Experts Hire a professional Become an OceanWP Expert Support Documentation Video tutorials WordPress forum Facebook community Get support from our team OceanWP theme Download Child theme Features General comparison OceanWP vs Hello Elementor Free extensions Rollback versions OceanWP Pro Bundle Full site templates Pro Bundle extensions Pricing Documentation Changelogs Ocean eCommerce Pro About Features Pricing Documentation Changelog Ocean Site Booster Features Pricing Documentation Changelog Programs Affiliate Schools & Courses OceanWP Bonus Showcase website Feature requests Legal Online Store Policy Support Policy Refund Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Templates Images Disclaimer Join us on social media © Copyright 2016 - 2025. All rights reserved | OceanWP® LLC USA Winter Website Wonderland Save 40% on OceanWP premium tools — designed to help you build, optimize, and grow better WordPress websites. 🎁 Includes a special winter bonus with every premium product and every plan. ⏰ Ends January 5th Explore the winter wonderland Log in Become a part of our community! Username Password Remember Me Login Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Policy Not a member? Sign up Create an account Welcome! Register for an account Your username Your email Password Confirm Password Register Privacy Policy Already a member? Sign in Reset password Recover your password Username or E-mail Request Reset Password Link A password reset link will be e-mailed to you. Privacy Policy Back to Login × We use cookies to give you the best experience, as detailed in our privacy policy . By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies.