Orange County Sheriff's Office Skip to content For information on how to keep kids safe Click Here NON-EMERGENCY: (407)836-4357 EMERGENCY: 9-1-1 RECORDS: (407)254-7280 GO Home Office of the Sheriff Office of the Undersheriff Commend or Complain about an Employee Citizens Advisory Committee Trust, Transparency, Dignity & Respect View our Policies Fallen Heroes Services Operational Services Uniform Patrol Division Behavioral Response Unit Criminal Investigation Division General Assignment Section Major Case Section Victim Advocates Special Operations Division Aviation Section Traffic Section Gang Enforcement Unit Narcotics Section OCSO Reserve Unit High Risk Incident Command Emergency Response Team Hazardous Device Team Hostage Negotiation Team Special Response Team SWAT Administrative Services Support Services Division Chaplain Program Records Management Section Court Services and Communications Division Communications Section Court Security Section Criminal Process Section Judicial Process Section Security Alarms Human Resources Division Employee and Labor Relations Section Employee Services Section Recruiting and Background Section Community Relations and Crime Prevention Call for Service Fingerprinting File Police Report Records Request Off-Duty Services Senior Programs Senior Prom Autism Decal Save A Casing Scent Kits Connect Orange County VIN Verification Safe School Officer Course Public Interest Public Notices Annual Reports CFIX Privacy Policy Doing Business with OCSO Community Resources Safety Tips Keeping Kids Safe Water Safety Disaster Preparation Cyberspace Safety Tourist Safety Home Protection for Business Owners Civilian Police Academy Youth Opportunities Teen Driver Challenge Missing Persons E-Brochures Event Photos OCFL Alerts Deputy Involved Shootings LGBTQ LGBTQ Safe Places Asian American and Pacific Islander Liaisons Sex Offender Information Most Wanted Sex Offenders Crime Information Crime Prevention and Community Relations Business Owners Outreach Program Building and Facility Security National Night Out Unresolved Homicide Wanted Careers Employment Information Recruiting Events Law Enforcement Positions Civilian Positions Veteran Recruiting Out of State Officers Relocation Information Career FAQs School Crossing Guard Volunteer Opportunities Training with OCSO Returning Applicants Forms and Information EEO Statement and Policies Contact Media Inquiries Commend Or Complain About an Employee Agency Directory FAQs Useful Links X Home Office of the Sheriff Office of the Undersheriff Commend or Complain about an Employee Citizens Advisory Committee Trust, Transparency, Dignity & Respect View our Policies Fallen Heroes Services Operational Services Uniform Patrol Division Behavioral Response Unit Criminal Investigation Division General Assignment Section Major Case Section Victim Advocates Special Operations Division Aviation Section Traffic Section Gang Enforcement Unit Narcotics Section OCSO Reserve Unit High Risk Incident Command Emergency Response Team Hazardous Device Team Hostage Negotiation Team Special Response Team SWAT Administrative Services Support Services Division Chaplain Program Records Management Section Court Services and Communications Division Communications Section Court Security Section Criminal Process Section Judicial Process Section Security Alarms Human Resources Division Employee and Labor Relations Section Employee Services Section Recruiting and Background Section Community Relations and Crime Prevention Call for Service Fingerprinting File Police Report Records Request Off-Duty Services Senior Programs Senior Prom Autism Decal Save A Casing Scent Kits Connect Orange County VIN Verification Safe School Officer Course Public Interest Public Notices Annual Reports CFIX Privacy Policy Doing Business with OCSO Community Resources Safety Tips Keeping Kids Safe Water Safety Disaster Preparation Cyberspace Safety Tourist Safety Home Protection for Business Owners Civilian Police Academy Youth Opportunities Teen Driver Challenge Missing Persons E-Brochures Event Photos OCFL Alerts Deputy Involved Shootings LGBTQ LGBTQ Safe Places Asian American and Pacific Islander Liaisons Sex Offender Information Most Wanted Sex Offenders Crime Information Crime Prevention and Community Relations Business Owners Outreach Program Building and Facility Security National Night Out Unresolved Homicide Wanted Careers Employment Information Recruiting Events Law Enforcement Positions Civilian Positions Veteran Recruiting Out of State Officers Relocation Information Career FAQs School Crossing Guard Volunteer Opportunities Training with OCSO Returning Applicants Forms and Information EEO Statement and Policies Contact Media Inquiries Commend Or Complain About an Employee Agency Directory FAQs Useful Links GO The Orange County Sheriff’s Office is committed to excellence in law enforcement, reducing crime and the fear of crime, ensuring the safety of our residents and visitors, while enhancing trust through community engagement. Join Our OCSO Team Careers Report a Crash File an E-Report Fingerprinting Record Request Traffic Complaints Commend/Complain Orange County Sheriff’s Office VALUES REDUCE CRIME Reduce crime, the fear of crime, and keep our residents and visitors safe TRUST & TRANSPARENCY Work diligently to enhance trust through transparency and community engagement DIGNITY & RESPECT Treat all members of the public with dignity and respect COMMUNITY Demonstrate a strong commitment to the communities we serve and enhance quality of life throughout Orange County INTEGRITY Maintain the highest levels of integrity and professionalism while delivering excellent service SAFETY & WELLNESS Incorporate the best training, equipment, and programs for the safety, health, and wellness of all employees Asian American and Pacific Islander Liaisons The Orange County Sheriff’s Office is committed to the safety and fair and respectful treatment of all residents and visitors. OCSO has a group of Asian American Pacific Islander (AAPI) Liaisons who are available to work with community members, visitors and business owners in the following areas: Work with all parts of the Sheriff’s Office to identify with AAPI residents and address their concerns Assist in productive dialogue with investigative units concerning AAPI-related crimes Work with other law enforcement agencies and community-based organizations to become educated and involved in AAPI-related issues Our liaisons will assist the Sheriff’s Office with any AAPI cases in which they can help address cultural or translation barriers as well as work with the AAPI community to build trust with law enforcement. Click here to meet our liaisons. Mobile Video Game Theater GAME ON! Our Community Relations Section unveiled this exciting new way to connect with kids in our community. The OCSO Mobile Video Game Theater boasts 11 screens and can engage up to 44 players at a time. The state-of-the-art trailer features some of the latest and greatest game consoles – Sony PlayStation 5, Microsoft Xbox Series X and Nintendo Switch – as well as a PlayStation VR (Virtual Reality) headset. When you see our Mobile Video Game Theater out and about at events in Orange County, you and your family are invited to step inside or pull up a seat outside to enjoy a variety of games, from NBA 2K22 and FIFA 22 to Minecraft to Super Smash Bros. It is also accessible to those in wheelchairs. Our deputies look forward to gaming with you! Behavioral Response Unit The Behavioral Response Unit is a Co-Responder Model program in which trained mental health clinicians from Devereux Advanced Behavioral Health are paired with Orange County deputies to respond to calls for service involving mental health crisis. The clinicians are mental health professionals and the deputies all are Crisis Intervention Trained (CIT), and have undergone 40 hours of Crisis Intervention Team training. Learn More LGBTQ Safe Place The mission of the OCSO Safe Place Initiative is to provide the LGBTQ community with easily accessible safety information and safe places throughout the city they can turn to if they are the victim of crime or student bullying. Learn More >> E-Commerce Exchange Buying or selling something online and need to meet to make a transaction? Please take advantage of our E-Commerce Exchange Zone spaces in front of our North entrance at 2500 W. Colonial. 

If someone won't meet you at a law enforcement agency, that's a red flag! Public Notices Here you can find all public announcements of things like active Bids, Notice of Sheriff Sales and Citizen Advisory Committee Meeting dates. Learn More >> Community Crime Prevention Award The Community Crime Prevention Award program is back for its fifth year, and $250,000 in funding is up for grabs. The program provides monetary awards to nonprofit  organizations and community groups in Orange County. Learn More >> Trust and Transparency The Orange County Sheriff's Office is committed to reducing crime and the fear of crime while maintaining the highest levels of integrity and treating members of the public with dignity and respect. Sheriff John Mina is committed to reviewing our policies with input from the community and making necessary changes. Learn More >> 911 or Non-emergency? We all know to call 911 in an emergency, but did you know there is a non-emergency number, 407-836-HELP (4357) for reporting suspicious activity, parking complaints or after-the-fact crimes (such as auto burglary)? Call 911 for immediate assistance with a crime in progress. Learn More >> Autism Decal Program What is it? The Orange County Sheriff's Office is committed to the safety of all of our residents. The more information deputies have when they respond to calls for service, the better they are able to meet our residents’ needs. The mission of the OCSO Autism initiative is to alert Emergency Responders that there is a person with autism in the home or vehicle. The decals enable Orange County Sheriff’s deputies to draw on their autism training and understand that there is a person in the home or car that may not speak, respond to or comply with verbal commands, may hide, or wander off, or may have no awareness of danger. The Sheriff's Office is providing these decals free of charge to anyone in unincorporated Orange County who wants to place them near the front door of their home or in the rear window of their car so law enforcement officers can be aware there is an occupant with autism. Register Here Filing an E-Report for Non-Emergencies If you need to report a crime, the Orange County Sheriff's Office has an online reporting tool to help you do so. You can report the following types of crime on OCSO.com : Lost property Identity theft Theft Lost or stolen license plate Vehicle burglary Harassing phone calls Vandalism In order to report a crime online, your situation must meet the following criteria: The crime is not an emergency. If it is an emergency, call 9-1-1! Incident occurred in unincorporated Orange County There are no known suspects The incident is not related to a traffic crash You are at least 18 years old Online Satisfaction Survey Tell us how we're doing! Thank you for your interest in participating with our online satisfaction survey! The Orange County Sheriff's Office works hard to make sure our residents and visitors feel safe. One of the ways we can improve is to get feedback from the community. Take the Survey Orange County Sheriff's Office PO BOX 1440 Orlando, FL. 32802-1440 (407) 254-7000 EMERGENCY 9-1-1 NON-EMERGENCY (407) 836-4357 RECORDS SECTION (407) 254-7280 Follow us on Facebook Latest Tweets Tweets by OrangeCoSheriff Download the App Home Office of the Sheriff Services Public Interest Crime Information Careers Contact Login Accessibility | Sitemap | Privacy Statement | Terms Of Use