Octane AI Platform Pricing Customers Partners Resources Login Book a demo Login Platform Pricing Customers Partners Resources Login Book a demo Platform Pricing Customers Partners Resources Login Book a demo Login Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS - Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. < 01/03 > BOOST CONVERSION + INCREASE ENGAGEMENT + Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS - Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. < 01/03 > BOOST CONVERSION + INCREASE ENGAGEMENT + Learn what your customers want  and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS - Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. < 01/03 > BOOST CONVERSION + INCREASE ENGAGEMENT + Learn what your customers want  and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS - Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. < 01/03 > BOOST CONVERSION + INCREASE ENGAGEMENT + Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS BOOST CONVERSION INCREASE ENGAGEMENT Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. Turn responses into clear segments Understand preferences, blockers, and motivations to personalize the path to purchase. Build unique customer profiles in your CRM (lead gen) Save answers as Smart Properties and auto-sync to Klaviyo, Postscript, etc. Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS BOOST CONVERSION INCREASE ENGAGEMENT Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. Turn responses into clear segments Understand preferences, blockers, and motivations to personalize the path to purchase. Build unique customer profiles in your CRM (lead gen) Save answers as Smart Properties and auto-sync to Klaviyo, Postscript, etc. Convert every click with AI Convert every click with AI Try for free Book a Demo Quizzes & AI-powered funnels that increase sales, AOV, and customer happiness automatically. Powered by Octane CORE-1: the commerce AI reasoning model. Trusted by 5,000+ Shopify brands for conversion & lead gen. Quizzes & AI-powered funnels that increase sales, AOV, and customer happiness automatically. Quizzes & AI-powered funnels that increase sales, AOV, and customer happiness automatically. Quizzes & AI-powered funnels that increase sales, AOV, and customer happiness automatically. Powered by Octane CORE-1: the commerce AI reasoning model. Powered by Octane CORE-1: the commerce AI reasoning model. Powered by Octane CORE-1: the commerce AI reasoning model. Trusted by 5,000+ Shopify brands for conversion & lead gen. Trusted by 5,000+ Shopify brands for conversion & lead gen. Trusted by 5,000+ Shopify brands for conversion & lead gen. Try for free Try for free Book a demo Book a demo Convert every click with AI Convert every click with AI Get real results with Octane AI 20 APPAREL AOV uplift 15 HAIRCARE Conversion rate 42 HAIRCARE Email opt-in rate 87 HAIRCARE Completion rate 20 APPAREL AOV uplift 15 HAIRCARE Conversion rate 42 HAIRCARE Email opt-in rate 87 HAIRCARE Completion rate 20 APPAREL AOV uplift 15 HAIRCARE Conversion rate 42 HAIRCARE Email opt-in rate 87 HAIRCARE Completion rate 20 APPAREL AOV uplift 15 HAIRCARE Conversion rate 42 HAIRCARE Email opt-in rate 87 HAIRCARE Completion rate 20 APPAREL AOV uplift 15 HAIRCARE Conversion rate 42 HAIRCARE Email opt-in rate 87 HAIRCARE Completion rate Introducing Agentic Commerce Quizzes Powering real-time, AI-driven personalization for ecommerce with CORE-1. Personalized shopping converts — but building a great quiz has always been slow and complex. Now it isn’t. With agentic AI, your quiz can design itself, personalize every interaction in real time, and recommend products automatically. Powered by Octane AI CORE-1. See Complete Overview See Complete Overview Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS BOOST CONVERSION INCREASE ENGAGEMENT Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. Turn responses into clear segments Understand preferences, blockers, and motivations to personalize the path to purchase. Build unique customer profiles in your CRM (lead gen) Save answers as Smart Properties and auto-sync to Klaviyo, Postscript, etc. Meet the brands that trust Octane AI to transform their bottom line Meet the brands that trust Octane AI to transform their bottom line Meet the brands that trust Octane AI to transform their bottom line Meet the brands that trust Octane AI to transform their bottom line Jones Road Beauty Bambu Earth Jocko Fuel Zox JONES ROAD BEAUTY $100M in revenue with Octane AI >800,000 subscribers from Octane AI quiz >80% of marketing list from Octane AI Octane AI quiz is #1 landing page for ads “ If you think about and analyze the incremental impact Octane AI can have on your business long-term, it is pretty amazing.” Cody Plofker CEO, Jones Road Beauty Read case study JONES ROAD BEAUTY $100M in revenue with Octane AI >800,000 subscribers from Octane AI quiz >80% of marketing list from Octane AI Octane AI quiz is #1 landing page for ads “ If you think about and analyze the incremental impact Octane AI can have on your business long-term, it is pretty amazing.” Cody Plofker CEO, Jones Road Beauty Read case study BAMBU EARTH Quiz strategy makes over $10M a year 100% of ad traffic sent directly to Octane AI quiz Octane AI syncs directly with Klaviyo and Recart 3x faster to edit Octane AI quiz compared to Typeform “ The faster the cycle time on quiz improvements, the faster I can outrun our competitors and scale our business better.” Dave Rekuc COO, Bambu Earth Read case study JOCKO FUEL >90% completion rate of Octane AI quiz Octane AI quiz educates and builds trust with customers >90% quiz engagement and completion rate Octane AI drives product development based on direct consumer feedback “ Any brand looking to engage with their consumers—which is pretty much every brand—should be using Octane AI.” Karen Reehil Director of E-commerce, Jocko Fuel Read case study ZOX Octane AI solves decision paralysis for 50,000 shoppers Octane AI helps shoppers find the right product among 850+ items in the Zox store Octane AI quiz has 50,000 unique completions Increased product discovery for less popular items “ People were blown away at how great the quiz is. They're like, ‘the team must have spent so much time on this.’ Honestly, I was laughing because we didn't.” Brandon Kuipers Co-founder, Zox Read case study JONES ROAD BEAUTY $100M in revenue with Octane AI >800,000 subscribers from Octane AI quiz >80% of marketing list from Octane AI Octane AI quiz is #1 landing page for ads “ If you think about and analyze the incremental impact Octane AI can have on your business long-term, it is pretty amazing.” Cody Plofker CEO, Jones Road Beauty Read case study BAMBU EARTH Quiz strategy makes over $10M a year 100% of ad traffic sent directly to Octane AI quiz Octane AI syncs directly with Klaviyo and Recart 3x faster to edit Octane AI quiz compared to Typeform “ The faster the cycle time on quiz improvements, the faster I can outrun our competitors and scale our business better.” Dave Rekuc COO, Bambu Earth Read case study JOCKO FUEL >90% completion rate of Octane AI quiz Octane AI quiz educates and builds trust with customers >90% quiz engagement and completion rate Octane AI drives product development based on direct consumer feedback “ Any brand looking to engage with their consumers—which is pretty much every brand—should be using Octane AI.” Karen Reehil Director of E-commerce, Jocko Fuel Read case study ZOX Octane AI solves decision paralysis for 50,000 shoppers Octane AI helps shoppers find the right product among 850+ items in the Zox store Octane AI quiz has 50,000 unique completions Increased product discovery for less popular items “ People were blown away at how great the quiz is. They're like, ‘the team must have spent so much time on this.’ Honestly, I was laughing because we didn't.” Brandon Kuipers Co-founder, Zox Read case study JONES ROAD BEAUTY $100M in revenue with Octane AI >800,000 subscribers from Octane AI quiz >80% of marketing list from Octane AI Octane AI quiz is #1 landing page for ads “ If you think about and analyze the incremental impact Octane AI can have on your business long-term, it is pretty amazing.” Cody Plofker CEO, Jones Road Beauty Read case study BAMBU EARTH Quiz strategy makes over $10M a year 100% of ad traffic sent directly to Octane AI quiz Octane AI syncs directly with Klaviyo and Recart 3x faster to edit Octane AI quiz compared to Typeform “ The faster the cycle time on quiz improvements, the faster I can outrun our competitors and scale our business better.” Dave Rekuc COO, Bambu Earth Read case study JOCKO FUEL >90% completion rate of Octane AI quiz Octane AI quiz educates and builds trust with customers >90% quiz engagement and completion rate Octane AI drives product development based on direct consumer feedback “ Any brand looking to engage with their consumers—which is pretty much every brand—should be using Octane AI.” Karen Reehil Director of E-commerce, Jocko Fuel Read case study ZOX Octane AI solves decision paralysis for 50,000 shoppers Octane AI helps shoppers find the right product among 850+ items in the Zox store Octane AI quiz has 50,000 unique completions Increased product discovery for less popular items “ People were blown away at how great the quiz is. They're like, ‘the team must have spent so much time on this.’ Honestly, I was laughing because we didn't.” Brandon Kuipers Co-founder, Zox Read case study JONES ROAD BEAUTY $100M in revenue with Octane AI >800,000 subscribers from Octane AI quiz >80% of marketing list from Octane AI Octane AI quiz is #1 landing page for ads “ If you think about and analyze the incremental impact Octane AI can have on your business long-term, it is pretty amazing.” Cody Plofker CEO, Jones Road Beauty Read case study BAMBU EARTH Quiz strategy makes over $10M a year 100% of ad traffic sent directly to Octane AI quiz Octane AI syncs directly with Klaviyo and Recart 3x faster to edit Octane AI quiz compared to Typeform “ The faster the cycle time on quiz improvements, the faster I can outrun our competitors and scale our business better.” Dave Rekuc COO, Bambu Earth Read case study JOCKO FUEL >90% completion rate of Octane AI quiz Octane AI quiz educates and builds trust with customers >90% quiz engagement and completion rate Octane AI drives product development based on direct consumer feedback “ Any brand looking to engage with their consumers—which is pretty much every brand—should be using Octane AI.” Karen Reehil Director of E-commerce, Jocko Fuel Read case study ZOX Octane AI solves decision paralysis for 50,000 shoppers Octane AI helps shoppers find the right product among 850+ items in the Zox store Octane AI quiz has 50,000 unique completions Increased product discovery for less popular items “ People were blown away at how great the quiz is. They're like, ‘the team must have spent so much time on this.’ Honestly, I was laughing because we didn't.” Brandon Kuipers Co-founder, Zox Read case study WHY OCTANE AI Build with AI (no-code required) Smart Quiz Builder drafts questions, logic, and results—all from a single prompt. AI-coded, pixel-perfect pages Use Smart Code Builder to generate pixel-perfect HTML/CSS/JS that matches your storefront. Powered by Octane CORE-1 AI product recommendations and on brand personalized sales copy for every customer Shopify-native & Plus Certified Shopify Plus Certified; recognized as Shopify’s Best Storefront App—built for security, performance, and support. Hands-on experts, on your team Work with dedicated account managers who help you launch fast, test weekly, and scale what works. Build with AI (no-code required) Smart Quiz Builder drafts questions, logic, and results—all from a single prompt. AI-coded, pixel-perfect pages Use Smart Code Builder to generate pixel-perfect HTML/CSS/JS that matches your storefront. Powered by Octane CORE-1 AI product recommendations and on brand personalized sales copy for every customer Shopify-native & Plus Certified Shopify Plus Certified; recognized as Shopify’s Best Storefront App—built for security, performance, and support. Hands-on experts, on your team Work with dedicated account managers who help you launch fast, test weekly, and scale what works. Build with AI (no-code required) Smart Quiz Builder drafts questions, logic, and results—all from a single prompt. AI-coded, pixel-perfect pages Use Smart Code Builder to generate pixel-perfect HTML/CSS/JS that matches your storefront. Powered by Octane CORE-1 AI product recommendations and on brand personalized sales copy for every customer Shopify-native & Plus Certified Shopify Plus Certified; recognized as Shopify’s Best Storefront App—built for security, performance, and support. Hands-on experts, on your team Work with dedicated account managers who help you launch fast, test weekly, and scale what works. Build with AI (no-code required) Smart Quiz Builder drafts questions, logic, and results—all from a single prompt. AI-coded, pixel-perfect pages Use Smart Code Builder to generate pixel-perfect HTML/CSS/JS that matches your storefront. Powered by Octane CORE-1 AI product recommendations and on brand personalized sales copy for every customer Shopify-native & Plus Certified Shopify Plus Certified; recognized as Shopify’s Best Storefront App—built for security, performance, and support. Hands-on experts, on your team Work with dedicated account managers who help you launch fast, test weekly, and scale what works. Build with AI (no-code required) Smart Quiz Builder drafts questions, logic, and results—all from a single prompt. AI-coded, pixel-perfect pages Use Smart Code Builder to generate pixel-perfect HTML/CSS/JS that matches your storefront. Powered by Octane CORE-1 AI product recommendations and on brand personalized sales copy for every customer Shopify-native & Plus Certified Shopify Plus Certified; recognized as Shopify’s Best Storefront App—built for security, performance, and support. Hands-on experts, on your team Work with dedicated account managers who help you launch fast, test weekly, and scale what works. How Octane AI builds and runs your funnel Every step is powered by Octane CORE-1, the commerce reasoning model. 1 Train your AI 2 Build a Quiz 3 Recommend Products 4 Explain "why this" 5 Deploy Anywhere 6 Optimize 1 Train your AI 2 Build the quiz 3 Recommend products 4 Explain “why this” 5 Analyze the photo 6 Deploy anywhere 5 Deploy anywhere 6 Optimize Work with a team that's invested in your success Octane AI's dedicated account managers aren't just there for guidance; they're your strategic partners.  From helping with your first quiz to fine tuning flows, analyzing results and scaling what works our account managers are in it with you. Think of them as growth strategists embedded in your team with deep e-commerce and personaliztion expertise. Learn More "Our experience with Octane has been exceptional, and I cannot recommend it highly enough! Creating our quiz was quite complex, but our account manager Marina has been with us every step of the way. She is absolutely amazing!"  -111Skin Integrates with all the tools you use to run your store Integrates with all the tools you use to run your store Integrates with all the tools you use to run your store Plug in Klaviyo, Meta, Yotpo, and more — no code, no wait. Ready to convert every click with AI? Launch your first quiz and join 5,000+ brands using Octane AI to increase conversion and lead-gen automatically. Try for free Try for free Book a demo Book a demo Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS BOOST CONVERSION INCREASE ENGAGEMENT Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. Turn responses into clear segments Understand preferences, blockers, and motivations to personalize the path to purchase. Build unique customer profiles in your CRM (lead gen) Save answers as Smart Properties and auto-sync to Klaviyo, Postscript, etc. Learn what your customers want and keep them coming back GAIN INSIGHTS BOOST CONVERSION INCREASE ENGAGEMENT Get information directly from your customers Let shoppers tell you who they are and what they want—no guesswork. Turn responses into clear segments Understand preferences, blockers, and motivations to personalize the path to purchase. Build unique customer profiles in your CRM (lead gen) Save answers as Smart Properties and auto-sync to Klaviyo, Postscript, etc. Product Pricing Install Demo Company Blog Customers Contact Resources Docs Playbook Quiz marketing guide ROI Calculator Klaviyo marketing guide PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE Your Privacy Choices COPYRIGHT 2025 Product Pricing Install Demo Company Blog Customers Contact Resources Docs Playbook Quiz marketing guide ROI Calculator Klaviyo marketing guide PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE Your Privacy Choices COPYRIGHT 2025 Product Pricing Install Demo Company Blog Customers Contact Resources Docs Playbook Quiz marketing guide ROI Calculator Klaviyo marketing guide PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE Your Privacy Choices COPYRIGHT 2025 Product Pricing Install Demo Company Blog Customers Contact Resources Docs Playbook Quiz marketing guide ROI Calculator Klaviyo marketing guide PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE Your Privacy Choices COPYRIGHT 2025