Continuous Deployment & Delivery Software for DevOps teams | Octopus Deploy - Octopus Deploy Octopus Deploy Solutions Octopus Deploy Kubernetes deployments Platform Hub Environment promotion AI Assistant Argo CD in Octopus Automate operations tasks Tenanted deployments Services Premium support Enterprise support for Argo Technical Account Management GitOps certification Featured industries Financial services Retail Explore Documentation What's new Integrations Roadmap Downloads Start for free Book a demo Pricing Enterprise Docs Resources Explore Customer stories Downloads Webinars Blog Publications DevOps handbook Trust and security Support Learn Free DevOps tools Continuous Delivery Kubernetes deployments Kubernetes management Continuous Deployment Platform Engineering DevOps CI/CD Software deployments DevOps metrics Feature flags Cloud deployments Company Careers Join us Company handbook Explore About us Contact us News and media Events Our partners Swag Sign in Contact us Contact sales Book a demo Contact support Start for free User Control Center Profile Sign out Back Octopus Deploy Kubernetes deployments Platform Hub Environment promotion AI Assistant Argo CD in Octopus Automate operations tasks Tenanted deployments Services Premium support Enterprise support for Argo Technical Account Management GitOps certification Featured industries Financial services Retail Explore Documentation What's new Integrations Roadmap Downloads Start for free Book a demo Explore Customer stories Downloads Webinars Blog Publications DevOps handbook Trust and security Support Learn Free DevOps tools Continuous Delivery Kubernetes deployments Kubernetes management Continuous Deployment Platform Engineering DevOps CI/CD Software deployments DevOps metrics Feature flags Cloud deployments Careers Join us Company handbook Explore About us Contact us News and media Events Our partners Swag Contact us Contact sales Book a demo Contact support User Control Center Profile Sign out Octopus Deploy Continuous Delivery at any scale Octopus makes it easy to deliver software to Kubernetes, multi-cloud, on-prem infrastructure, and anywhere else. Automate the release, deployment, and operations of your software and AI workloads with a tool that can handle CD at scale in ways no other tool can. Start deploying for free Request a demo From commit to production, fully automated. See how it works Trusted by over 4,000 organizations How it works You already have a CI/CD tool. Why do you need Octopus? CI is not CD. Most all-in-one CI/CD tools aren't designed to handle the complexities of CD at scale. Octopus is, and it makes it simple. How CD works with most CI/CD tools At the start, most CI/CD tools can handle the basics. But as your applications evolve and become more complex, your deployment scripts become thousands of lines of code you need to manage.   All-in-one tools are still a box of parts that need building. They don’t ‘just work’. Tools like GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Gitlab CI, and TeamCity are great for CI Continuous Delivery (CD) functionality with these tools often means a basic ability to call a deployment script As you add more teams and applications, it becomes even more complex. Your 'all-in-one' CI/CD experience becomes CI with DIY shadow CD How CD works with Octopus Deploy Octopus takes over from your CI tool and handles the release, deployment, and operations of CD in advanced ways that no CI, homegrown, or infrastructure deployment tool can. Teams using Octopus actually look forward to deployment time. We believe deploying to production should be a non-event you can do anytime. Even on Fridays. Easily integrate with your favorite CI tool with Octopus Effortlessly scale deployments, automate repetitive tasks, and monitor deployment progress with real-time dashboards Ensure secure deployments with advanced encryption and access controls Get software to your customers faster and more reliably with enterprise-ready CD features Effortless scaling More releases Reduce risk Improve DevEx Increase security Effortless scaling Effortless scaling Deploy consistently, quickly, and without duplicating effort to thousands of locations or customers. Tenants let you use one deployment process for thousands of customers. See all your deployments at a glance on a single dashboard. KinderSystems completes 100+ customer-specific deployments in 2 hours using Octopus. Read KinderSystems story More releases More releases Deploy faster and more frequently to thousands of application hosts. Use one deployment process consistently across environments. Reduce time between build and deployment by automatically promoting releases. Use the deployment strategy that works for you, like rolling, blue/green, or canary. Skandia went from quarterly to 10,000 deployments per month with Octopus. Read Skandia's story Reduce risk Reduce risk Reduce deployment failure rate and mean time to recovery with automation built-in. Step timeouts and retries reduce manual intervention, while guided failure mode lets you keep deployments moving when needed. ⁠⁠Our Insights feature reveals your DevOps performance and areas that need attention based on the 4 key DORA metrics. Axpo reduced its error rate from 50% to almost zero with Octopus. Read Axpo's story Improve DevEx Improve DevEx Empower teams and let developers focus on building new features ⁠Create processes easily with our friendly UI and over 500 free step templates, or use command lines and scripts. Runbooks automate routine and emergency operations tasks, freeing your teams for more crucial work. SVEA has 250+ developers using Octopus to deploy to 750 projects multiple times a day. Read SVEA's story Increase security Increase security Built-in, flexible features to manage your security and compliance requirements. Use role-based access control (RBAC) to limit what users can do in Octopus. Configure ITSM approvals and OpenID Connect with popular providers for secure, compliant deployments. GiG achieved near zero change failure rate with Octopus. Read GiG's story Deploy, monitor, and troubleshoot Kubernetes and AI applications, all in one place Kubernetes is powerful but you can face challenges like managing environments and compliance, lack of pipeline visibility, tool switching, application health verification, and debugging. Octopus is built to model all the complexity of delivering software and AI workloads to Kubernetes - and anywhere else - at scale. One user-friendly tool for devs to deploy, verify, and troubleshoot their apps. Get the live status, deployment history, logs, and manifests for your applications across all clusters and environments. Save time with automated environment promotion and reusable processes. Use one deployment process for all environments. Enterprise-grade compliance features you need as you scale, with built-in RBAC, ITSM integrations, and audit logs. For folks using Argo CD, Octopus also automates GitOps deployments with Argo CD across environments, apps, and clusters with built-in compliance and a centralized dashboard. Learn more Octopus integrates with your existing DevOps tool stack Orchestrate and see the status of all your deployments in one place. Build servers Develop and build GitHub Jenkins Azure DevOps TeamCity Bamboo Codefresh Octopus Features Release orchestration Deployment automation Runbook automation Environment progression Tenanted deployments Integrations Kubernetes Argo AWS Azure Google Cloud Terraform Slack Copilot extensions Deployment targets Containers Kubernetes Docker Cloud-native services AWS Azure Google Cloud Infrastructure as Code Terraform Databases Databases Server environments Windows Java applications Linux Success stories Outcomes with Octopus 2,000% increase in deployment frequency KinderSystems needed to support cloud and on-premises deployments and reduce manual work. Read more 75,000+ deployments per month Derivco can deploy to production around 2,000 times per day with confidence. Read more Reduced downtime from 1 hour to 9.5 minutes Unily automated its deployment pipelines with Octopus and reduced downtime averages by 84%. Read more Get started Start with a free Octopus account or contact us for a demo. Start deploying for free Request a demo Platform Continuous Delivery platform Platform Hub AI Assistant Enterprise Support for Argo Help and support Contact Sales Support Upgrade Security and legal Community Slack Resources Documentation What's new Publications Blog DevOps handbook Our company About us Careers Roadmap Investor relations Brand guidelines Our awards Sign up to our newsletter Marketplaces Azure marketplace GitHub marketplace © 2025 Octopus Deploy Privacy Policy GDPR Terms Status