Effective Traffic Arbitrage with In-Page Push, Native, and Popunder Formats | OctoClick Blog Events Vacancies FAQ Formats Advertiser Publisher ru en en ru en Sign Up Sign In Buy & sell traffic Octoclick — advertising network with In-page Push, Native, Popunder formats, generating over 100 million impressions daily and covering over 120 GEOs. We offer high-conversion traffic for advertisers and proven monetization solutions for publishers. Quick start Video presentation Our benefits ADVERTISER ADVERTISER We help you effectively promote your projects and achieve your goals. Our tools allow you to attract the most relevant audience to solve your problems and increase the number of conversions. Direct cooperation with websites Variety of advertising formats Wide range of targeting options Payment models: CPM and CPC Convenient balance replenishment Go to platform Publisher Publisher Are you a website owner looking for effective ways to monetize your traffic? Join the OctoClick network and start earning today. We offer a wide range of features and tools to help you maximize the potential of your website. Auction-based monetization system A wide range of withdrawal methods 5 minutes from registration to traffic monetization Payments once a week and on request Advanced moderation Go to platform Formats In Page Push In-Page Push — is an improved type of notification for website visitors. No subscription is required to display ads. iOS users will also see them. $0.015 CPC $0.060 CPM 0.4% CTR Native Ads A native teaser integrates seamlessly into the design and content of the site on which it is placed, which helps attract the target audience and ensures a high CTR. $0.015 CPC $0.060 CPM 0.4% CTR Popunder Opening a tab with your ad directly on the website page. This is the ideal format for attracting and capturing the user's attention. $0.003 CPC $3.035 CPM In-Stream A video ad format using VAST technology, displayed in a video player and shown before, during, or after the main video content. The user is engaged, and attention to the ad is higher. $0.007 CPC $0.059 CPM 0.83% CTR Out-Stream Video ads that appear in a feed, article, or when scrolling through a page. Ads start automatically when they appear in the visible area, usually without sound and without disturbing the user. $0.007 CPC $0.059 CPM 0.83% CTR Video Pop-Up Video ads that pop up in the corner of the page and display over the main content. The ad remains on the screen when scrolling, ensuring consistent visibility. $0.007 CPC $0.059 CPM 0.83% CTR Our targeting tools Advanced targeting settings will allow you to reach the exact audience that perfectly matches the goals of your project Traffic volume In-Page Push Popunder Teasers Desktop ru 0,0 M in 0,0 M ua 0,0 M kz 0,0 M by 0,0 M eg 0,0 M Mobile ru 0,0 M in 0 M ua 0,0 M kz 0,0 M by 0,0 M eg 0 M Desktop us 0,0 M uz 0,0 M de 0,0 M fr 0 K th 0 K pl 0 K Mobile us 0 K uz 0 K de 0 K fr 0 K th 0 K pl 0 K Partners Events To the webmaster To the advertiser What is traffic arbitrage in simple terms? Who are arbitrageurs and what do they do? Why choose Octoclick ad network for business promotion? How is arbitrage different from CPA marketing? What traffic is available to advertisers on Octoclick? How to start traffic arbitrage without experience? How to place an offer on the Octoclick advertising network? How does offer moderation work in an advertising network? What are the risks involved in traffic arbitrage? What analytics tools do advertisers have? How are webmasters paid in the advertising network? Start now Quick start Rules Questions and Answers Traffic volume BTC Tether Wmz YouTube Instagram Blog Vacancies Excellent 4.2 оf 5 Publisher @octoclick_pub_chat General channel @octoclick Blog vc.ru OctoClick — Blog vc.ru Technical Support support@octoclick.com Company address Boumpoulinas 1, 3rd floor, Flat/Office 31, 1060, Nicosia, Cyprus © 2026 OctoClick