Odds Comparison, Sports Betting Odds | OddsPortal OddsPortal - Your Source for Betting Odds and Odds Comparison OddsPortal is your go-to platform for comparing betting odds from leading bookmakers. Whether you're betting on local leagues or international tournaments, our website helps you find the top odds to increase your chances of winning. Your ultimate source for live odds, betting markets, and real-time comparison of odds from top bookmakers worldwide We provide the latest odds across a wide variety of sports and markets. Whether you're a seasoned bettor or new to sports betting, our odds comparison tool helps you make informed decisions and secure the best possible returns. Why Use OddsPortal? OddsPortal gives you all that you could need for an enhanced betting experience, and to ensure that you receive the biggest payouts possible on your bets. Primarily, you will get the best sports betting odds from our recommended online bookmakers, and this can be enjoyed across multiple sports and markets, pre-match and in-play, while you can also appreciate the convenience of the tools through your mobile device. Get the Best Betting Odds First and foremost, we guarantee that you get the best betting odds for whichever sport or market you are looking to bet on. Ranging from betting on the top divisions to smaller leagues or events, you will find sports betting odds for all types of tournaments. Thanks to odds comparisons from the best online bookmakers, we ensure that players are getting the best betting odds, which will result in a bigger payout if their bet is to win. Compare Odds Across Multiple Bookmakers Whichever region you are playing from, there are multiple bookmakers with odds for each of the sporting events and the betting markets available on our site. This means that you can compare odds across several bookmakers to get the best betting odds for single bets, or combinations. With the real-time odds comparison we have on offer, you can quickly find the best betting odds for the sports and specific event or events you are interested in wagering on, whether they are in-play or yet to start. Access to Multiple Sports & Betting Markets There are 20 sports available for you to choose from to find odds comparisons on OddsPortal, with numerous markets available for each of them, including both individual matches and outrights. Betting markets and odds comparison can be found for all of the most well-known sports like football , tennis and basketball , but also for more niche sports like Aussie rules, futsal, and more. Stay Updated with Live Scores and Results In addition to pre-match markets being available, you can also find live odds and keep up to date with live scores in your favourite leagues or tournaments. Our fast real time data provides you with live scores immediately after a goal is scored, point is won, or basket is scored. Having all of this information at your fingertips, and live odds available for matches in-play, enables you to alter your pre-match bets with the best odds available, or lock in some value during a match. Our results and standings pages allow you to keep track of competitions on a match by match basis, and how they are performing over the season. Mobile-Friendly You can explore and enjoy odds comparison on your mobile device, allowing you to place wagers with the best betting odds from anywhere. Whether you are at home or on the go, our dynamic, live odds are available on OddsPortal both pre-match and in-play. Moreover, to ensure you are placing your bets with all the information you need, we have mobile-friendly results and standings pages that give you a better indication of previous form for teams or players. Elevate Your Sports Betting Game With Oddsportal’s Betting Tools OddsPortal has a number of betting tips and tools that might help bring attention to some interesting markets you may have never thought about betting on before, ensuring to bring you the best betting odds as always. Dropping Odds The dropping odds page demonstrates when a team, player, or market’s odds have dropped before the start of a match. This will provide you better visibility about when an online bookmaker might be reducing odds due to circumstances only they are aware of ahead of a match, essentially giving you some betting tips. You can also filter the page to see dropping odds from the last hour, 12 hours, or 24 hours, the percentage of bookies who have dropping odds, and a particular market you might be interested in betting on. Value Bets If you are looking strictly for value and a way to get ahead of the bookmakers, the value bets page provides you with some bets with mathematically calculated value. The odds of a bookmaker are compared with the total average odds of the same outcome to illustrate markets with unique value, and probability also included. Sure Bets Our sure bets page is exactly what you would imagine, a way for you to win guaranteed profit, or sure money, by betting on two different outcomes. You can see the calculated stakes for each outcome by entering how much you want to wager in total, and the profit you will make. Blocked Odds On the blocked odds page, you will be able to see matches or markets that online bookmakers are no longer providing odds for, which you can use to your advantage with betting sites that have yet to remove odds or notice changes in the market. Bet Calculator Perfect for those of you who are new to sports betting, our bet calculator will demonstrate the payout of your bet if you are unsure of how sports betting odds work. This could be for a simple single bet, accumulator, and by decimal, fractional, or American odds depending on your preference. Results A great betting tool is to check back on archived results for the teams or players involved in the match you are looking to bet on, and we offer that across all of the leagues and tournaments worldwide. The best betting odds are provided for those results too, indicating who might be of value heading into their next match based on recent form. Standings We have all of the standings available for you in one place for all of the football leagues worldwide, both the top leagues and even the small, local leagues. Head to our standings page to pick out the league you are interested in and see how the table currently looks, with you also being able to filter to see home form, away form, and over a specific amount of matches. Wide Range of Sports & Leagues Available for Betting Whichever sport you are looking to bet on, OddsPortal has an extensive list of markets and odds available for each of them. Providing odds comparisons for the biggest and smallest leagues and tournaments in the world, you can bet with better knowledge and using the best odds from our recommended online bookmakers. Show more Football Odds Regardless of which league you are interested in, OddsPortal has football betting odds for anything that you are looking for. Providing a detailed perspective on each individual match with H2H, predictions, and match facts, while you can also find detailed standings, form and results for each league worldwide, you have everything you could require for an enhanced betting experience on football. Develop an understanding of what other users are predicting for football matches in our match detail, while our stat based match facts can help you consider the form and trends for certain teams. Odds can be found for all of the upcoming matches and outrights for the top leagues and tournaments such as: Premier League Bundesliga La Liga Serie A Ligue 1 Champions League For all in-play matches on football, you can see live score updates with the real-time date available on the live odds page, providing odds comparisons for all matches worldwide as the goals fly in. Basketball Odds Vastly improve your betting experience on basketball with OddsPortal by finding the best odds for all individual matches and outrights, as well as being able to discover all of the recent results and odds in which teams won or lost at. Sports betting odds and betting markets are available on our site for all of the basketball tournaments worldwide, including: NBA Super Lig LNB Elite Euroleague Find data that provides results and standings for each league dating back years, with betting odds available too. Use all of our tools for betting on basketball odds today and get the best betting odds thanks to the odds comparisons for all of the available matches and outrights. Tennis Odds You can significantly enhance your tennis betting experience with OddsPortal by discovering the best odds for individual matches and outright winners, as well as accessing up-to-date results and odds from previous matches where players have triumphed or fallen short. Our platform provides comprehensive sports betting odds and markets for tennis tournaments across the globe. Whether it's Grand Slam events like Wimbledon , the US Open , the Australian Open , or prestigious tours such as the ATP and WTA, you’ll find odds for every major competition. Additionally, you can also dive into historical data with results and standings for past tournaments spanning years, alongside the corresponding betting odds before you make the most of our powerful tools, and secure the best betting odds with our comparisons for all available tennis matchups and outright markets. Hockey Odds For those interested in hockey betting , you can quickly access the best odds for individual games and outright winners, along with recent results and betting odds for matches where teams triumphed or fell short. Our platform provides an extensive range of sports betting odds and markets for hockey tournaments worldwide, covering top competitions such as the NHL, SHL, and many other events, elevating your hockey betting experience by giving you the best odds. We also have in-depth data that includes historical results and standings for each league, with betting odds available for both past and present games. Take advantage of our tools to place your bets on hockey and get the most competitive odds as a consequence of our comparison feature, offering the best odds for every available game and outright market through the best online bookmakers. American Football Odds OddsPortal offers a wide range of betting markets and odds for American football, especially for major leagues like the NFL and NCAA . Some common betting markets include moneyline, point spreads, over/under, and outrights. Each of these markets features odds comparisons from multiple sportsbooks to help users find the best available odds. The platform also provides historical data on past games, including results and odds trends. If you'd like to explore more directly, visit the American football page to see the latest odds and betting options for upcoming matches and outrights. Cricket Odds From the largest leagues and tournaments like the Australian Big Bash League and IPL to the Ashes or T20 World Cup, OddsPortal gives you an extensive selection of betting odds and markets for cricket betting. With historical data through the years for all those tournaments, showing results and sports betting odds, you can bet on cricket with an in-depth knowledge of each event. Most importantly, you can find the best betting odds from our recommended online bookmakers to improve your betting experience, but also form, H2H results, and more. Discover cricket odds with us today and enjoy wagering on the sport with more expertise than ever before thanks to the detailed information available through our tools. Other sports available The above sports are some of the most popular on OddsPortal, but you can also find many others available if you aren’t engrossed by them. You can find markets and sports betting odds for the likes of boxing or MMA , with big fights always on the horizon and added to our site as soon as bookmakers make odds available. Similarly, if you keep up with the rugby union or rugby league seasons, then we have all of the tools to elevate your betting strategies on those sports too. In addition to that, odds can be found for other sports like baseball , volleyball , Aussie rules , esports , and more too. Find the Best Betting Sites to Bet on If you are someone who is new to sports betting, we can guarantee that you are being provided with the best online bookmakers in your region. The reason why we can say they are the best online betting sites is because we make sure to conduct our research on each and every bookmaker we recommend, and ensure they’re providing our players with security and value by joining them. For greater detail about each of the online betting sites we have available, you can find bookmaker reviews for each one detailing their pros and cons, and advanced features they have to offer players. Moreover, if you are a new customer with any of our suggested online bookmakers, you can click the link for any of them in our bonus offers page to earn yourself some funds to use for sports betting after you sign up. It’s incredibly important to us that our players are receiving the best odds and odds quality to make their betting experience better than ever before. OddsPortal Expands Its Global Presence OddsPortal is now available in other regions around the world, with designated languages available for those countries. Some of the other sites where you can enjoy odds comparison and the best betting odds in your preferred language are shown below: https://www.oddsagora.com.br/ https://www.centroquote.it/ https://www.oddsportal.com/pl/ Explore OddsPortal Today and Experience the Future of Sports Betting With results, standings, bet predictions, and the best betting odds, you can enjoy placing wagers and improve betting strategies with greater knowledge on any sport than ever before with OddsPortal. Be a part of the future of sports betting by regularly obtaining the best odds for all of your bets through our comparisons from the best online bookmakers for an extensive list of markets across several different events. Explore live betting odds today and elevate your betting experience with detailed knowledge of each and every sport and its betting markets, as well as earning yourself the best possible returns for each wager you make. football Premier League LaLiga EA Sports Serie A Bundesliga Ligue 1 Champions League Europa League Europa Conference League tennis ATP US Open ATP French Open ATP Wimbledon ATP Australian Open WTA US Open WTA French Open WTA Wimbledon WTA Australian Open basketball NBA NCAA EuroLeague Super Lig LNB Lega A BBL ACB other NFL NHL MLB Big Bash League AFL SHL NPB IPL popular now Saudi Professional League UEFA Nations League World Championship 2026 EuroBasket Eredivisie Esports Darts Premier League Copa Libertadores Oddsportal Terms of Use Privacy policy GDPR FAQ Contact Impressum Set privacy Recommended sites Bonus Offers Bookmakers News Set privacy Recommended sites Bonus Offers Bookmakers News partners SoccerVista Betexplorer FCTables Tribalfootball Copyright © 2008-2025 Oddsportal.com