Samtycke
Information
Om
Denna webbplats använder cookies
Vi använder enhetsidentifierare för att anpassa innehållet och annonserna till användarna, tillhandahålla funktioner för sociala medier och analysera vår trafik. Vi vidarebefordrar även sådana identifierare och annan information från din enhet till de sociala medier och annons- och analysföretag som vi samarbetar med. Dessa kan i sin tur kombinera informationen med annan information som du har tillhandahållit eller som de har samlat in när du har använt deras tjänster.
Consent Selection
Nödvändig
Inställningar
Statistik
Marknadsföring
Avvisa
Tillåt urval
Tillåt alla
Skip to content
New here? We'll help you move from your current host for free
 English
Contact Us
Prices excl. VAT 
Web Hosting
Server
Cloud
Domains
Website
More
Blog & News
About Us
Support
Login
Premium hosting for your website

Since 1998, we’ve been the company of choice for secure, stable, and environmentally friendly hosting of websites and applications. Welcome to Oderland and the best web hosting experience you’ve had.

Get startedOur hosting packages

The best hosting you’ve experienced

Want a faster and more stable website?

Take your website or app to the next level. Oderland gives you the technology platform that allows you to build exceptional digital experiences.

Super fast

Your visitors aren’t sitting around waiting for your website to load. Don’t let costs spiral out of control – try our platform and experience the difference.

Premium support

Our team of experts is available every day to help you solve your problems and answer your questions. You can easily reach them via chat, phone or e-mail.

Stability

You don’t pay us for your website to be unavailable. We take stability very seriously, and our uptime of 99.99% over the last year proves it. That’s less than one hour in total over the course of a year.

Explore plans and pricing

Data-driven premium quality you can rely on

Reliability and stability are essential. Let the numbers speak for themselves.

99.99 %

Is our total uptime over the last 12 months.

30 %

is how much faster our customers’ websites get, on average, in our hosting environment.

30 000+

others have already chosen to rely on Oderland to power their websites and apps.

Hosting for apps and websites
Reliable, secure, and scalable servers
Do more, not less, with powerful addons
You’re in great company
Hosting optimized for WooCommerce and WordPress

WooCommerce is the world’s leading e-commerce platform built on the popular WordPress. Our servers are optimized for an optimal WordPress and WooCommerce experience.

Web Hosting for WordPress

Features for world-class experiences

At Oderland, you’ll find that a lot is included in all our packages. From advanced technology that makes your website faster and more secure to tools your developers will love.

General
Performance
Developers
Unlimited websites

Add as many domains and websites as you like to your account, as long as it’s within your resources.

E-mail accounts and webmail

Professionally receive emails on an unlimited number of email addresses on your domains. Access via webmail or in your favorite client.

Daily backups

We automatically take backups for databases, files and emails. Our backups are immutable: they cannot be deleted or modified. Safe, fast recovery and lower risk.

More on our backups
Scanning for antivirus and malware

All our servers have advanced technology from Imunify360 that detects and protects you from various types of attacks.

1-click installation

Install over 450 different applications with a single click from the control panel. You’ll find WordPress, Prestashop and more.

Automatic SSL Certificates

Keep your websites secure with automatic, free SSL certificates.

Monitoring around the clock

Our technical team monitors all servers around the clock. This ensures world-class availability and uptime for you.

Cache

A good cache layer is the icing on the cake for a fast website. With us you always have access to both Memcached and Redis.

Manage Traffic Spikes

In all our hosting packages, you can flexibly scale your resources up and down at any time. Perfect for temporary peaks in traffic.

Expanded memory (RAM)

Modern systems need more memory to run fast. Whatever you choose, you’ll have plenty of memory. Perhaps the best in the business.

LiteSpeed

Smart features and integrations make it easy for you. With your website on our LiteSpeed platform, you’ll notice the difference right away.

Support for large applications

Ready-made cache modules are available for WordPress, Magento, PrestaShop and Drupal, among others. You’ll be up and running in just a few clicks.

Integration between server and application

Tight integration between the server and your applications makes your website or e-commerce even faster.

Dynamic content cache

Manage personalised content on public pages seamlessly with Edge Side Includes (ESI).

Smart cache update

Smart rules ensure that visitors always see up-to-date content.

Device-based rules

Cache multiple views of the same page seamlessly with custom rules based on user-agent.

Version control with git

All our hosting packages and servers always include built-in support for git and version control.

Several cache options

A good cache layer is the icing on the cake for a fast website. With us you always have access to both Memcached and Redis.

wp-cli & drush

Are you developing for WordPress or Drupal? Then you’ll love always having access to command line tools.

SSH

Conveniently manage your application and run scripts securely via SSH. Accessible to everyone on all packages and servers.

Code profiling and debugging

Profile and debug your code with profiling tools for PHP and MySQL. Support for New Relic and xdebug.

Python, Ruby & Node.js

Not only do our servers support PHP, but also Python, Ruby and Node.js. Simply what you’d expect from modern technology.

Latest news from Oderland

General

New prices from January 15, 2026

We are changing the prices for several of our services from January 15, 2026.

15 December 2025

News

New opening hours for our support

Our support hours are changing in order to provide better support when our customers need it most.

8 September 2025

News, WooCommerce, WordPress

What’s New for Woocommerce 10.0 – 5 Great Features in the Latest Update

The latest update to WooCommerce includes several new features that will come in handy in your online store.

8 July 2025

Services

Web Hosting
Domains
Managed Server
Cloud
Microsoft 365 Business
More Services

Solutions

Agency
E-Commerce
Businesses
Managed WordPress
Developers
WooCommerce
WordPress
LiteSpeed Hosting
Elastic Scaling
Create Website

Oderland

About Us
Data Centers
Environmental Work
Partners
Work with Us
Terms and Policies

Support & Resources

Help & Support
Status
Guides
Client area
Register new account
Oderland Webbhotell AB Kungsgatan 56 411 08 Gothenburg, Sweden
Org. no: 556680-8746 VAT no: SE556680874601 Bankgiro: 611-7535

Oderland Webbhotell AB is registered for F-tax.