ODI
        | ODI: Think change ODI Logo ODI Read this page in Search French Trending: Sudan Israel-Gaza crisis COP30 Trending Sudan Israel-Gaza crisis COP30 Our Programmes Climate and Sustainability Development and Public Finance Digital Societies Gender Equality and Social Inclusion Global Risks and Resilience Humanitarian Policy Group International Economic Development Group Politics and Governance ODI Global About us Our work Our experts Our impact Browse Insights and podcasts Events Publications Careers More ODI Europe ODI Global Washington ODI Global Advisory Fellowship scheme Search Enter something to search for Search Newsletter Sign up to our newsletter. Follow ODI Podcast Bluesky Threads Linkedin Youtube ODI Global in conversation with Francesca Albanese Francesca Albanese, UN Special Rapporteur on the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, joins ODI Global Chief Executive Sara Pantuliano to scrutinise the current situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, and what concrete political, legal and moral shifts are urgently required. Watch the event COP30 nature agenda: modest wins, missed opportunities, and the urgent case for coherent action CDKN is showing that when decision-making and resources flow to local actors, they protect both people and planet; living proof that a just and nature-positive future is already taking root. Read more UNSCR 1325 revisited: what avenues for progress on Women, Peace and Security 25 years on? This piece reflects the main takeaways and policy recommendations from 40 experts who came together to mark 25 years since the adoption of UN Security Council Resolution 1325 on Women, Peace and Security. Read more Navigating the politics of backlash to sexual & reproductive health & rights Following an in-depth political economy analysis of three policy initiatives with significant consequences for gender equality and reproductive rights in Kenya, Sierra Leone and The Gambia, this policy brief distils essential lessons for both national and international actors wanting to advance progressive reforms. Read more ODI Global in conversation with Francesca Albanese Francesca Albanese, UN Special Rapporteur on the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, joins ODI Global Chief Executive Sara Pantuliano to scrutinise the current situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, and what concrete political, legal and moral shifts are urgently required. Watch the event COP30 nature agenda: modest wins, missed opportunities, and the urgent case for coherent action CDKN is showing that when decision-making and resources flow to local actors, they protect both people and planet; living proof that a just and nature-positive future is already taking root. Read more UNSCR 1325 revisited: what avenues for progress on Women, Peace and Security 25 years on? This piece reflects the main takeaways and policy recommendations from 40 experts who came together to mark 25 years since the adoption of UN Security Council Resolution 1325 on Women, Peace and Security. Read more Navigating the politics of backlash to sexual & reproductive health & rights Following an in-depth political economy analysis of three policy initiatives with significant consequences for gender equality and reproductive rights in Kenya, Sierra Leone and The Gambia, this policy brief distils essential lessons for both national and international actors wanting to advance progressive reforms. Read more ODI Global in conversation with Francesca Albanese COP30 nature agenda: modest wins, missed opportunities, and the urgent case for coherent action UNSCR 1325 revisited: what avenues for progress on Women, Peace and Security 25 years on? Navigating the politics of backlash to sexual & reproductive health & rights ODI Global in conversation with Francesca Albanese COP30 nature agenda: modest wins, missed opportunities, and the urgent case for coherent action UNSCR 1325 revisited: what avenues for progress on Women, Peace and Security 25 years on? Navigating the politics of backlash to sexual & reproductive health & rights ODI Global in conversation with Francesca Albanese Francesca Albanese, UN Special Rapporteur on the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, joins ODI Global Chief Executive Sara Pantuliano to scrutinise the current situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, and what concrete political, legal and moral shifts are urgently required. Watch the event COP30 nature agenda: modest wins, missed opportunities, and the urgent case for coherent action CDKN is showing that when decision-making and resources flow to local actors, they protect both people and planet; living proof that a just and nature-positive future is already taking root. Read more UNSCR 1325 revisited: what avenues for progress on Women, Peace and Security 25 years on? This piece reflects the main takeaways and policy recommendations from 40 experts who came together to mark 25 years since the adoption of UN Security Council Resolution 1325 on Women, Peace and Security. Read more Navigating the politics of backlash to sexual & reproductive health & rights Following an in-depth political economy analysis of three policy initiatives with significant consequences for gender equality and reproductive rights in Kenya, Sierra Leone and The Gambia, this policy brief distils essential lessons for both national and international actors wanting to advance progressive reforms. Read more Latest content Small Islands Big Picture episode 21: Drama and decisions - was COP30 a win for Small Islands? 22 December 2025 -
                Podcast Can feminist foreign policy go the distance? Overdue reflections following the fourth ministerial conference 19 December 2025 -
                Expert comment Donors In A Post-Aid World December 2025 update 16 December 2025 -
                Expert comment Reframing aid narratives in protracted crises 16 December 2025 -
                Expert comment Our impact At ODI Global, we turn bold ideas, evidence and broad expertise into actionable advice to confront global challenges. Five case studies highlight how we have been driving positive change across a range of critical issues. Find out more Think Change Podcast Featured Episode: Think Change episode 87: What trends will shape 2026? Guests unpack how aid cuts, AI acceleration, geopolitical fragmentation and rising conflict are reshaping global politics, development and democracy and what these forces mean for multilateral cooperation and collective action in 2026. Listen Now More Episodes Events 25 Feb 2026 - Upcoming event Financing in Protracted Crises: Lessons from Education, Health, and Social Protection This event will bring together a variety of actors and implementers working across education, health, and social protection to identify best practices and ways forward. Read more Watch back – Chinese power investments in Africa: lessons from South Africa and Zambia 18 November 2025 -
                Event Watch back – The security we need: rebalancing military spending for a sustainable and peaceful future 12 November 2025 -
                Event Watch back – Bridging climate and trade policy: Africa’s road from ACS2 to COP30 and MC14 12 November 2025 -
                Event Watch back – Exploring new narratives for aid in the context of the EU’s strategic agenda 12 November 2025 -
                Event Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletters Stay up to date with ODI Global research, insights and events on your topics of interest. We only use your email address to send you the newsletter and to see how many people are opening our emails. Please read our full privacy policy . Sign up About us Leadership Governance Finances Press Terms and statements Contact © 2025 ODI Global. CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 . ODI Global is a registered charity (number 228248).