Otago Daily Times Online News | Otago, South Island, New Zealand & International News Skip to main content ... Toggle navigation Dunedin 16 | 12 Wednesday, Wed, 31 December Dec 2025 Subscribe Send us news & photos Search form Search News Local Body Elections Dunedin DCC Crime Campus Health The Star The South Today National The Star International Opinion Editorial Opinion 100 years ago Southern Say Australia Politics ODTtv Your News Slideshow Section Sport Rugby Cricket Basketball Racing Football Netball League Golf Motorsport Hockey Other Sport Life & Style Food & Wine Fresh Christmas Edition Ask a Chef News & Features Chef's Garden Recipes Wine Reviews Home & Garden Magazine Toitū te whenua Resilient Travel Fashion Design for Living Entertainment ODT Quiz Film Music Theatre Books Arts Gaming Dance Television Business Regions Queenstown Wānaka Central Otago North Otago South Otago Southland Canterbury West Coast Features Grand Business South Awards Build Buy Renovate NZIA Southern Series SOREC Explore Dunedin Drivesouth Reviews Design for Living Education Guide Healthcare Providers Conferences and Venues Sponsored content Southern Television Health and Beauty Video Rural life Search form Search Search Send Us Your News ... Contact Us Email Facebook Plus Jobs Wedding Guide Death Notices Privacy Policy Drive South Weather Media Council Complaints SUBSCRIBER Pub’s new avian mascot comes home to roost A googly-eyed rooster riding astride a motorcycle is among the latest additions in a Dunedin pub’s nearly $800,000 makeover. New pub owners get locals’ support In just two weeks, the new owners of the Luggate Hotel have changed the menu, opened the restaurant, hired staff and purchased a courtesy coach. One dead, one seriously hurt after crash near Kaikōura One dead, one seriously hurt after crash near Kaikōura Updated 11.42 am One person is dead and another seriously injured after a crash that has left State Highway 1 partially blocked north of Kaikōura. Seven new Knights and Dames in New Year Honours Seven new Knights and Dames in New Year Honours Seven new Knights and Dames have been named on the 2026 New Year Honours list. SUBSCRIBER Landfill’s impact on lagoon likely ‘toxic’ SUBSCRIBER Landfill’s impact on lagoon likely ‘toxic’ A historic landfill is likely having a "toxic impact" on the troubled Kaikorai Lagoon, documents show. ODT quiz: December 31 New Year Honours 2026 - the full list SUBSCRIBER Keeping the city pumping Magic moments: December 31 dunedin SUBSCRIBER Millionaire’s luxury superyacht moored in Dunedin Fancy a week-long cruise around New Zealand with your family on a chartered super-yacht? No ‘ODT’ tomorrow No ‘ODT’ tomorrow There will be no publication of the Otago Daily Times tomorrow, New Year’s Day. Recognition credited to all who gave time to projects Recognition credited to all who gave time to projects Graeme Elliot is a humble man, and when he found out about receiving a New Year Honour, the chief emotion felt was "embarrassment". SUBSCRIBER Friendship as important as music at folk festival SUBSCRIBER Friendship as important as music at folk festival Dunedin's renowned, now half-a-century-old Whare Flat Folk Festival had, and still very much has, "a family atmosphere", a former organiser says. regions Knighthood for Xero founder ‘humbling’ Rod Drury jokes that when he gained school certificate at high school in Hawke’s Bay, he became the highest-educated Drury in the family’s history. SUBSCRIBER Going 2000km to feed the hungry SUBSCRIBER Going 2000km to feed the hungry Walking from Bluff to Cape Reinga is an act of service that a Salvation Army officer hopes will shine a light on food insecurity across the country. High demand in Naseby prompts conserve water notice High demand in Naseby prompts conserve water notice High demand for water in Naseby during the holiday season has led to the Central Otago District  Council issuing a conserve water notice. Enduring impact on Queenstown Enduring impact on Queenstown Today's visitors and residents to Queenstown have much to thank Glenorchy’s Richard Kennett for. National Hastings woman 'killed in unique way': police Police investigating the murder of a Hastings woman in October say the killing was committed "in a unique way". One dead, one seriously hurt after crash near Kaikōura One dead, one seriously hurt after crash near Kaikōura Updated 11.42 am One person is dead and another seriously injured after a crash that has left State Highway 1 partially blocked north of Kaikōura. One dead in overnight crash in Waikato One dead in overnight crash in Waikato One person has died following a single-vehicle crash in Waikato early today. Seven new Knights and Dames in New Year Honours Seven new Knights and Dames in New Year Honours Seven new Knights and Dames have been named on the 2026 New Year Honours list. SUBSCRIBER 'Think of the chaos if the mine comes' Worked over sport Former Australian cricketer Damien Martyn in induced coma Australia's cricket community is rallying around Damien Martyn after the cricket great was hospitalised suddenly in Brisbane. SUBSCRIBER Phillips superb as Volts triumph SUBSCRIBER Phillips superb as Volts triumph It would not strictly be true to say right-handed batter Glenn Phillips led the Volts to victory at Molyneux Park yesterday. Motorsport star Scott Dixon races way to knighthood Motorsport star Scott Dixon races way to knighthood Scott Dixon has raced his way to a knighthood in the latest distinction of an illustrious motorsport career. SUBSCRIBER Sparks strike again in Super Smash with fine win over Hinds SUBSCRIBER Sparks strike again in Super Smash with fine win over Hinds One young prospect and one old(er) hand guided the Sparks to a second straight win in the Super Smash yesterday. Beetroot and onion pakoras with coriander and mint raita Badass double beef and bacon burger Prawn skewers with zucchini, lime and chilli Feeding the soul with flowers and food Business Succession planning can be tricky but starting the conversation vital I bet this is the unspoken script around many family barbecues this summer: Gull, NPD merger should bring fuel prices down - AA Gull, NPD merger should bring fuel prices down - AA The Automobile Association believes a proposed merger between two fuel companies should drive down pump prices. SUBSCRIBER Fewer ships, drop-off sites affect trade SUBSCRIBER Fewer ships, drop-off sites affect trade Dunedin retailers say they have their fingers crossed for a busy cruise ship week ahead following a season that has been "pretty average" so far. Tourism business ‘extremely distressed’ by road closures Tourism business ‘extremely distressed’ by road closures A Marlborough Sounds tourism operator is “extremely distressed” by restricted access road closures, leaving them cut off from customers at the start of the peak summer season. Rural Life Call for cameras in shearing sheds Animal rights advocates are calling for cameras in shearing sheds, saying "welfare training" for shearers is not enough to stop sheep being mistreated. Barrelling onwards to first Barrelling onwards to first Felicity Montgomery rounds the final barrel on her way to winning the Junior Barrel Racing at the Omarama Rodeo yesterday. Govt and shearing industry announce $75k animal welfare scheme Govt and shearing industry announce $75k animal welfare scheme The government and the shearing industry have announced a $75,000 programme to improve animal welfare in the industry. Canterbury council 'put on notice' over discharges Canterbury council 'put on notice' over discharges A court has ruled Canterbury's regional council erred when it allowed farms to discharge nitrates and other pollution without consents, but stopped short of ordering it to change the rule. Life  & style SUBSCRIBER Keeping the city pumping Every day, hundreds of students pass this inconspicuous little building in Union St. John Lewis finds out its function. SUBSCRIBER Celtics represent everything great about NBA SUBSCRIBER Celtics represent everything great about NBA Many sports fans support teams that represent their region. SUBSCRIBER Giant leap forward with glowing fanfare SUBSCRIBER Giant leap forward with glowing fanfare In a six-part series, Mike Houlahan looks back at how the Otago Daily Times covered burning issues of yesteryear. Today he looks at how the newspaper saluted the first New Zealand woman to win an... SUBSCRIBER A quiet place for forgiveness SUBSCRIBER A quiet place for forgiveness The Catholic confessional ritual has a few intricacies that are not all that obvious. Mark John spoke to the Bishop of Dunedin, the Most Rev Michael Dooley to learn... LIFESTYLE & ENTERTAINMENT Brigitte Bardot dies at 91 SUBSCRIBER Outside the box SUBSCRIBER Still got it, after all these years... SUBSCRIBER Under fire in an old chicken coop World Aussies urged to celebrate New Year amid heightened security Hope instead of hate will be the focus for Australians as they prepare to ring in the new year at live sites across the country. Thieves make off with millions in German bank vault heist Thieves make off with millions in German bank vault heist Thieves drilled their way into the vault of a German retail bank and made off with at least 10 million euros' worth of money and valuables from customers' deposit boxes. Motorsport star Scott Dixon races way to knighthood Motorsport star Scott Dixon races way to knighthood Scott Dixon has raced his way to a knighthood in the latest distinction of an illustrious motorsport career. Prepping to party Prepping to party People throw confetti on a platform while organisers of the upcoming ball drop on New Year’s Eve do a confetti test in Times Square, New York, yesterday. Opinion SUBSCRIBER Holding on to hope The countdown to any new year comes with mixed emotions. SUBSCRIBER Cartoonist’s view — Yeo SUBSCRIBER Cartoonist’s view — Yeo Shaun Yeo's best of 2025. SUBSCRIBER Letters to the Editor: debt, dumpsters and drugs SUBSCRIBER Letters to the Editor: debt, dumpsters and drugs Today's Letters to the Editor from readers cover topics including getting our debt crisis under control, the ethics of dumpster diving, and the argument for drug reform in NZ. What price preservation of endangered geckos? What price preservation of endangered geckos? Why not sell jewelled geckos Gerrard Eckhoff writes. Latest News Former Australian cricketer Damien Martyn in induced coma Hastings woman 'killed in unique way': police Updated 11.42 am One dead, one seriously hurt after crash near Kaikōura High demand in Naseby prompts conserve water notice Aussies urged to celebrate New Year amid heightened security One dead in overnight crash in Waikato Dunedin Santa Parade 2025 & Carols Foodbanks appeal for help beyond Christmas Guerrilla gardening gets positive response Mt Cook climbers 'buried by unsurvivable avalanche' Snoozing sea lion gives St Clair mum a fright Most Popular New pub owners get locals’ support Updated 11.42 am One dead, one seriously hurt after crash near Kaikōura Fishing equipment seized by ranger Seven new Knights and Dames in New Year Honours SUBSCRIBER Pub’s new avian mascot comes home to roost Hastings woman 'killed in unique way': police Editors' Picks Aim to ensure wife’s life ‘was not a waste’ SUBSCRIBER ‘I’m just not prepared to be put off and put off’ for surgery SUBSCRIBER Sandcastle strategy a ‘winner’ for family SUBSCRIBER Injured trainer ‘thrilled’ to be back, see horse take cup 100 Years Ago... SUBSCRIBER School marks jubilee one year late SUBSCRIBER Cyclists looking back SUBSCRIBER Whalers where they wanted to be Contact Us Contribute Facebook Subscribe Subscriber Benefits Terms & Conditions Stops, Starts & Redirects FAQs About us Contact us Site feedback Send us your news About us Privacy Policy Media Council Complaints AI use Removals policy Our Websites Allied Media Allied Productions Newspapers ODT E-edition The Star - Christchurch Oamaru Mail The Star - Dunedin The News - Central Otago The Ensign - Gore Ashburton Courier North Canterbury News Southland Express - Invercargill Southern Rural Life Central Rural Life The Courier - Timaru Mountain Scene - Queenstown Property Times South Canterbury Extra! School Publication Clutha Leader Bay Harbour News Selwyn Times The Wanaka Sun Classifieds Death notices Drivesouth Jobs Classified Advertising Advertise Upload print advertising Advertising Terms Advertise with us Services Allied Productions ODT Store Otago Images Corporate Logos Magazines Classic Driver Dunedin Guide Drivesouth Best Motor Buys Explore Dunedin Home & Leisure Kiwi Gardener Kiwi Gardener Quarterly Rugby News South 03 Magazine With this Ring © Copyright Allied Press Limited 2025. All rights reserved.