Best Maths Tuition Singapore | Unique Approach With Our Proprietary Math Curriculum + 24/7 Unlimited Math E-Learning system Skip to content About Menu Toggle Math-gical Tuition Agency Our Math Tutors Proprietary Math Curriculum Schedules and Fees FAQ OMT E-Learning Menu Toggle Sec 1 Online Math Course Sec 2 Online Math Course Sec 3 E-Math Online Course Sec 3 A-Math Online Course Sec 4 E-Math Online Course Sec 4 A-Math Online Course JC 1 H2 Math Online Course JC 2 H2 Math Online Course Maths Tuition Menu Toggle Primary School Math Tuition Singapore Menu Toggle Primary 1 Math Tuition Primary 2 Math Tuition Primary 3 Math Tuition Primary 4 Math Tuition Primary 5 Math Tuition Primary 6 Math Tuition Secondary School Math Tuition Singapore Menu Toggle Secondary 1 Math Tuition Secondary 2 Math Tuition Secondary 3 Math Tuition Secondary 4 Math Tuition Junior College Math Tuition Singapore Menu Toggle Junior College 1 Math Tuition Junior College 2 Math Tuition E Math Tuition A Math Tuition H2 Math Tuition Crash Courses Math TV Menu Toggle Sec 1 Math Exam Papers Sec 2 Math Exam Papers Sec 3 A Math Exam Papers Sec 3 E Math Exam Papers Sec 4 A Math Exam Papers Sec 4 E Math Exam Papers H2 Math Exam Papers Blog Menu Toggle Advice for parents Advice for students List of Primary Schools in Singapore List of Secondary Schools in Singapore List of Junior Colleges in Singapore Contact Account Menu Toggle Login My Courses Main Menu About Menu Toggle Math-gical Tuition Agency Our Math Tutors Proprietary Math Curriculum Schedules and Fees FAQ OMT E-Learning Menu Toggle Sec 1 Online Math Course Sec 2 Online Math Course Sec 3 E-Math Online Course Sec 3 A-Math Online Course Sec 4 E-Math Online Course Sec 4 A-Math Online Course JC 1 H2 Math Online Course JC 2 H2 Math Online Course Maths Tuition Menu Toggle Primary School Math Tuition Singapore Menu Toggle Primary 1 Math Tuition Primary 2 Math Tuition Primary 3 Math Tuition Primary 4 Math Tuition Primary 5 Math Tuition Primary 6 Math Tuition Secondary School Math Tuition Singapore Menu Toggle Secondary 1 Math Tuition Secondary 2 Math Tuition Secondary 3 Math Tuition Secondary 4 Math Tuition Junior College Math Tuition Singapore Menu Toggle Junior College 1 Math Tuition Junior College 2 Math Tuition E Math Tuition A Math Tuition H2 Math Tuition Crash Courses Math TV Menu Toggle Sec 1 Math Exam Papers Sec 2 Math Exam Papers Sec 3 A Math Exam Papers Sec 3 E Math Exam Papers Sec 4 A Math Exam Papers Sec 4 E Math Exam Papers H2 Math Exam Papers Blog Menu Toggle Advice for parents Advice for students List of Primary Schools in Singapore List of Secondary Schools in Singapore List of Junior Colleges in Singapore Contact Account Menu Toggle Login My Courses Welcome to Odyssey Math : School of Math Sorcery At Odyssey Math Tuition (OMT), we turn numbers into wonders and formulas into powerful spells of understanding. Our enchanted math tuition lessons help students grasp even the trickiest math concepts with clarity and confidence. With every math tuition class, we unlock the hidden magic within your child—one equation at a time, one math tuition class at a time empowered by OMT’s unlimited 24/7 math tuition e-learning system Buy Online Math Tuition Courses Enrolled Students Can Learn G3 Math/H2 Math easily our simplified math online videos, for free. We have heard of parents paying a lot for online lessons. Here, our online math lessons are complimentary for our enrolled students. For real. 0 + Hours of Development, Specially Curated For Our Math Students 0 + Math Topical Videos, Topical Mock Papers, Exams and Crash Courses for Secondary Math (G2/G3/IP) 0 + Math Topical Videos, Topical Mock Papers and Exams For H2 Math Discover the Unique OMT Math Curriculum We believe in turning every student into math wizards by inspiring the love for math. OMT is proud to be a math tuition center that created our own custom math curriculum to complement MOE’s math syllabus. The proprietary OMT Math Curriculum is a student-centered math curriculum designed by Mr. Justin Tan , emphasizing clarity, comprehensive coverage, and a passion for teaching math effectively. More On Our Custom Math Curriculum We Create - Learn - Grow Everyday! At Odyssey Math, we foster a dynamic math tuition environment where students create, learn, and grow daily. Our engaging math tuition lessons and supportive community inspire a lifelong passion for mathematics. We strive to turn every student at our math tuition agency into mathematics wizards! Buy Online Math Tuition Course Here One Of The Most Dedicated Math Tuition Agency in Singapore The Nurturing & Caring Environment For Your Child At Odyssey Math, we believe that every child thrives in an environment where they feel safe, supported, and encouraged. Our math tuition classrooms are thoughtfully designed to promote curiosity, resilience, and confidence. With small math tuition class sizes and a personalized approach, our math tutors build strong relationships with students, recognizing their individual strengths and helping them overcome challenges. We go beyond academics to create a culture of kindness and mutual respect, where students are not only guided by expert educators but are also inspired to become independent thinkers and lifelong learners. In this caring space, your child won’t just learn math—they’ll learn to believe in themselves. Omt’s 24/7 Math Elearning System Math Tuition Beyond Tuition Classes At Odyssey Math, we have everything needed to give your child an edge. With qualified tutors and proprietary e-learning portal where students can recap math content online anytime and anywhere, join us for the Odyssey Math experience. Students can take and re-take math tuition lessons on specific topics 24/7 via our math tuition e-learning system Review Any Math Topic, Anytime Struggling with algebra? Need to revisit trigonometry? No problem. OMT’s Math Tuition eLearning lets students retake entire math courses or specific math topics as many times as needed. From introductory videos to topical tests, our online math tuition system empowers students to master weak areas through repetition and review. Whether your child learns quickly or needs a slower, more guided approach, OMT’s Math Tuition eLearning system is thoughtfully designed to support every type of learner. Students are no longer restricted by fixed class schedules—instead, they have the freedom to access lessons anytime, anywhere. With unlimited replays of every math topic, they can review challenging math concepts as many times as needed until they fully understand. Self-paced online learning (24/7 unlimited math tuition) allows them to move forward only when they’re ready, while personalized feedback and detailed progress tracking help them stay on the right path. The online e-learning system also integrates seamlessly with on-site math tuition support options, providing a safety net for students who may need additional guidance. With 24/7 access to quality math courses, your child gains the flexibility, confidence, and control to take ownership of their math learning journey. Practice, Practice, and more Practice! We believe that consistent practice is the foundation of mathematical success. OMT’s online math tuition platform includes: Intro Videos Topical Quizzes Question Bank Exam Tips More Time on Math At Student's Own Pace Better Understanding Of Mathematics The more time students engage with math, the better they understand it. That’s why our onsite math tuition + off-site 24/7 unlimited math tuition e-learning system can empower each student to learn at their own pace and re-learn any math topics to reinforce weak areas. Unlimited learning hours Study on your own schedule, anytime and as often as needed—perfect for busy students or late-night learners. Customizable revision plans Create study paths that focus on weak areas or upcoming exams, ensuring time is spent where it matters most. Full access to learning materials Get complete access to videos, worksheets, quizzes, and solutions from Day 1—no hidden locks or paywalls. Mr. justin Tan - Principal Math Tutor Justin Tan is the Principal Math Tutor and founder of Odyssey Math Tuition , a premier math tuition & education center in Singapore. With over a decade of experience, he has been helping secondary and junior college students excel in O- and A-Level mathematics through both personalized one-to-one math tuition sessions and focused group classes. He started Odyssey Math in 2013 while still a student at the National University of Singapore, driven by a passion for teaching and a commitment to helping students improve their results. OMT Principal Math Tutor As the Principal Math Tutor, Justin personally leads the academic direction of the program, ensuring each student receives high-quality instruction and tailored support. Under his leadership, Odyssey Math Tuition is entering a new phase of growth, with a brand refresh, a new + bigger physical center opening in September 2025, and the launch of standalone math tuition e-learning courses in 2025. Justin is also at the forefront of integrating technology and AI into math tuition + education, aiming to personalize math learning and make top-tier math support more accessible to students across Singapore. Math Made Simple – From Primary to Junior College Primary, Secondary, and JC Maths Tuition in Singapore Odyssey Math Tuition provides comprehensive support for students from Primary School , Secondary School to Junior College levels. Through small group classes, we ensure each student receives personalized guidance tailored to their learning pace and needs. Our tuition programmes are designed to strengthen foundational skills, reinforce key concepts, and build exam readiness across all levels—from PSLE to O-Level and A-Level . We are committed to offering high-quality, affordable tuition that supports both academic success and family budgets. With a strong passion for teaching, we believe every student can excel in math with the right support and environment. Primary Math Tuition Set the right foundation early. Our Primary Math classes are designed to strengthen core concepts like model drawing, fractions, and word problem-solving. With engaging lessons and step-by-step guidance, we help students build confidence, improve accuracy, and prepare effectively for major exams like the PSLE. Primary 5 Primary 6 Secondary Math Tuition Turn confusion into clarity. Whether it’s E-Math or A-Math, our Secondary Math programme targets common problem areas such as algebra, geometry, and trigonometry. We focus on building strong conceptual understanding, exam skills, and time management techniques to help students perform well in class tests and the O-Level exams. Secondary 1 Secondary 2 Secondary 3 Secondary 4 Junior College H2 Math Tuition Tackle complex math with confidence. Our JC Math tuition supports both H1 and H2 students through in-depth explanations, worked examples, and targeted practice. From functions to calculus to statistics, we break down tough concepts and provide proven exam strategies—helping students stay ahead in lectures, tutorials, and A-Level exams. Junior College 1 Junior College 2 Whats Inluded In Our Math Tuition Custom Courses? Our math teaching method breaks down complex math concepts into simple, digestible steps. With guided math tuition video lessons based on OMT’s proprietary math curriculum, hands-on math practice, and real-world examples, students don’t just memorise—they understand and love math. It’s not just about getting the right answer, it’s about building true confidence in math. We offer a unique math tuition course curriculum catered to students to improve their math grades Full-Year Access Get unlimited 24/7 access to all math course
materials for 12 months—learn at
your own pace. Practise Math beyond tuition hours! Step-by-Step Video Lessons Clear, guided explanations for
every math topic to help students grasp
key math concepts with OMT's Proprietary Math Curriculum. Practice Worksheets & Solutions Printable math exercises with detailed
answers to reinforce learning and
boost confidence. This is the Odssey Math Tuition difference Revision Quizzes Topic-based math quizzes to test
understanding and track progress via Odyssey Math Tuition's 24/7 Unlimited Math E-Learning System Recorded Lessons Rewatch any math tuition lesson anytime for
easy revision or to catch up on
missed topics. Each student can focus on their strengths and weaknesses with Odyssey Math Tuition's E-Learning System 24/7 What Our Students Have to Say about Odyssey Math Tuition Mr Tan is very dedicated in teaching A and E Math. I am able to ask questions related to mathematics and will be able to get a reply asap. Notes and questions provided are scaled to the student's personal standards. My understanding of Additional and Elementary Math has made a lot of improvements under his teaching by being able to cope better with this subject. Vernasa Secondary Student Mr Tan is a very approachable, friendly and patient tutor. His teachings are easily understandable, clear and helpful. Whenever i face problems or have difficulties, he will be there to guide me and ensure that i fully understand my doubts before continuing. The math questions he provided are unique and helpful in allowing me to understand the concepts better. His math tuition has allowed me to understand mathematics better. Beyvlen Koh Secondary Student In Mr Tan's math tuition, he go through his math lessons with a lot of details. I enjoyed the way he explain questions, especially when he use several methods to explain the solutions. He will provide alternative solutions for us to understand the questions better. The questions he provided allow me to have a good grasp of the math concepts. The pace of his explanation allows me to understand better. Thank you Mr Tan! Yun Tian Yi Secondary Student Mr Tan is very knowledgeable in mathematics and he is very efficient in teaching his students. Even though i only spent a few sessions with him just before my O level, i have already learnt what i needed to learn based on the syllabus. I get to clarify my doubts and misconceptions in mathematics with him and he is able to answer me quickly. I would highly recommend everyone to try out his math tuition. Algernon Quek Secondary Student The math questions provided are well thought-out and it is up to the standard for average students. After practicing the questions, Mr Tan will explain every questions patiently and make sure i understand not just the solutions but also the process of tackling the questions. He is always willing to answer any inquiries. Thank you so much Mr Tan! Teo Yi Hao Secondary Student Before going for Mr Tan's math tuition, i had a lot of doubts about the sessions. After going for his sessions, it was the best decision ever made. He is a really nice teacher who is patient in teaching. From my point of view, he teaches really well and his explanation is clear and concise. I could feel that our improvement in math grades will be his greatest achievement. He always does his best in teaching and make sure that we understand the concepts better. I would recommend students to join his lessons. Muhammad Kabir Secondary Student Mr Tan is a very approachable math tutor. He knows how to teach in a very unique way that helps us students understand the topic better. His sessions are always very engaging which also allows me to understand the topic better. This also allows me to tackle math questions efficiently. I would recommend students to join Mr Tan's math sessions. Mr Tan knows not only how to guide students, he knows how to rationalize our thought process. I am thankful that i came for his classes! Thank you Mr Tan! Muhammad Harris Secondary Student Odyssey Math Tuition is a premier math tuition agency in Singapore, offering both in-person tuition and online math tuition for students from Primary 1 to 6, Secondary 1 to 4 & Junior College 1 to 2. With our custom math curriculum and 24/7 math tuition e-learning system, students are equipped with all the necessary tools to excel in mathematics Learn More About OMT Singapore Math Specialist Math Tuition Singapore Sec 1 Math Tuition Sec 2 Math Tuition E Math Tuition A Math Tuition H2 Math Tuition Visit Us Odyssey Math Tuition Pte. Ltd. (Best Math Tuition & Math Online E-Learning Courses in Singapore) 160 Changi Rd, #01-02 Hexacube, Singapore 419728 Wave your wand at Odyssey Math Tuition, where we offer the finest math tuition Singapore has for students from primary to JC! Our caring math tutors guide young learners to become true Math Wizards, turning tricky numbers into fun adventures. (Math Wizards means smart kids who love math!) As a trusted math tuition agency, we provide flexible online math tuition that fits busy schedules—perfect for parents and students alike. With MOE-aligned lessons, 24/7 e-learning access, and a dash of Math-gic (our fun way to make math easy), watch grades soar and confidence grow. Ready to unlock the magic? Join our Wizard School of Math today and experience the difference in math tuition Singapore! Copyright © 2025 Odyssey Math Tuition Pte. Ltd. | Best Math Tuition + Math Tutor + 24/7 Unlimited Online Math Tuition E-learning System. We offer Primary 1 Math Tuition , Primary 2 Math Tuition , Primary 3 Math Tuition , Primary 4 Math Tuition , Primary 5 Math Tuition , Primary 6 (PSLE) Math Tutition , Secondary 1 Math Tuition , Secondary 2 Math Tuition , Secondary 3 Math Tuition , Secondary 4 Math Tuition , Junior College 1 Math Tuition , Junior College 2 Math Tuition | Singapore Primary Schools | Singapore Secondary Schools | Singapore Junior Colleges | Top Primary School Math Tuition + Secondary School Math Tuition + Junior College Math Tuition | Join Our Telegram Group Now! Odyssey Math Tuition Offers Math Tuition Bedok | Math Tuition Kembangan | Math Tuition Eunos | Math Tuition Paya Lebar | Math Tuition Marine Parade | Math Tuition Parkway Parade | Math Tuition East Coast | Math Tuition Kallang | Math Tuition Siglap Subscribe To Our Online Math Tuition Courses Here Login Username or Email Address Password Remember Me Lost Your Password?