Home | Officer The Leader in Products, Technology and Innovation Product Guide Forums Command/HQ Vehicles & Fleet Tactical Sections Product Guide Forums Command/HQ Vehicles & Fleet Tactical On the Street Training & Careers Investigations Technology Special OFFICER Magazine Podcasts OFFICER Virtual Academy OFFICER Labs Original Content Station Design Webinars Featured Videos Honoring the Fallen Contact About Us Contact Us By Contributor Advertise Subscribe to Magazine Subscribe to Newsletter Follow us on https://www.facebook.com/officercom https://www.instagram.com/officercom_media/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/officer-com https://twitter.com/officercom https://www.youtube.com/@OfficercomSC Tampa, FL, Police Department | Upper Allen Township, PA, Police Department | Cabarrus County, NC, Sheriff's Office Podcasts Our Favorite Feel-Good Police Stories of 2025 Feature Hugs, Angels and 'Stolen' Ice Cream This special podcast episode looks back at the feel-good law enforcement stories of 2025, sharing examples of officers' compassion and kindness that will have you grabbing a tissue... ID 82887756 © Marek Uliasz | Dreamstime.com Blogs Achieving Sustainable New Year’s Resolutions for Police Officers: A Guide for Better Living and Working Body Cameras Watch Ga. Police Officers Chase Suspect across Course in Golf Carts ID 262006081 ©  Wirestock | Dreamstime.com Command/HQ More NYPD Officers to Patrol Times Square New Year's Eve Celebration Investigations Feds: Undercover NYPD Officer on Instagram Helps Catch Texas ISIS Sympathizer in Bomb-Making Plot Trending Video: Fleeing Fugitive Fires on Houston Police Officers in Intense Parking Lot Shootout Watch Shootout Erupt at Walmart Between Ariz. Police, Gunman Man with Several Guns Opens Fire in Idaho Sheriff's Office Lobby, Injuring Officer, 2 Civilans Sign up for our eNewsletters Get the latest news and updates Sign Up Latest Hillsborough County, FL, Sheriff’s Office | New Mexico State Police | Newton County, GA, Sheriff's Office Podcasts OFFICER's Favorite Heroic Police Stories of 2025: Daring Rescues, Caring Help and a Tale of Survival Valor and heroism come in many forms, and OFFICER spotlights our favorites in 2025, including a daring hostage rescue, help for a homeless couple and an officer's survival and... Dec. 31, 2025 ID 243515292 ©  Noracarol | Dreamstime.com On the Street How New Year's Resolutions for Police Officers Can Benefit Law Enforcement Agencies It's that time of year when many people are making resolutions aimed at self-improvement. That's a good opportunity for police departments to use individual officer goals to achieve... Dec. 30, 2025 Houston Police Department Body Cameras Video:  Fleeing Fugitive Fires on Houston Police Officers in Intense Parking Lot Shootout A suspect who had skipped sentencing for a 2024 offense fled a traffic stop and crashed his vehicle before exchanging gunfire with Houston police officers in a parking lot. Dec. 30, 2025 Syracuse.com On the Street N.Y. Police Officer, Firefighter Team Up to Revive Severely Injured Woman Outside Burning House After finding an unresponsive woman who apparently jumped from a burning house, a Syracuse police officer was joined by a passing veteran firefighter, and they performed CPR for... Dec. 30, 2025 Learning Resources Sponsored Next-Gen 3D Forensics: Reconstructing Shooting Incidents with FARO Zone Discover how cutting-edge 3D technology is transforming shooting incident reconstructions. Join FARO and Officer.com to see how FARO® Zone 3D software helps law enforcement document... Dec. 2, 2025 Sponsored How Real-Time Crime Centers Make Cities Safer Learn how to deploy a successful real-time crime center in your city with the right planning, technology, and partnerships. Aug. 18, 2025 Sponsored Police Fleet Maintenance and Management Guide Today's wealth of data offers opportunities for police departments to maximize efficiency, transparency and accountability. Read this ebook to learn how fleet solutions support... Aug. 12, 2025 Sponsored Data-Driven Policing Ebook: Optimizing Fleets with Technology Read this ebook to learn how fleet management solutions revolutionize policing. Learn to optimize your police fleet, enhance officer safety and boost community trust with data... Aug. 12, 2025 Video View More Hiring & Promotion NBA Legend Shaquille O'Neal to Help Texas Police Recruit Pass Exam after Falling Short by a Point The current NBA analyst has agreed to cover a Kemah police recruit's living expenses for several months so he can prepare to retake the state exam, which he missed passing by ... Dec. 30, 2025 Technology SoToxa Device Helps San Diego Police Test Suspected Impaired Drivers During Traffic Stops San Diego police have been using the handheld SoToxa device during traffic stops since October, testing a driver's saliva to quickly detect several types of drugs. Dec. 30, 2025 Body Cameras Video: Calif. Police Follow DUI Suspect's 'Water Trail' after Shearing Off Fire Hydrant in Crash Fullerton police caught a "soggy suspect" who fled on foot after shearing off a fire hydrant in a crash and creating a "massive geyser of water." Dec. 29, 2025 Station Design Man with Several Guns Opens Fire in Idaho Sheriff's Office Lobby, Injuring Officer, 2 Civilans A 77-year-old gunman was fatally shot after he entered the lobby of the Shoshone County Sheriff's Office in Wallace, injuring an officer and two women. Dec. 29, 2025 Roll Call Podcast View More Magazine View More November/December 2025 Subscribe Digital Edition Archives Renew Original Content View More Photo: Robert Marvulli Tactical Pelvic Girdle Shots: Are They Effective Ways to Stop Threats? Firearms training for some law enforcement officers suggest targeting the pelvic girdle when a center mass shot isn't an option. But this unlikely target just below the midsection... Dec. 30, 2025 Frank Borelli Firearms The Evolution of Firearms and Accessories Never Slows Down The industry is driven by consumer demand and engineering creativity. Dec. 30, 2025 ID 24375823 © Dtfoxfoto | Dreamstime.com Vehicles & Fleet How Badly Does Your Agency Neglect EVOC? Why Regular Police Road Training is Vital for Officers If you’re not training emergency vehicle operations annually, you’re opening your agency to some large potential liability challenges. Dec. 29, 2025 Tennessee Highway Patrol Body Cameras Watch Tenn. Trooper's Dramatic Grab to Rescue Woman Threatening to Jump Off Bridge over River Body camera footage captured a daring rescue by a Tennessee Highway Patrol trooper, who grabbed a woman in distress standing on the ledge of a bridge over the Holston River and... Dec. 29, 2025 Officer Labs View More Mission First Tactical Holsters OFFICER Labs: Guardian Duty Holster Keeps Your Firearm Secure Until It's Needed Testing it over the course of the week, the Guardian Duty Holster exhibited zero challenges with holstering or presenting the weapon during testing, both with and without a mounted... Dec. 22, 2025 Urban SDK Traffic OFFICER Labs: Urban SDK Offers Police Smart Traffic Management What if you could have actionable evidence in just minutes? The Urban SDK system provides instant insights into speeding and traffic violations, helping police effectively deploy... Nov. 17, 2025 Photo: Frank Borelli/OFFICER Media Group Firearm Accessories OFFICER Labs: Glock/Aimpoint COA Combo Ideal for On-, Off-Duty Concealed Carry Scenarios Between the small profile of the sight itself combined with this unique mounting system, the Glock/COA combo is perfect for plainclothes or off-duty use. Oct. 21, 2025 Computers & Software OFFICER Labs: Vector Solutions Scheduling Solves Personnel Headaches for Police Departments The scheduling solution was designed by former and active public safety personnel who understand the potential challenges of scheduling for different shifts, assignments, locations... Oct. 14, 2025 Honoring the Fallen View More Blount County, TN, Sheriff's Office Honoring the Fallen Tenn. Sheriff's Deputy Out on Patrol Killed in Single-Vehicle Crash Blount County Sheriff's Deputy Justin Mowery, who had been with the agency since 2020 and served on the SWAT team, was involved in a fatal single-vehicle crash at an intersection... Dec. 29, 2025 Delaware State Police Honoring the Fallen Barstool Sports Founder Raises Money for Slain Del. Trooper's Family as Community Mourns David Portnoy, the founder of Barstool Sports, is selling merchandise as part of a fundraising campaign for the family of Delaware State Police Cpl. Matthew "Ty" Snook, who was... Dec. 26, 2025 Honoring the Fallen Del. State Police Trooper Killed in Active Shooter Incident at DMV A Delaware State Police trooper and a suspect were both dead following an active shooter incident that happened at a Division of Motor Vehicles branch in Minquadale. Dec. 24, 2025 Washington State Patrol Honoring the Fallen Police: 2 Vehicles Struck Wash. Trooper Killed at Crash Scene Washington State Patrol Trooper Tara-Marysa Guting was investigating a collision in Tacoma when she was struck by a vehicle and thrown into traffic before being struck by a second... Dec. 22, 2025 OFFICER Media Group's mission is to provide the most valuable and reliable information available for law enforcement news, training, operations and innovations. Through our website, electronic newsletters, magazine, virtual academy and other multimedia channels, we are the best and most informative source for law enforcement professionals. Newsletters The top stories, industry insights and relevant research, assembled by our editors and delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Connect Follow us for the latest industry news and insights. https://www.facebook.com/officercom https://www.instagram.com/officercom_media/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/officer-com https://twitter.com/officercom https://www.youtube.com/@OfficercomSC About Us Advertise Do Not Sell or Share Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2026 All rights reserved.