Create your official link - official.link No data available Install our app 🪄 or click on the icon in the top right of the address bar. Directory Sign in Sign up Create and connect your web, links, pages, products, services and more. official.link/ Create an official link for all the other links. One Link. Infinite Destinations. Welcome to the ultimate toolkit for your digital identity. The official.link platform is your central hub to build beautiful biolink pages, host custom static websites, generate dynamic QR codes & vCards, and understand your audience with powerful, built-in analytics—all with the powerful no-code and low-code solutions. Unleash your creativity with complete control. Customize your page's background with your own HTML, CSS, and JS , or simply use a striking video or image. Add unlimited blocks to link and showcase all your important content—social media profiles, posts, products, services, and anything else you want to share. Go beyond just linking. Track your page's performance with in-depth analytics directly from your dashboard to understand your audience. Working with a team? Invite members to manage your account securely with our built-in team collaboration system . We are currently in public beta! Before getting started, please review our name and brand policies . You have full control over your privacy—easily hide your link from our public directory at any time, or add password protection for exclusive access. Why official.link? Create a single landing page for all your important links, files, events and more. Share your official link with your clients, followers, subscribers, friends, and family; it's easy to remember. Drive traffic to your website, products, content, social media and more. Customize your official link page with your own branding Track the performance of your official link page with analytics official.link/y?u Officially Yours. @YourLinkName Only share what you ever wanted to share with the world! My Website My Portfolio Latest Project Book a Consultation My Newsletter My Online Store My YouTube Channel My Blog What is official.link? "official.link" is a domain (TLD) that acts as an official link directory for linking links and lets people and businesses create landing pages with no code or low code options. Why do I need an official.link? With some basic and advanced customization, an official link in the official link directory connects all the other links, projects, social posts, and feeds inside a dedicated landing page. This makes it possible to manage business and personal landing page experiences in one place and track the stats and growth of the links and pages from the dashboard. Having everything in one space is a wonderful thing! Sharing one link with clients, friends, and family could be a better option. How to get started with an account? To get started with an account at official.link, there is a registration process through signup. Step 1: Click or tap the "Register" or "Get Started" button. Step 2: Fill in the details. Step 3: Confirm the email address with the account activation link. For direct signup, continue with your Google account, such as Gmail or Workspace Mail. How to create a link with official.link? To create a link with official.link, first, log in to your account. Once logged in, visit Dashboard, scroll down, click/tap on "Create Link," select Link Type, and start creating. How many links can I create with the official link directory? With a free individual account, 02 biolinks and 01 HTML/CSS/JS-based static web link page can be created with the official link directory. Can I optimize my official.link page for search engines? Yes! You can easily customize the SEO title, description, and keywords for each of your official.link pages. Simply go to your dashboard, click or tap on three dots next to your link, Edit, then navigate to Settings to find the SEO options. You can add multiple keywords by separating them with a comma. How do I verify my link with official.link? The link verification process is currently in development. We are working to create a secure and reliable system for our users. We will share an update on our website and social media channels as soon as it's ready. What is statistics retention data with official.link? Statistics data retention is the process of keeping track of information about clicks, countries, locations, devices, referrers, browsers, operating systems, and visitor languages on the dashboard of bio links and static sites at official.link. Measuring clicks and statistics is useful for determining how an official link page is expanding. The growth of your connections with various networks and search engines is essential, as it provides important insights into your priorities. [email protected] ? To support our free service, we display advertisements on link pages. Users with an O+ account will enjoy a completely ad-free experience. How do I get an official Plus or a custom plan with official.link? To obtain a custom plan or an official Plus (O+) plan with official.link, please contact us by visiting our contact us page. If the feature and functions are available and ready to go, get an early access pass to it. contact Total Active Links 21,676 Tracked pageviews 35,803,523+ Tracking pixels All the links easily integrate with any of the following pixel providers. Start Creating Today! Let's get started! Bio link pages Create your own unique & highly customizable bio link page with ease. Custom colors & branding Tons of ready-to-use components SEO settings Password protection, sensitive content warning Countless pre-made templates & themes Host Your Design Get your custom-coded link page with just an upload. HTML, CSS, JS, Video / Audio files. Analytics, Private (Password Protected) / Public (Default) Automated tracking pixels and much more... QR Codes Fully featured QR code generator system with easy to use templates. Custom colors with gradients Custom logo & background branding Multiple QR shapes to choose from Customizable QR Code Frames Vcard, WiFi, Calendar, Location..etc templates Built-in analytics Easy to understand, yet detailed analytics for all your links. Continents, Countries & cities Referrers & UTMs Devices & operating systems Browsers, Languages GDPR, CCPA and PECR compliant Projects Total Links Created 22K+ QR Codes 327+ Tracked pageviews 36M+ Tracking pixels All the links easily integrate with any of the following pixel providers. Facebook Google Analytics Google Tag Manager LinkedIn Pinterest X Quora TikTok Snapchat Get started Start using the swiss army knife for the marketers. Sign up Latest blog posts SEO Success: Data & Creation Discover how to combine Semrush’s powerful live metrics with official.link’s link creation services. Unleash Your Creativity: Build Your Dream Static Website Dynamic web link pages with a simple static landing page, example of HTML Links, web landing pages with this example l/page. Boost Your Channel: Create Your Powerful YouTube Subscribe Link Learn how to create effective YouTube subscribe links to significantly boost your channel's growth. Copyright © 2025 official.link. Blog Contact Cookies official.link Beta Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Report a violation Keywords & Brand Name Policy Third Party Ad Network About official.link.