OfficeFootballPool: Pool Hosting for Football, Golf, Basketball and More Our sites Log In Join a Pool Log In NFL season is here! Organize contests and play your friends 6.5M+ Users 600K+ Contests played 1B+ Picks made You now have more ways to play. Continue playing for entertainment only, or upgrade to our new offering, Splash, where we collect entry fees and pay out the winners for your private contest. Start a contest Join a public contest * Participation in real-money contests requires age and jurisdiction eligibility. Website statistics include all brands in the Splash family. Ready to play with real money? Time to upgrade your contest to Splash No Prohibited by law Play for real money? Yes Play for entertainment only? Organize games for your friends and community Hassle-free entry fee collection Automated, customizable prize payouts $ per player in your pool Simple fee structure % on entry fees processed Play on OFP Play on Splash Play / Run contests for ca$h prizes NFL Tiers NFL Survivor NFL Pick-X CFB Bowl Pick-X NBA Tiers Golf One & Done Golf Tiers How Splash Works Start Your Contest Choose your game type and customize your settings. You can move your existing contest over or start a new one in just a few clicks. Invite Your Group Send out your invite link and get your friends or group to join your contest on your own customizable Commissioner Hub. Splash Collects Entry Fees When players join, we will give them the option to enter the contest via debit or credit card, ACH, Paypal or Venmo (coming soon). Splash pays out winners and rewards you We will hold the prize pot, score the contest and pay out winners quickly and securely. AND, you get rewarded for running your contests. Play / Run contests for fun Football Football Golf Golf Bowls Playoffs Regular Season Basketball Basketball Baseball Baseball Bowls Playoffs Regular Season Soccer Soccer Nascar Nascar Hockey Hockey Why 2M+ Users Love Our Pools Easy Setup Your pool will be up and running in minutes, ready to invite members. No Obligation Run your pool for free through the first week of the season. Configuration Options Lots of scoring and configuration options for the Administrator. Online Pick Sheets Members make picks online using our bullet-proof pick sheets. Automatic Deadlines Picks are locked down at the beginning of each week of games. Real-time Updating Standings and reports will be updated as games end. Detailed Reporting Pick summaries, weekly and year-to-date leaderboard, and more. Private Message Board Post your rules, trash talk, and communicate with other members What Our Fans Say At season end, they were all very impressed, and loved the real-time updates, standings, transparency of picks, and the various tools you offer. Tim J. You’ve turned this into a spectacular site over the years Take care, 
Kevin Barber It’s unbelievable how anyone can tailor your site to meet the rules of their league. If only everything worked as well as your site. Scott B Office Football Pool If you're looking to play against your friends for real money, try Splash . Age and eligibility restrictions apply INFORMATION FAQ Contact Website Join Website Sitemap Terms of Service Privacy Statement About Us Testimonials SPORTS POOLS Football Pick'em Pools Football Survivor Pools Football Share Pools Football One And Done Golf Salary Cap Fantasy Golf One And Done Golf Survivor NCAA March Madness Pools 2025 RunYourOfficePools, LLC | WEB64 Entertainment Only Website