Ofsted - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations Ofsted Find an inspection report Parents: give Ofsted your views on your child’s school Ofsted: explore an area Schools and further education information Childcare and early years information Social care information Become a childcare provider Become a children's social care provider or manager Featured 11 December 2025 — Press release Support for children with SEND who are not in school is inconsistent, inspectorates warn A report by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission (CQC) finds that support for children with special educational needs and/or disabilities (SEND) who do not attend school full-time is too inconsistent. 2 December 2025 — Press release Ofsted annual report warns against ‘profiteering’ in children’s homes sector Annual report sees great work being done by education and care professionals but there are concerns about the rapid growth in children’s homes, and outcomes for disadvantaged and vulnerable children remain poorer than their peers. 27 November 2025 — Press release Ofsted confirms removal of headline judgement for inspections of local authorities’ children’s services Ofsted has today announced plans to reform inspections of local authorities’ children’s services across 2026 and 2027. 27 November 2025 — Speech Martyn Oliver's speech at the 2025 National Children and Adult Services Conference Sir Martyn Oliver, Ofsted’s Chief Inspector, spoke at the annual National Children and Adult Services Conference in Bournemouth. 20 November 2025 — Speech Martyn Oliver's speech at the Schools and Academies Show Sir Martyn Oliver, Ofsted’s Chief Inspector, spoke at the Schools and Academies Show in Birmingham. 9 September 2025 — Consultation outcome Improving the way Ofsted inspects education We asked parents, carers, professionals and learners what they thought about our proposals to improve education inspections and our new report cards for providers. Latest from Ofsted Ofsted Academy 19 December 2025 Guidance Ofsted workforce management information: 2025 19 December 2025 Transparency data Ofsted: non-consolidated performance-related payments 19 December 2025 Transparency data See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do Ofsted is the Office for Standards in Education, Children’s Services and Skills. We inspect services providing education and skills for learners of all ages. We also inspect and regulate services that care for children and young people. Ofsted is a non-ministerial department. Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on Ofsted on Twitter (opens in new tab) Follow on Childminder registration on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on Ofsted on YouTube (opens in new tab) Follow on Ofsted on LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Follow on Developments in education inspection blog (opens in new tab) Follow on Developments in social care inspection blog (opens in new tab) Follow on Developments in early years blog (opens in new tab) Follow on Ofsted's podcast, 'Ofsted Talks' (opens in new tab) Follow on Ofsted newsletter (opens in new tab) Follow on Ofsted on Slideshare (opens in new tab) Documents Services Find an Ofsted inspection report Complain about a school See all services Guidance and regulation School inspection: toolkit, operating guides and information 5 November 2025 Guidance Tell Ofsted about a serious incident in a children’s home or secure children’s home 26 October 2023 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Support for children with SEND who are not in school is inconsistent, inspectorates warn 11 December 2025 Press release Ofsted annual report warns against ‘profiteering’ in children’s homes sector 2 December 2025 Press release See all news and communications Research and statistics The experiences of children with SEND who are not in school: a thematic review 11 December 2025 Research and analysis State-funded school inspections and outcomes: management information 10 December 2025 Statistical data set See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Improving the way Ofsted inspects education 9 September 2025 Consultation outcome Services for children and vulnerable adults: information sharing by inspectorates 18 July 2025 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases Ofsted workforce management information: 2025 19 December 2025 Transparency data Ofsted: non-consolidated performance-related payments 19 December 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our management Sir Martyn Oliver His Majesty’s Chief Inspector Matthew Coffey CB Deputy His Majesty’s Chief Inspector and Chief Operating Officer Lee Owston National Director, Education Rory Gribbell Director, Strategy and Engagement Caroline Dulon Regional Director, London and South East Katrina Gueli Regional Director, North East, Yorkshire and Humber Yvette Stanley National Director, Regulation and Social Care James McNeillie Regional Director, South West and West Midlands Matthew Purves National Director, Ofsted Academy Neil Greenwood National Director, Digital and Operations Louise Grainger Chief Financial Officer Andrew Cook National Director, Delivery Lucia Wilde Director, People Mike Sheridan Regional Director, East of England and East Midlands Jonathan Smart Regional Director, North West Jason Bradbury Interim Director, Insights and Research Contact Ofsted Complaints about schools Contact: Complaints about schools Complaints about other providers Ofsted inspects Contact: Complaints about other providers Ofsted inspects Contact Ofsted about concerns Email CIE@ofsted.gov.uk Contact Ofsted about concerns 0300 123 4666 Please contact your local council or call local police on 101 if you're worried about a child who is at risk of being harmed. If the child is in immediate danger, call police on 999. Our helpline is open from 9am to 5pm (Monday to Friday). Are you a provider? If so, please use the online notification forms below. Early years providers: tell Ofsted about an incident Contact: Early years providers: tell Ofsted about an incident Social care providers: tell Ofsted about an incident Contact: Social care providers: tell Ofsted about an incident General enquiries Email enquiries@ofsted.gov.uk Contact: General enquiries General enquiries 0300 123 1231 Our helpline is open from 9am to 5pm (Monday to Friday). If you have difficulties hearing or speaking on the phone, you can use the Next Generation Text Service. Are you a provider who wants to tell us about an incident? If so, please use the online notification forms above. Request an Ofsted speaker Contact: Request an Ofsted speaker Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request . Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. FOI requests for Ofsted Email informationrequest@ofsted.gov.uk Corporate information Accessible documents policy Complaints procedure Equality and diversity Media enquiries Our governance Research at Ofsted Statistics at Ofsted Jobs and contracts Working for Ofsted Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme . Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use . Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright