Advancing Geospatial Standards and Technology | OGC Skip to main content Who We Are Our Programs Standards Research News Events Membership Who We Are Our Programs Standards Research News Events Membership Please select a language: Our website uses machine translation to translate content. Making the World Work Better Together At OGC, we’re more than 400 organizations strong—united by a shared passion for geospatial innovation. For 30 years, we’ve been the place where collaboration and experimentation come to life. Together, we test bold ideas, push boundaries, and solve problems that matter. By driving breakthroughs in interoperability, we unlock the power of geospatial data to shape a better future. Join Today OUR STRATEGIC & PRINCIPAL MEMBERS Announcement OGC Announces Publication of the SpatioTemporal Asset Catalog Community Standards Learn More Announcement OGC Honors Keith Ryden with 2025 Gardels Award Learn More OGC Event OGC RAINBOW Sprint @ iDays 2025, December 11, 9:00 AM – 4:30 PM Register Now The Value of Community We’re a dynamic community of innovators from different sectors, countries and backgrounds across the geospatial world. The spirit of open collaboration and the dedication of this community are what drive the entire industry forward. It’s not just about technology; it’s about people working together to make something bigger than any one organization. The future of OGC is, as it has always been, in the hands of the people who believe in its mission. Membership in Action The Importance of Standards We live in a world of constant change. As change in the geospatial ecosystem accelerates, standards become ever more important. They are key to keeping pace, offering a shared language to ensure interoperability so that disparate platforms and solutions can use geospatial data seamlessly. OGC Standards already underpin thousands of implementations. They evolve from communities of practice trying to solve challenges like turning massive amounts of image data into photo-realistic 3-D scenes of cities or helping national mapping agencies respond to billions of requests for geospatial data every day. Standards in Action The Power of Collaboration Our members come together to solve the biggest challenges with cutting-edge research across a range of dynamic fields including climate change, disaster resilience, and the Metaverse. Through our Collaborative Solutions and Innovation Program (COSI), we ensure that OGC Standards aren’t static, responding swiftly to shifts in evolving sectors like AI, sensors, cloud computing and digital twins. COSI brings OGC members together to engage in pilots and testbeds, and these projects are sponsored by some of the world’s leading geospatial players. Research in Action The Benefits of Membership At OGC, we bring together leaders from government, business, research institutions, startups, and across the geospatial community to drive real-world solutions to pressing global challenges like flood management, urban planning, and food security. Through interactive events, collaborative initiatives, matchmaking opportunities, and access to valuable grant funding, our members build strong connections that spark transformative progress. With impactful networking, thought leadership, and digital showcases of the latest breakthroughs, OGC empowers you to connect, innovate, and pioneer geospatial solutions that make a difference — and be part of a community driving meaningful change. Become a Member Main Pages Who We Are Our Programs Standards Research News Events Additional Pages Event Sponsorship Opportunities Privacy Policy Legal Notices & Term and Conditions Policies and Procedures Contact Us Follow Us Where We Are 2300 Wilson Blvd. Suite 700-1026 Arlington, VA 22201, USA Tel: +1 508 655 5858 Copyright © 2026 Open Geospatial Consortium. All Rights Reserved.