OhioLINK menu bars angle-down angle-up facebook feed flickr google-plus instagram linkedin pinterest-p print search twitter vimeo youtube pin Skip navigation A Division of the Ohio Department of Higher Education Accessibility Default Display Text Only Text Only (High Contrast) Accessibility Statement Login Search form Search About OhioLINK Leadership Vision, Commitment, and Values OhioLINK Strategic Framework Governance and Committees OhioLINK Initiatives History Staff Directory Member Institutions Regional Depositories + Map OhioLINK Accessibility Statement Resources & Services Central Catalog Research Databases Electronic Journal Center (EJC) Electronic Book Center (EBC) Music Center Electronic Theses and Dissertations Center (ETD) Finding Aid Repository Open Course Content Library Affordable Learning About Affordable Learning Ohio Open Education Content Current Initiatives Campus Initiatives Inclusive Access eTutoring About eTutoring eTutoring Participation News Announcements Calendar of Events Publications Contact Us Request Support Frequently Asked Questions Contact Your Librarian Visit OhioLINK Ostaff Electronic Resources Electronic Theses and Dissertations (ETD) Center Documentation Regional Depositories Webinars & Videos Lending between OhioLINK and SearchOhio will be available in early 2026. Patrons should contact their library with questions Rotator Ohio Department of Higher Education Chancellor Mike Duffey and Vice Chancellor Charles See met with OhioLINK academic library deans and directors to mark the upgrade of the consortium's library system software. The photo is the 2025 OhioLINK Membership Report cover. Over the past 30 years, OhioLINK has built a nationally renowned consortium that benefits Ohio’s higher education. OhioLINK's Affordable Learning Course Redesign Grants support the redesign of college courses to reduce student textbook costs. Read what member institution faculty grantees have to say. 1 2 3 Previous Pause Next OhioLINK Members: If you have not already done so, you must set a new Ostaff password to login to Ostaff or Member Portal. Homepage For OhioLINK Users Students, faculty, staff and researchers at nearly every Ohio college or university have unparalleled access to the print and electronic resources essential to their academic pursuits. How do I find... Books, media, and other physical items Electronic books EJournal Finder (no longer available, see link for details) Journal articles Electronic theses and dissertations Music For Campus Staff Staff members at any of our member libraries can easily access important resource news, information and guidelines to manage the benefits they receive from OhioLINK. Ostaff eTutoring Information Affordable Learning Initiatives News Meeting Schedule OhioLINK Publications About OhioLINK Library and other academic partners work collaboratively with OhioLINK - the Ohio Library and Information Network to offer the greatest breadth and depth of resources to our patrons at substantial savings to the State of Ohio. What Does OhioLINK Provide? Member Libraries + Map Mission, Vision & Values Governance and Committees Staff Directory Visit OhioLINK Quick Links Ostaff  (for OhioLINK members and partners) OhioLINK Library Catalog Research Databases Electronic Journal Center (EJC) Electronic Books Center (EBC) Electronic Theses and Dissertations Center (ETD) Music Center Finding Aid Repository Affordable Learning News Upcoming Events Office closed Dec 24 2025 (All day) to Jan 1 2026 (All day) OhioLINK Open Directors Discussion Jan 22 2026 - 2:00pm to 3:00pm OhioLINK Open Directors Discussion Feb 19 2026 - 3:00pm to 4:00pm more Translate Ohio Library and Information Network (OhioLINK) · A member of the Ohio Technology Consortium 1224 Kinnear Road, Columbus, OH, 43212, US · 614-485-6722 · info@ohiolink.edu Copyright © 2025 by the Ohio Library and Information Network. All Rights Reserved. · Privacy Policy If you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content, please contact the OH-TECH Digital Accessibility Team at accessibility@oh-tech.org . Ohio Department of Higher Education 25 South Front Street Columbus, Ohio 43215 State Government Links Mike DeWine, Governor | Ohio.gov Ohio Checkbook Education Links Ohio Department of Higher Education Ohio Technology Consortium OARnet | OSC | OhioLINK OACC | IUC | OTTA | ODE