World Council of Churches Skip to main content facebook twitter youtube youtube instagram Select your language English Deutsch Français Español Search Main navigation About the WCC Member churches News Events What we do Get involved Resources Contact & Press Blog Assembly Image Icon pictured, included in an Orthodox vesper observed at the 2025 Central Committee meeting of the World Council of Churches taking place in Johannesburg (South Africa) from 18 to 24 June 2025 on the theme ’Pilgrimage of Justice, Reconciliation, and Unity’. Photo: Albin Hillert/WCC News WCC Christmas message: “Holy Family, Holy Faith” connects us all Learn more Image Photo: Albin Hillert/WCC News Patriarchs and Heads of the Churches in Jerusalem share Christmas message Learn more Image Monastery in Artsakh. Photo: David Ghahramanyan News New publication to highlight protection of Armenian heritage Learn more Image Part of the facade of the Notre Dame cathedral in Paris. Photo: Marcelo Schneider/WCC News WCC shares greetings with Taizé Community’s Pilgrimage of Trust Learn more Image Photo: UN Photo/Cia Pak News WCC congratulates newly elected United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Learn more Previous Next World Council of Churches Inspiring the worldwide fellowship of churches to work together for unity, justice and peace. Unity Discover what we do for: Education Ecumenical relations Youth engagement Mission Spirituality Justice Discover what we do for: Gender justice Care for Creation Health Social Justice Economic justice Peace Discover what we do for: Disarmament Migration Interfaith dialogue Peacebuilding International affairs News News WCC Christmas message: “Holy Family, Holy Faith” connects us all 05 December 2025 News “Jesus was a refugee,” says Anglican archbishop of Tanzania 26 December 2025 News Patriarchs and Heads of the Churches in Jerusalem share Christmas message 23 December 2025 Feature story International conference in Berlin strengthens diversity and democracy 22 December 2025 Feature story Dialogue on coexistence explores turning hope into shared public good 19 December 2025 Feature story Accompaniers meet with European policymakers to highlight urgent issues in Palestine and Israel 18 December 2025 Interview Exploring the affirmation and call of the Sixth World Conference on Faith and Order 18 December 2025 SEE MORE Image Icon pictured, included in an Orthodox vesper observed at the 2025 Central Committee meeting of the World Council of Churches taking place in Johannesburg (South Africa) from 18 to 24 June 2025 on the theme ’Pilgrimage of Justice, Reconciliation, and Unity’. Photo: Albin Hillert/WCC Christmas message 2025 Christmas message of the World Council of Churches Learn more Subscribe to the WCC news! Please fill in this form if you would like to receive news and updates from the WCC by email. Privacy policy You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Leave this field blank Events Image Photo: Ivars Kupcis/WCC Event Week of Prayer for Christian Unity 18 - 25 January 2026 Worldwide Event Ecumenical School on Governance, Economics, and Management for an Economy of Life (GEM School) 2026 17 - 28 August 2026 Panama City, Panama (Location TBC) SEE MORE Image The First Ecumenical Council - oil painting (XVIII сentury) in the Saint Sophia Cathedral, Kyiv, Ukraine. Photo: Museum of St. Sophia Cathedral Nicaea 2025 Commemorating 1700th anniversary of the first Ecumenical Council at Nicaea Learn more The Ecumenical Prayer Cycle Prayer is at the very heart of the ecumenical movement. Jesus prayed that we – his followers – may all be one. When we pray with and for one another, we can feel God’s gift of unity. Join the prayer cycle Prayer Japan, North Korea, South Korea 27 December 2025 - 03 January 2026 Image 25 June 2023, Geneva, Switzerland: Birthday cake pictured as the World Council of Churches central committee – gathered in Geneva on 21-27 June 2023 for its first full meeting following the WCC 11th Assembly in Karlsruhe in 2022 – celebrates 75 years since the founding of the Council in 1948. Photo: Albin Hillert/WCC Donate to the WCC Your opportunity to contribute towards Unity, Justice and Peace Donate Latest resources Publication Communication for Social Justice in a Digital Age Science and technology Digital justice Publication Living Planet Monitor Volume 1, Issue 2 Living Planet Living Planet Monitor Land, Water and Food Advocacy Publication We Believe: Spiritual Life Resources|Wir Glauben: Gottesdienstbuch|Nous Croyons : Ressources Pour La Vie Spirituelle|Creemos: Recursos Para La Vida Spiritual Sixth World Conference on Faith and Order spiritual life Nicaea 2025 SEE ALL PUBLICATIONS Image Green Village - Go further, go together A unique project in Geneva's international district Learn more Pray icon Created with Sketch. Pray icon Created with Sketch. Pray Donate icon Created with Sketch. Donate icon Created with Sketch. Donate Discover icon Created with Sketch. Discover icon Created with Sketch. What we do share Created with Sketch. share Created with Sketch. Social media Visit the World Council of Churches Ecumenical Centre Kyoto Building Chemin du Pommier 42 CH-1218 Le Grand-Saconnex, Switzerland Main navigation About the WCC Member churches News Events What we do Get involved Resources Contact & Press Blog Assembly Follow us facebook twitter youtube youtube instagram Select your language English Deutsch Français Español Footer menu © Copyright WCC 2025 Site Map Conditions for Use Privacy policy