oisd | domain blocklist oisd 🛠  setup 🚩  report false positive 📜  included lists ❓  FAQ What is this oisd blocklist ❓ The blocklist prevents your devices from connecting to unwanted or harmful domains. It reduces ads, decreases the risk of malware, and enhances privacy. You shouldn't find any false positives! In fact, I dare you to report any ;) Why this list 🙋 Where most other blocklists go for the "block ads/trackers and when something breaks it's up to the user to figure out what to whitelist"-approach .. This list prioritizes functionality over blocking. It's the list to use at home, at work or at your (grand-)parents place. Users report it "passes the girlfriend-test" ;) How do I use it ? To use the oisd blocklist, you'll need a tool or service that can implement domain blocking. Popular choices include Pi-hole , AdGuard Home , AdBlock Plus , uBlock Origin , NextDNS , or others ... Sponsor 👍 Last list updates 🥯 oisd big • 18 minutes ago oisd small • 1 hour ago oisd nsfw • 1 hour ago oisd nsfw small • 6 hours ago Wanted: NSFW domains 🫶 Do you know of any NSFW (Shock/Porn/Adult) domains that are not yet blocked by the oisd nsfw list ? Please report them here 🙏 The big list blocks 🛑 Ads, (Mobile) App Ads, Phishing, Malvertising, Malware, Spyware, Ransomware, CryptoJacking ... Telemetry/Analytics/Tracking (Where not needed for proper functionality) Does not interfere with ✅ Torrent, Warez, Porn, Crypto Exchanges, News Satire, Slickdeals (or shopping sites in general), Google (shopping), Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Link Shortners, Affiliate/Tracking Links, Gambling, Surveys, etc. The NSFW list blocks 🔞 Porn / Adult / Shock / Gore Introducing oisd NSFW Small For those needing to block NSFW domains but finding the full oisd NSFW list too large for their adblocker, oisd NSFW Small offers an ideal alternative. This list includes only NSFW domains from the oisd NSFW list that are also found in the Tranco List—a reliable compilation of the top 1 million websites across multiple ranking sources. The result is a compact, accurate list that provides effective protection without straining system resources. Important : Users who are already using the full oisd NSFW list should not add or switch to this version, as the same domains are already included in the full list. Important Announcement: Discontinuing hosts/domains -syntax Starting January 1st, 2024, I will be discontinuing support for HOSTS and DOMAINS syntaxes. 
  (Read: Stop building / providing them.) I would like to explain why I've made this decision: First let's look at the domain blocking possibilities: A) Domains: baddomain.org B) www.-prefixed domains: www.baddomain.org C) Known subdomains: badsubdomain.baddomain.org D) (yet) unknown subdomains: badunknownsub.baddomain.org E) Randomly generated subdomains: bad239ue9f59gw.baddomain.org Using HOSTS or DOMAINS syntax, you can block: A) The domain (baddomain.org) with just one rule. B) The www.-prefixed domain (www.baddomain.org) with an additional rule. C) A known subdomain (badsubdomain.baddomain.org) with an added rule per each subdomain. However, using HOSTS or DOMAINS syntax, it becomes impossible to block: D) Unknown subdomains (e.g., badunknownsub.baddomain.org) because they need to be individually listed in advance. E) Randomly generated subdomains (e.g., bad239ue9f59gw.baddomain.org) as it is not feasible to predict or list all possible variations. In contrast, by using a syntax like ABP, DNSmasq, Domains (wildcards), or Regex: A) You can block the main domain (baddomain.org) with just one rule. B) This same rule will also block the www.-prefixed domain (www.baddomain.org). C) All known subdomains (badsubdomain.baddomain.org) are also be blocked using that same rule. D) Even for unknown subdomains, they will effectively be blocked with that same rule. E) Similarly, randomly generated subdomains will also successfully be blocked using that same rule. With the current approach using HOSTS / Domains syntaxes, I gather all the subdomains available in known blocking lists and include them in the blocklist (filtered to exclude NXDOMAINS and SERVFAILS). While this may seem like a logical step, it also presents a certain level of illogicality and inefficiency. Effectively, the blocklists using ABP, DNSmasq, Domains (wildcards), Regex -syntaxes are about 4 times smaller than HOSTS / Domains -syntaxes, AND block MORE.
  This is not something new, and has been known for years. The following adblocking software will be affected ; - AdAway " No traction " - DNS66 " No traction " - PfBlockerNG: "AdBlock style feeds will be supported in the next version." Source (Note that pfBlockerNG does support wildcard blocking, but it's implementation is wack; It won't block subdomains to already listed subdomains, eg g.doubleclick.net should block; adclick.g.doubleclick.net, adx.g.doubleclick.net, captive.googleads.g.doubleclick.net etc, but it does not.) - Pi-hole: requires FTL v5.22, Web v5.19 and Core v5.16.1 (or Newer) to work. Also, if you are still using https://dbl.oisd.nl/, please update to https://big.oisd.nl - Diversion; update to version 5 The following adblocking software/services are NOT affected ; - AdBlock Plus - All AdGuard products - AdNauseam - BIND - Blokada - Blocky - Brave - ControlD - DNSCloak - DNSCrypt - DNSMasq - DnsWarden - Little Snitch - Nebulo - NextDNS - Opera - PersonalDNSfilter - Portmaster - RethinkDNS - Simple DNS Plus - Technitium - uBlock Origin - Unbound - Vivaldi - YogaDNS False Positive Report Form Update The FP form now allows images (read screenshots) to be pasted from the clipboard (ctrl-v) right into the message field. They will be downscaled to fit the message area, no worries, when the report is sent, I will be able to view the fullsize image. Goodbye Reddit I've recently decided to leave Reddit. Around 4.5 years ago, I used the platform to make oisd accessible to the public. However, I've chosen a simpler approach now, keeping everything on oisd.nl. The latest changes on Reddit also influenced this decision. Like the list? Please consider donating OISD - Domain Blocklist Since november 2018 |