Okcoin Cryptocurrency Exchange | Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum & Crypto Login Sign up Buy Crypto Assets Assets My Assets Transfer Deposit Withdrawal Audit Fee Schedule Tier Order History Account History Profile Sub Account Overview Security Settings Identity Verification Tax Center Preferences Sub Account API Help Center Get Support Logout Dashboard Features Buy Buy and sell crypto Mobile app Download our Android or iOS mobile app Trade Real-time crypto trading Affiliate Sign up to promote Okcoin Buy Prices Trade Classic account Unified account Learn Institutions Client solutions Client segments & products Pro Advanced trading OTC High-Volume Trading Partners Earning, Payments, Taxes and more Refer Free BTC More Blog Latest Okcoin and crypto news Help Center Find answers to your questions Developer grants Supporting crypto development Proof of Reserves View the Okcoin fund reserves Login Sign up Okcoin is rebranding to OKX You are seeing this message because we are consolidating our brands. Okcoin has been servicing US customers in 41 states, and we are now excited to leverage our recognized OKX global brand in the US market. Why rebrand OKX is a globally recognized brand. With its numerous ecosystem partnerships, its recent innovations in web3, and its multi-year relationships with top global sports and entertainment properties, OKX has established itself as one of the most recognized and trusted crypto brands in the world. We believe rebranding to OKX globally gives Okcoin products and services more velocity, under a globally reputable brand. Commitment to the US The US market presents the best environment for innovators. Thats why we established ourselves in the United States in 2017, and made significant investments in licensing and building our community here. With the rebrand to OKX, we are doubling down on the US market, and offering a strong alternative to our US-based customers who are looking to get into crypto. Our future promise Blockchains and crypto are poised to improve the rails our financial systems are built on. Finance, at times, can be difficult. On-chain technology is ultimately more transparent and provides more control. We are using on-chain technology (such as our monthly proof-of-reserves report) to bring about more transparency and accountability to our customers. We envision a future built on trust-less systems. A bit more for our existing customers... If you are a current Okcoin customer, you can access your balance and withdraw your assets at any time. We hope you take the journey with us as we rebrand to OKX in the coming months. Once the rebrand is complete, our US customers will have access to the same services you enjoy, such as spot trading, simple buy and sell for select assets. US customers will also be able to access a self-custody wallet along with new web3 services we will announce in the coming weeks. [email protected] NMLS #1767779 Choose your language © 2025 Okcoin USA, Inc. All Rights Reserved Product Buy crypto OTC Mobile app new Affiliate Partners Free Bitcoin Company About us Supported regions Developer grant program Blog Careers Listings Help Tax Center Status Help Center V5 API Security Legal and privacy Cookie preferences Get the app Partner Link OKX website: OKX.com OKX price: Bitcoin price Ethereum price Dogecoin price Solana price Shiba Inu price OKX calculator: BTC to USD ETH to USD USDT to USD SOL to USD LTC to USD OKX trade: BTC USDT ETH USDT POL USDT LTC USDT SOL USDT DOGE USDT SHIB USDT AVAX USDT Okcoin uses cookies to improve its website. If you continue to browse our website, you agree with our use of cookies. For more details and how to manage cookies, please see our privacy policy. Continue Dear users, According to the European Unions regulations, all Okcoin users have to agree to the following User Agreement to continue to user the website. Thank you. I agree Risk & Compliance Disclosures Sure