Open Knowledge Foundation – For a fair, sustainable and open future Who we are About us Team Network Board of Directors Funders Governance Donate What we do Tools Services Projects The Tech We Want Open Data Editor (ODE) Sustainable Data Commons Open Data Day (ODD) Open Knowledge Network Open Knowledge Global Directory Open Goes COP Technical support for refugee organisations Data Package v2 School of Data 100+ Conversations to inspire our new direction Digital Public Infrastructure (DPI) for Electoral Processes Digital Public Infrastructure (DPI) Updating the Open Definition Network Open Knowledge Network Global Directory Project Repository Open Data Day News Blog Newsroom Newsletter Jobs & Opportunities English Español We are building a world open by design where all knowledge is accessible to everyone. We provide services for opening data We are the technology arm of institutions, organisations and communities, so you can create, manage and publish open data with our tools. Learn more We can help you develop your skills and unlock your potential We offer capacity-building training on data literacies for individuals, teams and communities so you can understand the transformative power of openness. Learn more You can partner with us and be part of the global movement Our local impact through the Open Knowledge Network is spread across over 40 countries. Be our partner and help the movement grow. Learn more Tools Services Network Newsroom Get in touch Open Knowledge in Practice Open Knowledge Tools The world's leading open source data management system. CKAN makes it easy to publish, share and discover data. It powers hundreds of data portals worldwide including governments, NGOs, research centers and enterprises. Learn more The home of a set of legal tools and licenses to help you publish, provide and use open data: Open Database License (ODbL), Open Data Commons Attribution License, and Open Data Commons Public Domain Dedication and License (PDDL). Learn more The Open Definition sets out principles that define “openness” in relation to data and content.  It makes precise the meaning of “open” in the terms “open data” and “open content” and thereby ensures quality and encourages compatibility between different pools of open material. Learn more Data Package is a standard consisting of a set of simple yet extensible specifications to describe datasets, data files and tabular data. It is a data definition language (DDL) and data API that facilitates findability, accessibility, interoperability, and reusability (FAIR) of data. Learn more No-code application to explore and publish all kinds of data: datasets, tables, charts, maps, stories, and more. Forever free and open source project powered by open standards and generative AI. Learn more Frictionless Data is an open-source toolkit that brings simplicity to the data experience – whether you're wrangling a CSV or engineering complex pipelines. Learn more Global movement in action Open Knowledge Foundation is part of a worldwide movement working together for a fair, sustainable and open future. Join us! Open Knowledge established chapters More countries Gathering of experts from the open community in the Open Knowledge Symposium (Barcelona, May 2022) Open Definition workshop with Latin American communities at RightsCon (San José, Jun 2023) Network-run event parallel to the Open Government Partnership (OGP) Global Summit (Tallinn, Sep 2023) Network members planning next year’s strategy for the global movement (Zurich, Jun 2023) Grantees from the Philippines running an event on Open Data Day (Manila, Mar 2023) Participants of Coda.Br, the largest data journalism conference in Latin America (São Paulo, Nov 2022) Community gathering with OKFN team during csv,conf,v7 (Buenos Aires, Apr 2023) Featured Network Projects Global Directory A global and multilingual excellence cluster of leaders of the open movement, carefully selected by the Network. Learn more Project Repository A searchable database of the most prominent projects from the Network and other allies in the open movement. Learn more Open Knowledge Library Free resources to enable organisations, governments and any initiative to be #OpenByDesign. Find out more The Tech We Want | Read This Before You Build We at OKFN are questioning our own practices and learning how to do things anew. This new publication compiles some of these processes and invites you to put your community first. September 2025 Towards a Sustainable Data Commons Ecosystem This report is based on interviews with open data project leaders across 12 countries and four continents about the current challenges and opportunities they see. June 2025 Governing Digital Public Infrastructure as a Commons Policy Brief submitted by Open Knowledge Foundation, Center for Internet and Society and Research ICT Africa to T20, Engagement Group of G20 under Task Force T05 - Inclusive digital transformation July 2024 Don't miss a thing Stay on top of what's happening in the #OpenMovement around the world. (We will never spam you!) Subscribe OKFN is a not-for-profit organisation incorporated in England & Wales with company number 05133759. info@okfn.org Privacy policy Terms of use Brand Guidelines Open Knowledge Network IP policy Code of conduct Governance Project repository Cookie policy Jobs & Opportunities Donate Global Directory Source code available under the MIT license. Content on this site, made by Open Knowledge, is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Open Knowledge is certified by NGOsource in accordance with the Equivalency Determination (ED). CKAN assets are held in trust by Open Knowledge, with best practice policies on governing openly and for use of the trademark. Open Knowledge is part of the Digital Public Goods Alliance, accelerating the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals.