Oktopost: B2B social media management platform Platform Products Social Management Employee Advocacy Social Listening Marketing Intelligence Core Features Social Analytics Customer Engagement Integrations Explore our latest product updates and enhancements See all Product updates → Solutions By Team Marketing Sales and Revenue Human Resources By Industry Tech and Software Business Services Legal Services Manufacturing Supercharged Ambassadors Club: Humanizing employee advocacy in times of AI See all Case Studies → Company Company About Customer Success Careers News and PR B2B Social's Rising 30 B2B Marketing Innovation Awards Resources Resources Blog Product updates Case studies Oktopost academy Podcasts Behind the post Radically transparent eBooks Events and Webinars Use cases Glossary Compare Pricing Sign in Social Media Management Employee Advocacy Marketing Intelligence Book a Demo AI-powered social that drives B2B growth The only social platform built from the ground up for B2B, helping brands engage with prospects and customers, scale advocacy programs, and drive business growth. Talk to an expert Book a demo today Trusted by thousands of B2B marketing professionals globally Oktopost’s employee advocacy solutions have really impacted our entire business—from positioning our sales team as experts in their fields to driving our brand awareness. B2B marketing efforts form the cornerstone, but there’s nothing stronger than employees amplifying your brand story. Christopher Taine Senior PR Manager View case study The complete B2B social solution Oktopost gives you the tools to connect social to every part of your business, from LinkedIn publishing to funnel-focused analytics, CRM integration, and employee advocacy. Publish Measure Listen Socialize LinkedIn-first, designed for B2B Lead where it matters most—on LinkedIn. Publish diverse post types, manage your company page mailbox, and track analytics that connect LinkedIn engagement to your business goals. Learn more Funnel-focused social analytics Measure social media’s impact on your pipeline and revenue with analytics designed for B2B funnel management, and tie social to your bottom line. Learn more Monitor and learn about your competitors and your brand on social Understand the conversations around your brand, competitors, and industry to ensure you stay on top of the most important topics and trends. Learn more From employees to advocates Transform your employees into active brand advocates with a centralized platform that syncs between brand and advocacy campaigns, delivers shareable content, and monitors their impact at scale. Build a truly social organization. Learn more B2B excellence Your trusted partner With years of expertise in B2B marketing, Oktopost understands your challenges, channels, and goals. Our team and product have evolved alongside our customers to deliver solutions that drive measurable results. Learn about our expertise Learn about our expertise Integrate Oktopost with your existing tech, such as your CRM and marketing automation platforms, to create a collaborative workflow between sales and marketing. Learn more Social Selling Build relationships with prospects using social Oktopost enables social selling at scale, equipping sales teams with the content, insights, and tools to engage prospects authentically and drive business growth. Power up social selling B2B driven AI AI that works for B2B social Oktopost’s GenAI agents are designed specifically for B2B marketers. They help you and your advocates create authentic, relevant social posts faster and more efficiently than ever. B2B AI makes social easier Explore your B2B social strategy with our experts Get a personalized consultation to discuss your goals or dive straight into a live demo of the Oktopost platform. Talk to an expert Book a demo All Rights Reserved © Oktopost Platform Social Management Employee Advocacy Social Listening Marketing Intelligence Social Analytics Customer Engagement Integrations Solutions By Industry Tech and Software Business Services Legal Services Manufacturing By Team Marketing Sales & Revenue Human Resources Resources Product updates Podcasts eBooks Case Studies Webinars & Events Solution Briefs Oktopost Academy Blog Glossary Company About Oktopost Customer Success Careers News and PR B2B Social's Rising 30 B2B Marketing Innovation Awards Contact Contact us Book a demo Pricing request Talk to an expert Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | GDPR