Skip to main section
Provide 24/7 affordable customer service with AI-powered chat.
Connect to learn more
Features
How To
ChatbotsPricingCase StudiesIntegrationsLog inFree Trial
Someone on your website is ready to chat. Rise to the occasion.
Request a Demo

Simple chat and AI tools that everyone can use. Deliver support, drive sales, and capture more leads to hit your goals.

Accessible by design

Adding chat to your website can make it more accessible, but this only works if you choose messaging tools that are created to include people with disabilities.

Olark's platform is third-party tested and certified by a third-party to comply with WCAG 2.1 AA standards. This means that the chat widget on your website and the software your team uses to reply to incoming messages will work for disabled people, not against them.

Learn more about accessible chat
Multiple ways to communicate in real-time
Live Chat
Hands-on help from humans

Nothing beats hands-on help from humans. Answer questions in-context on your website with our robust platform, built for teams.

View Live Chat Features
Chatbots
AI-powered assistant for your agents

There are some tasks only humans can handle. For everything else, we’ll build you a custom bot to tackle the easy stuff.

Explore AI & Automation Tools
Backed by practical AI

You built your business on relationships, and so did we. That’s why we designed chatbox and automation tools to enhance the skills of your people, not replace them.

Read about human-friendly chatbots
Plays well with others

We know your team is already using systems and software to communicate with customers. While you talk to them, we'll talk to your other tools.
Using our flexible API and library of 100+ plugins and integrations, we'll help keep your people and your data on the same page.


Find your apps in our Integrations Directory
See it to believe it
Schedule a custom demo with an Olarker.
See the features you like, ask questions, and discuss your needs.
Book live demo
Not ready to talk to sales?
Answer basic questions, design your chatbox, and explore the UI.
Launch free trial
Success Stories
Olark dives deep with customers to help them hit their goals. Learn how businesses, nonprofits, and higher ed institutions benefit from including chat as part of their engagement strategy.
Creative Bag

"Don't be overwhelmed by the idea of jumping into chat and the automated bot world. CoPilot was just simple and easy, not intimidating."

Lauren Rotman
Director of E-Commerce, Creative Bag
University of Montana

"Olark has helped us refine our web presence, especially over time. We had metrics of where people were going on our website, but not whether the information was the right information for them."

Joe Hickman
Registrar, University of Montana
FeneTech Software

"When you're looking at software for your company, you want to read and digest before you are reached out to... Adjusting our automation settings was a game changer. We see fewer chats now, but more valuable chats."

Samantha Hudeck
Manager of Administrative Services
Product
Pricing
Chatbots
Features
Integrations
Product Tour
Case Studies
Support
FAQ
Help Center
Getting Started
Troubleshooting
JavaScript API
About
Our Team
Our Values
Become an Olarker
Employee Handbook
National Disability Employment Month
Connect with us
Speak: The Olark Blog
Our Guide to Remote Work
Become a Partner
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
GDPR
Accessibility
Statement of Action