Old Mutual: Insurance, Investments, Loans & Financial Planning Personal Wealth Business Corporate Institutions Claims Find an adviser Careers About Contact Us Personal Wealth Business Corporate Institutions Claims Find an adviser Careers About Contact Us If we all want a fair South Africa Let's lift our voices of change into B20 rooms. Add your voice. Wherever you're at, let's go from there. Smart financial advice for every stage of life. Funeral costs. Sorted. Get funeral cover from R37* a month. The best things in life are tax free Invest in a tax free savings account from R350/month and pay no tax on the growth of your money. Use the button below or the App to invest. Get the loan, not the stress Some expenses can’t wait. With an Old Mutual personal loan, you have the money when you need it. OM Bank is here! We see a different future for South Africans - where banking is designed for real life. This is banking on your terms. Be  part of the change. OM Bank is here! We see a different future for South Africans. One where your bank is your ally, built on your terms. This is the new standard. Join the change. Join OM Bank. We’re on your side. Your financial needs deserve solutions that match Whoever you are, we have financial solutions and advice to make life great - today and tomorrow. Welcome to our world . Let's help you through yours Everyone has goals . Find out how we can help you turn dreams into your reality. Why partner with Old Mutual We've been around since 1845. But our focus is firmly on the future. Here's how we build it. Old Mutual Rewards Score big without even being an Old Mutual customer. Refer a friend or complete a survey. Shop with your points. Convert points into investments. Get involved, and get rewarded. As easy as that. Take your finances to the next level No matter who you are or where you're going, take advantage of our tools, resources, apps and rewards to master your money. Old Mutual Will Plan Ahead. Rest Easy. Create a free will with Old Mutual today and leave your loved ones with a legacy. Vault22 Vault22 - the rebranded 22seven budgeting app - is your personal financial fitness coach, guiding you towards a more secure and fulfilling financial life. With Vault22 you can: See all your money in one place, understand your income, expenses, and net worth. Enjoy personalised financial planning by getting tailored advice on budgeting, saving, and investing based on your unique goals and lifestyle. Take control of your ﬁnances by managing and reducing debt effectively. Explore diverse investment options and let our smart tools help you build your portfolio. Identify your insurance needs and ﬁnd the right cover to safeguard your future. Get financially fit with Vault22 Make the most of your money Whether you want to learn how to manage your money, plan for retirement or invest in property, there's a Moneyversity Course perfect for you. Choose financial topics like retirement and  investing in property Browse Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced Courses Become a money guru by completing courses Access your tax certificates Did you know you can access your tax certificates without having to call our call centre? You can download your tax certificate by logging in to Secure Services ( register here or log in here ) or through the Old Mutual App. You can also send a request via Whatsapp. Simply add 0860 933 333 to your Whatsapp and saying "hi". Follow the prompts once you receive a response. Don't have the Old Mutual app? Download it from your app store. Old Mutual App Download our app and view your Old Mutual solutions in one place. Visit the Apple App Store, Google Playstore (device dependent) or Huawei App Gallery Search “Old Mutual” in the search bar Click ‘Install’ once you have found Old Mutual Register for a profile or login if you already have one Get your ASISA Unclaimed Benefits! In aligning with ASISA, Old Mutual has created a verification process that allows users to check whether they may have unclaimed benefits (money) due to them. You can find out if you may have any money due to you even if your investment dates back as far as 1981, you're still entitled to check. With us, you can check online by providing us with your basic personal details to see if you qualify. Our blood runs green, how about yours? Get greener on-the-go by optimising your sustainable living from anywhere, anytime with Tweak  - from Old Mutual. Tweak helps you take control of your environmental footprint by quantifying your emissions and rewarding you for your sustainable behaviour. Sign up to Tweak is free Track your carbon footprint with every purchase Shop sustainably with Tweak’s selection of local and sustainable brands Get rewarded for your sustainable habits Get recognised on the leaderboard More About Old Mutual Media Investor Relations Fraud and Security Centre PAIA Manual Regulatory Disclosure: Identification of Insurers Old Mutual Limited (OML) is a licensed Controlling Company of the Designated Old Mutual Limited Insurance Group. Registration number 2017/235138/06. Entities in the Group are Licensed Financial Services Providers and Insurers that offer a broad spectrum of financial solutions to retail and corporate customers across key markets in 12 countries. Personal Wealth Business Corporate Institutions Claims About Careers iOS Android Huawei Contact Us Branch Locator Complaints Facebook X YouTube Instagram Old Mutual Share Price Let's talk Share your details and we'll get in touch as soon as possible. Submit a Funeral Claim We are sorry for your loss. To continue, please complete the form below. yes no Make a funeral and life insurance claim We’re sorry for your loss and hope to make your claim as smooth and seamless as possible. To ensure your claim is processed as quickly as possible, please provide the correct information in the fields below. yes no Have unclaimed benefits? Unclaimed benefits within the Old Mutual SuperFund Unclaimed Benefits Preservation Pension/Provident Fund. Do I qualify for a loan? Share your details and we'll check if you qualify. Get an answer within 24 hours. We will not contact you for marketing purposes Permanently employed for a period of 3 months or more Contracting for a period of 3 months or more Other Monthly Other Yes, I do No, I do not Do you consent to us doing a credit check? I consent to the processing of my personal information for purposes of the assessment of this loan application and reasons related thereto in accordance with the old Mutual privacy policy and applicable laws. Sorry, we need your consent View our Privacy Policy Check if I qualify Arbitration Personal Loan: Call Me Back Share your details and we'll check if you qualify. Do you consent to us doing a credit check? I consent to the processing of my personal information for purposes of the assessment of this loan application and reasons related thereto in accordance with the Old Mutual privacy policy and applicable laws. View our Privacy Policy If you're unsure what Unclaimed Benefits are? Click here to find out more Check for Unclaimed benefits I don't have a SA ID number