Skip to main content
Microsoft
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Products Features Prompts Support Buy Microsoft 365
All Microsoft
Sign in to your account
Welcome to the Microsoft 365 Copilot app

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app (formerly Office) lets you create, share, and collaborate all in one place with your favorite apps now including Copilot.*

Sign in
Buy Microsoft 365
Download Microsoft 365 apps for MacOS 
For Organizations
For Home
For Education
Unlock productivity, creativity, and
generative AI for your organization.

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app empowers your employees to do
their best work with Copilot in the apps they use daily.

Quick access to your AI assistant for work

Empower your organization with Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat that supercharges productivity, sparks creativity, and keeps your data protected with enterprise data protection.

Create anywhere, anytime, with any app

Anyone in your organization can quickly create documents, presentations, and worksheets within a single, unified app experience.

Your content
Your Microsoft 365

Microsoft 365 empowers your organization to organize, and safely store files in OneDrive with intuitive and easy organizational tools.

Work together, better

Keep your business connected from anywhere with chat and cloud collaboration tools.

Pick up where you left off

Microsoft 365 seamlessly tracks updates, tasks, and comments across all your files so you can pick up right where you left off.

More apps in one place

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app brings together your favorite apps and Copilot in one intuitive platform.

For Organizations
 
For Home
 
For Education
Get the Microsoft 365 Copilot mobile app
[*] Copilot Chat in the Microsoft 365 Copilot app is available for Microsoft 365 Enterprise, Academic, SMB, Personal and Family subscribers with a work, education, or personal account. It is available in these supported languages: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/supported-languages.
[**] Microsoft 365 Personal or Family subscription required.
[***] Copilot with enterprise data protection is available to all faculty and higher education students ages 18+ who are signed in with their school account, including users of our free offers.
Follow Microsoft 365
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Copilot for organizations
Copilot for personal use
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
AI for education
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Microsoft Developer
Microsoft Learn
Support for AI marketplace apps
Microsoft Tech Community
Microsoft Marketplace
Marketplace Rewards
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2025
This site runs Microsoft Clarity for behavioral insights. By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your data, such as how you interact with this website, by Microsoft for product improvements. Learn more here and at our Privacy Statement.