Homepage - OLX Group About us Newsroom Brands Locations Impact Impact Report Series Careers Together we’re building a more sustainable world through trade We build leading marketplace ecosystems enabled by tech, powered by trust, and loved by our customers. Our open roles More about us Discover more OLX at a glance Serving hundreds of millions of people every month, we help people buy and sell cars, find housing, get jobs, buy and sell household goods, and much more. Our person-to-person trading platforms offer easier than ever ways for people to trade. 10 + well-loved local brands 29 M app monthly active users 2 M + tonnes CO2-eq emission savings More about OLX Our Brands We are a global leader in facilitating trade, with many well-loved, market-leading local brands. Our consumer brands offer safe, smart, and convenient trading platforms and services for our customers. From AutoTrader to Otomoto, our innovative platforms help people trade in growth markets across Europe and South Africa. View all our brands Our Impact We’re building a more sustainable world through trade. Our platforms and brands facilitate trade across a wide range of products and services. We help people get more from the world’s limited resources, and we are proud of the positive contribution we make. Learn about our positive impact on the world Read our FY25 Annual Sustainability Report Read the 2024 Impact Report Come work with us OLX is powered by a global team of thousands. We combine the spirit and agility of a startup with our global scale and the backing of Prosus, a global consumer internet group and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Check our open roles Our tech blog Every day we use technology to work on solving real-world problems. Check out our tech blog to find out more about how we do this, as well as our challenges and solutions, across the fields of Product, Data and Tech. Go to our tech blog Newsroom Read the latest happenings at OLX. OLX Group reports record profitability with 49% margin and strong 22% revenue growth 24/11/2025 VEON’s Beeline Kazakhstan to Acquire Online Classifieds Platform OLX Kazakhstan 21/10/2025 Prosus’s OLX Group agrees to acquire La Centrale, a leading motors classifieds platform in France, for EUR1.1 Billion from Providence 26/09/2025 View all articles Headquarters Gustav Mahlerplein 5 1082 MS,  Amsterdam The Netherlands Brands Locations Newsroom Careers blog Tech blog Careers Cookie settings Privacy Statement OLX Responsible AI Principles Terms of use Developer hub Prosus Policies Careers © 2025 OLX Group About us About us Newsroom Brands Locations Impact Impact Impact Report Series Careers