Omaha News | Omaha World Herald | Read Omaha, NE and Nebraska breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one for $20 + get a $25 reward! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 33° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Region Education Politics Business Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Columnists Sports Huskers Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone Local Sports Professional Lifestyles Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Omaha Dines Contests Comics Puzzles Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Sponsored Content Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Omaha World-Herald Archives Our Properties Airpulse Sarpy County Times Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Auto Sales Marketplace Shop Local Fareway’s Weekly Ad Today's Deal OWH Store Public Notices Submit a Public Notice for Omaha World-Herald SNI Public Notices Shopping Customer Service Manage Omaha Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter Signup Subscribe Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Contact Us Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter Bluesky Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Huskers Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs Autos 33° Partly Cloudy Javascript is required to use this website. Here's a roundup of Tuesday's action in the Metro Holiday boys basketball tournament Stu Pospisil Boys teams from Papillion-La Vista South, Millard West, Creighton Prep, Bellevue West, Papillion-La Vista, Millard South, Millard North and Omaha Westside were winners Tuesday at the Metro Holiday tournament. Photos: Las Vegas Bowl holds pep rally for Nebraska, Utah fans Nikos Frazier Take a look at photos from the Las Vegas Bowl pep rally ahead of Nebraska and Utah's game. Butler makes it close, but Creighton hangs on to remain unbeaten in Big East play Jon Walker Creighton’s defense anchored down and wiped away Butler's second chances to close 2025 with a win as a CHI Health Center crowd of 16,741 watched. Here's a roundup of Tuesday's action in the Metro Holiday girls basketball tournament Mike Patterson Girls teams from Millard South, Millard West, Omaha Westside, Omaha North, Omaha Westview, Papillion-La Vista, Omaha Marian and Millard North were winners Tuesday at the Metro Holiday tournament. No. 13 Nebraska basketball takes out New Hampshire in Tuesday matchup Wilson Moore All night long, the No. 13 Huskers made a conscious effort to get the ball inside, to bully the undersized Wildcats and power through one last non-conference game before the main stretch of conference play 12 points from Cade Walker help Millard West defeat Omaha Central in close win Stu Pospisil The Wildcats won a game that they wouldn’t have last season, coach Bill Morrison said. Those kind of close losses then spiraled into a 7-15 record. WNBA superstar Caitlin Clark attends Creighton men's basketball game vs. Butler Jon Walker The face of women's basketball graced the CHI Health Center stands. Indiana Fever star Caitlin Clark — the 2024 WNBA Rookie of the Year — was spotted during Tuesday's meeting between Creighton and Butler. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App The Latest Quick-thinking witness helps save residents as fire guts historic Lincoln building Lincoln Fire and Rescue responded early Monday morning to an apartment fire in frigid temperatures. Who was Louise Pound? 10 remarkable firsts from UNL pioneer. A high achiever in both athletics and academics, the Victorian era woman will soon be honored with a bronze sculpture on campus. Here are ten reasons why. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. Former Lincoln state senator writes life story: 'There's healing in it. It's fun.' The 50-year-old said the memoir began as a project during the pandemic, when he listened to the audio book of "Greenlights" by actor Matthew McConaughey. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. She broke rules, defied norms — and now UNL is honoring this traiblazer in bronze Pound's athletic and academic accomplishments at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln paved the way for future women, and she'll be honored with a bronze sculpture coming to campus this fall. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 28 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 27 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. Editor's Pick Creighton research project looks at threats posed by invasive species Julie Anderson The National Science Foundation grant is helping researchers study how invasive species are impacting aquatic ecosystems in Iowa's Loess Hills, an area of ecological importance. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Creighton's Nik Graves, Greg McDermott and Jasen Green after defeating Butler Sights and sounds from the Las Vegas Bowl pep rally Butler head coach Thad Matta after loss to Creighton AP Top Stories December 30 Sports Prep glance: Highlights from Saturday's high school sports action Highlights from Tuesday's high school sports action Photos: Creighton men's basketball hosts Butler Take a look inside the CHI Health Center as Creighton men's basketball hosts Butler in Omaha. Omaha Marian avenges recent overtime loss with victory over Elkhorn South Omaha Marian gained a measure of revenge against Elkhorn South on Tuesday night at the Metro holiday girls basketball tournament. Millard South's Carter Margheim and Journey Gerlach score 18 points each for win over Omaha Benson Carter Margheim had 18 points in the paint, Journey Gerlach hit five 3s to match him with 18 and Koby Meyers and Owen Anderson each had 17 for the Class A No. 10 Patriots (5-4). Listen Now Podcasts Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Brown police chief placed on leave; Chiefs moving to Kansas | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life & Entertainment Big Time Rush cancels Lincoln show on 'doctor's orders' In October, Big Time Rush announced their 2026 “College Dropout Tour” with plans to visit 15 college campuses. The tour was set to wrap up in Lincoln in February. The best films of 2025: ‘Hamnet,’ ‘One Battle After Another’ lead list This year’s best films come from a number of countries and feature some of the finest performances in decades. Catch up with the latest restaurant news in Lincoln Lincoln's newest restaurants include a Hardees location and a Peruvian chicken restaurant. Other restaurants like Cheba Hut and the Smoking Crab are set to open locations in Lincoln in 2026. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Sponsored How to spot fake ‘we buy houses’ companies before you sign anything Content by 7 Days Cash by Home Downsizing Solutions. Learn what to consider and watch out for when you’re considering selling your home to a cash home-buying company. Contributor How Delaying Care Is Impacting Omaha Residents — and What Helps People Get Treatment Sooner Contributor content. Omaha offers a diverse range of programs, clinics and cost-management resources, making it easier for residents to access the care they need. Sponsored American National Bank’s ‘begin where you are’ approach helps homebuyers at every stage Content by American National Bank. Homebuying education is part of the process at American National Bank. Sponsored OrthoNebraska’s Elkhorn and West Maple expansions bring needed orthopedic care closer to home Content by OrthoNebraska. Access to orthopedic care in West Omaha is expanding in a major way. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Zen Coffee 230 S. 25TH ST. STE 3, OMAHA, NE 68131 Nebraska City Tourism 806 1ST AVE, NEBRASKA CITY, NE 68410 Big Red's Guaranteed Clean 2330 KEYSTONE DR # 101, OMAHA, NE 68134 Print Ads Omaha ARETE AESTHETIC REJUVENATION Omaha LIBERTY LAW GROUP Omaha SNI - NCAN Omaha SNI - NCAN Omaha CREIGHTON UNIVERSITY, MAIN ACCT Omaha SNI - NCAN Coupons OWH ADVERTISING Omaha NODDLE COMPANIES Omaha HOLIDAY LIGHTS FESTIVAL C/O OMAHA PARKS FOUNDATION Omaha CALL B4 U SIGN HVAC × Facebook Twitter Bluesky Instagram Sites & Partners Air Pulse Sarpy County Times Public Notices Inspire Omaha Big Red Brunch Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise with us Join our Team Newsletters Become a Carrier Licensing Shopping Dealer Returns © Copyright 2025 Omaha World-Herald , 2301 N 117th Ave., Suite 201 Omaha, NE 68164 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics all Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Huskers Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe