Omaha News | Omaha World Herald | Read Omaha, NE and Nebraska breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one for $20 + get a $25 reward! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 43° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Region Education Politics Business Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Columnists Sports Huskers Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone Local Sports Professional Lifestyles Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Omaha Dines Contests Comics Puzzles Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Sponsored Content Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Omaha World-Herald Archives Our Properties Airpulse Sarpy County Times Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Auto Sales Marketplace Shop Local Fareway’s Weekly Ad Today's Deal OWH Store Public Notices Submit a Public Notice for Omaha World-Herald SNI Public Notices Shopping Customer Service Manage Omaha Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter Signup Subscribe Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Contact Us Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter Bluesky Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Huskers Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs Autos 43° Sunny Javascript is required to use this website. Omaha Westside squashes rally, bests Omaha Benson after a strong second half Mike Patterson Omaha Westside rode a strong second half to a 61-48 win over Omaha Benson in a first-round game of the Metro Holiday girls basketball tournament Nebraska's second measles case of 2025 reported in Platte County Julie Anderson The cases are the first confirmed in the state since 2017 and come amid numerous outbreaks in other states and countries. The legendary Warren Buffett steps back this week and Berkshire Hathaway enters a new era Josh Funk, Associated Press Greg Abel faces the challenge of taking over Berkshire Hathaway from the legendary Warren Buffett this week. David Hoffmann to become chair of Omaha World-Herald owner after $35 million deal Jacob Barker
St. Louis Post-Dispatch A Florida-based billionaire and Missouri native buys a controlling stake in Lee Enterprises. Papillion-La Vista South boys basketball rallies with late win over Omaha Westview Stu Pospisil Top-ranked and tournament No. 1 seed Millard North won the first of eight games Tuesday at the Metro Conference boys holiday tournament, beating Bellevue East at Omaha Creighton Prep Three-and-out: Quick takes ahead of Nebraska football vs. Utah in the Las Vegas Bowl Check out quick takes from Sam McKewon and Evan Bland ahead of the Huskers' game vs. Utah in the 2025 Las Vegas Bowl. Abbi Durow scores 17 points to help lead Millard South to victory over Bellevue West Mike Patterson Top-seeded Millard West remained unbeaten Tuesday at the Metro holiday tournament. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You Discrimination lawsuit filed by former Carson Group executive dismissed Just: Why Geep Wade jumped at the chance to coach Nebraska's O-line What betting factors matter most for Nebraska in the Las Vegas Bowl? An oddsmaker shares The Latest Quick-thinking witness helps save residents as fire guts historic Lincoln building Lincoln Fire and Rescue responded early Monday morning to an apartment fire in frigid temperatures. Who was Louise Pound? 10 remarkable firsts from UNL pioneer. A high achiever in both athletics and academics, the Victorian era woman will soon be honored with a bronze sculpture on campus. Here are ten reasons why. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. Former Lincoln state senator writes life story: 'There's healing in it. It's fun.' The 50-year-old said the memoir began as a project during the pandemic, when he listened to the audio book of "Greenlights" by actor Matthew McConaughey. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. She broke rules, defied norms — and now UNL is honoring this traiblazer in bronze Pound's athletic and academic accomplishments at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln paved the way for future women, and she'll be honored with a bronze sculpture coming to campus this fall. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 28 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. Omaha neighbors: Obituaries for December 27 Read through the obituaries published today in Omaha World-Herald. Editor's Pick Creighton research project looks at threats posed by invasive species Julie Anderson The National Science Foundation grant is helping researchers study how invasive species are impacting aquatic ecosystems in Iowa's Loess Hills, an area of ecological importance. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video State Sen. Dan McKeon responds to Gov. Jim Pillen's call to resign State Sen. Dan McKeon full press conference The first baby boomers are turning 80 Andy Reid Says He Will Return in 2026 if Chiefs Want Him Back Sports Creighton women's basketball nearly erases Georgetown's big lead, but misses game-winner Georgetown's 19-point lead was too much for the Creighton women to overcome. But they made it close, thanks in large part to Kennedy Townsend's career-high game. Trio of Mavericks help Omaha women notch second win of the season Big games from Sarai Estupinan, Regan Juenemann and Avril Smith helped Omaha beat Briar Cliff in women's basketball on Saturday. Nebraska fan guide: Top 10 things to do in Las Vegas during bowl game visit Here are 10 suggestions that are sure to leave you with good memories of Las Vegas, Nebraska's bowl destination. The Huskers face Utah on Dec. 31. Lincoln Christian hires ex-major leaguer as interim baseball coach "Together, we will pursue excellence in baseball while strengthening our walk with God in every area of life," Jake Diekman says in his biography on the Lincoln Christian website. Listen Now Podcasts Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Brown police chief placed on leave; Chiefs moving to Kansas | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life & Entertainment The best films of 2025: ‘Hamnet,’ ‘One Battle After Another’ lead list This year’s best films come from a number of countries and feature some of the finest performances in decades. Catch up with the latest restaurant news in Lincoln Lincoln's newest restaurants include a Hardees location and a Peruvian chicken restaurant. Other restaurants like Cheba Hut and the Smoking Crab are set to open locations in Lincoln in 2026. Riveting images of faith and spirituality: 30 of AP's best religion photos of 2025 A year of faith through AP’s lens — from crowded squares to quiet acts of devotion. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Sponsored How to spot fake ‘we buy houses’ companies before you sign anything Content by 7 Days Cash by Home Downsizing Solutions. Learn what to consider and watch out for when you’re considering selling your home to a cash home-buying company. Contributor How Delaying Care Is Impacting Omaha Residents — and What Helps People Get Treatment Sooner Contributor content. Omaha offers a diverse range of programs, clinics and cost-management resources, making it easier for residents to access the care they need. Sponsored American National Bank’s ‘begin where you are’ approach helps homebuyers at every stage Content by American National Bank. Homebuying education is part of the process at American National Bank. Sponsored OrthoNebraska’s Elkhorn and West Maple expansions bring needed orthopedic care closer to home Content by OrthoNebraska. Access to orthopedic care in West Omaha is expanding in a major way. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Hyvee 4530 LENA DRIVE, SUIE 101, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055 Woodhouse Auto Family-marketing WOODHOUSE ADMIN BUILDING, OMAHA, NE 68164 Urgent Care of Papillion - Sni 309 S LINCOLN AVE, YORK, NE 68467 Print Ads Omaha HOLIDAY LIGHTS FESTIVAL C/O OMAHA PARKS FOUNDATION Coupons CAKE EXPRESSIONS Omaha JOSLYN ART MUSEUM Omaha UNMC PUBLIC RELATIONS Omaha CHRISTOPHER VELASCO, CHRISTOPHER VELASCO Omaha ARETE AESTHETIC REJUVENATION Coupons T-PAINT Omaha METHODIST HOSPITAL, ANDERSON PARTNERS Omaha DURHAM MUSEUM Omaha OWH THEME PAGE SPACE RESERVATION × Facebook Twitter Bluesky Instagram Sites & Partners Air Pulse Sarpy County Times Public Notices Inspire Omaha Big Red Brunch Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise with us Join our Team Newsletters Become a Carrier Licensing Shopping Dealer Returns © Copyright 2025 Omaha World-Herald , 2301 N 117th Ave., Suite 201 Omaha, NE 68164 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics all Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Huskers Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe