Leading Provider of Shopify Apps - OmegaTheme.com [email protected] Home Services Blog About Us About Omega What we’ve done What we value Life at Omega Support Helpdesk Apps Documents Synctrack - Add Tracking Auto Quantity Price Breaks Facebook Multi Pixels Floatify ‑ CTA, Social Buttons Blockify ‑ Fraud IP Blocker Estimated Shipping Date Facebook Reviews FeedNexa Google Shopping Twitter Multi Pixels Omega Google Tag Tiktok Multi Pixels Omega ‑ Order Tracking Pinterest Multi Pixels Snapchat Multi Pixels Contact Us Start Shopify Trial BFCM Mega Sale Up to 50% OFF We help you streamline operations, prevent fraud, and optimize your checkout, so you can focus on driving more sales without the hassle Explore Now Quality Data to Shopping channels in a Click Optimize product feeds for Merchant Center, automating updates for accurate, ensuring better visibility and high-performing Shopping ads Try for Free Struggling to stay compliant with data regulation? Use a Built for Shopify app Consentik GDPR Cookies Banner will help you effortlessly stay compliant to local data regulation. It's quick, easy, beautiful and lawful. Get started for Free Request quotes & hide price in a snap Complex pricing products and tough buying experience can limit your revenue. Use Quote Snap to make "happy" deals and create “happy” customers. Try now! Track order with ease Synctrack Order Tracking reduces WISMO support requests, delights shopper experience, & upsells new products. Start for free apps & extensions + clients worldwide + reviews Why Omega? We take pride in providing the best-in-class services to help you achieve your business goals. Ecommerce Expertise With 8 years experience in Shopify app building, we have the skills & knowledges to help you success Exceptional Support Dedicated 24/7 support team that provides top-notch assistance Comprehensive Solution We offers a complete range of apps providing full services to elevate businesses of all sizes Our Services We deliver 28 cutting-edge apps that drive sales, boost conversions, and maximize CLV - all with the ultimate goal to take your ecommerce business to the next level of success. Show all Fulfillment Marketing Store design Selling Management Synctrack: Returns & Exchanges Streamline returns & exchanges, refunds and return labels Pareto: Quantity Breaks Boost sales by creating volume discounts, quantity breaks for bulk buy Quote Snap Winner of the 2024 Shopify Build Award , this B2B platform enables merchants to collect and manage quotes with extensive customization and insightful analytics. Consentik GDPR Cookies Consent Avoid legal trouble with a law-compliant, fully customizable and easy cookie banner setup tool Facebook Pixel Track ad better via Multi Pixels, Conversion API, UTM, Catalog DingDoong Let customers choose How, Where and When to receive their orders FeedNexa Google Shopping Optimize your Google Shopping Ads by syncing data-rich product feed to Google Merchant Center Pareto ‑ Order Limit Low stock counter, manage limit quantity, order limits and transform sales strategy with Pareto Synctrack PayPal Tracking Auto-sync PayPal tracking info & Stripe. Faster PayPal funds release, build trust and avoid disputes Tiktok Pixel Optimize right with excellent Facebook Pixel & Conversion API data. Precise insights with UTM report Blockify Fraud filter, Geolocation Redirect and block IP, block country, city, and block bots using Proxy/VPN Snapchat Pixels Rev up Snapchat ad with powerful Snap Pixels & CAPI in a snap Synctrack Order Tracking Keep track of your order progress with real-time order updates and shipment tracking with branded tracking page. Estimated Delivery Date Shipping time message, order deadline & shipping policy Pinterest Pixels Skyrocket your Ads with multiple Pinterest pixels & insights Floatify Floating buttons: Phone, Chat, SMS, Whatsapp live chat. Trustify Reviews Earn your customer trust and boost checkout by showing your Google Business reviews right on store Twitter Pixels Boost your Twitter Ad ROI with powerful Twitter Pixel events Omega Messenger Chat & engage with customers everywhere: Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Instagram, 20+ chat channels Team Showcase Introduce all team members' detail to build trust with clients Blockify Age Verification Add age check, age verification popup & age gate to your store Product Video Gallery Bring engaging videos to your eCommerce to captive more attention and sales Blockify Checkout Rules Customize checkout rules by order limits, hide payment & COD Omega Event Calendar Bring upcoming events from your Facebook Page to Store with eye-catching layouts Auto Tags Auto-tagging your orders tag and customers tag by automation flow Platform we support What our clients are saying Great app and great service from Omega! The time difference made it challenging to get a hold of their helpdesk, but Omega team made it happen (by skipping even more sleep). Boukje V.D. Bosch Director of Ecommerce, Project Playroom Very happy to use this app, even more about the customer support I have always recieved from their team. The customer service is exceptional. There are many options and methods to fine tune the best method to hide prices. Rodrigo Tovar Vélez E-commerce Team Leader, Mercado del Empaque Really great app and the most amazing thing is Omega has a fantastic support team. They are professional, patient and enthusiastic, even though I am only in the free plan phase, which impressed me. They always provide immediate support, which means a lot to me. Eric R. Founder of Urban Fantasy Grow your business with Shopify Start your online journey with a 3-day free trial and enjoy selling for just $1/month for your first 3 months. Join millions of entrepreneurs transforming the shopping experience today! Start Free Trial Recent News Explore our blog for expert insights, reports, and ecommerce tactics specifically designed for Shopify ecommerce businesses. How to Maximize Your Shopify ROI During BFCM Anita Nguyen 2025-11-14 Black Friday and Cyber Monday (BFCM) are the busiest shopping days of the year, with online store... Read More … How to Create Discounts on Shopify 2025: Step-by-Step Tutorial Anita Nguyen 2025-08-14 In the competitive world of online shopping, pricing can be the deciding factor between a visitor... Read More … How to Run High-converting TikTok Ads without the Hassle? Anita Nguyen 2025-03-31 TikTok is quickly becoming one of the most powerful platforms for eCommerce advertising. However,... Read More … About Growth Innovative tech for eCommerce growth Information App Store Analytics Brand Name Generator Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy App Policy Contact Info 8th floor, Hoa Cuong Building 18/11 Thai Ha, Dong Da Dist, Hanoi Head: Hoa Cuong Building 18/11 Thai Ha, Dong Da Dist, Hanoi [email protected] Facebook OmegaTheme Youtube OmegaTheme Wechat OmegaTheme Copyright © XIPAT Flexible Solutions . All Rights Reserved All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Mobile Menu Home Services Blog About Us About Omega What we’ve done What we value Life at Omega Support Helpdesk Apps Documents Synctrack - Add Tracking Auto Quantity Price Breaks Facebook Multi Pixels Floatify ‑ CTA, Social Buttons Blockify ‑ Fraud IP Blocker Estimated Shipping Date Facebook Reviews FeedNexa Google Shopping Twitter Multi Pixels Omega Google Tag Tiktok Multi Pixels Omega ‑ Order Tracking Pinterest Multi Pixels Snapchat Multi Pixels Contact Us Our website uses cookies to improve your experience. Learn more about: Cookie Policy Accept