Object Management Group Home Member Area Login About Us Overview Meet our Staff Structure and Governance SDO Standards Process Our Specifications Brochure OMG Story Groups Domain Technology Committee Business Civic Defense & Military Financial Government Healthcare Manufacturing Mathematical Retail Robotics Space Systems Engineering Unified Architecture Framework Platform Technology Committee Agent AI Analysis & Design Architecture-Driven Modernization Cloud Data Distribution Services Enterprise Knowledge Graph Methods & Tools Middleware Ontology Systems Assurance Cross-Consortia Joint Working Groups AI Joint Working Group Certifications Overview Business Process Management Certified Business Architect Systems Modeling Language Unified Architecture Framework Unified Modeling Language Exam Discounts OMG-Accredited Training Program Sponsorship Professionals Directory Resources Blog Events Exhibits Journal of Innovation Podcasts Press Room Processes Public Document Search Terms & Acronyms Webinars Specifications Popular Catalog In Progress Report Issue(s) RFC Comments Vote Status Archive Communities Managed Communities The Enterprise Knowledge Graph Forum Model-Based Acquisition User Group Systems Modeling Membership Become a Member Current Members Success Stories Liaisons Sponsorship Log-In Log-In Assistance — Reston, VA — OMG Technical Meeting Join us at our next technical meeting March 23-27, 2026 for standards development, engaging discussions, networking and more. Learn More — Globally Recognized — EDM Association Acquires Assets of Object Management Group Creating World's Largest Data and Standards Community Read the Release — Globally Recognized — OMG Certifications Modeling excellence and your gateway to industry leadership! Read more — Future Standards Roadmap — Standards In Progress View current works in progress and RFI, RFP, RFC, RTF/FTF's here. View ❮ ❯ Three Decades of Trailblazing Innovation, Collaborative Excellence, and Connected Success! The Object Management Group® Standards Development Organization (OMG® SDO) is a global, open membership, non-profit consortium. Our members collaborate to craft technology standards that offer measurable value to a diverse range of vertical industries. Membership Specifications Certifications News & Events July 21, 2025 Object Management Group Approves Final Adoption of the SysML V2 Specification Press Release July 15, 2025 Object Management Group Issues Request for Proposals for a DevSecOps Reference Architecture Press Release July 10, 2025 Object Management Group Issues Request for Proposal for Portability and Interoperability of Neural Networks Specification Press Release September 15-19, 2025 Q3 OMG Technical Member Meeting Leeds, UK September 16-18, 2025 DTC Q2 OMG Member Meeting Leeds, UK All Events Press Room Through OMG I was able to rapidly  organize a community of experts for creating desperately needed international standards for measuring software.  OMG's process for creating standards is more rigorous and efficient than that of many other standards bodies.  Through OMG's fasttrack, we have been able to move our most important standards to ISO. Dr. Bill Curtis, SVP & Chief Scientist, CAST Software DASSAULT SYSTEMES is in the business of technology and innovation . Technology standards and compliance are of utmost importance to us. We have a long history working with OMG who is the industry leader for standardization, not only to ensure compliance but also contribute to development of new standards. We have unique expertise in systems and software engineering, especially MBSE, and we want to contribute our knowledge and know-how to the community. OMG is also a place to meet the best of minds in the industry, to share and learn, and together to shape the future landscape of technology and systems engineering. Gan Wang, Vice President, Systems Engineering Ecosystem at Dassault Systemes, INCOSE Fellow and ESEP I have promoted OMG technologies fiercely in Australia for over 2 decades. I have seen others reinvent the wheel instead of actually bothering to read the OMG specs and realize that bright people have already thought of most that they need. Darren Kelly, Webel IT Australia Membership in the OMG provides a number of substantial benefits. For Lockheed Martin, this goes beyond participation in the development of language and technology standards, providing opportunities for real collaboration across industry and providers that really help enable our business success and digital transformation. Chris Schreiber, Lockheed Martin Besides the travel opportunities, the OMG offers a unique way to interact with peers and experts in a way that is simply not possible within the typical enterprise or with vendors. The OMG offers access to others solving similar problems as well as industry thought leaders in a collaborative atmosphere. Users’ needs and perspectives then get factored into standards and products through both the formal and cultural processes. Cory Casanave, CEO, President, Model Driven Solutions Over the last 20 years, OMG has extended its roots from developing standards in Middleware (CORBA) to Application Design (UML) and more recently Business Process Management (BPMN), Enterprise Architecture (UPDMTM) and Case Management. This flexibility to shape standards in key technologies and industries using its strength in modeling standards is a key reason why IBM, our partners and customers are at OMG and implementing many of these standards in our products. Sridhar Iyengar, Distinguished Engineer, TJ Watson Research Center, IBM We see membership in OMG as a privilege, enabling our thought leaders to help define some of the most important standards applied in today's international software industry. OMG also provides the opportunity for us to work with partners competitors, customers, prospect and academics, giving us highly valuable industry knowledge and contacts, ultimately delivering real business benefits. Hedley Apperly, PTC I have been employed by members of the OMG for 25 years.  I started as a user of OMG specifications and am currently a tool vendor focused on OMG modeling specifications.  As a user, I appreciated the ability to make our voice heard in the task force discussions and influencing the modeling specifications as they were developed.  It was important to me to know that the tool vendors listened to the users, so when the opportunity arose for me to switch hats, I wanted to make sure I did the same as a tool vendor representative.  The collaboration of OMG members is one of the organization's strengths. J.D. Baker, Sparx Systems Membership of the OMG has enabled Tata Consultancy Services to establish leadership positions in creating specifications for standardizations in different consultancy business domains, including but not limited to, the domains of building consultancy methods and tools (via standards like ESSENCE™), data ontologies, cloud, banking, retail, internet of things, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, regulations, and higher education. Sumeet Malhotra, Infinity Technology Incorporated For three decades MITRE has found impact, insight, and value from being a Member of the OMG alongside a wide variety of industry, government, and academia.  The OMG's focus on model-based interoperable standards that can enable and empower vendors and end-users with standards-based solutions is an exciting and powerful ability, shown over and over again by the standards published from OMG and their uptake and use in the market. OMG's guidance and review process brings out the best of those teams that work standards with the OMG. Bob Martin, MITRE Sponsors Platinum: Gold: Silver: Bronze: BECOME A SPONSOR Useful Links Structure & Governance Legal Meet Our Staff Contact Us Diversity & Inclusion Policy Membership About Us The Object Management Group® (OMG®) is an international, open membership, not-for-profit technology standards consortium. Founded in 1989, OMG standards are driven by vendors, end-users, academic institutions and government agencies. OMG Task Forces develop enterprise integration standards for a wide range of technologies and an even wider range of industries. » Read more . JOIN OUR MAILING LIST Contact Us 9C Medway Road, PMB 274 Milford, MA 01757 USA Ph.+1 781 444-0404 Fax +1 781-444-0320 [email protected] Copyright © 2025 Object Management Group®, OMG® |  All Rights Reserved Connect with us