Email Marketing Software for Ecommerce | Omnisend Features Pricing Migration Integrations Resources Help center Agency partners Support Start free Request demo Log in Main meniu CHANNELS All features Omnisend’s full toolkit to convert and grow Email marketing Build better relationships with customers SMS Text your customers around the world Web push notifications Instantly retarget your customers GET YOUR SALES ROLLING 1 Build your list 2 Automate 3 Send campaigns shortcuts Omnisend AI Segmentation Reporting Channels Support Start free Request demo Log in Main meniu MIGRATE EASILY Migration See just how easy it is to switch to Omnisend Migrate from Klaviyo Save money and get better deliverability Migrate from Mailchimp Upgrade your email & SMS marketing Migrate from Yotpo Keep your SMS & email campaigns running Start free Request demo Log in Main meniu Explore integrations With over 160+ pre-built integrations and flexible APIs, you can easily centralize data from across your tech stack App market Make the most out of your data and unlock powerful growth marketing possibilities  with these other top marketing tools. API docs Build any custom integration with our open, flexible APIs that are simple to use and implement. OMNISEND BUILT FOR OFFER APPS FOR Check out apps that have been stealing all the spotlight. Email capture Loyalty & rewards Advertising Email builder Subscriptions Start free Request demo Log in Main meniu LEARN & GROW YOUR BUSINESS Blog Email and SMS marketing insights, ecommerce resources, and the latest Omnisend news Webinars Expert-led sessions covering email, SMS, and ecommerce marketing strategies. Omnisend academy Educational video and live training to help you make the most out of Omnisend. DOWNLOADS AND GOODIES Ebooks Reports Tools hub Template gallery Success stories NEED HELP? Help center Contact us Product updates Start free Request demo Log in Help center Support Agency partners Log in Features All features Omnisend’s full toolkit to convert and grow Email marketing Build better relationships with customers SMS Text your customers around the world Web push notifications Instantly retarget your customers GET YOUR SALES ROLLING WITH OMNISEND 1 Build your list Grow your audience and extend your reach by collecting contact details from your visitors. 2 Automate Save time and boost your sales by using pre-built automations that run themselves. 3 Send campaigns Reach out to your subscribers with on-brand email campaigns and watch your sales grow. FEATURES Omnisend AI Segmentation Reporting Channels Support Pricing Migration MIGRATE EASILY Migration See just how easy it is to switch to Omnisend Migrate from Klaviyo Save money and get better deliverability Migrate from Mailchimp Upgrade your email & SMS marketing Migrate from Yotpo Keep your SMS & email campaigns running Integrations Explore integrations With over 160+ pre-built integrations and flexible APIs, you can easily centralize data from across your tech stack App market Make the most out of your data and unlock powerful growth marketing possibilities  with these other top marketing tools. API docs Build any custom integration with our open, flexible APIs that are simple to use and implement. OMNISEND BUILT FOR OFFER APPS FOR Check out apps that have been stealing all the spotlight. Email capture Loyalty & rewards Advertising Email builder Subscriptions Resources LEARN & GROW YOUR BUSINESS Blog Email and SMS marketing insights, ecommerce resources, and the latest Omnisend news. Webinars Expert-led sessions covering email, SMS, and ecommerce marketing strategies. Omnisend academy Educational video and live training to help you make the most out of Omnisend. DOWNLOADS AND GOODIES Template gallery From email templates to form galleries, all designed to make your work easier Tools hub AI Free interactive and AI tools to save more time and money Success stories Get real stories of how Omnisend's email & SMS marketing platform is helping  brands grow. Ebooks Our collection of ebooks and whitepapers full of best practices for ecommerce marketers Reports Latest trends & stats about omnichannel marketing FEATURED POST Ecommerce Marketing Assistant AI-powered guide to smarter email and SMS campaigns! Get AI-driven marketing insights! NEED HELP? Help center Contact us Product updates Request demo Book a demo Start free Email & SMS marketing so good, it’s boring You’ve got enough exciting stuff to worry about. Let us be the reliable platform you can depend on. Make on average $68* for every $1 spent. Start free See pricing Connect Omnisend to your platform Your browser does not support the video tag. Another feature drop? Groundbreaking... We took the boring tasks off your plate. Curious which ones? See it in action Learn more Powering brands loved by millions EMAIL + SMS MARKETING Powerful alone, unbeatable together Engage your shoppers wherever they are with integrated email & SMS campaigns. All templates are 100% customizable, so you can give your customers the on-brand, personalized experience they love. All powered by tools that are intuitive, not intimidating. 47.7% Based on The 2020 Marketing Automation Statistics Report by Omnisend. Higher conversion rate with SMS combined with email Learn more about our channels Trusted by tech experts and users Client testimonials Reviews Featured in Influencers Clients “It’s intuitive, integrates well with Shopify, doesn’t have a steep learning curve, and has great reporting which helps us to understand the results. It’s evolving quickly to meet our needs — and that helps us keep growing.” Maria Nakazono CRM/Digital Marketing Specialist at Salomon Japan “We see amazing results from our automated emails. Our cart abandonment especially stands out with an 87% conversion rate and $7.44 revenue per email.” Allison Caufield Senior marketing manager at FiGPiN “With just one hour invested (and zero financial input) into Omnisend’s email capture features, our newsletter signups jumped by 150% in four weeks.” Kylie Porter-Wright Owner at Black Mango “The data we’ve gotten from Omnisend has been super beneficial, netting us nearly $8,000 in sales for an average email campaign.” Lauren Rose Email and social media marketing manager at B-Wear "Great experience and enjoy the consistent and reliable automated email marketing that frees up my time" Nate P. "Overall, Omnisend is a good option for any small or medium sized business's marketing function. It probably actually does boost sales materially, and it's one of the few companies that can actually deliver on that talking point." Greg U. "Omnisend was really good for SMS and Email Marketing. Love the reporting, love the heat map to show user cases, and A/B testing is easy to deploy." Jisselle B. "The automation works lovely. We have made more sales using practical workflows, like the abandoned cart. We love the pop-up and the dynamic sales discount codes." Marbe B. "Omnisend helped me to create great abandoned cart emails and flows. My revenue from email skyrocketed, not only recovering abandoned carts but also when broadcasting content emails." Nuno C. "Omnisend was really good for SMS and Email Marketing. Love the reporting, love the heat map to show user cases, and A/B testing is easy to deploy." Jisselle B. "Omnisend was a game-changer regarding our e-mail marketing! We love how easy and fast is to customize our e-mail templates, we've got compliments from customers and it helped us to boost sales. The customer service is also great and the tutorial videos are very well explained. I highly recommend it!" Aline L "Have been using Omnisend as our email marketing platform for about a year...switched from Mailchimp. Omnisend's software has been easy to use and their Customer service is excellent! They are pretty quick answering any questions we've had so far." The Jerky Hut Online Omnisend is an excellent tool that allows me to effortlessly deliver value to my audience while simultaneously boosting sales. Ferdy Korpershoek Influencer Omnisend makes my campaigns easy and delivers real result - it’s my go-to for email marketing and engagement Ecom King Ecommerce influencer And thousands more of 5-star reviews: 4.8 / 5 4.6 / 5 4.9 / 5 4.5 / 5 Get award-winning customer support With a Stevie Award for fantastic customer support and more than 4,500 five-star customer reviews , we know how to get support right. Get top-notch 24/7 customer support to help your business grow. Meet amazing people behind our support Emily Matija Armintas Gintarė Monika Šarūnas Edgaras Start free See our pricing plans Over 4,500+ 5-star customer reviews Automation Money doesn’t sleep (but you can) Save time with pre-built automations that engage and sell. From welcome series to abandoned cart recovery, and post-purchase campaigns, Omnisend does the heavy lifting, so you don’t have to. Learn more about automation segmentation Personalization that’s intuitive (not frustrating) Target the right people with the right message at the right time with unlimited segments that update in real time. Group your audiences based on campaign activity, shopping behavior, and more. 62.2% Based on The 2020 Marketing Automation Statistics Report by Omnisend. Higher order rate with segmented campaigns . Get a second chance every time someone abandons their basket Learn more about segmentation Connect Omnisend to your ecommerce platform Omnisend integrates with hundreds of ecommerce tools in a single click. It’s so smooth, you’ll wonder why other tools feel so clunky. Explore our integrations why switch Get up and running in 30 minutes Make the move today Trusted by tech experts and users Client testimonials Reviews Featured in Influencers Clients “It’s intuitive, integrates well with Shopify, doesn’t have a steep learning curve, and has great reporting which helps us to understand the results. It’s evolving quickly to meet our needs — and that helps us keep growing.” Maria Nakazono CRM/Digital Marketing Specialist at Salomon Japan “We see amazing results from our automated emails. Our cart abandonment especially stands out with an 87% conversion rate and $7.44 revenue per email.” Allison Caufield Senior marketing manager at FiGPiN “With just one hour invested (and zero financial input) into Omnisend’s email capture features, our newsletter signups jumped by 150% in four weeks.” Kylie Porter-Wright Owner at Black Mango “The data we’ve gotten from Omnisend has been super beneficial, netting us nearly $8,000 in sales for an average email campaign.” Lauren Rose Email and social media marketing manager at B-Wear "Great experience and enjoy the consistent and reliable automated email marketing that frees up my time" Nate P. "Overall, Omnisend is a good option for any small or medium sized business's marketing function. It probably actually does boost sales materially, and it's one of the few companies that can actually deliver on that talking point." Greg U. "Omnisend was really good for SMS and Email Marketing. Love the reporting, love the heat map to show user cases, and A/B testing is easy to deploy." Jisselle B. "The automation works lovely. We have made more sales using practical workflows, like the abandoned cart. We love the pop-up and the dynamic sales discount codes." Marbe B. "Omnisend helped me to create great abandoned cart emails and flows. My revenue from email skyrocketed, not only recovering abandoned carts but also when broadcasting content emails." Nuno C. "Omnisend was really good for SMS and Email Marketing. Love the reporting, love the heat map to show user cases, and A/B testing is easy to deploy." Jisselle B. "Omnisend was a game-changer regarding our e-mail marketing! We love how easy and fast is to customize our e-mail templates, we've got compliments from customers and it helped us to boost sales. The customer service is also great and the tutorial videos are very well explained. I highly recommend it!" Aline L "Have been using Omnisend as our email marketing platform for about a year...switched from Mailchimp. Omnisend's software has been easy to use and their Customer service is excellent! They are pretty quick answering any questions we've had so far." The Jerky Hut Online Omnisend is an excellent tool that allows me to effortlessly deliver value to my audience while simultaneously boosting sales. Ferdy Korpershoek Influencer Omnisend makes my campaigns easy and delivers real result - it’s my go-to for email marketing and engagement Ecom King Ecommerce influencer And thousands more of 5-star reviews: 4.8 / 5 4.6 / 5 4.9 / 5 4.5 / 5 Join the 150,000+ brands who trust Omnisend to help their business grow. Start free See pricing 4,500+ glowing reviews Get plan recommendation Not sure which plan fits you best? In 15 minutes, you’ll get expert help and a plan tailored to your business. No pressure — just helpful advice. Talk to a Specialist Maybe later The top-rated marketing automation platform for ecommerce. Get insights about omnichannel marketing automation and Omnisend news. Once per month. No spam, ever! For more details, check our Privacy Policy . Product Features Pricing Multi-store accounts Reviews Help Center Developer center App market Platforms Shopify Shopify Plus BigCommerce WordPress WooCommerce Wix Shoplazza Ecwid Comparisons Omnisend vs. Attentive Omnisend vs. Klaviyo Omnisend vs. Mailchimp Klaviyo competitors Brevo alternatives MailerLite alternatives Best email marketing software Partners Partner programs Affiliate partners Technology partners Agency partners Partner portal LOG IN Agency directory Omnisend About us Contact us Careers hiring Blog Webinars Success stories Customer Support Bug Bounty Newsroom AI info Disclaimers *The average return of $68 for every dollar spent is based on our internal analysis. This figure is an estimate based on ecommerce revenue attributed to Omnisend US merchants using paid plans for email, SMS, and push campaigns & automations in 2023 and 2024, representing a two-year average. Actual results may vary depending on individual circumstances, market conditions, region, and other factors. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Pricing comparisons with leading ESPs are based on publicly available standard rates. While we often offer lower prices, actual costs may vary depending on specific service needs and competitor pricing at the time. We do not guarantee the lowest price in every instance. Check our terms and current pricing for the most accurate comparison. © Omnisend 2025 Status Data processing agreement Terms of use Privacy policy Anti-spam policy Manage cookie settings Modern Slavery Statement