Brand Lift | Measurement Data You Can Trust | On Device Skip to content Brand Lift Products Cross-Media Resources Company Brand Lift Products Cross-Media Resources Company Login Contact us Hello, we're On Device. Brand Lift data you can trust . Our advanced Brand Lift measurement helps our partners build data assets to measure campaign performance, improve media planning and enhance ad targeting. Get in touch Some of our clients Our Products We remove measurement complexity, so you can understand campaign performance across and between online and offline media. Our Brand Lift Products Download our latest guide Brand Lift's Biggest Mistake Discover the pitfalls of Ad Recall based Brand Lift measurement. Download our essential guide. Download Guide Our Unique Measurement System Single source exposure technology Consistent measurements across all media Passive Research Methodology Reliable control and exposed comparisons Quality-assured Panel Trusted, ID verified first-party consumer panel Actionable Insight Expert analysis and recommendations Our Brand Lift Report & Scorecard We reveal the truth about campaign performance and make solid recommendations to enhance the effectiveness of future plans. Discover how Volkswagen used Cross-Media Brand Lift Measurement to reveal the drivers of brand love. Find out how Volkswagen used On Device's advanced measurement technology to understand the effectiveness of their cross-media advertising and identify granular brand lift insights in our latest case study. See more Ready to find out more? Get in touch to learn how our comprehensive Brand Lift measurement system and award-winning insight can remove uncertainty from your media plans. Some of our recent work Pepsi CO & OMD PepsiCo & OMD commissioned On Device Research to provide a ‘Always on’ solution that provided a view of PepsiCo's performance across 4 beverage brands which would help inform planning and future... PayPal & Yahoo Yahoo commissioned On Device Research to understand the impact of PayPal’s advertising campaign across both digital native and connected TV platforms to better understand how the activity helped shift awareness... McDonald's & OMD McDonald's via OMD commissioned On Device Research to understand the impact of their audio advertising campaign via Audacia. They ultimately wanted to better understand how their campaign helped shift awareness... Read more Read more Read more Some of our awards London - Singapore - Sydney Hello! We're On Device. We’re a Brand Lift measurement company on a mission to measure and enhance brand effectiveness. Sitemap Brand Lift Products Cross-Media Case Studies Resources YouTube Channel Blog Measurement Medical Cross-Media Whitepaper Brand Lift's Biggest Mistake Company Manifesto About Team Careers Book a Call On Device Research Limited Summit House 12 Red Lion Square London WC1R 4QH United Kingdom © 2025 On Device Research Limited / Company no. 07329573 Privacy Policy  | Terms & Conditions