Your choice regarding cookies on this site

This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used. For the full details please see our Privacy Policy.

AcceptRejectCookie Preferences
Skip to main content
Data solutions
Raw Data
Audience Data
AI Audiences
Data Enrichment
OnAudience Curate
Cookieless solutions
Clients
Data Partners
Platforms
Marketers & Agencies
Data science teams
Publishers
Investors & consulting
Partners
Resources
Blog
Case studies
About us
Contact
Global data provider.

We fuel digital campaigns and business solutions through high quality data with global reach

Let's talk about data
⏸
Use high-quality data to
run cookieless campaigns
build custom segments
target your audience
analyze online behaviour
reach users on many devices
deliver personalized ads
run cookieless campaigns
build custom segments
target your audience
analyze online behaviour
reach users on many devices
deliver personalized ads
Our high-quality data is your campaigns’ success
25 B+
devices
200+
markets
3,900+
predefined
segments
We process data globally.
Our operations comprise the regions of North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.
Trusted partner that delivers data from 200+ markets
Efficient technology
our technological platform processes data from billions of devices across the world
High-quality data
we provide verified data that undergoes rigorous quality checks regularly
Own data science team
our team helps you in preparing specific data sets that meet your business needs
Check what our customers say about our data

We were extremely pleased with the extensive data scale in the APAC region, which allowed us to enhance our database. The dedicated teams at OnAudience, including their data and support teams, provided exceptional guidance throughout the entire process, ensuring a smooth experience.

Antonio Lee
Manager, Data Supply & Solution

OnAudience plays a pivotal role in empowering the Microsoft Advertising platform through a global scale of high-quality data. This strategic collaboration has enabled our customers to seamlessly connect with their desired target audiences, resulting in maximizing campaign outcomes and remarkable performance metrics. With an unwavering commitment to professionalism, the OnAudience team tailors a personalized approach to every case, ensuring optimal results and unparalleled client satisfaction.

Fons Schuurmans
Partner Manager

OnAudience’s data-driven approach has been invaluable to PubMatic as we build deep partnerships with the world’s largest brands, agencies, and DSPs. OnAudience high-quality & custom audience segments help us showcase our industry-leading scale and efficiency, and to activate custom auction packages.

Mark Williams
Senior Director, Audience Solutions, EMEA

We were looking for a reliable data provider who delivers specific audience data to fuel online campaigns. The OnAudience team proved to be a great choice due to their exceptional customer service, quick response time, and attention to detail. They seamlessly provided us high-quality, scalable audiences for our campaigns

Konstantin von Wedel
Agency & Client Strategy Manager

OnAudience have been a great partner to Intuizi since the early stages of our business – we have worked with them in a variety of ways, have problem-solved and experimented together to find innovative, creative and different solutions, and look forward to continuing that relationship over time

Dave Katz
Co-Founder

We have been happy OnAudience customers for a handful of years now because of their global coverage and ability to get the things we need done quicker than anybody else.

Kasper Skou
CEO
Privacy-safe & GDPR-compliant data for reaching your new clients
We follow the best market standards (Transparency & Consent Framework by IAB)
We comply with GDPR & CCPA
We partner with international brands
What’s new at OnAudience
Check what’s hot on the AdTech industry and read the latest news about OnAudience.
Why AI Audiences Is the New Standard for Agencies, Media Planners & Programmatic Traders

22nd December 2025

Read more
How to Use AI Audiences: A Step-by-Step Guide

15th December 2025

Read more
OnAudience Enhances AI Audiences: Manage Custom Segments in One Dashboard

8th December 2025

Read more
Want to know how to use data to reach your customers? Let’s talk!

Contact us and let’s talk about using data in your business.
Our team will choose the best data solution to your specific business needs.

Talk to us
AI Audience Builder

Turn your briefs into audiences in seconds

Try it now
Follow us
Products
Raw Data
Audience Data
Data Enrichment
Cookieless solutions
Company
About us
Partners
Careers
Contact
For Startups
Resources
Blog
Case studies
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Internet Advertising Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Opt-out
Cookie settings
©2016-2025 OnAudience Ltd Part of