OneStore™ | ONE App to Replace Them All Partnership Promo REDEEM Features Integrations Partners Partner Program Partner Guide Blog Log In Try for Free 97% of People Who Visit Your Site Never Buy Are You Using One-Click Checkout Upsell, Social Proof, Gamification, Email Automation, SMS Marketing & A/B Testing to Maximize Sales? Try for Free Book Demo Watch Video Tour × 88 people are viewing this product Verified by ONE Alex from Los Angeles, CA Signed up for acting master class 12 hours ago Verified by
                                            ONE Michelle from Lincoln, NE Recently Bought a Cuffed Natural Beanie 12 hours ago Verified by
                                            ONE 5.0 (2,450 reviews) Over 2,450 5-Star Reviews on Shopify App Store! Our app is beloved for its ease-of-use and best-in-class customer support you can count on. I'm so pleased to have found this app! This app has countless marketing tools and actually consider customer needs. They're always willing to help and might I add that this they're response is close to immediate. I would recommend this app to any business, big/small, for all marketing tools such as newsletters, email automation, popups and so many others... Gardenvale South Africa They are amazing here. The customer service is always top notch here besides a great product. I always tell anybody to use this app for their store. The people here go over and beyond to assist you and product does more for you than you would expect. Again, thank you for everything you all are doing at One. I can't express how much you would really like their service. This is a must have for any business. 177JAN6 Company United States Case Study Over $50,000+ of additional sales within 30 days of installing ONE Industry: Boutique Apparel Reseller Apps: Spin Wheel Pop Up, Cart Recovery, Post-Purchase Upsell This is one of the best apps on Shopify. I am just sorry I did not find it sooner. Honestly, I find it easier to use than Klaviyo and even though I just installed it, I am in love with it and what it can do. Everyone should check it out. The email templates and the spinning wheels have incredible designs. I can't wait to move on to implement more of its functions in my store. Oh, and the customer service is the best... Pinaglare Collection United States I've just started to use this app after searching high and low for an easy to use, shopify integrated newsletter, subscriber pop up and landing page app. The UI seems intuitive, which is a relief as I'm not very techie. I have a great feeling about using ONE for all my ecommerce marketing needs. Thanks for being there for small businesses - we really need this kind of support to get our businesses off the ground... B3KI Spain Case Study Collected 120,000 contacts and made $13,000 of additional upsold GMV Industry: Handmade Jewelry Apps: Spin Wheel Pop Up, Post-Purchase Upsell Client Statistics Impressions 60,943,882,426 PURCHASES 80,725,938 EMAILS 145,029,873 SMS 23,278,092 Use Social Proof Like Orbitz, Hotels.com and AirBnB Social Proof Notifications are a simple and genuine way to capture the
                attention of your site visitors
                while building urgency to purchase your products. 42 people are viewing this site Verified by
                                        ONE Live Visitor Count Your site is popular, let others know! Also known as creating "FOMO." Recent Activity Build confidence with customers by showing real orders. Michelle from Lincoln, NE Recently Bought a Cuffed Natural Beanie 12 hours ago Verified by
                                        ONE Try Social Proof Try Live Preview Enter your online business link and see a live preview on your website Take Your Popups to the Next Level Gamified Popups are the key to building a genuine and positive relationship
                with your site visitors
                while enticing them to signup or purchase your products. Exit Intent Triggers Presents every visitor with an engaging popup milliseconds before
                            leaving your site. Interactive Game Fortune Wheel dramatically grows your emails and sales by offering
                            discount coupons. Try Fortune Wheel Try Live Preview Enter your online business link and see a live preview on your website Loved by 150,000+ Businesses Brittany Havranek Owner, 402&Beyond.com "I installed OneStore last week and wow! It looks great and
                            the team is
                            super responsive and helpful. It's an awesome plug-in for my WooCommerce store." Peter Friis CEO, PRVolt.com "OneStore makes sure that I get the highest ROI on my
                            marketing campaigns
                            by encouraging as many customers to purchase. I wouldn’t market without it." Adam Landis CEO, Ad Libertas "I was surprised that something so easy to install had such a
                            positive
                            impact. OneStore has increased my sales, automatically!" Try for Free Product Features Integrations Testimonials Sign
                            up Partnerships Partner Programs Agency Partner Program Affiliate Partner Program Technology Partner Program Integrations Library Company Home Contact TOS Privacy Policy Cookie
                        Policy OneStore. All rights reserved.