One NZ. For Kiwi. For New Zealand. refresh main_icn_Bill_or_Report shopping-trolley 'Tis your one stop shop Get $1 deals when you’re on a selected Pay Monthly or Prepay Plus plan. Shop $1 deals Eligibility criteria & terms apply. Top up prepay Pay bill Phone deals Change mobile plan Move broadband Connect with eSIM Our 2G and 3G networks will shut down from end of December 2025 to enable faster 4G and 5G connectivity. Check how to stay connected. One for you. One for business. One for Aotearoa. One NZ is the place for all your mobile, broadband and business needs. We’re operated by locals so we can invest more into the things New Zealanders care about. A bajillion Phone Dollars up for grabs Check how many you could get, for your next interest-free upgrade. Use Phone Dollars towards interest-free phones, with One NZ Pay Monthly and mininum $99 deposit. Eligibility and terms apply, see one.nz/one-wallet. What's in your One Wallet Get a better phone whenever you want Looking for a nice new phone? Explore our smarty-pants ways to get a smarty-pants phone. Explore mobile phones Stay close from far away With One NZ Satellite you can TXT and use select apps from anywhere in NZ you can see the sky. Explore One NZ Satellite The one for business We are here to help Kiwi businesses thrive. Take care of all your mobile, broadband, and security needs through our local and global networks. Explore business solutions One for Aotearoa We believe in the magic of technology and aim to create a safer, simpler and more connected Aotearoa for Kiwi and Kiwi businesses. Te Rourou, One Aotearoa Foundation The Foundation digs deep into communities to drive real change and support our youth. We’re proud to be shaping brighter futures for our rangatahi by mixing hands-on help with key funding and initiatives. Learn about Te Rourou One Plan™ A mobile plan like no other with unlimited max speed data for only $85 a month. Get One Plan™ One Wallet Earn Phone Dollars to save big on your next interest-free upgrade. Explore One Wallet Connect with broadband Work, play, watch, or learn with fast, reliable broadband. Choose the broadband option for you. Explore broadband One Smart Network A faster, more secure and reliable network for Aotearoa. Explore One Smart Network One Pin Drop a pin to tell us where you are experiencing a poor signal and help us to create a better connected Aotearoa. Drop a pin Get a new phone for less Every Phone Dollar equals one real dollar off the price of a new interest-free phone. Check how many you could get. What’s in your One Wallet Use Phone Dollars towards interest-free phones,
with One NZ Pay Monthly & min $99 deposit. Eligibility &
terms apply, see one.nz/one-wallet. Popular deals on interest free Check out our range of interest free phone deals – there's one for everyone. Shop our latest deals Browse all phones Satellite TXT ready on eligible Pay Monthly plans* Save $1464 Samsung Galaxy S25 $1 a month on 36 months interest-free with a monthly $85 One Plan™ and min. $99 deposit. From $ 1 .00 / month Min. $99 deposit required. Available on 36-month term. Shop Galaxy S25 Satellite TXT ready on eligible Pay Monthly plans* Save $564 OPPO Reno13 F $1 a month on 36 months interest-free with a $50+ Pay Monthly plan and min. $99 deposit. From $ 1 .00 / month Min. $99 deposit required. Available on 36-month term. Shop OPPO Reno13 F Frequently asked questions - $1 a month deal 1. How does the $1 a month deal offer work? Buy an eligible phone on an eligible Pay Monthly or Business mobile plan interest-free for 36 months (with $99 deposit) and get the phone for only $1 a month. Eligible phones available until 6 January 2026, see the Offer eligibility table . 2. How will this show up on my bill? You will be charged the standard monthly phone cost, and then credited back an amount so you will have a net payment of $1 a month for the phone. i.e. The Samsung Galaxy A56 5G phone cost is $799. The standard monthly cost over 36 months (minus $99 deposit) is $19.44 per month, so you will be credited $18.45 per month ($16.04+ GST). This leaves a net total of $1 a month for the phone, plus eligible Pay Monthly plan cost. 3. Can I buy a $1 a month deal phone if I already have a phone on interest-free? Yes, you can still purchase a selected phone with the $1 a month offer on an eligible plan for 36 months, but you will lose any existing interest-free discount you may have. You will also be required to pay back any outstanding amount due on your interest-free payment with your next bill. 4. What happens if I change my Pay Monthly plan within the 36 months interest-free term? You must stay on the eligible Pay Monthly plan that you initially signed up to (or higher) for the entire interest-free term – i.e. 36 months. The monthly discount will be lost for the remainder of the term if you move to an ineligible plan. 5. What happens If I cancel my Pay Monthly mobile plan within the 36-month interest-free term? If you cancel your plan, you will be required to pay back the remaining balance of the phone cost in full and any remaining monthly phone credits will be lost. 6. Can I buy a higher memory variant of the phone in the offer? Yes, you can buy a higher memory variant of the phone. While this won’t be $1 a month, the same total discount is available no matter the memory variant, on a 36-month interest-free term with the eligible Pay Monthly plan. Please refer to the Offer Eligibility table for an example of how the deal will work with a higher memory variant phone. 7. How does the $1 a month deal offer work with One Wallet? You cannot use your One Wallet Phone Dollars towards a $1 a month deal. 8. How does the $1 a month deal offer work with trade-in? You cannot get a $1 a month deal with trade-in. 9. How does the $1 a month deal offer work with One Upgrade? If you’re buying a $1 a month deal, you can add One Upgrade as a monthly add-on. If you currently have a One Upgrade add-on, you can get a $1 a month deal like any other interest-free offer, however the $99 deposit required for a $1 a month deal will be spread out over the 36-month interest-free term, making the total monthly repayment more than $1 per month. Redemption fees may also apply. 10. Can I get a $1 a month phone offer with a $1 a month accessory offer? Yes, you can buy a $1 a month phone alongside a $1 a month accessory. Terms, conditions and frequently asked questions See $1 a month deals terms here. Offer terms : See full interest-free savings and/or gift offer terms. Interest free: Total monthly cost is phone repayment cost plus plan cost. Min $99 deposit required. Balance of phone cost must be repaid if you exit, transfer or trade down your plan before your interest-free term expires, and any remaining discount will be lost. Eligibility criteria and terms apply, see Interest Free terms and Mobile terms. Pay Monthly plans: Speeds reduced to a maximum of 1.2Mbps after Max Speed data allowance exceeded. Unlimited voice calls & TXT to standard NZ & Aus numbers (e.g. no short codes or MMS/PXT). Personal Mobile use only. Fair use terms, Mobile terms and Pay Monthly terms apply. 5G: 5G live in parts of select NZ cities. See our 5G coverage. For more about 5G, see one.nz/5G. *One NZ Satellite: TXT/MMS in minutes and use data on select apps. Requires eligible phone and plan, and line of sight to the sky. Limited app features. Paid Add-On may apply. Terms, fair use, standard MMS charges and capacity control applies. See one.nz/satellite. What is One NZ Satellite? With One NZ Satellite you can TXT, send attachments (like photos and voice notes) and access apps like WhatsApp and Google Maps when you are in the 40% of New Zealand there is no cell tower coverage. You need to be able to see the sky and have an eligible phone and plan. See one.nz/satellite. What does satellite-ready phone mean? This means we have thoroughly tested that One NZ Satellite will work on this phone model, on an eligible plan. Check eligibility. We’re here to help Contact our team Send us a message or call us Help and support Find answers fast Find us Find a store near you Internet Explorer Not Supported Please note that we do not support Internet Explorer. For optimal browsing we recommend Chrome, Safari, or Firefox.