Toggle navigation OneAll
Signup For Free
Login
Products & Services
Plans & Pricing
About & Contact
Data Protection
Products & Services
Social Network Integration Integrate more than 35 social networks into your website or mobile app. Reduce development time and eliminate maintenance costs.
User Engagement Solutions Drive continuous user engagement with our commenting and sharing services. A centralized dashboard allows you to track interactions.
Customer Identity and Access Management Reunite your user information in a state-of-the-art security environment compliant with all US & EU data protection laws.
Plans & Pricing
Personal Plans Personal plans are best suited for individuals who want to easily integrate social networks into their blog, forum or website.
Premium & Enterprise Plans Enterprise-level plans are best suited for companies, be it growing startups, established businesses or large corporate enterprises.
Additional Info
Documentation Discover our implementation guides, turnkey plugins and a full fledged REST API.
Support Forums Check out our community forums and get help from other OneAll customers.
Affiliate Program Join our affiliate program and earn money by recommending OneAll.
About & Contact Get more information about OneAll and contact us for any questions that you might have.
Data Protection Go ahead. Call us neurotic. When it comes to data protection, we’ll take it as a compliment.
Login
Signup For Free
Focus on people, not technology.
Reunite and access your user data originating from different sources in a state-of-the-art security environment powered by web-delivered tools and a full-fledged JSON/REST API. Focus on your users and let us take care of the technology.
User integration and storage as a service. Used on a daily basis by small websites, growing startups and large enterprises.

OneAll is used by more than 300,000 websites worldwide, including small blogs, growing startups and large corporate enterprises. Our User Integration Platform is processing millions of user profiles for tens of thousands of websites and apps. Our customers rely on our services for handling their social network integration and securely storing their user profile data.

Social Network Integration

Opt for a cloud-based social network integration to reduce in-house development time and eliminate maintenance costs. We constantly monitor the APIs and technologies of the social networks and update our services as soon as changes arise. Integrate 40+ social networks in one go and never worry about our setup again.

Social Login Push/Pull API User Explorer Social Analytics
User Engagement Solutions

Maintain high quality conversations on your content using our LoudVoice comments platform and drive continuous user engagement with our sharing services. Our automatic spam filters and backups eliminate maintenance costs or data recovery issues. A centralized dashboard allows you to track user interactions.

LoudVoice Comments URL Shortener Share Icons Share Dialog
Customer Identity And Access Management

Reunite your user information in a state-of-the-art security environment that is 100% compliant with all US & EU data protection laws - GDPR included. Easily implement end-to-end login and registration systems across your web properties. Integrate using our form builders and manage your user data with a full fledged JSON/REST API allowing you to easily access, update, delete or export your data.

User Cloud Storage Single Sign-On Registration As A Service
Turnkey Plugins

Easily integrate OneAll into your blog, website or forum. No programming skills required.

Mobile SDKs

Integrate Social Login and Social Share into your app with our iOS and Android SDKs.

REST API

Standardized JSON/REST API to work with multiple social networks at once and store your CIAM user information in a state-of-the-art security environment.

Data Protection Guarantee

We are dedicated to protecting your user data against unauthorized usage. We are fully compliant with all US/EU data protection laws and we fully support the GDPR's data privacy protections and security principles.

Community Support

We love our users and we offer free support to help you using our services.

Tailor Made Solutions

Contact us and we will work out a pinpoint solution that covers your individual requirements.

Opt for a cloud-hosted user storage and increase your business productivity by reducing development time and eliminating maintenance costs or data protection issues. Our state-of-the-art security environment is compliant with all US & EU data protection laws - including GDPR.

OneAll is used by more than 300,000 websites worldwide, including small blogs, growing startups and large corporate enterprises. Used on more than 300,000 websites.
Products & Services
SNI Social Network Integration
UES User Engagement Solutions
CIAM Customer Identity Access And Management
Plans & Pricing
About Us
About & Contact
Data Protection
GDPR Compliance
Service Level Agreement
Get Started
Turnkey Plugins
Development Guides
JSON/REST API
Community Support
Copyright © 2011-2026 oneall.com - All Rights Reserved
Privacy policy - Terms of use - Imprint - Contact us