Contact Sales: +1 (415) 645-6830
 
Login 
 
 
Products
Solutions
Partners
Support
Resources
Pricing
Contact Sales Free Trial
OneLogin + One Identity delivering IAM together. Learn more
Access without friction. Security without compromise.

Identity management for the next era of enterprise resilience. Extensible IAM that secures human and machine identities for workforces, customers and partners.

Request an Assessment
01:48

Trusted By Over

5500

Customers Globally

More Than

6000

Application Integrations

Onboard & Offboard

9x

Faster

Reducing

50%

of Helpdesk Tickets

00:28
Protect your customers — and your data — from harm
Learn More
Broad industry recognition

OneLogin by One Identity was named an Overall Leader, Product Leader and Market Leader in the KuppingerCole 2025 Access Management Leadership Compass.

Get the Report
Rated with a high 4.4 in Access Management on Gartner Peer Insights

*As of June 9th, 2025 and based on 337 reviews in the last 12 months. The GARTNER PEER INSIGHTS Logo is a trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates.

Learn More

OneLogin is Named G2 Leader & High Performer Based on Customer Reviews

As the Leader in Unified Access Management OneLogin Receives Top Marks for Ease of Use, Quality of Support and Effortless Setup

Learn More

View All Awards
The OneLogin Solution
Protect your organization by securing and centralizing your applications, devices and end-users - all in one place.
Workforce Identity

Empower and secure your employees no matter where they work.

Learn more

Customer Identity

Deliver secure identity management without sacrificing end-user experience.

Learn more

Dive in to learn more
Read about OneLogin Cloud-based Access Management for the Modern Enterprise
View Now
The Next Generation of Identity and Access Management
Secure workforce, customer and partner identities
Quick implementation, fast return on investment
Detect suspicious behavior and enforce adaptive authentication
Grant access based on user roles
Secure workforce, customer and partner identities

Secure identities for any use case at a price that fits your budget with our flexible bundled and a-la-carte pricing options.

Workforce identities
Customer identities
Partner identities
OneLogin rated as top-of-the-pack for value, functionality, and support.
Breadth of Product
Service and Support
Competitive Pricing
Ease-of-Development
Ease of Doing Business
High User Adoption
Fast Implementation
Easy Setup
Operational Efficiency
Trusted and proven worldwide
 OneLogin enables us to move at the speed of the cloud, making it easy for my team to support our users’ dynamic application needs while meeting our company’s evolving security requirements.
Herman Miller
Herman Miller
Pearson
Broward College
Chart Industries
Susan G. Komen
View Case Studies
Secure all your apps, users, and devices
Start Free Trial Contact Us Watch Demo
 TECHNICAL BRIEF
Elevating Organizational Security with Advanced Authentication
The shift towards a digital-first approach has exposed organizations to a wide range of cybersecurity risks.
 CASE STUDY
Optimizing access management for improved security
Richards Building Supply fortifies security, streamlines IT access management and delivers frictionless user experiences.
 DATASHEET
OneLogin Overview
Learn how OneLogin provides comprehensive access management solutions for the modern enterprise.
 VIDEO
OneLogin Workforce Identity Demo
Watch this demo to discover how OneLogin Workforce Identity enhances security and productivity by simplifying access management and providing a se...
 VIDEO
OneLogin delivers tailored solutions for your unique business needs increasing productivity and data
See how OneLogin partners with customers to address their access management needs.
 TECHNICAL BRIEF
Navigating Access Management Challenges in Education
Read this technical brief to learn about the access management obstacles facing the academic environment today, and find out how you can utilize O...
LabelPrevious-Not Found
LabelNext-Not Found
About
Why OneLogin
Leadership
News
Careers
Products
Workforce Identity (IAM)
Customer Identity (CIAM)
Pricing
Solutions
By Use Case
By Industry
By App
Get Started
Try Now
Watch Demo
Contact Us
© 2025 OneLogin ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Legal| Terms of Use| Privacy Policy| Sitemap
Cookie Preference Center| Cookie Use Policy
 United States of America (EN)
Our website requires some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, other cookies may be used with your consent to enhance your experience, and analyze performance and traffic on our website.   We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics providers as described in ourCookie Use Policy
Manage my Cookies Reject All Accept Cookies