Skip to main contentSkip to footer
 Menu
Skip to main contentSkip to footer
Personal Loans Credit Cards Branches Resources
Check for offers Log in
Loans for real life.
See what’s possible.

See options in minutes. No credit score impact, no obligation.

Show my loan options

You may have more options than you think.​

We offer loans from $1,500–$20,000.1 Fixed rates, clear terms, fast decisions.

Respond to a mailed offer
Loans for real life.
See what’s possible.

See options in minutes. No credit score impact, no obligation.

Show my loan options

You may have more options than you think.​

We offer loans from $1,500–$20,000.1 Fixed rates, clear terms, fast decisions.

Respond to a mailed offer

Get money right when you need it

Quick decision. Money as fast as 1 hour after loan closing.2

We’re here for you

Real people in branches, on the phone and ready to help online.

Loans that work for your budget

Fixed payments and clear, upfront terms.

Clear and easy from start to finish

Bring us today’s emergency, this month’s stack of bills or your next possible purchase. We welcome your goals.3

1 Check offers, apply and have a response in minutes.
2 Affordable options once we verify info.
3 Money in hand as fast as 1 hour after loan closing. 2
In your corner

Tens of thousands of customers say we’re a lender you can lean on. Here are some favorites.

Personal and Auto Loan Amounts1

$1,500-$20,000

See our loan amounts and fees
Check for offers

This won’t affect your credit score.

Get ahead and stay ahead

Access fresh ways to stretch your budget and make progress one win at a time.

Take your finances to the next level

Master your budget or study up on saving. It’s your time to take control.

Resources →
Lower your monthly bills

With Trim doing the hard work to slash bills (for free), customers saved an average of $213/year.4

Go to Trim →
Turn your payments into progress

Get rewarded for paying on time with BrightWay® — the credit card that grows with you.5

Learn more →
Get the money you need to move you forward
Check for offers

This won't affect your credit score.

Products

Personal loans
Credit cards
Insurance
Mortgage payment solutions
Merchant referral program

Company

About us
Careers
Investors
Affiliates
Newsroom
Accessibility Statement
OneMain Reviews

Legal

Loan amounts and fees
Legal & privacy center
Disclosures
Credit bureau information
Do not sell or share my personal information

Support

Contact us
Branch locator
Military family support
FAQs
 Download App

If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using the website please call 800-290-7002 for assistance.

OneMain Holdings, Inc.
601 N.W. Second Street
Evansville, IN 47708-1013

Copyright © 2025, All rights reserved.

State Licenses: OneMain Financial Group, LLC (NMLS# 1339418) - CA: Loans made or arranged pursuant to Department of Financial Protection and Innovation California Finance Lenders License. PA: Licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. VA: Licensed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission - License Number CFI-156. OneMain Mortgage Services, Inc. (NMLS# 931153) - NY: Registered New York Mortgage Loan Servicer. Additional licensing information available on OneMain Disclosures.

For residents of the State of Washington only: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1339418. Click here for the NMLS Consumer Access Database.

For Housing Counselors in the State of Washington, please email us at the following link in regards to your customers loan modification status: REModifications@onemainfinancial.com. Please ensure your customer has provided us with authorization to work with you.

Disclosures

2

Funding Options and Availability of Funds: Funds within 1 hour of loan closing via SpeedFunds® requires disbursement to a bank-issued debit card; if paid by check or ACH, availability may take approximately 1-2 business days after closing, subject to bank deposit policy. SpeedFunds® is a registered trademark of OneMain Financial Holdings, LLC.

3

Loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses as defined by the CFPB’s Regulation Z such as college, university or vocational expense; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase cryptocurrency assets, securities, derivatives or other speculative investments; or for gambling or illegal purposes.

1

Not all applicants will qualify for larger loan amounts or most favorable loan terms. Larger loan amounts require a first lien on a motor vehicle no more than ten years old, that meets our value requirements, titled in your name with valid insurance. Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on your state of residence and your ability to meet our credit standards (including a responsible credit history, sufficient income after monthly expenses, and availability of collateral). APRs are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle. Highly-qualified applicants may be offered higher loan amounts and/or lower APRs than those shown above. Active duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act may not pledge any vehicle as collateral.

Example Loan: A $6,000 loan with a 24.99% APR repayable in 60 monthly installments would have monthly payments of $176.07. This example is based on an average customer with good credit.

Borrowers in these states are subject to these minimum loan sizes: Alabama: $2,100. California: $3,000. Georgia: $3,100. North Dakota: $2,000. Ohio: $2,000. Virginia: $2,600.

Borrowers in these states are subject to these maximum loan sizes: North Carolina: $11,000 for unsecured loans to all customers; $11,000 for secured loans to present customers. Maine: $7,000. Mississippi: $12,000. West Virginia: $13,500. Loans to purchase a motor vehicle or powersports equipment from select Maine, Mississippi, and North Carolina dealerships are not subject to these maximum loan sizes.

4

Services provided by OneMain Trim, LLC d/b/a Trim by OneMain. Average savings are estimated from January 31, 2021 through January 30, 2022. To learn how savings were calculated, visit http://asktrim.com/OMF_FAQ

5

BrightWay® is a registered trademark of OneMain Financial Holdings, LLC. The BrightWay credit card is issued by WebBank.

 Screen Share