20% Incremental Revenue from Text to Buy | Sell more with OneText Features Blog FAQ Login Book A Demo Terms Privacy Login to account Menu Features Blog FAQ Login Book A Demo Terms Privacy Login to account Menu Features Blog FAQ Login Book A Demo Terms Privacy Login to account Menu 20% More Revenue Per Campaign. Guaranteed. Incremental. It's why we exist. See why the most innovative brands in ecommerce add text to buy , shopper-specific recommendations and two-way texting on top of conventional SMS marketing. You won't go back. Try OneText Field must be filled in Please add URL in https://... format Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Book A Demo ”Incredible” Moiz Ali Founder of Native Deodorant why OneText Text to Buy Means More Money in Your Bank Text to Buy Means More Money in Your Bank Text to Buy Means More Money in Your Bank Text to Buy Means More Money in Your Bank 20% more revenue per campaign 16x more cart recoveries Up to 15% more total revenue from text to buy What merchants say You’re with Good Company See what everyone’s talking about Jhone Hakeem Co-founder “Beats” company Jhone Hakeem Co-founder “Beats” company Jhone Hakeem Co-founder “Beats” company Jhone Hakeem Co-founder “Beats” company Features Still Using Big SMS? You're Missing Out! Everything You Need. Everything You Didn’t Know You Needed. Shoppers can reply and buy with just one text. Literally. The same texts you’re writing today will realize 35% more sales with OneText Magic Links. Really! OneText AI Smart Replies seamlessly recommend products and answer questions. The future has arrived. Our live concierge staff answers complex requests and reduces customer service tickets. When the human touch matters. Refills automatically shift shoppers into repeat orders. Buy it once, then buy it again. Campaigns, cart recovery, two-way quizzes, QR codes, pre-sales, winbacks, delivery notifications, and we’ll remind you to call your mother (not really). 1 / 6 What Customers Say Shoppers Will Love the Way You Text That was super cool. Thanks for the help! I should've shopped for more lol. I have never ordered from a company who texts during the order process to assist in completing the purchase. This was very helpful and provides a human connection with this new norm of shopping online for most all of our needs! I really enjoyed this experience and superb customer service! Thank you for personal responses, good customer service, instead of robotic. Thank you so much! You're awesome! I just completed my order. The process was super simple and you were very helpful. I'm excited to try this game with my family! Thanks again. Thank you!! I LOVE being able to schedule my purchase!! Great thing to offer!! TextThe check out page did not allow me to update my billing address for the credit card on file. I gave up and said maybe this is a sign I don't need it! Then Sarah sent me a text to complete the purchase and I had no problem entering my payment information. Thanks! You're the best customer service I've ever dealt with. Above and beyond! I'll be buying more next Friday. Thanks again. Honestly, this text made a difference in me making the purchase right now compared to later this week. As a marketing professional, kudos to you guys! That was super cool. Thanks for the help! I should've shopped for more lol. I have never ordered from a company who texts during the order process to assist in completing the purchase. This was very helpful and provides a human connection with this new norm of shopping online for most all of our needs! I really enjoyed this experience and superb customer service! Thank you for personal responses, good customer service, instead of robotic. Thank you so much! You're awesome! I just completed my order. The process was super simple and you were very helpful. I'm excited to try this game with my family! Thanks again. Honestly, this text made a difference in me making the purchase right now compared to later this week. As a marketing professional, kudos to you guys! Honestly, this text made a difference in me making the purchase right now compared to later this week. As a marketing professional, kudos to you guys! Honestly, this text made a difference in me making the purchase right now compared to later this week. As a marketing professional, kudos to you guys! Honestly, this text made a difference in me making the purchase right now compared to later this week. As a marketing professional, kudos to you guys! The only feedback I have is keep doing what you're doing. It's great and user friendly. You were super helpful, convenient, and quick to respond and help with all of my questions/concerns. Thank you! Thank you! And I so appreciate the customer service! The personal texting with help and walk through is amazing! No this was perfect and seemless! This is the best way and I wish more companies did this. Great customer service!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Thank you, smart feature to text the customer. I own a business and this is a great way to reconnect! Good work. Thank you that was quick and simple. No code required. I always like that. The only feedback I have is keep doing what you're doing. It's great and user friendly. You were super helpful, convenient, and quick to respond and help with all of my questions/concerns. Thank you! Thank you! And I so appreciate the customer service! The personal texting with help and walk through is amazing! No this was perfect and seemless! This is the best way and I wish more companies did this. Great customer service!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Thank you, smart feature to text the customer. I own a business and this is a great way to reconnect! Good work. Thank you that was quick and simple. No code required. I always like that. How it Works OneText Makes You More Money Combining Automation, Communication and Payments Send a campaign or automation Integrate marketing lists, segments and automations from Klaviyo, Sendlane or Salesforce Commerce Cloud. Shoppers Reply and Buy Text to Buy, Conversational Sales, and AI Smart Replies boost conversion. Orders Sync to Your Database Sync orders to Shopify, WooCommerce or Salesforce Commerce Cloud. Accept payments via PayPal, Stripe, Maverick or Authorize.net. The Answers You Need Ditch your Reservations. Unless they’re at Nobu Chat with us Read FAQ Investors Backed by Rock Stars The biggest names in commerce, entertainment, payments and technology Sterling Road Good Friends Founders of Warby Parker, Allbirds, Harrys Helium-3 Matt Bellamy, Muse lead singer Coatue Khosla Y-Combinator Getting Started is Easy and Risk Free 1. Try Us Out Start small and scale. We'll set up A/B tests and prove incremental revenue in a controlled study. 2. 30-Minute Onboarding Onboard in the morning. Send your first campaign that afternoon. See Text to Buy sales that night. 3. We Do the Hard Work We do everything your current provider does and more and will obsess over your performance. We port your contact list, flows and automations and connect all the wires. We've Sent 100M Texts. We'd Love to Send One to You. 100 , 000 , 000 Don’t Leave Us on Read We can't wait to chat and show you what's possible with OneText. Chat with us Demo Text to Buy Field must be filled in Please add URL in https://... format Test our AI Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Try Text to Buy Blog Get Started Terms Privacy Login to account Text to Buy for [BRAND] To Play Your AI Demo Scan the QR code Or Enter Phone Number Field must be filled in Please add URL in https://... format Thank You! We're texting you the demo. Back to Home Back to Home Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again or contact us . Try Again Try Again By scanning the QR code or entering your phone number, you consent to receive occasional marketing text  messages, offers and updates from OneText at the number provided. Msg & data rates may apply. Msg frequency varies. Unsubscribe at any time by replying STOP. Privacy Policy & Terms. Text to Buy for [BRAND] To Play Your AI Demo Let's Talk Our demos only work on US devices for now, but we'd like to chat. Book a call Field must be filled in Please add URL in https://... format Thank you, SMS has  been successfully sent to your phone! Back to Home Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.