Skip to main content

OneTrust Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™ for Privacy Management Software, Q4 2025

Access now

Solutions
Platform
Resources
Company
Request demo
Contact Sales
EN
Continuous governance for AI.

OneTrust is the AI-Ready Governance Platform™ built to prevent data misuse across your tech stack — enabling you to govern well and move fast.

Watch demo
Talk to sales
The OneTrust AI-Ready Governance Platform™

Our platform approach for privacy, risk, data, and compliance connects every governance workflow on a single platform — enabling continuous monitoring, automated controls, and programmatic enforcement across your entire organization.

Explore the platform
Integrated solutions for all areas of governance
AI Governance

Embed compliance and control across the AI lifecycle.

Learn more
Consent & Preferences

Streamline consent and preference management for consumer transparency.

Learn more
Data Use Governance

Enable data use with real-time policy enforcement for AI-ready data.

Learn more
Privacy Automation

Enable responsible use throughout the data lifecycle.

Learn more
Tech Risk & Compliance

Scale your resources and optimize your risk and compliance lifecycle.

Learn more
Third-Party Management

Automate third-party management from intake and risk assessment to mitigation and reporting.

Learn more

OneTrust scored 5/5 in 22 criteria in The Forrester Wave™ for Privacy Management Software, Q4 2025

OneTrust was ranked the highest in both the Current Offering and Strategy Categories.

Read the report
Trusted by leaders in privacy, AI, and risk

Organizations around the world choose OneTrust to protect data, reduce risk, and move faster with confidence. 

"With better visibility and control, Iberia is better positioned to meet future privacy-related challenges, including incident management and AI governance." 

Marta Cañas Miralles, Data Protection Officer (DPO), Iberia Airlines  

Read customer story
View all customer stories
Insights and resources to help you move faster
OneTrust Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Market Report for AI Governance Platforms
AI Governance
Report
Into the age of AI – Lessons from the future
AI Governance
Report
OneTrust named a Leader in the 2025 IDC MarketScape for Data Privacy Compliance Software
Privacy Automation
Report
EU Digital Omnibus proposes delay of AI compliance deadlines
AI Governance
Blog
View all resources
See continuous governance in action

OneTrust provides a continuous, real-time view of how data and AI are used — helping you prevent issues before they escalate.

Watch demo
Talk to sales
Be the first to know

Sign up to receive the latest information about our organization, platform capabilities, and events.

*
Email Address:
Submit
Get in touch

Be the first to know about our solutions, products and new features.

Call +1 (404) 390-4157
Get help  Create a support case
Visit  myOneTrust

Top Searches
Trust Center
Consent & Preferences
Third-Party Management
Resources
Privacy automation in the age of AI: From compliance to confidence
Privacy pulse: Q1 2026 global regulatory update
OneTrust Tech Risk and Compliance demo
Glossary
AI DPIA
AI Risk Management
Data privacy
DORA
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Platform
Platform
Pricing and Packaging
OneTrust Integrations
Latest News
OneTrust on Track to Surpass $500M in ARR as Demand for Responsible Data and AI Solutions Skyrockets
OneTrust named a Leader in 2025 Privacy Management Software Analyst Report 
OneTrust named a Leader in IDC MarketScape 2025 Worldwide Data Privacy Compliance Software Report
Company
About Us
OneTrust Global Offices
Careers
Newsroom
Legal and Compliance Information
Contact Us
Contact Us
Request Demo
Privacy Matters
Our privacy center makes it easy to see how
we collect and use your information.
Your privacy

When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners.

© 2025 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Our policies
Privacy Overview
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Trust Center
Your rights
Exercise Your Rights
Manage Your Communication Preferences

Why we use cookies and other tracking technologies?

Our site enables script (e.g. cookies) that is able to read, store, and write information on your browser and in your device. The information processed by this script includes data relating to you which may include personal identifiers (e.g. IP address and session details) and browsing activity. We use this information for various purposes - e.g. to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You can reject all non-essential processing by choosing to accept only necessary cookies. To personalize your choice and learn more click here to adjust your preferencesCookie Notice
Allow All
Accept only necessary
Adjust my preferences