This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Skip to main content
Clear search
Utility Menu
Login List additional actions
Onfido Dashboard
Onfido Developer Hub
Signhost
Support List additional actions
Contact Support
Support Resources
Buy List additional actions
Printer Supplies
Certificate Services Portal - Customer Login
Blog
Region Selection
English
List additional actions
中文
Português
Français
Deutsch
한국어
Español
Italiano
日本語
Main navigation
Solutions
Products
Resources
Partners
Company
Demos & Trials
Contact Sales
By Industry
Financial
Enterprise
Government
Healthcare
Education
By Use Case
Identity-Centric Security
Multi-Cloud Security
Post Quantum Cryptography
Digital Onboarding
By Use Case
Digital Account Opening
Electronic Signature
Machine Identity
Compliance
View All Solutions
Issuance
Central Issuance
Instant Financial Issuance
Instant ID Issuance
Digital Card Solution
Identity Security
Identity Verification
Identity & Access Management (IAM)
Electronic and Digital Signing
Data Security
Hardware Security Modules (HSMs)
Cryptographic Security Platform
Public Key Infrastructure (PKI)
Keys, Secrets, and Certificates Management
Digital Signing Infrastructure
View All Products
Document Library
Case Studies
Solution Briefs
Guides, How-Tos, and FAQs
Knowledge Base
Thought Leadership
Cybersecurity Institute
Blog
Connect With Us
Events
Webinars
View All Resources
Partner with Entrust

Join one or more of our partner programs and we’ll help you increase profitability, expand your brand, and target strategic customers.

Partner Locator

Search for partners based on location, offerings, channel or technology.

Partner Logins

Login to your favorite services like Partner Central and TrustedCare.

About Us
History
Leadership
Careers
Culture
News
Press Releases
News Articles
Awards and Recognition
Legal
Legal and Compliance
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Home  » 
Products  » 
Identity (ID) Verification Solutions
Explore Demos and Trials
Watch Webinars
Cybersecurity Institute
×
Entrust Identity Verification (formerly Onfido)
Identity (ID) Verification Solutions

Simplify the verification process for citizens and customers with a comprehensive identity verification solution. Whether you’re looking to onboard new customers or aid citizens in verifying their identity, Entrust offers a flexible, trusted, and seamless experience to welcome genuine users while fighting fraud.

Prevent Fraud
Drive Business Growth
Address Regulatory Compliance

Contact Sales

Get the Fraud Report
×

Onfido Identity Verification Solutions are now part of Entrust.
×
Verify Any Customer, Anywhere

Access all your identity verification needs in one place. Entrust Identity Verification offers a suite of verifications, no-code orchestration, and AI-driven analysis to enable secure and compliant onboarding. Whether you’re looking to reduce fraud, meet regulatory compliance, digitalize onboarding, we can help you verify identities in over 195 countries to help grow your business.

Take a Tour

×
Identities that Empower Citizens

Seamlessly and securely onboard citizens using a comprehensive identity verification suite and best-of-breed technology partnerships. From streamlining interoperable digital credential issuance to providing biometric access to services, Entrust offers onboarding solutions, built in house for trusted digital government transformation.

Explore Identity Verification for Government

IDV Products for Customers
Workflow Studio

Orchestrate verification journeys that combine document and biometric verification, trusted data sources, and passive fraud detection signals to build the right level of trust in your customer at the right moment.

Explore Workflow Studio
Entrust IDV + Mastercard Identity

Deliver a seamless and secure onboarding experience. For more intelligent fraud defense, Entrust Workflow Studio leverages Mastercard Identity risk signals.

Explore Intelligent IDV
Smart Capture

Delight users with a fast, efficient capture and upload experience. Our SDKs, powered by smart capture technology, are easy-to-integrate and make it simple to deliver exceptional identity verification.

Explore Smart Capture
Data Verification

Navigate the complexities of global regulatory requirements by validating customer identities with trusted data sources. Meet KYC, AML, sanctions and PEPs screening requirements by comparing user data against global and local databases.

Explore Data Verification
Biometric Verification

Protect your business from stolen IDs and impersonation fraud with facial biometric verification that doesn’t compromise on experience. Our award-winning AI technology returns fair, fast and accurate results in seconds.

Explore Biometric Verification
IDV Compliance

Meet complex local regulatory needs and remotely onboard customers globally with an off-the-shelf compliance solution.

Explore IDV Compliance
Document Verification

Create confidence in a customer’s identity by verifying a photo ID. Powered by AI, our document verification delivers actionable results that are fair, fast, and accurate. We support over 2,500 document types in 195 countries.

Explore Document Verification
Fraud Detection

Fraud is a moving target. You need fraud prevention that adapts to your needs. Create a 360-degree view of customer identity with our fraud detection signals.

Explore Fraud Detection
AAMVA Check

By assessing trusted and reliable data from the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators (AAMVA), Onfido matches identity data against local Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) records to detect synthetic, duplicate, or false identities.

Explore AAMVA
IDV Products for Citizens
Identity Verification for Citizens

Enable remote identity and document authentication with a smartphone-based biometric verification process.

Explore IDV for Citizens
IDV for Travel: Border Control

Verify travelers and issue digital travel credentials with remote identity verification for contactless travel and digitalizing border control.

Explore IDV for Travel
IDV for Digital Travel Authorization

Leverage smartphone enabled remote identity verification to provide eVisas (electronic visas) or electronic travel authorizations (ETA) to travelers.

Explore eVaaS
×
Identity Verification Benefits
Prevent Fraud

Build trust with enhanced fraud prevention and mitigate the risk of identity theft. Benefit from the highest level of assurance for document, biometric, and database verification with Entrust.

Address Regulatory Compliance

Ensure compliance with global and local regulations, such as KYC and AML, and future-proof your business against technical standards and regulation such as GDPR, NIST, eIDAS2, Privacy by Design, and more.

Acquire More Users

Drive new user acquisition with compromising on security through a blend of high approval rates and AI-powered high-speed identity verification.

Drive Business Growth

Simplify, digitize, and automate processes so customers can sign-up and transact in minutes, digitally. Meet customer expectations using a digital identity verification solution that addresses concerns around security, efficiency, and ease-of-use so you can grow your business.

Deliver Accessibility and Convenience

Make digital identity verification as accessible and seamless as possible. Provide users with an intuitive mobile interface that includes AI-assisted capture experiences, privacy-centric user guidance, cross-device compatibility, as well as anti-bias accessibility and multi-lingual support.

Offered as a Service

Because it is delivered from the cloud, implementation is simple and requires no significant infrastructural or staff requirements, and it can be accessed from anywhere. It is also scalable with hosting options available.

×
IDV
Entrust Named a Visionary in Identity Verification

Entrust has been recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification for the second consecutive year.

Read the IDV Report

Benefits by Role
C-Suite (CISO)

Use the highest level of assurance, trusted by large government bodies, for remote identity and document verification to mitigate the risk of bad actors. 

Focus your limited resources on persons-of-interest.

Operations and IT

Offered as a service with scalable hosting options available. Minimal infrastructural changes and easy system integration.

Citizen Services

Empower travelers and citizens with strong, vetted remote identity and document verification. 

Enable back-office processing to facilitate border, immigration, or e-service delivery processes.

×

×
Ensure a smooth, secure experience at every touchpoint

When you’re ready to bank securely, whenever and wherever you are, you’re ready for Entrust. With fast, convenient, and secure financial issuance and digital onboarding solutions for banking customers, you can develop trust and prevent fraud using AI-powered identity verification.

×
Case Study
Entrust Seamless Travel and Eurostar

Eurostar, a major international rail operator, is revolutionizing travel with Entrust identity verification solutions. 

Learn how seamless travel will make it easier and more secure for travelers by creating a touchless biometric lane that replaces the need to present an ID or ticket.

Read the Case Study

×

×
×
Identity Security for Banking

Drive customer acquisition, prevent fraud, and meet compliance requirements with Entrust’s Identity Security platform. Click through a guided demo of the platform and the customer experience.

Launch Demo

Key Features
Remote Identity Verification and Authentication of ID Documents

Remotely verify that the user is who they say they are, based on an ICAO-compliant eMRTD and a trusted ISO-quality biometric.

Advanced Facial Recognition with Auto-Detection

Provides high accuracy of facial recognition technology that can auto-detect if eyeglasses are on, if eyes are closed or obscured, and if there is insufficient light or a non-uniform background and instruct the user to take another selfie.

Support for Multiple Electronic IDs (eIDs)

Get support for any ICAO-compliant eID including ePassports and UK biometric residence permits.

Built-In Monitoring and Reporting Tools for Performance and Usage

Centralized real-time reporting and security-by-design architecture help ensure security and manage risk.

Easy Integration

Integrates easily within existing or planned digital enrollment processes.

User-Friendly Mobile Interface

Give users the simplicity and familiarity of a mobile app that provides clear directions and is easy to integrate into your own app.

Identity Case Studies
×
Report
The Solution Built to Defend Your Consumer Identities

Entrust’s CIAM Solution Leads Innovation Index in Frost Radar™ Report

Read the CIAM Report

×
Related Resources
Case Study
Entrust Collaborates on Canada Chain of Trust Project

Check out our work with the Canadian Border Services Agency.

Case Study
Entrust Selected for EU Settlement Scheme Identity Verification Service

Learn how Entrust is helping UK citizens simplify their EU exit.

Ebook
Guide to IDV for Financial Institutions

Explore how leading financial institutions are rethinking identity verification — not as a point-in-time task, but as a continuous capability that supports security, enhances customer experience, aids in financial compliance, and drives sustainable growth.

Brochure
Account Opening Risk by Mastercard Identity 

​​Mastercard Identity’s Account Opening Risk streamlines onboarding, reduces fraud, and cuts costs with real-time identity intelligence and AI-powered verification.​

Gartner MQ for Identity Verification

See why Entrust was named a Leader in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification.

2025 Identity Fraud Report

Discover the latest insights on identity fraud and how to prevent it.

Guide to Digital Identity Verification

The identity landscape has shifted – discover where it’s headed.

Expectations of Digital Identity and Onboarding

Discover the importance of balancing user experience with identity security.

Data Sheet
Identity Verification as a Service (IDVaaS)

Validating claimed identity for digital services delivery.

Data Sheet
Seamless Travel Starts with Identity Verification as a Service

Learn how Entrust helps improve travel safety, security, and facilitation.

Data Sheet
Extending the Border with Entrust eVisa as a Service

Entrust offers a solution that allows remote identification of an individual before travel.

Case Study
Entrust Collaborates on Canada Chain of Trust Project

Check out our work with the Canadian Border Services Agency.

Case Study
Entrust Selected for EU Settlement Scheme Identity Verification Service

Learn how Entrust is helping UK citizens simplify their EU exit.

Ebook
Guide to IDV for Financial Institutions

Explore how leading financial institutions are rethinking identity verification — not as a point-in-time task, but as a continuous capability that supports security, enhances customer experience, aids in financial compliance, and drives sustainable growth.

Brochure
Account Opening Risk by Mastercard Identity 

​​Mastercard Identity’s Account Opening Risk streamlines onboarding, reduces fraud, and cuts costs with real-time identity intelligence and AI-powered verification.​

Gartner MQ for Identity Verification

See why Entrust was named a Leader in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification.

2025 Identity Fraud Report

Discover the latest insights on identity fraud and how to prevent it.

Guide to Digital Identity Verification

The identity landscape has shifted – discover where it’s headed.

Expectations of Digital Identity and Onboarding

Discover the importance of balancing user experience with identity security.

Speak with an Expert

Contact one of our solution specialists for a demo or to discuss your use cases and needs.

Contact Us
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Support
Find a Location
Company
About
Support
Partners
Careers
Culture
Events
Webinars
Impressum
Newsroom
Blog
News
Press Releases
Cybersecurity Institute
Product Resources
IDaaS / IIDaaS Status
Onfido / IDV Status
Entrust Store
Resources
Library
Legal and Compliance
TLS Certificate Information Center
Contact Sales
Legal Privacy Statement Internet Based Ads Terms of Service Terms of Use Company Policies Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell
©2025 Entrust Corporation. All Rights Reserved.