Entreprise dedicated server rental: from €4.99 | Scaleway | Scaleway Skip to login Skip to main content Skip to footer section Open Blog Docs Contact English en Français fr Log in Sign up Dedicated Servers Dedibox - dedicated servers Start Affordable servers with the best price-performance ratio on the market Pro Perfect balance of processing power, memory and storage Core The high performance backbone of your mission-critical infrastructure Store For mission-critical data, fast storage, backup and streaming GPU Dedicated GPU power with reliable performance and stability Dedirack Host your Hardware in our secured French datacenters Dedibox VPS 60 locations worldwide, starting at €4,99/month Elastic Metal - bare metal cloud Aluminium Fully dedicated bare metal servers with native cloud integration, at the best price Beryllium Powerful, balanced and reliable servers for production-grade applications Iridium Powerful dedicated server designed to handle high-workload applications Lithium Designed with huge local storage to keep, back up, and protect your data Titanium Power and stability of dedicated GPU hardware integrated into the Scaleway ecosystem RISC-V (Labs) The world's first RISC-V servers available in the cloud. Apple Mac mini M1 Enjoy the Mac mini experience with great simplicity Mac mini M2 Perform your daily tasks with speed and efficiency Mac mini M2 Pro Step up to Pro-level performance Mac mini M4 Latest Apple silicon chip for intensive use cases Mac mini M4 Pro Built for AI and the most complex workflows Compute Virtual Instances Development Instances Ideal for building, testing, and deploying lightweight applications General Purpose Instances The best best balance of performance and value for a wide range of workloads Compute Optimized Instances Built for raw CPU power and compute-intensive applications Memory Optimized Instances Designed for data-intensive workloads requiring large amounts of RAM Compare our CPU Instances Not sure which virtual machine is right for you? We’ve got you covered! GPU L4 GPU Instance Maximize your AI infrastructures with a versatile Instance L40S GPU Instance Universal Instance, faster than L4 and cheaper than H100 PCIe H100 Accelerate AI applications' development with H100 SXM and H100 PCIe GPU Instances B300-SXM Push the boundaries of performance with NVIDIA's Blackwell architecture. Render GPU Instances Dedicated Tesla P100s for all your Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence needs. Compare our GPU Instances Explore your options and compare them side-by-side Serverless Serverless Functions Experience an easy way to run your code on the cloud Serverless Containers Easily run containers on the cloud with a single command Serverless Jobs Run batches of tasks in the cloud Containers Kubernetes Kapsule Kubernetes exclusively for Scaleway products and resources Kubernetes Kosmos Multi-cloud Kubernetes for Scaleway and external providers resources Container Registry An easy-to-use Docker repository AI Clusters Custom-built Clusters Build the next Foundation Model with one of the fastest and most energy-efficient supercomputers in the world On Demand Cluster Rent a GPU-cluster from 32 to more than a thousand GPUs to speed up distributed training Model-as-a-service Generative APIs Consume AI models instantly via a simple API call. All hosted in Europe Inference Deploy AI models in a dedicated inference infrastructure. Get tailored security and predictable throughput Moshi (Labs) Chat with the first of its kind speech-to-speech AI model GPU Instances L40S GPU Instance Accelerate the next generation of AI-enabled applications with the universal L40S GPU Instance, faster than L4 and cheaper than H100 PCIe L4 GPU Instance Maximize your AI infrastructure's potential with a versatile and cost-effective GPU Instance H100 GPU Instance Accelerate AI applications' development with H100 SXM and H100 PCIe GPU Instances Render GPU Instance Dedicated Tesla P100s for all your Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence needs B300-SXM GPU Instances Push the boundaries of performance with NVIDIA's Blackwell architecture. Compare our GPU Instances Explore your options and compare them side-by-side Storage Storage Object Storage Amazon S3-compatible and Multi-AZ resilient object storage service. Ensuring high availability for your data Scaleway Glacier Cold Storage class to secure long-term object storage. Ideal for deep archived data. Block Storage Flexible and reliable storage for demanding workloads Network Network Virtual Private Cloud Secure your cloud resources with ease on a resilient regional network IPAM (IP Address Manager) Centralize and simplify your Scaleway IP address management Connectivity Public Gateway Improve the performance of your services as you grow. Scaleway InterLink Establish a hosted connection from your infrastructure to your VPC via a partner's network Domains and DNS Buy domain names and manage DNS directly with your favorite extensions Traffic & Security Load Balancer Improve the performance of your services as you grow. Edge Services Expose your HTTP services to the internet with security, reliability, and efficiency by design WAF Protect your web applications by proactively detecting and blocking cyber threats. Data Databases Managed Database for PostgreSQL and MySQL Start seamless database operations Serverless SQL Database Go full serverless and take the complexity out of PostgreSQL database Managed Database for Redis® Fully managed Redis®* in seconds Managed MongoDB® Create a scalable, secure, and fully managed NoSQL solution Data Warehouse for ClickHouse® Query large data without managing servers Messaging and Queuing NATS Build distributed and scalable client-server applications Queues Create a queue, configure its delivery and message parameters Topics and Events Sent to a variety of devices and platforms through a single code interface Clusters for Apache Kafka® Stream real-time data and events effortlessly with a fully managed scalable Apache Kafka service. Tools Managed Services Cockpit Monitor infrastructures in minutes with a fully managed observability solution Web hosting Hosting for individuals, professionals, and everyone in between. Web Platform Ship your applications only in a few clicks. Transactional Email Instant delivery of your transactional emails Data Lab for Apache Spark™ Speed up data processing over very large volumes of data with an Apache Spark™ managed solution Cloud Essentials Deploy open-source technologies faster, scale effortlessly, and focus on innovation Security & Organization Identity and Access Management (IAM) The easiest way to safely collaborate in the cloud Secret Manager Protect your sensitive data across your cloud infrastructure Key Manager Automate your encryption keys management to reach another level of security Cost Manager Easily track your consumption in an all-in-one tool Environmental Footprint Calculator Accurately track your environmental impact and make informed choices Developer Tools Scaleway API The Public Interface for developers CLI Deploy and manage your infrastructure directly from the command line Terraform Securely and efficiently provision and manage Infrastructure as Code with Terraform Quantum Quantum as a Service Quantum as a Service (Labs) Hybrid platform tailored for Quantum Computing Solutions Industries Gaming Public Sector Media and Entertainment Retail and E-commerce Financial Services Industrial Technology Healthcare Use Cases AI Solutions Cloud Storage Solutions Kubernetes Solutions Serverless Applications Managed Web Hosting For Startups Apply for Startup Program Founders Program Early Stage Program Growth Stage Resources Ecosystem All products Product updates Betas Changelog Blog Community Slack Community Feature Requests Scaleway Learning Company Events Careers About us News Marketplace Customer Testimonials Environmental Leadership Partnership Partners Program Find your partner Become a Partner Pricing Home Dedibox Scaleway Dedibox dedicated servers A range of next-generation, ultra-secure dedicated servers, ideal for startups, SMEs, and large enterprises. Host your infrastructure with Scaleway to benefit from tailor-made adaptability and total environment customization. Discover all our dedicated servers Need help choosing the server? Contact us Our range of dedicated servers for hosting your environments Dedicated Server Start The best choice for hosting your applications Impressive performance at the best price-performance ratio, pre-built ECC memory and unlimited public and private network traffic. Starting from €4.99 ex.VAT/month Learn more Dedicated Server Pro Perfectly balanced design Enhance the performance of your applications with our production-grade servers that offer the perfect balance of processing power, memory and storage Starting from €34.99 ex.VAT/month Learn more Dedicated Server Core Maximum performance in production High-end servers for intensive loads and critical deployments with Intel Xeon or AMD EPYC processors, ultra-fast NVMe local storage, and up to 25 Gbit/s connectivity! Starting from €119.99 ex.VAT/month Learn more Dedicated Server Store The largest storage volumes Large storage capacity for massive data processing. From a few large-volume disks to several smaller-volume disks, choose the configuration that best suits your needs. Starting from €39.99 ex.VAT/month Learn more Dedicated Server GPU Specialized in AI applications Dedicated GPU power with reliable performance and stability reducing time-to-result, choose between L40S or H100 GPUs. Starting from €1274.99 ex.VAT/month* *with a 36-month commitment Learn more Order a Dedibox server Contact us Up to 15% off your monthly pricing. Access Commitment Plans Scaleway success stories Veryswing Veryswing relies on Scaleway Dedibox Servers to provide services for more than 18.000 active business users since 2012. Learn more Sirdata Sirdata, a leader in data processing fully consent-based by design relies on Scaleway Dedibox. Learn more NextSourcia NextSourcia relies on Scaleway Dedibox for performance and stability. Learn more Our options for dedicated servers Operating Systems Scaleway Dedibox offers a wide range of OSes ready to install on your Dedibox dedicated server.Our range includes Linux distributions, Microsoft Windows, Parallels Plesk panel and virtualization distributions. Check out the list Storage Scaleway offers solutions for storage, backup and archiving projects. In a few clicks, increase the storage of your Dedibox server with SAN volumes, create your storage infrastructure with our Store range servers and take advantage of our Object Storage to store and to archive your data without volume limits. Check the storage options Network Dedibox servers are connected to 2 physically distinct networks in order to secure exchanges of your data (physical isolation) and provide maximum performance. The private network RPN allows exchanges between your servers without impacting your connectivity to the internet. Check the networks option Also discover our brand new dedicated server offer, with more flexibility and cloud compatibility - Elastic Metal Learn more about Elastic Metal Key Benefits of Dedibox Dedicated Servers Quality and reliability We manage a continuously growing park of more than 100,000 servers in our datacenters in France and the Netherlands. Constant innovation We offer a proven track record of building the technologies that help your infrastructure and business perform at their best. We continue to invest in many R&D programs to offer the best technologies on the market. Console and API With Scaleway Dedibox, you can pilot your services from: A simplified graphic interface A REST API to quickly interact with your Dedibox servers or automate maintenance tasks. Premium network We operate a high-performance, ultra-fast and reliable network, fully meshed at 100 Gbit/sec. Our AS12876 network is based on the most advanced equipment on the market and has more than 8 Tbit/sec of capacity to multiple operators and exchange points. High-end data centers We have designed the most modern and efficient datacenters in the world. This design ensures redundancy, stability and energy & water savings. Our datacenters are also ISO 27001 and ISO 50001 compliant and TIER 3 certified by the Uptime Institute. 24/7 Support year-round Enjoy peace of mind with our 24/7 customer support. On top of that, we ensure your infrastructure is always up and running. Third party management services Our infrastructure stability has made us the trusted choice of thousands of IT managers. We offer a complete catalog of services to accompany you in migration, deployment and maintenance to ensure the optimal working conditions. European with global DNA We are a European cloud trusted by thousands of customers in over 160 countries. From product delivery to customer support, Scaleway is built to feel local… no matter where you live! Fun & serious The Scaleway Dedibox team works with a positive, open and playful mindset. We’re not just creating a cloud, we’re building an entire universe! Cloud development doesn’t need to be boring. We like to work hard, innovate and put our customers first. Get started with tutorials Quickstart Dedibox Learn more Tutorials Frequently asked questions How to rent a dedicated server ? Selecting and configuring your enterprise dedicated server at Scaleway is straightforward: choose the specifications that suit your needs while benefiting from our commitment to reduce environmental impact. Save money on your dedicated server: Scaleway tips To optimize your expenses on a dedicated server, several tips can be implemented. Resource optimization: Efficient use of your server’s resources can save money. Regularly assess your needs and adjust your server's resources accordingly. Operating system choice: Choosing Linux as your operating system can save you the licensing fees associated with Windows. Energy consumption: Modern dedicated servers are more energy-efficient. Consider an upgrade if your server is old. Outsourcing certain tasks: Tasks like email sending can be outsourced to reduce the load on your server. Use of automation solutions: These solutions can reduce the time spent managing your server, resulting in indirect savings. Reducing unnecessary traffic: Using tools to block malicious bots can reduce unnecessary traffic on your server. Products All Products Betas Bare Metal Dedibox Elastic Metal Compute Instances GPU Containers Object Storage Block Storage Resources Documentation Changelog Blog Feature Requests Slack Community Contact Create a ticket Report Abuse Status Dedibox Console online.net Support Brand resources Company About us Events Marketplace Environmental Leadership Social Responsibility Security Shared Responsibility Model News Careers Scaleway Learning Client Success Stories Labs Follow us linkedIn YouTube x instagram slack Contracts Legal Notice Privacy Policy Cookie Security Measures Accessibility Statement Service Level Agreement © 1999- 2025 - Scaleway SAS