Digital Marketing Services - Online Essentials Skip to content Get a website from just *$60 ex GST p/m Choose language Facebook-f Linkedin-in Instagram Services Close Services Open Services Websites Basic website Standard website Premium website Digital Marketing SEO Online Advertising Listings New website offer! Get a website from just *$60 ex GST /month! Get started Packages Close Packages Open Packages Online Visibility Launch your online presence with our Visibility package. Perfect for businesses looking to establish their local online presence. Online Visibility Get started Online Local Search Achieve top rankings in local search results on search engines and directories with our Local Search package. Online Local Search Get started Online Leads Generate high-quality leads with our Leads package. Perfect for businesses looking to expand their customer base quickly. Online Leads Get started About us Close About us Open About us Our blog Stay informed with the latest trends and developments in the industry. Our blog Check our latest posts Our partners We collaborate with a wide range of renowned enterprises. Our partners Our trusted partners Our team Meet the team of innovators behind Online Essentials. Our team Get to know them Resellers Contact us Supercharge your Business Websites & Digital Marketing Get Found Online We do it for you starting from *$60 ex GST p/m Telstra domain migration to Online Essentials. Learn more → Get started Request a call back Local Business Power Choose Online Essentials Our experts manage it all. From building high-performance websites to crafting tailored digital marketing strategies, we optimise your online presence and drive performance inline with your business goals. We also offer comprehensive digital marketing services and website marketing solutions to help your business grow online. We do the work, you see the results. Websites Get online or upgrade your website. Websites Get online Digital Marketing Grow your business & standout online. Digital Marketing Get Found Online Packages Bundle your website with powerful digital marketing solution packages. Online Packages Check our packages Expert Digital Solutions Check out our portfolio Our team of experts create stunning, conversion-focused websites designed to captivate and engage. Our professional website services support effective website marketing and drive real business results. Check it out Customers Served 0 k Years Experience 0 + Digital Solutions 0 k About us 20+ years of local Business Support Online Essentials has been delivering digital marketing solutions to small and medium-sized businesses in partnership with some of the largest media companies globally. We have positioned ourselves as industry leaders and continue to drive innovation. Now, we bring the expertise of our team directly to you. Read more about us 20+ Years of experience Request a call back Let’s discuss your Digital Marketing needs Whether you’re looking to revamp your website, enhance your SEO, or manage your online reputation, our team is here to help. Contact us today to discuss your digital goals and discover how we can elevate your online presence together. " * " indicates required fields Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First name * Last name * Business name * Business phone number * Email address * Contact method Business phone number Email address I need help with * Websites SEO Online Advertising Listings Packages Domains CAPTCHA Δ Amsterdam Global Headquarters​ Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018 LL – Amsterdam, Netherlands Melbourne Australian office​ Level 6, 303 Collins Street, Melbourne – 3000, Australia Online Packages Visibility Local Search Leads Visibility Local Search Leads Services SEO Websites Online Advertising Listings SEO Websites Online Advertising Listings Resources Resellers Case studies Blog About us Partners Team Terms of Service Privacy Policy Resellers Case studies Blog About us Partners Team Terms of Service Privacy Policy Online Packages Visibility Local Search Leads Visibility Local Search Leads Services SEO Websites Online Advertising Listings SEO Websites Online Advertising Listings Domains Resources Resellers Case studies Blog About us Partners Team Terms of Service Privacy Policy Resellers Case studies Blog About us Partners Team Terms of Service Privacy Policy Email: support@onlineessentials.com.au Phone: 1300 328 028 Email: help@onlineessentials.com Phone: +31 61 354 5234 Follow us on social media Facebook-f Linkedin-in Instagram Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Copyright © 2025 Spotzer Digital . All rights reserved. We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English Belgium French Change Language Close and do not switch language For current Telenet customers IF YOU ARE A CURRENT TELENET CUSTOMER AND ARE VISITING OUR SITE IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSFER OF YOUR CONTRACT TO ONLINE ESSENTIALS BY SPOTZER DIGITAL, PLEASE READ ON: As of October 31 , your website services will be transferred from Telenet to Online Essentials . Nothing will change for your website: it will remain online without interruption and you can continue to count on the same reliable support as before. The only change is that from that date onwards, you will receive your invoices directly from Online Essentials . You will receive clear instructions by email on how to update your payment details. Until then, you do not need to take any action yourself. Below you will find answers to the most frequently asked questions about this transition. What will happen to my website after October 31? Your website will remain online as usual. There will be no interruptions or changes to the content. You will receive the same service, only directly from Online Essentials instead of Telenet. Do I need to do anything to keep my website online? Your website will remain online automatically. In November, you will receive an email with instructions on how to update your payment details so that payments are made directly to Online Essentials. Until then, you do not need to take any action. What is the difference between Telenet Website Services and Online Essentials by Spotzer Digital? There is actually no difference. Telenet already worked with the Online Essentials by Spotzer Digital team to provide the websites and support you know today. Your service will continue as before, usually even with the same support team. Online Essentials by Spotzer Digital will simply take over all obligations from your current contract. Will my website be interrupted? No. As long as you update your payment details and pay your invoices to Online Essentials, your website will remain available without any interruption. Will the prices change? No. Telenet and Online Essentials by Spotzer Digital have ensured that your package and price will remain unchanged. When will my invoice change? From October 31, you will receive your invoice directly from Online Essentials by Spotzer Digital. The amount for your website services will remain the same. Learn more English Belgium French