PROMT.One Translate | Free translation, dictionary and word usage in contexts PROMT. One Free online translator and dictionary Translation Contexts Conjugation and declension Grammar Feedback Help Download the App Advertise Online translation and dictionary Select source language Detect language Arabic Azerbaijani Chinese Chuvash English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Italian Japanese Kazakh Korean Kyrgyz Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Tatar Turkish Turkmen Ukrainian Uzbek Source text 0 / 5000 Select target language Arabic Azerbaijani Chinese Chuvash English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Italian Japanese Kazakh Korean Kyrgyz Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Tatar Turkish Turkmen Ukrainian Uzbek Translation results Translation results Your text has been partially translated. You can translate a maximum of 5000 characters at a time. Login or register for free on PROMT.One and translate even more ! <> Advert Examples of word usage in different contexts are provided solely for linguistic purposes, i.e. to study word usage in a sentence in one language and how they can be translated into another. All samples are automatically collected from a variety of publicly available open sources using bilingual search technologies. If you find a spelling, punctuation or any other error in the original or translation, use the "Report a problem" option or write to us . PROMT Professional NMT Try offline translator for your PC and laptop Download PROMT Master NMT Accurate document translation Download DOWNLOAD OUR FREE APP PROMT.ONE Testimonials Placeholder SM Slava M 02.10.2020 Great translator! Started to use as a backup for google translate, but lately found myself using mostly PROMT. Placeholder VB Vineeth Basil Joseph 04.06.2020 I understood how it works once i opened this app. Very good. My request to you for adding the language hindi-english in download page. I AM WORKING FOR A PROJECT. THANKING YOU IN ADVANCE. Placeholder SR Spartacus Red 08.02.2020 Wonderful! 
                        It is hard to believe that it so accurately captures the essence of the original. I have both the English and Russian copies of the article so I can compare the translation with the original English. It is amazingly accurate. What a difference in these free translation programs from paid ones of 10 years ago. A grateful “Thank you”. Placeholder A Avery 19.07.2019 I am learning Russian and I will recommend this app to everyone I know that is learning a language Placeholder DF Derek Frank Walker 24.04.2021 It is the one of the best text translators can you please add in it THE UZBEK LANGUAGE THEN I'LL PUT IT 5 STARS Previous Next Discover the possibilities of PROMT neural machine translation Neural MT Enjoy accurate, natural-sounding translations powered by Neural Machine Translation (NMT) and translate with PROMT every day. Smart Look-up Look up translations for words and idioms in the online dictionary, and listen to how words are being pronounced by native speakers.
            PROMT dictionaries for English , German , French , Russian , Spanish , Italian ,
            and Portuguese contain millions of words and phrases as well
            as contemporary colloquial vocabulary, monitored and updated by our linguists. Conjugation and Declension Conjugate English verbs , German verbs , Spanish verbs , French verbs , Portuguese verbs , Italian verbs , Russian verbs in all forms and tenses, and decline nouns and adjectives Conjugation and Declension. Examples of word usage Search for examples of word usages in different Contexts .
            We have automatically collected millions of examples of translation in different languages from a variety of
            publicly available open sources to help you learn languages and do your homework. Mobile App Translate anywhere and  anytime using the free PROMT mobile translator for iOS and Android .
            Try voice and photo translation. PROMT Agent Install language  packages for offline translation on mobile devices and download PROMT AGENT , a plugin for pop-up
            translation in any Windows app, with a PREMIUM subscription . × PROMT.One Scan the QR code to install the app on your smartphone × PROMT.One Scan the QR code to install the app on your smartphone × PROMT.One Scan the QR code to install the app on your smartphone Share translation × loading... Direct link to the translation: × Sorry, But you can currently translate no more than 5000  characters at a time. Please log in or register to translate up to 5,000 characters at a time. Log in\ Register About service | Terms | Privacy policy | Advertizing on PROMT.One | Help | Mobile version | Select a language Русский English Deutsch Français Español Português © PROMT,  2010 - 2026 English translation , Russian translation , German translation , French translation , Spanish translation , Italian translation , Azerbaijani translation , Arabic translation , Hebrew translation , Kazakh translation , Chinese translation , Korean translation , Portuguese translation , Tatar translation , Turkish translation , Turkmen translation , Uzbek translation , Ukrainian translation , Finnish translation , Estonian translation , Japanese translation Spanish conjugation , English conjugation , German conjugation , Italian conjugation , Portuguese conjugation , Russian conjugation , French conjugation . Features Text Translation Context Examples Conjugation and Declension Free apps PROMT.One for iOS PROMT.One for Android Offers For developers Advert Add to Favorites × You must be logged in to add to Favorites Log In or Register OK By continuing to use this website you agree with our use of cookies. We and our partners will collect data and use cookies for ad personalization and measurement. Learn how