Online PDF Converter - Fast, easy to use & free! One PDF tool. Endless features. v 11.2 Fast. Easy to use. Online. Free. Convert. Merge. Edit. Compress. Unlock. Protect. And more. Export. Ein PDF Tool. Unzählige Funktionen. Kostenlos. PDF-Converter Features / Help FAQ / Problems Feedback Support project Contact PDF-Converter Features / Help FAQ / Problems Feedback Support project Contact Online PDF-Converter (with the ability to edit, merge and unlock PDF) News - Nov 14, 2025: Version 11.2 More... You can convert your files to PDF, you can edit , unlock , merge PDF files, you can export PDF files (to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, JPG) and much more. Just select your files below. Supported formats Supported formats: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, OpenOffice, Images, XPS, PDF and more ! Depending on your files you can set many options - most of them can be combined! - You can select particular pages, rotate PDF pages, reorder pages, split files and much more (just have a look at the buttons right of the selected file). - A PDF protection for printing, copying and editing is removed automatically (without password). For read-protected PDF files the correct password is required. - Many other options can be defined, like header/footer, layout and compression. Finally, click on 'Convert'. Do you need help? Documentation of all features Advertisement Please activate JavaScript! Mode: Merge files Convert files separately How: one after another mixed alternately (the pages are taken alternately from the two documents, e.g. if you have scanned your documents double-sided) convert to: PDF with character recognition in Bulgarian Chinese (simplified) Chinese (traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Optical character recognition in images (OCR): No, without OCR (max. 500 pages) Yes, with OCR (max. 100 pages) in Bulgarian Chinese (simplified) Chinese (traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Insert pages as images Advanced OCR: apply character recognition not only in scans, but in the whole file content Please note: Your files will be splitted during conversion. (Download as ZIP archive) Preferences: Compression View Images Protection Header / footer Excel Layout Optimization The following preferences affect the compression of all images/graphics. The file size depends on the quality and resolution values. If you need a small file size, decrease the values. Compression for PDF-to-PDF Should quality and resolution be retained as in the original? Retain original compression Quality of images The lower the quality, the smaller is the file size. 1 - low quality 2 3 4 5 - medium quality 6 7 8 - Standard, optimal quality 9 10 - high quality Resolution of images The lower the resolution, the smaller is the file size. 25 dpi (lowest resolution) 50 dpi 72 dpi 96 dpi (low resolution) 120 dpi 150 dpi (medium resolution) 200 dpi 250 dpi 300 dpi (Standard, optimal resolution) 600 dpi (high resolution) 1200 dpi (best resolution) Color / black-and-white Images in black-and-white reduce the file size additionally Color Gray scale Black-and-White (monochrome) Zoom setting on startup: This can be changed in the PDF Reader additionally. Determine automatically --- 50% 75% 100% (Original size) 125% 150% 200% --- Adjust to window size Show full page --- Use the default settings of the PDF viewer Page view on startup: This can be changed in the PDF Reader additionally. Determine automatically --- Continuous view (standard) Single-page-view Double-sided-view --- Use the default settings of the PDF viewer Bookmarks: Should headings or bookmarks be created like a table of contents? Retain existing bookmarks Create bookmarks by using the name of your files Navigation window: Should a sidebar be displayed when opening the file? Show bookmarks when opening the file (if available) Show thumbnails of the pages Hide sidebar PDF annotations & highlighting: (only applied for PDF to PDF conversions) Retain Embed (not editable afterwards) Remove The following preferences affect only conversions from image files (jpg, gif, png, bmp, tif) Page layout: Size and orientation of the page Use original size of the image User-defined --- A0 A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 A6 A7 --- Letter Legal Tabloid / Ledger --- ANSI A ANSI B ANSI C ANSI D ANSI E --- ARCH A ARCH B ARCH C ARCH D ARCH E --- B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 --- C0 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 x mm cm inch Automatic orientation (Standard) Portrait Landscape Images per page: How many images should be displayed on a page? 1 image per page 2 images per page 3 images per page 4 images per page 6 images per page 8 images per page 9 images per page 10 images per page 12 images per page 15 images per page with border Reading direction: In which direction should the images be arranged? Arrange automatically Horizontal (side by side) Vertical (one below the other) Row by row Column by column Left to right Right to left Image size: How big should the image be displayed on the page? Original size, if possible Fit image to page automatically Fit image to page width Fit image to page height User-defined size and position % mm cm inch of the page width of the page height of the original size width height Position: How should the image be positioned? Horizontal: Left Middle Right mm cm inch Vertical: Top Middle Bottom mm cm inch Page margin: How big should be the space between image and page margin (at least)? mm cm inch Inner margin: How big should be the space between the images? mm cm inch minimum exact Orientation of the images: How should the image be rotated? Original orientation Automatic orientation (regarding Exif metadata) --- Rotate to the right (90°) Turn upside down (180°) Rotate to the left (-90°) --- Landscape, if required by rotation to the right Landscape, if required by rotation to the left --- Portrait, if required by rotation to the right Portrait, if required by rotation to the left Security options: Printing, editing and/or copying of PDF pages can be locked separately. Additionally, a password can be set to prevent opening of the PDF file by everyone. Create password for opening Password: Lock printing Lock copying Lock modifying In this section you can define a header and a footer. These are displayed on the top/bottom of each PDF page. In addition to your own text, you can use a page numbering with the placeholders below. By clicking on a text field, a template box is displayed. The placeholders are replaced by the according page number automatically while converting the file to PDF. Header: Left: Middle: Right: Footer: Left: Middle: Right: Placeholders for the page numbering: Current page number with (x) , Number of pages with (y) Example: Page (x) of (y) Initial value for page numbering: Placeholder for the file name: Filename (without extension) with (file) , Filename (+ extension) with (file).(ext) Font size: 8 9 10 11 12 14 16 18 Font family: Arial Arial (Bold) Calibri Calibri (Bold) Courier Courier (Bold) Times New Roman Times New Roman (Bold) Color: Black Dark grey Medium grey Light grey White Blue Red Green Beginning on: Page Margin top and bottom: mm cm inch Margin left and right: mm cm inch Cover margins with white color (for better readability or to overlap already existing text in this area) Top: mm Left: mm Right: mm Bottom: mm These settings affect the conversion from Excel to PDF and from PDF to Excel. Decimal separator determines the formatting of decimal numbers Comma (,) Point (.) Language for the date formatting --- German English (UK) English (US) French Spanish Italian Portuguese Define a new PDF layout (e.g. multiple pages per sheet) or change an existing layout (e.g from A3 to A4). PDF page layout: Format, size, pages per sheet... Original layout Custom layout --- Add margin (and scale down content) Remove margin (and scale up content) Cover margin (with white color) --- Multiple pages per sheet Booklet (in order to bind a book) --- Split multi-page layout 2 pages per sheet 3 pages per sheet 4 pages per sheet 6 pages per sheet 8 pages per sheet 9 pages per sheet 10 pages per sheet 12 pages per sheet 15 pages per sheet Printed on the left and right Printed on the right only Printed on the left only Cut each page into 2 parts Cut each page into 3 parts Cut each page into 4 parts Cut each page into 6 parts Cut each page into 8 parts Cut each page into 9 parts Cut each page into 10 parts Cut each page into 12 parts Cut each page into 15 parts with border Cutting direction: How should the pages be cut? Parallel to the shorter edge Parallel to the longer edge Vertical (from top to bottom) Horizontal (from left to right) Reading direction: In which direction should the pages be arranged? How are the pages arranged? In which direction do you read? Arrange automatically Horizontal (side by side) Vertical (one below the other) Horizontal (side by side) Vertical (one below the other) Row by row Column by column Left to right Right to left Consecutive Booklet layout (disassembled) Help Printer settings: Print mode / paper feed Duplex-Printer - flip on long edge Duplex-Printer - flip on short edge No Duplex-Printer - with paper feed on the front No Duplex-Printer - with paper feed on the back Please read the Printing guide . Outer margin: The space between content and page margin in the original file Top: mm cm inch Left: mm cm inch Right: mm cm inch Bottom: mm cm inch Inner margin: The space between the pages in the original file mm cm inch Page layout (Output) : Which size and orientation should have the new page in the converted PDF file? Original size User-defined --- A0 A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 A6 A7 --- Letter Legal Tabloid / Ledger --- ANSI A ANSI B ANSI C ANSI D ANSI E --- ARCH A ARCH B ARCH C ARCH D ARCH E --- B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 --- C0 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 x mm cm inch Automatic orientation (Standard) Portrait Landscape Content size: How big should the content be displayed? Original size, if possible Fit content to page automatically Fit content to page width Fit content to page height User-defined size and position % mm cm inch of the page width of the page height of the original size width height Position: How should the content be positioned? Horizontal: Left Middle Right mm cm inch Vertical: Top Middle Bottom mm cm inch Outer margin: The space between content and page margin Add page margin: How much page margin should be added (minimum)? Remove page margin: How much page margin should be removed (maximum)? Cover page margin: How much page margin should be covered with white color? Top: mm cm inch Left: mm cm inch Right: mm cm inch Bottom: mm cm inch You can define up to 3 margins. Inner margin: The space between the pages mm cm inch minimum exact These settings affect the optimization of images when choosing an image format (like JPG) or when converting to Image-PDF or to a searchable PDF. Convert text in scanned documents and image to vector graphics (for a better quality and smaller file size) Invert colors (Black to White - White to Black) Align scanned text automatically (for scanned documents which are skewed) Optimize background - bright colors turn into white (for slight shades or yellowish paper) Level 1 - low Level 2 Level 3 - medium Level 4 Level 5 - high Level 6 - extreme Optimize text - dark colors turn into black (to increase readability for bright text) Level 1 - low Level 2 Level 3 - medium Level 4 Level 5 - high Level 6 - extreme Optimize text - enhance font weight (to increase readability for thin fonts) Filename after conversion: .pdf Convert Reset Uploaded files are never saved. All data is deleted after conversion. More about privacy Please report all problems and bugs in the Feedback-Section to improve the quality of the converter. Thank you! Advertisement Advertisement From the developer of Online2PDF.com Rename & sort photos/videos. Remove duplicated files. Online PDF Converter | Features / Help | News | FAQ | Feedback | Support project Data Protection / Security | Disclaimer | Contact / Imprint Copyright © Online2PDF.com , 2007-2025. All rights reserved. Privacy settings