Online Stopwatch Online-Stopwatch Log In! Join Premium! Search Change Language Menu Race Timers - Character Race Timers with Random Results :-) Classroom Timers - Fun Timers for classrooms and meetings :-) Holiday Timers - More Fun Timers - But these are Holiday Themed! :-) Random Name Pickers - Probably the BEST random Name Pickers online! All Free and easy to use :-) Random Number Generators - Need to pick some random numbers? - Try our Random Number Generators! :-) Sensory Timers - Sensory Timers and Relaxing Timers. No numbers. No Stress. No Problems :-) Clocks - Try our range of clocks - talking, fun, just a choice of clocks! Exam Timers - Need a formal timer for an exam? Our Exam Timers will help! :-) Chance Games - Get some Random Results with our Chance Games! :-) Group Generators - Team Generators or Group Pickers! Quickly get people into groups and teams! :-) Presentation Timers - Presentation Timers and Speech Timers. Have your say! :-) Tally Counters - Counters, Tally, Clickers! Get Clicking :-) Everybody needs a stopwatch at some point -- and there's never one around! Well... Now there is! Online Stopwatch! A Simple, Fast Online Stopwatch and Online Countdown timer always available when you need it. Stopwatch - Online Stopwatch - Online Countdown Add to My Page! - Add this app to My Page! A Premium Feature! :-) Use the Online Stopwatch Full Screen Go Fullscreen! - Use the Online Stopwatch Full Screen Go Ad Free! - Remove all Ads and make your Apps Bigger and Better! :-) Site Menu Home - Go Back to the Home Page... :-) Race Timers - Character Race Timers with Random Results :-) Classroom Timers - Fun Timers for classrooms and meetings :-) Holiday Timers - More Fun Timers - But these are Holiday Themed! :-) Random Name Pickers - Probably the BEST random Name Pickers online! All Free and easy to use :-) Random Number Generators - Need to pick some random numbers? - Try our Random Number Generators! :-) Sensory Timers - Sensory Timers and Relaxing Timers. No numbers. No Stress. No Problems :-) Dates - Countdown to important dates and birthdays around the world! Clocks - Try our range of clocks - talking, fun, just a choice of clocks! Exam Timers - Need a formal timer for an exam? Our Exam Timers will help! :-) Chance Games - Get some Random Results with our Chance Games! :-) Group Generators - Team Generators or Group Pickers! Quickly get people into groups and teams! :-) Presentation Timers - Presentation Timers and Speech Timers. Have your say! :-) Countdown Timer - The Countdown Timer part split out, just for you. Large Stopwatch - Use the Stopwatch in FULL SCREEN. Great for meetings, classrooms, conferences, schools, anywhere really... :-) Split Lap Timer - Split Laps, record times... :-) Egg Timer - An Online Sand Timer. Bomb Countdown - Watch the fuse go down. Clock Countdown - It goes round and round. Chess Clock - A free online Chess Clock Chess Timer - Clock goes UP, Timer goes Down. Simple! Online Clock - An Online Clock! Full Screen and Clear Online Alarm Clock - An Online Alarm Clock! Easy To Use and Very School Like! Online Digital Clock - An Online Digital Clock! Why? You Wanted It! Change the Color, 12 Hour or 24 Hour. Cash Clock - Time is Money! So get it right - with our new Cash Clock! Interval Timer - Make your own routines, and save them! Metronome - Keep the beat with our easy to use Metronome! Make Your Own Timer! - Make your own custom countdown timer or ticker until any date! Custom Countdown - Change the sounds and more... :-) Talking Clock - Our Talking Clock is great for keeping track of the time! Video Timers - A Clock or Countdown with a video background. Great to Relax or Sleep! Timer - Set a Timer from 1 second to over a year! Big screen countdown Join NOW! For Premium Features! Online Stopwatch Online Calculator Help & Support Contact Us Terms Privacy Policy Change Language English French Spanish Portuguese German Chinese Serbian More...