Church Online Platform Features How It Works Learn Careers Log In SIGN UP Take Your Church Online Engage your attenders and lead them to their next step with the Church Online Platform. ‍ Get Started Sign Up Customizable Platform Add your branding, set unique action steps, create your own domain, and more. Volunteer Management Easily onboard and equip volunteers to host, pray, and facilitate online services. Live Prayer Request Empower your volunteers to pray for attenders throughout the service with the live prayer request feature. Easy and Quick Setup Set up your church and schedule your first service in less than 5 minutes. Free Platform Built for Churches The Church Online Platform has unique features that you need to interact with attenders, build community, and help hurting people find Jesus. And they’re all included completely free of charge. You gain full access to the platform and all of its features, with ongoing support and upgrades for the life of the tool––because eternities are at stake. Explore Features How is this free? Pricing 100% Free Customer support Live or Simulated Live Services Unlimited services AND attenders Unlimited admins and hosts Unlimited public chat, private chat, and prayers Chat controls like mute, delete, and direct chat Customizable calls to action Integrations like Google Analytics AND Facebook Private chat and resources for staff and volunteers Custom domain name Analytics dashboards Future feature releases and updates Works With Your Streaming Providers And More Broadcast your live or prerecorded church service with the streaming provider of your choice. No matter your budget, there’s a streaming provider option that works seamlessly with the Church Online Platform. Learn About Streaming God is working through churches just like yours. Since 2011, churches around the world have leveraged the Church Online Platform to reach the lost in their own communities and in every country on Earth. 38,428 churches have joined since 2011. What Others Say About the Church Online Platform On Sunday we had people from 12 different states and Italy join us! Thank you for helping us spread the Gospel! Neal Benson General Pastor at Coastline Bible Shout out to the Church Online Platform for all your effort and work.  Easter Online was🔥🔥🔥with no issues at all! Benny McDaniel General Pastor at The Woods Church We’re able to do life with and minister to people simply through a camera and your platform. Caleb Meeks Lead Pastor at Journey Community Church I don’t know any other place where you can get a free platform that has support like this! Jacob Schwegel Lead Pastor at Great Commission Church Thanks for your great work! So appreciate your tireless work to help us reach people Chris McGregor Lead Pastor at City Church @COPlatform About Privacy Support Terms © 2025 Life.Church All rights reserved.