Video Trimmer - Cut Video Online for Free - MP4, AVI, MPG, 3GP Video Video Editor Screen Recorder Text to speech Merge Videos Trim Video Add Audio to Video Add Image to Video Add Text to Video Remove Logo from Video Crop Video Rotate Video Flip video Resize Video Loop Video Change Video Volume Change Video Speed Stabilize Video Video Recorder Audio Trim Audio Change Volume Change Speed Change Pitch Equalizer Reverse Audio Voice Recorder Audio Joiner PDF Convert from PDF PDF to Word PDF to Excel PDF to PPT PDF to JPG PDF to PNG PDF to HTML Convert to PDF Word to PDF JPG to PDF Excel to PDF PPT to PDF PNG to PDF Split Merge Compress Unlock Protect Rotate Add Page Numbers Converters Audio Converter Video Converter Image Converter Document Converter Font Converter Archive Converter Ebook Converter Archive Extractor Log In Remove Ads Trim Video Trim or cut video of any format Choose File Google Drive Dropbox From URL or drop a file here Online Video Cutter This web app comes in handy when you need to cut a small video file. It does not require installation, and it works in your browser. Crop video Cropping allows you to frame the video to the desired area or change frame proportions. Rotate video You can rotate your video 90, 180 or 270 degrees. It can be useful when a portrait scene was shot in a landscape mode or vice versa. Any format you can think of The app supports almost every video format out there. If your file fails to open, then it is probably damaged or it is too big. Easy video trimming After uploading your file, you can choose the quality and format of the output file. There are no complicated controls — every feature is just one or two clicks away. Security guaranteed Your files are automatically deleted from our servers a few hours after you are done working with them. Nobody has access to them except you. Video editing online The app can cut video files right in your browser window. Files of up to 4 GB are supported, and we are about to raise this limit. Format-specific tools GIF Cutter Cut MKV MOV Cutter Trim WEBM WMV Cutter Trim MPEG ASF Cutter Android Video Cutter TikTok Video Cutter Instagram Video Cutter X (ex-Twitter) Video Trimmer Rate this tool 4.3 / 5 19282 votes © 123apps.com Blog Privacy Refund policy Pricing Contact us English Choose a language Language tw 繁體中文 en English ja 日本語 cn 简体中文 es Español pt Português it Italiano de Deutsch fr Français ru Русский pl Polski tr Türkçe id Bahasa Indonesia ko 한국어 vi tiếng Việt th ภาษาไทย Contact us Ask a question, report a bug, or suggest a feature. Attach files Send message Thank you Your message has been sent successfully ОК Subscription Paused Your message was successfully sent. Meanwhile, we’ve analyzed it and paused the subscription linked to the email you provided. You won’t be charged further. You can re-enable your subscription anytime from your account page. ОК Something went wrong Message could not be sent. Please try again later or contact us at support@123apps.com . ОК ОК Upgrade to Premium Premium access to 51 apps Save videos without length limits Open files up to 4 GB in size Ai audio processing Unlimited files No ads Full HD video export Text to Speech Cancel anytime NT$ 154 per month Monthly Yearly -20% Go Premium Continue with a free account Premium Premium access to 51 apps Save videos without length limits Open files up to 4 GB in size Ai audio processing Unlimited files No ads Full HD video export Text to Speech Cancel anytime NT$ 154 per month Monthly Yearly -20% Go Premium Would you like to save {annual-savings-percent}%? You can save {annual-savings-percent}% when you pay annually. Pay {annual-price} for a year of access. That's {annual-monthly-price} per month . No, thanks Yes, please Upgrade to Premium A single subscription for all of our apps Reset Password Enter your email address, and we'll send you a link to reset your password. Reset Password Log In Set new password Set a new password for your 123apps account. Make sure you remember it and store it safely. Set new password Password Updated Your password has been updated. ОК Log In A single account for all our apps Sign in with Google or Log In Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign Up Create an Account A single account for all our apps Sign in with Google or Create an Account By creating an account you agree to our Privacy & Terms Already have an account? Log In Update payment method We couldn’t renew your subscription. Please update your billing information. Please authorize this app to work with your Google Drive OK