Alt — A Smarter Way to Buy and Sell Trading Cards Invest Buy Learn about how you can instantly buy investment grade alternative assets Sell Find out about all the ways you can sell hassle free on our platform Mint Expand the possibilities of what you can do with your assets. All Cards Alt Auctions Market Trends My Collection SELL Log In Create Account Collect What You Love Alt is the best place to research, buy and sell the hottest trading cards in the hobby. Browse the Exchange Buy Purchase cards on our Fixed Price marketplace or in weekly Alt Auctions, featuring a curated selection of the most sought-after cards in the hobby. Search across marketplaces and compare prices. Get daily updates for newly listed cards you're interested in. Choose from thousands of authenticated cards. Learn More Sell Maximize your card sales by reaching a global audience of passionate collectors. Get a guaranteed cash advance when submitting cards valued $250 or higher to Alt Auctions. List cards for sale across multiple marketplaces in seconds. Enjoy fast payouts and commission on your sales. Learn More Vault The Alt Vault keeps your assets secure and enables hassle-free selling. Learn More Borrow Alt Lending lets you borrow cash against your cards without having to let them go. Learn More Real-Time Pricing Data for Buyers and Sellers Alt Value Our card valuation tool combines transaction history and systemic market knowledge to provide the most accurate, up-to-date pricing for over 10 million cards (and counting). Instant Pricer Take a photo of any PSA or BGS graded card and instantly see the Alt Value, giving you a real-time look at how much its worth. Market Trends Our in-depth trend data helps you identify categories, players, and seasonal movements to inform your decision about when it’s the right time to buy and sell. Portfolio Tracking Your Alt Portfolio lets you see the value of every graded card in your collection in real-time. Find Your Next Card Browse the Exchange “Most importantly, my experience at Alt is by far the best place to buy and sell cards. Best customer service. Lowest fees. Top class free data tools. Super fast receiving and shipping.” CASS Card Lens 2261 Market St #4019, San Francisco, CA 94114. Copyright © 2022 ALT.XYZ, All rights reserved. buy Sell Borrow Vault Company Careers Blog Help TERMS Privacy DOWNLOAD APP JOIN NEWSLETTER You're subscribed. That was the best decision ever. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Copyright © 2022 ALT.XYZ, All rights reserved.