Simple, Fast, & Secure WordPress Hosting - Rocket.net Features Easy Simplified all-in-one WordPress Platform. Control Panel Experienced Support Free Migrations Fast Delivered & Optimized by Cloudflare Enterprise. Enterprise CDN Network Free WP Rocket Secure Built-in and always on Website Security Suite. Website Firewall (WAF) Malware Protection Automatic Updates WordPress Activity Logging Schedule a Demo Let us guide you through our product that is helping thousunds of people already with their hosting. Solutions Agency Hosting Focus on growth and clients, let us help with WordPress. Blog Hosting Deliver the ultimate digital experience for your readers. Enterprise Hosting Large volume sites deserve special attention. Reseller Hosting Take our platform and make it your own. WooCommerce Hosting Improve experience and your conversion rate. Schedule a demo Let us guide you through our product that is helping thousunds of people already with their hosting. Resources About Us Industry leading team at your service. Blog Stay up to date on the latest happenings. Case Studies Learn how we’ve impacted customers just like you. Contact Us Have questions? We’re here to help, give us a shout! Pricing Log in Sign up Fast & Secure Hosting for WordPress Grow your business with lightning-fast, secure and fully-optimized websites that are easy to set up & manage. Free SSL, CDN, WAF Free Malware Protection 24x7 Expert Support & Unlimited Free Migrations See plans & pricing Chat with us Top-tier agencies and online businesses choose Rocket.net as their trusted managed WordPress hosting provider. True All-In-One WordPress Hosting Solution Built to win. Powerful WordPress hosting for a competitive edge. Focus on growing your business and creating content while we focus on keeping your websites fast and secure. Simple & Easy to Use Manage all your websites in a single user-friendly dashboard that is feature packed, yet very easy to use. How easy? Lightning Fast Speed Host the fastest WordPress websites that are pre-configured for maximum speed, helping you get higher conversions & SEO scores. How fast? Always-on Security Your websites are always online and safe from cyber attacks thanks to our enterprise-level WordPress security configurations. How secure? Maximum WordPress Powering the world's top websites, blogs, and shops. WordPress Publisher Agency Hosting eCommerce / WooCommerce Enterprise Did we tell you Rocket.net is fast already? Based on 20+ years in the hosting industry, Rocket.net was built from the ground up to provide our customers the best experience possible. Simple. Fast. Secure. There’s good reason why we’re the fastest WordPress hosting in the world, come and experience the difference for yourself! Industry-leading Customer Support Rocket is here for you when you really need it, our support team always has your back. We’ll help with migrations and fixing your website when the need arises. Rocket has you covered... What our competition doesn’t want you to know, Rocket provides the most powerful WordPress hosting solution with everything included Try Rocket now with a 30-day money-back guarantee and $1 special intro pricing. Powerful Agency Hosting Features Manage your clients with ease featuring Rocket’s industry-leading control panel, Enterprise speed and security features that your clients will love. Spend Your Time Making More Money No need to worry about maintaining servers or technical issues, Rocket.net works out of the box for true peace of mind. More on Rocket.net hosting for agencies White-label Reseller Hosting Sell WordPress hosting with your brand and logo, manage your agency with all the features you’d expect! Want to sell WordPress hosting? Check out our reseller hosting options Protect Your Customers with Bulletproof Website Security Stop paying for 3rd-party premium plugins to protect your store, Rocket secures your online store at no additional charge. Speed matters in eCommerce, but so does website security and always keeping your site safe without being a developer. Trust your business with Rocket.net WooCommerce hosting for a boost over your competition. Fast WooCommerce Hosting Get the fastest ecommerce hosting available for better sales and conversion rates, optimized for success before shoppers can abandon your website. Ready out of the box! No Setup Required! Point your WooCommerce to Rocket.net and we take care of the rest! From the Enterprise CDN to the Website Firewall – everything is pre-configured and ready to go. Ultimate WordPress performance bundle. No hidden upsells! Unlimited PHP Workers, Free Redis, Object Cache Pro, and Relay expertly configured for world-class hosting delivery. VIP WordPress Support Private Slack channel and dedicated Enterprise support phone number available 24/7/365. Enterprise Hosting Tailored Exactly for Your Specific Needs Powered by our Enterprise Edge, Rocket.net already hosts some of the world’s busiest high-volume WooCommerce, LMS, and dynamic sites. Rocket.net gives you the performance and security you’ve been looking for with WordPress Enterprise Hosting Every hosting company claims the exact same thing, we'll prove it! Rocket.net is the Fastest. Period. A fast WordPress website can help you sell more products, retain your site visitors, improve your search ranking, and bolster you brand’s reputation. Speed Results These are actual TTFB speed results (averaged) on our customer WordPress websites prior to migrating to Rocket.net. Rocket.net ~ 83ms Flywheel ~ 48% slower ~ 142ms Kinsta ~ 141% slower ~ 504ms WPEngine ~ 150% slower ~ 616ms Cloudways ~ 153% Slower ~ 625ms OUR TEAM IS ALWAYS READY TO HELP WITH ALL YOUR NEEDS Industry Leading Live Support - 24/7 We always put our customers first, from product planning to every single chat and ticket. With 20+ years of hosting experience, we’ll make sure you have a fantastic experience. Helping you solve any problems Instant response time via live chat Prefer email or phone? No problem! Don't be surprised if the CEO jumps in to help Chat with us Easy to use Simpler WordPress Website Management Easily manage all of your WordPress websites in our intuitive, user-friendly interface designed to maximize your productivity, minimize friction and help you succeed. User-friendly Dashboard Usage & performance analytics Collaborations Simply Powerful Peace of mind. Total Security Rocket.net’s secure WordPress hosting takes WordPress protection to the highest level with enterprise-level security solutions to keep your websites safe and always online. Proactive protection Pre-configured & optimized Real-time malware scanning & removal Completely Secure Why Rocket.net is Different What our customers have to say... After testing all So-Called Premium WordPress Hosting, I finally Feel Safe at Rocket. If you are looking for something simple yet powerful and blazing fast, Rocket is for you. I have hosted 10+ Clients So FAR and they Love the performance of their website in Frontend as well as backend. Rahul Singh CEO, Fix Web Vitals Susan Finch President and Owner at Funnel Media Group 800% TTFB Improvement 500% FCP Improvement Whilst their tech is good, their support is phenomenal. Having dealt with a company recently who issued my SSL there’s a noticeable difference in the overall support experience and Rocket.net is world-class. I would highly recommend this company to anyone on WordPress especially SMEs. Jeremy Robinson Rocket Customer Chris Azzari CEO, CornerStone SEO 600% TTFB Improvement 300% FCP Improvement It's an Easy Switch to Rocket.net Unlimited WordPress Migrations By switching over to Rocket.net, you’ll experience immediate improvements in speed, performance and security across all of your websites. The process is seamless, typically takes under an hour and we take care of everything. Best of all, you get to test and benchmark the site prior to switching your DNS. More Information Recently, we migrated to Rocket.net and brought all of our client sites over. We’ve done this a few times before and Rocket.net was painless, seamless, and quick. Customer support is the best we’ve ever seen. Brian Dote They got my sites quickly migrated onto their servers and saw an instant speed increase from the old host for half the price and no restrictive php worker limits. Support is world-class and all of the team are very helpful and knowledgeable. Joe Moving our site from WPEngine improved our site speed from a “D” to EXCELLENT an “A”. I highly recommend Rocket.net. They handled the migration for us! The customer support was amazing! Ray Williams Hands down the best experience with the support team! They migrated my site for free from Kinsta within minutes. Not only that but the speed is crazy fast! Bryan Peterson Went for a 3 year plan and no regrets so far, the migration process was fast, easy and free. Pagespeed scores improved immediately and i absolutely love their customer support. Ckoba The fastest woocommerce site migration I have ever experienced. From starting the chat until they migrated my site (including the NS propagation) takes only 30 minutes. Highly recommended! Vicky Have Questions? Schedule A Personal Rocket.net Demo Let's talk with a 1:1 personalized demo! Schedule a Demo STAY UP TO DATE Follow All the Latest Happenings at Rocket.net Blog • Agencies Google Lens? Time to Double Down on Image Optimization For Clients Dec 19, 2025 • 11 min read Blog • Digital Marketing Top 7 WooCommerce Email Marketing Triggers That Actually Make Money Dec 11, 2025 • 8 min read Blog • Agencies WordPress Code Snippets vs. Plugins: Stop Breaking Your Site During Theme Updates Dec 05, 2025 • 8 min read Ready for speed? Once you’re ready for a test, we’ll be waiting on chat! Let us do a FREE test migration for you so you can see the difference yourself on a temporary URL, without updating any domain settings! See plans & pricing Chat with us Subscribe to our newsletter so you can stay up to date with all the news about Rocket.net. Subscribe Features Easy Control Panel Experienced Support Free Migrations Fast Enterprise CDN Network Free WP Rocket Secure Website Firewall (WAF) Malware Protection Automatic Updates WordPress Activity Logging Solutions Agency Hosting Blog Hosting Enterprise Hosting Reseller Hosting WooCommerce Hosting Resources About Us Blog Case Studies Other Affiliate Program Agency Partner Program Careers Contact Us Pricing Schedule a Demo Compare us Rocket.net vs Kinsta Rocket.net vs WP Engine © 2025 Rocket.net • All rights reserved. Privacy Policy • Terms of Service