OnSIP Business VoIP Phone Service | Cloud PBX & VoIP Solutions OnSIP Business VoIP Phone Service | Cloud PBX & VoIP Solutions Current Customers: Launch app Knowledge Base 1 (800) 801 3381 Product Pricing Why OnSIP? Resources Blog OnSIP Features VoIP Fundamentals VoIP Solutions SMB Tips Industry News OnSIP News VoIP Reviews Product Pricing Why OnSIP? Blog Resources Start Free 1.800.801.3381 Partner with OnSIP Support Admin Looking for a VoIP solution that integrates with your Odoo platform? We've got you covered— learn more ! Hosted VoIP services built for your business OnSIP’s hosted VoIP services are designed to match how you work - giving you the business phone and messaging service you need for the price you want. Get started today. Start free Trusted by over 150,000 businesses You make the calls Our fully customizable phone system is a breeze to set up. Easily add and remove users and features to suit your business needs. And only pay for what you need with month-to-month contracts. OnSIP VoIP solution Tech you can trust We designed a system that’s so bulletproof, we patented it. Enjoy disaster-proof service thats always up, always on: cloud-based, high redundancy, and colocation hosted. Our patented technology Hardware on the house Make calls directly from the app, or use a desktop phone if you prefer. Best-in-class VoIP phones are included with the Unlimited plan (5 users minimum). Free phone offer Modern Business Communications Get voice, SMS/MMS, video calling, conferencing, and collaboration tools—all in a single, unified platform. OnSIP works seamlessly with any SIP-enabled device. OnSIP VoIP business communications Patented VoIP tech you can trust We designed a system that’s so bulletproof, we patented it. Enjoy an always up, always on VoIP platform that's cloud-based, has high redundancy, and can be used by businesses to comply with their HIPAA obligations. Our patented technology VoIP phones included Make calls directly from the app, or use a desktop phone if you prefer. Best-in-class VoIP phones are included with the Unlimited plan (5 users minimum). Free phone offer Text & Multimedia Messaging (SMS/MMS) Instantly connect with customers by sending and receiving text and multimedia messages from your business phone number. Enjoy effortless integration with your desktop and browser apps. Send SMS and MMS Hosted VoIP Services for Business Communications Basic Call center Collaboration Admin 3-Way Conferencing toggle answers to questions Lets you connect two other callers at the same time to speak simultaneously. Learn more > Announcements toggle answers to questions Applications that play a message to the caller then immediately forward them on to another address. Learn more > Auto Attendants toggle answers to questions Auto Attendants allow you to set up a touchtone menu of options for your callers. Learn more > Attended or Blind Transfer toggle answers to questions Send calls to another extension or 10-digit phone number with or without interaction with the person receiving the call. Learn more > Business Hour Rules toggle answers to questions Direct incoming calls to different destinations based on the time of day and day of week. Learn more > Busy Lamp Field toggle answers to questions A presence indicator that allows you to see who in your organization is available at any given time. Learn more > Call Blocking toggle answers to questions Stop annoying or unwanted calls from reaching you by filtering or blacklisting the number from your system. Learn more > Call Forwarding toggle answers to questions Redirect an incoming call to another destination, for example an extension or external phone number. Learn more > Call Management toggle answers to questions Handle business calls with ease: Place them on hold, mute them, and transfer them to colleagues. Learn more > Call Parking Lots toggle answers to questions Allow one user to put a call on hold from one device and another user to continue the conversation from any other device. Learn more > Call Recording toggle answers to questions Record your calls and upload to any compatible cloud storage provider. Learn more > Call Screening toggle answers to questions Identify the name and/or number of incoming callers. Learn more > Call Waiting toggle answers to questions View and be notified when another call is coming in if you’re on a call. Learn more > Caller ID toggle answers to questions Set a default Caller ID for outgoing calls and/or set a personal Caller ID for those with direct dial phone numbers. Learn more > Dial-by-Name Directory toggle answers to questions Create a company directory for callers to reach employees by spelling their names via touch tones. Learn more > Do Not Disturb toggle answers to questions Silence incoming calls to your deskphone and/or soft client app when you don’t wish to receive calls. Learn more > Drag and Drop Transfer toggle answers to questions Drag and drop any current call into your sidebar menu to transfer a call to another contact, either internally or externally. You can also choose between blind and attended transferring. Learn more > E911 toggle answers to questions Grants users access to 911 services by defining a physical location for each user. Learn more > Enhanced Music-on-Hold toggle answers to questions Standard Music on Hold includes 3 genres. Upgrading to Enhanced unlocks Internet radio streams and uploaded audio files. Learn more > HD Conference Suites toggle answers to questions Host an audio call for up to 15 simultaneous callers at an extension or phone number of your choosing. Learn more > Intercom toggle answers to questions Ring another user’s extension and then automatically open their speaker phone for a two-way conversation. Learn more > International Dialing toggle answers to questions Dial international phone numbers from your OnSIP account. Learn more > Interoffice Paging toggle answers to questions Page colleagues from phone to phone or generate company-wide broadcasting. Learn more > Music-on-Hold Channels toggle answers to questions Music on hold settings allow you to control the music your callers hear when they are placed on hold. 3 genres included: Jazz, Classical, and Elevator. Learn more > Personal Ring Strategy toggle answers to questions Set your ring time and where to send a call if it’s not answered. Learn more > Phone Numbers toggle answers to questions OnSIP has numbers available for purchase from many different area codes. Learn more > Ring Groups toggle answers to questions Group similar users together, such as Billing, and ring them all simultaneously or in succession. Learn more > Simple Queue Routing toggle answers to questions A virtual waiting room with Music-on-Hold for your callers to wait for the next available representative. Learn more > SMS and MMS toggle answers to questions Send and receive SMS and MMS messages through the OnSIP app. Available for both Basic and Unlimited plans. Learn more > Voice Mail Boxes toggle answers to questions Setup a mailbox to manage voice messages and custom greetings. Learn more > Custom Announcements toggle answers to questions Play a custom recorded message to your callers when they reach a menu or enter a queue. Learn more > Custom Ring Strategies toggle answers to questions Choose between Simultaneous and Hunt Ring strategies for your ring groups. Learn more > Enhanced ACD Queues toggle answers to questions Amplify your sales and support performance with our advanced inbound call monitoring and call distribution. Learn more > Enhanced Queue Recording toggle answers to questions Automatically upload recordings of all calls to and from any agent in a queue to any compatible cloud storage provider. Learn more > Historical Queue Reporting toggle answers to questions Access and download historical reports on queue call stats and agent performance. You can also have them emailed out on a periodic basis. Learn more > Live Queue Dashboard toggle answers to questions An up-to-the-minute view of your company’s call queues for Supervisors. Learn more > Monitor, Whisper, Barge toggle answers to questions Listen in on Enhanced Queue calls, speak directly to the call agent, or join the call with the agent and caller. Learn more > Queue Failover toggle answers to questions Set a timer for however long you want callers waiting in the queue before redirecting them to a voicemail. Learn more > Queue Alerts toggle answers to questions Setup instant email notifications for issues that require immediate attention. Learn more > Supervisor/Agent Login toggle answers to questions Queue Supervisors can log individual agents in or out of a given queue, rather than having the agent manually enter in numerical codes from their phone. Learn more > 5-Room Video Calling toggle answers to questions In the OnSIP web and desktop apps, host and join video conference calls with internal collagues as well as external participants (up to 5 people on the call). Learn more > Audio Conference Suites toggle answers to questions Host an audio call for up to 15 simultaneous callers at an extension of your choosing. Learn more > Browser App toggle answers to questions OnSIP's softphone app, available in Chrome, Firefox, or Opera browsers. Learn more > Desktop App toggle answers to questions OnSIP's softphone app, available for Mac, Windows, and Linux computers. Learn more > Doorbells toggle answers to questions Connect and operate a remote door-unlocking system. Learn more > End-to-End Encryption toggle answers to questions OnSIP provides secure end-to-end encryption when using any of our softphone apps and encryption can be set to desk phones as well. Learn more > Extension Dialing toggle answers to questions Dial extensions in your OnSIP account from any OnSIP-registered phone. Learn more > External Phone Numbers toggle answers to questions Add phone numbers from outside of your OnSIP account, to be used for extension dialing, failover destinations, and other call routing situations. Learn more > Find Me / Follow Me toggle answers to questions Receive incoming calls at any one of your extensions and/or create a call-forward and follow you to another location, i.e., your cell phone. Learn more > Location Settings toggle answers to questions Add users from different locations. Also, up to 10 registrations/user allowed. Learn more > Mobile App toggle answers to questions Make and receive work calls from your extension using our softphone app;  available for iOS and Android devices. Learn more > Mobile Twinning toggle answers to questions Allows you to have your mobile phone to automatically ring your extension in succession with your deskphone. Learn more > Remote Office toggle answers to questions Whether you have multiple locations or chose to work from home, you’ll have the presence of being in the same office. Learn more > Simul-ring toggle answers to questions Never miss a call by having your extension ring on any or all of your devices simultaneously. Learn more > Soft Client Twinning toggle answers to questions Allows you to have your softphone app to automatically ring your extension in succession with your deskphone. Learn more > Virtual Phone Number toggle answers to questions Numbers that are used to transmit and receive calls over the internet rather than strictly through copper telephone wires. Learn more > Voicemail to Email toggle answers to questions Have your voicemails delivered to your inbox via an audio file to listen to. Learn more > Admin Portal toggle answers to questions Administer your OnSIP account with setup wizards, edit features in real-time, manage payment + contact information, and download invoices, all in our web app. Learn more > Billing Portal toggle answers to questions View invoices, update billing contact, view purchase history and more in our web app’s billing portal for easy accounting. Learn more > Call Logs & CDRs toggle answers to questions Access and download your account's call detail records for user-specified time periods. Learn more > Extensive Knowledgebase toggle answers to questions 20 years in the making, our KB offers detailed articles, step-by-step instructions and video walkthroughs for set up. Learn more > Google Chrome Extension toggle answers to questions Click on phone numbers in your Chrome browser window to dial them automatically. Learn more > HubSpot Integration toggle answers to questions Display a caller's HubSpot record in the OnSIP app, with a link to open the full record in a new tab. Learn more > Network Status Updates toggle answers to questions View our Network status page for up-to-date network alerts. Learn more > Odoo Integration toggle answers to questions VoIP calling straight from the Odoo CRM & ERP dashboard. Learn more > Open API Integration toggle answers to questions Add real-time communications to your app in no time. Leverage the OnSIP platform, by the creators of sip.js. Learn more > Open Compliant Boot Server toggle answers to questions Automatically provision supported VoIP phones. Learn more > Porting toggle answers to questions Have an existing number you'd like to keep? OnSIP will assist with porting that number over from your previous provider. Learn more > Real-Time Changes toggle answers to questions Moves, adds, and changes to features in your OnSIP account occur in real-time. Learn more > SIP Domain Hosting toggle answers to questions Use your own domain name with your OnSIP Hosted PBX. Learn more > Zendesk Integration toggle answers to questions When an agent answers a call, a Zendesk ticket is automatically created, assigned to the agent, and populated with basic call info. Learn more > Award-Winning Customer Support! Gartner Digital Markets has recognized OnSIP with its exclusive Best Customer Support badge for three years in a row, based on high marks and strong reviews left by OnSIP customers. Customer service honor Trustpilot 4.4 566 reviews Guillermo Ahumada Great service. We have saved thousands of dollars by switching to OnSIP. We now use their product at 6 locations. Justin The best VoIP service for small business. After trying several options OnSIP was by far the best. VoIP has many technical quirks and they've succeeded in making it as easy as possible. Call quality is amazing. Travelcamp, LLC Our company has been with two other VoIP providers and OnSIP has been outstanding! The dashboard is simple, the customer service is absolutely top notch and the call quality is fantastic. Frank Connecting with customer support at OnSIP is always easy, efficient, pleasant, and helpful. It is a refreshing reminder of the ideal standard that every company should strive for. Thanks, OnSIP! John, Owner of Speedway Press Cut my Spectrum bill in 1/2 and so many more services. The phone and app are wonderful. My only regret is I waited so long. Chris Always the best in customer service. I needed help with a setup, got a U.S. based resource right away who was able to give the needed help right then, and the setup was completed right there on the spot. Much appreciated in this day when just good customer service is hard to find. Michael Fricklas OnSIP is always there when I have a technical issue - and for as long as I need. Customer success is outstanding. And I’ve never had a reliability issue - when I need help it is only about configuring something new. Juliana Shinn We've been using OnSIP for several years in our office. The support team is extremely responsive and really nice to deal with. They have a great product that has seen us through the transition to remote work with no issues. Steve Rosenstein Tremendous feature set. Great price for a phone system where all my staff can have their business phone with them at all times. On their desk in and at home on any computer with internet access, and on their cell. Easy to manage. Excellent service and support from the OnSIP support team. David Kilpatrick OnSIP makes my phone operations so simple and most importantly, highly efficient. Things run like they are supposed to and at a cost that really fits my budget. Read more about OnSIP OnSIP Recognized with Best Customer Support Badge by Gartner Digital Markets for the Third Year in a Row We’re thrilled to announce that Gartner Digital Markets has granted OnSIP hosted VoIP the 'Best Customer Support, 2025' badge! 2025 'best of' win Odoo Users: Power Odoo VoIP in Your App with OnSIP’s Hosted Platform If your business needs Odoo VoIP, setting up the OnSIP integration will give you click to call ability, incoming call popup notifications, and more. Odoo integration OnSIP Wins a 2025 Excellence in Customer Service Award for Exceptional Customer Experience In six different years, Business Intelligence Group has recognized OnSIP in its celebrated customer service awards. Award More VoIP News and Articles Want more details? We're sorry--it looks like you are located in a country that OnSIP doesn't service. If you are located in the U.S. or Canada and you received this message, please contact us at (800) 801-3381. Phones Download apps Phone promo TCR Registration Guide Integrations Odoo Zendesk HubSpot Resources Help pages Network status Terms Privacy Contact 1 (800) 801 3381 Email us Work with us Become a partner Refer us About us Phones Download apps Phone promo TCR Registration Guide Integrations Odoo Zendesk HubSpot Resources Help pages Network status Terms Privacy Contact 1 (800) 801 3381 Email us Work with us Become a partner Refer us About us ©2025 Junction Networks