OnStar® Connected Vehicle Services | Safety & Support 24/7 OnStar® Connected Vehicle Services | Safety & Support 24/7 The account login section of the site is temporarily unavailable. Thank you for your patience as we do a little planned maintenance to keep it working its best for you. Activate Your OnStar Trial → Better drives start here Better drives start here Why OnStar Shop OnStar Every feature, one plan Every feature, one plan All of OnStar for one low price. The OnStar One * bundle allows you to save money while experiencing our best in safety, connectivity and hands-free driver assistance tech. All of OnStar for one low price. The OnStar One bundle allows you to save money while experiencing our best in safety, connectivity and hands-free driver assistance tech. Get OnStar One Connect Plus Connect Plus Protect Protect Super Cruise Super Cruise OnStar Protect OnStar Protect Drive with the peace of mind that comes from 24/7 support. * Drive with the peace of mind that comes from 24/7 support. * Learn More OnStar Connect Plus OnStar Connect Plus Enjoy personalized content in your vehicle or on any device. * Enjoy personalized content in your vehicle or on any device. * Learn More OnStar Super Cruise ® OnStar Super Cruise ® Sit back and relax with a hands-free driving experience. * Sit back and relax with a hands-free driving experience. * Learn More See the latest and greatest from OnStar Connect with other OnStar Members Join The Community Create magic together Keep up with Santa this holiday season. Enjoy the ease of hands-free Explore Super Cruise Control using the vehicle mobile app Discover The Ease Connect with other OnStar Members Join The Community Awarded Best Hands-Free Driving Tech Explore Super Cruise Control using the vehicle mobile app Discover The Ease Frequently Asked Questions See All FAQ What is the Wi-Fi Hotspot?® Prepare to be spoiled. Your car’s built-in Wi-Fi ® Hotspot * turns it into a mobile hub with its own Wi-Fi that you and your passengers can connect to. And not just any connection — it’s a super-strong signal with great bandwidth — better than what you’d get from your smartphone. Plus, it’s powered by your car, so you won’t run down your phone’s battery. Your car has to be on or in accessory mode for the hotspot to work. Learn More What is in My Account? Your GM Account is where you can see, manage and change your OnStar plan, and you’ll find plans and pricing info tailored to you. You can do things like add to your OnStar plan, switch to a different plan, find your vehicle mobile app information, see diagnostic information * and get customer support. You can even schedule and manage maintenance and service for your car. And if you’ve misplaced your Owner’s Manual, no worries, you’ll find an online version, plus some extra how-to info. To log in, you can use your GM Account, your OnStar account, your vehicle mobile app or your My GM Rewards. Go To Your GM Account How do I set up My Account online? If you’re already an OnStar Member, you can do it through your GM Account — or you can tie your OnStar service plan to your existing account. You’ll see complete instructions in your GM Account. Go To Your GM Account How can I speak with an OnStar Advisor? Anytime, day or night, we’re here for you. You can push your blue OnStar button, or you can call us toll-free at 1.888.4ONSTAR (1.888.466.7827). If you’re deaf, hard of hearing or speech impaired, we have a toll-free TTY number for you: 1.877.248.2080. Talk With Us Now Use Our TTY Number What is Crisis Assist? It’s help in just about any crisis situation — severe weather conditions, wildfires, etc. Our Advisors are ready to give you the emergency help you need, like finding a route. We can also get in touch with your family members. Learn More What is the OnStar Guardian® app? Think of it as OnStar everywhere you go, not just in your car. It’s an app on your phone, so you’ve always got OnStar when and where you need us. If you’re on a walk, on a bike, on a motorcycle, in someone else’s car — even at home or at work. Even better, you can share the app with up to seven loved ones. * So they’ll have OnStar wherever they need us too. Learn More