Product

Solutions

Pricing

Blog

Contacts

About

Go to my account
Sign up for free

Win more readers, increase audience loyalty & revenue with smart content optimization

Content Analytics
For Better & Faster Decisions
Sign up for free
Get a demo

TRUSTED BY 1,200+ MEDIA BRANDS

Easy & fast setup. Minimum tech skills required

Monitor readers’ behavior, focus on metrics that matter

Personalize your dashboard to include specific sections

Optimize content to grow your readership

About us

IO Technologies has been helping thousands of publishers keep track of their day-to-day performance and build effective content strategy since 2015.

​

With our enterprise-level data processing techniques and user-friendly interface, we collect more than 10 billion analytics events every day and deliver actionable insights to tens of thousands content experts across the globe.

Our clients use IO dashboards to:

Develop ever-green content & boost organic
search

Learn more

Make decisions faster to outrun competitors

Learn more

Grow loyal audience and increase paywall rates

Learn more

Manage & monetize traffic spikes

Learn more

Maximize CTR on your homepage

Learn more
Content analytics tools are widely used by

Digital Newsrooms 

Audience Development Teams

Content Marketers

Your content must be a business-driver

With our solution, you focus only on relevant metrics to improve engagement rate and overall content performance

Sign up for free
Get a demo

For us, IO and their services are top notch. We can no longer imagine tracking our visitors or delivering quality content without their help.

Sriram Hebbar

CEO, Oneindia.com

+40M

readers in 6 months

+50%

to readability

+15%

to pageviews in 2 months

FAQ
How Can Content Analytics Help Monetize My Website?

Content engagement directly correlates with the viewability of your sales inventory. 

 

Content Analytics tools let you make faster and smarter decisions to achieve goals you’ve set. Reports that you receive produce a comprehensive picture of what your visitors/readers/prospects want and how your content meets their expectations. The more loyal your audience becomes, the more traffic you drive in, the more revenue your site generates.

What Are Your Advantages Over Google Analytics?

Standard web analytics tools (like Google Analytics) contain a lot of data that's irrelevant to content teams. In order to stay universal and free, Google Analytics makes sacrifices by delaying your data and lowering accuracy (e.g. sampling).

Content analytics tools provide insights that are focused on digital content. Engagement metrics, such as readability rate (how engaging content is), recirculation (how often your reader chooses to read another story), session depth (how readers interact with your materials) are used in fast-paced news environment by many teams across the globe. With such tools at hand, you can benchmark your content quality at any given moment in time without interruptions.

What Should I Do With The Data I Receive?

Our dashboards highlight the underperforming areas of your website. Every member of the content team can use these signals to edit content and improve readability and time spent on your pages. Higher quality content boosts loyalty and organically grows your audience, helping you reach and exceed digital goals.

Why IO Technologies?

IO Technologies provides enterprise-level data collection and visualization techniques at a reasonable cost. The solution comes with a simple & clean interface to make content performance measurement a breeze. We love things simple & strive to provide the easiest navigation possible, as well as stack it with truly important analytics.

 

Our products were built together with thousands of news websites and publishers, though any company can benefit from integrating content analytics tools into their websites.

 

Helping where our expertise is applicable and contributing to our clients' unlocking their potential is what makes sense to us. Feel free to book a call with us and we'll be happy to offer the best solution to your current challenges.

I Haven’t Yet Used Content Analytics Tools. Will I Be Able To Follow?

We’ve gone to great lengths to make our content analytics system as simple as possible. If you have any trouble with setting up or using the soft — our support managers are there to help you out. Long-term support options are also available and vary based on your plan. Besides, we have courses for those who want to dive deeper into content analytics and understand how it can help you multiply profits.

Got a question?

Book a call with our specialist

Schedule a demo

Company

Product
Solutions
Pricing
Blog
Contacts
About

Support

Help Center
Privacy
GDPR
Terms
Cookies Policy
Delivery Policy
Refund Policy

Follow

Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin

© IO Technologies - 2022