opamarketplace Skip to content Publishers Advertisers Services Ad Operations Consultation Monetization Display Monetization Video Monetization APP Monetization Contact Us Menu Publishers Advertisers Services Ad Operations Consultation Monetization Display Monetization Video Monetization APP Monetization Contact Us Sign Up Login Accelerate Your Revenues and Success from the Very Beginning Ad Earnings powerd by AI Advanced Display & Video Monetization Solutions for Publishers, Powered by Opamarketplace AI Technology. Get Started Today Chosen by more than 22,000 Publishing Globally We’re recognized for Video Monetization Opamarketplace delivers a complete video ad solution backed by 10 years of expertise. Our AI-powered player maximizes ROI with evergreen content matching and real-time competition. With or without video content, we boost revenues through easy integration Ad Operations Opamarketplace delivers seamless access to premium demand partners, ensuring stress-free and efficient display ad monetization. Smart, simple, and scalable for maximizing your revenue potential. CTV & OTT Revenue Boost Opamarketplace powers CTV and OTT video monetization with top-tier demand partners, driving great revenues. With easy integration and scalable solutions, we make maximizing your video ad revenue effortless. Display Opamarketplace delivers seamless access to premium demand partners, ensuring stress-free and efficient display ad monetization. Smart, simple, and scalable for maximizing your revenue potential. High-performing direct campaigns at top CPM rates Gain access to AdExchange (AdX) and other premium demand sources. Supports desktop, mobile, and tablet, including AMP and apps. Read More Video Opamarketplace powers CTV and OTT video monetization with top-tier demand partners, driving great revenues. With easy integration and scalable solutions, we make maximizing your video ad revenue effortless. Video formats include In-Stream and Out-Stream. Premium direct video campaigns at highest CPM & fill-rate. Offers full support for industry-standard formats. Read More Got questions? Find answers here. Need assistance? Email us at support@opamarketplace.com . Get Started Payout Ad Profitability Integration Specials How can I begin monetizing my website? Head to our Get in Touch page, share your monthly traffic, top 3 GEOs, and preferred ad units. If you qualify, we’ll contact you with the next steps for a successful partnership. Where do we generate ads from? We work with leading brands and advertisers through programmatic direct and private auction deals. Additionally, we supplement demand with premium Header Bidding, Open Bidding channels and Google Ad Exchange demand. What’s the minimum requirement to be eligible? To qualify, your digital entity must meet the following criteria: It must not contain adult content or inappropriate material. It must receive a minimum of 50,000 monthly pageviews. It must comply fully with Google AdSense/AdX policies (no account blocks). Our ads.txt lines must be added to your site’s ads.txt file. How do you track performance and revenue? We offer you a personalized reporting dashboard, giving you detailed insights into performance and revenue. Easily filter by days, applications or sites, and video or display formats for a comprehensive view. How to choose the best performing ad formats? We have a team of monetization & ad operations experts here to help you. Just Contact Us and we can take it from there. Is there a long term contract or exclusivity policy You have full control—cancel anytime and work with other providers simultaneously. It’s your website, and the choice is yours. We’re simply here to support your goals. When do I get paid? Payments are made on a Net 30 basis, back to back. How can I receive payment? We offer payments via bank transfer, Payoneer, and PayPal. Funds can be sent internationally, and we can pay in your preferred currency. How soon will I receive payment? Wire transfers typically take up to 2 days, while Payoneer and PayPal payments are immediate. Is an invoice required for payment? We handle payments automatically, and an invoice may not necessary. What is the payment threshold? We have a $200 minimum payout threshold for all payment methods. If earnings are less than $100, they will be rolled over to the next month. What payment details should I provide? For a bank wire transfer, we’ll need the following details: Bank name Bank address ABA Routing Number or SWIFT code Account number or IBAN Account currency Beneficiary name Beneficiary address, including postal code Alternatively, you can provide your PayPal or Payoneer email address. What’s the typical CPM and fill rate for video content? Depending on traffic quality, site category, and video format, performance can vary. On average, we observe a $13 CPM and a 91% fill rate across the network, with Tier 1 countries seeing CPMs as high as $45. What’s the typical CPM and fill rate for display ads? Our fill rate is nearly 100%, but CPM varies based on traffic quality and website category. On average, display CPM across our network is about $2.5, with Tier 1 countries reaching up to $10. How can I enhance my results and maximize revenue? Prioritize developing unique, valuable content for your visitors. Along with that, placing our ads in high-viewability positions is key for improving performance. Are you able to establish a minimum CPM price? Absolutely, we can set your desired floor price. However, be aware that increasing the floor CPM may lead to a lower fill rate. Can I implement my own passback tag? Yes, we can implement your passback tag in our system, as long as it’s in JavaScript format. Do you offer optimization services for performance and revenue growth? Absolutely, we use AI technology to steadily raise CPM without affecting the fill rate, helping us find the best performance for your site. Can I run your tags inside my own adserver / Google Ad Manager? Yes. All our tags are supported by major adservers such as Google Ad Manager. Do you have responsive ad formats? Yes. All our ad formats are responsive and follow the latest IAB standards and Google’s best practices. Does you ad impact the pageload? All our tags are Asynchronous. This means that users will be able to load the content of your pages, even if they’ re having trouble loading the ads. Is having an adserver mandatory? No, you can also hardcode our tags directly on your page however we recommend using Google Ad Manager for better control and optimization. Do I have to add your ads.txt? Do I have to add your ads.txt?
Yes. In order for our ad server to verify your website and deliver impressions we require our ads.txt to be placed on your site. What is your referral fee? We pay 5% lifetime of the Gross revenue for each publisher you refer to us. How can I track my earnings? You will get access to their full reporting dashboard so there will be 100% transparency. When do I get my referral commission? We pay on Net 30 term. How to get started with the referral program? Contact your account manager to set up the referral program for your account. Can I resell your demand to my own clients? We only allow reselling our own direct demands. Please Contact Us to discuss the details. Ready to take the next step? Get in Touch Contact Us Solutions Advertising management Advisory focus Display Ads Mobile Application Ads Video Ads Offices Elandsgracht 12 1016 SG Amsterdam, Netherlands Ibn Gvirol 5, Tel-Aviv, Israel London W1B 4EB, UK 5956 Sherry Lane, Dallas, TX, USA. © 2025 OpaMarketplace  – All rights reserved. A YIT company Privacy policy Scroll to Top