OPay | We are Beyond Banking Personal Business Personal Business We are Beyond Banking We are Beyond Banking OPay offers secure, easy, and affordable financial solutions. Enjoy fast transactions, incentives, and a reliable debit card. Simplify your finances and payments, all on one efficient platform. With mission to make financial services more inclusive through technology, OPay is dedicated to providing secure, easy to use & affordable financial services with super fast user experience, amazing incentive package on transfer/airtime & data top-up, innovative product to use as balance with amazing daily interest, reliable debit card with no charge and best resolution experience etc. With OPay account, you can have full control of your finances, payments & transactions with ease, all on one platform! Yes, OPay is your one-stop payment services platform and more. Easy Account Opening Instant account opening with amazing welcome bonuses Instant Transfer Instant transfer with 100% successful rate to all banks in Nigeria anytime Airtime/Data Top-up with Cashback Up to 6% instant cashback on airtime/data top-up every time Instant and Free Debit Card Apply and get a card instantly at select OPay agents or apply via the OPay App.Enjoy 10 free ATM withdrawals monthly and zero mainetance fee OWealth with amazing daily interest OWealth use as balance with amazing daily interest Quick Customer Service 7*24 accessible and quick resolution via online and physical customer service channels Our Services Fund your Account, Make Transfers, Pay Bills Live life on your own terms! Add money to your OPay wallet and transfer to other bank accounts for free. Enjoy bonuses on airtime & data top-ups and fast bill payments at no extra charge. OPay Debit Cards, Your Passport To The World Get your OPay Debit Card instantly at select OPay agent stores or apply via the OPay app. Enjoy secure, fast, and convenient payments with zero maintenance fees for active cards! The OPay Debit Card is accepted at any ATM, POS, or online. OWealth With OWealth, you can get amazing daily interest on your funds while having full access and control of the money. Make transactions at any time without affecting your interest! Powered by OPAY MICROFINANCE BANK LIMITED Use your phones camera to scan and download 
 the OPay app Available on iOS and Android Here is what our customers think Here is what our customers think OPay makes banking very easy for me; transfer of funds & transactions are seamless; I give OPay a solid 10/10. Mr Malik (Customer) I Love OPay! the network is very good...up to 100% network uptime and super fast & their customer service is quick, fast and efficient, complaints are resolved qucikly. Mrs Benson (Agent) OPay has been giving me joy since 2020! Ah, within one to two seconds, you will surely see the money transferred to you! Mummy Habeeb (Agent) I feel very satisfied with OPay's service, I've been using OPay for over 4 years and will definitely recommend OPay to my family & firends Mr Adebayo (Customer) To be sincere, I'm very happy with OPay, my money has never hanged before.. All my doubts and the rumours heard about OPay being not secure, are cleared now! Mr Ogbonna (Farmer/Businessman) I wrongly sent money to an account, but OPay resolved the issue for me in 15 to 30 minutes, I am very happy & comfortable that the issue was addressed so swiftly! Mr Oyebadejo (Customer) I am really impressed with OPay's quick customer service and their super fast complaint resolution! I definitely will recommend OPay to others Ms. Robson (Student) I Here's how excited our customers are about our service. Check out all the fun clips OPay loyalty interview Here's what our customers have to say about OPay! Click here to watch OPay loyalty interview Your Security and Privacy is our priority Advanced Fraud Detection Your data is stored and encrypted using strong cryptography. We scan our systems daily against security threats. Security Product Safe Transactions We are compliant with PCI DSS. Your transactions are always encrypted and secured. Security Product Quick dial *955*131# or *955*132# to lock account or card if stolen or misplaced Customer Satisfaction, Our Priority we are here for you to provide 7*24 quick customer service, visit our in-app customer service center or physical customer service center or send us message via official social medias or calll us via hotline as below 0700 8888 328 OR 020 18888 328 (App & Card queries) 0700 8888 329 OR 020 18888 329 (POS Business queries) Company About us Press & Media Contact us Report an Issue Security Features WhistleBlowing Petition: whistleblower01@opay-inc.com Resources Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions SMS Alert Service Documentation Security Discover Personal Business Agent Network OPay Office HQ: Alexander House, Plot 9, Dr.Nurudeen Olowopopo Avenue, Alausa, Lagos OPay Office Address ABUJA: Plot 819, Pushkin Building, Ebitu Ukiwe Street, Jabi, Opposite AA Rano Fuel Station, Abuja LAGOS, ALLEN IKEJA: No 103 Mosesola House, Allen Road, Ikeja Lagos LAGOS, FESTAC: Plot 3084, 24 Sky Castle Plaza, Festac Access Road, beside Santiago hotel, Festac Town, Lagos LAGOS, IKORODU: No. 132B Lagos Road, Ikorodu Jumofak Bus Stop, Ikorodu, Lagos State ABEOKUTA: Dolly House Opposite Laroy Hotel, Abiola Way IBADAN: OPay building, Theoplius Akinyele express, Opposite Zanak filling station, Akala Express, Ibadan More >> © 2112023 OPay Digital Services Limited. © 2112023 OPay Digital Services Limited. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Get the App We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Check Privacy Policy . Cookie Settings Accept All Reject All