Already a Sustainer?
Click here to increase now


Independent. Member-supported.
For the Pacific Northwest.

contribute
 now
About OPB
Public media funding
OPB and KMHD events
OPB en Español
Partnerships
Newsletters
Help center
Kristyna Wentz-Graff / OPB
Clark, Clackamas counties open overnight shelters ahead of near-freezing temps

Emergency weather shelters will be open in Oregon City and Vancouver Monday night.

RELATED

Sub-freezing temperatures coming to Portland and Vancouver
THANKS TO OUR SPONSOR:
Become a Sponsor
Top Stories
OPB’s First Look: Beaverton’s growing Kwanzaa tradition
Bird watchers gather across rural Oregon for annual Christmas count
Henry Sakamoto, leader behind Portland waterfront cherry trees, dies at 98
Oregon Arts Commission marks 50 years of the Percent for Art in Public Places Program
Oregon FFA could lose much of its funding following state budget cuts
Oregon awarded nearly $200 million for rural health care

State officials said they were pleased with the award, which comes as Oregon braces for billions in Medicaid cuts over the coming decade.

New year, new rules: A look at some of the Oregon laws that kick in Jan. 1

Hundreds of bills passed in the first half of 2025 take effect New Year’s Day.

2025: The year of the starfish (and the Pacific Northwest scientists trying to save them)

Research groups from several universities and institutes have been tackling the problem of dying sea stars, each looking for ways to help these important apex predators recover.

Federal funding for public media has been eliminated.

Take action to protect the future of OPB’s essential service to communities across our region. Make your monthly Sustaining contribution now.

Select your contribution type
Sustaining
One-time
$10 / mo.
$20 / mo.
$50 / mo.
$100 / mo.
Other monthly amount.
$
/ mo.
Continue 
Northwest News
In Washington orchards, immigration crackdown sows fear and uncertainty

The Trump administration’s deportation push has caused turmoil within the state’s farm labor workforce as federal legislation meant to improve the situation has stalled.

RELATED

Washington state on track for warmest December on record – again
Thousands of pounds of ground beef recalled in Washington, 5 other states
The Oregon Arts Commission marks 50 years of the Percent for Art in Public Places Program with a ‘50 for 50’ celebration

Amy Lewin, the new director of arts and culture at the Oregon Arts Commission and the Oregon Cultural Trust, oversees a program that has engaged nearly 1,000 artists.

Vancouver officers shoot and kill man armed with a gun

A man armed with a gun confronted officers who arrived to a disturbance call Saturday night, according to the Vancouver Police Department.

So far, ‘no downside’ to Oregon’s new school cell phone ban

As Oregon school districts prepare to enforce a statewide ban on student cell phone use, some districts that adopted the policy early say the transition has gone more smoothly than expected.

Clark County residents say they’ll get all the burdens and none of the benefits of proposed PacifiCorp transmission line
00:00
 / 
05:19

The transmission line to Troutdale, Ore., is a source of tension as utility companies try to satisfy growing demands for power in the Northwest.

ODOT expects an increase in uncertified mover cases as new rules go into effect

State officials expect an increase in violations of Oregon’s mover certification rules in 2026.

‘The Evergreen’: ‘At Work With’ an Oaks Park ride operator, a traffic flagger and a rancher
00:00
 / 
23:23

We’re wrapping up 2025 with the latest stories from our “At Work With” series. Join us for a day on the job as we find out what it’s like to keep roller coasters running, traffic flowing and cattle mooooving.

Oregon Christmas trees can get a second life as habitat for salmon

If you’re thinking about what you’re going to do with your Christmas tree, have you ever thought about turning it into a home… for fish?

Watch OPB shows
Rail speeder toy drive spreads holiday spirit along a scenic track on the Oregon Coast

Railroad enthusiasts drive rail speeder cars along Oregon Coast, collecting toys for kids in need on the annual Teddy Bear Toy Express.

OREGON EXPERIENCE
From legend to relative: Indigenous Oregonians share Bigfoot’s true spirit

Cultural and community leaders of Nch'i-Wána, or Columbia River, tribes share perspectives and oral histories on America’s most famous cryptid — as a spiritual being that teaches one to enter into relationship with the land.

OREGON ART BEAT
Using the gift: The intuitive art of Rick Bartow

Though he died nearly 10 years ago, Oregon artist Rick Bartow may be more celebrated now than ever before. His work is in the collections of over 130 museums across the country.

OPB's Class of 2025
0:52
OPB’s Class of 2025 film followed Oregon students on a 13-year journey
OPB’s Rob Manning reflects on 13 years covering the ‘Class of 2025′

In 2012, Oregon schools embarked on a goal that by 2025, the state would achieve a 100% high school graduation rate, sparking the creation of OPB's "Class of 2025" project. The project followed 25 students from kindergarten through graduation to see if they would meet Oregon's goal.

The teachers who shaped the Class of 2025

Getting to know the teachers who have taught the Class of 2025 over the years.

Dana Rierson / OPB
Class of 2025: Growing up in Oregon schools resource guide

A quick summary of issues and conclusions from Class of 2025: Growing up in Oregon schools, as well as links to learn more about the issues and students in the project.

OPB's First Look
📨 Daily news in your inbox
Sign up today for OPB’s “First Look” – your daily guide to the most important news and culture stories from around the Northwest.
Email
Sign up
OPB’s First Look: Beaverton’s growing Kwanzaa tradition

Beaverton’s annual Kwanzaa celebration is marking its fifth year — and it’s grown tremendously in that time. Here's your First Look at Monday's news.

Dec. 30, 2025
Don't Miss
Henry Sakamoto, leader behind Portland waterfront cherry trees, dies at 98

Beaverton Kwanzaa celebrates 5th year
Oregon FFA could lose much of its funding following state budget cuts
Nation & World
Khaleda Zia, former Bangladeshi prime minister and archrival of Hasina, dies at 80

Former Bangladeshi Prime Minister Khaleda Zia, whose archrivalry with Sheikh Hasina defined the country’s politics for a generation, has died, her political party said in a statement Tuesday. She was 80.

Dec. 30, 2025
The U.S. offers Ukraine a 15-year security guarantee for now, Zelenskyy says

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Monday the United States is offering his country security guarantees for a period of 15 years as part of a proposed peace plan.

Many farmers are going into 2026 on the brink

President Trump says 2026 will be better for American farmers, thanks in part to $12 billion in new federal "bridge payments." But optimism remains hard to come by in farm country.

Teens are having disturbing interactions with chatbots. Here’s how to lower the risks

Teen use of AI chatbots is growing, and psychologists worry it's affecting their social development and mental health. Here's what parents should know to help kids use the technology safely.

Zohran Mamdani has bold promises. Can he make them come true as New York City mayor?

Mamdani campaigned on a big idea: shifting the power of government toward helping working class New Yorkers, rather than the wealthy.

OPB Features
At age 94, Seattle’s oldest bartender announces ‘last call’
00:00
 / 
04:08

John Spaccarotelli has spent 64 years at the Shanty Tavern in the Lake City neighborhood, running what’s referred to as the “last roadhouse” in Seattle.

FOOD
Deschutes Historical Museum sets the mold with second annual gelatin show and competition

Holiday travel anxiety? Portland airport has therapy llamas and service dogs for that
Politics
Khaleda Zia, former Bangladeshi prime minister and archrival of Hasina, dies at 80
Oregon awarded nearly $200 million for rural health care
New year, new rules: A look at some of the Oregon laws that kick in Jan. 1
250,000 Oregonians sign petition to send transportation bill to voters, backers say
Kennedy Center vows to sue musician who canceled performance over Trump name change
Zelenskyy to meet with Trump as efforts to end Russia-Ukraine war remain elusive
Judge to hold hearing on whether Kilmar Abrego Garcia is being vindictively prosecuted
DOJ says it may need a ‘few more weeks’ to finish releasing Epstein files
Arts & Culture
The Oregon Arts Commission marks 50 years of the Percent for Art in Public Places Program with a ‘50 for 50’ celebration
‘It’s behind you!’ How Britain goes wild for pantomimes during the holidays
Kennedy Center vows to sue musician who canceled performance over Trump name change
Brigitte Bardot, sex goddess of cinema, has died
Eastern Oregon school district finds a new dimension to the bagpipes
The cultural works becoming public domain in 2026, from Betty Boop to Nancy Drew
Deschutes Historical Museum sets the mold with second annual gelatin show and competition
50 years of photographic vision at Portland’s Blue Sky Gallery
Science & Environment
2025: The year of the starfish (and the Pacific Northwest scientists trying to save them)
Oregon Christmas trees can get a second life as habitat for salmon
OPB’s ‘Slow TV’ brings you a maritime sunset, Cascade Range hike and more
Passersby, police rescue wayward sea lion pup Saturday from Highway 101 near Newport
Rail speeder toy drive spreads holiday spirit along a scenic track on the Oregon Coast
Oregon environmental group leads lawsuit to reverse IRS wind, solar rules
How federal funding cuts are affecting conservation efforts in Oregon
Northwest states, others sue Trump administration again over withheld EV charging funds

Federal funding for public media has been eliminated. Take action now and protect OPB's independent journalism and essential programs for everyone.

Make a Sustaining contribution now
About OPB
Help Center
Work With Us

Manage My Membership
Sponsorship
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
FCC Public Files
FCC Applications
Terms of Use
Editorial Policy
SMS T&C
Contest Rules
Accessibility
Listen to the OPB News live stream (opens new window)

STREAMING NOW

BBC The Arts Hour

SWITCH STREAM:OPB News
Listen to the OPB News live stream (opens new window)
KMHD
Listen to the KMHD live stream (opens new window)
We value your privacy
This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy policy, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.
Manage choices
Agree & proceed
Reject all
Privacy Policy
Powered by: