Skip to Content Scan a product × Or enter barcode manually Scan menu Discover Contribute Add products Install the app to add products Add a product Search and analyze products Advanced search Graphs and maps English account_circle Sign in Discover Contribute Producers Get the app Help us inform millions of consumers around the world about what they eat Please give to our 2026 Fundraiser Your donations fund the day-to-day operations of our non-profit association: keeping our database open & available to all, technical infrastructure (website/mobile app) & a small permanent team remain independent of the food industry, engage a community of committed citizens, support the advancement of public health research. Each donation counts! We appreciate your support in bringing further food transparency in the world. I SUPPORT close Discover Open Food Facts is a food products database made by everyone, for everyone. You can use it to make better food choices, and as it is open data, anyone can re-use it for any purpose. auto_stories Learn more about Open Food Facts Contribute Open Food Facts is a non-profit project developed by thousands of volunteers from around the world.
        You can start contributing by adding a product from your kitchen with our app for iPhone or Android , and we have lots of
        exciting projects you can contribute to in many different ways. add_task Learn more about how you can join us search 4,221,748 products swap_vert Most scanned products Products with the best Nutri-Score Products with the best Green-Score Recently added products Recently modified products sort Explore products by... Countries Nutrition grades NOVA groups Green-Score Brands Categories Labels Packaging Origins of ingredients Manufacturing or processing places Traceability codes Ingredients Additives Added vitamins Added minerals Added amino acids Added nucleotides Other nutritional substances added Allergens Traces Miscellaneous Languages Contributors States Data sources Entry dates Last edit dates Last check dates Teams Pages: 1 2 3 4 … 84433 84434 84435 Next (50 products per page) Install the app! Scan your everyday foods Help us inform millions of consumers around the world about what they eat Please give to our 2026 Fundraiser Your donations fund the day-to-day operations of our non-profit association: keeping our database open & available to all, technical infrastructure (website/mobile app) & a small permanent team remain independent of the food industry, engage a community of committed citizens, support the advancement of public health research. Each donation counts! We appreciate your support in bringing further food transparency in the world. I SUPPORT Join the community Discover our Code of conduct Join us on Slack Forum Follow us: Subscribe to our newsletter Discover the project Who we are Vision, Mission, Values and Programs Frequently asked questions Open Food Facts blog Press Open Food Facts wiki (en) Translators Partners Open Beauty Facts - Cosmetics Open Food Facts for Producers A collaborative, free and open database of food products from around the world. Legal Privacy Terms of use Data, API and SDKs Donate to Open Food Facts Producers Subscribe to our newsletter