We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All," you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to main content
Open Society Foundations
WHO WE ARE HOW WE WORK WHAT WE DO
THE OPEN SOCIETY FOUNDATIONS WORK TO BUILD VIBRANT AND INCLUSIVE DEMOCRACIES WHOSE GOVERNMENTS ARE ACCOUNTABLE TO THEIR PEOPLE.
Learn more about who we are
© Iva Zimova/Panos/Redux
HOW WE WORK

Every year, the Open Society Foundations give grants to a diverse array of groups and individuals who promote our values—through a unique network that is guided by local voices and global expertise.

$24.2B
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

Over the past three decades, our giving has focused on supporting people who are trying to make their communities fairer, freer, and more harmonious.

$1.2B
2024 EXPENDITURES

Our approach involves focused, time-bound funding interventions, long-term support for partners, and flexible funds to respond to sudden crises.

50,000+
TOTAL GRANTS AWARDED

Our grants—ranging from a few thousand to hundreds of thousands of dollars—are awarded to organizations and individuals in scores of countries around the world.

Learn more about how we work
WHAT WE DO

The Open Society Foundations are active around the world, using grant giving, research, advocacy, impact investment, and strategic litigation to build a future where everyone can live with rights and dignity.

Learn more about what we do
Where We Work
Africa
show information about Africa
Asia Pacific
show information about Asia Pacific
Europe and Central Asia
show information about Europe and Central Asia
Latin America and the Caribbean
show information about Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
show information about Middle East and North Africa
United States
show information about United States
GEORGE SOROS

George Soros is the founder of the Open Society Foundations. He has given away more than $32 billion of his personal fortune to fund the Open Society Foundations’ work around the world.

Learn more about George Soros
Subscribe to updates about Open Society’s work around the world

By entering your email address and clicking “Submit,” you agree to receive updates from the Open Society Foundations about our work. To learn more about how we use and protect your personal data, please view our privacy policy.

VOICES

Read the latest from our staff, grantees, and partners about how we’re working around the world to build vibrant and inclusive democracies whose governments are accountable and open to the participation of all people.

Learn more
HOW WE FUND

Every year the Open Society Foundations give thousands of grants to groups and individuals that work on issues we focus on—promoting justice, equity, and human rights.

Learn more
WHO WE ARE
Our History
George Soros
Leadership
Board of Directors
Financials
Policies and Notices
Offices
HOW WE WORK
How We Fund
Grants and Fellowships
Awarded Grants
WHAT WE DO
Where We Work
Themes
Events
Newsroom
Publications
Employment
Contact Us
   
© 2025 Open Society Foundations, some rights reserved.
     
Terms and Conditions Privacy Accessibility