OpenGL - The Industry Standard for High Performance Graphics The Industry's Foundation for High Performance Graphics from games to virtual reality, mobile phones to supercomputers Home Documentation Current OpenGL Version OpenGL Shading Language About OpenGL Extensions OpenGL Registry Spec Feedback OpenGL 4 Reference Pages OpenGL 3.3 Reference Pages OpenGL 2.1 Reference Pages OS/Platform Implementations OpenGL Books Coding Resources OpenGL SDK Getting Started OpenGL Registry FAQ GLUT & Utility Libraries Programming Language Bindings Sample Code & Tutorials Benchmarks Mailing Lists & News Groups OpenGL StackOverflow Archived Resources Wiki Forums About OpenGL Contact Us OpenGL logo Jobs OpenGL Headline News The Vulkan website has a new home and look! It has been a while in the making but we are very excited to launch the new Vulkan website to the community. Don’t worry, Vulkan is still maintained and owned by The Khronos Group; we just felt that it had outgrown its old website now that it has been five years since the Vulkan 1.0 launch. The original Vulkan website was designed for the launch of a cutting edge new API that would, initially, have limited official materials and community content. The old website performed that role admirably, but Vulkan has come a long way and we now have a large and increasing amount of tools, libraries, educational material, and news to showcase that a single page website cannot handle. The new website allows us to gather all these currently disparate internal and community resources in a single, easily navigable place. Our primary goal with the new vulkan.org site was to place key resources prominently to allow developers to quickly and easily find what they need. With this in mind, each page has buttons in the banner leading straight to the most essential and popular resources. If you need the Vulkan Specification, SDK or Guide you can just jump straight there, no digging needed. The new site has a whole page dedicated to Vulkan tools and support , giving developers access to SDKs, profilers, debuggers, libraries, language bindings, game engines and frameworks all easy to navigate to through a series of quick buttons. This is a huge improvement and it let’s developers discover new tools or quickly find their go to favorites. Vulkan is enjoying a boom in adoption by world class developers and we want to make sure we are showcasing this exciting content to our visitors. As such you’ll notice much more prominent use of imagery across the site that will be updated as time goes on and new content is available. There is also now a dedicated “Made with Vulkan” showcase which is a living list of Vulkan content and reveals just how powerful and versatile the API is. If you have a Vulkan project that you would like to let us know about, please use the linked form on the Made with Vulkan page above the showcase. We hope this website becomes a new focal point for the Vulkan community and improves the Vulkan development experience for both new and experienced developers. Jun 04, 2021 | Read article... | Permalink NVIDIA provides OpenGL-accelerated Remote Desktop for GeForce In these days of social distancing, game developers and content creators all over the world are working from home and asking for help using Windows Remote Desktop streaming with the OpenGL tools they use. NVIDIA has created a special tool for GeForce GPUs to accelerate Windows Remote Desktop streaming with GeForce drivers R440 or later. Download and run the executable (nvidiaopenglrdp.exe) from the DesignWorks website as Administrator on the remote Windows PC where your OpenGL application will run. A dialog will confirm that OpenGL acceleration is enabled for Remote Desktop and if a reboot is required. Apr 07, 2020 | Read article... | Permalink Mesa 20.0 Now Defaults To The New Intel Gallium3D Driver For Faster OpenGL After missing their original target of transitioning to Intel Gallium3D by default for Mesa 19.3 as the preferred OpenGL Linux driver on Intel graphics hardware, this milestone has now been reached for Mesa 20.0. Jan 24, 2020 | Read article... | Permalink Khronos Group Releases Vulkan 1.2 The Khronos Group announces the release of the Vulkan 1.2 specification for GPU acceleration. This release integrates 23 proven extensions into the core Vulkan API, bringing significant developer-requested access to new hardware functionality, improved application performance, and enhanced API usability. Multiple GPU vendors have certified conformant implementations, and significant open source tooling is expected during January 2020. Vulkan continues to evolve by listening to developer needs, shipping new functionality as extensions, and then consolidating extensions that receive positive developer feedback into a unified core API specification. Khronos and the Vulkan community will support Vulkan 1.2 in a wide range of open source compilers, tools, and debuggers by the end of January 2020. Driver release updates will be posted on the Vulkan Public Release Tracker . Find more information on the Vulkan 1.2 specification and associated tests and tools at: Khronos’ Vulkan Resource Page Sample code can be found in the Vulkan Unified Samples Repository Khronos welcomes feedback on Vulkan 1.2 from the developer community through: Khronos Developer Slack GitHub A tutorial on Vulkan Timeline Semaphore Updates on HLSL support in Vulkan Download Vulkan 1.2 Presentation Vulkan 1.2 Apparel Jan 15, 2020 | Read article... | Permalink NVIDIA announces Nsight Systems 2019.6 with OpenGL improvements NVIDIA Nsight Systems 2019.6 is now available for download. This release expands graphics trace on Windows by adding support for Direct3D 11, WDDM CPU+GPU queues, and OpenGL. On Linux, new features include support for CUDA 10.2, simultaneous CLI sessions, DWARF unwind and capture by hotkey. Nov 21, 2019 | Read article... | Permalink Read more OpenGL news Upcoming Events CES 2025 Vulkanised 2026 Shading Languages Symposium 2026 IWOCL 2026 More upcoming events Khronos Recent News LunarG Releases Vulkan SDK 1.4.335 Notes about VK_EXT_custom_resolve Extension VK_EXT_present_timing: the Journey to State-of-the-Art Frame Pacing in Vulkan VeriSilicon?s NPU IP VIP9000NanoOi-FS has Achieved ISO 26262 ASIL B Certification Using OpenVX Igalia Optimizes Vukan to Help Valve Power Up New Steam Devices View all Khronos News Download OpenGL Getting Started with OpenGL Official OpenGL 4.6 feedback thread OpenGL Reference Cards OpenGL Registry OpenGL Conformant Products Getting Started with Vulkan Vulkan Reference Cards Getting Started with OpenGL ES OpenGL ES Reference Cards Getting Started with WebGL WebGL 2.0 Specification WebGL 1.0 Specification WebGL Public Wiki WebGL Reference Cards 9450 SW Gemini Drive #45043 Beaverton, OR 97008-6018 USA Office: +1 (415) 869-8627 Fax: +1 (707) 202-0030 Quick Links Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Subscribe to our newsletter Follow us! Twitter YouTube News feeds Hosting provided by OpenGL is a registered trademark of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Website Copyright ©1997-2025 The Khronos® Group Inc. All rights reserved. Hosting provided by DigitalOcean