Business VPN For Secure Networking | OpenVPN Products Solutions Resources Partners Community Pricing Sign In Get Started for Free Book a Demo Download Get Your Complimentary Gartner® ZTNA Report Secure Access for Every Employee, Everywhere. Control access, reduce costs, and remain compliant with a fast Zero Trust VPN. Get Started for Free Book a Demo 4.6 rating The #1 Business VPN Trusted by 20,000+ organizations for over two decades. ZERO TRUST VPN Your business has bigger priorities than managing remote access. Our secure, flexible zero trust
VPN solutions can help: Protect your vital company data and assets Support remote and hybrid employees Support compliance challenges Optimize costs with a flexible pricing model 68% Of data breaches involve a human element — most
often stemming from remote access vulnerabilities.* * Verizon, Data Breach Investigations Report, 2024 OpenVPN shields your network, creating
impenetrable tunnels with solutions designed
for today's distributed workplace. Get Started for Free Two solutions —
one goal Self-hosted or cloud-delivered: We've got your network security covered. Self-hosted Access Server Access Server gives you complete control over your security architecture with customizable access policies and private tunneling. Deploy on IaaS providers, Docker, Linux, Hyper-V, and VMware ESXi Get started fast with a ready-to-use templates Protect your data by routing internet traffic through the Access Server Enforce access policies with identity, device, and IP verification Start for Free on Access Server Read More About Access Server Cloud-delivered CloudConnexa® Connect your applications, private networks, workforce, and IoT devices — without complex, hard-to-scale hardware or self-managed server software. Enforce security with a full suite of Zero Trust controls Connect networks seamlessly using OpenVPN or IPsec Enhance protection with content filtering and IDS/IPS Simplify routing with domain-based traffic rules Start for Free on CloudConnexa Read More About CloudConnexa® Available on main cloud providers Try the world's most-used VPN for secure access 20K Business Customers 4M+ Users Fast Performance and Deployment #1 Business VPN G2 - VPN Software for Business OpenVPN is a great fit for your industry Technology Deploy robust, reliable, enterprise-grade network security without slowing down innovation and cross-functional teamwork. Healthcare Meet HIPAA requirements and secure patient health information with end-to-end encryption and detailed access controls for medical systems. Financial services Meet PCI-DSS requirements, and secure customer financial data with application-level controls and HSM integration for critical operations. View all industry solutions What our customers say about us Jason K. REPAY Easy to configure options, add users, and that it has two factor authentication built in. You can configure the system to allow connections on common ports so that you're able to connect from pretty much anywhere in the world. Johnathan B. Surry Telephone Configuring and updating my own server is super simple. In my experience, I've always had some difficulty setting up hardware VPN appliances, but OpenVPN was no-nonsense. Alex H. DGDean The OpenVPN Access Server AMI is a great out of the box VPN solution for your AWS VPC... John G. Anovys, LLC OpenVPN offers users a very simple and secure VPN option that is both economical and quick to install. Users are able to easily install it on their client devices. Jeremy F. Intelligent Pathways The availability of client software for all operating systems and mobile devices means my customers can connect regardless of their setup. Josh Wc. nexgen|packaging, LLC Excellent, flexible solution for our Azure environment. Backed by enterprise-grade security SOC 2 Type 2 ISO/IEC 27001:2022 HIPAA Compliant GDPR Compliant What's new from OpenVPN News Jun 10, 2025 OpenVPN DCO Added to Linux Kernel for Built-In Speed and Security Read More Customer Spotlight Jun 26, 2025 Maddox AI Is Revolutionizing Quality Control in Manufacturing Read More Partner May 6, 2025 Ingram Micro is now an authorized distributor of OpenVPN Read More Reports Apr 27, 2025 ESG Research Report: Secure Access Tech Trends Read More Implement Zero Trust without starting from zero Join thousands of organizations that trust OpenVPN for secure, high-performance remote access that adapts to your business — not the other way around. Get Started for Free Schedule a Demo Frequently Asked Questions What is a VPN? A Virtual Private Network (VPN) provides your business with a securely encrypted internet connection (or “tunnel”) to securely connect devices to business assets over otherwise unsecured networks. VPNs, like OpenVPN, work by masking your IP address and encrypting your internet traffic. VPN protection is an important piece of a layered security protocol that’s essential to protecting company data as well as an employee's personal data. Using a VPN service gives you the ability to remotely access important network resources and connect your company’s branches and locations worldwide. A zero trust VPN offers the tenets of zero trust built on the solid foundation of a VPN. What do VPNs do? VPNs encrypt traffic, protect privacy, and enable secure remote access. A remote access VPN connection secures your internet connection when you work off-site (e.g., coffee shop, hotel, airport, or even a different country), and routes all of your sensitive network traffic through an encrypted tunnel. Routing the network traffic disguises your IP address when using the internet, replacing it with the location and an IP address from the VPN server making its location invisible. A VPN connection also secures against external breaches. What is a VPN server? VPNs work by routing traffic through a private server. If you are using a self-managed VPN solution like Access Server , you can choose a physical server, or your VPN server can be hosted in cloud environments. VPN server resources can help you simplify setting up your own private server. Alternatively, you can choose a managed VPN solution, like CloudConnexa , which utilizes cloud-based servers managed by OpenVPN. In any case, the VPN will route all traffic through a server. What does a business VPN do? A business VPN creates a secure connection over the internet between your devices and your company's network. Essentially, a VPN creates a protected, encrypted tunnel through which your sensitive data can travel, providing protection from intruders and a virtual connection to your office network. Unlike a consumer VPN, which targets mainly personal users who are looking to protect traffic, access the internet anonymously, or possibly access resources from other regions, a business VPN is intended for remote and secure access to business resources on corporate private networks with centralized control capabilities. What VPN should I use for my business? OpenVPN offers two secure networking solutions for small, medium, and enterprise businesses like yours . Access Server is best for businesses that prefer an on-prem VPN server or flexibility managing their full infrastructure through a cloud server. Choose CloudConnexa if you prefer a cloud-delivered, managed service. Our product comparison can help you choose the right solution for your business. How much does a VPN cost for a small business? OpenVPN offers solutions that can fit your budget. Whether you are looking for a VPN for a small business or an enterprise, OpenVPN has plans starting at $7 per month per concurrent connection, and offers a free trial to get started. Find out how much a VPN costs for your business size and number of connections here . Can I use a VPN for free? OpenVPN offers up to three free connections and a free trial for CloudConnexa, and two free connections for Access Server. This makes it possible to use a free VPN for small teams . Teams will have full functionality of OpenVPN with both the free trial and the free connections. What is a Zero Trust VPN? A Zero Trust VPN uses a VPN as the foundation of zero trust network access. Access Server and CloudConnexa can be used to implement a zero trust network access solution that secures your network resources while limiting access to only what is necessary. What is Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA)? According to Gartner , “ Zero trust network access (ZTNA) is a product or service that creates an identity- and context-based, logical access boundary around an application or set of applications.” Doing this hides the apps from discovery and restricts access using a trust broker and a set of named entities. The broker verifies users based on identity, context, and policies — and stops lateral movement in the network. Because application assets are removed from public visibility, potential attack surface is reduced. ZTNA also relies on least privilege access, which means that employees should only have access to the programs and applications that are necessary to do their jobs. Using a VPN, you can enforce the tenets of ZTNA and build the foundation for the principle of least privilege. Where can I find information on OpenVPN’s pricing? OpenVPN has transparent, flexible pricing that fits all budgets. Starting at just $7 per connection per month, you can see a customized price based on your business size here . Does OpenVPN allow cancellation without notice? You can cancel your subscription at any time and unused funds will be credited to your account for future usage. For refunds, contact sales@openvpn.net . Where can I learn about OpenVPN’s compliance and security measures? OpenVPN is SOC 2 and HIPAA compliant, and performs ongoing security assessments. Learn more about our compliance here . Where can I find OpenVPN technical support? OpenVPN technical support is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week through our support portal . Access Server Access Server Page Features Plugins Release Notes Documentation CloudConnexa® CloudConnexa Page Features Cyber Shield Quick Start Guide Documentation Company About Us Careers Compliance Contact Merch Resources Support Center Get Started OpenVPN Connect Documentation OpenVPN Referral Program Trust Center Use Cases Secure Remote Access Secure IoT Communications Protect Access to SaaS Apps Site-to-Site VPN Enforce Zero Trust Access Secure DNS Restricted Internet Access © Copyright 2025 OpenVPN | OpenVPN is a registered trademark of OpenVPN, Inc. | CloudConnexa is a registered trademark of OpenVPN, Inc. Privacy Policy Legal Your Privacy Settings Service Status