Open - Enterprise AI Customer Support Home Home Customers Customers Capabilities Capabilities Integrations Integrations About About Docs Docs Get Access Get Access Get Access Get Access Get Access Get Access MENU MENU MENU MENU Backed by Y Combinator The complete customer communication engine Automate customer communication workflows at scale,  fast, accurate, and empathetic The most advanced AI customer support platform, built from the ground up for the AI era. Automate customer communication workflows at scale,  fast, accurate, and empathetic Book a demo Book a demo MoneyGram Serving over 50 million people in 200+ countries and territories each year Mollie $6.5 billion payment processor Viva.com - The First Tech Bank in Europe for Businesses More.com Sold over 34 million tickets Ticketswap 15 million users across 42 countries One Car Now Mexico’s largest car rental company Trunkrs 61,180+ Google reviews FareHarbor A Booking.com company with 16,000 customers CookingLife Cookinglife has served over 1 million customers with 10,000+ curated kitchen products Kuanto Kusta Portugal’s No. 2 Price Comparison Champion DeOnlineDrogist One of the largest online pharmacies in the Netherlands WeFact Serving over 10,000 entrepreneurs across Europe Qoyod 25,000 businesses trust Qoyod for accounting Snel Een Taxi Over half a million customers served with nationwide booking ease Tebi Tebi raised a €30M Series B in June 2025 OTO Trusted by 10,000+ merchants worldwide MoneyGram Serving over 50 million people in 200+ countries and territories each year Mollie $6.5 billion payment processor Viva.com - The First Tech Bank in Europe for Businesses More.com Sold over 34 million tickets Ticketswap 15 million users across 42 countries One Car Now Mexico’s largest car rental company Trunkrs 61,180+ Google reviews FareHarbor A Booking.com company with 16,000 customers CookingLife Cookinglife has served over 1 million customers with 10,000+ curated kitchen products Kuanto Kusta Portugal’s No. 2 Price Comparison Champion DeOnlineDrogist One of the largest online pharmacies in the Netherlands WeFact Serving over 10,000 entrepreneurs across Europe Qoyod 25,000 businesses trust Qoyod for accounting Snel Een Taxi Over half a million customers served with nationwide booking ease Tebi Tebi raised a €30M Series B in June 2025 OTO Trusted by 10,000+ merchants worldwide MoneyGram Serving over 50 million people in 200+ countries and territories each year Mollie $6.5 billion payment processor Viva.com - The First Tech Bank in Europe for Businesses More.com Sold over 34 million tickets Ticketswap 15 million users across 42 countries One Car Now Mexico’s largest car rental company Trunkrs 61,180+ Google reviews FareHarbor A Booking.com company with 16,000 customers CookingLife Cookinglife has served over 1 million customers with 10,000+ curated kitchen products Kuanto Kusta Portugal’s No. 2 Price Comparison Champion DeOnlineDrogist One of the largest online pharmacies in the Netherlands WeFact Serving over 10,000 entrepreneurs across Europe Qoyod 25,000 businesses trust Qoyod for accounting Snel Een Taxi Over half a million customers served with nationwide booking ease Tebi Tebi raised a €30M Series B in June 2025 OTO Trusted by 10,000+ merchants worldwide Open is built from the ground up for the AI era. We automate the most complex support scenarios with precision on every channel ; Web, Email, Phone, SMS and WhatsApp. Open is built from the ground up for the AI era. We automate the most complex support scenarios with precision on every channel ; Web, Email, Phone, SMS and WhatsApp. Mollie supports 250,000 businesses across Europe. With Open, Mollie is automating over half of its chat support in six languages, 24/7. Mollie supports 250,000 businesses across Europe. With Open, Mollie is automating over half of its chat support in six languages, 24/7. Mollie supports 250,000 businesses across Europe. With Open, Mollie is automating over half of its chat support in six languages, 24/7. OneCarNow is the largest car subscription service in Mexico. OCN has achieved 20x automation in customer support and scaled support to 24/7. OneCarNow is the largest car subscription service in Mexico. OCN has achieved 20x automation in customer support and scaled support to 24/7. OneCarNow is the largest car subscription service in Mexico. OCN has achieved 20x automation in customer support and scaled support to 24/7. Sofia, has enabled us to provide fast, human-like support experiences across 18 languages, with over 93% response accuracy and conversational ratings that have jumped to 84%. Sofia, has enabled us to provide fast, human-like support experiences across 18 languages, with over 93% response accuracy and conversational ratings that have jumped to 84%. Sofia, has enabled us to provide fast, human-like support experiences across 18 languages, with over 93% response accuracy and conversational ratings that have jumped to 84%. TicketSwap serves over 16 million users across 42 countries and automates over 67% of its support, achieving an all-time high CSAT score. Open.cx automates 67% of TicketSwap’s customer support with AI, leading to their highest-ever satisfaction scores. TicketSwap serves over 16 million users across 42 countries and automates over 67% of its support, achieving an all-time high CSAT score. Open.cx automates 67% of TicketSwap’s customer support with AI, leading to their highest-ever satisfaction scores. TicketSwap serves over 16 million users across 42 countries and automates over 67% of its support, achieving an all-time high CSAT score. Open.cx automates 67% of TicketSwap’s customer support with AI, leading to their highest-ever satisfaction scores. COMPLETE COMMUNICATION ENGINE World's best AI customer support agent SUPPORT CUSTOMERS AT SCALE Our AI engine, manages your most complex support requests across Web, Email, Phone, SMS, WhatsApp, Slack and more. SUPPORT CUSTOMERS AT SCALE Our AI engine, manages your most complex support requests across Web, Email, Phone, SMS, WhatsApp, Slack and more. SUPPORT CUSTOMERS AT SCALE Our AI engine, manages your most complex support requests across Web, Email, Phone, SMS, WhatsApp, Slack and more. TAKES COMPLEX ACTIONS Our AI doesn’t just respond, it acts. From backend tasks to resolving user issues, it handles the heavy lifting with precision. TAKES COMPLEX ACTIONS Our AI doesn’t just respond, it acts. From backend tasks to resolving user issues, it handles the heavy lifting with precision. TAKES COMPLEX ACTIONS Our AI doesn’t just respond, it acts. From backend tasks to resolving user issues, it handles the heavy lifting with precision. TRAINABLE AI AGENTS Train your AI with ease. Open.cx is the only platform with +27 integrations with your training sources. TRAINABLE AI AGENTS Train your AI with ease. Open.cx is the only platform with +27 integrations with your training sources. TRAINABLE AI AGENTS Train your AI with ease. Open.cx is the only platform with +27 integrations with your training sources. FOR HUMANS Empathetic and not annoying An empathetic tone that feels genuinely human and delights the customer. Knows when to stop and handoff to a human expert to help the customer. Takes complex actions to solve customer issues and L2 and L3 tickets. Most of your customers won't know they're talking to AI . INTEGRATES SEAMLESSLY Use it standalone or with your existing help desk — no operational changes, just plug and play • All of your workflows stay the same • email, whatsapp, chat and socials • autopilot mode and assist mode • Better than Intercom's AI • at least 50% more cost effective • easy to setup • works with cases and chat • connected to s-objects and data • auto fill case custom fields • works with tickets and live chats • autopilot mode and assist mode • complete understanding of contacts BEYOND STANDARD TEXT ANSWERS Specialized in complex support and beyond Understands pictures and voice +27 knowledge sources Remembers previous conversations Auto-detects key learnings Can render UIs Can switch channels The customer communication magic factory. Get Access Get Access Home Home Customers Customers Capabilities Capabilities Integrations Integrations About About LinkedIn LinkedIn X X Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Docs and API Docs and API The customer communication magic factory. Get Access Get Access Home Home Customers Customers Capabilities Capabilities Integrations Integrations About About LinkedIn LinkedIn X X Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Docs and API Docs and API The customer communication magic factory. Get Access Get Access Home Home Customers Customers Capabilities Capabilities Integrations Integrations About About LinkedIn LinkedIn X X Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Docs and API Docs and API