Solutions
Product
Organization
Search
Sign Up
Log In
The future is collective

We make it easy to raise, manage, and disburse money with full transparency. Start your open collective, apply to a Fiscal Host, and unlock funding for your community—free from red tape.

Start Now
Watch Video
Raise money with full transparency

We do the paperwork so you can focus on your mission.

Whether you're a mutual aid group, a community initiative, an open-source software project, or a climate change activist, Open Collective helps groups unlock access to money.

Over 15,000 groups around the world raised and managed USD $35M last year

Check out these amazing Collectives and connect with them.

Fiscal hosting

Operate under the umbrella of an established legal entity, so you don’t have to incorporate your own. A Host can take care of accounting, taxes, banking, and non-profit status.

Learn more about fiscal hosting

Shared account

Manage your budget together. Transparency builds trust and accountability, and no individual has to take on all the responsibility.

Learn more about creating a Collective

Powerful money tools

Pay expenses, receive donations, manage grants, sell event tickets, get a virtual card linked to your balance, and more!

Learn more about how the platform works

Open Collective is

…an open finances platform for communities.

And a network of Fiscal Hosts that enable over 15,000 collectives around the world to spend and raise $35M a year.

Apply to a Fiscal Host

🇺🇸 United States

Open Source Collective

A US 501(c)(6) nonprofit entity serving as fiscal host to open source projects and related communities around the world.

 🇪🇺 Europe

Open Collective Europe

A Brussels-based nonprofit hosting groups across Europe, including open source projects and community social action.

🇳🇿 New Zealand

Gift Collective

A NZ-based charitable entity hosting grassroots/community groups with a charitable focus.

 🇪🇺 Europe

All for climate

Dedicated to movements for climate and social justice, host to many local Extinction Rebellion chapters and related communities.

🇬🇧 United Kingdom

Social Change Nest

A UK host for mutual aid groups and social movements, providing tools, strategy, and back office support to scale up and get on with changing the world.

 🇬🇧 United Kingdom

Platform 6 Coop

Using tech and platform/ecosystem thinking to grow the cooperative economy through P2P mutual support and collaborative crowdfunding.

Discover More Hosts
Collaborate with money

A shared account to fundraise and manage money, connect with your people, and more.

Payment

Accept funds, transfer money, pay people and create invoices.

Fundraising

Publicly display your budget and transactions to build trust from contributors and donors.

Community engagement

Post updates, create events, connect your website, or use your Open Collective page with your custom url.

Reporting

No more messy spreadsheets. Open Collective updates live to make reporting easy. Auditors and grantmakers love us!

Accounting

No need to balance your checkbook. It’s all accessible here on the platform.

We are a dedicated team of people working to spread power and wealth

Open Collective is made possible by an international team of people who are committed to community-control of technology. Connect with us.

Get in touch
Get to know us.

Browse stories, blog posts, resources, and get support from the community.

Explore and learn

Read more about how we operate and what projects we have for the present and future.

Read our blog
Info for financial sponsors
Case studies
Help and support

Learn more about how it all works: our philosophy and business model.

Visit the support page
Read through our documentation
Discord
Pricing and Business Model
Join the movement

Collective finances. Collective technology. Collective power.

Get started now for free!

Get started now!

Read our stories

Open Collective aims to foster transparency and sustainability in communities around the world, see how you could.

Subscribe to our newsletter

We send updates once a month.

Subscribe

Collaborative, transparent, financial management tool

Change language
English
(100%)

Platform

Explainer video 
How it works
Use cases 
Sign up
Log in

Join

Create a Collective
About Fiscal Hosting
Discover
Find a Fiscal Host
Become a sponsor
Become a Host

Community

Open Source 
Docs & Help

Organization

About
Blog 
Hiring
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
Security Policy 
Contact us

 