Accessibility statement
Study with the experts in online learning. With career-boosting courses and dedicated tutor support, it’s time to unlock possibilities you didn’t dream possible.
Select study level
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Choose between undergraduate and postgraduate level courses
Enter course name or subject
Find courses
Or browse our A to Z of subjects
Don't miss out – secure your place today by applying online in just a few clicks.
Learn flexibly online, at a pace that suits you. With dedicated tutor support and a thriving student community to welcome you.
More about online learning
Earn while you learn, save on moving costs and discover flexible payment options to help cover your fees.
More about fees and funding
We’re a Top 3 University for Employability, with skills-focused courses and award-winning careers support from day one.
More about employability
From gold-rated teaching to top rankings for employability, course quality and student support, we're proud to be recognised for helping students succeed.
Discover our awards and rankings
Thinking of studying with the OU? Sign up to our on-demand Virtual Open Day.
Get a taste of Open University life from the comfort of your sofa, with exclusive explainers and guides, inspiring student stories and on-demand videos. It could just be the start of something life-changing.
I'm definitely further ahead in my career than I would have been if I'd gone to a campus university. Having the flexibility to study while gaining work experience makes so much sense. I've been recommending the OU to everyone I know because I really do think anyone can do it!
OU study has built my confidence, boosted my resilience, and taught me to always think critically. The OU supports you to do your best, and it's in your hands to make it happen. I now have a job I love and a career for life, thanks to the OU.
If you’re on the fence about the OU, I encourage you to take the leap. I studied at a pace to suit me, I didn’t have to leave home, and my qualification landed me the role I’m in now.
Chat with our students to discover what studying with us is really like.
Chat now
Shape your career at one of the world's leading business schools. The OU is part of an elite group of just 1% of business schools to be triple-accredited. From global online MBAs to professional short courses, you'll find qualifications for every stage of your career.
The Open University Business School
See more courses starting in February
See more news from The Open University
The OU was founded to open up higher education to all, regardless of background or circumstances. Our mission is to be open to people, places, methods and ideas, and as such, equality and diversity are at the heart of everything we do.
Read more about equality and diversity