OpenAIRE Skip to main content Services Service Catalogue Policies SLA Training Webinars Bootcamps Community of Practice Openplato Support Guides Factsheets FAQs Ask a Question Community Community Calls Podcasts News Blogs Newsletters NOADs Events Open Science In Europe Background Overview OpenAIRE and EOSC EC Policies and mandates In practice EU+ member states About Us What we do Activities Organisation Members Become a member Partnerships Projects Job opportunities Services OpenAIRE Service Catalogue Explore our catalogue of 15+ services to support you in publishing, building infrastructure and monitoring Open Science View Shortcuts OpenAIRE. EXPLORE Discover research, find connections, claim your outputs OpenAIRE. PROVIDE Connect repositories, share knowledge OpenAIRE. MONITOR Connect repositories, share knowledge OpenAIRE. CONNECT Empower communities, showcase results ARGOS Plan data, ensure FAIRness Policies How to provide content, how to use our services and data SLAs Levels of availability, serviceability, performance, operation Services for Research Performing Organisations A bundle of services to help you transition to Open Science Explore Services for University Alliances Services to support your members' collaboration Explore Training Community Webinars Learn best practices Trainer bootcamps Become an Open Science trainer Community of Practice For training practitioners eLearning OpenAIRE's collaborative platform for Open Science Explore Need customised training? We offer opportunities to work with you and provide on-site training via our national experts (NOADs) or virtual sessions with OpenAIRE trainers. Get in touch Support Resources Guides Learn how to perform Open Science Factsheets Quick views on open science topics FAQs Questions on the basics? Start here Want to register your data source Repository, OA Journal, CRIS? Goto OpenAIRE. PROVIDE Ask a Question Need help? Contact the OpenAIRE support team. Helpdesk Community Our Network Learn about our National Open Access Desks. Who they are, what they do, how they can help you. Find out more on their activities See who they are and how to contact them News Blogs Events Newsletters Podcasts A journey in the world of Open Science Co-shape OpenAIRE services Community Calls Best practices, Q&As with our developers, technical developments. Be part of the broader OpenAIRE Community and help support build the global Open Scholarly Infrastructure. Join Open Science In Europe The context Overview Learn on major EC and global policies EC Policies and Mandates On Open Access to publications and research data,  FAIR data OpenAIRE & EOSC An overview of how OpenAIRE contributes to EOSC In Practice EU+ Member States Information on national Open Science developments gathered by OpenAIRE's National Open Access Desks (NOADs). View details About Us Overview About Activities Partnerships Projects Strategy Annual Reports Organisation Governance Executive Board Management Office Standing Committees Working Groups Membership Members Membership Join Open Positions See All Sign In Open Science Starts Here Worldwide Open Scholarly Communication Infrastructure Supporting global research excellence through trusted infrastructure for open access, data sharing, and scholarly communication. Explore Services Join our Community Read more The OSFair 2025 recordings are now live! Whether you missed a session or want to dive back into your favorite talks...watch the recordings now! Explore Sessions Explore our redesigned platforms with an improved structure and user-friendly interface, making it easier than ever to navigate, understand, and maximize their benefits. Visit now & experience the upgrades! Missed the session? Watch the recording and access the slides Read more How would you describe #OpenAIRE in three words? We asked our community. Here’s what they said. Watch the 3-word story Watch the video here! Open Science in Practice: From Discovery to Impact Whether you are a researcher, institutional leader, funder, or infrastructure provider, OpenAIRE transforms the principles of Open Science into practice. Our services support the full research lifecycle, making your work actionable, measurable, and trusted. Uncover the full picture of global research with a rich, interlinked graph of publications, data, software, projects and more. A powerful tool for scientometrics. Create FAIR, machine-actionable Data and Software Management Plans that evolve with your project. Link and showcase your community’s research outputs through customizable, EOSC-ready gateways. Track research trends, assess impact, and align practices with real-time analytics across funders, institutions, and disciplines. Coming Soon Build your narrative CV and Open Science profile to highlight contributions beyond publications. Aggregate and interconnect content from repositories, CRIS systems, and journals with EOSC-compliant metadata. An easy-to-use tool to anonymize research data and protect privacy while preserving utility. Disambiguate and map research-performing organizations across data sources with trusted identifiers. Ensure your repository or data source meets OpenAIRE and EOSC interoperability standards. Run overlay journals that peer review preprints and connect seamlessly to the open publishing ecosystem. Ensure your repository or data source meets OpenAIRE and EOSC interoperability standards. Share and preserve research outputs of any kind with a trusted, FAIR-aligned repository powered by CERN. Search, discover, and link open research outputs across publications, data, software, and projects in one trusted space. Track and compare standardized usage metrics (views and downloads) across repositories and journals. Discover links between datasets and publications worldwide through an open, global Scholix index. See all Services Driving the future of Open Research OpenAIRE is more than services. Ii is a force for systemic change in how research is shared, assessed, and reused. Through a strong European network and growing global partnerships , we build bridges across borders, powering core EOSC infrastructure and shaping the EOSC Federation. We advance Responsible Research Assessment aligned with CoARA , promote FAIR data worldwide, and reinforce Europe’s leadership in open, trusted, community-driven research infrastructure. 15+ years empowering Open Science across Europe 200+ M linked publications, data, and software 30+ National Nodes Federated support for Open Science across Europe. EOSC Interoperability Backbone for EOSC EU Node and Federation CoARA-aligned tools for research assessment reform News & Highligths Dec 19, 2025 OpenAIRE at Opening Research Assessment: Advancing FAIR and Open Evaluation with MyResearchFolio Reflections from Pisa on Open Science, assessment reform, and the future shaped by GraspOS
On… Dec 18, 2025 A new era for Responsible Research Assessment begins with one question: How open are the infrastructures that support it? A new checklist  helps you find out!
Across… Dec 9, 2025 Zenodo Introduces a New Way to Manage and Correct Published Records Zenodo, the catch-all repository that allows researchers to archive and share their outputs with… Dec 4, 2025 The OpenAIRE Graph: Why Continuous Validation Matters A scholarly knowledge graph is only as strong as the quality of its data. Collecting metadata once… View all Blogs from our Network Strengthening Open Research Information in Greece: Reflections from the Barcelona Declaration Event Written by Angeliki Tzouganatou on 2025/12/16 .
				
		 Posted in Uncategorized Beyond the dataset: Four ideas that improve how we streamline digital science Written by Natalia Manola on 2025/12/12 .
				
		 Posted in Uncategorized Insights from euroCRIS 2025: Open Infrastructures and the road towards Responsible Research Assessment Written by Angeliki Tzouganatou on 2025/12/09 .
				
		 Posted in scholarly communication infrastructure Slovak Open Science Forum 2025 Written by Silvia Horakova on 2025/12/02 .
				
		 Posted in scholarly communication country highlights policies & funders View all Be Part of Europe’s Open Science Future OpenAIRE is a non-profit, community-driven initiative shaping the policies, infrastructures, and services for Open Science in Europe and beyond. Become a Member Join a Project Get Indexed Contact Us Upcoming Events 19 Jan Collaborative Pathways to Responsible Research Assessment via Open Infrastructures Zoom Mon, 12:00PM - 02:00PM 21 Jan OpenAIRE Graph Community Call Zoom Wed, 11:00AM - 12:00PM 27 Jan EOSC Winter School 2026 Nice, France Tue, 12:00AM 28 Jan Software Heritage Symposium & Summit Paris, France (hybrid) Wed, 12:00AM View Full Calendar Stay Informed Receive updates on policy developments, infrastructure enhancements, and research community initiatives. Please enable the javascript to submit this form Connecting the global research community through Open Science infrastructure and services. Keep in touch Subscribe to our Newsletter Please enable the javascript to submit this form Follow Us Support Helpdesk FAQ Guides Factsheets OpenPlato LMS Organisation About Us Governance Partners Newsletters Annual Reports Community NOAD Network Service Community Calls Training Community of Practice News Blogs Newsletter Events Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Services Accessibility Statement Cookies Policy Code of Ethics Services OpenAIRE EXPLORE OpenAIRE PROVIDE OpenAIRE CONNECT OpenAIRE MONITOR Argos Amnesia OpenOrgs Zenodo Episciences View all Unless otherwise indicated, all materials created by OpenAIRE are licenced under CC ATTRIBUTION 4.0 INTERNATIONAL LICENSE . Go to Top