OpenEye | Intelligent Cloud Video Surveillance For Business Skip to content Products Platform OpenEye Web Services End-to-End Security Cloud-Managed Video Integrations Services AI Video Analytics Cloud Cameras Operational Analytics POS Connect Cameras Dome Fisheye Bullet Turret Multisensor All Cameras Recorders Servers Appliances All Recorders Live Webinar The Intelligence Shift: Emerging AI Trends Shaping the Future of VSaaS Solutions By Industry Retail Restaurants Education Commercial Convenience Stores Retail Banking Cannabis Logistics Manufacturing By Role IT Loss Prevention Operations Security By Use Case Business Intelligence Centralized Management Cybersecurity Health Monitoring Identity Management Intelligent Video Monitoring Tools Retrofit & Upgrade Video Export & Sharing White Paper The Value of the Open Platform Resources Learn Blog Webinars Case Studies White Papers Videos Infographics Events All Resources Support Knowledge Base Training & Certifications Contact Support Documentation Software Camera Firmware Video Improve Situational Awareness with Cloud-Based Maps Partners Partner Resources OpenEye Partners Grow your business Become a Reseller Join our partner network Integrate with OpenEye Become a technology partner Blog Beyond CCTV: The Power of Cloud Video Book A Demo Sign In Intelligent Cloud Video Technology Security Surveillance Systems for Business Stay focused on what matters most with actionable insights that let you see the next opportunity to secure and scale your environments.



Our intelligent and aware cloud-managed video technology integrates easily with your existing business systems so you can upgrade your surveillance—and enhance experiences for customers, employees, and students alike. Book a demo OpenEye Products and Solutions Get More From A Video Surveillance System For Business Take a closer look at the OpenEye products and platform and see how we're helping people live, work, and learn. Platform Analytics Hardware Integrations Smart Security OpenEye Web Services increases business intelligence, reduces IT labor and delivers more value across your entire organization. Learn More Uncover Business Intelligence AI-powered video analytics deliver the actionable insights you need to increase revenue, improve customer satisfaction, reduce shrink, and limit liability. Explore Analytics Built For Your Business’ Needs OpenEye’s hardware solutions enable the future of AI video to help modernize how you operate and protect your business. Explore Recorders & Cameras Complete End-to-End Solution Designed as an open platform, OpenEye Web Services integrates with your existing business systems including access control, intrusion, point of sale, identity management, and more. View Integrations Luis A. Torres Director of Business Protection and Safety, Sprouts Farmers Market John Correia Telecommunications Technician, Gonzaga University Jacob Long Project Manager, Bargain Hunt Doug McCullough IT Director, Sugarbush Resort “OpenEye Web Services has helped streamline our older methods for investigating incidents at our stores, and we’re eager to see how this platform can continue enhancing other sectors of our company’s operations.” Learn More "Switching to OpenEye has not only reduced the amount of time needed to maintain our system but it has given us a platform to move forward." Learn More "I can’t stress enough how OpenEye has taken a product and made it easy to use." Learn More "We needed a system that could give us eyes on our resort regardless of where we were. With OpenEye, we have complete remote access to our security video, which has already proven to be valuable in resolving guest incidents." Verticals We Serve Tailored Surveillance Solutions For Your Industry OpenEye serves customers across a wide range of industries, allowing us to tailor our features and integrations to meet your unique needs—and enhance everyone's experience. Retail Improve security and loss prevention efforts with valuable insights. Restaurants Improve customer service and back-of-house operations with video insights that drive profitability. Education Ensure student safety while reducing IT labor for management, operations, and cybersecurity. Commercial Manage video surveillance across locations to keep tenants safe. Convenience Stores Get a better return on loss prevention efforts and improve security. Retail Banking Reduce risk, simplify operations and generate valuable business intelligence. Logistics Safeguard against fraud and streamline operations across your business. Manufacturing Modernize to cut complexity and boost automation while reducing risk. Video Surveillance Resources For Business Live Webinar The Intelligence Shift: Emerging AI Trends Shaping the Future of VSaaS AI is no longer a future promise — it’s transforming how security teams work today. Join OpenEye leaders from our software development, product management, business development, and enterprise teams as they break down the AI shifts reshaping video security, operations, and the role of human expertise in an increasingly intelligent world. January 29, 2026 10:00am PST / 1:00pm EST 2 min read Blog Why Open Matters in the Age of AI Video Analytics In this article, Brent Boekestein, OpenEye’s VP of Enterprise Accounts, looks at the benefits provided by an open system in the age of AI, and how it can give you the strongest foundation to meet your goals. 7 min read Video Location Arming in OpenEye Web Services Reduce false alarms and save time and resources by integrating a location’s armed state into your security operations. 1 min read See All Resources Get Started Now Book A Demo To See The Future Of Video Surveillance Learn how you can benefit from OpenEye Web Services in a brief demo from our trained security experts. Join others already enjoying OpenEye’s products. Book a Demo 1730 North Madson Street Liberty Lake, WA 99019 TF: (888) 542-1103 P: (509) 232-5261 Products Platform Cameras Recorders Integrations Licensing Solutions By Industry By Role Solutions By Industry By Role Company Careers About Press & News Contact Us Support Knowledge Base Documentation Product Activation Chat With Support Contact Support Company Careers About Press & News Contact Us Support Knowledge Base Documentation Product Activation Chat With Support Contact Support Book A Demo Book a demo Sign In Sign in Privacy Policy Data Privacy Security Feedback License Agreements Warranty Terms of Service Cookies Copyright © OpenEye 2025 Privacy Policy Data Privacy Security Feedback License Agreements Warranty Terms of Service Cookies Copyright © OpenEye 2025 OpenEye uses cookies for security and to improve your experience on our site. Cookies enable you to enjoy a custom browsing experience and allow us to analyze our site traffic. Click Accept All Cookies to consent to the use of cookies or click Cookie Settings to set your cookie preferences and find out more information. Accept All Cookies Necessary Cookies Only Cookie Settings Cookie Settings This website uses essential cookies for the operation and security of the website and uses
            other cookies to improve functionality and the user experience. You may select your choice of cookies to
            allow on our website below. Essential Cookies (Required) These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our
              website, including the use of certain features like secure access to password-protected accounts. This
              category of cookies cannot be disabled. Non-Essential Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of the website, but they are
              non-essential to your use of the website. However, without these cookies certain functionality may be
              unavailable to you. These cookies may collect information that help us understand usage of our website to
              measure and improve performance of our website. Analytics/Tracking Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. These cookies may also collect
              information about which pages you visit on our website and if you are accessing the website from clicking
              on advertising on another site or social network. These cookies allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of
              our marketing campaigns and our website. Save Settings Close