Open Repository - premium DSpace hosting Home Software Hosting Services & Support Clients CONTACT DSpace showcase for your content Repository software including hosting and support for institutions of any size Get in touch » Discover More » What we do We’ll set you up with a repository that’s ready to go, based on DSpace Open Source. All you need to do is focus on your content and users. Repository Software Enhanced DSpace platform. We added a range of powerful
features for visitors and admins. Tour our software » Hosting Test, production, standby & backup infrastructure. All hosted on fast and reliable cloud servers. Dive in our hosting » Services & Support Repository setup, technical maintenance and support: the help of our global team is just a click away. Build your package » Watch the Video Short on time? Watch a short video presentation about Open Repository’s software, hosting and additional services (2mins) Play Video “We chose Open Repository because we were looking for a hosted service to help us get started. We wanted to move forward with the repository services but did not have the technological infrastructure needed locally to support DSpace ourselves. Contracting our hosting services with Open Repository allowed us to get started and focus on working with our customer base immediately.” — Kimberly Chapman, Library Campus Manager, University of Arizona Some of our clients ... See more clients » What is Open Repository? Open Repository is conceived as a solution for any institution that does not have the staff or technical resources to run a state of the art repository. Accelerating scientific progress through Open Access to scientific publications and addressing digital preservation needs for digital assets are just two of the major areas where Open Repository excels. The platform is set up, operated, and maintained by Atmire, so no technical staff from your end is required. When you have a technical or functional question regarding the platform, Atmire's dedicated Open Repository team will support you. This means as an Open Repository owner, you only have to worry about what matters: your content. Everything else is taken care of by Atmire. Atmire acquired Open Repository from Open Access publisher BioMed Central in 2016. Atmire is the leading DSpace repository services company, headquartered in Belgium-EU, and the USA. Currently Atmire is serving over 200 institutions in 43 countries with repository services. Get in touch » CLOSE Get in touch Tell us about your new repository requirements or your existing repository set-up.  A member of our team will get in touch shortly Name: Email Address: Institution or Organisation Name: I am interested in (hold down CTRL key & select all that apply) Open Repository Open Repository LITE A Product Demo Free Trial Details of the next Webinar Migrating an existing repostiory to Open Repository Any additional information will help us expedite your query Where did you hear about us? Brochure Conference/Event Search Engine (Google, Bing, DuckDuckgo Yahoo etc) Social Media (Twitter, Google +,  LinkedIn, Facebook etc) Using one of our client repositories Word of Mouth Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form :( Home Software Hosting Services Clients Contact Copyright 2016 Atmire NV. unless otherwise stated. This internet site is operated by atmire.com Atmire NV  Gaston Geenslaan 14, Leuven 3001, Belgium &  Atmire inc. 250 Lucius Gordon Drive, Suite B-3A  West Henrietta, NY 14586  U.S.A. Privacy Disclamer Website Credits