Voice of the Customer for Web & Mobile | Verint Skip to main content Thoma Bravo Completes Acquisition of Verint Thoma Bravo Completes Acquisition of Verint Read More Read More Contact Sales Login Support Verint home Get a Demo Products Open Platform Open Platform Overview About Open CCaaS Verint Da Vinci™ AI and Bots Open Engagement Data Hub Platform Capabilities Agent Copilot Dramatically increase agent capacity Customer Self-Service Increase self-service with AI-powered IVAs Business Analytics Speech, text & desktop analytics Channels & Desktop Deliver omnichannel customer experiences Workforce Engagement Increase employee capacity, performance, and experience Voice of Customer & Employee Cross-channel CX insights Knowledge Management A single source of truth for IVAs and agents Financial Compliance Trading and financial services compliance Fraud and Security Solutions Improve bank security investigations Solutions I want to... Embrace Generative AI Drive AI outcomes with GenAI Improve My Service Quality AI-powered quality across all customer touchpoints Improve Agent Productivity Increase contact center capacity with CX Automation Access AI Innovations Now Avoid a lengthy rip and replace project Move to an Open CCaaS Platform CX automation with a modern CCaaS Increase CX Automation Drive ROI with specialized bots My industry is... Banking Insurance Public Sector Retail Telecommunications Customers Customer Resources Customer Support Live product support and self-service options Verint Connect Customer portal & community Verint Academy Education and training to enhance your journey Why Verint Case Studies Explore the powerful outcomes and innovative solutions made possible with Verint Reviews Trusted by customers, approved by analysts Customer Commitment We want Customers for Life, always Services & Support Overview Delivering value beyond the platform ROI Center Resources Case Studies Neo BPO Reduces Absenteeism and Turnover with Verint Interviewing Bot Trainline Doubles Agent Capacity with Verint Capitec Bank Reduces Manager Scheduling Time from Four Hours to 15 Minutes per Week View All Case Studies Verint Resources Blog Analyst Reports eBooks Whitepapers Guides View All Resources Events AMER Events EMEA Events APAC Events View All Events Partners About Our Partners Partner Overview Become a Partner Find a Partner Verint Connect Partner portal & community Partner Case Studies Five9 Helps Customers Transform Customer Engagement Group Elite Facilitates Change and Modernization Connex Improves the Call Center, Back Office and Branch View All Case Studies Company Our Company Overview News & Insights Leadership Careers Legal Corporate Governance Partners Corporate Responsibility Recent Press & News Verint Recognized as Market Leader in Frost & Sullivan’s Voice of Customer Analytics 2025 Report Getting Real About Managing Gen Z View More Contact Sales Login Support Get a Demo Close Home / Verint Voice of the Customer / Verint Web & Mobile / Verint Web & Mobile Elevate your website, mobile app and store performance by analyzing customer experiences and taking real-time action. Get a Demo Contact Sales AI Business Outcomes from Verint Customers $4M Revenue Increase A retailer increased revenue by using website performance insights to reduce online cart abandonment. Customer Success Stories Elevate customer experiences on web & mobile Drive Higher Conversions and Engagement Unify your VOC data across all customer-facing digital channels, including web, mobile and social, to drive a consistent and elevated customer experience. Remove Friction From the Customer Journey Leverage CX automation to action insights in real-time and improve customer conversions, identify opportunities for self-service, and implement hot fixes that enhance the digital customer journey. Make Impactful Business Decisions Best-of-breed analytics u ncover the “why” behind your customers’ digital behaviors and enable you to elevate CX through more strategic decision making. Excelling in digital customer experience at every touchpoint In-the-Moment Feedback Automated Actions AI-Powered Predictive Modeling Verint Services In-the-Moment Feedback Track and analyze the digital customer journey to gain invaluable real-time insights from all digital touchpoints. With flexible in-the-moment feedback, you can quickly and easily identify hot fixes and resolve issues before they result in lost revenue and impact customer loyalty. Automated Actions Verint’s intelligent digital listening engine detects struggles in real-time, contains and resolves conversations and gathers feedback through automated follow up. These AI-driven actions help you to elevate CX, improve NPS, reduce web issue-related calls and increase containment. AI-Powered Predictive Modeling Maximize the impact of experiential data by uncovering the “why” behind your customers’ digital behaviors using predictive modeling and journey-level insights. Use these analytics to identify and prioritize where to focus your efforts and build strategies that deliver value-driven improvements across the enterprise. Verint Services Leverage Verint’s in-house value-added services, which offers a dedicated customers success manager, embedded enablement and in-house strategic CX consulting. With Verint value-added services you’ll be able to increase adoption, maximize business outcomes, and benefit from greater flexibility and speed as needed. Shoe Carnival revolutionizes digital customer experience Discover how Shoe Carnival used Verint VOC to fully connect its platform and enabled the retailer to unify its digital CX data, elevate analytics and prioritize the right actions. Results: A redesigned CX program and customer service model in 90 days. Survey development now takes two hours or less. Reduced reaction time for online sales issues from weeks to near real-time. Read the Case Study Listen, analyze and act with Verint Voice of the Customer Listen everywhere: Collect experience data – from all sources – in all formats. Move beyond simple survey tools and transform your VOC program by collecting direct, indirect and inferred data across every channel. Analyze deeper: Unify all your CX data sources, in a single customizable view. Bring together structured and unstructured customer data from across your organization and in-the-moment AI-powered behavioral insights. Act faster: Prioritize action that makes an impact. Embed CX automation across your VoC program to mobilize insights in real-time and take a proactive approach to elevating customer experience. AI-powered assistance for low-effort CX Verint’s struggle detection works in tandem with Verint Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA) to seamlessly identify and resolve customer issues in real-time. The AI-powered tools ensure swift issue-resolution across multiple digital channels and increase contact center capacity by reducing inbound volume. Using behavioral data and AI, these bots elevate your customer experience by increasing self-service containment and reducing contact center costs. Get a Demo Verint named a Leader in Voice of the Customer Analytics We’re proud to share that Verint has once again been recognized by Frost & Sullivan as a Leader in the 2025 Frost Radar™: Voice of Customer (VOC) Analytics. Download the full report to discover why Verint Open Platform is setting the standard for customer experience intelligence and action. Read the Report Help customers to engage on their terms You need actionable insights into customer behavior – Verint Digital Feedback gives them a voice. Capture customer-initiated feedback via digital channels across their entire customer journey, creating deeper, contextual insights and enabling you to take real-time targeted action. These insights help you to improve digital customer experience: Optimizing and/or redesigning your website Delivering improved mobile experiences Quickly and continuously improving digital CX Building accurate and comprehensive customer journey maps Get a Demo Featured Voice of the Customer Success Stories Sur La Table Optimizes the Customer Journey With Verint Web & Mobile Learn how Sur La Table is improving the user experience, streamlining customer effort, and driving higher engagement and conversions... Case Study Urban Science Increases Client Collaboration and Value with Verint Survey Management Urban Science employs 900 data scientists worldwide, providing its B2B automotive OEM clients with data science-based recommendations and solutions... Case Study NASA Improves Visitor Website Experience via Qualitative Insights from Verint Read how The Office of Communications, responsible for overseeing the NASA website, uses Verint to collect real-time feedback from... Case Study This is a carousel with slides that do not auto-rotate. Use the Next and Previous buttons to navigate. Sur La Table Optimizes the Customer Journey With Verint Web & Mobile Learn how Sur La Table is improving the user experience, streamlining customer effort, and driving higher engagement and conversions... Case Study Urban Science Increases Client Collaboration and Value with Verint Survey Management Urban Science employs 900 data scientists worldwide, providing its B2B automotive OEM clients with data science-based recommendations and solutions... Case Study NASA Improves Visitor Website Experience via Qualitative Insights from Verint Read how The Office of Communications, responsible for overseeing the NASA website, uses Verint to collect real-time feedback from... Case Study Customer Success Stories Featured Voice of the Customer Resources The State of Customer Experience 2025 Download the only report you’ll need to uncover why CX leaders are thriving — and why other companies are falling behind. Research Report The 2023 Verint Experience Index: Retail This report details the growth in customer touchpoints across a purchase—and the steps needed to build a CX strategy to optimize every customer interaction. Research Report The ROI of CX Maximize your CX ROI with Verint. Discover strategies to enhance customer experience, reduce costs, and drive measurable returns on CX investments. Ebook This is a carousel with slides that do not auto-rotate. Use the Next and Previous buttons to navigate. The State of Customer Experience 2025 Download the only report you’ll need to uncover why CX leaders are thriving — and why other companies are falling behind. Research Report The 2023 Verint Experience Index: Retail This report details the growth in customer touchpoints across a purchase—and the steps needed to build a CX strategy to optimize every customer interaction. Research Report The ROI of CX Maximize your CX ROI with Verint. Discover strategies to enhance customer experience, reduce costs, and drive measurable returns on CX investments. Ebook FAQs on Digital Voice of the Customer What is digital Voice of the Customer? Digital Voice of the Customer is the process of planning, organizing, and managing all aspects of a customer’s digital experience. Getting this right is important because it helps you create a seamless and consistent experience for your customers across all channels. This can lead to increased customer satisfaction, loyalty, and ultimately, revenue. There are many different aspects to Digital Voice of the Customer, but some of the most important include: Listening for deep customer insights Acting to close the loop on customer feedback Analyzing for strategic business changes Verint solutions help businesses listen, analyze, and act on customer data to create a seamless and consistent experience across all channels. Why is digital Voice of the Customer Experience? Digital channels are more important than ever. Web, social, and mobile are a critical piece of the brand and customer journey. And with the rise of self-service, there are more actions than ever before customers wish to manage themselves. By not addressing customer experience from the lens of web and mobile, companies run the risk of: Lower conversion rates and fewer repeat visitors Losing customers to competitors Lower NPS or CSAT scores Why are digital behavior analytics important for CX? Getting real value from your CX efforts is far easier when you can put customer feedback next to data about their actual behavior. If a customer says they had a bad experience with a certain tool, but never reached the page for that tool, then the contradiction could lead to confusion that can slow issue resolution and prevent urgent changes to parts of the customer journey. Digital behavior analytics enriches CX data, allowing for deeper insights into the way customers flow through your digital experiences. On the web, this means looking at how customers interacted or tried to interact with a page and what their journey through your experience looked like to them. Contact us about Verint Voice of the Customer * indicates a required field †If we know of you from our business directory we will prepopulate the form for you. Verint is committed to treat and protect your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Thank You Thank you for your request. A Verint team member will follow up with you soon. Company Company Overview News & Insights Resource Center Careers Contact Global Locations Legal Legal Overview Terms of Service Privacy Notice Cookie Notice UK Modern Slavery Act Compliance Intellectual Property Accessibility Statement Cookie Settings Verint Logo Verint Verint Systems Inc. 225 Broadhollow Road, Suite 130 Melville, NY 11747 1 (800) 483-7468 All Rights Reserved 2026 Search Modal Search Search Begin typing to search, the field will be completed as you type. Results Search Modal Search Search Begin typing to search, the field will be completed as you type. Results Video Modal Download Audio Transcript Watch the audio description version of this video Watch the standard version of this video Get a Demo * indicates a required field †If we know of you from our business directory we will prepopulate the form for you. Verint is committed to treat and protect your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Thank You Thank you for your request. A Verint team member will follow up with you soon. Contact Sales * indicates a required field †If we know of you from our business directory we will prepopulate the form for you. Verint is committed to treat and protect your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Thank You Thank you for your request. A Verint team member will follow up with you soon.