Opinary | We ask the right questions Brands Our Solutions Our Tools & Ad Formats Success Stories Publishers Why Opinary? Our Tools & Examples Success Stories FAQs About Us About Us Press Blog Careers Contact Login Select Page Free Consultation WE ARE OPINARY We drive curiosity by asking the right questions Our technology helps global brands and respected publishers to reach, understand & convert their target audiences. Find out more Contact Us 3 NEWS Opinary now serves as the technology behind mCanvas mCanvas is now available in Germany with its full range of digital ad solutions and supported by Opinary’s poll-based zero-data technology. If you’re an advertiser interested in user-declared intent data and privacy-conform insights accompanying your digital engagement ads. Learn more here If you’re a publisher: Don’t worry! For you Opinary will stay exactly as it is. Our partners OPINARY FOR BRANDS Advertising that doesn’t feel like advertising​ Our instantly recognisable voting tools help global brands reach over 125 million users by simply asking the right questions within our premium publisher network. Learn More OPINARY FOR PUBLISHERS Every relationship starts with a conversation We are used by the world’s most respected publishers use to start conversations with their audiences at scale, and to understand, monetize and convert engagement into actionable 1st Party Data. Learn More THE RESULTS What clients are saying about us “Users love to engage, because they get relevant information with one click. Opinary‘s performance was impressive – 10x better than classical advertisement.” Senol Kasapoglu Media & Marketing, Toyota “The Opinary poll is consistently the most clicked link in Red Box, often 15-20% of those readers who open Red Box end up clicking through to the poll.” Matt Chorley Newsletter Editor, The Times “With Opinary we have a solution that is just as interesting from an editorial view, as from a marketing perspective.” Dimitri Antonissen Editor-in-chief HLN WE ARE HIRING Join the Opinary crowd You’ll join a venture-funded team in Berlin with a deep passion for driving participation and engagement across the open web. We let users run the debate with just one simple tap and create deep impact from it. Open positions Brands Success stories Our tools Terms of use Publishers Success stories Examples FAQs Company About Us Blog Careers Contact Follow Follow Follow Follow Brands Success stories Our tools Terms of use Publishers Success stories Examples FAQs Company About Us Blog Careers Contact Follow Follow Follow Follow © 2021 Opinary. All rights reserved Imprint | Privacy Policy