Home
 
About
 
Get started
 
Be involved
 
Blog
 
Official shop
Download OPNsense®
Version 25.7
Visionary Viper

 Security. Speed. Simplicity. At Scale.

Read more
Key Highlights of OPNsense® 25.7
‘Visionary Viper’
Reengineered Setup Wizard (MVC-based)
Strict Web UI Mode
Dashboard Upgrade (ChartJS4)
User Manager Enhancements
New SFTP Backup Plugin
Alias Management Overhaul
More information
12
OPNsense® is an open source, feature rich firewall and routing platform, offering cutting-edge network protection.

We've made digital security accessible to everyone. With our free OPNsense® platform, you get all the features of expensive commercial firewalls and more. Enjoy open and verifiable sources in a product developed with and for a large user community.

Firewall

Stateful firewall with support for IPv4 and IPv6 and live view on blocked or passed traffic.

Multi WAN

Multi WAN capable including load balancing and failover support.

Virtual private networking

Integrated support for IPsec (including route based), OpenVPN as well as pluggable support for Tinc (full mesh VPN) and WireGuard.

Hardware failover

Can't afford downtime? Use our automatic hardware failover with state synchronization. By utilizing the Common Address Redundancy Protocol (CARP), you can achieve the highest possible availability.

Reporting & monitoring

A modern approach to RRD graphs with options to zoom in and export data. Your favorite NetFlow analyzer shows most active users, interfaces, ports, and applications.

Intrusion prevention

Eliminate Trojans and CNC bots with advanced inline intrusion prevention using Suricata and Proofpoint’s Emerging Threats Open rules. You can also choose the optional ET PRO (commercial subscription) or ET PRO Telemetry (sign up for free).

See all features
Try OPNsense® today!

The only open source security platform with a simplified 2-clause license (BSD/MIT license) is just one click away…

Get started Download OPNsense®
Q-Feeds and OPNsense join forces to harden firewalls with advanced Threat Intelligence
Real-time protection against emerging threats
Fast deployment – active within 5 minutes
Flexible subscription options for every threat level
Seamless integration with OPNsense and other security solutions
Get Q-Feeds Threat Intel Now
Free E-book!
Available Now! – 4th Edition!

Get the complete 4th Edition of Practical OPNsense® by Markus Stubbig with the OPNsense® Business Edition license as E-book.

Or buy your copy online from Amazon

OPNsense® Business Edition Buy from Amazon
Free Introduction Course!
Get started with the Official OPNsense Introduction Course

You get the full Official OPNsense Introduction Course presented by trainer Maher Haddad with your purchase!

Or try the free training for beginners.

OPNsense® Business Edition Free beginners training
123
Our community is crucial in shaping the ongoing development of our open-source OPNsense® software products.

With over 300.000 participants worldwide, our community is not just a collective; they’re our partners in progress. This collaborative and continuous pursuit of improvement is at the core of our ethos.

We recognize the power of Open Source and commit to supporting it. We value community feedback, engaging with users to ensure our products evolve with the dynamic digital landscape. Community testing helps us update software swiftly and develop our roadmap efficiently.

OPNsense® forum OPNsense® documentation
Read what our talented community members are saying about OPNsense®

An open-source firewall that has built in support for Unbound DNS, strict Port Forwarding, GeoIP support, and much more to name! OPNsense is as customizable as the hardware it can run on.

Michael L.

From Norway

Thank you for the ingenious product which I already have in operation with customers

Michael

from Switzerland

I just want to compliment you on what I think might be the best piece of Open source software I've ever encountered. I've used Linux exclusively for over 16 years, with a few forays into FreeBSD. The level of quality in OPNsense it's amazing. Every time I've updated whether it be package updates or a major release it's been absolutely flawless. Every feature I've used is working perfectly

Richard

from USA

The OPNsense® Business Edition is designed for companies, enterprises, and professionals seeking turnkey, high-end security solutions without the hassle.

The free version of our software serves as a dynamic platform where we test and refine new features before incorporating them to the Business Edition. The paid version unlocks premium features and advanced tools, providing a selective upgrade path with extra commercial benefits.

Purchasing the paid version also supports the project, ensuring our community continues to benefit from ongoing innovation and improvement.

NEW
A 5-star experience
Commercial firmware repository
Official OPNsense® Open Virtualisation Image
Free E-Book (English & German)
Free E-learning course: Hands-On Labs for Beginners
Extra Professional features:
Web Application Firewall
Proxy Access
Extended Blocklist
OPNcentral™
Integrated GeoIP database
Buy now
Hardware purpose-built for OPNsense. Exceptional performance per watt. Reliable, turnkey solutions that simply work.

Our official OPNsense hardware is engineered from the ground up – in Europe – combining premium quality, performance, and sleek design. From compact, fanless desktops to powerful, rack-mountable appliances, our product range is built for ease of use, seamless deployment, and long-term reliability.

Go to our official shop
Contact

About projects

project@opnsense.org

Sales inquiries

sales@opnsense.com

Edison 43
3241 LS Middelharnis
The Netherlands

Be involved

OPNsense® forum

 
 
 
Contribute

To enable us to continue development and keep on improving the project
you can contribute by donating to the project.

Terms & conditions
Privacy- en cookies