Optable Identity Management & Data Collaboration Platform Transform Audience Planning with Optable Planner Agent Platform Solutions  The Optable Platform Optable is building the next generation of privacy-first data infrastructure to power a migration toward privacy-safe advertising Learn More Future-proof Your Audience Strategy Unify Your Identity Data Grow Revenue With Collaboration Increase Programmatic Monetization Omnichannel Identity Activation at Scale Win more RFPs with AI Privacy Sandbox Privacy safe audience targeting to Chrome users. Integrations Customers Learn  Latest from Optable Optable Connect 2025 Recap: From Infrastructure to Intelligence — What We Learned Optable Launches Omnichannel Identity Activation Solution Explore all resources Blog Insights & education from industry innovators. Newsroom Find out what's happening now with Optable. Interviews & Demos See how Optable is transforming modern advertising. Events & Webinars Join Optable for industry events, both live and online. Resources Access key Optable whitepapers, customer success stories, and more. Company  company Who We Are Careers Contact EN  FR Request demo Request demo CODE CODE Hubspot Custom Styles Optable uses first party and third party cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts and send you personalized advertising. You can accept all cookies by clicking the "Accept" button, reject all cookies by clicking the “Deny” button or configure their use by clicking "Preference". More information in the Users & Website Privacy Policy. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all Allow all Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close CODE CODE Hubspot Custom Styles Unlock ad revenue through purpose-built identity solutions Helping publishers, media owners, and ad platforms build and manage identity graphs to increase advertising revenues. Book a Demo Learn More Trusted by innovators. 5.0 on G2.com Explore Customer Stories Join us for Optable Connect 2026 Toronto Register Today Introducing Agentic Collaboration: The Future of Adtech Workflows with AI Agents Read Press Release How Unity Works With Optable To Build Advanced Ad Products and Unlock Revenue Read Post The Sell Side Guide to Identity for Publishers and Media Owners Get Guide Case Study La Presse grows ad revenue by 9% using Optable's platform Learn how they did it. OPTABLE PLATFORM Optable is the identity management and data collaboration platform built for the advertising ecosystem in the age of privacy. How our platform works Identity First With shared identifiers like cookies & mobile IDs being phased out and audience data becoming increasingly fragmented, we empower media owners, publishers and platforms to harness the power of their first party data. Our platform makes it easy to assemble an identity graph across all your sources, enrich it with leading partner data sets, and use your ID graph for activation in the channels that matter the most for your ad business. Give Programmatic Revenue a Boost Ad sellers need a complete set of tools to support the many different ways that they monetize their audience data. For programmatic revenue, Optable makes it easy to plug into ID frameworks like UID 2.0 and Yahoo Connect ID. Additionally, publishers with unique first party audience data can port data into leading marketplaces like The Trade Desk and curation platforms such as Pubmatic. This allows publishers to test different monetization strategies and meet buyers where they are looking to activate. Future Proof Your Direct Ad Sales It’s no secret that data driven sales teams win more share of ad spend. Optable makes it easy for media owners to collect, analyze and activate audience data no matter how complex their network or distribution is. Optable’s purpose-built tools for audience building, attribute enrichment and clean room collaboration means that sales teams can respond faster to RFPs, deliver more relevant audiences and offer deeper insights to their advertising partners. Learn how Optable helps you unlock the full potential of your data. Blog Canada Marketers Publishers Merkury for Publishers: Identity Built on Decades of Understanding Canadians December 10, 2025 Optable Marketing Staff Blog Data Collaboration Publishers Data Collaboration Is Becoming Publishers' Core Monetization Strategy. Here Is Why December 8, 2025 Optable Marketing Staff Blog Identity Publishers Addressability Successful Identity Management Implementation by Leading Publishers December 8, 2025 Optable Marketing Staff It’s time to turn your data into opportunity. Request demo Subscribe to our newsletter Optable Platform Integrations Who We Are Careers Responsible Disclosure Brand Kit Learn Customers Resources Webinars & Events Blog Newsroom Rent vs. Own ID Graph Explore Request a demo Contact Changelog Status members © Copyright 2025 Optable Technologies Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policies Terms of Use Optable uses first party and third party cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts and send you personalized advertising. You can accept all cookies by clicking the "Accept" button, reject all cookies by clicking the “Deny” button or configure their use by clicking "Preference". More information in the Users & Website Privacy Policy. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all Allow all Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close CODE CODE Hubspot Custom Styles