Optimism: The most used blockchain infrastructure. Before you continue, please read and agree to the Terms of Service and Optimism Community Agreement. Before you continue, please read and agree to the Terms of Service and Optimism Community Agreement. Agree to terms Agree to terms Products Solutions Developers Case studies Stats Learn more Learn more Products OP Stack Compare Solutions Fintech CEX Developers Build Documentation Grants Company Stats Blog Careers Learn more Products OP Stack Compare Solutions Fintech CEX Developers Build Documentation Grants Company Stats Blog Careers The future of finance isn't on their chain, it's on yours. Launch your own blockchain and capture the upside of every transaction. Powered by Optimism. Secured by Ethereum. Start building Start building Learn more Learn more Fintechs Exchanges Payments Fintechs Offer more financial products, stay compliant, and reduce overhead with programmable, next-generation rails tailored to your app. Product Expansion Operational Efficiency Learn more Fintechs Exchanges Payments Fintechs Offer more financial products, stay compliant, and reduce overhead with programmable, next-generation rails tailored to your app. Product Expansion Operational Efficiency Learn more Fintechs Exchanges Payments Fintechs Offer more financial products, stay compliant, and reduce overhead with programmable, next-generation rails tailored to your app. Product Expansion Operational Efficiency Learn more Trusted by Optimism powers 15% of all crypto transactions. Optimism powers 15% of all crypto transactions. The OP Stack is already processing millions of transactions and serving hundreds of millions of users, trusted by leading financial and consumer platforms. The OP Stack is already processing millions of transactions and serving hundreds of millions of users, trusted by leading financial and consumer platforms. See all stats See all stats 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + Powered Chains Source 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % L2 Market Share Source 0 M 0 M 0 M 0 M Transactions per Day Source $ 0 B $ 0 B $ 0 B $ 0 B Total Assets Secured Source Everything needed to bring businesses onchain. Everything needed to bring businesses onchain. Launch a blockchain with the OP Stack or deploy on OP Mainnet - Optimism supports every stage: blockspace, infrastructure, ecosystem, post‑launch support. Launch a blockchain with the OP Stack or deploy on OP Mainnet - Optimism supports every stage: blockspace, infrastructure, ecosystem, post‑launch support. Learn more Learn more Learn more OP Stack The OP Stack is a fully open-source, modular framework built for teams launching blockchains. Flexible and configurable, it can be adopted as a whole or integrated layer by layer. Learn more Learn more Learn more 50+ Powered Chains $17B Total Assets Secured Base is a Layer 2 built on the OP Stack to unlock access to finance for 1B users. Base is a Layer 2 built on the OP Stack to unlock access to finance for 1B users. OP Mainnet OP Mainnet is Optimism’s flagship Ethereum Layer 2 blockchain. By offering a seamless pathway from building an app to launching a full-service chain, OP Mainnet is where developers and enterprises begin their onchain journey. Start building Start building Start building 99.99% Uptime $0.001 Avg. Transaction Fee Earn interest. Borrow when you need. 24/7. Earn interest. Borrow when you need. 24/7. “Six years into building DeFi, our priority is giving people the best trading experience possible. Unichain on the OP Stack gives us the flexibility to innovate while benefiting from shared infrastructure. Features like Flashblocks let us push latency down to the point where trading feels instant.” Hayden Adams CEO of Uniswap $280M DEX Trade volume per day 1M Transactions per day “Six years into building DeFi, our priority is giving people the best trading experience possible. Unichain on the OP Stack gives us the flexibility to innovate while benefiting from shared infrastructure. Features like Flashblocks let us push latency down to the point where trading feels instant." Hayden Adams CEO of Uniswap $280M DEX Trade volume per day 1M Transactions per day “Six years into building DeFi, our priority is giving people the best trading experience possible. Unichain on the OP Stack gives us the flexibility to innovate while benefiting from shared infrastructure. Features like Flashblocks let us push latency down to the point where trading feels instant." Hayden Adams CEO of Uniswap $280M DEX Trade volume per day 1M Transactions per day Companies like yours are moving onchain Forward-thinking companies are moving onchain to deliver faster, compliant financial services while cutting costs and improving user experiences. Expand new markets Expand globally faster with onchain products, stablecoin rails, and localized onramps that help you reach more customers. Grow your revenue Unlock new ways to monetize distribution and capture a greater share of the customer activity your products create. Launch new products Launch new financial products faster with onchain rails that reduce overhead, expand functionality, and create better user experiences. Simplify compliance Use configurable infrastructure to tailor workflows, reporting, and controls to your regulatory and compliance requirements. Enterprise-level performance Enterprise-level performance Built with the flexibility to handle complex controls and business logic that modern products need. Built with the flexibility to handle complex controls and business logic that modern products need. Discover the OP Stack Discover the OP Stack Discover the OP Stack Security audits Secure, modular infrastructure battle-tested by companies like Coinbase and Kraken. 39 audits to date 39 audits to date 99.99% uptime The OP Stack ensures high availability and resilience, so your chain stays operational without interruption. Data Battle-tested infrastructure Your infrastructure is an accelerator, not a science project. Choose the most widely adopted and configurable infrastructure. Fast and cheap transactions 200 ms block times and sub-cent fees deliver instant, seamless user experiences at scale. Sovereignty & control Customize every layer of your infrastructure - all without sacrificing security. Infinite scalability Designed to handle near-infinite transaction throughput with horizontal scaling, always secured by Ethereum. Bring your business onchain Bring your business onchain From infrastructure to product and distribution, Optimism helps you launch faster. From infrastructure to product and distribution, Optimism helps you launch faster. Start building Start building Start building Learn more Learn more Learn more Optimism Selects Ether.fi to Deploy Liquid Staking Treasury on OP Mainnet Dec 11, 2025 Optimism Selects Ether.fi to Deploy Liquid Staking Treasury on OP Mainnet Dec 11, 2025 Optimism Selects Ether.fi to Deploy Liquid Staking Treasury on OP Mainnet Dec 11, 2025 The largest exchanges in the world are choosing the OP Stack Dec 10, 2025 The largest exchanges in the world are choosing the OP Stack Dec 10, 2025 The largest exchanges in the world are choosing the OP Stack Dec 10, 2025 OKX Migrates XLayer to the OP Stack Dec 9, 2025 OKX Migrates XLayer to the OP Stack Dec 9, 2025 OKX Migrates XLayer to the OP Stack Dec 9, 2025 Fusaka Is Live: Scaling Optimism and the Superchain Dec 3, 2025 Fusaka Is Live: Scaling Optimism and the Superchain Dec 3, 2025 Fusaka Is Live: Scaling Optimism and the Superchain Dec 3, 2025 Products OP Stack Compare Optimism Blog FAQ Careers Brand Stats Bridge Collective Collective Collective documentation Governance Governance forum Developers Start building Grants Documentation GitHub Onchain data Status Bug Bounty Social X Discord YouTube LinkedIn © 2025 Optimism Foundation. All rights reserved. Optimism Community Agreement Terms of Service Privacy Policy Products OP Stack Compare Optimism Blog FAQ Careers Brand Stats Bridge Collective Collective Collective documentation Governance Governance forum Developers Start building Grants Documentation GitHub Onchain data Status Bug Bounty Social X Discord YouTube LinkedIn © 2025 Optimism Foundation. All rights reserved. Optimism Community Agreement Terms of Service Privacy Policy Products OP Stack Compare Optimism Blog FAQ Careers Brand Stats Bridge Collective Collective Collective documentation Governance Governance forum Developers Start building Grants Documentation GitHub Onchain data Status Bug Bounty Social X Discord YouTube LinkedIn © 2025 Optimism Foundation. All rights reserved. Optimism Community Agreement Terms of Service Privacy Policy