OptiSigns Digital Signage Software - Elevate Your Business Go back Products Platform Digital Signage Software Apps and Integrations Scheduling and Automation OptiSync - Dynamic Data Mapping Mobile Admin App Digital Signage Content Templates Feeds Designer Platform as a Service API and Workflow Integration Embedded Signage Build Your Own Enterprise App SOLUTIONS Engage - Interactive Experiences Touch Screen Kiosk Lift and Learn AI Audience Analytics AI Audience Analytics Workplace Solutions Wireless Conferencing Display Dashboards Employee Engagement Workplace App Integration HARDWARE Digital Signage Hardware Digital Signage Players Digital Signage Kiosks Supported Devices Featured NEW! Digital Signage Kiosks Explore Kiosks Let’s Talk Contact Sales Watch Demo Use Cases industries Assisted Living Convenience Stores Corporate Office & Communications Education Financial Services Government Grocery Stores Gyms & Fitness Centers Healthcare Manufacturing and Production Media and Marketing Agency Religious Organizations Restaurants Retail Transportation & Logistics Other Use cases Meeting Room Virtual Screens / Working Remote Lobby Download Pricing Apps Resources Resources Blog Knowledge Base Support Center Video Tutorials How It Works Downloads Design Resources Partnerships fEATURED BLOGS 7 Digital Signage Components for a Smart Signage Program Read more Digital Signage Content Creation: A Complete Guide Read more Log in Try For Free Elevate your Business with Digital Signage Software Digital signage made easy. Transform any screen or TV into a dynamic platform to engage customers and employees. Try For Free Let's Chat Let's Chat Let's Chat Book a demo 14-day FREE trial. No credit card required 4.8 4,000+ Capterra Reviews 4.7 2,300+ G2 Reviews Used by The World's Most Recognizable Companies As seen on Unlock Your Potential With Our Digital Signage Software Turn any screen or TV into captivating digital signage with our powerful, easy-to-use digital signage platform. Any Screen, Any Hardware We offer the largest variety of platform and hardware options, including our popular OptiSigns devices. Enjoy the freedom to choose the best hardware for your needs with our flexible digital signage software solution. Recommended Hardware All Supported Platforms Easy Content Management See All Templates Easily display content and publish updates with our simple digital signage solution featuring a user-friendly CMS, drag-and-drop interface, stock images, and support for multiple file types , all enhanced by customizable templates for effortless design. Connect With All Your Apps Add dynamic content to multiple screens with 140+ apps including weather, Instagram, Power BI, YouTube, Google Slides, and more. Showcase multiple items with our easy-to-use Split Screen app. View All Apps & Integrations Try For Free Built for Teams We help you manage content effortlessly through advanced remote management and intuitive user roles, making it easy to collaborate, update content remotely, control all your screens, and operate everything without any technical expertise. Data Security We are committed to ensuring the safety and protection of our customers' data across all operating systems with our secure signage solution, supported by industry-leading encryption, single sign-on, compliance with GDPR regulations, and our AICPA SOC 2 Type II certification . Always Here to Help Our US-based customer support team is available via email , phone, or our support system to ensure that your audiences never miss a beat with your content. OptiSigns: Digital Signage in 3 Easy Steps 1 Pair Your Device Set up your device or media player, download and install the OptiSigns Player app on it, and pair it using the code. 2 Add Content Upload your own content, explore apps and integrations, or create designs with our built-in designer tool through an intuitive interface. 3 Assign to Display Display content live to one screen or across your entire network, and easily update content remotely anytime, anywhere. Try For Free Get Started In Minutes Set up OptiSigns with our dedicated hardware or install our software on your device. No devices? Use your browser as a display with our web player . How it works See How it Works PLUG AND PLAY EXPERIENCE Get OptiSigns Hardware USE EXISTING HARDWARE download software 190,000+ Online Screens 30,000+ Organizations 163 Countries Based on 6300+ reviews Very user friendly, reliable, and cost effective. This system allows us to make instant changes from either our computer or our phone by using the app. We use OptiSigns every day and are constantly finding more features to use that we can benefit from. Jennifer Tames HR Manager, Hotel Del Coronado OptiSigns helped us transform our public spaces into engaging, visually stimulating, better communicating havens. Within a few hours of learning the system, we had it running and our students were blown away. Very easy to use right out of the box. Rudi Gesch Director, Sheboygan Christian School OptiSigns is the solution we were looking for - as our company grows, we are opening multiple offices. One of our best and most successful attempts to connect our locations and our employees is by using digital signage through OptiSigns. Rachel Kuhr Communications Manager, HOALiving We were looking to make our digital menus more attractive and achieved just that with OptiSigns! Easy to implement and now we have rotating hourly and daily menus that bring in more customers. Great customer support on top of that! Robert Herrera Owner, Les Cavistes Restaurant Try For Free Case Studies After starting with OptiSigns, our sales increased and the guest experience grew immensely. Megan Dial Manager, Super Chix Restaurant Case Studies With OptiSigns, people see that we built a lot of homes and they get a lot of  trust. Steve Gulledge President, Gulledge Homes Case Studies OptiSigns digital signage solution has played a significant role in providing unique experiences for Deerbrook Family Clinic patients by improving communication and personalizing their experience. Sandra González Patient Care Coordinator Digital Signage for Every Business Explore tailored digital signage solutions that fit your industry Manufacturing and Production Use digital signage solutions to streamline operations, boost productivity, and stay ahead of the competition. Retail You can create immersive shopping experiences that lead to increased sales by attracting foot traffic from the outside, guiding customers around the store and influencing their behavior with digital signage. Corporate Office & Communications You can quickly get your signs up and running in just minutes with our digital signage platform, enabling you to display a wide range of content, including corporate announcements, metrics, health and safety notices, and more across multiple displays. Healthcare Optimize patient flow, reduce wait times, simplify navigation and improve overall healthcare experiences. Restaurants Boost your sales and engage customers with our user-friendly digital signage solution, complete with free templates, easy setup, scheduling, interactive options, 150+ app integrations and more. Education Use digital signage to help communicate effectively with students, faculty, and visitors, showcase events and student work. Media and Marketing Agency Gain control over branding with your out-of-home advertising, and add more value to your customers with our digital signage software solution. Transportation & Logistics Improve communication and productivity with our digital signage platform by displaying real-time information about schedules, inventory, safety protocols, and other important updates to employees and customers,  leading to a better experience. Scroll for more Frequently Asked Questions What Is Digital Signage Software? Digital signage software, also called digital sign software, is a platform that helps you manage and display content on screens such as TVs, monitors, and kiosks. These digital signage solutions include a content management system (CMS) to organize and publish media, along with additional features specifically designed for screen-based communication. Our digital signage solutions allow you to schedule and deliver content, control screens remotely, create content playlists, and update messages in real time. The software often integrates with tools like workplace apps, data dashboards, and social media feeds. Digital signage software is purpose-built for sharing announcements, promotions, dashboards, or interactive content across multiple locations and devices. How Does Digital Signage Software Work? Our simple digital signage solution lets you create, manage, and schedule content like graphic designs, messages, or videos to share on screens over the internet. With our cloud-based software for digital signage, you can control content remotely across any number of screens or locations. It supports various file formats, giving you the freedom to mix content types and design digital displays that align with your business goals. Our flexible digital signage platform empowers businesses of all sizes to communicate effectively, whether they’re sharing promotions, meeting schedules, or internal announcements with the right audience at the right time. How Easy Is It to Set Up Digital Sign Software? Setting up digital sign software is simple. Start by choosing a compatible device or screen and following the setup instructions for your digital signage software solution. Once connected, you can upload your content and assign it to the appropriate screen or display. Our digital signage solutions feature a user-friendly interface with drag-and-drop tools and push-to-screens functionality, making it easy to deliver your message to the right audience. Anyone on your team can customize and publish content in minutes, and easily update the same content across multiple screens at once, regardless of your business size or industry. Feel free to start a free trial or explore our free digital signage software to get started today. If you have any questions about our signage solution, visit our Knowledge Base , or contact our support team at support@optisigns.com . What Kind of Content Can Be Displayed with Digital Signage Software? Our digital signage content management software allows your business to display dynamic and engaging content, including videos, slideshows, images, and text messages. You can showcase live weather forecasts, news updates, social media posts, promotional materials such as event announcements and menus, meeting schedules, employee recognition messages, and company news. Thanks to our digital signage software’s flexibility in supporting various file formats, you can mix and match different content types into playlists to create powerful displays that capture your audience’s attention and maximize impact, all while easily updating as many screens as you need at the same time. How Reliable Is Digital Sign Software for Continuous Operation? Our digital signage software can be operated continuously for extended periods without any issues, making it ideal for businesses that need reliable communication around the clock. Our digital signage solutions support 24/7-rated hardware, your screens can run uninterrupted without issues. As part of OptiSigns' complete digital signage platform, you'll also benefit from automatic updates, remote troubleshooting capabilities, and reliable customer support to ensure your digital signage network stays up and running. No matter where your audience is, you’ll have the tools to deliver the right message at any time. Level Up Your Business. Vibrant Screens, Engaged Audiences Start your FREE trial with OptiSigns today and create dynamic, eye-catching digital signage that captures attention and delivers results. Try For Free Connect with Us Send us a message and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible. First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Company * Purpose of contact? Select Sales Support Other Number of Screens? Select 1-10 11-25 26-100 100+ Tell us about your project* No Free Device Screen Free Device Screen URL Time stamp Thank You Your submission has been received, we will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Get started right now with our 14-Day FREE trial. No credit card required Try For Free Existing customers can contact support at any time: support@optisigns.com Talk To Sales Utilize OptiSigns to unlock your business' potential 4.8 4,000+ Capterra Reviews 4.7 2,300+ G2 Reviews Stay in the loop Email Address Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Products Digital Signage Engage Workplace Feeds Hardware Platform as a Service Mobile App Get Started Try For Free Downloads Pricing Industries Assisted Living Convenience Stores Corporate Office & Communications Education Financial Services Government Grocery Stores Gyms & Fitness Centers Healthcare Manufacturing and Production Media and Marketing Agency Religious Organizations Restaurants Retail Transportation & Logistics Resources What is Digital Signage? How It Works Blog Application Downloads Videos Integrations Support Center OptiSigns API Partnership Company Career Events About Us Contact Us 7676 Hillmont Street, #300, Houston, TX 77040 OptiSigns Inc. © 2023 All Rights Reserved Return Policy Privacy Statement Terms of Use Service Level Agreement