OptimAI Network: Mine Data. Fuel AI. Earn Rewards. Home Data Network OptimAI Nodes OptimAI Infrastructure Infrastructure Platform Search Engine Compute Engine Data DAO AI Agents Resources Docs Whitepaper Explorer Blog Download Node Your Data. Your Agent. Your Control. Web3 Data Layer enables Agentic AI System that Acts Like You. Get Started Available Now: Telegram Chrome Brave Opera Your browser does not support the video tag. Proudly backed by OptimAI Network DePIN Explorer Discover real-time insights and performance across decentralized nodes, powering AI with limitless data and compute potential. Explore Network Download Node Your browser does not support the video tag. Lite Nodes 0 Core Nodes 0 Edge Nodes 0 Uptimes 0% Unique IPs 0 Data Requests 0 Powering the Next Wave of GenAI Agents Evolution OptimAI Network's OP-Stack Layer2 Blockchain powers GenAI Agents with a community-driven Reinforcement Data Layer EVM Layer-2 Blockchain Experience the speed, efficiency and low transaction fees of our opRollup Layer-2 DePIN Network A decentralized node network offering limitless bandwidth, scalability, and computing power across platforms Data Mining From Crowd  Data Collection to Actionable Intelligence Data Validation High-Quality Data Through Collective Community Effort RLHF Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback GenAI Agents Driving the Era of Personalized and Limitless Super Intelligence The AI Revolution Needs Decentralized Data Become a data pioneer on OptimAI Network. Contribute, collaborate, and earn as we build the future of Super Intelligence together. Your browser does not support the video tag. How OptimAI Works Learn how OptimAI Network empowers individuals to craft a decentralized data ecosystem that fuels the next wave of AI innovation. Join The Global Force Download & Become an OptimAI Node A global community powers OptimAI DePIN, driving data scraping, validation, and reinforcement learning for GenAI agents, with nodes available across multiple platforms, ensuring seamless participation and scalability Download Node Maximize Your Device's Potential Contribute and Earn Rewards with OPI Tokens Join OptimAI DePIN and put your devices to work. Contribute computing power bandwidth, and feedback to earn OPI tokens and shape AI's future. Data Scraping Data Validation Edge Computing Bandwidth Sharing Super Intelligence That Learns and Adapts Decentralized Reinforcement Learning OptimAI uses a decentralized approach and advanced learning techniques to build AI agents that learn from diverse data and adapt to new situations, fostering robust, efficient, and ethical AI Domain Adaptation Transfer Learning Collaborative Learning Federated Learning Consensus You Can Trust Drive Consensus Secured by OP-Stack L2 Blockchain Contribute to a transparent, trustworthy AI ecosystem. The OP-Stack L2 Blockchain secures community consensus, ensuring data integrity and rewarding participation EVM Compatibility Instant Finality OP Stack Rollups Interoperable Download OptimAI Node Turn your device into an AI powerhouse. Download the OptimAI Node and effortlessly earn rewards. Desktop Core Node Earn rewards for sharing your internet bandwidth, AI computing power, and edge caching capabilities with the OptimAI  Desktop UI Node. Windows Mac Ubuntu CLI Node Deploy effortlessly with OptimAI CLI Node and generate passive income using your cloud resources. Windows Mac Ubuntu OptimAI Network Intelligence Services Redefine DePIN AI as a Service. Power next-gen AI Agents through a decentralized data platform. OptimAI Data Engine High-quality data is the foundation of intelligent AI. The OptimAI Data Engine collects, labels, validates, and curates data from diverse sources, ensuring a reliable foundation for AI development. Coming soon OptimAI Compute Engine Decentralized power for AI training and deployment. The OptimAI Compute Engine harnesses the collective strength of the community to efficiently train and run AI models, including cutting-edge techniques like edge computing and RLHF. Coming soon OptimAI Network Engine Seamless communication and data transfer for the AI ecosystem. The OptimAI Network Engine enables efficient bandwidth sharing, secure proxy services, and reliable content delivery. Coming soon OptimAI Marketplace A collaborative hub for AI innovation. Share, monetize, and discover AI datasets, models, and applications. The OptimAI Marketplace fosters collaboration and accelerates AI development. Coming soon OptimAI GenAI Platform Empowering the creation of advanced GenAI agents. Build, deploy, and explore the capabilities of next-generation AI that learns, adapts, and solves complex problems. Coming soon Previous slide Next slide Build GenAI Agents On Your Own Data. Transform your data into custom GenAI Agents, putting you in control and driving next-gen AI innovations. Build GenAI Agents On Your Own Data. Transform your data into custom GenAI Agents, putting you in control and driving next-gen AI innovations. Recent News Discover the latest news and updates about OptimAI Network Nov 02, 2025 OptimAI Core Node is Now Live: Power the OptimAI Network from Your Computer Nov 02, 2025 OptimAI October Recap: Scaling the Network, Expanding the Team, and Igniting Global Growth Oct 25, 2025 OptimAI Infrastructure: Web3 Search and Compute Engine Powering Agentic AI Oct 22, 2025 Inside the Core Node: How OptimAI Builds an Efficient, Scalable Data Network for Agentic Intelligence Oct 19, 2025 The Foundation: Core Nodes Power the OptimAI Network Oct 12, 2025 OptimAI Graduated from YZi Labs EASY Residency Season 1 View more Your browser does not support the video tag. Our Solutions • L2 Depin Blockchain • Reinforement Data layer • Optimai Nodes • GenAI Agents Resources • Whitepaper • Documentation • Latest News • Download Node Social Media Telegram Twitter Github © OptimAI Network 2025 Email: contact@optimai.network Privacy | Terms