Schedule a live demo (+1) 267 457 10 30
Solutions 
Partners
About Us
News
Contact
Platform
 

Schedule

Demo

Introducing the world's first "swiss-army knife" of your IT Service Delivery
 
Autonomous Service Delivery

Solve tickets without human intervention by using our proprietary AI robot, capable to fix more than 60% of user requests autonomously.

 
IT Full-Service Delivery

The first cloud platform to integrate 14 IT Service Management modules. Manage, monitor and proactively identify IT issues, protect data, optimize consumption and costs.

 
Innovating on each ITSM components

Better ITAM, more functional SAM, simpler and faster RMM, useful and relevant ITSM for your technicians. We improve on every ITSM function.

 
Integrated Customer Interaction Software

Optimum Desk’s user-friendly app helps the user get real-time support and find quick solutions through a simpler than ever to use interface.

Through our IT Full-Service Management Platform, our MSP partners are managing over
1.1 million End Points on the US market and growing!
7 reasons an MSP should implement Artificial Intelligence
Download my Free eBook
Autonomous Service Delivery

Adam Intop, our proprietary AI robot, Solves tickets without human intervention and also detects issues or potential risks on its own and recommends the best solutions to maximize the overall performance, safety and stability of your IT ecosystem.

Learn more 
Platform that integrates 14 modules for full service management

Protect and grow client`s businesses with Optimum Desk platform, a flexible set of 14 MSP solutions. Optimum Desk guarantees a better customer satisfaction, better SLA, reduced risks, higher service availability, great efficiency and an enhanced productivity.

Learn more 
Innovating on each ITSM component

Optimum Desk manages IT assets life-cycle by delivering superior IT Business Management Solutions for modern companies, empowering them with the right set of tools to prevent, identify, protect and manage the whole IT infrastructure fast and easy.

Learn more 
A unique blend of Customer Interaction and Endpoint Management Software and Cloud Management Platform

The Customer Interaction and Endpoint Management Software is designed to get troubleshooting done faster and easier, offering a seamless experience to the user for maximum productivity

Learn more 
Learn more 
Autonomous service delivery

Our AI based analyst, also known as Adam Intop, is a software agent we have designed to simplify the job of your technicians and make it more efficient to increase MSP’s performance.

The 10+1 tasks for autonomous customer support service:
Analysing Customer Requests
Picking-up where AI routine is Trained
Request Computer X-Ray and CT from Device
Analyze and Match with User Request
Send Resolving Routines
Execute resolving routines (with Screen Show)
Send New Computer X-Ray and CT from Device
Compare and Confirm
Request Customer Confirmation
Close or Escalate
Go the extra mile if found additional Proactive Computer Setup Interventions (one per request)

The first cloud platform which integrates 14 IT Service Management modules.

Company

About Us
Customers
Solutions
Contact Us

More

Adam Intop
Complex Platform
14 Modules
Innovation

Subscribe Now

Stay up to date with our latest news

Subscribe Now 
Privacy Terms and Conditions Terms Free Trial

© 2025 OptimumDesk

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use this site, you agree with it. OK