Group Fitness Classes & Heart Rate-Based Interval Training Skip to main content If you are looking for our Canadian website , please select your preferred language , please click the Continue button : English English Français Continue $2 a day to change your life. + Try a month unlimited. Love it or your money back. † Terms Apply. The Workouts Locations Memberships Own A Studio Shop English (United States) Español (Colombia) 日本語 (Japan) English (Canada) Français (Canada) English (United Kingdom) English (Australia) Español (Costa Rica) Español (Dominican Republic) Deutsch (Germany) Español (Guatemala) English (India) Español (Mexico) Español (Panama) Español (Peru) Español (Puerto Rico) English (Qatar) English (Bahrain) English (Saudi Arabia) Español (Spain) Dansk (Denmark) English (Colombia) English (Costa Rica) English (Germany) English (Denmark) English (Dominican Republic) English (Spain) English (Guatemala) English (Mexico) English (Panama) English (Peru) English (Puerto Rico) English (Kuwait) English (Japan) Free Class* Choose a Location. Voted USA Today's #1 Best Gym Burn Fat. Build Muscle. Experience the strength & cardio workout that delivers results that you can see and feel from the inside out. $2 a day to change your life + . Try a month unlimited. + Love it or your money back. † Plus, get free entry into our Transformation Challenge. Terms apply. FSA/HSA eligible The workout that works out well. Orangetheory combines full-body strength training with heart-pumping cardio to help you build strength now, while laying the foundation for long-term health. In weeks, most members notice the shift: more energy, a better mood, and real momentum. On average, members lose 8.6% body fat and gain 2.6% lean muscle from 18 classes in just 8 weeks. 1 That kind of progress is why millions of members across 1,500 studios worldwide have chosen Orangetheory to achieve their fitness goals. Not your thing after 30 days? No sweat—we’ll refund your money. † More personalized. Less pressure. You don’t need to be fit to get started. Just show up—we’ve got you. With expert coaching and OTconnect™ technology, every workout adjusts to your fitness level and your goals. Whether you’re easing in or pushing hard, we meet you with encouragement and support—not pressure. Every step forward builds a body—and mindset—that’s stronger than yesterday. Learn more about the workout. The workout that works for people like you. OTF has really kept me on track as part of my daily routine. It's one of the best decisions I have made for myself. Brad G OTF Midland I feel encouraged and not intimidated by the coaches, and thanks to the OTconnect performance monitor, I can go at my own pace and do what works for me. Nicole P OTF Waterford My initial goal was to get moving and increase my energy levels. In the process, I have lost over 20 pounds, lost inches, built muscles, and feel stronger than ever! Max D OTF Royal Palm Beach Start your fitness journey today. Search For Studios Orangetheory Fitness The Workout Locations Memberships Own A Studio Shop FAQ Book a Class Online Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play Membership Cancellation Select Your Location Our Mission, Vision & Values FAQ (including Mobile App) Press US Franchising International Franchising Customer Service Real Estate Global Studios Jobs Articles Shop Real Estate Do Not Sell My Information Affordable Care Act: Transparency in Coverage Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Policy Terms of Use Promotion Terms Download Our App Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play © 2011-2025 OTF Franchisor, LLC and its affiliations. All rights reserved. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older; however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35; however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms. Restrictions may apply; inquire at local studio for additional information. 1 Based on internal Orangetheory data from over 3,000 members who participated in an 8-week Transformation Challenge, measuring average fat loss and lean muscle gain. Supported by third-party findings in Quindry et al., 2021: “Physiologic and Psychologic Responses to a High Intensity Functional Training Program.” Journal of Exercise Physiology Online, 24(2), 79–91. † Offer limited to Premier members who complete 12 sessions within a month of membership start date. All sessions must be at the member’s home studio. Member must notify their home studio within 30 days of membership start date to initiate cancellation and receive refund of membership dues. OTBeat® sales are not refundable. Restrictions may apply; inquire at local studio for additional information. § New members only, additional restrictions may apply, inquire at local studio for more information. + Valid 12/26/25-1/31/26. New members only. Requires purchase of Premier membership & qualifying performance monitor. Discounted pricing applies to first month of membership only. Other terms apply, see studio for full details. Select your language Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Two way sms form Two way sms form end