Subscriptions For Serious Brands | Ordergroove Product Back Why Ordergroove? We help merchants thrive by putting relationships at the center of commerce. Subscriber Experience Delightful experiences shoppers will love Subscription-first Experiences Innovative, customized subscriptions with powerful APIs Flex Incentives Unique incentives that drive enrollment and retention Experiments A/B testing built for serious subscription brands Involuntary Churn Suite Diagnose, treat, and prevent involuntary churn Performance Optimize profitability through data insights and more Integrations Seamlessly plugin to your eCommerce platform and tools Frontier Enter a new era of AI-powered Relationship Commerce with a suite of AI, ML, and smart solutions Customer Success & Support Experts and resources to help you every step of the way Solutions Back Business Stage Launch Subscriptions Get started on your preferred eCommerce platform Migrate to Ordergroove Keep your existing subscribers as you improve your experience Scale Subscriptions Technology built for fast-growth and high-order volumes Industries Beauty & Personal Care Connected Devices Digital Learning & eLearning Direct Selling Fashion & Apparel Food & Beverage Health & Wellness Pet Supplies Retail & Home Goods Integrations Back Integrate with any eCommerce platform Ordergroove is platform agnostic and natively integrates with a variety of eCommerce platforms and tools. Customer Stories Back Company Back Relationship Commerce Transform one-time transactions into profitable customer relationships. Leadership Careers Press Security Contact Partners Resources Back How Bonafide grew cLTV by 50% with flexible subscriptions By switching to Ordergroove, Bonafide was able to offer a more personalized and flexible subscription offering that included bundles, cross-sells, and upsells catered to each subscriber’s individual needs. Watch video Case Studies Ordergroove Blog Webinars Guides & Reports Knowledge Center Login Back Get started Subscriptions for serious brands Deliver a subscription or membership experience that delights, extends customer lifetime value, and grows recurring revenue to unprecedented heights. Create curated experiences worth smiling about Deliver a subscription or membership experience that delights, extends customer lifetime value, and grows recurring revenue to unprecedented heights. Build the kind of brand loyalty that lasts a lifetime Deliver a subscription or membership experience that delights, extends customer lifetime value, and grows recurring revenue to unprecedented heights. Simplify shopping for your biggest fans (& their best friends) Deliver a subscription or membership experience that delights, extends customer lifetime value, and grows recurring revenue to unprecedented heights. Your Perfect Vitamin Routine Shipped free every quarter SAVE 15% Curated single origin subscription Roaster's Pick Rotating Club 2 Weeks Bundle life = best life! A 3-step routine kit to look your best! SUBSCRIBE Your personalized meal plan for Bosco: Grain Free  Beef Recipe SUBSCRIBE Get started "Ordergroove has great customer service, flexible open APIs, advanced reporting, constant innovations, and integrations. I would recommend Ordergroove to companies that want to take subscriptions to the next level and scale a subscription-first business." Nargiza Dakmak, Director of eCommerce, Bonafide "Ordergroove is built for fast-growing brands like ours. Their platform lets us deliver the kind of subscriber experience we’ve always envisioned: personalized, flexible, and engaging." Tara Roth-Sterger, Sr. Loyalty Program Manager, MANSCAPED "Ordergroove helped us enable a better subscriber experience that resulted in a much higher customer lifetime value and a drastic reduction in the number of support calls." Jennifer Peters, DTC Manager, OLLY "There is no one better equipped to handle Dollar Shave Club’s scale, depth, and innovation than Ordergroove. They're the most powerful and flexible subscription platform out there." Ranil Wiratunga, Chief Digital Officer & Global GM of DTC "Ordergroove let us innovate our subscriber experience holistically and really embed it across our entire ecosystem, from the website to the app. Now our growth has improved so much." Mike Woodall, Director of CRM & Subscriptions, Whisker "The support from Ordergroove has been awesome. Customer service is part of Ordergroove's culture in a way that it's not with other platforms we talked to." Jens nicolaysen, Co-founder & CMO, Shinesty "Before we fully implemented Ordergroove, our AOV was barely budging. It only took a couple of months of working with Ordergroove to see that number rise." Emily McCracken, Sr. Manager eCommerce, La Colombe "With Ordergroove’s advanced platform and real-time analytics, we're supported in our commitment to innovation while increasing customer satisfaction and retention." Sandra Campos, CEO & President, PetMeds "Ordergroove is an enterprise-ready platform that scales with our high-growth subscription business while providing the promotional flexibility our customers deserve. " Rachel Malone, Sr. Director of Product & eCommerce, ByHeart "With Ordergroove, our subscribers enjoy a seamless, user-friendly experience with more tailored, value-driven offers that extend customer lifetime value by meeting the needs of our customers." "Ordergroove has great customer service, flexible open APIs, advanced reporting, constant innovations, and integrations. I would recommend Ordergroove to companies that want to take subscriptions to the next level and scale a subscription-first business." Nargiza Dakmak, Director of eCommerce, Bonafide "Ordergroove is built for fast-growing brands like ours. Their platform lets us deliver the kind of subscriber experience we’ve always envisioned: personalized, flexible, and engaging." Tara Roth-Sterger, Sr. Loyalty Program Manager, MANSCAPED "Ordergroove helped us enable a better subscriber experience that resulted in a much higher customer lifetime value and a drastic reduction in the number of support calls." Jennifer Peters, DTC Manager, OLLY "There is no one better equipped to handle Dollar Shave Club’s scale, depth, and innovation than Ordergroove. They're the most powerful and flexible subscription platform out there." Ranil Wiratunga, Chief Digital Officer & Global GM of DTC "Ordergroove let us innovate our subscriber experience holistically and really embed it across our entire ecosystem, from the website to the app. Now our growth has improved so much." Mike Woodall, Director of CRM & Subscriptions, Whisker "The support from Ordergroove has been awesome. Customer service is part of Ordergroove's culture in a way that it's not with other platforms we talked to." Jens nicolaysen, Co-founder & CMO, Shinesty "Before we fully implemented Ordergroove, our AOV was barely budging. It only took a couple of months of working with Ordergroove to see that number rise." Emily McCracken, Sr. Manager eCommerce, La Colombe "With Ordergroove’s advanced platform and real-time analytics, we're supported in our commitment to innovation while increasing customer satisfaction and retention." Sandra Campos, CEO & President, PetMeds "Ordergroove is an enterprise-ready platform that scales with our high-growth subscription business while providing the promotional flexibility our customers deserve. " Rachel Malone, Sr. Director of Product & eCommerce, ByHeart "With Ordergroove, our subscribers enjoy a seamless, user-friendly experience with more tailored, value-driven offers that extend customer lifetime value by meeting the needs of our customers." Ordergroove works with your business at every stage of your subscription journey . Engineered to spark growth and put your recurring revenue engine into overdrive, Ordergroove unlocks your next subscription evolution. Launch Kickstart your subscriptions success story with powerful out-of-the-box features and reliable onboarding support. Kickstart your success Migrate Upgrade and customize your experience for maximum revenue, boosted LTV, better performance, and happier subscribers. Upgrade your experience Scale Ignite subscription growth with software trusted by the world’s largest enterprise and subscription-first brands. Ignite your growth Subscriptions for serious brands Accelerate subscriber enrollment with flexible incentives The only incentive structure that allows you to personalize subscriber incentives, maximizing enrollment and reward ongoing loyalty. Use every lever to maximize your customer lifetime value. Grow your subscriber base Boost customer retention and watch recurring revenue soar Get a 360° view of performance with the most powerful self-serve analytics. Deep dive into critical metrics and their drivers to optimize your subscriber experience. You’ll discover new ways to grow recurring revenue and generate sales you never thought possible. Increase retention & revenue Delight shoppers with value-packed experiences Our flexible APIs power the most innovative, market-defining shopping experiences. From guided selling quizzes to build-your-own box, curation to membership, you can build anything you dream up. Create memorable experiences Get dedicated support through implementation and beyond Our dedicated customer success team will help you launch an industry-leading subscription experience that can drive immediate results and scale recurring revenue that supports your ambitious growth goals. Get expert guidance Build relationships no matter where (or what) you’re selling Ordergroove is platform-agnostic so your subscriptions are future-proofed. We integrate with all eCommerce platforms and support all payment processors. So feel free to mix up your tech stack. Ordergroove, along with your loyal subscribers, will stay by your side. Explore our integrations Bonafide transforms into a best-in-class subscription-first brand while unlocking 79% more sales with Ordergroove View case study Inside the industry-leading enrollment strategy that doubled Clarins’ subscription revenue View case study How e.l.f. Cosmetics leveraged Ordergroove Flex Incentives to unlock 62% recurring revenue growth View case study Whisker trades in homegrown tech, unlocking 14% recurring revenue growth in 4 months View case study How Dollar Shave Club’s move off homegrown lowered costs and unlocked innovation View case study Curated subscriptions and brand differentiation are Stumptown’s perfect blend for more recurring revenue View case study OLLY grew their subscriber base by 73% in 12 months thanks to Ordergroove View case study How La Colombe grew their subscriber base by 41% with Ordergroove View case study How Philip Kingsley realized their subscription vision after migrating from a homegrown system View case study Integrate subscriptions on any eCommerce platform How subscriptions power 35% of OLLY's business Hear how OLLY slashed churn and boosted subscription performance with Ordergroove’s superior subscriber experience and analytics. Watch video Put your recurring revenue engine into overdrive. Get started Putting relationships at the center of commerce to help all merchants thrive. 382 NE 191st Street, Suite 56661 Miami, FL 33179 Products Why Ordergroove Flex Incentives Subscriber Experience Performance Integrations Subscription-first Experiences Customer Success & Support Get started Solutions By Strategy Launch Subscriptions Migrate to Ordergroove Scale Subscriptions By Platform Shopify Plus Commercetools Shopify Salesforce Magento BigCommerce Adobe Commerce Custom Cart Company Contact Careers Leadership Press Partners Security Resources Blog Case Studies Webinars Guides & Reports Knowledge Center © 2025 Ordergroove. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Settings