O'Reilly Media - Technology and Business Training Skip to Main Content For Enterprise For Government For Higher Ed For Individuals For Content Marketing For Enterprise For Government For Higher Ed For Individuals For Content Marketing Explore Skills Features All Features Verifiable Skills AI Academy Courses Certifications Interactive Learning Live Events Superstreams Answers Insights Reporting Radar Blog Buy Courses Close Search Plans Sign In Try Now O’Reilly Platform Here’s a holiday card from us to you. Build the skills your teams need Give your teams the O’Reilly learning platform and equip them with the resources that drive business outcomes. Request a demo Try it free From the Radar blog More posts Verifiable skills: Close key gaps and prove your ability Personalized learning with structured courses that teach today’s most critical skills, tailored to only what you need to know. Python Power BI Java Kubernetes Learn more Level up with expert-led live courses Reserve your seat for interactive workshops to gain hands-on experience—and ask questions along the way. Pick your events O’Reilly Experts We share the knowledge of innovators. You put it to work. Tech teams love tapping into the minds of innovators through our expert-led courses, renowned text-based content, and bite-size online Superstream tech conferences. Arianne Dee Software developer Sari Greene Cybersecurity practitioner Bruno Gonçalves Senior data scientist Neal Ford Software architect Kelsey Hightower Software engineer Ken Kousen Java Champion More than 5,000 organizations count on O’Reilly The 2025 O’Reilly Awards winners are in! Learn who best put the O’Reilly learning platform to work for their organization and what the judges were looking for in winning submissions. See the results Hear why Jose is on O’Reilly every day Jose, a principal software engineer, trusts our learning platform to filter what his teams need to know to stay ahead. See why Addison loves our learning platform Addison always appreciated O’Reilly books, but the learning platform helped take her skills to the next level. Amir trusts O’Reilly to find the answers he needs. See why. For over eight years Amir has counted on our learning platform whether he needs proven methods to learn new technologies or the latest management tips. Mark’s been an O’Reilly member for 13 years. See why. Mark credits the O’Reilly learning platform with helping him to stay ahead at every turn throughout his tech career. See more testimonials See how O’Reilly can help your tech teams stay ahead Request a  demo Try it free Follow us linkedin logo youtube logo About O’Reilly Teach/Write/Train Careers O’Reilly News Media Coverage Community Partners Affiliate Program Submit an RFP Diversity Content Sponsorship Support Contact Us Newsletters Privacy Policy AI Policy International Australia & New Zealand Japan Download the O’Reilly App Take O’Reilly with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet. Watch on Your Big Screen View all O’Reilly videos, virtual conferences, and live events on your home TV. Do not sell or share my personal information . © 2025, O’Reilly Media, Inc.  All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners. Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • Editorial Independence • Modern Slavery Act Statement