AI Detector - Most Accurate AI Content Checker for ChatGPT - Originality.ai Sign Up Pricing Features AI Checker Plagiarism Checker Fact Checker Readability Checker Grammar Checker Bulk Scan Content Optimizer Integrations Chrome Extension WordPress Plugin Moodle Plugin API Resources Blog Support Testimonials Press Contact Education Enterprise Login Sign Up Most Accurate AI Detector Our AI Detector, available for free below, is the Most Accurate AI Detector for GPT-5, ChatGPT, Claude 4, Gemini 2.5, Grok 3 and all other Popular AI writing tools. Prove Your Writing is Your Own… With our free Chrome Extension you can watch a replay of how a document was created. Add to Google Docs This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Trusted by Industry Leaders A complete suite of QA/QC products AI Checker, Plagiarism, Content Optimization, Readability & More! Originality.ai offers a complete suite of patented AI tools for writers, students, editors, marketers, web publishers, and educators including, AI detection, Plagiarism Checking , Fact Checking & Grammar Checking . Deep Scan › See why text is flagged as AI + how to ethically edit it, so your work is identified as original (not AI)! AI Checker › Most Accurate AI Detector for all AI writing tools. Try now for free. Plagiarism Checker › See if text has been plagiarized from anywhere on the internet. Content Optimizer › AI-powered content optimization that helps your content predictably rank better in Google. Readability Checker › Optimize readability for your target audience to communicate clearly. Bulk Scan › Scale content QA and scan an entire website’s content easily. Grammar Checker › Say goodbye to typos. Catch grammar and spelling errors before you publish. Fact Checker › Use our fact checking aid to help ensure your content is factually correct. Sign up to access the full version   › How to use Originality.ai Step 1 Paste or Upload Text Login to Originality.ai and paste your text into the editor. You may also upload a PDF to check if a document was written by AI or enter a URL for scanning. Step 2 Select Scan Types Select your desired scan types like AI, Plagiarism, Content Optimization, Readability, Grammar OR Fact Checker to scan your text against. Step 3 Click Scan Click on the Scan button and get scores for each scan type with detailed explanations and sentence highlights wherever applicable. Sign up to access the full version   › Patented AI Checker & Content Quality Tools Read more   › We have built the most accurate AI checker with the extra features you need to be able to hit publish with integrity! Our complete patented content quality solution includes our accurate AI Checker, Plagiarism Checker, Readability Checker, Fact Checker and Grammar Checker. Using Originality.ai allows you to ensure all content meets your standards. We are not against AI generated content, but believe that YOU should be the one making the decision on if and when you publish it. Do you want your writers to copy and paste their text from ChatGPT without you knowing? Originality.ai identified As The Most Accurate AI Detector Across Multiple Studies Most Accurate AI Checker Our AI-Generated Text Detector has repeatedly been shown to be the most accurate at detecting AI-generated content by both our internal testing and 3rd party peer-reviewed research papers. Across all Large Language Models (LLMs) including GPT-5, Claude 4 Opus, Claude 4 Sonnet, GPT4.1, ChatGPT4o, Gemini 2.5, Claude 3.7, DeepSeek V3 and other popular AI writing tools we are able to detect AI generated text. Any AI Detectors accuracy claim that is not supported with an in-depth analysis, should be viewed skeptically. Study Empirical study of AI-generated detection tools The effectiveness of software designed to detect AI-generated writing RAID: Benchmark for robust evaluation of machine-generated detectors Great Detectives: Humans vs. AI detectors in LLM-generated writing Characterizing the increase in AI content detection in Oncology Scientific Abstracts Students using LLMs and AI detectors Results Shown Accuracy comparison of AI text detection tools on AH&AITD Percentage correct for GPT-4 papers Mean accuracy at FPR=5% for detectors on non-adversarial outputs Mean accuracy for ChatGPT-generated and AI rephrased articles Mean AUROC of GPT-3.5 vs. human-written, GPT-4 vs. human-written, mixed human/GPT-3.5 vs. human-written, mixed human/GPT-4 vs. human-written, translated vs, human-written Mean accuracy for (a) human vs. AI and (b) human vs. disguised Originaltiy.ai 97.09 100 85 100 87.9 86.5 GPTZero 63.77 57 67 45 77.28 84.5 Writer 69.05 40 Not included Not included Not included Not included CopyLeaks Not included 100 Not included Not included Not included Not included TurnItIn Not included 100 Not included 62 Not included Not included Binoculars Not included Not included 80 Not included Not included Not included FastDetectGPT Not included Not included 74 Not included Not included Not included ZeroGPT Not included 83 66 92 Not included 85 GPT-2 Output Detector Not included Not included Not included 85 Not included Not included Sapling 66.66 33 Not included Not included 75.92 Not included Winston Not included Not included 71 Not included Not included 77 GPTkit 55.29 Not included Not included Not included Not included Not included Zylalab 68.23 Not included Not included Not included Not included Not included SEO.ai Not included 83 Not included Not included Not included Not included Scribbr Not included 69 Not included Not included Not included Not included Grammica Not included 62 Not included Not included Not included Not included Crossplag Not included 69 Not included Not included Not included Not included OpenAI Not included 40 Not included Not included Not included Not included IvyPanda Not included 40 Not included Not included Not included Not included GPTRadar Not included 31 71 Not included Not included Not included Content at Scale Not included 52 Not included 50 Not included Not included ContentDetector.ai Not included 7 Not included Not included Not included Not included GLTR Not included Not included 63 Not included Not included Not included RoBERTa-Base (GPT2) Not included Not included 59 Not included Not included Not included RoBERTa-Large (GPT2) Not included Not included 57 Not included Not included Not included RoBERTa-Base (ChatGPT) Not included Not included 45 Not included Not included Not included LLMDet Not included Not included 35 Not included Not included Not included Studies on "Do AI Detectors work?" 3rd Party AI Detection Accuracy Studies Originality.ai was shown to be the most accurate AI detector across multiple published studies. Including the most in depth analysis to date looking at 12 detectors and 11 LLMs. Read more › Internal AI Detection Benchmark & Study Our detector was the most accurate across multiple publicly available datasets tested covering blog posts, books, research papers, essays, news, wiki and reviews. We built and open-sourced a testing tool to help others replicate on their own data. Read more › Our unfair advantage Why are we most accurate? AI Detectors without an in-depth analysis verified by third party studies should be used with caution. Sign up now   › Proven Third-Party Accuracy You don’t just need to take our word for it. Independent third-party studies have also found the Originality.ai AI detector to be exceptionally accurate. Accurate on Latest Models We are constantly testing our AI detection models against the latest flagship models from OpenAI, Anthropic, Meta and other leading LLM providers. Built and Trained on “Adversarial” Datasets We actively test AI tools that change, modify, or edit text. Once our team identifies a strategy that attempts to hide AI-altered text, we improve our AI detector to ensure it is detectable by our AI detection tool. Prove you wrote it with writing replays No False Positives With our AI Detection Chrome Extension writers and students can confidently show their writing is their own. It’s peace of mind that your work won’t be incorrectly accused of being AI (and produce a false positive). Is it AI? Show clients and teachers the behind the scenes process so they can see how a Google Doc was created with sped up character by character/word by word replay. Free AI Checker Chrome Extension Benefits of Our Free AI Detector Chrome Extension Quick scan Check for AI Content on Any Website Quickly With our Chrome Extension you can check any webpage to see if it is AI written text. Easy copy paste Quickly Check Content Using our Copy/Paste Window Easy-to-use copy and paste text window: check content within any text editor or CMS (like Wordpress). Identify Copy Paste Watch a Writer Write Peace of mind for writers and students. Watch a writer write the entire document with a sped up behind the scenes look and shareable report. Document History Check Writing Activity by Author See a history of writing sessions (table & graph), durations, authors, and number of characters to verify if content is Original. Free AI Checker Chrome Extension Features Our Enterprise and Education Customers Love Security, Privacy, Controls & API We understand the unique needs of high-volume web publishers, agencies, schools, and education institutions who need transparency at scale. Don’t risk the negative impacts of Google search traffic dropping or AI writing in student assignments. Sign up now   › Team Management Add, remove and monitor usage of your organization's users. Assign roles as Admin, Manager or User to limit individual ability to access the whole set of features. AI Checker API Reliable, Full-Featured, and Fast API Access. See the AI detection API your developers will love. Your Text is Encrypted TLS 1.2 or higher is achieved with our end-to-end military grade 256 bit encryption. Your content is highly protected, even our back-end engineers can’t access it. Data Not Used in Training Optionally opt-in or opt-out of your data being used in future AI training. A Complete QA/QC Solution Get a full suite of QA/QC features from plagiarism checking to fact checking and readability. Publish with integrity. 1-Click Delete Scan History Easily delete all your scan history in 1 click. Keep your scan and Originality reports history organized. Sentence Level Highlighting Our AI content detector will highlight sentences indicating the probability of whether or not each sentence was AI written or human written. What Is the Best AI Detector Model for Your Needs? Patented Industry Leading Models That Fit Your Use Case The use of AI in content writing is nuanced. We have models that are tuned to your specific use case. Whether you allow AI editing or want NO AI to get past your review we have a model that is optimized for your approach to AI text detection. For Writers & Editors Lite 1.0.2 When you allow AI editing (think grammarly) 99% accurate at detecting AI content. 0.5% false positive rate. Allows for some light AI editing. Detects heavily AI-edited text. For Students & Teachers Academic Best for education use cases 99%+ accurate at detecting AI content. <1% false positive rate. Detect AI in academic writing. Robust detection for AI-polished text. For Professionals Turbo Zero tolerance policy on use of AI 99%+ accurate at detecting AI content. 1.5% false positive rate. Robust against AI-edited text. Does not allow for AI editing. For Non-English Texts Multi Language Optimized for 30 Languages Including Spanish, Portuguese, French, German, Dutch, Arabic and many other languages. Removes language barriers globally. Automatically detects the language. Features of our AI Detector for Writers & Students Prove Your Work or Assignment is Original Our industry-leading AI detector provides you with the ability to accurately identify AI content, correct accidental AI plagiarism, and share reports to show your writing is Original. Sign up now   › Shareable Reports Easily share the results. Show your text is Original with a shareable link. Edit Streamline editing in-app with our fully featured text editor and then scan again. Export Easily export text with one-click copy pasting to Google Docs or Microsoft Word for further editing. Highlighting See what sections of the text is most likely to be identified as AI-generated. Scan History See a complete history of all scans that you can reference in the future as needed. PDF Report Download a PDF report showing if the text is Likely AI or Original. Key Originality.ai Features Factual Accuracy Real-time fact checking; check the latest facts (no training date cutoffs) Avoid AI hallucinations like the AI book scandal Save time with context and source links to verify facts fast More Accurate than GPT-5: Our fact checker outperformed existing LLMs in our latest testing Is your content factually correct?  › Plagiarism Checking Identify global plagiarism with 99.5% accuracy Surpasses competitors like Copyscape, Grammarly and Turnitin Modern plagiarism detection Catch copy-paste and complex plagiarism types like paraphrase and patchwork Shareable report to prove that writing is original and authentic Identify plagiarism in your text  › Readability & Grammar Checking The popular “aim for Grade 8 readability” target is wrong . Our readability scores are based on a modern study of what actually ranks well in Google! Easily spot grammar and spelling issues and then refine copy in 1 click with ‘Fix issues’ Scale grammar and spelling checks with an API Write readable, grammatically correct text for your audience  › Originality.ai is Built For… Marketers, Writers & Publishers Transparently check for AI text to avoid Google penalties Maintain brand integrity Bulk scan to understand AI usage site-wide Stay ahead with Predictive SEO Check factual accuracy (avoid AI hallucinations) Detect plagiarism and duplicate content Streamline workflow with a WordPress Plugin Create engaging people-first, human-written content that’s rank-worthy and readable Scan your entire site with Originality.ai  › Teachers & Students Uphold integrity and transparency across: assignments, essays, coursework, papers Moodle Plugin : easily check for AI content and plagiarism in Moodle LMS Peace of mind for students with a Free Chrome Extension to ‘Watch a Writer Write’ Deep Scan: See why text is flagged as AI + how to ethically edit it, so your work is identified as original (not AI)! Check papers, assignments, and essays for AI  › Agencies & Enterprise Manage client & writer expectations for AI use Integrate a process for AI detection, plagiarism checking, and factual accuracy at scale Streamline editorial processes across teams with team management and report sharing Content QA that scales with your brand  › Integrations: Extensions & Plugins Works anywhere Seamlessly integrate our AI Checker into your favorite platforms like Chrome, WordPress, Moodle and more. Check for AI use without skipping a beat. Chrome extensions Wordpress plugin Moodle API Flexible Pricing Protect your reputation & improve your content quality by accurately detecting plagiarized content and artificially generated text. See Originality.ai pricing   › Kityo Martin CEO & Founder of ClickingPublish.com At Clicking Publish, producing original, high-quality content is essential to our success. To maintain these standards, it's important that we verify the work from freelancers and outsourced writers. Originality.ai makes this process easy for us by providing a simple and efficient tool that ensures the content we receive meets our expectations. The Best AI Checker - Customers Love Originality.ai Sam Saltis Originality is a great tool for detecting AI content. The product has been invaluable for our content marketing team . Fernanda and the team are always very responsive and helpful. Highly recommend this product. Miguel Maloney Thompson I have the opportunity to make sure that my writing is plagiarism-free , and with a lot of AI-generated content around, I can ensure my writing does not get flagged as just another to the bunch. I do technical writing where there are only so many ways to describe concepts and ideas. However, Originality.ai gives me the opportunity to personalize my writing even more , which is an advantage. With some time, I can give my content a sense of uniqueness. John Kohn Reliable and trustworthy . Originality is always so quick to respond to my questions and lend a helping hand. It’s a very good tool for detecting ChatGPT use on academic papers, especially with the "view writing" feature which shows the text being typed by the student as they were typing it. Stevie Lambert AI is accurate compared to free choices and the support staff like Ellie are very helpful. The interface is easy to use and shows a % chance of the work being AI . It’s also, nice that it shows what parts may be AI or not. Aptidus The service provided is exceptional, offering the most accurate and reliable AI detector available on the market . The customer support team is exceptionally responsive. Gbas gbos Originality's AI checker and plagiarism detector are absolutely phenomenal —by far the best I have used (yes, I used all of Winston, GPT zero, etc.). The Turbo model is CRAZY good! Vivek Pandey There are lots of similar AI detection tools available online but nothing comes even close to what they offer . I can't trust any other tools other than theirs. Have tried maybe 20-30 other websites and settled with them. Yanmin Wang I had an excellent experience with the support team at Originality.ai. They were incredibly responsive and provided clear, detailed answers to all my questions. The explanations were thorough, and I now have a much better understanding of how the platform works and how my content is handled. The team was patient and professional and went above and beyond to ensure all my concerns were addressed . I truly appreciate their help and the top-notch customer service they provide. Highly recommended! Canadian Law Student Originality.ai is the best tool on the market . I have used comparable services and this one is exceptional. It provides an accurate report with a match score which really helps writers/researchers adjust and improve their work. There are also advanced features such as paraphrase detection which are not available with any other comparable service. The features provided by Originality.ai are exceptional for users who want to avoid plagiarism and also improve their research process . I hope to continue using Originality.ai for many years to come. John Willsdon This is a really helpful tool. Certainly the best of the AI detectors I tried. What makes it great is that you also get a bunch of other tools that are really helpful. The fact checker is awesome , it gives you feedback on whether or not points in your essay are factual or not by reading the source material in your citations. Todd I have been using this tool since the start! And it has saved me many times . Many times when checking clients' sites the problem was AI content or plagiarism. Chris Swanson When I hire writers, I want 100% human-written content. I depend upon Originality.ai to check this for me . Dirk Berger Originality.ai saved me from making a big mistake. I have written a book with the help of ChatGPT, 40% of my work is AI; 60% is human. It identified the AI, and now I am writing it all by myself. 88-100% human. Thank you Originality.ai . Rob McTavish I started to look for an easy tool to confirm my suspicions over some of the material being submitted by my students in first-year Communication courses. I found Originality.ai and tried it out. It worked so well that I actually tested it out with some material I created using AI as an example and sure enough, it perfectly determined which was my work, what was totally AI-written, and what was edited AI material . Andrew Stevenson Originality.ai has been remarkable in its ability to detect AI content . The customer service is also incredible in how thorough and responsive they are. Highly recommend this program. Pieter Steenkamp I found Originality.ai to be the best AI detector. I use it for my student's assignments and recommend it to my colleagues. JC Playz Originality really lives up to the expectations, it's super reliable and has the best detector for AI. Now I can understand why so many people use it such as professionals. Trish McLean Incredible experience. Excellent product. Very easy to use, thorough and informative. Brady was incredibly helpful on the chat. He carefully checked my document to see why it had a high score for AI and then explained it to me. He provided individualized advice on how to move forward. Excellent! Thank you Brady. Joseph Bereber Customer service is top-notch. Not only are they super accommodating, they are also super helpful. The tools on Originality.ai are also incredibly accurate and very useful. I've had nothing but positive experiences using this service. Peter Stuart Originality.ai is by far the best AI detector tool . We have used other tools to detect AI in content but we have found that Originality.ai is by far the most accurate. This, combined with flexible payment plans to suit individual requirements and sharp customer support. Originality.ai is a no-brainer if you are looking for an AI detection solution. View All Testimonials   › In the Press Most Trusted AI Detector by Industry Leaders Jennifer Korn How companies are embracing generative AI for employees…or not Many prominent companies have entirely blocked internal ChatGPT use, including JPMorgan Chase , Northrup Grumman, Apple, Verizon, Spotify and Accenture, according to AI content detector Originality.AI, with several citing privacy and security concerns. Read more › Ben Schreckinger AI vs. public opinion Originality.ai, a site that provides detection services for AI-generated content and plagiarism, published a convenient tracker that lists the 10 pending lawsuits against OpenAI and ChatGPT. Read more › Betsy Reed Mushroom pickers urged to avoid foraging books on Amazon that appear to be written by AI Four samples from the books were examined for the Guardian by Originality.ai, a US firm that detects AI content. Read more › Steven Lee Myers & Tiffany Hsu Another Side of the A.I. Boom: Detecting What A.I. Makes More than a dozen companies have popped up to offer services aimed at identifying whether photos, text and videos are made by humans or machines. Read more › Generative AI: hype not hyperintelligence is lifting values Generative artificial intelligence could produce magic in the sky , says Sam Altman founder of pioneering start-up OpenAI. Successful entrepreneurs are entitled to make visionary statements. Read more › Sara Fischer Major websites are blocking AI crawlers from accessing their content Nearly 20% of the top 1000 websites in the world are blocking crawler bots that gather web data for AI services, according to new data from Originality.AI , an AI content detector. Read more › Andrea Taloni, Vincenzo Scorcia, and Giuseppe Giannaccare Modern threats in academia: evaluating plagiarism and artificial intelligence detection scores of ChatGPT Plagiarism and research integrity are sensitive issues in the academic setting, especially after the recent offspring of artificial intelligence (AI) and large language models (LLMs) such as GPT-4.0 [1] . Read more › Sara Guaglione Why publishers are questioning the effectiveness of blocking AI web crawlers A number of publishers — including Bloomberg and The New York Times — were quick to block OpenAI’s web crawler from accessing their sites , to protect their content from getting scraped and used to feed the artificial intelligence tech company’s large language models (LLMs). Read more › View All Press   › Frequently Asked Questions Is There an Originality.ai Free Trial? Is Originality.ai free, or is there a free Originality trial? There is not currently a free trial of Originality.ai. As an alternative, we offer a free AI content detection tool (a limited free version of our industry-leading AI Checker) on this page. Try the AI copy detector and check if something was written by AI, before reviewing our flexible pricing options. Have a question? Reach our exceptional support team here . What is the best plagiarism checker? Are you wondering, ‘What is the most accurate plagiarism checker?’ — Originality.ai offers the best plagiarism checker with up to 99.5% accuracy in identifying global plagiarism, 41% accuracy in detecting paraphrase plagiarism, and up to 67.5% accuracy in detecting patchwork plagiarism. ‍ Originality.ai is the most accurate of all plagiarism checkers tested. For a complete analysis of comparative accuracy to competitors, visit our Plagiarism Accuracy Study (as a quick snapshot of comparative accuracy for patchwork plagiarism: Copyscape 30% vs. Grammarly 51% vs. Turnitin 52%). Does Originality.ai Provide Paraphrase Detection? Yes, Originality.ai offers an industry-leading AI detector for identifying AI-generated and AI paraphrased content. ‍ Our AI detector is trained to identify if content has been paraphrased (tools like Quillbot) or if AI tools have heavily edited/restructured text (see our accuracy study for more insights). ‍ If a piece of text, regardless of whether it started as AI or Human, is run through a paraphrasing tool like Quillbot, Originality.ai will identify the content as AI-generated 95% of the time. ‍ Read more about Paraphrase Plagiarism Checker ‍ Detection accuracy for our paraphrase checker What Are AI Detection False Positives? False positives do occur and can be painful. At Originality.ai, based on our accuracy study , our Lite model has a 0.5% false positive rate, our Turbo model has a 1.5% false positive rate, and our Academic model has a <1% false positive rate. ‍ The AI researchers and machine learning engineers at Originality are working constantly to both improve detection accuracy and reduce false positives. ‍ We are heavily focused on equipping writers with tools to help them prove their content’s Originality, which is why we developed a free Chrome Extension that allows anyone to visualize the creation process of a Google Doc. Watch our Chrome Extension tutorial ! What Can Cause False Positives? False positives in AI detection do occur, and false positive rates can vary widely by AI detection tool and brand. When choosing an AI detector , it is essential to check not only the tool’s accuracy rate but its false positive rate as well. ‍ 7 tips to reduce false positives: An AI detection score of 60% Original and 40% AI is not a false positive. It correctly predicted with 60% confidence that your content was Original. The AI confidence score means it is 60% confident that the content is Original (not that 60% of the text was Original and 40% was AI). Editing AI-written content is not a false positive - it is a true positive. Having AI edit your work is not a false positive - it is a true positive. Be mindful that when AI changes the content (such as with some Grammarly features ), it can cause the entire article to be flagged as AI. Avoid “Cyborg” writing, which uses several AI tools to create an outline, suggest edits, and optimize the content. This can increase the chance of a higher AI score. Instead, to leverage predictive SEO for human-written content, use our content optimizer , similar to SurferSEO or MarketMuse. Avoid strange formatting, which can reduce the accuracy of detector tools, causing an increase in false positives or false negatives. Not to mention that readers prefer well-structured and consistently formatted, readable content. The shorter the text, the less accurate the detection score; we recommend 100 words (minimum). Have a question about our AI detector? Our exceptional support team is here to help . What Do You Do if You Have Been Falsely Accused of Using AI? See our in-depth guide on avoiding and managing AI detector false positives (when human-written content is identified as AI-written text by an AI detector). ‍ Students : Share resources on AI detection accuracy with your teacher or professor, then demonstrate your creation or writing process with our free Chrome Extension. An AI detection score alone should not be used for academic integrity discipline. ‍ Writers : Write content in a Google Doc and share the free Originality.ai Chrome Extension with clients. That way, if there is a false positive, you can prove you created the document. Share how we recommend people use the AI detection score . AI detection is not the same as plagiarism checking and should have a more nuanced approach to what is and is not acceptable. ‍ Agencies : The first thing any content agency needs to do is define: Is AI acceptable? If it is acceptable, to what extent can AI tools be used? If it’s not acceptable, what is the approach to content review? How will AI guidelines be communicated to clients? It’s best practice to get everyone on the same page about AI use right from the start. Get tips on how to incorporate AI guidelines into freelance writing contracts in our guide . ‍ If you have clients who accuse your agency of producing AI content rather than human, refer to your company's policy/procedure for checking work and show the scan history of the writer's work. What Is the Most Reliable AI Detector? Wondering “ what is the best AI checker? ” or “ what is the most accurate AI detector? ” Originality.ai is the most accurate AI content detector , producing the fewest false positives while also being an industry-leader in accurately identifying a piece of content (human or AI) that has been paraphrased. ‍ Several third-party studies have also evaluated Originality.ai’s accuracy; check out a meta-analysis of studies . ‍ At Originality.ai, we offer a full suite of patented content quality tools , alongside the Originality AI detector, including the best plagiarism checker AI tool, readability, fact-checking, and SEO. ‍ To compare the best AI detectors, check out our guide with reviews on the best AI detection tools . What AI Checker Do Colleges Use? We’ve seen the question pop up a few times: “ Can colleges tell if you use AI? ” Originality.ai is one of the top AI detectors used by colleges and universities for research. Learn more about which AI checkers colleges use to check if writing is AI. How Accurate Is the Originality.ai AI Content Detection Tool? Are you wondering, “ Which AI detector is most accurate? ” When we tested the Originality AI Checker on the latest AI models, Originality.ai Lite demonstrated 99% accuracy, and Originality.ai Turbo demonstrated 99%+ accuracy. ‍ To see a comparison of accuracy rates, please visit our Accuracy Study . ‍ Then, read a meta-analysis of 3rd-party studies , get insight into what false positives are (and how to avoid them), and find out which AI detection model is best for you (Lite, Academic, Turbo, or Multilingual). ‍ We've included an image below from our testing on GPT-4, a previous OpenAI model. It's what's known as a “confusion matrix” that is used to assess the accuracy of an AI prediction machine. ‍ Each prediction our AI makes on a test dataset is grouped into one of four buckets: True Positive : AI detector correctly identified AI content as AI False Negative : AI detector incorrectly identified AI content as Human False Positive : AI detector incorrectly identified Human content as AI True Negative : AI detector correctly identified Human content as Human The image below shows a previous confusion matrix for Originality tested on GPT-4-generated content (for the latest confusion matrix based on our new models, see our Accuracy Study ). What Is AI-Generated Text? AI-generated text is text (words) that is written by artificial intelligence (AI), specifically using Large Language Models (LLMs). ‍ The most common example is OpenAI’s ChatGPT, which is an AI using OpenAI’s NLP Models (GPT-3, GPT-3.5, GPT-5) to understand a user's prompt and provide a written response. ‍ For the purposes of AI text detection, we aim to flag any content that has been meaningfully changed by AI. ‍ We try to take an approach that is consistent when defining What is Plagiarism “presenting work or ideas from another source as your own,” when training our AI detection model and running an AI writer check. ‍ Slight editing with Grammarly or similar is NOT considered AI-generated. ‍ Here is what we think should and should not be classified as AI-generated content : AI-Generated and Not Edited = AI-Generated Text AI-Generated and Human Edited = AI-Generated Text Human Written and Heavily AI Edited = AI-Generated Text AI Outline*, Human Written, and Heavily AI Edited = AI-Generated Text Human Written and Lightly Edited with AI (~5% change) = Original Human-Generated AI Research and Human Written = Original Human-Generated Human Written and Human Edited = Original Human-Generated ‍ *AI Outline is defined as using AI (an LLM) to create a content idea, do some research, and/or create an outline. The level at which AI is used during this process may vary and could potentially affect the likelihood the text is detected as AI or human. Can I See Previous Scans? Yes, after you run an Originality report, all scans are stored for later retrieval or sharing. Complete removal of your account and data is available upon request. Is the Originality.ai plagiarism detector suitable for students and teachers? The Originality.ai plagiarism detector is an excellent choice for educators, teachers, and academic institutions. At Originality.ai, we offer a dual, hybrid approach to plagiarism checks that provides context-specific detection for individuals and educational institutions. What Languages Does the AI Detector Work For? Is it written by AI? Now, with Originality.ai , you can check if text is written by AI, with world-class AI detection in 30 languages and an overall accuracy of 97.8% for our multilingual model. Read our Multilingual AI Detection Accuracy Study . Why is Originality.ai an excellent choice for teachers? Advanced Moodle LMS Plugin integration: check for plagiarism and AI writing directly in the Moodle LMS. Academic journal and publication database integrations for more comprehensive plagiarism detection for LMS. Private Data Repositories for Institutions and LMS platforms, allowing schools and universities to securely scan against their own internal papers and student submissions. It’s also important to note that a plagiarism checker report should not be used as the only measure to identify academic cheating. Can Google Detect and Penalize AI Content? Google, along with other search engines, has made it clear that “ Using automation—including AI—to generate content with the primary purpose of manipulating ranking in search results is a violation of our spam policies. ” - Google (2023) ‍ We completed a correlation study (see study image below) and identified a small correlation between the Originality.ai score and Google search result ranking. Potentially indicating that AI content performs worse in Google than Original content. Additionally, we found that Google Adsense can identify AI-generated text and rejected a website because of AI-generated text, and the March 5th 2024 Google Update targeted AI Spam sites. How does the Originality.ai Plagiarism Checker work? We’ve upgraded our best-in-class plagiarism checker to offer hybrid plagiarism detection. Discover a plagiarism checker that adapts seamlessly to your use case: For web app users: The plagiarism checker scans publicly available web content through Google search to identify potential matches and instances of copied or paraphrased text. For LMS and institutional integrations: The system extends detection capabilities to include academic journal databases and a private data repository, enabling plagiarism checks against internal papers, student submissions, and institutional archives. This dual approach ensures that both individual users and institutions get accurate, context-specific plagiarism detection while maintaining full data privacy and security. Do Credits Expire? Yes, per our Terms and Conditions , credits expire 2 years from the date of purchase. Does Originality.ai offer an AI plagiarism checker? With the rise of AI content in Google , combining plagiarism and AI detection is becoming increasingly important. Complement plagiarism detection with the Originality.ai AI Detector to find instances of AI-generated text plagiarism. ‍ Sign up to try the best plagiarism checker for AI and complex types of plagiarism today! Then, learn about the efficacy of plagiarism detection in our Plagiarism Checker Accuracy Study and AI detectors in our AI Detector Accuracy Review and a Meta-Analysis of Third-Party AI Detection Studies . How Do AI Detectors Work? Our internally built artificial intelligence uses supervised learning with multiple models, including a modified BERT & Roberta model to predict if it is Human or AI-written content. Our AI has been provided with millions of records, both AI and Human text, and then trained to tell the difference between the two. Are plagiarism detectors beneficial for marketers? Originality.ai is the most reliable plagiarism detector for content marketers, digital marketers, and web publishers. Identify potential instances of plagiarism in content so you can publish with confidence. Do AI Detectors Work and Can ChatGPT Be Detected? Yes, ChatGPT-generated content, along with most LLMs (Gemini Pro, GPT-5, GPT-4o, Claude 3.5, Claude 4 Sonnet, Claude 4 Opus, and Llama 3.1 etc.), can be detected at a high rate of accuracy. Our ChatGPT plagiarism checker accurately detects ChatGPT-generated text. They are not perfect and do have some false positives. An AI detector does “work” depending on the level of accuracy, precision and recall you require. ‍ Do AI Detectors Work Does Originality.ai Have a Plagiarism Checking and AI Detection API? Yes, Originality.ai offers a robust API . Our API has been integrated into content operations platforms for some of the largest publishers/writing agencies and marketplaces in the world. It’s designed so you can streamline checks for AI plagiarism and detect AI-written content at scale. ‍ Full documentation is in the backend. Have a unique use case? Wondering about the API’s capabilities to handle your volume? Please reach out , we’re happy to discuss your needs. What Do AI Detection Scores Mean? An AI detection score is a prediction on whether the submitted text is AI-generated or Original (human-written). They are not a measure of the amount of AI vs the amount of Original content in a given text. ‍ As AI detection scores provide a probability that content is (or is not) Likely AI, at Originality.ai, we emphasize that AI scores reflect just that — probability — not guilt . ‍ We recommend not applying a similar “hard” rule when it comes to working with AI scores and writers or AI detection in education. If a writer or student consistently has high Originality scores but then one article has a higher AI score, this could be a false positive and further investigation should occur. ‍ ‍ Here is our guidance on how to interpret the AI scores for writers. AI & Plagiarism Detector for Serious Content Publishers Trustpilot Originality.ai 64 Hurontario St Collingwood, Ontario L9Y 2L6 Download our Chrome Extension Download our WordPress Plugin Tools AI Checker Fact Checker Plagiarism Detection Readability Checker Grammar Checker Site Scan Content Optimizer Free AI Tools KNOWLEDGE BASE API Documentation Detection Score Meaning Detection Score Accuracy Does AI Detection Work? Does Google Detect AI? AI in Google SERP Managing False Positives Fact-Checking Accuracy Content Optimization Accuracy Study Originality.ai Patent Support Company Press Testimonials Blog Case Studies AI Studies Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Refund Policy Affiliates Contact About Us © 0000 Originality.ai We use necessary cookies to make our website and its core functionalities work. We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features, and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Preferences Reject Accept Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essentials Always active Necessary for the site to function. Always On. Marketing Used for targeted advertising. Personalization Remembers your preferences and provides enhanced features. Analytics Measures usage and improves your experience. Reject All Accept All Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Preferences