Skip to main content
Partner with ORNL
Visit
Contact
Science Areas
Work With Us
About Us
Careers
News
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
AI
The Genesis Mission
Ensuring AI-ready scientific data with the American Science Cloud
Explore ORNL’s Role
NUCLEAR
Accelerating nuclear licensing with AI
AEROSPACE
Revolutionizing open fan engine architecture through leadership computing
QUANTUM
ORNL, partners secure $125M renewal for Quantum Science Center
WHO WE ARE
Our People are Our Greatest Strength

More than 7,000 scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff representing more than 70 nations form a dynamic culture of innovation at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. 

Learn more about us
LEADING THE WAY
Research with Impact
Innovation

We strengthen America through discovery science enabled by multidisciplinary teams and powerful research tools, translating advancements to address national priorities. Building on our expertise and capabilities in materials, neutron science, nuclear science, and high-performance computing, we bridge the gap from fundamental research to real-world deployment, delivering breakthroughs that move innovations from the laboratory to national impact.

Energy

We advance technologies to ensure secure, affordable, and reliable energy to fuel the nation’s economic growth and energy independence. Our teams develop solutions across the full energy landscape—from generation and grid modernization to energy storage and end-use technologies—supporting the Department of Energy’s mission and America’s energy future.

Competitiveness

We accelerate the transition of research into real-world applications to drive economic prosperity, reduce costs, and give US industries an edge. Through strategic partnerships, technology transfer, and support for entrepreneurship, we foster innovation networks that create jobs, grow industries, and strengthen America's global competitiveness.

Security

We protect America’s future through scientific and technological breakthroughs that secure critical infrastructure and address emerging threats. Leveraging ORNL’s unique capabilities, we deliver solutions that safeguard the nation’s people, infrastructure, and economy against evolving security challenges.

Recent News
View all news
DOE launches Genesis Mission to Transform American Science and Innovation through the AI Computing Revolution
Qualifying 3D-printed nuclear materials accelerates reactor innovation
DOE hosts undersecretary Dario Gil at SC25, ORNL brings home Best Paper award
Frontier supercomputer ushers in new era of nuclear AI
National labs, University of Tennessee collaborate on quantum, HPC innovation
How MPEX will accelerate fusion energy
How big-area 3D printing evolved from ORNL research into new industry
Analyzer delivers real-time insights for US power grid
Join the Team.
Change the World.

Leveraging the talents of its world-class researchers and exceptional support staff, Oak Ridge National Laboratory is helping solve critical scientific and technical challenges and, in so doing, creating economic opportunity for the nation. ORNL provides access to unique facilities, laboratories, and equipment, drawing thousands of visiting researchers each year. A vibrant and welcoming scientific community, ORNL embraces the pursuit of innovative ideas and invests in its people to ensure their success.

Explore careers at ORNL
Our Voices
Partner with Us

Collaborations are critical to modern science and engineering, and Oak Ridge National Laboratory engages in various types of collaboration with a range of organizations.

From private industry, to academia, to state and local governments, various types of organizations tap into ORNL's rare expertise and resources.

Learn more about partnerships User facilities

“At the top of the list of ORNL strengths is the ability to deliver, to do great work and to actually get things done that matter to the country and to the world.”

Stephen K. Streiffer
Director
FACTS & STATS
70+
Nationalities represented in the workforce
1,132
Patents issued since 2010
2,000+
Scientific publications per year
Learn more about ORNL 

Oak Ridge National Laboratory
1 Bethel Valley Road
Oak Ridge, TN 37830

(+1) 865.576.7658

Connect With Us
Partnerships
Visit
Contact
News
Newsroom
Newsletter Signup
Media Contacts
Research
Science Areas
User Facilities
Centers & Institutes
Resources
Internal Users
Directory
 
Oak Ridge National Laboratory is managed by UT-Battelle LLC for the US Department of Energy
Privacy Accessibility/508 Nondiscrimination/1557 Vulnerability Disclosure Program