Bragg Gaming Group (NASDAQ:BRAG, TSX:BRAG) | Content-driven iGaming technology solutions NASDAQ | $2.10 USD TSX | $2.88 CDN As of 12/31/2025 15:59:51 Solutions Turnkey Solution Casino Content Game Studios Roadmap Technology Bragg PAM Bragg Hub Fuze™ Player Engagement Services Marketing Services Operational Services About Us Meet Bragg Sustainability News Careers Working at Bragg Job openings Values Competencies Benefits Investors Client Area Demo Contact Us Playing to Win! Bragg Gaming Group Inc. (NASDAQ:BRAG, TSX:BRAG) delivers high-quality technology and content solutions to iGaming companies worldwide including bespoke turnkey technology and an exclusive games portfolio. We’re exhibiting at ICE • 19 - 21 January DISCOVER MORE STAND 2Y40 DISCOVER MORE Bragg News All News December 17, 2025 Visit us at ICE Barcelona 2026! The countdown has officially begun: ICE Barcelona 2026 is just around the corner, and we’re excited to announce that we’ll... Read More December 16, 2025 Bragg Gaming Goes Live with Proprietary and Exclusive Content on Blaze in Brazil Major Launch with Leading Brazilian Operator Drives High-Margin Revenue and Profitability Toronto, December 16, 2025 – Bragg Gaming Group (NASDAQ:... Read More December 10, 2025 Bragg Inks Global Agreement Extension with 711 Group Powers first-time launch of Bragg’s turnkey solution into Belgian iGaming market Marks the launch of 11th online casino brand powered... Read More December 5, 2025 Bragg Gaming Wins Online Platform of the Year at BEGE Awards 2025! We’re excited to announce that Bragg Gaming has been awarded Online Platform of the Year at the BEGE Awards 2025!... Read More All News We Are Bragg. Bragg is an international full-service iGaming content and technology solutions provider to the worldwide gambling industry. We operate multiple in-house games studios featuring casino games and from multiple studio partners. Our remote games server (RGS) technology, content and product aggregation, player account management (PAM) platform and Fuze™, gamification-driven engagement tools deliver online casino, lottery and sportsbook success in jurisdictions including North America, LatAm and Europe. Unleash Bragg Technology Unleash Bragg Technology Leading the way in delivering success. Reaching new frontiers in excellence A proven success story, we enable clients in all corners of the iGaming industry to realize their true potential by providing their complete gaming needs. Our strength and pedigree as a modular full-service turnkey iGaming technology provider is built on three central precepts: Kings of Content With unrivaled industry experience, we understand the importance of high-quality content in attracting customers to your platform. To help you achieve this aim, we deliver regularly updated casino games content from our exclusive games portfolio as well as our extensive casino games aggregation solution offering exclusively tailored content to meet our customers specific requirements. Game Changing Technology A supplier of technological solutions trusted by a wide-range of the industry’s biggest names, our Player Account Management (PAM) platform facilitates access to online casino, sportsbook and lottery products in a single package which is backed-up by best-in-class solutions such as our Fuze™ player engagement tools and managed, operational and marketing services. Next Generation Player Engagement Driven by a constant desire to provide rewarding and fun gameplay experiences for your players, our state-of-the-art Fuze™ Player Engagement platform is built into everything we do. A highly adaptable and easily integrated solution, Fuze™ offers players free rounds, tournaments with real-time leaderboards, missions, quests, jackpots, an AI-powered Game Recommendation System and an ever expanding toolkit designed to acquire, engage and retain players and grow your business. Tech-Driven to Our Core A provider of best-in-class technological excellence, Bragg works tirelessly to deliver game changing, efficient, tailored solutions which meet the needs of online casino, lottery and sportsbook operators in regulated markets globally. Comprehensive Content Aggregation Custom Technology Solutions Scalable, Bespoke and Adaptable Content that Inspires, Content that Engages, Content that Sustains Exclusive studios and aggregation partners develop highly localized engaging, exclusive, value driving content which attracts, engages and converts new leads into long-time customers while increasing traffic. Discover Bragg Content Discover Bragg Content Supercharging Our Customers Through Managed Services Your success propels our success. To help you achieve this we offer our considerable industry experience through marketing and operational support services which power your business. Bespoke Marketing Support and Expertise Uniquely equipped to oversee your entire marketing and gaming operations. Peak Performance Success which is measured through industry-recognized key performance indicators and the highest best practice standards. Fast and efficient implementation Quick integration, enabling operator partners to deliver a cost effective, efficient full-scale iGaming platform. End-to-End Solutions A product portfolio which caters to all types of business, including exclusive, localized content which is certified in multiple regulated markets internationally. Want to know more? Reach out to us for more information. Contact us Bragg Around The Globe Canada 130 King Street West - Suite 1955,
        The Exchange Tower, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E3 UK The Sans, St John’s Sq, London EC1M 4AH Slovenia Litostrojska cesta 52, 1000 Ljubljana Malta Unit 2/2, 35, Tigne Place, Tigne Street, SLM3173 Sliema United States 50 W Liberty St Suite 330, Reno, 
	NV 89501 7160 Rafael Rivera Way, Suite 330 
Las Vegas, Nevada, 89113 Brazil Rua São Bento, 365 - 14º andar, Centro, São Paulo - SP, 01011-903 India NO:1, 46, Dr Thirumoorthy Nagar Main Rd, Thirumurthy Nagar, Tamil Nadu 600034 Bragg Gaming Group companies are licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority, licence number MGA/B2B/298/2015 (Service (B2B) - A licence to provide a supply in a business-to-business capacity), Romania Gaming Authority - ONJN, licences nr.1016/27.04.2018 and nr.1015/27.04.2018 (Clasa a II-a), Hellenic Gaming Commission, licence number HGC-000052-MN (A1 - Manufacturers’ Suitability). In Great Britain Bragg Gaming Group companies are licensed by the Gambling Commission under account number 55254 (Gambling Software Licence and Game Host (Casino) Licence) and Oryx razvojne storitve d.o.o. is licensed by the Gambling Commission under account number 55253 (Gambling Software Licence). Online Platform of the Year 2025 Socially Responsible Initiative of the Year 2025 Slot Supplier 2024 Technology Provider/ Supplier of the Year 2024, 2023, 2022 Innovation in RNG Casino Software 2023 Industry Innovation of the Year 2023 Casino Product of the Year 2022 Great Place to Work Award 2021 Copyright © 2024. All rights reserved. Bragg Group. Whistleblower protection Privacy Policy Manage consent Search BRAGG GAMING GROUP COOKIE POLICY COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES When you use our https://bragg.group/ website (hereinafter »Website«), we may make use of the standard practice of placing tiny data files called cookies, flash cookies, pixel tags, or other tracking tools (herein, “cookies”) on your computer or other access devices. What are cookies? Cookies are small files that are sent from the web server to the user’s computer via the user’s browser. They are then stored in the user’s computer as text files and passed back to the server. Cookies are generally used to identify users and, on occasion, prepare customized web pages for them. What cookies do we use? We use both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies expire when you log out of your account or close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your computer or other access device until deleted or otherwise expire. Some of the cookies we use are necessary, which means that without them our website cannot function properly. The remaining cookies are non-necessary. We use the following cookies: NAME TYPE ISSUER RETENTION FUNCTION PH_HPXY_CHECK Functional bragg.group Session Session cookie __cf_bm Functional bragg.group 30 minutes to read and filter requests from bots. cmplz_banner-status Functional bragg.group 1 year to store cookie banner status (opened / closed) cmplz_statistics Functional bragg.group 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. cmplz_marketing Functional bragg.group 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. cmplz_functional Functional bragg.group 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. cmplz_preferences Functional bragg.group 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. cmplz_policy_id Functional bragg.group 1 year to store accepted cookie policy ID. age_gate Functional (UK only) bragg.group Session to store visitor age preference cmplz_consented_services Functional bragg.group 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. _gat_gtag_UA_130014494_1 Statistics bragg.group 1 minute google analytics _gid Statistics bragg.group 1 day google analytics _ga Statistics bragg.group 1 year google analytics VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Marketing .youtube.com 6 months to provide bandwidth estimations. SOCS Marketing .youtube.com 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. CONSENT Marketing .google.com 1 year to store cookie consent preferences. IDE Marketing .doubleclick.net 2 years to provide ad delivery or retargeting. YSC Marketing .youtube.com Session to Store and track interaction. DEVICE_INFO Marketing .youtube.com 6 months to track user’s interaction with embedded content. GPS Marketing .youtube.com Session to store location data. PREF Marketing .youtube.com 5 days to store user preferences. NID Marketing .google.com 6 months to provide ad delivery or retargeting, store user preferences. _fbp Marketing .facebook.com 3 months to store and track visits across websites. Consent Where lawfully required, we will ask you to provide your consent for the use of non necessary statistics and marketing cookies. Application of this cookie policy and third party website cookies This cookie policy applies to the Website, except for the »Investors«, »Client Area« and »Demo« parts of the Website. When using our Website, you may be directed to other websites for example to view content hosted on those sites such as an embedded video or news article. These websites may use their own cookies. We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our Website. How to manage cookies? The cookie consent tool can be utilized to customize your cookie preferences with regards to the cookies used when visiting the Website, expect for the following areas of the Website: »Investors«, »Client Area« and »Demo«. The tool will record when you have consented to our cookie policy. The consent tool specifically controls the marketing cookies and statistical cookies. Functional cookies are necessary for the Website to function and therefore cannot be disabled, nor can the tool be used to block cookies on third party websites linked from our website. You can control which cookies you want to be stored on your computer through the settings in your web browser. You may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, you should be aware that choosing to remove or disable our cookies may interfere with your use and functionality of our Website and you may not be able to access all or parts of our Website. For more information about cookies and how to block, delete or disable them, please consult your browser’s help pages for instructions on how to do this, or contact us at [email protected] . For more information on how Bragg Gaming Group processes personal data, please view our Privacy policy . Manage Cookie Consent 18+ By proceeding to browse our website, you confirm that you are of legal age (18+). If you are not of legal age, please leave this website. Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. To learn more about how we use cookies and which cookies are managed with this consent tool view our Cookie policy . Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Reject All Cookie Settings Save & Accept Selected Cookie Settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent