This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Platform 
Solutions 
Resources 
Company 
Plans
Sign In
Get Started
Stop Sweating Privacy.
We've Got Your Back.

Privacy compliance doesn’t have to be painful. Osano was designed by experts, for you—and we’re the only privacy solution with a $500,000 “No Fines, No Penalties” Guarantee.

So, take a deep breath: You’ve made the right choice.

Book a Demo
Get Started

4.6/5 based on 120+ reviews

Take My First Steps
Achieve Website & App Compliance
Manage Privacy Requests
Level Up My Privacy Program
Drowning in Alphabet Soup?

Whether it’s the CCPA or GDPR , it all feels like a PITA . This stuff is complicated—but taking your first steps doesn't have to be. Learn about cookie consent and what cookie compliance should look like in our digital tour.



Take the Cookie Consent Tour
JOIN THOUSANDS OF COMPANIES WINNING CONSUMER TRUST WITH OSANO
IF YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PROTECTING PRIVACY
The Struggle Is Real

You know it. We know it. The world of privacy is complex and getting more so every day. For teams that manage privacy, it’s hard enough to cover the basics, let alone focus on strategic work.

More Laws, More Requirements, Steeper Costs

In 2025, organizations will need to comply with 19 distinct U.S. privacy laws. In 2024, total noncompliance fines reached $1 billion. If you fail to keep up, the stakes are higher than ever.

You Can’t Manage What You Can’t See

130 million U.S. consumers now have the right to file a DSAR . As complexity and volume grow, it’s harder to track preferences, workflows, and personal/sensitive data across the business. Spreadsheets and manual processes no longer cut it.

Trust Can Disappear in an Instant

72 percent of consumers say they will stop buying from a company where there’s been a data breach. Privacy teams struggle to proactively spot and mitigate risks to personal and sensitive data, and to align with Security, GRC, and TPRM for a unified risk strategy.

THE OSANO WAY
Visible Privacy: Everyone Wins

Comprehensive data privacy management doesn't just make your job easier: It’s also good for consumers and the whole business. And it’s within reach for every organization, regardless of size or industry.

VISIBLE COMPLIANCE–FOR YOUR CUSTOMERS
Show the World You’re Compliant–And Mean It

Compliance on your websites and mobile apps that’s always up to date and always in context. Start with a single line of code.

Your Compliance, Guaranteed

Backed by the industry’s only “No Fines. No Penalties” Guarantee.

Effortless Compliance in 50+ Countries

Including GDPR, CPPA/CPRA, LGPD, and all state laws. We do the tedious work, so you don’t have to.

Your Privacy Partner

From day one, our customer team supports you every step of the way.

VISIBLE OPERATIONS–FOR YOUR TEAM
Manage Privacy with Confidence and Control

Connect dots and bring your privacy landscape into sharp focus. Discover and track data to uncover insights. Streamline work to get more done. 

Simplify Subject Rights Management

Customize and automate workflows to keep up with volume and new laws.

Centralize Preference Management

See user consent and preferences across all digital channels.

VISIBLE RISK MANAGEMENT–FOR THE BUSINESS
Build a Trusted Brand

Risk management is a team sport. Collaborate, communicate, and strategize to mitigate and manage risk across the whole organization.

Turn Compliance into Governance

Monitor privacy risk inside and outside the organization and enhance the assessment process.

Unify Risk Management

Bring together GRC, TPRM, and Security for seamless risk management.

Be “Audit-Ready”

Respond to regulatory inquiries with comprehensive tools and Osano Audit Defense.

PRIVACY SUPPORT
We’re Here for You

Privacy excellence isn’t just about software. Whether it’s full implementation support, our “No Fines, No Penalties” Guarantee, Ask a Privacy Pro, or Audit Defense, our team is by your side to help you navigate the complexities of data privacy management. 

How Can We Help?
THE OSANO PLATFORM
Solutions for Your Biggest Privacy Challenges

Use the Osano data privacy platform to streamline and simplify your most challenging data privacy tasks. With Osano’s suite of solutions, you’ll minimize risk, save resources for revenue-generating initiatives, and—most importantly—stay compliant.

Get a Demo
View All Products
Cookie Consent

Collect, act on, manage, and record consent preferences with banners based on the visitors’ local jurisdiction and/or global privacy control signals.

Learn More
Subject Rights Management

Centralize subject rights requests, manage and streamline the DSAR workflow, and automate common request types such as summaries and deletions.

Learn More
Unified Consent & Preference Hub

Collect, act on, manage, and record consents and user preferences from diverse touchpoints.

Learn More
Data Mapping

Discover, classify, visualize, and prioritize your organization’s stores of personal data in a fast, automated fashion.

Learn More
Vendor Privacy Risk Management

Use Osano’s privacy score for more than 11,000 vendors to quickly compare and evaluate companies’ privacy practices. Stay informed of vendor lawsuits, privacy policy changes, and privacy gaps.

Learn More
Assessments

Manage privacy assessments with Osano. Access pre-built templates based on standards like ISO and NIST or create custom assessments to fit your organization’s needs. Store all assessments securely and collaborate with ease.

Learn More
EXPERT INSIGHTS
Key Resources on All Things Privacy

Discover actionable compliance tips straight from our team of legal and privacy experts through our blogs, webinars, ebooks, guides, and more.

View All Blog Posts
View All Resources
PRIVACY PROGRAM MANAGEMENT EU PRIVACY LAW US PRIVACY LAW AI
AI Compliance: Why Artificial Intelligence Systems Pose Risk & How to Contain It

How would you feel if someone could take a photo of your face and learn who you are, where you live, and other intimate details about your life–all without even speaking to you? 

Read Now
EU PRIVACY LAW
Top 10 EU Data Privacy Changes in the Digital Omnibus Proposal
What Is the Digital Omnibus Regulation Proposal?

Maybe you’ve heard–the EU has a bit of a reputation for excessive regulation.

Read Now
US PRIVACY LAW
2026 CCPA Amendments: New Privacy Rules in California

They say the only two certainties in life are death and taxes. Humbly, we’d like to propose a third: New California privacy rules. 

Read Now
TESTIMONIALS
Why Customers Love Osano

All Osanians work hard to ensure our customers have a delightful experience and stay compliant. Hear their reports on what it’s like to be an Osano customer.

"We like that [Osano] is an all-in-one solution and that it automatically searches our site to keep us compliant."

Glen B

Director of Compliance and Commissions, G2 Reviewer

"It is hard to keep track of third-party cookies in an enterprise where several departments can add cookies. Osano helps take that back under control."

Martin V

Information Security Officer and Software Quality Manager, G2 Review

"The Osano team is very knowledgeable, helpful, and accessible. I know I can expect a thoughtful and prompt response to all my questions. The platform is intuitive, easy to implement, and enables us to holistically monitor privacy compliance. We really could not be happier."

Ivanna C

G2 Reviewer

"Osano helped us get into cookie compliance in a customer-friendly and consistent manner. Looking forward to spending less time worrying about keeping up with legal changes with Osano looking out for the many coming changes in data compliance."

Aaron L

G2 Reviewer

"Osano is simplifying our international expansion and giving our exec team peace of mind with privacy compliance. It also has allowed us to conserve developer resources with its "one line JS" model."

Ryan W

CEO, G2 Reviewer

"The platform is highly intuitive, and the team has extensive legal knowledge of privacy regulations. Everything in the platform is set up for easy completion; you hardly need to contact the team for questions."

Lilla M

Digital Marketing Manager, G2 Reviewer

"We like that [Osano] is an all-in-one solution and that it automatically searches our site to keep us compliant."

Glen B

Director of Compliance and Commissions, G2 Reviewer

"It is hard to keep track of third-party cookies in an enterprise where several departments can add cookies. Osano helps take that back under control."

Martin V

Information Security Officer and Software Quality Manager, G2 Review

"The Osano team is very knowledgeable, helpful, and accessible. I know I can expect a thoughtful and prompt response to all my questions. The platform is intuitive, easy to implement, and enables us to holistically monitor privacy compliance. We really could not be happier."

Ivanna C

G2 Reviewer

"Osano helped us get into cookie compliance in a customer-friendly and consistent manner. Looking forward to spending less time worrying about keeping up with legal changes with Osano looking out for the many coming changes in data compliance."

Aaron L

G2 Reviewer

WATCH THE OVERVIEW
Osano in 90 Seconds

Watch to learn all about the basics of Osano—the intuitive data privacy platform for simplifying privacy compliance.

Simplify Data Privacy Compliance

With Osano, building, managing, and scaling your privacy program becomes simple. Schedule a demo or try a free 30-day trial today.

Book a Demo
Get Started

The Simple, All-in-One Data Privacy Platform

Subscribe to Osano news & insights
Email*

I agree to receive communications from Osano.

*

You can manage your privacy choices or opt-out at any time. For additional information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review the Osano Privacy Policy. 

PRODUCTS
The Osano Platform
Cookie Consent
Unified Consent & Preference Hub
Subject Rights Management
Data Mapping
Vendor Management
Assessments
TrustHub
Privacy Templates
GDPR Representative
Regulatory Guidance
Consult Privacy Team
Audit Defense
COMPANY
About Us
Careers
Contact
Our Guarantee
Press & Media
Data Licensing
Partners & Resellers
Partner Resources
Osano Swag Store
RESOURCES
Migrate to Osano
Articles
Podcast
Customer Stories
Resource Center
Events
Newsletter
Privacy Program Maturity Model
FAQs
Plans & Pricing
Schedule a Demo
Product Updates
Documentation
Developer Documentation
System Status
Open Source
Sitemap
LEGAL
Cookies
DPA
Privacy
Terms
APRA

© 2018 - 2025 · Osano, Inc., a Public Benefit Corp · Osano is a registered trademark of Osano, Inc. a Public Benefit Corporation · Nothing on the Osano website, platform, or services, nor any portion thereof constitutes actual legal or regulatory advice, opinion, or recommendation by Osano, Inc. a Public Benefit Corporation, Osano International Compliance Services LTD, or Osano UK Compliance LTD. If legal assistance is required, users should seek the services of an attorney.