Optica Publishing Group Expand this Topic clickable element to expand a topic All Publications All Publications Site Search Advanced Search SEARCH OPTIONS Close Article Search ImageBank Search Site Search KEYWORDS Only if other supplemental resources are available Title and Abstract All text AUTHORS • Use these formats for best results: Smith or J Smith • Use a comma to separate multiple people: J Smith, RL Jones, Macarthur Any : All : ? Tips for preparing a search: Keep it simple - don't use too many different parameters. Separate search groups with parentheses and Booleans. Note the Boolean sign must be in upper-case. Example: (diode OR solid-state) AND laser [search contains "diode" or "solid-state" and laser] Example: (photons AND downconversion) - pump [search contains both "photons" and "downconversion" but not "pump"] Improve efficiency in your search by using wildcards. Asterisk ( * ) -- Example: "elect*" retrieves documents containing "electron," "electronic," and "electricity" Question mark (?) -- Example: "gr?y" retrieves documents containing "grey" or "gray" Use quotation marks " " around specific phrases where you want the entire phrase only. For best results, use the separate Authors field to search for author names. Author name searching: Use these formats for best results: Smith or J Smith Use a comma to separate multiple people: J Smith, RL Jones, Macarthur Note: Author names will be searched in the keywords field, also, but that may find papers where the person is mentioned, rather than papers they authored. SEARCH IN Journals Vol. Issue Page Conferences Year Paper # Industry Reports Report Year PUBLICATION YEARS From To Enter only one date to search After ("From") or Before ("To") OPTICS & PHOTONICS TOPICS Browse All Topics Selected topics Find articles with any selected topics Find articles with all selected topics Browse All Topics Click the to reveal subtopics. Use the checkbox to select a topic to filter your search. ? About Optics & Photonics Topics Optica Publishing Group developed the Optics and Photonics Topics to help organize its diverse content more accurately by topic area. This topic browser contains over 2400 terms and is organized in a three-level hierarchy. Read more. Topics can be refined further in the search results. The Topic facet will reveal the high-level topics associated with the articles returned in the search results. SPECIAL COLLECTIONS Energy and Environmental Optics Express Application Notes (formerly E&L Notes) Memoranda Opinions Reviews Spotlight on Optics Tutorials Retrospectives Clear my choices above Search KEYWORDS Search LOGIN SUBMIT OPTICA AI Skip to content Toggle navigation All Publications All Publications Site Search Journals Advances in Optics and Photonics Applied Optics Applied Spectroscopy Biomedical Optics Express Chinese Optics Letters Current Optics and Photonics Journal of Lightwave Technology Journal of Near Infrared Spectroscopy Journal of Optical Technology Journal of Optical Communications and Networking Journal of the Optical Society of America A Journal of the Optical Society of America B Optica Optica Quantum Optical Materials Express Optics and Photonics News Optics Continuum Optics Express Optics Letters Photonics Research Legacy Journals Journal of Display Technology (2005-2016) Journal of the Optical Society of Korea (1997-2016) Journal of Optical Networking (2002-2009) Journal of the Optical Society of America (1917-1983) Optics News (1975-1989) OSA Continuum (2018-2021) Conferences Find Conferences By Year By Name Featured Optical Fiber Communication (OFC) Conference on Lasers and Electro-Optics (CLEO) Frontiers in Optics (FiO) Newly Published JSAP-Optica Joint Symposia 3D Image Acquisition and Display: Technology, Perception and Applications Computational Optical Sensing and Imaging Digital Holography and Three-Dimensional Imaging Imaging Systems and Applications Preprints Optica Open View preprints Submit preprint Author instructions About FAQ Other Resources Information For Authors Reviewers Librarians Products and Services Digital Archive Interactive Science Publishing (ISP) Optica Open Optics ImageBank Optics and Photonics Topics Spotlight on Optics Publications Bookshelf Special Collections Regional Content On The Cover: Photonics Research Spotlight: Chinese Optics Letters Open Access Information Open Access Statement and Policy Terms for Journal Article Reuse My Favorites Go to My Account Login to access favorites Recent Pages LOGIN OR CREATE ACCOUNT Authors Reviewers Librarians Open Access Submit Preprint Submit to Journal Looking for something? Ask Optica AI Recently Published Application of deep learning to single-shot gas-phase laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy Nathan P. Brown, Elijah R. Jans, and Garrett W. Idler Opt. Lett. 51 (2) 273-276 (2026) Deterministic optical time-slot scheduling and performance evaluation via time-aware resource allocation in metro all-optical spine-leaf networks Huitao Zhou, Lizhu Liu, Chen Su, Bojun Zhang, Zhiqun Gu, et al. J. Opt. Commun. Netw. 18 (1) 59-73 (2026) Twisted light and twisted matter: the photonic frontier of chirality Kayn A. Forbes Photon. Res. 14 (1) B193-B208 (2026) 1-watt single-frequency 689 nm VECSEL for quantum technologies Charlotte A. Hodges, Paulo Hisao Moriya, and Jennifer E. Hastie Opt. Express 33 (26) 55185-55195 (2025) Image of the Week 22 December 2025 Deep transformer-enhanced dynamic structured light for three-dimensional moving object imaging See Visualization 1 in Opt. Express 33(25), 52084-52104 (2025) Optics & Photonics News (OPN) is the society's monthly news magazine. Subscription is a benefit of society membership. JOIN NOW November Top Downloads for Journals More > 1 Fundamentals to emerging concepts and applications of metasurfaces for flat optics: a tutorial (Adv. Opt. Photon.) 2 Towards accurate penetration depth estimation in near-infrared spectroscopy: a quantitative analysis of source-detector distance dependence in porcine kidney models (Biomed. Opt. Express) 3 Integrated laser technologies for artificial intelligence applications [Invited] (Opt. Express) 4 Deep 3D laser micromachining enabled by kilohertz-rate adaptive energy-flux compensation (Optica) 5 Rapid photonic THz continuous wave compressive imaging with super-resolution over a large field of view (Optica) Spotlight on Optics More > JOSA A Wave pulses with unusual asymptotical behavior at infinity Summary by Brynmor Davis Despite conservation of energy strongly suggesting that the intensity of a propagating optical pulse should decay as... Applied Optics Blind deconvolution extraction of Doppler-broadened spectra in LIF spectroscopy under model-free constraints Summary by Alfio E. Vinci A practical tool to infer temperature and velocity of heavy species in cold plasmas. Deducing the true... Optics Letters Evaluating tartrazine as an optical clearing agent for fluorescence lifetime imaging Summary by Zihao Ou Tartrazine clears the path for deeper fluorescence lifetime imaging. This work systematically evaluates... Announcements More > 22 PHOTONICS RESEARCH DEC 2025 Photonics Research Research - America's next AI accelerator constraint: Heat, power and the end of 'just add GPUs' 18 OPTICA DEC 2025 Optica Research - New Raman imaging system detects subtle tumor signals 17 OPTICA QUANTUM DEC 2025 Optica Quantum Research - Quantum-dot device can generate multiple frequency-entangled photons × Field Error Ok Select as filters Select Topics Cancel Top Publishing Home Journals Conferences Preprints (Optica Open) Information for Authors Reviewers Librarians Open Access Information Open Access Statement and Policy Terms for Journal Article Reuse Other Resources Optica Open Optica Publishing Group Bookshelf Optics ImageBank Optics & Photonics News Spotlight on Optics Optica Home About About Optica Publishing Group About My Account Sign up for Alerts Contact Us Send Us Feedback My Favorites Go to My Account Login to access favorites Recent Pages X © Copyright 2025 | Optica Publishing Group. All rights reserved, including rights for text and data mining and training of artificial technologies or similar technologies. Privacy | Terms of Use × Login or Create Account Please wait... Email Password Forgot your password? Remember me on this computer Login Cancel Institutional Login (Optica Publishing Group participates in eduGAIN) China CARSI Member Access China CAoS Member Access Privacy Policy Need help?