Home
Search OSF
Support
Registries
Preprints
Meetings
Institutions
Donate
Sign in
Notice: This website relies on cookies to help provide a better user experience. By clicking accept or continuing to use the site, you consent to our use of cookies. See our Privacy Policy and Cookie Use for more information.
Accept cookies
Sign in
There's A Better Way To Manage Your Research

OSF is a free, open platform to support your research and enable collaboration

Sign Up
Discover Public Research

Discover projects, data, materials, and collaborators on OSF that might be helpful to your own research

How OSF Supports Your Research
Search And Discover

Find papers, data, and materials to inspire your next research project. Search public projects to build on the work of others and find new collaborators

Design Your Study

Start a project and add collaborators, giving them access to protocols and other research materials. Built-in version control tracks the evolution of your study

Collect And Analyze Data

Store data, code, and other materials in OSF Storage, or connect your Dropbox or other third-party account. Every file gets a unique, persistent URL for citing and sharing

Publish Your Reports

Share papers in OSF Preprints or a community-based preprint provider, so others can find and cite your work. Track impact with metrics like downloads and view counts

Learn More
What Others Are Saying
Because SocArXiv Is A Not-For-Profit Organization, Researchers Can Be Assured That They Are Sharing Their Research In An Environment Where Access, Inclusivity, And Preservation, Rather Than Profit, Will Remain At The Heart Of The Mission. A Great Benefit Of Partnering With OSF Is That This Application Is A Free Public Good.

Philip Cohen

SocArXiv papers

OSF Is A Game Changer For Those Wanting To Effectively Share Their Research Process In The Spirit Of Collaboration.

Patricia Ayala

Research Services Librarian | University of Toronto

OSF Is Indispensable In Helping Me Create Reproducible Research Pipelines From Preregistration Through Data Collection And Analysis. Its Versatility Makes It My One-Stop Shop For Projects. The Dropbox Integration Effortlessly Transforms My Existing Local Workflow To Public Repository.

Maya Mathur

Department of Epidemiology Harvard University

Because SocArXiv Is A Not-For-Profit Organization, Researchers Can Be Assured That They Are Sharing Their Research In An Environment Where Access, Inclusivity, And Preservation, Rather Than Profit, Will Remain At The Heart Of The Mission. A Great Benefit Of Partnering With OSF Is That This Application Is A Free Public Good.

Philip Cohen

SocArXiv papers

OSF Is A Game Changer For Those Wanting To Effectively Share Their Research Process In The Spirit Of Collaboration.

Patricia Ayala

Research Services Librarian | University of Toronto

OSF Integrations Make Your Workflow More Efficient

Authentication

Discovery

References

Storage

Center for Open Science
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Status
|
API
|
TOP Guidelines
Copyright © 2011-2025