Plans
Medicine (USMLE)
Medicine (non-USMLE)
Medicine (Osteopathy)
Physician Assistant
Nurse Practitioner
Registered Nursing
Licensed Practical Nursing
Dentistry
Pharmacy
Health Professional
Library
Medicine (USMLE)
Medicine (non-USMLE)
Medicine (Osteopathy)
Physician Assistant
Nurse Practitioner
Registered Nursing
Licensed Practical Nursing
Dentistry
Pharmacy
Health Professional
Resources
Events
Blog
Questions & answer topics
Raise the Line Podcast
Spreadjoy e-cards
Osmosis around the world
Institutions
Sign in
Try it free
2026 is right around the corner, set yourself up for success with Osmosis at a special discount! Sale ends when the new year begins.
Save Today

Skip to main content

The fun, visual way to learn — and retain — medicine

Join the preferred, all-in-one platform for health students and professionals around the globe.

Try Osmosis for free
Explore options for...
MD (USMLE)
RN
PA
NP
DO
Healthcare Professional
Educators
A better platform with better outcomes
Faster learning

Concise, animated videos create memory anchors and simplify even the most complex concepts.

Clinical confidence

Easy-to-follow decision-making trees help you develop strong clinical skills.

Low exam stress

Board-style questions and a customizable quiz builder prepare you to ace exams and feel good doing it.

On-the-go studying

Your favorite features and content are always at your fingertips with the Osmosis mobile app.

Increased retention

High-yield notes, Summary Notes and Med Tables provide bite-sized ways to retain material.

Goodbye knowledge gaps

Flashcards powered by Spaced Repetition enhance memory retention, and the Osmosis Daily Practice Quiz tests your comprehension.

See firsthand why 6+ million learners prefer Osmosis

Get unlimited access to every Osmosis feature and resource with a free, 7-day trial.

Start free trial
Everybody loves Osmosis!

“The videos on Osmosis are very concise, informative, and effective because of how short they are. The quizzes and flashcards really help with retention. I watch Osmosis as part of my review for all of my exams and it has never failed me.”

Hilisha P., MD student

Go to testimonial 1
Go to testimonial 2
Go to testimonial 3
Go to testimonial 4
Go to testimonial 5
Frequently asked questions

Get answers to your Osmosis questions. If you don't see your question answered here, check out the Osmosis Help Center.

Is Osmosis right for my specialty?

Yes, anyone pursuing a career in medicine, nursing, or health care can benefit from our platform, which turns complex topics into easy-to-understand videos. We help users confidently learn and prepare for classroom lectures, clinical rotations, boards, and exams. We support you throughout your journey — from day one to patient one and beyond!

Is Osmosis expensive? 

For the price of a textbook or two, Osmosis covers virtually every topic imaginable, on a single platform that you can access on your phone. 

 

Choose the plan length that works with your budget (the longer you subscribe, the more you save) and you can cancel anytime.

Can I trust the material on Osmosis?

Absolutely. With 100+ subject-matter experts and content creators on staff and serving on our curriculum advisory boards, all of our content is rigorously developed and reviewed to ensure you get the best, most up-to-date information possible.

Study with Osmosis today — risk free

Claim your 7-day free trial to access our entire platform. Your smarter study routine is just a few clicks away.

Start free trial
Study anytime, anywhere. Download our mobile app.

4.8 ★| 3.4K Ratings

4.8 ★ | 12.9K Ratings

Company
About us
Careers
Library
Editorial Board
Blog
Become An Osmosis Student Leader
Support
Help center
Contact us
FAQ
For Institutions
Medicine (DO)
Medicine (MD)
Nurse Practitioner (NP)
Physician Assistant (PA)
Dentistry
Nursing (RN)
More
Plans
iOS app
Android app
Swag
Create custom content
Raise the Line Podcast

Copyright © 2025 Elsevier, its licensors, and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.

Cookies are used by this site.

Cookie settings

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

Cookie Notice

Sitemap

USMLE® is a joint program of the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) and the National Board of Medical Examiners (NBME). COMLEX-USA® is a registered trademark of The National Board of Osteopathic Medical Examiners, Inc. NCLEX-RN® is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing, Inc. Test names and other trademarks are the property of the respective trademark holders. None of the trademark holders are endorsed by nor affiliated with Osmosis or this website.

We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience. You can manage your cookie preferences using theCookie settings link. For more information, see ourCookie Policy
Cookie settings
Accept all cookies