American Osteopathic Association | AOA Join or Renew For Patients JOM The DO Board Certification Log In Search Search Clear American Osteopathic Association Menu Students Students Activate your FREE student membership Medical School Timeline Osteopathic Medical Schools Rotations Planning for Rotations Choosing a Specialty Rocking Your Rotations COMLEX-USA Prepping for Residency CV & Personal Statement Residency Interviews The Match Student Resources Research Financial Planning Career Planning AOA Board Certification Wellness Toolkit COM International Activities Bureau of Emerging Leaders Emerging DO Platform Resident Physicians Resident Physicians Residency Timeline Training Recognition Distinction of Advanced Osteopathic Training GME Program Membership Resident Resources Research Training in Policy Studies Program Financial Planning Career Planning Wellness Toolkit Get Involved Bureau of Emerging Leaders Emerging DO Platform Practicing Medicine Practicing Medicine Business of Medicine Private Payer Advocacy Billing & Coding ICD-10 & ICD-11 Participating in Medicare Starting a Practice Selling or Closing a Practice Social Media Toolkit Providing Care Flu Prevention Toolkit RSV Toolkit Social Determinants of Health Living Well/Aging Well Empathy in Medicine AOA Member Value AOA Purchase Power SoFi Life + Career Life + Career Career Center Research Research Funding Opportunities Funded Projects OMED Research Poster Presentations Licensure State Licensure International Licensure AOA Board Certification Specialties & Subspecialties Financial Planning Wellness Toolkit Achieving Wellness Depression & Suicide Preventing Workplace Violence Recognizing Burnout Wellness Lifelines CME CME CME Report (Login Required) CME Search On-Demand CME Live CME AOA Learning Portal CME Self-Study Courses CME Policies & Requirements Reporting Forms AOA CME Events OMED For CME Sponsors Joint Providership About Us About Us AOA Membership Join the AOA Member Benefits Member Value Program Member Dues Rates Group Membership GME Program Membership About the Profession AOA Annual Report AOA Events DO Day House of Delegates Meeting Midyear Business Meeting OMED Leadership & Policy Board of Trustees Governance Documents AOA Policy Search Past Resolutions Bureau of Emerging Leaders Apply for a BCC Position Osteopathic Brand Campaign Media Center News Releases Work at the AOA Advocacy Federal Advocacy Initiatives State Advocacy  Initiatives International Advocacy Initiatives Private Payer Advocacy Professional Advocacy AOA Store Affiliated Organizations Medical Schools Specialty Colleges State Associations American Osteopathic Information Association News Search Clear Log In Students Students Overview Activate your FREE student membership Medical School Timeline Osteopathic Medical Schools Rotations Planning for Rotations Choosing a Specialty Rocking Your Rotations COMLEX-USA Prepping for Residency CV & Personal Statement Residency Interviews The Match Student Resources Research Financial Planning Career Planning AOA Board Certification Wellness Toolkit COM International Activities Bureau of Emerging Leaders Emerging DO Platform Resident Physicians Resident Physicians Overview Residency Timeline Training Recognition Distinction of Advanced Osteopathic Training GME Program Membership Resident Resources Research Training in Policy Studies Program Financial Planning Career Planning Wellness Toolkit Get Involved Bureau of Emerging Leaders Emerging DO Platform Practicing Medicine Practicing Medicine Overview Business of Medicine Private Payer Advocacy Billing & Coding ICD-10 & ICD-11 Participating in Medicare Starting a Practice Selling or Closing a Practice Social Media Toolkit Providing Care Flu Prevention Toolkit RSV Toolkit Social Determinants of Health Living Well/Aging Well Empathy in Medicine AOA Member Value AOA Purchase Power SoFi Life + Career Life + Career Overview Career Center Research Research Funding Opportunities Funded Projects OMED Research Poster Presentations Licensure State Licensure International Licensure AOA Board Certification Specialties & Subspecialties Financial Planning Wellness Toolkit Achieving Wellness Depression & Suicide Preventing Workplace Violence Recognizing Burnout Wellness Lifelines CME CME Overview CME Report (Login Required) CME Search On-Demand CME Live CME AOA Learning Portal CME Self-Study Courses CME Policies & Requirements Reporting Forms AOA CME Events OMED For CME Sponsors Joint Providership About Us About Us Overview AOA Membership Join the AOA Member Benefits Member Value Program Member Dues Rates Group Membership GME Program Membership About the Profession AOA Annual Report AOA Events DO Day House of Delegates Meeting Midyear Business Meeting OMED Leadership & Policy Board of Trustees Governance Documents AOA Policy Search Past Resolutions Bureau of Emerging Leaders Apply for a BCC Position Osteopathic Brand Campaign Media Center News Releases Work at the AOA Advocacy Federal Advocacy Initiatives State Advocacy  Initiatives International Advocacy Initiatives Private Payer Advocacy Professional Advocacy AOA Store Affiliated Organizations Medical Schools Specialty Colleges State Associations American Osteopathic Information Association News Join the AOA Contact Us For Patients JOM The DO Board Certification Register for OMED On-Demand and earn up to 40 CME credits through Dec. 31, 2025! | REGISTER NOW Our Mission You take care of patients. We take care of you. Serving as the professional home for more than 207,000 osteopathic physicians and medical students, the AOA works to advance the distinctive philosophy and practice of osteopathic medicine. Why belong? GET STARTED HERE Build the skills you need to succeed in osteopathic medical school and beyond Learn More I am a Student Doctor Find expert tips, tools and resources as you take the first steps in your career Learn More I am a Resident Physician Advance your skills, improve patient care and take your career to the next level Learn More I am a Physician in Practice Latest News AOA , Statements American Osteopathic Association statement on proposed HHS intervention in the patient-physician relationship and access to gender-affirming care CHICAGO—The American Osteopathic Association (AOA) is deeply concerned with the recent actions announced by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) that would undermine physicians’ independent, expert judgement and penalize them for recommending or providing medically appropriate care. Osteopathic physicians are trained to treat the whole person and to work collaboratively with patients, … Read More AOA Staff 12.19.25 The DO In Memoriam: December 2025 The following list of recently deceased osteopathic physicians includes links to obituaries and online memorials if they’re available. Readers can notify the AOA of their deceased colleagues by sending an email to [email protected] . You may also view a list of past In Memoriam columns. The DO Staff 12.20.25 The DO Osteopathic leadership advances through new NYIT presidency and AOA headquarters update With a new university presidency and a refreshed AOA headquarters presence, osteopathic leadership continues to gain visibility and momentum. Below, learn more about the appointment of Jerry Balentine, DO, as the new president of New York Institute of Technology following his decades of service to medical education, and see the AOA’s new illuminated building sign … Read More The DO Staff 12.19.25 The DO The DO Book Club, Dec. 2025: Thought-provoking reads for the holidays and beyond With the busy holiday season in full swing, many of us are itching for an excuse to sit down and enjoy a quiet afternoon reading. With the new year on the horizon, some of us are also aiming to read more in 2026. The DO Staff 12.18.25 The DO OMED25 highlights: From advocacy to comedy to AI integration, the profession truly came together Grab your cowboy boots and Stetsons, y’all, as we recap the excitement of OMED 2025 in Nashville, Tennessee. This year’s OMED conference brought the osteopathic medical community together in the Music City in September. Held in the appropriately named Music City Center, the OMED25 theme was “Osteopathic Harmony: Aligning Leadership, Education and Patient Care,” capturing what OMED … Read More The DO Staff 12.12.25 The DO How physical activity trains our brains for medicine—and how to fit it into your schedule when you’re in training During my first year of medical school, I joined my university’s varsity volleyball team. I juggled three-hour daily practices, brutally long days and an exam schedule that sometimes packed up to four tests in one week. What I didn’t realize at the time was that the discipline I built on the court was training more … Read More The DO Staff 12.11.25 View all news Support for every stage of your career AOA Board Certification Demonstrate your commitment to evidence-based education leading to high-quality care. Member Value Program Innovative tools and partnerships for students & DOs in all practice types and specialties. Live and On-Demand CME Choose from hundreds of options for live and on-demand CME, searchable by specialty and location. Research Opportunities Learn about funded AOA research projects and grant opportunities for DOs and students. Federal & State Advocacy Support our work to ensure the voices of DOs and their patients are heard. Explore membership Hector Zelaya · DO “I’ve been to other medical conferences, but OMED is truly special. It’s an opportunity for our profession to come together.” More on OMED... Andrea Read · DO “The field of health care is changing rapidly, and we need to keep the focus on our patients. DOs are uniquely positioned to do that.” More on practicing medicine... Scott Cyrus · DO “The AOA has a strong influence on the world of medicine, especially when it comes to health policy and physician reimbursement.” More on advocacy... Get Our Latest Updates. Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Email * Δ This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. AOA Give us a call (312) 202-8000 American Osteopathic Association 142 E. Ontario St. Chicago, IL 60611-2864 CONTACT US Student Doctors Resident Physicians AOA Online Store Work at the AOA AOA Membership OMED AOA News AOA Advertising Policy For Media For Credentialers For GME Leaders COCA Copyright © 2026 AOA. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map We’ve upgraded! We’re introducing a new way for you to log in to the AOA’s websites. If you haven't already established your new login credentials, here's how to get started: Your username This is the email address associated with your AOA account. Your password You'll begin setting this up by clicking “Forgot password?” on the login page . If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the AOA Member Resource Center . Continue to new login page