Home | SUNY Oswego Skip to main content Info For Current Students Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Parents and Families Alumni Community Members Apply Visit Give News & Events Athletics Email Brightspace myOswego Library A-Z Index University Calendar Academic Calendar Dining Menu About Fast Facts History and Traditions Our Region Maps, Parking, and Directions Diversity and Inclusion Environment and Sustainability University Leadership Contact Us Tuition & Aid Undergraduate Tuition Graduate Tuition Summer and Winter Tuition Financial Aid Scholarships Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs 5-Year Programs Online Programs Microcredentials Summer and Winter Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Schedule a Visit Request Information Apply Student Life Living at Oswego Dining Experience Student Activities Health and Wellness Athletics and Recreation Search Oswego.edu Search About Fast Facts History and Traditions Our Region Maps, Parking, and Directions Diversity and Inclusion Environment and Sustainability University Leadership Contact Us Tuition & Aid Undergraduate Tuition Graduate Tuition Summer and Winter Tuition Financial Aid Scholarships Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs 5-Year Programs Online Programs Microcredentials Summer and Winter Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Schedule a Visit Request Information Apply Student Life Living at Oswego Dining Experience Student Activities Health and Wellness Athletics and Recreation News & Events Athletics Quick Links Email Brightspace myOswego Library A-Z Index University Calendar Academic Calendar Dining Menu Apply Visit Give Your Story Starts Here Plan your visit Take a campus tour, meet future classmates, and imagine your life at SUNY Oswego. Breadcrumb SUNY Oswego 851 Become a Laker Ready to Apply? Take the next step toward becoming a Laker — our application is quick, and we’re here to help if you need it. Apply Now Academics Find Your Program Our extensive educational offerings and supportive community foster growth, break down barriers, and empower impact and innovation. Discover Programs Trending now EDUCATION BUILT AROUND YOU A Smart Path to Your Degree Flexible degrees, online options, and real support—designed for working adults ready to finish what they started or start something new. DISCOVER YOUR PATH Short. Focused. Flexible. Winter Sessions Stay on track or get ahead with SUNY Oswego’s 100% online Winter Sessions. In just a few weeks, you can earn credits from anywhere — with the support and quality you expect from Oswego. Register Today SHAPING OUR FUTURE Our Strategic Plan A bold vision for Oswego’s next chapter. Explore how we’re driving innovation, growth, and opportunity for all. Learn More Student Life Vibrant Community Immerse yourself in all our campus has to offer — whatever your interests, hobbies and passions. Pretty soon, Oswego will start to feel like home. Life at Oswego Why SUNY Oswego? Affordability For All World-class learning, low-cost tuition, and the power to pursue your dreams for less. Faculty Committed to Your Success Our dedicated faculty offer personalized mentorship and an immersive, practical education to help you excel. Career and World-Ready We offer career resources and support for life. Supported by a guaranteed alumni mentor and wide-reaching 94,000+ strong alumni network. Success by the Lake Our lakeside campus offers a serene environment for learning and living, with soothing waves and breathtaking sunsets. It’s truly a unique experience. SUNY Oswego does so much to celebrate first-generation students. It feels special to be part of a group where we’re recognized for our unique journeys. It’s a great opportunity to meet people, share stories and know we’re not alone. Read Mary’s Story 〉 Mary Kwofie Wellness Management The hands-on experience that I’ve gained because of SUNY Oswego’s connections and the alumni, have opened up doors for me like I could never believe. Working PGA championship, Buffalo Bills games, March Madness. It’s something I dreamed of as a little kid... Read Melinda’s Story 〉 Melinda Brancato Public Relations I wanted to be involved in Rich ’N’ Pour because as a transfer student I was late to the party already. I thought this experience would not only give me real-world business experience, but help me get up to speed with the culture and meet people... Read Paul’s Story 〉 Paul Lomanto Finance The SUNY Oswego community will accept you and your unique identity. Embrace challenges and participate in everything the campus has to offer. It’s an opportunity to grow, not just academically but personally. Read Jigyasha’s Story 〉 Jigyasha Chataut Sociology SUNY Oswego really allowed me to build an education that fits my life, as a mom, a full-time 911 operator and adult learner returning to finish my degree. Read Shayla’s Story 〉 Shayla Shuler Integrative Professional Studies (IPS) The way you’re treated as a veteran is really how you represent it. Faculty and students here are respectful and value the sacrifices we’ve suffered and sometimes are still suffering. Read Rob’s Story 〉 Rob Davenport Studio Art Your Story Starts Here Visit Campus We are excited to welcome you and your family for a campus tour. Led by a current Oswego student, learn more about what makes our lakeside campus truly unique. Plan Your Visit 7060 State Route 104 Oswego, NY 13126-3599 315.312.2500 Apply Request Info Visit 7060 State Route 104 Oswego, NY 13126-3599 315.312.2500 Campus Contact us Commitment to safety Library Resources A-Z index Accessibility Careers at Oswego Consumer Information: Student Right to Know People search More Report an accessibility issue About this site Privacy policy © State University of New York at Oswego