City of Ottawa City of Ottawa English Français ottawa.ca Changes to blue and black bin collection start January 1, 2026 December 31, 2025 Ben Franklin Place skating rink is open Rink of Dreams is open Sledding permitted at approved hills Open air fires are permitted with a burn permit No winter weather parking restrictions in effect Jim Tubman Chevrolet Rink is open Lansdowne Park skating court is open Show all Parking, roads, and travel pay your ticket, road and sidewalk maintenance, parking permits… Recreation and parks registration, drop-in activities, rentals, outdoor recreation, swimming, skating, fitness, sport... Jobs with the City search for jobs, create and update profile… Garbage and recycling collection calendar, waste explorer, get a green, blue and/or black bin… Planning, development and construction Committee of Adjustment, Official Plan and master plans, community design plans… City Hall mayor and councillors, budget, public engagement, funding, accessibility services, French language services… 3-1-1 report or request, pay or purchase, apply or register, client service centres, find people... Living in Ottawa property taxes, by-laws, licenses and permits, animals and pets, water and environment… Family and social services child care, finding a job, financial assistance, housing, long-term care… Health and public safety Ottawa Public Health, emergency preparedness, police, fire and paramedic services… Business procurement, business licences, accounts payable, business assistance and growth… Arts, heritage and events Ottawa tourism, events, theatres, music, art galleries, fairs, museums… What's new Newsroom news releases, notices, advisories... Holiday season schedule changes Garbage, transit, city services and more – all the holiday season impacts you need to know. Sober drivers equal safer roads! During the holidays – or any time of year, don’t drink and drive. OttaTalk Episode 10: When is my bus coming? Statement from regional Medical Officers of Health Rise in serious flu cases in children Stay on track: How to keep sledding safer this season Safe sledding tips – including wearing a helmet. Blue and black bin collection changes – who to contact Beginning January 1, recycling related inquiries should be directed to Miller Waste. Dry and low-water wells Private well users encouraged to conserve water City Hall Mayor's corner Get to know Ottawa's Mayor, Mark Sutcliffe. Mayor and City Councillors Get to know your Ottawa City Councillors. Committees and Boards membership, terms of reference, meeting agendas and minutes... Agendas, minutes and videos live stream Council and committee meetings, meeting dates and agenda material, archived meetings… Contact us Online En ligne By phone Par téléphone In-person En personne Problem with the website Un problème concernant le site Web About us Accessibilité Avertissement Confidentialité Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Protocoles Protocols Follow us Bluesky Bluesky Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram X Platform Plateforme X YouTube YouTube Cyberabonnements eSubscriptions LinkedIn LinkedIn Report or Request Parking issues Problèmes de stationnement Garbage collection La collecte des déchets Sidewalk and road maintenance Entretien des trottoirs et routes Property damage Entretien des propriétés Problem with the website Un problème concernant le site Web Web experience survey × Would you like to participate in a 2-3 minute web experience survey to help us improve our website?

If YES, a new window will open in the background so you can come back to it when you are finished on the website.

Thank you for considering to help out. Yes No