Product

Support

Collaborations

Get The App
With Ottai, Your
Wellness Partner
Ottai Continuous Glucose Monitoring System helps you track glucose and build healthier habits.
You can shop Ottai products at
What is the Ottai
Continuous Glucose Monitoring System?
A CGM, or continuous glucose monitor, is a compact, low-profile device worn on your arm that continuously and in real time monitors your glucose levels with minimal intrusion.
Provides insights on glucose levels
Continuous glucose monitoring provides insight into how your glucose levels fluctuate throughout the day.
Track how activity influence patterns
Learn More
Ottai CGM - Free your body
A 1.6g weight, coin-size sensor that gives you the utmost freedom
Full Video
Discover how CGMS can be integrated
into your daily routine
The missing piece in your journey
Work Efficiently
Developing lasting habits
Achieve weight goals
Manage stress
Sleep Better
Discover Ottai APP
Get assistance from AI
Download
Compact, Light and Simple
The most powerful CGM system
Accurate
Clinically proven result of 8.11% for MARD
Waterproof
IPX8 Certified Waterproof Design
Comfortable
Small as a coin (24mm x 3.5mm), light as a feather (1.6g)
Simplicity
Easy to apply in one step
AI-reinforced
World's first CGM to integrate AI technologies
Affordable
The most affordable device for 14+1 days of CGM
Anytime
Even when you are asleep, we will better protect your health through high / low glucose alarms.
Anywhere
Ottai CGM can be linked to your smartwatch, allowing you to better monitor your data.
Professional Glucose Report
Clinical approved blood glucose report with customize range selection (Minimum 5 days), easy to download and share
Contact us via online chat, email, or phone
Learn More
Find User Guides for Ottai Products
Learn More
Search For Ottai Support
Learn More

Products

Home
Ottai CGM
Download App

Support

User guides
FAQs
About us
Contact us
Track order

Information

Become our partner
Careers
Shipping policy
Return & refunds

Newsletter Sign Up!

Email address
Subscribe
By entering your email address, you agree to receive emails and marketing information from Ottai and our partners.

Follow us on

Copyright © 2025 Ottai. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Ottai AI
Ottai AI is a smart assistant designed to support your health and wellness journey. By utilizing advanced algorithms, it provides helpful insights and guidance tailored to your needs, making it easier to stay on track and make informed decisions.
Start now
We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience. Our cookies share data about your use of our website with analytics, social media platforms and other advertising partners in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. By continuing to browse this site, you consent to the sharing of your cookies with us..
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
x