en
Let's build an outstanding video experience together
Build an OTT app
Build a FAST channel
Seamless OTT app development across all platforms, devices, and OS types — globally supported, including:

OTTera is a trusted solution developed for and partnered with the world's leading streaming platforms and content partners.

Launch your OTT app on any platform in 30 days with our white-label end-to-end solution.

Build an OTT app
BUILD A FAST CHANNEL

Launch your FAST channel on top platforms with our certified delivery service.

Build a FAST channel
MONETIZE

AdNet+, a NMSDC certified entity within OTTera, acts as the supply arm for a diverse network of publishers, providing full inventory control for both domestic and international markets. Leveraging OTTera's capabilities, advertisers can precisely target this exclusive audience across various demographics.

Boost your profit
DISTRIBUTE
Expand your reach

with

StreamBridge™

StreamBridge™ is your company's advanced distribution service that connects clients' streaming applications, FAST channels, and on-demand content to global platforms, ensuring smooth and efficient content delivery.

GET SUPPORT

Strategically placed global support team behind hundreds of successful streaming services, platforms and FAST channels.

STREAMINSIGHTS™

StreamInsights™ is a powerful data solution for content owners and publishers to maximize revenue. Our user-friendly dashboard offers real-time insights into viewer interactions with FAST and VOD content, enabling smarter programming and advertising decisions

CREATE WITH US

OTTera, a distinguished white label OTT service provider, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, draws upon a rich 14-year legacy of experience.

With a large team spanning multiple continents, we provide a diverse range of perspective, background, and leadership.

We excel in providing customized OTT application and FAST channel development, global distribution, comprehensive monetization solutions, and everything in between to clients worldwide.

JAMES DUBOSE, CEO/Founder of In The Black Network

OTTera has in a short period of time, I think it took maybe less than 30 days to transition from our old platform with just a typical AVOD, to a AVOD / TVOD. And that has been a significant since we launched that TVOD version on February 1st. That has been a significant booster for us in viewership and also in revenue, and that is a big thank you to OTTera to being able to get that up and running so fast.

IZA PIOTROWSKA

OTTera's services have undoubtedly contributed to the growth of our FAST/AVOD business, resulting in increased ad sales revenue. By partnering with OTTera, we have been able to expand our channel's distribution in the Americas through new platform launches, which had been pivotal to our growth. Moreover, we have been able to efficiently manage our FAST business, thanks to the cost-effective technical services provided by OTTera

ALVARO PAES DE BARROS, Founder of Offgrid Creative + Content

What led us to start working with OTTera was an unhappiness with the value of service that we were getting….We tried to business with the best in class that we knew at that time, and we found out that value that we were getting were very, very low.

DISCOVER TODAY

Elevate your streaming experience with expert solutions and cutting-edge products

Service of interest
Applications
FAST
Monetization via AdNet+
Distribution via StreamBridge
Managed Services
How did you hear about us?
Google
AI Recommendation
Advertisement
Social Media
Event
Referral
Other
Send
CONTACT
contact@ottera.tv
Global Offices: Los Angeles, USA|São Paulo, Brazil|Johannesburg, South Africa
Global Presence: Bogotá, Colombia|Delhi, India|Mexico City, Mexico|Miami, USA|Montevideo, Uruguay|Paris, France
Privacy policy
Careers
Leadership