Oura Ring. Smart Ring for Fitness, Stress, Sleep & Health. Skip Navigation to Main Content Free trial offer at checkout: Natural Cycles non-hormonal birth control Shop Health Features Experience For Organizations There are no items in your cart Menu Long live living longer For 2026, make the choice that can lead to a longer, healthier life with Oura Ring 4. Shop Now Oura Ring 4 Explore Shop Oura Ring 4 Ceramic Explore Shop Oura Membership gives your body a voice Why Oura Sleep and Rest Get the best sleep of your life Wellness and Longevity Don't just live longer, live healthier Activity and Fitness Bring your fitness goals into focus Heart Health Listen to what your heart is telling you Women's Health Understand the ins and outs of women's health Stress Put your stress to the test FORM MEETS FUNCTION Built for accuracy, designed for your every day Comfortably wear Oura Ring all day and night to collect deeply personal health metrics and insights. Your finger provides the most accurate reading of over 20 biometrics that directly impact how you feel. How It Works Starting your day Oura has become my daily compass, keeping me on the right track. Jussi L., Oura Member Taking a walk Under the weather My Oura data is my form of guided decision-making. Linda D., Oura Member Winding down Oura was the first step in improving my sleep. It was the start of my healing journey. Rhonda C., Oura Member Hosting a party Starting your day Taking a walk Under the weather Winding down Hosting a party Starting your day Oura has become my daily compass, keeping me on the right track. Jussi L., Oura Member Taking a walk Under the weather My Oura data is my form of guided decision-making. Linda D., Oura Member Winding down Oura was the first step in improving my sleep. It was the start of my healing journey. Rhonda C., Oura Member Hosting a party IN THE NEWS FEATURED ARTICLE Fast Company: Oura Ring now comes in 4 new colors to match your mood Read More Forbes: OURA Reveals Cutting-Edge New Health Features For Oura Ring Oprah Daily: The Oura Ring Just Got Smarter With Perimenopause and Pregnancy Tracking TIME: How Oura Keeps Pushing Smart Ring Tech Forward Forbes: OURA Reveals Cutting-Edge New Health Features For Oura Ring Oprah Daily: The Oura Ring Just Got Smarter With Perimenopause and Pregnancy Tracking TIME: How Oura Keeps Pushing Smart Ring Tech Forward Payment Options Instant Checkout PayPal Apple Pay Google Pay Major Cards Accepted Visa Mastercard American Express Instant Checkout PayPal Apple Pay Google Pay PayPal Apple Pay Google Pay Visa Mastercard American Express Receive articles, tips, and offers from Oura We care about protecting your data. Read more in our Privacy Policy . We care about protecting your data. Read more in our Privacy Policy . Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility FCC Compliance IP Notice Security Center ©  2025 Oura Health Oy. All rights reserved. ŌURA, OURA, and Ō are trademarks of Oura Health Oy and may not be used without permission. English