Welcome to the House of Commons of Canada - House of Commons of Canada Skip to main content Parliament of Canada Visit Parliament Visit Français FR Share Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Menu Parliamentary Business Parliamentary Business - Home The House Sitting Calendar House Publications Bills (LEGIS info ) Written Questions Petitions Votes Search the Debates (Hansard) Status of House Business Committees List of Committees and Overview Meetings Bills in Committee (LEGIS info ) Studies, Activities and Reports Search the Transcripts Participate Resources Procedural Information Library of Parliament Legislative Summaries Research Publications Parliamentary Historical Resources (1867-1993) Parliamentary Diplomacy Parliamentary Diplomacy - Home Speakers' Activities Parliamentary Associations Visits and Events Conferences Parliamentary Officers' Study Program Members Members - Home Members and Roles Members of Parliament The Speaker Ministry (Cabinet) Parliamentary Secretaries Party Leaders and other House Officers Related Information Party Standings Seating Plan Members' Expenditures Registry of Designated Travellers A Member's Typical Week Resources Contact Members of Parliament Constituencies Library of Parliament Historical Information (PARLINFO) Participate Participate - Home The House Attend Live Debates Watch and Listen to Chamber Proceedings Create or Sign a Petition A Typical Week at the House Contact a Member of Parliament Follow a Bill (LEGIS info ) Committees Attend Meetings Watch and Listen to Committee Proceedings Current Consultations How to Submit a Brief and Appear Layout of a Typical Committee Room Contact a Committee Resources Procedural Information Library of Parliament Classroom Activities Teacher Resources Teachers Institute About the House About the House - Home Transparency and accountability Board of Internal Economy By-Laws and Policies Members' Allowances and Services House Administration Reports and Disclosure Conflict of Interest Code for Members Accessibility Arts and Heritage History, Art and Architecture Future of the Parliamentary Precinct Memorial Chamber Carillon In pictures Virtual Tour of the House Live Hill Cam Photo Gallery Employment Employment - Home Working for the administration Current Opportunities at the House of Commons Eligibility and Selection General Application Who We Are and What We Offer Student Opportunities Student Employment Page Program Parliamentary Internship Programme Working for a Member of Parliament Current Listed Opportunities Working for a Member of Parliament Search Search Search Search Source Full website Member Bill Topic Petition Writen Question Parliamentary Business Parliamentary Business - Home The House Sitting Calendar House Publications Bills (LEGIS info ) Written Questions Petitions Votes Search the Debates (Hansard) Status of House Business Committees List of Committees and Overview Meetings Bills in Committee (LEGIS info ) Studies, Activities and Reports Search the Transcripts Participate Resources Procedural Information Library of Parliament Legislative Summaries Research Publications Parliamentary Historical Resources (1867-1993) Parliamentary Diplomacy Parliamentary Diplomacy - Home Speakers' Activities Parliamentary Associations Visits and Events Conferences Parliamentary Officers' Study Program Members Members - Home Members and Roles Members of Parliament The Speaker Ministry (Cabinet) Parliamentary Secretaries Party Leaders and other House Officers Related Information Party Standings Seating Plan Members' Expenditures Registry of Designated Travellers A Member's Typical Week Resources Contact Members of Parliament Constituencies Library of Parliament Historical Information (PARLINFO) Participate Participate - Home The House Attend Live Debates Watch and Listen to Chamber Proceedings Create or Sign a Petition A Typical Week at the House Contact a Member of Parliament Follow a Bill (LEGIS info ) Committees Attend Meetings Watch and Listen to Committee Proceedings Current Consultations How to Submit a Brief and Appear Layout of a Typical Committee Room Contact a Committee Resources Procedural Information Library of Parliament Classroom Activities Teacher Resources Teachers Institute About the House About the House - Home Transparency and accountability Board of Internal Economy By-Laws and Policies Members' Allowances and Services House Administration Reports and Disclosure Conflict of Interest Code for Members Accessibility Arts and Heritage History, Art and Architecture Future of the Parliamentary Precinct Memorial Chamber Carillon In pictures Virtual Tour of the House Live Hill Cam Photo Gallery Employment Employment - Home Working for the administration Current Opportunities at the House of Commons Eligibility and Selection General Application Who We Are and What We Offer Student Opportunities Student Employment Page Program Parliamentary Internship Programme Working for a Member of Parliament Current Listed Opportunities Working for a Member of Parliament Search Search Search Search Source Full website Member Bill Topic Petition Writen Question Welcome to the House of Commons Visit Learn Participate In the House Agenda and Publications Committee Meetings Members' Work In the House In the House Adjourned Watch Live The House is adjourned until Monday, January 26, 2026. A vote is in progress. Go to the Live Vote web page to follow the results live. Live Vote Projected Order of Business Tentative working agenda listing items of business expected to be taken up on a particular sitting. Latest Order Paper and Notice Paper Official agenda, listing all items that may be taken up on a particular sitting. Latest Debates (Hansard) Full-length record of what is said in the House. Latest Journals Official record of the decisions and other transactions of the House. Agenda and Publications Agenda and Publications Agenda Publications House Agenda Publications Monday, January 26, 2026. Subject to change without notice. The agenda is not available yet. Projected Order of Business Tentative working agenda listing items of business expected to be taken up on a particular sitting. Latest Order Paper and Notice Paper Official agenda, listing all items that may be taken up on a particular sitting. Latest Debates (Hansard) Full-length record of what is said in the House. Latest Journals Official record of the decisions and other transactions of the House. Show more Show less Committee Meetings Committee Meetings Tuesday, December 30, 2025 Earlier (0) Ongoing (1) Later (0) Earlier (0) Ongoing (1) Later (0) Previous Meeting Next Meeting There were no meetings scheduled earlier today. Meeting 1 of 1 Previous Meeting Next Meeting Justice and Human Rights (JUST) December 9, 2025 3:32 p.m. (EST) Webcast Studies and Activities Bill C-9, Combatting Hate Act Notice of Meeting Suspended Watch Live Watch Live Previous Meeting Next Meeting There are no meetings scheduled for later today. All Upcoming Meetings List of Committees and Overview Members' Work Members' Work 45th Parliament, 1st Session (May 26, 2025 - Present) 343 Members In office Liberal : 171 Conservative : 142 Bloc Québécois : 22 NDP : 7 Green Party : 1 125 Bills Presented An idea to make a new law or change an existing law starts out as a bill. 59 Votes Recorded Compilation of recorded votes, where the names of those voting for and against a motion are registered. 394 Petitions Presented Petitions are an easy way to participate in Canada's democracy. 73 Committee Reports Presented Committees are small groups of parliamentarians created to perform key tasks, such as presenting reports to the House. 762 Written Questions Presented Compilation of written questions posed by Members of Parliament and the government's responses to these questions. Most Discussed Topics in the House Main estimates 2025-2026 Supplementary Estimates (A) 2025-2026 Budget 2025 (November 4) Safety Borders More topics Find Find Member Bill Topic Petition Written Question Full website Member Bill Topic Petition Written Question Full website Tab panes Find a Member Name, postal code or constituency Find a Member All Members of Parliament By province or territory Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Nova Scotia Northwest Territories Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon By political affiliation Bloc Québécois Caucus Conservative Caucus Green Party Caucus Liberal Caucus New Democratic Party Caucus Find a bill Bill number or title Find a bill Legislation at a glance All bills (LEGIS info ) Find a topic Name, text, topics or constituency Find a topic Search: Debates (Hansard) Committee evidence Journals Find a petition Subject, petition #, content or M.P. Find a petition View all petitions Petitions open for signature Petitions with government responses Find a written question Written question number, topic or M.P. Find a written question View all questions submitted this session View all questions answered this session Search the website Search the website Search the website Business Calendar Business Calendar Select a date to view past or scheduled Parliamentary Business. Previous month December 2025 Sunday Sun Monday Mon Tuesday Tue Wednesday Wed Thursday Thu Friday Fri Saturday Sat 1 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 2 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 3 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 4 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 5 House Sitting Day House Publications 6 7 8 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 9 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 10 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 11 House Sitting Day Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House Publications 12 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 13 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 14 15 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 16 17 House Publications 18 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 19 20 21 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January 2026 Next month Sunday Sun Monday Mon Tuesday Tue Wednesday Wed Thursday Thu Friday Fri Saturday Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 14 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 15 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 16 17 18 19 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 20 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 21 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 22 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 23 24 25 26 House Sitting Day 27 House Sitting Day 28 House Sitting Day Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 29 House Sitting Day Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 30 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events 31 Parliamentary Diplomacy Events Year -- 2025 >NextYear Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. This calendar goes as far back as December 3, 2015. Previous business can be consulted by selecting relevant links on this page. House Sitting Days House Publications Committee Meetings Parliamentary Diplomacy Events House sitting calendar Information and Events Information and Events See all news Social Media The #HoC is on social media Follow the House of Commons today! You Might Be Interested In ... The Speaker of the House Bills (LEGIS info ) Petitions Written Questions Info for Media × Loading... Open in a new window Close Senate Library of Parliament Parliamentary Protective Service Employment at Parliament Follow Us Important Notices Open Data Info for Media Site Map Accessibility Contact Us