Ours.com - A professional webhosting company. Web hosting in an affordable way. .. An
                    Introduction We opened our doors to hosting in
                  1995, and we have been hosting companies with professional
                  websites since then. The
            Team Web Hosting Control Panel PHP
                    4.2.3, CGI, Perl 5.6, MySQL 10 Email and FTP accounts Fast, Free Email and phone tech support Domain name registration Website
                    hosting help Reseller
                    Hosting Available Streaming Audio/Video Website design services Mr.
              Vicken Madenian (Mind2Web.com) This
              is the most professional service we have been working with. Reliability,
            Ease of use in creating new accounts & very knowledgeable. Hosting
                Accounts We
              have hosting accounts for the regular website owner as well as
              the corporation that needs GigaBytes upon Gigabyte worth of space
              to store their files. Emergency
                On-Site Response? If
                you are local and need emergency on-site response, we send our
                technical specialists to your company to fix your problems and
                get you up and running. Industry Standard rates… More
                Info If you don’t
like the service within the first 30 days. We will tear up the contract. You
are under no obligation to continue. details 10
                                  Email addresses 50
                                  MB Storage Space PHP,
                                  PERL 20
                                  Email addresses 1000
                                  Mb Storage Space PHP,
                                  PERL 10
                                        Email Addresses 100
                                        Mb Storage
                                        Space Shopping
                                        Cart (100 products www.ours.com About
          Us | Hosting
          Plans | Products & Services | Control
          Panel | Customer
          Support | Contact
          Us Copyright ©
          ours.com Div of AmeriConcepts Inc.,1996-2006 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | User Agreement | Links to other Services What are thumbshots? ChoiceRadio.com Internet Radio Inc | | Hosting by BuildWebsite.com | | Mousepad.com Thanks for visiting our site. Please visit the links we have above.