Outbrain Direct Response is a subsidiary of the new Teads.

Discover how the new Teads delivers elevated outcomes, from branding to performance, following the merger of Outbrain and Teads.

Visit Teads Website
Skip Navigation
Advertisers
Media Owners
Company
Resources
Get Started
Log In
Driving Performance, Elevating Outcomes

We pioneered performance marketing on the Open Internet. Now, as part of Teads, we’re driving superior outcomes with greater scale and unmatched performance.

Get Started
	
	
	
	
Maximize Your ROI with Outbrain Direct Response

We provide the tools and expertise you need to drive exceptional performance. Benefit from our enhanced unique reach, deep contextual insights, advanced targeting and predictive AI technology. Let us help you achieve your most ambitious goals.

Get Started
Data Never Lies. Neither Do Our Partners.
+35%

Time Spent vs. Social

-90%

CPA vs. Social

-15%

CPL vs. Social

Nearly Two Decades of Defining Performance Standards.

For over ten years, we've set the benchmark for performance marketing on the Open Internet. With proven performance strategies, we understand the unique needs of affiliates and search buyers.

As Outbrain Direct Response, we're committed to not just keeping pace, but leading the charge into the future. With our expanded resources and innovative solutions, we continue to lead performance marketing.

Read More
Customer-Centricity

Your success is our priority.

Agility & Flexibility

Adapting quickly to market and advertiser needs.

Data-Driven Results

Optimized campaigns based on real-time analytics.

Seamless Integration

Work smarter with our technology and support

Continuity Meets Innovation.
It's the same commitment, amplified.

You know us as the driving force behind performance marketing on the Open Internet.

Now, as Outbrain Direct Response, we remain committed to innovation, scale, and results. We're maintaining the core principles that have driven your success, while building a platform and a team hyper-focused as never before on helping you achieve exceptional outcomes on the Open Internet.

Our team is not just here to reply to emails. It’s your true day-to-day partner to help you succeed. We are a truly global scale, with a presence in 8 offices around the world, speaking 17 languages.

Get Started

Outbrain’s bid automation technology and top-tier account management support were key factors that made Outbrain an important partner for our lead generation efforts. By prioritizing high-quality leads, the results obtained have increased our clients’ satisfaction and enabled us to effectively engage with our desired audiences.

Léo Hauet & Kilian Le Menestrel

Co-founders & CEOs

hipto

By placing our brand message within a high-quality and trusted environment, our brand gains exposure and engagement with valuable audiences. In addition, the transparent reports and optimization tools provided by the platform allow us to easily track results, continuously maximize delivery strategies, and achieve strong user traffic and influence in the long term. Outbrain has become an indispensable partner in our advertising mix.

Linda Wan

Global Digital Advertising Manager

EcoFlow

Collaborating with various platforms was key to achieve our business objectives, but the results we've seen from Outbrain have been particularly astounding. We recognize that securing high-value customers is crucial not only for our immediate goals but also for the sustained success of our business in the long term. We are grateful for Outbrain’s exceptional advertising technology and the dedication of its team members.

Don Chen

Senior Advertising Optimization Specialist

TORRAS Global

Outbrain’s bid automation technology and top-tier account management support were key factors that made Outbrain an important partner for our lead generation efforts. By prioritizing high-quality leads, the results obtained have increased our clients’ satisfaction and enabled us to effectively engage with our desired audiences.

Léo Hauet & Kilian Le Menestrel

Co-founders & CEOs

hipto

By placing our brand message within a high-quality and trusted environment, our brand gains exposure and engagement with valuable audiences. In addition, the transparent reports and optimization tools provided by the platform allow us to easily track results, continuously maximize delivery strategies, and achieve strong user traffic and influence in the long term. Outbrain has become an indispensable partner in our advertising mix.

Linda Wan

Global Digital Advertising Manager

EcoFlow

Start Now
Create your campaign with an Outbrain expert.
Get Started
×
Brand-New Podcast Live

Hosted by Joe Addona and brought to you by Outbrain Direct Response, this podcast is for marketers who set trends.

No fluff– just bold strategies, real insights, and actionable lessons.
Don't miss the first episode! Listen now and follow us on:

Listen Now

Outbrain Direct Response (ODR) by Teads uses years of performance expertise to boost ROI across the open internet, combining unique reach, contextual insights, and predictive AI technology.

Outbrain Direct Response is a subsidiary of the new Teads. Visit Teads website to discover how it delivers elevated outcomes, from branding to performance.

Advertisers
Advertisers
Ads Specs
Buy Your Way
Advertiser Guidelines
Advertising FAQ
Support
Insights
Advertising Glossary
Vertical Insights
Vertical Hub
Performance
Affiliate Marketing
Affiliate Hub
High-Conversion Content
Repurpose Social Campaigns
About Us
About Us
Leadership
Join Us
Trust & Transparency
News
Contact Us
Resources
Blog
Resources Hub
Case Studies
Help Center
Interest-Based Ads (Opt Out)
Advertiser Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Security
Patents
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2025 Outbrain Inc. All rights reserved. Teads is a trademark of Teads Holding Co.
Your preferences about cookies
This website uses cookies, some of which are strictly necessary for this website to operate correctly, some of which are designed to improve your experience or give us aggregated analytics about our visitors (functional and performance cookies) and some of which are for advertising, marketing and targeting purposes. You are able to make your choice below by accepting all cookies or disabling all cookies (except for strictly necessary cookies). To review your options, please click on “Cookies Settings''. For more information about how Outbrain processes your personal data and uses cookies, or to review your choices later, please refer to Outbrain’s Privacy Policy.
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept Cookies