GearLab | The World's Best Outdoor Product Reviews facebook instagram pinterest twitter search envelope-o check plus-circle minus-circle chevron-circle-right times-rectangle facebook2 instagram2 twitter2 pinterest2 Reviews You Can Rely On Home Men's Women's Footwear Hike/Camp Climb Bike Snow Paddle Fitness Travel GearLab reviews are ad-free and entirely reader-supported. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission, which helps support our testing. Learn more . Best Coolers We do testing in the lab so you can focus on having fun Read the Reviews Ad-free. Influence-free. Powered by Testing. GearLab is founded on the principle of honest, objective, reviews. Our experts test thousands of products each year using thoughtful test plans that bring out key performance differences between competing products. And, to assure complete independence, we buy all the products we test ourselves. No cherry-picked units sent by manufacturers. No sponsored content. No ads. Just real, honest, side-by-side testing and comparison. Learn More Top Sections Men's Clothing Women's Clothing Shoes & Boots Hiking & Camping Snow Gear Fitness Gear Hiking, Backpacking & Camping Backpacking , Tents , Hiking , Camping or see all in Hike/Backpack/Camp 10 Best Sleeping Bags A great sleeping bag can make your overnight stays in the outdoors more comfortable and more enjoyable. If you're on a... The Ultimate Camping Gear Checklist Looking for a great camping packing list? We've got you covered. Our expert camping editors have compiled this... The Best Camping Shower Being outside doesn't mean you have to sacrifice cleanliness or comfort. Depending on the shower you buy, you could... Men's Clothing Rain Jackets , Down Jackets , Hiking Pants or see all in Men's Clothing The Best Ski Jackets for Men Staying warm and dry on the slopes is hugely important — getting cold and wet can put a quick, miserable end to your... The Best Boxer Briefs for Men We bought 18 men's boxer briefs and worked our buns off to find the best. We wore these boxers daily, working in them... The Best Insulated Jackets Looking for a synthetic insulating layer without the cost and maintenance of down insulation? We have tested over 60... Women's Clothing Rain Jackets , Down Jackets , Sun Shirts or see all in Women's Clothing The Best Hiking Pants for Women As women, we all know finding the right balance between fit and functionality in hiking pants can be a challenge. We... The Best Winter Jackets for Women Sick of being so cold in the winter that you're always dying to get back indoors? We get it -- winter can be... Best Softshell Jackets for Women We've tested over 65 different women's softshells since 2012, and this review features 9 current jackets, both active... Shoes & Boots Hiking Boots ( Men's & Women's ), Hiking Shoes ( Men's & Women's ), Trail Running Shoes ( Men's & Women's ) or see all in Footwear 10 Best Sandals Are you still searching for your sandal "sole" mate? We know finding the right pair can be a task. Our male and female... 10 Best Slippers A cozy, soft pair of slippers can make getting out of bed on a cold day a little bit more bearable, and sometimes, a... The Best Winter Boots for Men It can be hard to determine which boots will give you the protection you need for the conditions you experience during... Climbing Climbing Shoes ( Men's & Women's ), Harnesses , Belay Devices , Mountaineering or see all in Climbing Best Climbing Gear Welcome to the Holy Grail of climbing gear lists! Here you will find our top picks: the gear our climber-testers would... The Best Climbing Shoes for Men For over a decade, we have purchased and tested the best climbing shoes to test side-by-side. Our team of certified... The Best Climbing Shoes for Women Over the past decade, our team has tested more than 50 of the best women's climbing shoes. We purchased 15 of today's... Biking Best Mountain Bikes , Electric Bikes , Bike Racks , Bike Locks or see all in Biking Best Bike Gear We put together our dream team of bike-related products and accessories -- everything we would choose for our perfect... Best Mountain Bike Helmets | Impact Tested Whether you're riding chunky singletrack or crushing cross-country trails, crashes are part of the game when it comes... Best Mountain Bike Flat Pedal Shoes The right, or wrong, mountain bike shoe can make or break your ride. Having a shoe that provides a solid connection... Snow Sports Backcountry Skiing , Downhill Skiing , Snowboarding , Winter gear or see all in Snow Sports The Best Ski Pants for Women If you're trying to find which pants can keep you dry when the weather turns stormy, keep more change in your pocket... Best Ski Gear A successful day on the mountain largely depends on staying warm, dry, and comfortable. Whether you're a beginner... The Best Ski Pants for Men A great pair of ski pants insulates you from the cold and keeps moisture out so you can spend longer on the slopes... Paddling Kayaking , Stand-up Paddle Boarding , PFDs or see all in Paddling Best Water Gear With the right gear, staying active and enjoying warm, sunny days on the water is easy. Our gear list features only... The Best Stand Up Paddle Boards Paddle boards are one of our favorite ways to spend a relaxing day out on the water. Traditional hard boards can be... The Best Dry Bags Whether you are kayaking, camping, or caught in a sudden downpour, a dry bag is a multitasking adventure companion... Fitness Training , Yoga , Exercise Bikes , Treadmills or see all in Fitness The Best Weight Vests Looking to amp up your fitness routine? We researched dozens of the best weight vests available today and purchased... Best Running Gear We have hands-on experience with almost every type of gear you may need as a runner, and even some that you don't (but... 10 Best Running Vests Staying hydrated while on the go is essential. Whether trekking through the mountains or pounding the pavement, a... Travel Car Roof Box , Luggage , Duffel Bags or see all in Travel The Ultimate Travel Packing List Planning your next getaway and wondering what you need to pack for your travels? Our expert travel gear editors have... The 10 Best Backpacks A great pack is essential for life's adventures. After all, everyone needs a way to carry their stuff around. We've... The Best Messenger Bags Though the shape and design of messenger bags have evolved and expanded dramatically over the years, the original... Recent Gear Reviews See all recent product reviews Editors' Choice TRX HexGrip Review The TRX HexGrip is our top choice for an adjustable weight vest. We find it very comfortable to run in and love the... Editors' Choice Rogue Plate Carrier Review Are you looking for a way to take your workouts to the next level? Our testing team loved using the Rogue Plate... Top Pick Canyon Deflectr RLS Helmet Review A radically different helmet from Canyon that uses a Release Layer System that allows outer plates on the helmet to... Smith Forefront 3 Review The Forefront 3 is Smith's newest trail helmet, which comes with a big price tag. The helmet is relatively lightweight... Top Pick Feedback Sports Pro E Lift Bike Repair Stand Review The Feedback Sports E-Lift Pro work stand aims to save you from the awkward and often arduous task of lifting your... Top Pick Shimano GF800 Review The Shimano GF800 are impressive trail riding shoes that offer a simple, clean design and above-average on-trail... Best Buy Henkelion Weighted Vest Review The Henkelion Weighted Vest is our top recommendation for those who want a well-performing vest that is easy to use... GearLab Learning Center See all recent Learning Center articles How to Choose Women's Bike Shorts How to Choose A Water Bottle How to Choose a Women's Fleece Jacket How to Choose a Wind Breaker Jacket for Men How to Choose a Climbing Harness for Women How to Choose Your Running Shoes How can we improve GearLab? Got feedback? Let us know! GearLab is reader-supported. We buy all the products we test — no freebies from manufacturers. If you click on our links, we may earn a commission, which helps support our testing work . Home Best-in-Class Reviews How To Articles FAQ Jobs Feedback Contact About Us Material on GearLab is copyrighted. Reproduction without permission is prohibited. All trademarks property of their respective owners Privacy | Cookies | Terms