Homepage - OUTSCALE | Elevate Your Experiences 3DS OUTSCALE offers you Cloud services on robust and secure IaaS infrastructures, available on demand and supported by experts. Register Login EN FR Products Cloud Experience Cloud models International Cloud Sovereign Cloud Dedicated Cloud Cloud services Computing Storage Network Security Managed services Tools AI Models AI Studio and le Chat Marketplace Pricing Business Process Public sector Insurance Retail Success stories Danone Auchan Business Experience Public Sector Healthcare Financial Services Resources OUTSCALE For Entrepreneurs OUTSCALE Academy Open Source Support Technical documentation Status FAQ About Mission Careers CSR commitments Our certifications Press releases Blog Contact us Slide 1 SOC 2 TYPE 2 OUTSCALE achieves SOC 2 Type 2 attestation, strengthening transparency and confidence in its security controls LEARN MORE Slide 3 OUTSCALE KUBERNETES AS A SERVICE (OKS) OUTSCALE enhances OKS to support and accelerate sovereign AI initiatives LEARN MORE Slide 4 CARBON FOOTPRINT Monitor the carbon impact of your Cloud usage with OUTSCALE READ MORE Slide 1 MISTRAL MEDIUM AND MISTRAL EMBED Two new Mistral AI models available on OUTSCALE's sovereign, secure, and SecNumCloud 3.2-certified infrastructure. LEARN MORE Elevate your experiences Accelerate your transformation with virtual twins and our secure, sovereign Cloud environments, designed to drive innovation and optimize your operations. Harness the power of Artificial Intelligence and take full advantage of your data, to redefine your processes and strengthen collaboration within your organization. Large Language Models as a Service Embrace the era of sovereign and secure Generative AI with Mistral AI models available on OUTSCALE’s SecNumCloud 3.2 region. Learn more OUTSCALE Kubernetes as a Service Deploy the first dedicated, managed Kubernetes platform, available in just a few minutes on the SecNumCloud 3.2-qualified public cloud. Learn more Cloud Experience Deploy your applications with complete peace of mind on the OUTSCALE Cloud, the strategic, sovereign partner for organizations. Learn more Business Process Connect people, data and technology through our low-code workflow platform. Learn more Business Experience Transform your operations and drive innovation through business process optimization and data science. Learn more Make responsible and sustainable innovation possible Corporate Social Responsibility is at the heart of our mission: “The leading Sovereign and Sustainable Operator of trusted Experience as a Service” OUTSCALE, a Dassault Systèmes brand, is fully committed to contributing to the Group’s Sustainable Development objectives. Learn more CEO’s message “Embrace the future with OUTSCALE, where innovation and sovereignty converge to create a world of endless possibilities. Our mission is to empower you to shape your destiny, drive innovation, and build a sustainable future. Together, we will spark experiences that redefine what’s possible.” Philippe MILTIN CEO, OUTSCALE, Dassault Systèmes They trust us Logo 1 Logo 2 Logo 3 Logo 4 Logo 5 Logo 6 OUTSCALE Marketplace Explore, deploy and manage partner vendor solutions on the OUTSCALE Cloud. Discover the catalog News and perspectives Digital sovereignty and artificial intelligence take center stage at OUTSCALE’s 11th edition For its 11th edition, OUTSCALE, a Dassault Systèmes brand, places the theme of “sovereign experience” at the center of its annual event dedicated to artificial intelligence and European digital autonomy. Read the presse release OUTSCALE and Mistral AI: A Partnership of Excellence for Sovereign AI Our collaboration with Mistral AI has yielded concrete and tangible results. Together, we have developed sovereign generative AI solutions that meet the specific needs of our clients in both the public and private sectors. Learn more Principal Adverse Impacts: Challenges and Opportunities for Sustainable Finance Principal Adverse Impacts (PAIs) lie at the heart of the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), which aims to enhance transparency around the sustainability of investments. Learn more PRODUCTS Cloud Experience Business Process Business Experience RESOURCES OUTSCALE For Entrepreneurs OUTSCALE Academy Initiatives Open Source SUPPORT Technical documentation Status FAQ ABOUT Mission CSR commitments Certifications Press Blog Copyright ©2026 OUTSCALE SASU. All rights reserved Legal information Data protection Accessibility : partially compliant A brand of Manage consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies such as cookies to store and/or access device information. Consent to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent may negatively affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active Access or technical storage is strictly necessary for the legitimate interest of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of transmitting a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences Access or technical storage is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or internet user. Statistics Statistics Storage or technical access used exclusively for statistical purposes. Storage or technical access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. In the absence of a court order, voluntary compliance by your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or extracted for this purpose alone cannot generally be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing Technical access or storage is necessary to create user profiles for the purpose of sending advertisements or tracking users across a single website or across multiple websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Refuse View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent