Ovative Group | Media. Measurement. Creative. Consulting. Skip to content Marketing is broken—but there’s a better way. Read more. Marketing is broken—but there’s a better way. Read more. Search for: Toggle Navigation Impact Expert Insights Case Studies Awards & Press Services Media Measurement Creative Consulting EMRge™ Technology Careers Development Open Positions About Us Social Impact People Partnerships Search for: This is where we raise the bar Learn More This is where we raise the bar Learn More Home Abdul Omer 2025-11-03T21:47:33+00:00 This is where we raise the bar Ovative Group is an independent, digital-first media, measurement, and creative firm. In other words, we’re a bunch of curious, bold, resilient people who relentlessly drive impact for brands. About Us SERVICES How we raise the bar We plan, measure, and activate against metrics that matter. Our integrated marketing approach, powered by our EMRge™ technology, drives incremental customers, profit, and brand equity, making for a seamless solution to your toughest challenges. Our Services Media We’re shattering silos and designing truly integrated media plans with your customers at the center. Measurement Using advanced marketing sciences and our EMRge™ technology, we help you drive business growth. Creative We strategize, write, design, animate, and film ideas to connect with people and build your business. Consulting By providing both expertise and horsepower, we solve your toughest challenges together. PARTNERSHIPS Maximizing performance with every partner in your mix Ovative has been recognized by the major media and technology platforms in our space with industry-leading certifications. Our deep expertise in each platform enables us to help clients navigate alpha/beta testing opportunities, collaborate effectively with media platform partners, ensure creative adheres to performance best practices, and develop custom measurement plans. Our Partners 9-year Google Premier Partner. Winner of Google’s 2023 Agency Excellence Awards’ Online Sales category. Certified Meta Business Partner in Campaign Management and Measurement Services. Meta Disrupter. Boosting the platform’s full-funnel potential to drive revenue. Featured measurement partner at Advertising Week 2024. “Represents one of the more forward-thinking agencies in advertising” – VP, Business Development, The Trade Desk EMRge™ TECHNOLOGY Built for impact. Evolving for what’s next. EMRge™ is the marketing intelligence platform that empowers marketers to plan smarter, buy better, and measure what matters —driving growth with speed, precision, and confidence. Explore EMRge™ Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. IMPACT We deliver results It’s time we change the notion that marketing can’t drive business outcomes. We’re driving the outcomes you truly care about: profitable revenue, a healthy customer file, and brand equity. Our Impact Expert Insights Built for What’s Next: The Modern Marketing Firm Defined Expert Insights Always-On Holdout Testing: Proving Marketing Impact Without an MMM Expert Insights Influencer Trend Report: December 2025 Expert Insights Why Retail Media Must Evolve to Track Long-Term Media Impact Case Studies Polaris: Accelerating Customer Growth with Data Intelligence Expert Insights The 6 Marketing Trends to Watch in 2026 Expert Insights Principal Media Explained and Why Ovative Doesn’t Play the Game Case Studies Aerie: Driving Brand Equity with Location-Based Value Rules Expert Insights EMR Power Rankings: Your Retail Media Playbook Expert Insights Influencer Trend Report: November 2025 Awards & Press Ovative Named to MSPBJ’s Fast 50 List for the Ninth Year Expert Insights Built for What’s Next: The Modern Marketing Firm Defined Expert Insights Always-On Holdout Testing: Proving Marketing Impact Without an MMM Expert Insights Influencer Trend Report: December 2025 Expert Insights Why Retail Media Must Evolve to Track Long-Term Media Impact Case Studies Polaris: Accelerating Customer Growth with Data Intelligence Expert Insights The 6 Marketing Trends to Watch in 2026 Expert Insights Principal Media Explained and Why Ovative Doesn’t Play the Game Case Studies Aerie: Driving Brand Equity with Location-Based Value Rules Expert Insights EMR Power Rankings: Your Retail Media Playbook Expert Insights Influencer Trend Report: November 2025 Awards & Press Ovative Named to MSPBJ’s Fast 50 List for the Ninth Year 100% independent and privately owned $1B+ media managed across our client portfolio 515 curious, bold, resilient, bright team members 84.5% team retention rate, ranking 15% above industry average “I truly appreciate how Ovative partners with our business. We operate in a competitive, dynamic industry, and Ovative has the capabilities, agility, and partnership mentality that is best-in-class.” – Pam Kermisch, Chief Customer Growth Officer, Polaris CAREERS Where both you and your career can thrive At Ovative, we care deeply, listen closely, wonder endlessly, and never stop doing. Here, you’ll change things for the better and be changed for the better. Our Careers CAREERS Where both you and your career can thrive At Ovative, we change things for the better. How? We invest in our clients. Care deeply. Listen closely. Wonder endlessly. And, we never stop doing. Here, you’ll change things for the better and be changed for the better. Our Careers We’d love to chat about Our Careers Toggle Navigation About Us Careers Contact Us Minneapolis 729 Washington Avenue N, Suite 1000 Minneapolis, MN 55401 New York 254 Canal Street, Suite 5000 New York, NY 10013 Chicago 224 North Desplaines Street, Suite 200 Chicago, IL 60661 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Toggle Navigation Privacy Policy © Ovative Group. All Rights Reserved. Page load link Go to Top