OmniVista Cirrus 10.4.3 | ALE OmniVista Cirrus Get Started Service Status Support Contact Us Login Sign-up Introducing OmniVista Cirrus 10.x A Network Management System as a Service. From a single application, monitor and configure your entire network, and get near real time visibility into performance and analytics. All this and more while keeping it simple and efficient for you. Sign-up Free Teaser Period included Easy-to-use, Easy to manage How It Works Collect We securely retrieve network telemetry data in near real time from configured network elements. Process We perform insightful correlation and aggregation on the data sets to provide consistent and easy to understand metrics. Display We present key network and client statistical measurements and data analytics in friendly and adaptive screens. Network Analytics Dashboard Get advanced network analytics including network up time, RF utilization, and optimal RF channel use and distribution. Visualize historical trends on network element key onboard resources. Client Analytics Dashboard Get advanced client analytics including distribution trends by RF band, Auth type, SSID, and Device type. Visualize trends on network usage, client and device persona. Monitor QoE levels Get advanced QoE analytics on key performance indicators including wireless connectivity, roaming, coverage, and capacity. Provides framework for easy correlation and isolation of client and network issues. Discover how we can help you to monitor your network efficiently. OmniVista Cirrus helps you effectively monitor your network by collecting accurate data and presenting it in a simple way. Easy navigation through a fluid web application. Advanced Network and Client Analytics functionalities. Effective correlation and isolation for troubleshooting. Discover More Features Organization Management Create and manage multi-site organizations. User Management Secure and advanced access control for network administration. APIs Securely Integrate with Eco-System applications for network analytics and operations. Network Analytics Monitor in real-time key network parameters and overall health. Client Analytics Visualize key trends on network usage, client and device persona. Client behavior Analytics Monitor TopN  domains  accessed, client session duration. © Copyright 2025 ALE International Information The following content is for ‘OmniVista Cirrus 10.x’ and above. Click here to view content relevant to ‘OmniVista Cirrus 4.x.x’.”