Skip to main content
My Account
Contact Sales
Support
Resources
OVHcloud Blog
Bare Metal & VPS
Public Cloud
Hosted Private Cloud
Enterprise
Ecosystem
About
OVHcloud
New
New Generation of Advance Servers

Get more power, bandwidth, and efficiency with our new Advance Dedicated Servers.

✓ Up to 15% higher performance with AMD EPYC 4005 “Zen 5” CPUs
✓ 3x more bandwidth, included in your plan
✓ Full configuration, from CPU to storage drives
✓ Liquid cooling for optimized performance and energy efficiency

Explore the Range
New
Our VPS-1 is closer and faster than ever!

Local hosting for increased responsiveness and control - now available in 15 Local Zones and counting.

✓ Low latency for smooth user experiences
✓ Data hosted close to you and your customers
✓ Daily backups included + unlimited traffic

Starting at $4.20 /month

Configure my VPS-1
New
Scale-A7 and A8 Servers

High-performance compute for your toughest workloads

✓ Up to 192 AMD EPYC™ Turin cores
✓ DDR5 ECC memory, scalable up to 3TB
✓ PCIe Gen 5 NVMe storage for maximum speed
✓ 5 Gbps public bandwidth

Browse our servers
Dedicated Servers
New
New Bare Metal Ranges Available

Host your website, deploy your high-resilience infrastructure, or customize your machine to suit your projects in just a few clicks.

Unlimited traffic on all our servers

Anti-DDoS included

vRack physical private network

United States, Canada, APAC, and European locations

Develop your infrastructure to suit your needs by linking your dedicated servers to other cloud services using our high-bandwidth vRack private network.

Discover Our Servers Today
VPS
New VPS Range Available

More vCores, RAM, and Bandwidth

6 configurations to suit all of your projects

Up to 24 vCores and 96GB RAM

Daily Backups Included

Unlimited Bandwidth, up to 3Gbps

Anti-DDoS Protection Included

Shop VPS Today
Public Cloud
Up to $300 credit*

AI Notebooks, AI Training, and AI Deployment to accelerate your ML projects

Managed Kubernetes Services and Infrastructure as Code with Terraform

Instances, Object Storage, Block Storage, Load Balancer, Additional IP, etc.

Standard and High-Performance Class Object Storage with outgoing public traffic

Customers get $200 in public cloud credit for their first project, plus an additional $100 credit for creating their first Managed Database service.

 

*Terms and conditions apply. See website for details.

Get started
OVHcloud Products and Solutions for Your Business

Whether you need to manage cost, infrastructure capacity, and agility of resources or improve latency and performance issues, we offer a wide range of cloud solutions to best fit your business.

Bare Metal Servers

Host your website, deploy your high-availability infrastructure, or customize your machine to suit your projects in just a few clicks.

 

Versatile dedicated servers for SMEs

Servers optimized for video games and streaming platforms

Servers featuring powerful processors allow you to build infrastructure in complex environments

Servers designed for complex, high-resilience infrastructures

Virtual Private Servers at a competitive price

Hosted Private Cloud

Accelerate your digital transformation with a fully-isolated dedicated environment in our virtual private cloud, hosted and managed by our team of experts.

 

VMware on OVHcloud

Nutanix on OVHcloud

Data Center Migration

Hybrid Multicloud

Disaster Recovery

Backup-as-a-Service

Public Cloud Services

OVHcloud Public Cloud offers you an extensive range of cloud solutions, billed on a pay-as-you-go basis, and set up in a simple way that supports your projects.

 

AI & Machine Learning

Managed Kubernetes® Service

Compute Solutions

Storage Solutions

Containerization and Orchestration

Cloud Databases

Cloud Analytics

Pay-As-You-Go

Create your first project - $200 in free credits

OVHcloud Enterprise Solutions for Your Business

Whether you need to manage cost, infrastructure capacity, and agility of resources or improve latency and performance issues, we offer a wide range of cloud solutions to best fit your business.

 

Disaster Recovery

Data Center Migration

Solutions by Industry

Solutions by Application/Use-Case

OVHcloud Compliance - Attestations & Certifications

 

Schedule a free consultation with an OVHcloud expert today to discuss an architecture that best suits your business needs.

OVHcloud Partners and Customers
How OVHcloud can help you
Deploy a big data and analytics platform in less than an hour.

Get started with our pre-configured, ready-to-use Apache solution.

Find out more 
Enterprise solutions on dedicated servers

Enterprise solutions are the critical business software applications that form the foundation of any organization, whether they’re a startup or a global business.

Find out more 
VPS sandbox

Deploy a flexible virtual sandbox environment in minutes, speeding up the path from concept to production.

Find out more 
About Us

Our Global Infrastructure

 

100Tbps global network capacity 
44 data centers  implemented across 4 continents
44 redundant PoPs  worldwide
Why choose OVHcloud?
The evolution of our global infrastructure

OVHcloud US is a subsidiary of OVHcloud, a global cloud provider that specializes in delivering industry-leading performance and cost-effective solutions to better manage, secure, and scale data. OVHcloud US delivers bare metal servers and hosted private cloud, hybrid, and public cloud solutions to small, medium, and enterprise customers.

Recognized in 2020 as a "Strong Performer" in Forrester's Hosted Private Cloud Services in N.A.(2Q2020) and as a "Contender" in IDC’s Worldwide Public Cloud as a Service Vendor Assessment (2020). OVHcloud manages 44 data centers across 4 continents, manufacturing its own servers, building its own data centers, and deploying its own fiber-optic global network to achieve maximum efficiency.

Through the OVHcloud spirit of challenging the status quo, the company brings freedom, security, and innovation to solve data challenges – today and tomorrow. With a 22+ year heritage, OVHcloud is committed to developing responsible technology and strives to be the driving force behind the next cloud evolution.

Explore the full range of our solutions at us.OVHcloud.com

OVHcloud leverages the full power of its global infrastructure to deliver solutions for businesses of all sizes, in all industries worldwide:

VPS: Virtual private server hosting solutions with exceptional value, performance, security, and simplicity.

Dedicated Servers: Multiple ranges of world-class dedicated bare-metal hardware options. Manufactured in-house and ready to launch at OVHcloud data centers worldwide.

Game Server Hosting: Virtual and dedicated game server hosting options that minimize lag, eliminate downtime, and elevate your online gaming experience.

Public Cloud: A range of secure, scalable, and versatile cloud instances to launch your projects in seconds.

Hosted Private Cloud: The power of 100% dedicated resources, combined with the freedom and flexibility of the cloud.

Enterprise solutions: High-performing infrastructure for enterprise-level projects, big data, AI, and machine learning.
Ready to get Started?
Contact Us

This website uses cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to provide you with the best browsing experience, to perform marketing activities, and to analyze our traffic. OVHcloud uses this technology in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Click here to change your settings.

Accept