Skip to main content
My customer account
Contact Sales
Webmail
Support
Communities
Learn
Bare Metal & VPS
Domain Hosting Email
Public Cloud
Hosted Private Cloud
Solutions
Ecosystem
About
Summit
Open search bar
Close search bar
No result
OVHcloud customer
New

Resilient and highly available cloud 
Deployed in Paris and Milan

✓ For building scalable, resilient cloud-native apps
✓ Compute, Kubernetes, databases
✓ All managed with a 99.99% SLA

Explore the 3-AZ solution
Maximum Power. Minimum Surprises.

Experience cutting-edge performance with dedicated server hosting in India. Enjoy rock-solid pricing and benefit from low latency and fast response times while moving towards meeting data residency needs in India.

From $64 /month

Explore now
Give your workloads a boost!

3 good reasons to shift into higher gear with the new Advance servers


✓ Up to 15% higher performance with AMD EPYC 4005 CPUs
✓ 3 Gbps public bandwidth included
✓ 100% configurable, from processor to network connectivity

From $118 /month

Explore

Managed Rancher Service: Your K8S Control Tower

Time to pilot your Kubernetes clusters with precision through a single centralised management tool irregardless whether it is hosted on OVHcloud, on-prem or any other cloud provider.

Pay-as-you-go with no lock-ins.

Get started
Dedicated Servers
Eco Range

Single-tenant resources at lowest prices

Kimsufi, So you Start and Rise servers

Circular and highly sustainable

Available in Asia-Pacific locations

From $18.80 /month

Explore Eco
Dedicated Servers
New
New Scale servers

As your workloads evolve, your servers should too!

AMD EPYC 9005 “Zen 5” CPU, 

4 x 25 Gbps network connectivity

Up to 6 PCIe Gen 5 NVMe disks

Scalable RAM and storage resources

Find out more
Dedicated Servers
Boxing days
LIMITED QUANTITIES

Our exclusive offers: 

Eco servers in limited edition

20% off SYS-3

20% off SYS-GAME-1 and SYS-GAME-2

Offer valid until January 6, 2026

Get offers
Bulk search for domain names
Search
Multiple search
Transfer your domain name
.com
$9.20
/year
.biz
$17.99
/year
.io
$62.99
$37.79
/year
.eu
$7.79
/year
Explore solutions specially designed for a wide range of activities
Choose an infrastructure

Affordable, high-performance dedicated servers

Versatile dedicated servers for SMEs

Dedicated servers for building clusters

Premium customisable dedicated servers

Virtual private servers at a competitive price

Opt for an Enterprise solution

Private Cloud

Disaster recovery plans

Migrating from your datacentre to the cloud

Connection between your physical servers and a secure cloud

Certified solutions for hosting sensitive data

Managed VMware virtualisation solution

Start your cloud project

Pay as you go

Compute solutions

Storage solutions

Managed Kubernetes Service

Managed Databases

Data Analytics

Data Platform

AI & Machine Learning

Manage your online presence

Find and reserve domain names

Build a website or an online store

Email Hosting - Host your business Email Address

OVHcloud Partners and Customers
How OVHcloud can help you
Deploy a big data and analytics platform in less than an hour.

Get started with our pre-configured, ready-to-use Apache solution.

Find out more 
Deploy instances with guaranteed resources

Our Public Cloud solutions are perfect if you need a highly scalable solution with 100% dedicated resources, 100% of the time.

Find out more 
Build a website in 5 steps

Find out how to build a website easily with our hosting solutions, and the 1-click modules included with them: (WordPress, PrestaShop, Joomla!, Drupal)

Find out more 
About Us

Our Global Infrastructure

 

100 Tbit/s global network capacity 
46 datacenters  implemented across 4 continents
44 redundant PoPs worldwide
Why choose OVHcloud?
Join our 1.6 million customers in a free, sustainable and trusted cloud.
A free and unifying cloud
Our cloud features include reversibility, open interoperability, compliance with standards—and no bandwidth cost for data recovery
Our cloud is hybrid, you can combine private, public, bare metal and web cloud to fully adapt it to your needs
The cloud is a collective adventure, we work hand in hand with an ecosystem of technology partners, startups and solution publishers to offer you the best options
Global leader in a trusted cloud
We do not sell, use or transfer your data
Choose where to store your data and the jurisdiction that protects it from our global network
We have the highest standards for protecting your data
A sustainable cloud by design
We produce our own servers and completely disassemble them to reuse them for up to 3 lifecycles
Thanks to 20 years of innovation, we use 7 times less water to cool our servers than our competitors  
Our power usage effectiveness PUE) is 1.28 compared to the market average of 1.57
25 of our 46 datacentres are installed in renovated buildings
100% low-carbon energy by 2025
Zero waste to landfill by 2025
Best value for performance on the market
We believe in a fair pricing to make the cloud accessible to all
No hidden fees, our pricing is predictable and transparent
No lock-out due to no (or low cost) outgoing traffic
We build our own datacentres and servers, and orchestrate our own fibre-optic network for controlled costs


Protecting your data is our priority.



Our website and partner companies use cookies. Some of these cookies are required for the OVHcloud Group websites to work properly, and cannot be refused. OVHcloud uses other cookies that are optional. More information:



Site performance and customisation cookies
Targeted advertising cookies
Sharing cookies on third-party platforms



If you click "Accept" cookies, all these categories will be enabled to optimise your online experience. To set cookies, click "Set". However, if you choose to opt out, your browsing experience may be limited.




OVHcloud will save your choice for 13 months.

Accept
Set
Continue without accepting