VPN for Security and Integrity | OVPN.com Disconnected IP address 221.138.189.189 Internet provider SK Broadband Co Ltd Not secure Your internet provider can monitor what you do online. Get protected now Features Security Network Streaming Port forwarding Multihop Public IPv4 Apps Download for macOS Android iOS Windows Ubuntu openSUSE Fedora Popular guides Ubuntu CLI Windows OpenVPN GUI Raspberry Pi Ubuntu GUI OpenWrt View all guides FAQ Sign in Get started en Svenska Deutsch Norsk The VPN service that protects you without getting in the way OVPN is a court-proven VPN service that offers secure internet without country or streaming restrictions, and where ads no longer track your every move. Get OVPN 10-day money-back guarantee Meet OVPN We believe everyone is entitled to live a life without being constantly monitored. This is where VPN services enter the picture. Proven and verified focus on privacy OVPN has been in court fighting a two-month-long information injunction as user information was requested from us. OVPN emerged victorious due to our no-logging policy. We have insurance that covers legal fees . OVPN has never given any information about our customers to a third party. Total infrastructure ownership All the hardware used to operate OVPN is owned by us. All VPN servers operate without hard drives as the operating system only resides in RAM. No rented servers, no virtual machines. Just pure bare-metal VPN servers. Did we mention no hard drives? Transparent company and policies Monthly transparency reports have been published since 2014, detailing server statistics & information requests. The company running OVPN is incorporated in Sweden and is named "OVPN Integritet AB". Integritet means Privacy in Swedish. That's how ingrained our privacy focus is. Extremely knowledgeable customer support Tired of talking to customer support reps that have less tech knowledge than you? So are we. That's why our customer support consists of only L2 personnel. They'll be able to assist you with anything you throw their way. Go ahead - send them a difficult custom configuration question and be astonished. Get OVPN VPN servers in 32 cities across the globe Due to our high security requirements, we don't have servers in every place imaginable. We prioritize quality and security over quantity and marketing. And let's be honest — do you really need VPN servers in 150 countries? Get OVPN Vienna, Austria Sydney, Australia Toronto, Canada Zurich, Switzerland Erfurt, Germany Frankfurt, Germany Offenbach, Germany Copenhagen, Denmark Madrid, Spain Helsinki, Finland Paris, France London, Great Britain Milan, Italy Tokyo, Japan Amsterdam, Netherlands Oslo, Norway Warsaw, Poland Bucharest, Romania Gothenburg, Sweden Malmö, Sweden Stockholm, Sweden Sundsvall, Sweden Singapore, Singapore Kyiv, Ukraine Atlanta, USA Chicago, USA Dallas, USA Denver, USA Los Angeles, USA Miami, USA New York, USA Seattle, USA Vienna, Austria Sydney, Australia Toronto, Canada Zurich, Switzerland Erfurt, Germany Frankfurt, Germany Offenbach, Germany Copenhagen, Denmark Madrid, Spain Helsinki, Finland Paris, France London, Great Britain Milan, Italy Tokyo, Japan Amsterdam, Netherlands Oslo, Norway Warsaw, Poland Bucharest, Romania Gothenburg, Sweden Malmö, Sweden Stockholm, Sweden Sundsvall, Sweden Singapore, Singapore Kyiv, Ukraine Atlanta, USA Chicago, USA Dallas, USA Denver, USA Los Angeles, USA Miami, USA New York, USA Seattle, USA Get OVPN More OVPN benefits Access streaming services OVPN unblocks a myriad of streaming services across our VPN servers. Easy, fast and high quality streaming. Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Disney+, Hulu, Amazon Prime Video, HBO Max, Peacock TV & Channel 5 Works on all servers in the supported regions Continuously adding support for new streaming services Use OVPN on every device Phone, computer, server, router — no matter what devices you're using or where you are, a single OVPN subscription has got you covered. See all apps Add-ons OVPN offers two separate add-ons as well, Multihop and Public IPv4 . Devices that connect to our standard service are assigned a shared IP address. The Public IPv4 add-on allocates a static public IPv4 address to you instead. The Multihop add-on routes your traffic through two VPN servers. Get OVPN See what real users have to say Secure browsing for a low monthly fee - perfect for my freelance business. I am impressed with OVPN's functionality, ease of setup, and fair pricing. It works automatically, and I feel much more comfortable operating my online freelance business now. I am also a part-time student, and using a VPN on my campus network also gives me great peace of mind. Top VPN Very good and intuitive client software and administration in general. Wireguard support is a must for me... I've tried many others like ipvanish, protonvpn, nordvpn, etc .... but my ISP keeps blocking their servers (in Germany, not China!) - OVPN is the only VPN service working always. OVPN + Vilfo in a league of its own After testing numerous VPN software and hardware for whole-home privacy, the combination of Vilfo (developed by OVPN) and an OVPN connection provides the best performance I’ve found. This combination enables you to create multiple simultaneous VPN connections, and group devices to use the connection you prefer. OVPN is simply in a league of their own, out front. Superior Service Super simple, super secure, super support service. I find much value for OVPN. I can use whatever open vpn client i want or their own distributed. I can select which server to connect to and select the country. The connection never drops and the speed is the same as direct connection. Top of the line vpn! Full stealth, nice Windows app, interesting options to add services if you like. No hard disk storage and no logs of any kind. Maybe foremost a superb customer service and generosity. The only choice for me after testing a variety of VPN services. Pricing Select the VPN plan that works best for you. 1 month $12 per month 1 month $12/per month Get 1 month plan 10-day money-back guarantee Best value 3 years Save 75% $4.22 per month Get 3 years plan 10-day money-back guarantee 1 year $4.99 per month 1 year $4.99/per month Get 1 year plan 10-day money-back guarantee Frequently Asked Questions How does OVPN keep my connection secure? OVPN supports both OpenVPN and Wireguard protocols, which provide high levels of security. For OpenVPN, AES-256-GCM is used as the encryption cipher behind a 2048-bit Diffie-Hellman key in order to encrypt the data traffic. WireGuard uses Curve25519 and ChaCha20 to encrypt the data traffic. Furthermore, we guarantee that no logs are stored on our servers. In addition to high levels of technical security, we also provide a high level of physical security to protect you in the event of a physical attack. Our servers are run without hard drives, USB devices, or CDs. In other words, there’s no media connected to the server where logs can be stored. We use static analysis of the website’s source code in order to find potential vulnerabilities. We also encourage responsible disclosure of potential vulnerabilities from our users, by rewarding those who find them. Finally, we operate our own log-free DNS servers to prevent DNS leaks. You can permanently replace your current DNS servers with ours on your computer to make sure your ISP can’t get any information about you. Does OVPN support port forwarding? Yes, you can open up to seven ports. Once you’ve created an OVPN account, navigate to the Settings page and click on Port Forwarding. When you open a port, you can choose if it should be a TCP, UDP, or TCP and UDP ports. Do note that you can only open a port between 49152 and 65535. If you need to use a port under 49152 you will need to purchase the Public IPv4 add-on . Is OVPN compatible with my router? If your router supports AsusWrt, DD-WRT, OpenWrt, Tomato, EdgeOS, then it is compatible with OVPN. We also support both Vilfo and GL.iNet routers. Can I connect using WireGuard? Yes! With WireGuard enabled, you'll connect using the WireGuard VPN protocol instead of OpenVPN . WireGuard generally offers increased connection speed, higher bandwidth, and lower latency than OpenVPN. Does OVPN hide my IP address? Yes. When you are connected to OVPN, you get a new IP address. We have thousands of IPv4 addresses. OVPN is also one of few VPN providers supporting IPv6 natively. We have billions of IPv6 addresses, making sure that you will never receive the same IP address if you choose to use IPv6. Does OVPN offer a multihop option? Yes. The Multihop add-on routes your traffic through two data centers, adding another step to the encryption process. OVPN Start Security Network Pricing Blog About us Service status Policy Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Cookie preferences Transparency Guides VPN for Windows VPN for MacOS VPN for Debian VPN for Ubuntu VPN for Android VPN for iOS VPN for Synology NAS VPN protocols OpenVPN WireGuard Companies OVPN for Teams Services Multihop Public IPv4 Port forwarding Configuration files OpenVPN Tests DNS Leak test WebRTC Leak test Contact FAQ Support Twitter / Facebook Press Press resources Affiliate program WireGuard® is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld. USD – $ EUR – € SEK – kr