Flo Premium
20% OFF 
Product
Health Library
Calculators
About
For Clinicians
Manage subscription
Try Flo today
Over 7 million 5-star ratings
1

We’re Flo, the world’s #1 women’s health app2

Over 420 million people³ around the world use the Flo app to track their periods, ovulation, pregnancy, and perimenopause.

What can you do with the Flo app?
Track your cycle and symptoms

Figure out what's normal for you with our period and cycle tracker. Spot patterns in your symptoms and know when your period is likely to start so you’re always prepared.

Understand your fertility better

Get daily conception tips from our experts and learn how to read your body’s fertility signals with Flo's ovulation tracker — so you can maximize your chances of a positive pregnancy test every cycle. 

Follow your pregnancy week by week

See how your body and baby are changing with our pregnancy tracker. Know when your baby will hit important milestones. Plus, figure out what you need to do when with our weekly checklist.

Share Flo with your partner

… and share the load. We’ll teach them everything they need to know about your body (and how to better support you) so you don’t have to. Learn more about sharing Flo with your partner.

Feel supported through Perimenopause

Feel confident about your body’s changes and find clarity on perimenopause symptoms with support to help you feel good, every step of the way.

Why choose Flo?
Predictions you can plan
around
Why our users love the Flo App
Personal data that stays
private to you
Your privacy FAQs answered
Powered by doctors,
trusted by millions
Meet our medical team
What our users say about Flo

Flo's team of 100+ doctors, scientists and medical experts review all medical studies and information we share; no wonder 77 million women choose Flo every month

“Flo is like a friend with emotional and physical support. I love the interactive content of the app and feel the app really understands me and what I’m going through.”

Laura Whelan
App Store review

“Wow! [This is the] Best app for pregnancy ladies. Very informative. I have never used any paid app before. But it's worth it.”

M****A

“Amazing app ❤️ It’s more than a period tracker. It helps with information about your health, usually provided by health professionals.”

Flo user
App store review

“[Flo is the] Best period app I’ve ever used. Over the years I’ve tried out many period tracking apps but this has got to be the best one I’ve ever used.”

Flo user
App store review

“As I was having problems conceiving I was prompted to use an ovulation monitor. By logging the info into Flo, I was able to get a better idea about my specific cycle. Now I'm pregnant!”

Kristen DuVal
App Store review

“As someone with PCOS and irregular periods, this app has been a lifesaver in assisting me with tracking my fertility!”

Flo user
App store review

“This is the best ovulation tracker app I've ever known. If you don’t know when you ovulate, Flo will do that for you.”

U****A
Over 7 million 5-star ratings 1
 4.8/5
 4.7/5

Use your phone’s camera to scan and download the Flo app.
Available on iOS and Android devices.

Access for all, not just the privileged

Through our Pass It On Project, we're extending free, medically-credible health information to 1 billion women in underserved communities worldwide—because where you live shouldn't determine what you know about your own body.

Learn more about the Pass It On Project
Questions about your body, answered by experts
LH surge: What is it, and why is it important if you’re TTC?
May 02, 2025
A guide to AMH and its role in reproductive health
May 02, 2025
Spotting during ovulation: Is it normal? A doctor weighs in
May 02, 2025
Read our medically-verified health articles
References
Know your body. Own your health.
DOWNLOAD THE FLO APP
FLO APP
Flo for Tracking Your Period
Flo for Getting Pregnant
Flo for Pregnancy
Pass It On Project
Help center
Manage subscription
Flo promo codes
COMPANY
About us
Press Center
Careers
Affiliates
Contact us
Science & research
Medical affairs
CONTENT
Health Library
Editorial process and standards
Advertising principles
Tools
LEGAL
Privacy policy
Privacy portal
Flo privacy FAQs
Terms of use
Cookie policy
Using Flo's IP
Accessibility statement
Security at Flo
English
© 2025 Flo Health Inc., Flo Health UK Limited