Redeem
Upgrade
Help
Sign in
Dictionaries
Grammar
Word Lists
Resources
English 
 
Enter search text
What are the most important words to learn?

Oxford Learner’s Dictionaries can help.

From a / an to zone, the Oxford 3000 is a list of the 3,000 core words that every learner of English needs to know. Every word is aligned to the CEFR, to guide learners to learn the most important words and meanings at A1-B2 levels.

And from abolish to youngster, the Oxford 5000 adds an extra 2,000 words for advanced learners at B2-C1 level to supplement their core vocabulary and conquer their learning goals!

Explore the Oxford 3000 and Oxford 5000
30 December 2025
snowplough
noun
 
 
From the topic
TRANSPORT BY ROAD
C2
Oxford Learner's Dictionaries Word of the Day
Word lists

Our word lists are designed to help learners at any level focus on the most important words to learn.

Explore our general English and academic English lists.

See the word lists
Spread the Word

A recent addition to our online dictionary is the term culture war, which is used to describe the conflict between groups of people with different ideals and beliefs.

Read our blog
Topic Dictionaries

Our Topic Dictionaries are lists of topic-related words, like Animals and Health, that can help you expand your vocabulary. Each topic is divided into smaller subtopics and every word has a CEFR level.

Browse Topics
Learn & Practise Grammar

Our grammar pages combine clear explanations with interactive exercises to test your understanding.

Try it out
Learn more with these dictionary and grammar resources
We offer a number of premium products on this website to help you improve your English.
Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary premium
Oxford Learner's Dictionary of Academic English
Practical English Usage by Michael Swan
Oxford Collocations Dictionary
Das Oxford Schulwörterbuch
JOIN our community of language learners!

Follow our social media channels and subscribe to our blog for tips, activities and resources to help you with your English language learning journey.

Connect with us
Teachers: join our newly upgraded community!

Would you like to take part in research activities and share your views with other teachers? Join Oxford English Learning Exchange!

Join now
Teaching with Oxford Learner's Word Lists

What's new for the Oxford 3000? Find out by reading the Oxford 3000 and Oxford 5000 position paper, or get tips on using the word lists and download a FREE lesson plan.

Read position paper
Get teaching tips
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window

Oxford Learner's Dictionaries

Browse Dictionaries & Grammar 
Opens in a new window
Search Box 
Opens in a new window
System Requirements 
Opens in a new window
Contact Us 
Opens in a new window

More from us

Oxford Learner's Dictionaries API 
Opens in a new window
English Language Teaching 
Opens in a new window
Oxford Teacher's Club 
Opens in a new window
Oxford Languages 
Opens in a new window
OUP Worldwide 
Opens in a new window

Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide

Privacy Policy 
Opens in a new window
Children's Privacy Policy 
Opens in a new window
Cookie Policy 
Opens in a new window
Consent Management
Terms & Conditions 
Opens in a new window
Accessibility 
Opens in a new window
Legal Notice 
Opens in a new window
English (UK)
English (US)
© 2025 Oxford University Press
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 723 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Consent Management link on the bottom of the webpage. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject and Manage
I Accept