Occidental College | The Liberal Arts College in Los Angeles Skip to main content Alumni Athletics Giving Parents & Families Arts News Calendar Search Menu Mega Menu Collapse/Open Button About Oxy Oxy Stories Outcomes Our Campus Los Angeles Community & Equity Sustainability Community Engagement Strategic Planning Admission Why Occidental? Visit Campus Affordability Apply First-Year Admission Transfer Admission Int'l Admission Connect With Us Financial Aid Cost of Attendance How Aid Works How to Apply for Aid For Current Students Our Team Academics Areas of Study Our Faculty Library Course Catalog Core Program Senior Comps Student Research Global Engagement Student Success Student Life Housing Campus Dining Athletics & Wellness Career Exploration Get Involved Student Services Resources & Support Student Affairs Search The Best of 2025 From striking photos to memorable Insta posts to exciting College milestones, enjoy our most popular content from an eventful year. Photos Instagram News/Features New Issue of Occidental Magazine Is Online Featuring alumni catalysts for the public good; a closer look at the Biology Department; first impressions from the Class of ’29; Emmy talk with Oxy nominees; a farewell toast for Delta sorority; and more. Browse the issue The Barack Obama Scholars Program Occidental's unique program equips the next generation of changemakers with the tools, mentorship and resources they need to impact our future. View video Liberal Arts in Los Angeles at Occidental College Liberal Arts in Los Angeles Drawing on the cultural and intellectual resources of a global city, Occidental provides a springboard for putting theory into practice and ideas into action. Request Info Visit Campus Virtual Tour Explore Your Passions Oxy’s remarkable faculty of scholars, teachers and mentors are at the heart of the intellectual experience. An Oxy liberal arts education transcends boundaries, and with more than 40 majors and programs, academic rigor comes in many forms. Academics at Oxy View Areas of Study Academic Spotlight Meet Our Majors: Critical Theory & Social Justice Our CTSJ majors talk about why they chose the program, what they’ve learned, and how it’s shaped their worldviews. American Studies Art & Art History Asian Studies Biochemistry Biology Black Studies Chemistry Chinese Studies Classical Studies Cognitive Science College Writing Program Comparative Studies in Literature & Culture Computer Science Critical Theory & Social Justice Diplomacy & World Affairs Economics Education Engineering Program English Environmental Science Food Studies French Studies Gender, Women, & Sexuality Studies Geology German Studies Group Language History Interdisciplinary Writing Japanese Studies Kinesiology Latino/a & Latin American Studies Linguistics Marine Biology Mathematics Media Arts & Culture Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Politics Psychology Public Health Religious Studies Russian Studies Sociology Spanish Studies Theater & Performance Studies Urban & Environmental Policy 82% students receiving financial aid 20 Division III varsity sports teams 97% faculty with PhD/terminal degree Discover Occidental A vibrant, small liberal arts college experience in the heart of Los Angeles, one of the most stimulating and creative cities in the world. That’s something you won’t find anywhere else. Take a Virtual Tour Campus Photo Gallery Play Scenes of Occidental Take an aerial tour of the campus we call home. Student Voices Blog Hear current students talk about academics, sports, student groups and other extracurricular activities. Intern LA Each summer, Oxy students develop their professional skills through our signature urban internship program. The Oxy Community Whether in the lab, classroom, field or community, our faculty, students and alumni define the strengths and uniqueness of Oxy in everything that they do. Read All Stories Laura Boykin Okalebo ’96 Link to story about Laura Boykin Okalebo ’96 For biologist Laura Boykin Okalebo, Occidental College was a life-changing experience, setting her on a career path that combines science and social justice. Her groundbreaking work in East Africa has empowered thousands of farmers to achieve sustainable livelihoods. Laura Boykin Okalebo ’96 Alumni Biology Peter Vartanian Link to story about Peter Vartanian Supported by Occidental through grants and faculty mentorship, Peter Vartanian ’25 is traveling the globe conducting research on the geopolitics of the global transition to green energy, among other topics. Peter Vartanian Student Diplomacy & World Affairs Lydia Harmon Link to story about Lydia Harmon Lydia Harmon '13 is a geologist who studies volcanoes and magma systems. Her work focuses on the magmatic processes and tectonic influences that govern magma formation and eruption. Lydia Harmon Faculty Geology Mariah Rutiaga Amaya ’22 Link to story about Mariah Rutiaga Amaya ’22 Driven by her experiences in food justice and her father’s health struggles, Mariah Rutiaga Amaya found her calling in medicine. Now, she’s preparing to become a physician who centers community, advocates compassionately, and uplifts the most marginalized. Mariah Rutiaga Amaya ’22 Alumni Biology Jaymes Griggs Link to story about Jaymes Griggs From the Bluegrass State to Occidental College, Jaymes Griggs has found community and a path to leadership through science, civic engagement, and the Obama Scholars Program. And amid all this, he still has time for pickleball. Jaymes Griggs Student Environmental Science Shengyun Gu Link to story about Shengyun Gu Shengyun Gu is a linguist whose research aims to better understand language (including its structure, acquisition, and processing) through the lens of Shanghai Sign Language and American Sign Language (ASL). Shengyun Gu Faculty Cognitive Science Laura Boykin Okalebo ’96 Alumni Biology Peter Vartanian Student Diplomacy & World Affairs Lydia Harmon Faculty Geology Mariah Rutiaga Amaya ’22 Alumni Biology Jaymes Griggs Student Environmental Science Shengyun Gu Faculty Cognitive Science What’s Happening At Oxy Featured News Oxy Men’s Soccer Wins Second SCIAC Title in Three Seasons Men’s soccer clinches its second SCIAC title in three seasons in a thrilling victory against the University of Redlands. View All News Oxy in the News Recent News Billboard Magazine Names Occidental a Top Music Business School Events 31 Dec Women's Basketball 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 1 Jan Men's Basketball 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 3 Jan Men's Basketball 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 3 Jan Women's Basketball 4:00 pm - 6:00 pm View All Events Academic Calendar NOTICE OF NONDISCRIMINATORY POLICY AS TO STUDENTS Occidental College admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. For more detailed information please see the College's Notice of Non-Discrimination . The Latest from Instagram Link to Instagram post https://www.instagram.com/p/DS5Zm6pks23/ Link to Instagram post https://www.instagram.com/reel/DS27rRAEuGI/ Link to Instagram post https://www.instagram.com/p/DS0SVYnEgEq/ Link to Instagram post https://www.instagram.com/p/DSxyvSEkiWo/ 1600 Campus Road Los Angeles, California 90041 (323) 259-2500 Follow Oxy: FACEBOOK INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE Linkedin Working at Oxy Accreditation Contact Us Civil Rights & Title IX Maps & Directions Disability Services Disclosures & Consumer Info © Copyright 2025. Occidental College. All Rights Reserved. Search Menu About Oxy Oxy Stories Outcomes Our Campus Los Angeles Community & Equity Sustainability Community Engagement Strategic Planning Admission Why Occidental? Visit Campus Affordability Apply First-Year Admission Transfer Admission Int'l Admission Connect With Us Financial Aid Academics Areas of Study Our Faculty Library Course Catalog Core Program Senior Comps Student Research Global Engagement Student Success Student Life Housing Campus Dining Athletics & Wellness Career Exploration Get Involved Student Services Resources & Support Student Affairs Search Alumni Athletics Giving Parents & Families Arts News Calendar Marketplace Menu Student Employment Career Services Course Catalog Course Counts Financial Aid Student Handbook Civil Rights & Title IX Second column Library Canvas Campus Safety Offices & Services Faculty Index Contact Us Maps & Directions MyOxy Search Menu Search Search Popular Searches Campus Map Bookstore Clubs & Orgs Majors & Minors Campus Directory Academic Calendar Study Abroad Working at Oxy Marketplace Menu Student Employment Career Services Course Catalog Course Counts Financial Aid Student Handbook Civil Rights & Title IX Second column Library Canvas Campus Safety Offices & Services Faculty Index Contact Us Maps & Directions MyOxy