We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Learn more about cookie data in our Privacy Policy
(opens in a new tab)
Accept All
Deny Non-Essential
Skip to main content
Official website

of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

Translate
Services
Agency Directory
Your Government
Visit PA
(opens in a new tab)
News
(opens in a new tab)
Welcome to Pennsylvania

We're the home base of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Explore the services and resources offered by your government.

PA SERVICE LISTING
Need help finding services?

Access Pennsylvania services through our Service Listing, or search through our full list of agencies who can assist.

Service Listing
Agency Directory
Featured Services
Renew Your Driver's License

If there are no corrections or changes, other than a change of address, you can renew your license online.

Renew Your Driver's License
Renew Your Vehicle Registration

In most cases, your vehicle registration can be renewed online, in-person, or through the mail.

Vehicle Registration Renewal
Apply for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program

The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) provides monthly funds for families to purchase groceries.

Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
Find Grant Funding

The Commonwealth offers grants for many purposes. Use the grants search tool to find funding opportunities for your needs.

Grant Search Tool
VISIT PENNSYLVANIA
Plan a trip to the Keystone State

From bustling historic cities to stunning parks, there's a reason why visitors of all ages return to Pennsylvania. Find your next adventure with Visit PA.

Visit PA by Region
(opens in a new tab)
Double-click to edit...
Return to top
Proudly founded in 1681 as a place of tolerance and freedom.
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Facebook
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on X
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Bluesky
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Threads
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Instagram
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on TikTok
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on YouTube
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Flickr
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on WhatsApp
TOP SERVICES
Register to Vote
 
Find a DMV
 
Get a Birth Certificate
 
Join the Veterans Registry
 
PAyback
(opens in a new tab)
PA.GOV
Careers & Internships
 
PennWatch
(opens in a new tab)
 
Right-to-Know Law
(opens in a new tab)
Copyright © 2025 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All rights reserved.
Accessibility
Privacy & Disclaimers
Translation Disclaimer
Security
Social Media Policy & Disclaimer