PACE Anti-Piracy | #1 App Protection & Software Licensing Products iLok Licensing iLok USB Code Signing Fusion Fusion AI White-Box Works Industries Pro Audio Financial Services AI and Machine Learning High Value Software Digital Health Internet of Things Solutions Integrations JUCE MATLAB Simulink Shopify Unity Use Cases Algorithm Protection API Protection Mobile Wallets Software Point of Sale Video Content Delivery Resources Events Articles Press Releases iLok.com Company About Us Contact Careers Contact Us Robust App Protection & Software Licensing Our Products FUSION Application Protection Fusion uses our proprietary technology fused to your binary code, to protect your software from being tampered or modified by an attacker. This includes obfuscation and anti-tamper. iLOK LICENSING Software Licensing PACE Anti-Piracy is an industry leader in software and plug-in licensing. Our flexible, fully-hosted platform provides an end-to-end solution for publishers looking to bring their products to market. White-Box Works White-Box Cryptography White-Box Works is the newest product in the White-Box space. Its unique industry-leading architecture adds new dimensions of security to defend keys and data at the endpoint. iLOK USB PKI-based Security Platform The iLok can do much more than just authorize your software. The iLok USB is a sophisticated and technologically advanced security platform, completely designed by PACE Anti-Piracy. Advanced Application Protection You Can Trust Mobile and desktop applications contain vulnerabilities that can expose customer information, and compromise intellectual property. PACE Anti-Piracy is a global leader in software protection. PACE, Anti-Piracy has provided license platform solutions since 1985, and has used experience and R&D to develop the latest security tools for Anti-Tamper and White-Box Cryptography. ABOUT US PRESS RELEASE PACE Anti-Piracy Announces Fusion AI to Protect Audio and Media AI Models from IP Theft Read More ARTICLE Embedded AI: Protecting IP and model integrity Read More Our Difference No-Consultants Required Our security and licensing tools are designed by developers for developers. Customizable Our customers can design the licensing or security model that works for their business. Exceptional Support We offer virtual demos, technical help, and access to our engineering team. Free Trials Contact us for a 30-day evaluation that includes engineering support. Testimonial PACE, Anti-Piracy is proud to protect more than 125 million licenses. Below is feedback from one of our customers. “ Our team works extremely hard on our software products, and therefore requires that they are both secure and reliable for our customers. PACE tools give us the best protection while ensuring that we have a sleek and non-invasive user experience. Protecting my software with PACE, Anti-Piracy was the easiest decision I've made. Steven Slate CEO Slate Companies Slate Digital is a technology company that focuses on high end DSP solutions for the music, post production, broadcast, forensics and security industries. Looking for iLok.com? Let's Go PRODUCTS iLok Licensing iLok USB Code Signing Fusion Fusion AI White-Box Works COMPANY About Us Contact Sales Careers RESOURCES Events Articles Press Releases Glossary iLok.com Support Visit our Twitter Visit our LinkedIn Visit our YouTube channel Privacy Policy We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT magic-wand calendar-full laptop-phone select linkedin facebook pinterest youtube rss twitter instagram facebook-blank rss-blank linkedin-blank pinterest youtube twitter instagram