University of the Pacific - Experience-driven Education Skip to main content Close Academics Schools & Colleges Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Graduate Programs Dual-Degree Programs Professional Development & Continuing Education Academic Support Research & Scholarship Admission & Aid Undergraduate Graduate Admitted Students Next Steps Law Dental Pharmacy International Students Financial Aid & Cost Four-Year Guarantee Community Involvement Program About Pacific Our Campuses Fast Facts Student Outcomes Community Impact Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability President Callahan University Leadership History & Mission Pacific In the News Pacific Newsroom Student Life Activities & Programs Housing & Dining Student Services Career Services Health & Wellness Parent Engagement Safety & Conduct More search Close Close Mobile Menu - Academics Academics + - Schools & Colleges Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Graduate Programs Dual-Degree Programs Professional Development & Continuing Education Academic Support Research & Scholarship Mobile Menu - Admission & Aid Admission & Aid + - Undergraduate Graduate Admitted Students Next Steps Law Dental Pharmacy International Students Financial Aid & Cost Four-Year Guarantee Community Involvement Program Mobile Main Navigation - Campus Life Student Life + - Activities & Programs Housing & Dining Student Services Career Services Health & Wellness Parent Engagement Safety & Conduct Mobile Main Navigation - About Pacific About Pacific + - Our Campuses Fast Facts Student Outcomes Community Impact Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability President Callahan University Leadership History & Mission Pacific In the News Pacific Newsroom WWWW Mobile Utility Menu Visit Request Info Apply Give Jobs Secondary Navigation News & Events Athletics Diversity at Pacific University Libraries Campus Directory Alumni Give Campus Bookstore WWW Desktop Utility Menu Visit Request Info Apply Give Jobs Personalized Pathways Big university choices with small college caring Explore Academic Opportunities Next — Learning Environment Learning Environment A New England campus in the heart of Northern California Schedule a Campus Tour Next — Practical Experience Practical Experience Build confidence and create your future Discover real-world opportunities Next — Devoted Education Devoted Education An education that earns See Alumni Outcomes Next — Personalized Pathways Apply Now Future Tigers, your journey to Pacific begins today! Begin the application process and start imagining yourself here at California’s First University. Get Started Pacific Magazine Is Here The ongoing story of California's First University continues in the 2025 edition of Pacific Magazine. Featuring in-depth storytelling, richly-designed illustrations and immersive online interactive features, this year's magazine focuses on themes of tradition and innovation to illustrate why so many students from around the world choose to call Pacific home. Learn More Explore Digital Features Pacific and 49ers Announce Partnership Pacific has become the Official Higher Education Partner of the San Francisco 49ers, launching a multi-year collaboration designed to create new pathways for learning, career growth and community impact across Northern California. Together, the two organizations will expand K–12 outreach, college-readiness efforts and workforce development initiatives across the region. Learn More Pacific Summer High School Institute The Pacific Summer High School Institute is a two-week residential pre-college summer program designed for curious high school students to live, learn and grow at one of America’s top universities. Registration for the 2025 session is now open! Learn more Request Info UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC VALUES A network unlike any other Our community is among the most diverse in the nation. Our students are bright, determined, and above all else, in it together. From the classroom to co-curriculars, our students create connections that reach far beyond their time on campus. UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC VALUES A place for opportunity Located in Northern California, University of the Pacific offers a gateway to some of the fastest growing economic and cultural centers in the world. Pacific and the surrounding area are on the cutting edge of science and math-based disciplines, health, the arts, and business innovation. UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC VALUES Pacific in practice With unique access to internships, co-ops, accelerated academic programs and customizable degrees, you’ll get a head start on your future. With our individualized approach, students receive personal attention that supports their growth and academic ambitions. Three campuses in one of the country’s most diverse and dynamic regions Our campuses in Stockton, Sacramento and San Francisco offer students the unique opportunities each city provides. With our wide range of distinct and experiential programs, at each of our campuses you'll find expansive opportunities to connect to California's and the country's fastest growing ecosystem of industrial, technological, social, cultural and economic growth. Find Your Future Degree Sacramento Campus 3200 Fifth Avenue, Sacramento, California 95817 916.520.7499 Stockton Campus 3601 Pacific Avenue, Stockton, California 95211 209.946.2285 San Francisco Campus 155 Fifth Street, San Francisco, California 94103 415.400.8222 87 # Among all U.S. Colleges and Universities (Wall Street Journal 2025) 3 # Best Value in California (U.S. News & World Report 2025) 2 % In Rankings for Overall Career Earnings (Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce) 36 # Social Mobility (Wall Street Journal 2025) News View All News California’s first university celebrates 175 years of innovation and student success in 2026 Read More Jim Morgali, pillar of Pacific’s engineering program, dies at 93 Read More Student-run Pac Ave Records releases fourth ‘Best of Pacific’ album Read More View All News Events view all events 4 Jan Men's Basketball Hosts Pepperdine 04:00 pm 7 Jan Master of Emergency Management Science Webinar 12:00 pm - 01:00 pm 8 Jan Spring Move-In 08:00 am - 05:00 pm Stockton Campus 3601 Pacific Ave. Stockton, CA 95211 Admissions: 209.946.2211 Sacramento Campus 3200 Fifth Ave. Sacramento, CA 95817 Admissions: 916.739.7105 San Francisco Campus 155 Fifth St. San Francisco, CA 94103 Admissions: 415.929.6491 Footer links 1 MyPacific Campus Hours Event Services Emergency Info Jobs Media Resources Contact Us Footer links 2 Accessibility Statement Bias Reporting Title IX Resources University Policies Non-Discrimination Statement Annual Security Report Privacy Policy Stay in touch ©
						2025
						University of the Pacific Close Search