Pagefreezer Digital Archiving Software Solutions Compliance Government FOIA & Open Records Financial Services eDiscovery eDiscovery & Litigation Legal Hold & Retention Investigations Online Evidence Collection On-Demand Collection Services Industry Financial Services Government Education Public Safety Legal Products Website Archiving Social Media Archiving Microsoft Teams Archiving Workplace from Meta Archiving Text Message Archiving Website & Social Media Evidence Collection On-Demand Collection Services Web & Social Media Data Collection Resources Resources Blog Content Library Testimonials/Reviews Insight The Essential Evidence Collection Guide The Complete Slack Field Guide for Legal & Compliance Teams Compliance Guide for Archiving Online Data Microsoft Teams Guide for Legal & Compliance Social Media Investigations: The Ultimate SOCMINT Guide FEATURED POST The Government Guide to Digital Open Records Compliance Learn how government agencies can stay compliant with open records laws by properly capturing, preserving, and accessing digital communications like websites and social media. Read the Guide Company Company Company/Team Careers/Values Support Pagefreezer Security Partners Contact Us General information: info@pagefreezer.com +1-888-916-3999 Sales: sales@pagefreezer.com Support: support@pagefreezer.com Login Social Media & Collaboration Website Archiving (US) Website Archiving (EU) WebPreserver Book a Demo Get Records Straight From the Source With Pagefreezer Archiving Software From regulated recordkeeping to time-sensitive evidence collection, Pagefreezer helps you stay compliant, responsive, and litigation-ready. 15+ Years Specializing in online recordkeeping 1800+ Organizations using Pagefreezer 2.5 Billion+ Webpages archived 207,700+ Social media accounts captured Discover the Benefits of Archiving Software for Compliance, eDiscovery, and Investigations Archiving Software for Compliance Automatically archive content to meet FOIA, SEC, FINRA, and other regulatory recordkeeping requirements. Digital Records for eDiscovery Quickly locate, hold, and export defensible records from digital platforms—reducing risk, cost, and response time in litigation. Online Evidence for Investigations Capture online content before it’s edited or deleted to support internal reviews and legal investigations. Results “ Switching to Pagefreezer has saved us 800-900 hours per year. That’s a dramatic impact. We’ve also seen a 30% reduction in open records requests with the public portal. —Kelley Smith Information Technology Specialist (INET) US Federal Government Agency “ The time it gives us to focus on more impactful work & the organization it brings to our archives are great, but the peace of mind it offers is the biggest benefit. We know that the department is protected & we can provide the necessary evidence for every decision we make on our social media channels. Tom Sullivan Communications Specialist, Overseeing social media Fort Worth Police Department “ Knowing that any piece of content we have collected from the internet is stored and retrievable to an evidential standard is undoubtedly one of the most successful improvements we have made to our workflow in recent years. Ian Callaghan Integrity Intelligence Manager Stats Perform See Why 1800+ Organizations Trust Pagefreezer. Get a personalized demo of our archiving software and see how easy it is to preserve, search, and export your digital records—without the headaches. Common FAQs About Archiving Software Archiving software helps organizations securely preserve and manage digital records from websites, social media accounts, and corporate chat platforms. It ensures long-term retention, maintains a reliable record of communications, and helps companies protect sensitive information and corporate data. Below are the most common questions: What is digital archive software? Digital archive software is vital for organizations that need to securely preserve and manage digital records from websites, social media accounts, and corporate chat platforms. It ensures long-term access, maintains data integrity, and provides reliable records for internal reviews or investigations. Pagefreezer’s digital archiving solutions help organizations store data in secure, searchable format that maintains compliance and satisfies regulatory standards. How does archiving software help with compliance? Archiving software helps organizations meet regulatory and legal requirements by automatically capturing and securely storing digital records from websites, and social media accounts. Proper archiving software ensures records remain tamper-proof, searchable, and accessible for regulatory audits by organizatinos such as FINRA and SEC, internal reviews, or investigations, reducing organizational risk. Who uses digital archiving software? Government agencies, legal teams, financial instituitions, large enterprises, and organizations in heavily regulated industries use digital archiving software to capture and maintain corporate communications records from websites and social media for compliance, eDiscovery, investigations, and more. What types of content can Pagefreezer archive? Pagefreezer’s solutions help organizations create records from owned and third-party data sources like websites and social media accounts. Our solutions can capture data from anywhere on the web, including sites like Reddit, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, WhatsApp, Discord, YouTube and more. Pagefreezer’s enterprise solutions capture internal chat records and complex websites. All content is captured with digital signatures and metadata ensuring authenticity and complete records. How does Pagefreezer help organizations maintain evidence? Pagefreezer’s WebPreserver evidence collection browser-plug in helps organizations capture and store evidence from third-party online sources before it gets edited or removed. Pagefreezer’s enterprise digital archiving solutions helps organizations capture and preserve complete internal records from their owned social media accounts, chat platforms, and websites. All content captured and preserved with Pagefreezer’s solutions is easily searchable to locate specific records, displayed in original context for easy review, and is stored in tamper-proof format with digital signatures to ensure authenticity and defensibility in court. What are the benefits of archiving software for organizations? Archiving software provides organizations with several key benefits: Preserve Corporate Records: Captures websites, social media accounts, and Teams chats in a secure, tamper-proof format, ensuring digital records remain accurate and reliable. Evidence for Audits and Investigations: Maintains a searchable archive that can be used to review historical activity, support internal investigations and eDiscovery, and provide evidence in disputes. Security and Data Integrity: Uses WORM storage, encryption, digital signatures, and access controls to protect content from tampering and unauthorized access. Satsify Regulatory Requirements: Meets compliance requirements for capturing, storing, and accessing corporate records mandated by regulatory bodies like FINRA, SEC, and open record and FOIA laws. Protects Organizational Reputation : Helps detect suspicious activity or potential security threats in corporate accounts, allowing proactive responses before issues escalate. Solutions Legal Hold Online Evidence Collection Industries Financial Services Government Education Public Safety Insurance Resources Content Library Blog About Us Contact Us 1-888-916-3999 support@pagefreezer.com Head Office: #500-311 Water Street Vancouver, BC V6B 1B8 Canada Europe Office: Van Leeuwenhoekpark 1 - Office 5 2611 DW, Delft The Netherlands UK Office: +44 20 3744 7173 Australia Office: +61 (07) 3186 2199 Subscribe to our Blog Get targeted Industry news, great tips and valuable insights Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow ©2025 Pagefreezer Software Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy and Acceptable Use Policy . Commercial use and distribution of the contents of this website is not allowed without express and prior written consent of Pagefreezer Software Inc. subject to existing copyright exceptions and limitations.