Pair Domains Manage Consent X To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information.
            Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site.
            Not consenting or withdrawing consent may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user,
            or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Statistics The technical storage or access is used exclusively for statistical purposes. Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles for advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Accept All View Preferences Cookie Notice Privacy Statement Contact Us SPECIAL OFFER Get a professional website built in 7 days Only $99 setup fee! Features Pricing Contact Support Articles Web Hosting Features Prices Web Hosting Website Design Contact Us Support Articles Log In Log In × We've changed our name but you can still trust us to offer the same great features, friendly support, and fair pricing for your domain names. Don't worry, your pairNIC account and domain names will continue to work with Pair Domains. Close We've changed our name but you can still trust us to offer the same great features, friendly support, and fair pricing for your domain names. Don't worry, your pairNIC account and domain names will continue to work with Pair Domains. Domain registration starting at $3.00 No asterisks. No hidden fees. No upcharges. GO GO GO Want to register or transfer multiple domains? Enter each domain name on its own line Pair Domains is the best domain registrar on the planet. I've tried all the big names, and they all leave so much to be desired. I can't tell you how highly I recommend you to other people, and that you have a customer for life in me. Tommy B, Pair Customer for 14 years. As a professional web developer I need a registrar that is trustworthy and fairly priced and that has been Pair. Michael R, Pair Customer for 23 years. Better performance at lower cost. I will continue to recommend Pair to all my clients who have domain registration needs. Jim L, Pair Customer for 23 years. What is included with a Pair Domain? DNS Super-fast and reliable DNS with DNSSEC and Dynamic DNS included for
        free. Premium features that often cost extra elsewhere come standard
        with every Pair domain. Professional Email Receive email at your domain by forwarding it to mailboxes that you
          already have. Email boxes are available as add-ons. Security and Privacy Protect your domains with Transfer Protection and Domain Locking.
          Keep your contact information private at no extra cost. Still have questions? How do I transfer to Pair Domains? How does Pair Domains help keep my domain names safe? How do I use Dynamic DNS? Do you have two factor authentication? Visit Knowledge Base SPECIAL OFFER W-A-I-T! Want a website with
        unlimited edits and full
        maintenance done for you? Special offer for Pair Customers: 83% off Enter your email address to learn more Enter your phone number Learn More Submitting... Thank you! You will be contacted and given more information. You can also visit UENI for more info. Special offer for Pair Customers: 83% off Trustpilot Rated: 4.8 Excellent Powered by U E N I PAIR DOMAINS ® Contact Us Knowledge Base Corporate Info Abuse Policies PRODUCTS Pricing Web Hosting ACCOUNT My Domains My Weebly Sites RESOURCES WHOIS Search Service Agreement Privacy Policy Registrants' benefits and responsibilities Registrant Educational Materials Report abuse: abuse@pairdomains.com © 2002-2025 Pair Networks, Inc. KNOWLEDGE BASE PRICING MY DOMAINS SERVICE AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY CORPORATE INFO ABUSE POLICIES REGISTRANTS' BENEFITS AND RESPONSIBILITIES REGISTRANT EDUCATIONAL MATERIALS Report abuse: abuse@pairdomains.com © 2002-2025 Pair Networks, Inc.