Palm | Live in the moment. Skip to content Search Search Log in Cart Live in the moment Palm is the best small phone for minimalists, athletes, and families. Your entire digital life now fits in a coin pocket. Perfect for taking a break from your big phone. About the size of a credit card. Palm is small enough to fit in your wallet or hide inside your workout clothes. It fits everywhere your big phone can't. Stunning HD Display. Palm’s custom 3.3" display has a pixel density of 445ppi, delivering stunning brightness, remarkable contrast and vivid colors. Amazing cameras. Capture every moment with Palm’s 12MP rear camera and 8MP selfie camera. Designed for quick action. Quick Actions are available on many of your favorite apps. Press and hold the app icon on your home screen to instantly create an event, send an email, or play your favorite playlist. Lifemode. Life Mode eliminates distraction by silencing incoming calls and notifications every time the screen is turned off. When you wake the screen, your Palm becomes fully connected again so you’ll never miss out on life's most important moments. Small but mighty. With advanced smarts built-in, Palm packs a big punch. Specifications Processor: Qualcomm® 435 processor. Octa-core CPU Display: 3.3” HD Display - 445 ppi high pixel density LCD Glass: Impact resistant front and rear Corning Gorilla Glass Cameras: 12MP rear camera with flash + 8MP front camera Construction: Crafted billet aluminum mid-frame Durability: IP68 water and dust resistant Memory: 3 GB RAM / 32 GB Storage Audio: Dual speaker Sensors: G-Sensor, Glonass GPS, Proximity, E-compass, Gyro OS: Android 8.1 Security: Face unlock Dimensions: 50.6 X 96.6 X 7.4mm Weight: 62.5 grams Colors: Available in titanium and gold Carrier Compatibility: The U.S. carrier unlocked Palm works with Verizon or any subsidiary networks of Verizon network (US Mobile, Affinity Cellular, Best Cellular, Boom! Mobile, Credo Mobile, Dataxoom, Lively, Net10, Page Plus Cellular, Red Pocket Mobile, Selectel Wireless, Spectrum Mobile, Straight Talk, Ting Mobile, Total Wireless, Tracfone, Twigby, Visible, Wing, Xfinity Mobile). The U.S. Unlocked Palm is not compatible with the AT&T network, the Sprint Network, or T-Mobile or any subsidiary networks of either AT&T, Sprint or T-Mobile using the same cellular bands and frequencies. 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 3G: UMTS 1/2/4/5 4G: FDD 2/4/5/12/13/17/66 For more on carrier compatibility, you can check your carrier's bands and frequencies. Battery: Palm uses a USB-C charger that is compatible with any standard outlet for all-day use. With Life Mode, Palm gets an all-day battery life with typical use: Talk-Time: Up to 3 hours and 20 minutes GPS Workout: Up to 4 hours and 45 minutes Music LTE Streaming: Up to 5 hours and 30 minutes Music Wi-Fi Streaming: Up to 6 hours Local Music Playback: Up to 9 hours and 30 minutes Music Over LTE + GPS Workout: Up to 3 hours outdoor workout with streaming audio, GPS, and LTE Standby Time: 3+ days Charge Time: 50% at 31 minutes, 100% at 68 minutes Battery life differs by use, configuration, cellular coverage, signal strength, Wi-Fi connection and other factors. Battery life was tested on a pre-production unit using pre-released software. © 2024, Palm. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.