Video Chat | Paltalk Main menu Features Members Chat Rooms Downloads Secondary menu Sign In Download Paltalk for Free Meet New Friends Start a free video, voice, or text group chat with anyone on any device Available on iOS, Android, MacOS and Windows Download Paltalk for Free 0 Join chatrooms with millions of people Paltalk allows you to join into topic-based chatrooms where you can collaborate, share, and talk with 5,000 live chat rooms. A place to meet up regularly, talk about anything, and hop from room to room. Download Paltalk for Free Video and audio chat Paltalk allows video and audio chat and with groups in public room or privatly in a one-to-one room with friends. Download Paltalk for Free Direct message friends Direct message friends with our convenient messenger feature. Send unlimited messages and photos to your friends freely and securely. Download Paltalk for Free What people are saying about Paltalk... Found Paltalk and it is really useful by JS Paltalk is really useful for my friend groups. Livestream video to many friends at once with no time limit like others. Great audio quality too. Slick little app with lots of good functions, highly recommend Paltalk saved my life by Lemondrop Paltalk has give me a world of new friends. Each day I look forward to talking to several of my friends. And every now and then I open up my privacy setting so that I can be the first to talk to some newbies too. In my case Paltalk, saved my life Always fun by J Always fun, just a cool laid back spot to have a social life if you can’t have one for other reasons! Not to mention it’s not like any of the admins or whatever the big wigs are called are following or monitoring what we say, they kind of give us our own rope and it is up to you to decide how to use it. Right is right and wrong is wrong! This is my only chat platform. by ABDUL - WADUD This is my only chat platform. Enjoying it very much. My only complaint is coloring my nick and purchasing credits presents difficulties. Although I use my credit card Visa Gold, there is always some problem which I don't have with other purchases. I hope to sort it out soon with your staff, when I get some time. I've been a paltalk user for 20 years by RubenesqueGoddess I've been a paltalk user for 20 years, it has been the best socializing platform. I had fun, I met people, I met my best friend in paltalk 20 years ago and she and I have been the best of friends ever since. I like that paltalk has a section from everyone. Years ago I recommended it to a neighbor that was single, he found his wife wife in paltalk. They were married for many years until she passed a few years ago. Great app to use by RAYLOW da LEGEND The weight loss so far is really good. I’ve tried for months and months and only gotten heavier.This is the first positive weight loss I’ve experienced in a couple of years. Paltalk is an excellent Messenger by faintphd Paltalk is an excellent Messenger utility. I have experienced this service for about 12 years and learned the right way to function as an Admin. If you want to excel in groups with peers, you are in the right place. Keep up the good work! by Kevin Miller I've been on power talk for over a decade and have truly enjoyed the experience using this platform. The ability to be able to chat and see people you're communicating with has always been a good thing. Now with covid going on having that ability to communicate with people becomes that much more important. So I just want to tell paltalk to keep up the good work and I will continue to enjoy your platform Ready to join the fun? Sign up now to join millions of users on Paltalk! Download Paltalk for Free CS Download Paltalk for Free × Join Paltalk today Using your email address I am over the age of 16 and accept Paltalk's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy I would like to receive updates about products & services, exclusive offers, events,
                        and promotions from Paltalk Sign Up & Install Paltalk By clicking "Sign Up & Install Paltalk", you agree to Paltalk's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Cookie Policy | Cookie Settings Footer Links Paltalk Paltalk for Desktop Paltalk Mobile Virtual Gifts Search for Friends Search for Rooms Partner with Us Merchandise About Us Careers Social Blog Facebook Twitter Instagram Support Support Home Contact Us Uninstall Accessibility Our Products Camfrog Vumber Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Languages English العربية English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Español Svenska Tiếng Việt Copyright © 2025 Paltalk US LLC. All rights reserved. Your download started here