Diapers, Baby Care, and Parenting Information | Pampers US Skip to home Skip to main content Skip to search Rewards Products Pampers is the #1 Pediatrician Recommended Brand By Category Diapers Pull On Diapers Potty Training Pants Wipes All Products By Age & Stage Newborn (0-3 months) Baby (3-12 months) Toddler (12+ months) Best for Sleep Best for Crawling Babies Best for Walking Babies Best for Potty Training Tools and Matchmaker Perfect Baby Diaper Finder Find Baby's Diaper Size Solve Baby Sleep Quiz Compare Diapers Save on Diapers Products Quality and Safety Contact Us Pampers Rewards Join the Pampers Rewards to save money, track with tools, and learn from experts! Discover Pampers Rewards Loyalty App & Rewards Offers & Coupons Parenting Tools Our Experts Join Pampers Rewards Online exclusives FREE TRIAL on our Baby Sleep Solution App Refer Friends for Extra Pampers Cash Get Pampers Rewards Pregnancy Follow every pregnancy milestone; Pampers guides you at every step Pregnancy Pregnancy Calendar Baby Names Pregnancy Symptoms Giving Birth All Pregnancy Articles Popular Tools Baby Shower Find your baby's name Chinese Gender Predictor Due Date Calculator Free Pregnancy Guides Online Birthing Classes Hospital Bag Checklist Quizzes All Tools Parenting Embrace every milestone, discover Pampers parenting guides Baby (0-12 months) Diapering Baby Sleep Health Newborn Baby Development All Baby Articles Toddler (12-24 months) Potty Training Sleep Toddler Development All Toddler Articles Popular Tools Baby Development Milestones Quizzes Baby Growth Chart Calculator All Tools About Us Learn about Pampers’ commitment to babies, parents and the planet About Us All About Us Pampers History Quality And Safety Community Impact Editorial Guidelines and Contributors Contact Us Sustainability Nurturing Baby's Future FAQs Sign in My Profile View and edit your details Log out Shop now Behind Every Baby Learn more Your parenting playlist just dropped From snack negotiations to 2AM diaper drops, your realest parenting moments just got their own soundtrack. See your Top Tracks Save on Pampers With Pampers Rewards App get $10 off for every 10 diaper scans and earn extra bonuses when reaching new milestones. Download now The app to solve your baby’s sleep Everything you need to transform your baby’s sleep. By Pampers. Backed by experts. Based on science. Loved by Parents Start Your Free Trial View all benefits Behind Every Baby Learn more Your parenting playlist just dropped From snack negotiations to 2AM diaper drops, your realest parenting moments just got their own soundtrack. See your Top Tracks Save on Pampers With Pampers Rewards App get $10 off for every 10 diaper scans and earn extra bonuses when reaching new milestones. Download now The app to solve your baby’s sleep Everything you need to transform your baby’s sleep. By Pampers. Backed by experts. Based on science. Loved by Parents Start Your Free Trial View all benefits Behind Every Baby Learn more Discover Our Products Pants Diapers Wipes Pampers® Swaddlers™ DIAPERS DRYNESS & COMFORT 4.8 4.8 / 5 Pampers® Pure DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 1.0 1 / 5 Pampers® Baby-Dry™ DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 4.5 4.5 / 5 Pampers® Zzz DIAPERS MORE ABSORBENT 3.7 3.7 / 5 Pampers® Swaddlers™ DIAPERS DRYNESS & COMFORT 4.8 4.8 / 5 Pampers® Pure DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 1.0 1 / 5 Pampers® Baby-Dry™ DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 4.5 4.5 / 5 Pampers® Zzz DIAPERS MORE ABSORBENT 3.7 3.7 / 5 Learn more Pampers® Cruisers 360°™ PULL-ON DIAPERS ACTIVE FIT 4.5 4.5 / 5 Pampers® Cruisers 360°™ Pampers® Swaddlers 360°™ DIAPERS EASY CHANGES 4.7 4.7 / 5 Pampers® Swaddlers 360°™ Pampers® Easy Ups™ DIAPERS EASY ON EASY OFF 4.5 4.5 / 5 Pampers® Easy Ups™ Pampers® Pure Protection Training Underwear™ DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 3.3 3.3 / 5 Pampers® Pure Protection Training Underwear™ Pampers® Swaddlers™ DIAPERS DRYNESS & COMFORT 4.8 4.8 / 5 Pampers® Swaddlers™ Pampers® Pure DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 1.0 1 / 5 Pampers® Pure Pampers® Baby-Dry™ DIAPERS HYPOALLERGENIC 4.5 4.5 / 5 Pampers® Baby-Dry™ Pampers® Zzz DIAPERS MORE ABSORBENT 3.7 3.7 / 5 Pampers® Zzz Pampers® Sensitive™ WIPES HYPOALLERGENIC 4.8 4.8 / 5 Pampers® Sensitive™ Pampers® Aqua Pure™ WIPES FRAGRANCE FREE 4.6 4.6 / 5 Pampers® Aqua Pure™ Pampers® Ultraclean™ WIPES PLANT-BASED 4.8 4.8 / 5 Pampers® Ultraclean™ Pampers® Complete Clean™ WIPES HYPOALLERGENIC 4.7 4.7 / 5 Pampers® Complete Clean™ Not sure what baby needs? Find My Perfect Diaper Why Pampers? Care is Our legacy Chosen by millions for 60+ years, we are committed to keeping your baby dry, comfortable & protected. Trusted Protection Going beyond industry standards to ensure the best for your baby #1 Choice of NICU Professionals Thoughtfully made to protect even the most delicate skin Certified by Experts Externally Accredited  & Dermatologically-Approved What milestone is your little one discovering? Pampers for Every Step of the Journey Find your match Newborn See more Better Sleep See more Crawling See more Walking See more Potty Training See more Best of Pampers See more Save on Pampers Discover Our Rewards Program Start saving now with Pampers! Get $10 off for every 10 diaper scans and earn extra bonuses when reaching new milestones. Most boxes have 2 scans, so you'll be earning rewards in no time! Get the Pampers Rewards app Scan the QR code  to download the app Download app #1 Pediatrician Recommended Brand Dr. Charlotte Wool York, PA Dr. Stephen DeMeo Raleigh, NC Kati Knudsen Portland, OR Dr. Christopher B. Peltier Cincinnati, OH I’m a nurse, scholar, and professor (PhD, RN, FAAN) with expertise in maternal-child research and educational strategies I’m a nurse, scholar, and professor (PhD, RN, FAAN) with expertise in maternal-child research and educational strategies Dr. Charlotte Wool York, PA I’m a Neonatologist (DO, MEd) specializing in the care of critically ill newborns and developing new teaching methods for future medical professionals I’m a Neonatologist (DO, MEd) specializing in the care of critically ill newborns and developing new teaching methods for future medical professionals Dr. Stephen DeMeo Raleigh, NC I’ve spent 25 years specializing in neonatal and pediatric physical therapy I’ve spent 25 years specializing in neonatal and pediatric physical therapy Kati Knudsen Portland, OR I’m a pediatrics and medical education expert (MD, FAAP) and the President of the Ohio Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics I’m a pediatrics and medical education expert (MD, FAAP) and the President of the Ohio Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics Dr. Christopher B. Peltier Cincinnati, OH Behind Every Baby As They Size Up Find the right fit to help avoid leaks Learn more Expert Advice for Parents See more articles Tips 11 min read How Much Sleep Does a Toddler Need? By Mandy Treeby | Co-founder of the Smart Sleep Coach by Pampers™ Discover everything you need to know about toddler sleep, including how to create a sleep routine and what to do about nightmares, teeth grinding, and more! Read more Product Deepdive 6 min read Best Overnight Diapers for Your Baby - Discover the benefits of nighttime diapers for your baby, such as Pampers Swaddlers Overnights, for a dry and comfortable sleep. Read more Diapering Challenges 8 min read How Often to Change a Newborn's Diaper: What to Know By Christopher B. Peltier Learn how often to change your newborn’s diaper, when to change at night, and whether to change before or after feedings—plus tips to keep baby comfy. Read more Diapering 6 min read Diapering Made Easy—Quick Solutions for Everyday Challenges - Looking for some diapering tips for those everyday challenges? From blowouts to wriggly babies, we answer your diaper-changing questions. Read more Diapering Challenges 7 min read How to Change a Diaper: Your Step-by-Step Guide By Christopher B. Peltier Read our step-by-step guide on how to change a diaper to learn what you need and different techniques for newborn boys or girls and toddlers. Read more Skin & Diaper rash 7 min read Choosing Comfort: Pampers Best Hypoallergenic Diapers for Sensitive Skin By Christopher B. Peltier Find the best diapers for sensitive skin with Pampers. Hypoallergenic, gentle, and designed to keep your baby dry and comfortable all day. Read more Tips 11 min read How Much Sleep Does a Toddler Need? By Mandy Treeby | Co-founder of the Smart Sleep Coach by Pampers™ Discover everything you need to know about toddler sleep, including how to create a sleep routine and what to do about nightmares, teeth grinding, and more! Read more Product Deepdive 6 min read Best Overnight Diapers for Your Baby - Discover the benefits of nighttime diapers for your baby, such as Pampers Swaddlers Overnights, for a dry and comfortable sleep. Read more Diapering Challenges 8 min read How Often to Change a Newborn's Diaper: What to Know By Christopher B. Peltier Learn how often to change your newborn’s diaper, when to change at night, and whether to change before or after feedings—plus tips to keep baby comfy. Read more Diapering 6 min read Diapering Made Easy—Quick Solutions for Everyday Challenges - Looking for some diapering tips for those everyday challenges? From blowouts to wriggly babies, we answer your diaper-changing questions. Read more Diapering Challenges 7 min read How to Change a Diaper: Your Step-by-Step Guide By Christopher B. Peltier Read our step-by-step guide on how to change a diaper to learn what you need and different techniques for newborn boys or girls and toddlers. Read more Skin & Diaper rash 7 min read Choosing Comfort: Pampers Best Hypoallergenic Diapers for Sensitive Skin By Christopher B. Peltier Find the best diapers for sensitive skin with Pampers. Hypoallergenic, gentle, and designed to keep your baby dry and comfortable all day. Read more Tips 11 min read How Much Sleep Does a Toddler Need? By Mandy Treeby | Co-founder of the Smart Sleep Coach by Pampers™ Discover everything you need to know about toddler sleep, including how to create a sleep routine and what to do about nightmares, teeth grinding, and more! Read more Product Deepdive 6 min read Best Overnight Diapers for Your Baby - Discover the benefits of nighttime diapers for your baby, such as Pampers Swaddlers Overnights, for a dry and comfortable sleep. Read more Diapering Challenges 8 min read How Often to Change a Newborn's Diaper: What to Know By Christopher B. Peltier Learn how often to change your newborn’s diaper, when to change at night, and whether to change before or after feedings—plus tips to keep baby comfy. Read more Diapering 6 min read Diapering Made Easy—Quick Solutions for Everyday Challenges - Looking for some diapering tips for those everyday challenges? From blowouts to wriggly babies, we answer your diaper-changing questions. Read more Trusted for decades, Pampers supports families through every milestone with care, expertise, and a legacy of comfort that spans generations. Join the club Follow us on Pampers Diapers Wipes Smart Sleep Coaching What is Pampers Rewards? Join Pampers Rewards Contact Contact Us Careers Editorial Guidelines and Contributors Terms and Conditions Privacy Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Privacy & Settings Your privacy choices Cookies Site Map PG Site Accredited Business Language English | Spanish Change country/region Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information / Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising Pampers does not sell your sensitive personal data. NOTICE: Other P&G brands may sell your sensitive personal data. Extended Menu Pregnancy Topics See All Pregnancy Pregnancy Symptoms Pregnancy Announcement Prenatal health and wellness Baby Names Baby shower Multiples Giving Birth Preparing for new Baby Parenting Topics All Baby Articles Newborn Baby Activities Baby Development Baby Care Baby Health Baby Feeding Baby Sleep Diapering Teething Parenting life All Toddler Articles Toddler Activities Toddler Health Toddler Development Toddler Sleep Toddler Nutrition Potty Training Parenting Life Tools Baby Name Generator Due Date Calculator Hospital Bag Checklist Online Birthing Classes Chinese Gender Predictor Pregnancy Calendar Baby Birthday Facts Pregnancy Weight Gain Calculator Quizzes Happy Monthiversary Printables Pregnancy Milestones Tracker Baby Development Milestones Baby Growth Chart Calculator Guides and Downloadables About Us See All About Us Quality and Safety Sustainability Community Impact Pampers Heritage Accessibility Statement © 2025 Procter & Gamble The use and access to the information on this site is subject to the Terms & Conditions , set out in our legal agreement.