Panda Video: Video Hosting Platform for Business and Creators English Spanish PT EN ES English Spanish Home Features HOSTING: All Features eLearning Live Analytics Anti-download SELL MORE: VSL AI Dubbing Video Funnel ENGAGE MORE: Playlist Tutor Artificial Intelligence Compare Pricing Blog Partners App Login Get started for free Features HOSTING: All Features eLearning Live Analytics Anti-download SELL MORE: VSL AI Dubbing Video Funnel ENGAGE MORE: Playlist Tutor Artificial Intelligence Compare Pricing Blog Partners App EN ES PT Login Get started for free By using this website, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Accept New: Interactive VSLs with the Video Funnel The video hosting that secures, engages and increase sales Stop piracy, scale VSL sales, and keep students engaged with AI tools. Panda Video is the all-in-one platform for businesses of any size. Get started for free View plans Features Key features for your videos Smart Autoplay Enhance interaction and capture more leads with our Smart Autoplay feature. DRM (Watermark) Our DRM is the leading market solution to protect your videos from piracy. Replace Video Update videos on Panda without needing to change the link on any page. Tutor Train an AI chatbot to answer your students’ questions in real time. Dummy Progress Bar Boost lead retention during your VSL with our engaging Dummy Progress Bar. Artificial Intelligence Quickly optimize your videos with high quality using our AI-powered features. Subtitles With our subtitle feature, you have the possibility to sell to several countries around the world. AI Dubbing Expand your content globally and attract new clients with our AI-powered automatic dubbing. Chapters Highlight key moments in your video with our Chapters feature, making it easy to navigate through different topics Resume Playback Enhance user experience with our Resume Playback feature, allowing viewers to pick up where they left off. Tracking Pixels Your Remarketing campaigns made easier, as we integrate with Facebook, Google, and custom pixels CTA Buttons Display your CTAs at strategic moments in your VSL (Video Sales Letter) with our customizable buttons. Thumbnails Customize your video presentation with flexible thumbnail options. Custom Appearance Fully customize your video player’s appearance to align with your brand. Offline App Allow your students to download and watch classes anytime. Learn more Our numbers 99 % Customer satisfaction 150 + New features + 1.6M Videos High performance behind the scenes for your screen Panda Video uses one of the largest data centers in the world to deliver your videos with greater speed and security. Benefits How Panda Video will help your business: Piracy Protection Keep your content safe with advanced DRM and dynamic watermarking. Only authorized students get access, reducing piracy and protecting your business. Control of Students in Live Classes Panda’s exclusive technology lets you control where your live classes are broadcast, preventing access by non-students and protecting your content. Increased Sales through your VSL Panda uses advanced technologies to boost user engagement, making your CTA buttons more effective. Integrated Facebook Pixel further improves retention for your targeted campaigns. Compare all the benefits How can Panda Video make your business more profitable and secure? Boosting Your VSL Conversion Rates Instantly Smart Auto Play technology automatically starts your video, creating a sense of urgency that prompts leads to engage quickly. Once they click, the video starts from the beginning, ensuring they capture every second of your message. Start for free See plans Our solution Panda Video: the ultimate platform for digital creators We offer a secure, all-in-one platform for hosting courses and driving sales. Leading companies trust Panda Video to boost their profitability and ensure their business reliability. Elevate your digital strategy with Panda Video. Creators Host, protect and monetize your videos with a customizable and ad-free player. Marketing Teams Reach your target audience with high-quality videos hosted on our platform. Online Educators Deliver interactive and protected online classes, with DRM and anti-piracy tools to safeguard your educational content. EdTechs Transform digital education with innovative, scalable video hosting solutions tailored for EdTechs. Testimonials The feedback from our customers speaks for itself Reviews Pablo Marçal PLX "We managed to significantly reduce the hosting cost of videos that were on Vimeo, providing a better experience for students on various platforms." Marcos Paulo PLX "Lower price, faster player, and Portuguese support. I don't understand why some people still use Vimeo, risking content downloads with just one click. Panda has no competition!" Rainer Borene Memberkit "We received several integration requests with Panda Video. Finally, we have a viable alternative with an absurd quality of video hosting. Panda has an incredible future ahead!" Romanni Souza Institulo Romanni "Panda Video is robust and has the best support in the market. They are always promoting constant improvements, with specific optimizations designed for those in the digital product business." Christian Barbosa Tríade do Tempo "We are migrating all platforms of my courses and those of TriadPS, Triad Educa, and partners to Panda Video. Faster and safer than Vimeo." Eleandro Ferronatto Investfy "We migrated our entire video base from Vimeo to Panda. Indispensable to ensure video availability on any occasion. Safer, much easier to use." Rafael Wisch Green "We were impressed with the quality of the videos and the speed of streaming, far surpassing Vimeo. It's very proud to see a Brazilian company delivering this quality with such cost-effectiveness. It will go far!" João Alves Novos Ricos "Panda saved us when Vimeo came with an abusive charge for excess bandwidth usage. We managed to migrate everything in a short time with the support and help of the team. In addition to being cheaper, the service became much better than Vimeo." Pricing The best cost-benefit in the market Panda Video offers 3 types of subscriptions, with plans starting from $0.50 per day—less than a bottle of water! ‍ Enjoy secure, ad-free video hosting with no hidden fees or surprise charges. Customize your plan any time to fit your business needs, and grow with Panda Video at your own pace. Bronze $ 14 ,90 / month 200 GB of Storage See how video storage works. Learn more $ 0.06 per additional GB* 300 GB of Bandwidth See how bandwidth usage works. Learn more $ 0.03 per additional GB* Get started for free Talk to sales team Customizable player All artificial intelligence features Analytics & retention metrics Offline class app Access videos even without internet DRM security & Allowed domains API integration Check the full documentation One live at a time Fast video upload Most popular SILVER $ 37 ,90 / month 512 GB of Storage See how video storage works. Learn more $ 0.06 per additional GB* 1 TB of Bandwidth See how bandwidth usage works. Learn more $ 0.03 per additional GB* Get started for free Talk to sales team Customizable player All artificial intelligence features Analytics & retention metrics Offline class app Access videos even without internet DRM security & Allowed domains API integration Check the full documentation One live at a time Up to 2 users per account Fast video upload GOLD $ 87 ,90 / month 1 TB of Storage See how video storage works. Learn more $ 0.06 per additional GB* 3 TB of Bandwidth See how bandwidth usage works. Learn more $ 0.03 per additional GB* Get started for free Talk to sales team Customizable player All artificial intelligence features Analytics & retention metrics Offline class app Access videos even without internet DRM security & Allowed domains API integration Check the full documentation 2 simultaneous lives Up to 10 users per account Anti-download Ultra-fast video upload ENTERPRISE Need more storage and bandwidth? Contact our team to create a customized plan. Contact Us *Additional storage and bandwidth can be purchased as a pre-paid package in blocks of 512 GB. In the bandwidth case, if it exceeds the contracted pre-paid limit, it will be charged at $ 0.06 per GB as post-paid. *The Artificial Intelligence feature is present in all pricing options, its usage condition occurs through consumption of credits inserted in the platform. Therefore, its cost is related to a separate value from what is charged in the plans. Blog Check out our blog articles See all Tips October 15, 2025 The 12 Best Video Hosting for Digital Marketing and Online Courses (2025 Edition) Discover the best video hosting platforms and compare what each one offers for creators and businesses that use videos in marketing or online education. Marketing October 7, 2025 Click-Through Rate in Videos: 7 Factors That Affect CTR (and Your Conversions) Learn how to increase your video click-through rate (CTR) and optimize conversions with practical tips for sales pages and VSL videos. Tips October 2, 2025 AI Voice: 8 Tools to Create Narrations for Ads and VSLs Discover 8 AI voice tools to create professional narrations for VSLs, ads, and online courses, and optimize your content production. Frequently asked questions What is Panda Video? Panda Video is a video hosting platform designed for content creators, EdTechs, and marketing professionals. Thousands of companies use Panda Video to boost sales with VSLs, protect online courses with DRM watermarking, and engage students with AI-powered features and a fully customizable player. Can I change plans whenever I want? Yes, if you're unsure about your exact usage, you can start with our smallest plan and upgrade as needed. Can I integrate Panda Video with my LMS? Yes! Panda Video provides multiple link formats to ensure compatibility with a wide range of LMS platforms and websites. Is there a commitment period? No, here at Panda, you can cancel whenever you want! How is the payment processed? We accept payments via credit card. Are the pricing options customizable? Yes, you can customize your pricing according to your needs and can also upgrade or downgrade at any time! Can I track my usage? Yes, you can monitor your usage directly from your dashboard, including a daily bandwidth consumption graph and an estimate of your projected usage. ©Panda Videos Ltda 2025. All rights reserved. Sitemap Home Features Compare Pricing Blog App Company Partners Refer and Earn Privacy Policies Cookie Policies Terms of Use Contact Help Center WhatsApp Telegram suporte@pandavideo.com Developed by Mukutu