Panic - We code apps, publish games, and make Playdate. Panic despelote Blippo+ Herdling Thank Goodness You're Here! Arco Time Flies Panic codes Mac apps for developers. Nova Nova The beautiful, fast, flexible, native Mac code editor. Supports Panic Sync Transmit Transmit Need to transfer files? The ultimate macOS SFTP + FTP + S3 client. Supports Panic Sync Prompt Prompt The best SSH app for iOS, and now macOS. Supports Panic Sync Panic publishes amazing video games. Blippo+ Blippo+ Blippo+ is a live-action, new wave, off-cable TV simulator. Available now for Playdate, Steam and Nintendo Switch. Buy Now Herdling Herdling A brand new adventure from Okomotive, creators of the atmospheric and acclaimed FAR games. Available now for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, Steam, and Epic Games Store. Buy Now Time Flies Time Flies A game about our limited time in this world. Available now for PlayStation 5, Nintendo Switch, Mac, and PC. Buy Now Ratcheteer DX Ratcheteer DX Explore the depths and brave a frozen Snowcean in this lo-fi action-adventure! Coming soon. Wishlist on Steam despelote despelote A slice-of-life adventure about childhood and the magical grip soccer held over the people of Quito, Ecuador in 2001. For PlayStation, Xbox, Steam, Mac App Store, and Nintendo Switch. Buy Now Arco Arco Three tales forged in bloodshed, laced with magic, and united by revenge. For Steam, Mac App Store, Epic Games Store, and Nintendo Switch. Buy Now Thank Goodness You're Here! Thank Goodness You're Here! A comedy slapformer. For Steam, Mac App Store, Epic Games Store, PlayStation 4 and 5, Xbox, and Nintendo Switch. Buy Now Nour: Play With Your Food Nour: Play With Your Food An interactive exploration into the aesthetics of food. For PlayStation, Steam, and Epic Games Store. Buy Now Untitled Goose Game Untitled Goose Game It's a lovely morning in the village, and you are a horrible goose. For PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Buy Now Firewatch Firewatch An adventure video game, set in the Wyoming wilderness. For Mac, Windows, Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Buy Now Big Walk Big Walk Hang out and get lost with close friends in a big world. Coming in 2026. Wishlist on Steam Panic makes a handheld game system. Playdate Playdate A new, tiny, yellow console with a crank. And a bunch of brand-new games. Buy Now !! Why not follow us online? Need help from us? We’re here. Find docs, tutorials, hints, or get support. @panic@social.panic.com Get help with Nova Transmit Prompt Playdate Anything else! Sign up for our nice mailing lists. Retrieve serial numbers Download older versions of our applications. Find out about Panic Sync. 1140 SW Washington St, Suite 300, Portland OR, 97205. 503-224-3451 © Panic
					 • 日本語 • Jobs • Privacy