We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
Get a Demo
Bring Learning to Life

From campuses to corporations, the way people learn best is always evolving. Give everyone in your organization the power to create dynamic, adaptable teaching and training content with Panopto’s AI-powered video learning platform.

Get a Demo
13,000,000
users
Panopto: an on-demand video platform where knowledge sharing never stops

Panopto is the only secure video management solution that supports the full video learning lifecycle.

Produce high-quality videos in minutes

Our AI video creation studio can generate high-impact video content quickly from AI prompts, PPTs, notes, and more.

Learn More
Localize content for global audiences

Accelerate the publication of video content for multilingual audiences with one-touch translation.

Learn More
Manage institutional knowledge at scale

Capture, share, and grow expert knowledge across teams or campuses with easy-to-use, integrated, and flexible recording and publishing tools.

Learn More
Meet accessibility standards

 Make knowledge accessible with powerful captioning for videos and live streaming, enhanced navigation and controls, and more.

Learn More
Facilitate learning on-demand

Discover knowledge quickly with a fully indexed video library to support learning anywhere, from the frontlines to remote offices and across global campuses. 

Learn More

THE PANOPTO PLATFORM

A smarter learning journey with video.
Create high-impact content using AI Video Tools

Leverage smart features like text-to-video and gpt-like prompts to create high-quality, brand-compliant, 4K video content.

Learn more
Build and curate your Panopto library

Empower content creators across your institution and teams with Panopto. Capture live lectures or training, live stream events, add quizzes and learner checks, and more.

Learn more
Publish to your organization

Access and share videos on-demand wherever learning takes place–from remote and Hybrid classrooms to the frontlines of your business.

Learn more
Drive engagement for outcomes with Panopto

Personalize smarter ways to learn and ensure greater outcomes with Panopto’s engagement analytics, AI-powered keyword search, ASR captioning, and more.

Learn more

How can Panopto help your organization?
Higher Education
Energy
Transportation
Manufacturing
Healthcare
Lecture Capture

Make learning on-demand and future-proof enrollment with flexible, easy-to-use lecture capture tools. Schedule recordings remotely, then publish them to your Panopto video library.

Learn more
Virtual Learning

Meet students where they are and deliver a rich online learning experience with Panopto’s on-demand playback optimized for all devices, interactive content creation, and more.

Learn more
Accessibility

Deliver accessible content across your institution. From on-demand and live broadcast captioning for 20+ languages to enhanced platform navigation, make learning equitable for your diverse student body with Panopto. 

Learn more
HyFlex Classroom

Support students across learning modalities. From in-person to fully remote and asynchronous learning, use remote recording tools for lectures easily synced to an on-demand Panopto video library integrated with your LMS.

Learn more

CUSTOMER STORIES

The Panopto impact on learning and training worldwide.
How Qualcomm is training the world’s future technology leaders with Panopto’s help
Read case study
How the University of Arizona scaled lecture capture for 40,000 students with Panopto
Read case study
How Framatome centralized its knowledge library and ensured safety in practice with Panopto
Read case study
How a professional training organization uses Panopto video to solve a specialized workforce skill gap
Read case study
Ready to see Panopto in action?
Get a demo

We believe in the power of learning, and we built an intelligent platform to help enterprise organizations improve the way they train, teach, and share knowledge.

Platform
Create Content
Publish to Your Organization
Engage Your Audience
Industries
Integrations
Switch Programs
Enterprise Video Platform
Company
Our Leadership
Careers
News
Resellers
Free Online Video Recorder
Support
Support Center
Panopto Community
Get a Demo
Contact Sales
For Students
LinkedIn
X
Facebook

English
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
AI Statement

Copyright © 2025 Panopto. All Rights reserved.