Outcome-focused tutoring and academic support for K-12 | Paper Skip to content Impact Solutions High-Impact Tutoring Student Support Solutions Teacher Solutions Resources Blog Resource Center Partner Stories Tutors About Login Request Demo Login Request Demo Meet with Paper at AASA NCE in New Orleans, March 6–8 | Booth 711 Schedule a Meeting! ✖ Accelerate student outcomes with GROW high-impact tutoring. Evidence-backed, high dosage tutoring that personalizes learning for every student and delivers measurable academic progress. Explore GROW Watch now { Take action Serving millions of learners with proven results For a decade, our outcome-focused solutions have empowered districts to achieve their academic goals for every student. Average increase in grade-level proficiency of students in GROW High-Impact Tutoring Higher i-Ready ELA scores for students using 1:1 writing feedback tutoring Higher i-Ready math scores for students using on-demand 1:1 math tutoring See Our Results Personalized support for every learner From on-demand tools supporting classroom instruction to evidence-backed Tier 2 interventions, we help students build the skills and confidence for lasting academic success. GROW High-Impact Tutoring MTSS-aligned Tier 2 intervention  accelerating learning outcomes with personalized, small group, high dosage, consistent tutor instruction Learn more 24/7 Live Tutoring & Independent Study 24/7 1:1 tutoring and interactive practice tools that build reading, math, vocabulary, and fluency skills, and drive learning gains Learn more Teacher Support Tools Teachers save time and strengthen classroom learning with AI-powered quizzes, assignment feedback, and live tutor help Learn more Trusted by districts nationwide Districts partner with us to help them accelerate academic growth and close proficiency gaps with proven instructional strategies designed to meet diverse student needs. Read District Success Stories Meet the tutors behind the results Paper tutors are more than subject experts. They're the mentors, motivators, and partners who connect with students to help them make progress every day. Tutors are hired through a rigorous process, extensively trained on research-based tutoring pedagogy, and regularly reviewed to maintain high-standards of tutor excellence. See Tutors in Action The Paper Method tutors use Paper tutors on the importance of tutoring The subjects students typically ask for support in District boosts proficiency 4.5x in 12 weeks Prairie Hills Elementary School District 144 in Illinois saw 4th- and 5th-grade ELA proficiency soar with GROW high-impact tutoring, without adding staff and administrative overhead. Read the story → Featured recognition and awards Ready to consult with a Paper education partner? Let's talk Contact us Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Solution Impact High-Impact Tutoring Student Support Solutions Teacher Solutions Tutors GROW TX GROW CA Partners Administrators Teachers Families Partner Stories Leadership Voices Company About Inside Paper Press Blog Careers Legal Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Policy (Marketing) Student Code of Conduct Privacy Statement Canada Privacy Statement USA Resources Access Lookup Tool Achieve 365 Resource Center Paper Help Center GROW Help Center Chrome extension © Paper 2025 All rights reserved.