Free Online Form Builder & Form Creator for SMBs in 2025 | Paperform Products Solutions Integrations Templates Resources Pricing Sign in Try Paperform Free Products Paperform Paperform is an online form builder like no other. It combines serious digital smarts with beautiful design to create endless possibilities. Papersign Simplify document signing with Papersign, so you can spend less time in email chains and more time on the important stuff. Agency+ Agency+ is the easiest way to manage and scale beautiful and smart forms for clients and brands. Stepper AI native workflow automation software for small business and solopreneurs Solutions Web Forms Scheduling Forms Order Forms Payment Forms Calculation Forms Subscription Forms Conditional Logic Landing page Forms Quiz Maker Poll Maker Survey Maker Test Maker See all solutions All Solutions Explore all the solutions you can create with Paperform: surveys, quizzes, tests, payment forms, scheduling forms, and a whole lot more. See all solutions Integrations Google Sheets Mailchimp Active Campaign Slack Trello Hubspot Notion Airtable Asana Intercom Dropbox ConvertKit See all integrations Connect with over 2,000 popular apps and software to improve productivity and automate workflows See all integrations Templates Resources Blog Real-life stories, trends, and strategies to help you grow your business. Careers Join the company that prioritises 'life-work' balance. Online Signature Generator Create and download a signature. Merch Store Get your hands on Paperform swag. Getting Started Helpful guides to get you on track. Help Center We've got all the answers to your questions. Pricing Sign In Try Paperform Free Products Paperform Paperform is an online form builder like no other. It combines serious digital smarts with beautiful design to create endless possibilities. Papersign Simplify document signing with Papersign, so you can spend less time in email chains and more time on the important stuff. Agency+ Agency+ is the easiest way to manage and scale beautiful and smart forms for clients and brands. Stepper AI native workflow automation software for small business and solopreneurs Solutions Web Forms Scheduling Forms Order Forms Payment Forms Calculation Forms Subscription Forms Conditional Logic Landing page Forms Quiz Maker Poll Maker Survey Maker Test Maker See all solutions All Solutions Explore all the solutions you can create with Paperform: surveys, quizzes, tests, payment forms, scheduling forms, and a whole lot more. See all solutions Integrations Google Sheets Mailchimp Active Campaign Slack Trello Hubspot Notion Airtable Asana Intercom Dropbox ConvertKit See all integrations Connect with over 2,000 popular apps and software to improve productivity and automate workflows See all integrations Resources Blog Real-life stories, trends, and strategies to help you grow your business. Careers Join the company that prioritises 'life-work' balance. Online Signature Generator Create and download a signature. Merch Store Get your hands on Paperform swag. Need Help? Getting Started Helpful guides to get you on track. Help Center We've got all the answers to your questions. Easiest online form builder for SMBs Powerful forms that run your business Build forms that capture data, onboard clients, generate leads, take payments, trigger workflows and send documents for signing, all from one form builder the whole team can use. Get Started - it's free Try any plan free for 7 days, no credit card. Continue with our free plan or upgrade. Free Plan · No code needed · SOC 2 Type II & SSO. Trusted by 500K+ business owners and creators. Trusted by millions of respondents every week. Average rating of 4.8 out of 5 from 380 reviews across Capterra, Trustpilot, and G2. stepper-logo-white-transparent-trim Announcing our new product, Stepper. Go from idea to automation in one conversation. Stepper makes workflow building visual, conversational, and simple. No coding, no confusion—just results you can trust. Get started free or Find out more Stunningly smart, uniquely yours. Designed to stand out Build beautiful solutions as unique as your brand. More intuitive. More customizable. More capable. Science meets sorcery Paperform's unique Calculations function allows you to do things that others can’t. Transform text, calculate shipping rates and discounts based on real-time user input and so much more. Easy Peasy No more drag & lag interfaces or clumsy menus. Paperform’s as easy to use as a document—and 10x more fun. Endless possibilities Solutions that empower you to get back to life. Forms & Surveys Flexible online forms that are easy to create and even easier to fill out. Capture leads, accept payments, share surveys — and so much more. Replaces: Google Forms, Typeform, Jotform Scheduling and Booking Management Automate your schedule with Paperform. Simply add your availability, connect your calendar and let people find the perfect time. Focus on your meetings, not on planning them. Replaces: Calendly, Doodle, TidyCal Papersign Simplify document signing with our eSignature product Papersign, so you can spend less time in email chains and more time on the important stuff. Replaces: DocuSign, HelloSign, Acrobat Sign Payments Start selling online in minutes. Services. Subscriptions. Physical goods. Whatever you want. Paperform makes it easy to get a custom storefront up-and-running in minutes. I﻿ntegrate: Stripe, Square, Paypal A better way to work with native AI AI form creation - spin up complex forms in seconds AI Insights - view submission results and ask AI to make sense of it all in design-savvy reports AI Calculations - more than just advanced logic, ask AI to build you Excel-style functions to do things that no other form builder can Agency+ new product Client-ready forms. Agency-level control Give clients what they need, keep control of what they don’t. Set up client portals, manage access, and duplicate templates in just a few clicks. Plug and play Enjoy more free time and less busywork with thousands of automations. Bring all your tools under one roof. Explore Integrations → Dedicated support, all the time. Paperform has a team of support experts waiting to assist you. And with an average response time of 60 seconds, help is only ever a moment away. Meet our Customer Success team Your digital Swiss Army Knife. Paperform does everything short of open bottles. 155,632,995 submissions 987,060 forms 304M USD in Stripe Connect payments processed Discover the power of Paperform for yourself. Start for free We're in good form... just ask our customers “ The most significant benefit of using Paperform has been the possibility to innovate quickly, creating new pages and types of content without the need to include a tech team or develop a whole set of tools and options. We have been able to create a bunch of new products and showcase new ideas thanks to Paperform. This includes a whole interview that was conducted and published from start-to-finish using Paperform. ” Garbiñe Hoyo Martínez ReasonWhy “ Paperform seamlessly matches the look and feel of my existing landing pages. With every other form builder I’ve tried, you can tell that the form has just been embedded onto the website. With Paperform, however, my forms look like they’re part of the website; they just blend into the page and represent my brand perfectly. ” Kassy Pajarillo kassypajarillo.com “ Ecommerce conversion rates tend to average around 2% on mobile devices... Our campaign managed to overcome this, as we reached a staggering 10% conversion rate on our Paperform store. This was largely due to Paperform’s extensive theming options, which allowed us to create a beautiful and professional-looking store that not only instilled trust in those who landed on it, but also helped translate Blütenträume’s physical brand into its online one. ” Dennis Karle Blütenträume “ My clients have to collect a lot of information from our forms based on the customer’s requests, questions and to allow images to be uploaded. Their previous forms had long interfaces, so they had high abandonment rates…After switching to Paperform there have been no customer hiccups or mistakes; we've maintained a 100% form completion rate. ” Chris Andrade CJ Andrade Web Design “ Guided Mode allows our customers to only see one question at a time, making our forms more approachable and interactive. We AB tested our Paperform with our old form and found that our conversion rate increased by a staggering 91%. ” Amadeusz Bathelt Dealavo Transform your business Paperform's solutions will mean you have more time to focus on the things that matter. Start free No credit card needed. Try any plan for 7 days, continue on free plan or uprade. Trusted By Thousands of Organizations Across the Globe. Product Features Pricing Integrations Papersign Paperform Agency+ Form Fields & Widgets Form Types & Solutions Form Templates Free PDF Templates Free Tools Dubble － Create free step-by-step guides fast Stepper - Free AI workflow automation software Resources Help Center Case Studies Blog API Status Page Trust & Security Center Your Privacy Choices GDPR Google Forms Guide Use Cases E-commerce Data Collection Invoicing Event Management Real Estate Gym Management Customer Service Healthcare Human Resources Marketing Automation Product Management Small Business Education UX Research Finance & Accounting Law Practice Management Surveys Lead Forms Helpful Comparisons Form Builder Comparison Typeform Alternative Jotform Alternative SurveyMonkey Alternative Formstack Alternative Google Forms Alternative E-Signature Comparisons FormStack Sign Alternative DocuSign Alternative PandaDoc Alternative Jotform Sign Alternative Company About Contact Us Jobs Merch Store Press Kit Terms & Conditions of Use · Website Terms of Use · Privacy Policy · © Paperform 2025