AI Academic Writing Tool - Comprehensive AI Research Assistant | Paperpal All Solutions Caret Down Support Caret Down Features Chevron down Solutions for Chevron down Pricing Resources Chevron down Apps Chevron down Login Get Started Menu AI that brings out the best in you , From first idea to final draft Read smarter, write better, edit faster, and submit confidently with our secure all-in-one AI academic writing tool! Start Writing - It's Free Sign up with Google Research and Cite Research, Write, Cite Without Interruptions Get science-backed answers to your questions from 250M+ research articles and cite them in 10,000+ styles. Search Now - It's Free Sign up with Google Paperpal Plagiarism Checker Free Plagiarism Checker for Students & Academics Avoid accidental plagiarism in your academic text with Paperpal’s accurate online plagiarism checker. Get Free Report Sign up with Google Loved by 3M+ academics across 125+ countries Perfected 10B+ words of academic text Built on 23+ years of STM experience Trusted by 1,500+ journals worldwide Everything Academics Need | All in One Place Research better, write and edit faster, and check for plagiarism on a single platform. Language AI Writing Research & Cite Chat PDF Plagiarism Checks Rewrite Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Start Writing - It's Free Students and Researchers Also Love These Powerful AI Features Academic Translation Get context-appropriate translation across 50+ languages, which accurately retains the original meaning. Real-Time Collaboration Share your Paperpal documents to co-write, review, and refine academic text faster. Consistency Checks Fix stylistic inconsistencies across your tables, figures, word forms, equation labels, spellings and more in a click! Pre-submission Checks Comprehensive submission readiness report with 30+ language and technical checks to avoid desk rejection. AI Review Review actionable feedback about your writing and improve your draft before submission. In-text Citations Save relevant papers to your library and cite in APA, MLA, IEEE, and 10,000+ styles. Start Writing - It's Free The Only AI Academic Writing Tool You Need to Succeed Start Writing - It's Free Access Paperpal on Your Favorite Platforms Unlock your best writing with our powerful app and browser extensions. 200K+ Downloads 3M+ Users Install Now - It's Free! MS Word Google Docs Chrome Overleaf 200K+ Downloads 3M+ Users Academics Across 125+ Countries ❤️Paperpal "I can't recommend Paperpal enough for teachers. My students can now refine writing and grammar without losing their unique style and I can give efficient feedback so they learn faster. Paperpal has saved time and elevated my classroom assignments." Dimitrios Gkaveras Professor, Leonteios Nea Smyrni, Greece “My article was not that good. After putting it through Paperpal, now the article has been accepted for publication. " Cristiane Titto Professor, Université Paris Cité, Sorbonne, Paris "Paperpal has revolutionized my writing! It takes my ideas and adds in its magic and makes it so much better. I can't consider working on my writing without the help of Paperpal. " Jenny Dee Teacher, University of Technology, Sydney "I write about 5-8 emails per day for the US team. I love how Paperpal makes sentences sound personal, yet academic, unlike ChatGPT, which makes sentences very hard and formal." Cristina Martin Digital Analyst, e-commerce, Molson Coors, Romania "As a researcher and professor, I like Paperpal for its editing quality and comprehensive features for writing and submitting journal manuscripts. I recommend it to my undergraduate and graduate students." Ricardo Cobucci Professor, Potiguar University, Brazil "Paperpal has saved me from grammar mistakes and possible bad grades as a student. It doesn’t make mistakes like Grammarly and has always perfectly edited every essay. I highly recommend Paperpal, it has helped me immensely through high school and college." Talia Kim Student, USA "Ever since I’ve been using Paperpal I haven’t received one mark against my grammar. I went from getting B’s on my papers to A’s. Now instead of dreading writing papers, I look forward to it because of Paperpal. " Angela Jones Student, Southern New Hampshire University, USA " Paperpal doesn't just edit my writing; it boosts my confidence. With Paperpal, I feel assured that my arguments are well-structured, my language is clear and concise, and my paper meets the high standards of academic publishing." Darryl Sutphin Graduate Student, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA "Paperpal has increased my productivity and made it easier to finalize ideas and projects. Paperpal also corrects my non-native English to sound professional and academic. I highly recommend it to everyone from students to experienced researchers." Ivan Šitum PhD Student, Univesity Hospital Center Zagreb, Croatia " Paperpal helped me cut down several hours in finding, reading, and verifying research articles. This freed-up time is now better allocated to essential tasks like securing more work and contracts." James Lembeck Senior Researcher, Colorado Therapeutic Enterprises, USA " With Paperpal, I can think and write confidently without any reservations knowing that it will articulate my ideas clearly. Paperpal is invaluable for researchers looking to enhance their writing skills and communicate more effectively." Soha Elzalabany Mid-career Researcher, American University in Cairo, Egypt "As a researcher, proofreading with Paperpal's language suggestions comes in handy in ensuring timely delivery of manuscripts and stress-free collaboration with international partners." Wilson Gbedema PhD Student, Knust, Ghana "I have tried a lot of AIs and by far Paperpal has given me what I prefer— high-quality academic writing. It makes fact-checking easy and offers the right writing and editing support needed in the academic domain." Jaclyn Azuela Professor, University of the Immaculate Conception, Philippines "I was amazed at how Paperpal helped me develop a new research proposal. The Research and Cite features dramatically reduced the time spent on literature search and the detailed editing mode fine-tuned my draft for submission." Dr. Greg Carey Former Lecturer, Finders University, Australia "I started using Paperpal for my final year project write up and literature review. It provides academic language changes that no other assistive technology I have used has been able to provide. I would recommend Paperpal to anyone writing essays or papers in an academic setting." Jessica Campbell Pharmacy Student, Queens University Belfast, United Kingdom "I can't recommend Paperpal enough for teachers. My students can now refine writing and grammar without losing their unique style and I can give efficient feedback so they learn faster. Paperpal has saved time and elevated my classroom assignments." Dimitrios Gkaveras Professor, Leonteios Nea Smyrni, Greece “My article was not that good. After putting it through Paperpal, now the article has been accepted for publication. " Cristiane Titto Professor, Université Paris Cité, Sorbonne, Paris "Paperpal has revolutionized my writing! It takes my ideas and adds in its magic and makes it so much better. I can't consider working on my writing without the help of Paperpal. " Jenny Dee Teacher, University of Technology, Sydney "I write about 5-8 emails per day for the US team. I love how Paperpal makes sentences sound personal, yet academic, unlike ChatGPT, which makes sentences very hard and formal." Cristina Martin Digital Analyst, e-commerce, Molson Coors, Romania "As a researcher and professor, I like Paperpal for its editing quality and comprehensive features for writing and submitting journal manuscripts. I recommend it to my undergraduate and graduate students." Ricardo Cobucci Professor, Potiguar University, Brazil "Paperpal has saved me from grammar mistakes and possible bad grades as a student. It doesn’t make mistakes like Grammarly and has always perfectly edited every essay. I highly recommend Paperpal, it has helped me immensely through high school and college." Talia Kim Student, USA "Ever since I’ve been using Paperpal I haven’t received one mark against my grammar. I went from getting B’s on my papers to A’s. Now instead of dreading writing papers, I look forward to it because of Paperpal. " Angela Jones Student, Southern New Hampshire University, USA " Paperpal doesn't just edit my writing; it boosts my confidence. With Paperpal, I feel assured that my arguments are well-structured, my language is clear and concise, and my paper meets the high standards of academic publishing." Darryl Sutphin Graduate Student, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA "Paperpal has increased my productivity and made it easier to finalize ideas and projects. Paperpal also corrects my non-native English to sound professional and academic. I highly recommend it to everyone from students to experienced researchers." Ivan Šitum PhD Student, Univesity Hospital Center Zagreb, Croatia " Paperpal helped me cut down several hours in finding, reading, and verifying research articles. This freed-up time is now better allocated to essential tasks like securing more work and contracts." James Lembeck Senior Researcher, Colorado Therapeutic Enterprises, USA " With Paperpal, I can think and write confidently without any reservations knowing that it will articulate my ideas clearly. Paperpal is invaluable for researchers looking to enhance their writing skills and communicate more effectively." Soha Elzalabany Mid-career Researcher, American University in Cairo, Egypt "As a researcher, proofreading with Paperpal's language suggestions comes in handy in ensuring timely delivery of manuscripts and stress-free collaboration with international partners." Wilson Gbedema PhD Student, Knust, Ghana "I have tried a lot of AIs and by far Paperpal has given me what I prefer— high-quality academic writing. It makes fact-checking easy and offers the right writing and editing support needed in the academic domain." Jaclyn Azuela Professor, University of the Immaculate Conception, Philippines "I was amazed at how Paperpal helped me develop a new research proposal. The Research and Cite features dramatically reduced the time spent on literature search and the detailed editing mode fine-tuned my draft for submission." Dr. Greg Carey Former Lecturer, Finders University, Australia "I started using Paperpal for my final year project write up and literature review. It provides academic language changes that no other assistive technology I have used has been able to provide. I would recommend Paperpal to anyone writing essays or papers in an academic setting." Jessica Campbell Pharmacy Student, Queens University Belfast, United Kingdom Try Paperpal Now Frequently Asked Questions Is my data used for training Paperpal’s AI? No, your data is never used to train our AI models. Additionally, you have full control over the data you process using Paperpal. Your data used for Paperpal Generative AI features and language checks, do not leave the Paperpal servers. For more details, review our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy data security policies . How does Paperpal work? Can I use Paperpal for free? What all can Paperpal be used for? What is the price for Paperpal paid subscriptions? Does Paperpal support languages other than English? How to use Paperpal in MS Word? Can Paperpal integrate with tools like Overleaf or Google Docs, and how do I set it up? Who can use Paperpal? Does Paperpal support collaborative editing with co-authors or team members? How secure is my manuscript and does Paperpal use my data? What AI models are used in Paperpal? Will my Paperpal edited document be flagged as plagiarised? Will my Paperpal edited document be flagged by AI detectors? Will I retain copyright over my Paperpal edited document? Take the First Step Toward Academic Writing Excellence with Paperpal Start Writing - It's Free Get Paperpal Paperpal for MS Word Paperpal for Google Docs Paperpal for Chrome Paperpal for Overleaf Paperpal on Web Features Grammar Checker Paraphraser Plagiarism Checker AI Detector Generative AI (Copilot) Submission Readiness Checker AI Writing Assistant AI Translator AI Essay Writer AI Reference Finder AI Summarizer Chat PDF AI Proofreader Citation Generator APA Citation Generator MLA Citation Generator Harvard Citation Generator Learn More Pricing Affiliate Program NEW Data Security Refer and Earn Trust Center Paperpal Blog FAQs Sitemap Contact Us Regional Websites Paperpal for China Paperpal for Korea Paperpal for Japan Solutions For Researchers For Students For Universities For Publishers Paperpal Preflight Compare Paperpal Paperpal vs ChatGPT Paperpal vs Grammarly Paperpal vs Wordtune Paperpal vs QuillBot Paperpal vs Jenni Paperpal Whitepaper NEW Connect with us Your Documents are always Safe ISO/IEC 27001:2022 CERTIFIED Shape the future We are always looking for inspiration, feedback, and ideas. With your help we can make Paperpal even more amazing together! Speak to us 4.4.6 Cactus Communications Services Pte Ltd 
20 McCallum Street, #19-01, Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Copyright 2025 Cactus Communications. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms of Use Careers