New year, next-level productivity. Save 35% on Parallels Desktop 26!

Buy now

Products 
 
Solutions 
 
Partners 
 
Resources 
 
Support
Sign in
Run Windows on Mac
Parallels Desktop for Mac

Run Windows on any Mac—Intel or Apple silicon—and experience seamless integration between operating systems.
Learn more

Buy now Try free
Find the Parallels solution for you - Parallels RAS and more
Parallels RAS

Simplify virtual app and desktop management with Parallels Remote Application Server.

Parallels Secure Workspace

Enables zero trust secure remote access to apps, desktops, and files from the browser.

Parallels DaaS

Seamless application and desktop streaming from the cloud, anytime, anywhere.

Parallels Browser Isolation

A secure way to access web applications, including Software as a Service (SaaS) and other cloud-based applications.

View all Parallels Workspace Solutions
Trusted by over 7 million Mac users worldwide
FEATURED REVIEW

Parallels Desktop earned the
2024 Top Rated award

5/5
Parallels Desktop is the best choice for running multiple OSs on my Mac

I use Parallels Desktop to access Windows on my Mac. There are e-Learning and local government design applications that require the exclusive use of the Windows OS, and this has helped me to not need to have two computers but work on one machine with access to both operating systems. Additionally, on occasion some of my colleagues require support with their computers, and I can replicate the problems they have on the operating systems they are running in a user-friendly and very fast way.

Eduardo Ponce de León
5/5

Best application of virtual machines for MacOS.

5/5

Parallels Desktop solve numerous issues for MAC users.

5/5

If you need to run Windows Apps and are a Mac user, buy Parallels. It’s the best decision you can make.

View all reviews
Become a partner

We are committed to empowering our channel partners to accelerate business growth and address the needs of customers with innovative and flexible solutions.

Learn more

© 2025 Parallels International GmbH.
All rights reserved.

Products
Parallels RAS (Remote Application Server)
Parallels Secure Workspace
Parallels Desktop for Mac Business Edition
Parallels Desktop for Mac Enterprise Edition
Parallels Desktop for Mac Pro Edition
Parallels Desktop for Mac
Parallels DaaS
Parallels Browser Isolation
Business & programs
Enterprise
Small Business
Students and Educators
Quick links
Blog
VDI Blog
Partners
Support
Contact
Sitemap
App Store
News
Sustainability
Leadership
Careers
Legal
Privacy
Cookies
Terms of use
Legal
Do not sell/share my information
Manage my cookies
Imprint
English