Paramount Pictures | Paramount Pictures Skip to main content Main navigation Home Featured Watch at home Book a tour Movies Television Animation Animation Animation Careers The Studios at Paramount The Studios at Paramount Studio Tours Special Events Our Story Careers Careers Culture Redeem Code Become an insider Sign up for the Paramount Insider newsletter and be among the first to get exclusive content, updates, offers, giveaways, sweepstakes opportunities, and more – directly from the studio to your inbox! Email Address Birthday By submitting my email, I agree to receive the Paramount Insider newsletter, as well as marketing communications, exclusive content, special offers (including partner offers), and other information from Paramount Pictures and the Paramount family of companies. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time. By clicking SUBMIT, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy . paramount theme override Search Paramount Pictures Now Playing Header More Information Featured The Spongebob Movie: Search For Squarepants Now Playing Get Tickets Primate Jan 9th, 2026 Get Tickets Scream 7 Feb 27th, 2026 Get Tickets Billie Eilish - Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour (Live in 3D) March 20, 2026 Get Tickets Paw Patrol 3: The Dino Movie Aug 14, 2026 More Information The Legend of Aang: The Last Airbender Oct 9, 2026 More Information Regretting You Now on Digital More Information The Running Man Now on Digital More Information Did You Know The line, "My name is Forrest Gump. People call me Forrest Gump," was ad-libbed by Tom Hanks while filming the scene, and director Robert Zemeckis liked it so much that he decided to keep it in. prev next Watch at home See Full Library Titanic The Godfather Forrest Gump Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark Top Gun: Maverick Now Streaming on Paramount Plus Star Trek (2009) Wayne's World Mean Girls Sunset Boulevard Transformers Become an insider Content Sign up for the Paramount Insider newsletter and be among the first to get exclusive content, updates, offers, giveaways, sweepstakes opportunities, and more – directly from the studio to your inbox! Email Address Birthday Disclaimer By submitting my email, I agree to receive the Paramount Insider newsletter, as well as marketing communications, exclusive content, special offers (including partner offers), and other information from Paramount Pictures and the Paramount family of companies. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time. By clicking SUBMIT, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. Thank you for signing up! You should receive a confirmation email shortly. Paramount Studios Learn More During our 100-year history, Paramount Pictures Studios has served as the production site for thousands of notable movies and TV shows.

Our studio lot has grown considerably over the years, expanding to 65 acres and thirty stages, including our one-of-a-kind New York Stret. backlot  When you visit our lot, not only will you see where some of the most celebrated movies and television series were made, but also see how we continue to produce iconic motion pictures for the next century. Book a Studio Tour Since 1926, Hollywood’s biggest stars have passed daily through the Paramount’s iconic entrance, the Bronson Gate. Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices California Notice Paramount Skydance Corporation Become an Insider © 2025 Paramount Pictures