Discover - Paradox Interactive Skip to content Our games Current Page: Discover Our brands All games On Sale Merch Join Our Playtests Paradox Arc SHOP SALE SHOP SALE Featured Games available now! Between the Old World and the New Reverse the fortunes of the waning Spanish and Portuguese Empires in Iberian Twilight, an immersion pack for Victoria 3. Available Now! The tides of war rise in the Pacific Seize a greater depth of control over factions, forge new military doctrines and steer a different course for the fate of the Pacific and beyond. Available Now! Thrive When Others Burn Forge your destiny in the Stellaris: Infernals Species Pack. Adapted to relentless heat and volatile landscapes, you wield the power of extreme environments to reshape the galaxy. Available Now! See the red planet like never before Your mission: colonize Mars and survive the process, from exploration and infrastructure to welcoming human colonists and achieving long-term stability. Available Now! Claim the Mandate of Heaven The world of Crusader Kings III is expanding. In All Under Heaven – the game’s fourth Major Expansion – the map extends to Asia to include the rich and storied lands of China, Japan, and Southeast Asia. Available Now! Skyscrapers & Supply Chains Bundle From bustling factories to gleaming skyline-defining landmarks. In this bundle, industry meets innovation and architecture reaches new heights. Don't miss out Great Deals On Your Favorite Games Check out what's currently on sale and discover your new favorite Paradox game at a discount. New deals every week! Shop Sale Now Latest Releases explore all our games See the Red Planet like never before The award-winning sci-fi city builder is back - remastered, expanded, and more stunning than ever. Your mission: colonize Mars and survive the process, from exploration and infrastructure to welcoming human colonists and achieving long-term stability. There are new challenges to overcome, new strategies to plan, and now with an upgraded look and feel for a new generation of explorers. learn more If You Can Dream It, You Can Build It Create and manage your own city without restrictions. Offering a deep simulation and a living economy, Cities: Skylines II will challenge your decision-making skills and allow you to build the cities of your dreams. learn more Our Brands View all our games You Are The Monster Hunt your way through a modern-night Seattle on the brink of an open supernatural war in Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 , where visceral vampire action meets a noir murder mystery. Navigate the vampire Court of Seattle and its dark underbelly in this action RPG, realized by the BAFTA award-winning studio The Chinese Room. Learn More Legends of Crusader Kings III Five Rulers, Five Stories Legends of Crusader Kings III is a narrative-driven initiative designed to introduce new players to the many ways they can play Crusader Kings III. Discover five legendary rulers, live their legends, or forge your own. Meet the legends Our Community Wikis Explore our official Wiki network! Forum Read news, share stories, and get answers! Mods Explore user-generated content! Paradox Classics explore all our games Finding the Paradox games of tomorrow Small studios that create games which capture the Paradox DNA. Our mission is to find them, and share them with you, the most engaged players in the world. explore all titles Play anywhere. Challenge your friends. Discuss your favorite games. Join us Sign in Connect and Play Paradox Launcher V.2 is here! Link your Paradox and Steam accounts together to get access to select games directly through Paradox. Available for Windows and Linux. Download Now Help us shape our future games! Join our playtests Our Games With over 100 titles stretching back almost 25 years, the Paradox catalog can take you through history, fantasy, strategy, and beyond. From Stellaris to Crusader Kings, find the game that tells your favorite stories! Explore all our games Paradox Logotype Our games Discover Our brands All games On Sale Merch Join Our Playtests Paradox Arc Our company The Paradox formula Our studios Our business Corporate Governance Investors Latest events Ownership structure Dividend policy Financial reports & Other Regulatory information Prospectuses Calendar First North Certified Advisor Media Press releases Image bank Career Job Openings Contact Review codes and Product PR Support Corporate Media Investors Certified Advisor Pitch your game to Paradox Licensing Request Form Education © 2025 Paradox Interactive AB. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Privacy Policy | User Agreement