Secure & Reliable End-To-End Credentials Support | Parchment Skip to main content Skip to login Skip to order status Order & Status Order Transcript Order for Someone Else Check Order Status How it Works Support Platform K-12 Records Management Centralize, digitize, and securely send student and alumni credentials, from transcripts to verifications. Parchment Award K-12 District Transfer Cumulative Folders Document Management Records Digitization Diploma Services Enrollment & Lottery Digitally manage K-12 student enrollment, intra-district transfers, and lotteries with secure automation. K-12 Enroll K-12 Lottery Pre-K Enroll SENDedu Help students complete their applications faster with SENDedu powered by Parchment Higher Education Issuing Streamline issuing with a single platform for every credential you need, from diplomas to digital badges. Transcript Services Diploma Services Digital Badges Certificate Services CLR Services Verification Services Closed School Records Services Records Digitization Admissions & Enrollment Expand your recruiting pool and admit best-fit students faster. Recruit Receive Data Automation Student Mobility Create new pathways to completion and solve transfer and dual enrollment challenges. Dual Enrollment Course Sharing Transfer Articulation Receive Data Automation Government Statewide Initiatives Create consistent ways to exchange credentials across every school in your state. Transcript Services Diploma Services Digital Badge Services Receive High School Equivalency Streamline the process of issuing, ordering, and sharing of GED®, HiSET®, and HSED credentials. GED® Credentialing Services HiSET® Credential Services Alternate Pathways Credentialing Services Licensure Save time processing credentials with simple, automated digital workflows. Receive Certificate Services Digital Badge Services Student Mobility Create new pathways to completion and solve transfer and dual enrollment challenges. Course Sharing Transfer Articulation Dual Enrollment Receive Data Automation Workforce Solutions Securely exchange credentials with the largest network of academic and professional organizations. Verification Services Receive Digital Badge Services Certificate Services Industries Create, send, and verify any credential with ease, whether you are upskilling or certifying employees. Professional Certification & Training Providers Professional Associations Corporate Training Power of the Network International Issuing Streamline issuing with a single platform for every credential you need, from diplomas to digital badges. Digitary Services Badges Orders Admissions & Enrollment Simplify your institution’s document intake process, eliminate paperwork, and streamline communication with your applicants. Receiving Verifications Streamline and enhance your evaluation procedures, attracting top global talent effortlessly. Verified International Applicants Pricing Compare Plans Get a Quote Resources All Resources All Resources New to Parchment: Learn All About Scribbles Software Records Management and Enrollment Solutions Events & Webinars Events & Webinars CACRAO (NC&SC) Podcast Podcast How to Think About Credential Innovation Training College & Career Resources Company About Us Leadership Advisory Board Partners Careers Press Book a Demo Login US AU CA IE 日本語 NZ SEA UK Menu Turn every credential into an opportunity Order Now Sign In to Check Status Looking to verify graduation or enrollment? One partner for lifelong learning At Parchment, our mission is to turn credentials into opportunities. Parchment helps learners, academic institutions, and employers request, verify, and receive transcripts, diplomas, and other credentials through a comprehensive platform. K-12 Higher-Ed Government Workforce International K-12 Students have many pathways. Schools need to support them no matter where they are going. Parchment makes it simple. From one platform, administrators can securely send and receive student credentials like transcripts, transfer records, and college application documents in a few clicks. Learn More District Transfer Securely centralize, manage, and track requests for student transfer documents without the hassle. With Parchment District Transfer, you can ensure learner records don’t fall into the wrong hands. Learn More Records Digitization Stop stressing about the safety of your paper records. Parchment Records Digitization is a comprehensive record scanning and indexing service that transforms your legacy student records into indexed digital files. Learn More Issuing Students earn many credentials on the way to their degree. Support them with the most modern credentialing platform that helps you issue transcripts, diplomas, digital badges, certificates, CLRs, and other credentials, all from one place. Learn More Enrollment Find the best fit students and then enroll with ease with Parchment. Expand your recruiting pool and automate your incoming transcript processes to admit more students faster with Parchment’s secure, digital platform. Learn More Student Mobility The student pathway is changing. Create new avenues to degree completion. Parchment helps higher education systems, consortia, and institutions expand academic opportunity, solve transfer challenges, and drive efficiency in their enrollment and student success workflows. Learn More State Agencies Support student pathways across every high school and higher education institution in your state. With a single, trusted platform, admins and learners benefit from a single place to seamlessly exchange digital credentials. Learn More High School Equivalency Open new doors for learners who have completed their high school equivalency exam. In partnership with HiSET® and GED®, Parchment makes it easier for students to request and send their high school equivalency credentials. Learn More Licensure It’s hard to keep up with transcripts that arrive over email or mail. Receive all your official documentation in one easy-to-use, secure inbox. With Parchment, you can also issue certifications and digital badges quickly through a single platform. Learn More Solutions Whether you’re looking to accelerate your business, upskill your workforce, recognize achievement, or increase the visibility of your programs, Parchment helps you issue digital industry certifications, badges, and certificates on the most comprehensive platform in the world. Learn More Industries Are you a professional association, business, training provider, certification provider, or talent organization? We have a solution for you. Securely issue and receive verified credentials, such as digital badges, certificates, and certifications in one easy-to-use, online place. Learn More Employers Drive employee engagement and motivate top talent with digital badges for professional development. Discover automated compliance reporting and meaningful insights that allow you to make data-based decisions immediately. Learn More Launch a national network We help our partners create unified communities for credential exchange within their countries or regions. With national projects already launched in EMEA, APAC, and North America, Parchment knows how to deliver large, multi-site, national projects at scale, on time, and on budget. Learn More Issue globally recognized credentials Issue, verify, and receive digital credentials, such as transcripts, digital badges, and certifications with the most trusted credential management platform in the world. With Parchment Digitary, learners have a single place where they can instantly access and share all of their digital academic documents. Learn More Join the largest credential network in the world Support student mobility by joining the world’s largest credential network. With 6 countries already using Parchment Digitary, we continue to help universities and academic organisations empower their students across the globe. Learn More 165M+ credentials & 2M+ GED® & HiSET® records exchanged and counting across… 5.8K+ K-12 School Districts 6.1K+ Higher Education Institutions 7.3K+ Receivers 6 Countries 23 GED® &  HiSET® Jurisdictions 10 State Initiatives When you join Parchment, you become a member of the largest interconnected network of learners, schools, institutions, state agencies, and employers in the world. Discover the Power of the Network Why Parchment Credentials for the modern world. Exchanging credentials with Parchment opens doors Our mission is to turn credentials into opportunities by supporting learners at any age or stage in their journey. Our digital-first credentials are shareable, efficient, and secure – providing modern support for the modern learner through every lesson or experience. Join the largest credential exchange in the world When it comes to exchanging credentials quickly and securely, bigger really is better. Parchment is the only all-in-one credentialing platform, empowering users to issue, collect, and process credentials across 4 major regions worldwide. Keep student information private and secure The privacy and security of student information comes first. Parchment’s global security protocols and standards are second to none, allowing users to exchange and verify credentials with confidence. 99% decrease in response time Forsyth County Schools was looking for an online product that enabled them to connect with their student information system and allow multiple schools to assist with the processing of transcripts. Parchment was the answer they were looking for. Read More $0 cost to the institution solution Towson was looking for a modern student credentialing experience that wouldn’t break the bank. Parchment’s all-in-one platform for transcripts and diplomas has helped Towson eliminate manual processes, offer an online storefront, and even made it possible for their it transcripts to cover the cost of their diplomas. Read More From 20 days to same-day processing The University of Texas at Arlington wanted to move inbound transcript and document processing online. Parchment significantly decreased document processing time, which led to faster application processing and a better student and applicant experience. Read More Case Studies A better student experience doesn’t require a bigger budget. What members are saying… “We are preserving our data in a way that we can manipulate it by being able to index it, so it’s searchable. But most important of all is that we are servicing our customers the way they are accustomed to doing things – online.” Betsy Allen Office Manager, Helena High School “Parchment gives us some breathing room and makes everything more manageable. Instead of students filling out paperwork, we just send them online. That cuts out phone calls and office visits, which frees up time and money in my department.” Erika Bockmann Assistant Director of Admissions, Walla Walla Community College “As we looked at the cost of fulfilling credentials through our previous vendor, the Parchment cost model just looked better for us. And that always means savings for our students.” Kara Monroe Provost and SVP for Student and Academic Success, Ivy Tech Community College “How great is it for people to be able to post their diploma on Facebook, Twitter, and all their social media accounts? You can’t pay for that marketing.” Michelle Rable University Registrar, Bowling Green State University “Students and families have seen more streamlined, easy-to-use service through Parchment. Parchment makes the document request process easy for all.” Michael Garcia, Ed.D. Director of Opportunity and Achievement, Mesa Public Schools “Parchment is a great tool with great benefits. I wish we had done this a long time ago. The big thing in our office is the elimination of file cabinets. We no longer have applicant files. Everything is online. Information is at our fingertips.” Brad Hostetler Director of Admissions Operations and Technology, Ball State University “Parchment is unique with regard to support and continuity. When we started working with them, we shared our goals, both short- and long-term and they really took that seriously. They became an active partner and collaborator, helping us achieve those goals. It was almost as if they were less of a vendor and more of an internal partner.” Bhavesh Bambrholia University Registrar, Temple University What will you do with the power of Parchment? Order Get a Demo Order Check Status Book a Demo Students How it Works Order & Status College & Career Resources Login US Student / Parent Login Non-US Student Login Admins Admin / Third Party Login Platform Power of the Network International K-12 Records Management SENDedu Higher Education Issuing Admissions & Enrollment Student Mobility Government Statewide Initiatives High School Equivalency Licensure Student Mobility Workforce Solutions Industries Products K-12 Records Management Parchment Award K-12 Diploma Services Records Digitization District Transfers Higher Education Transcript Services Diploma Services Digital Badges Certificate Services CLR Services Verification Services Closed School Records Services Records Digitization Recruit Dual Enrollment Course Sharing Transfer Articulation Receive Data Automation Statewide Initiatives Transcript Services Diploma Services Digital Badges Services Receive High School Equivalency GED® Credentialing Services HiSET® Credential Services Alternate Pathways Licensure Receive Certficate Services Digital Badge Services Workforce Verification Services Receive Digital Badges Certificate Services Company About Us Leadership Partners Careers Press Trust & Security Pricing Get a Quote Resources All Resources Events & Webinars Training Order Check Status Book a Demo Support: Help Center Your Privacy Choices | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | © 2025 Parchment by Instructure Order & Status Platform Pricing Resources Company Book a Demo Login US AU CA IE 日本語 NZ SEA UK Order & Status Order Transcript Order for Someone Else Check Order Status How it Works Support Book a Demo. Order & Status Platform K-12 Records Management Enrollment & Lottery SENDedu Higher Education Issuing Admissions & Enrollment Student Mobility Government Statewide Initiatives High School Equivalency Licensure Student Mobility Workforce Solutions Industries Power of the Network International Issuing Admissions & Enrollment Verifications Book a Demo. Order & Status Pricing Compare Plans Get a Quote Book a Demo. Order & Status Resources All Resources Events & Webinars Podcast Training College & Career Resources Book a Demo. Order & Status Company About Us Leadership Advisory Board Partners Careers Press Book a Demo. Order & Status US AU CA IE 日本語 NZ SEA UK