Global Smart Package Locker Solutions | Parcel Pending Our Drop Box Lockers are now available to carriers and retailers worldwide. About Us About Quadient Parcel Pending Global United States (English) Canada (English) United Kingdom/Ireland Denmark France Germany Norway Sweden Canada (French) Australia (English) Other Choose Country The Global Leader in Smart Package Locker Solutions Making parcel deliveries and returns easy and efficient for everyone. Choose Your Country About Us Delivering More ™ With Parcel Pending By Quadient Quadient is the global leader in smart locker solutions for residential, retail, carrier, commercial, and university clients. With nearly 75 million packages delivered through Parcel Pending by Quadient package lockers annually, Quadient’s fast-growing global smart locker network delivers a safe, secure, and on-demand experience for parcel deliveries and returns. We are committed to delivering more for our clients, so you can deliver more for your customers. That’s why millions of users rely on our vertical-, location-, and carrier-agnostic package locker systems. parcel locker solutions. Our parcel locker network now encompasses nearly 18,000 locations around the world, with new package management solutions being deployed across North America, Europe, and Japan. Learn More About Us How Parcel Pending Delivers More MORE Expertise We are the leader in parcel locker systems – supporting major residential, retail, carrier, university, and commercial clients around the world. MORE Carrier Partners Our vertical-, location, and carrier-agnostic solutions are trusted and supported by all major global carriers for package delivery. MORE Locations Our fast-growing, global locker network now encompasses nearly 18,000 locations. MORE Products We offer a variety of smart parcel locker types and sizes to support our clients’ ranging needs and business requirements. MORE Convenience Our solutions, available on-demand up to 24/7, ensure secure and seamless deliveries, returns, exchanges, and item storage. MORE Satisfaction Provider of the best package management experience for your business and its customers with live, in-house client and customer support. MORE Deliveries Our solutions process nearly 75 million parcel deliveries annually from all major global carriers. Manage More Deliveries to More Places with our Open Locker Network Today’s consumers expect – and often demand – convenient options for deliveries and returns. Now, carriers and retailers are facing mounting pressure to scale to meet this demand, as well as the rising costs and environmental impact associated with these initiatives. Our fast-growing, Open Locker Network lets you streamline business operations by facilitating package delivery, collections, and returns to convenient, centralized parcel locker locations. Ready to learn MORE about joining our Open Locker Network? Choose Your Country Close Popup Choose Country United States (English) Canada (English) United Kingdom/Ireland France 0 K+ Installations Worldwide 0 M+ Packages Delivered Annually 0 M+ Users Served Deliver MORE with Parcel Pending by Quadient Smart Lockers Choose Your Country United States (English) Canada (English) United Kingdom/Ireland Denmark France Germany Norway Sweden Canada (French) Australia (English) Other Frequently Asked Questions Categories How do Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers work? Parcel Pending by Quadient’s smart locker system utilizes advanced smart locker technology to ensure a seamless and secure package delivery experience. First, the carrier or delivery agent places the package inside one of our smart package lockers. . Once the package is inside the locker and the locker door is closed, the recipient is instantly notified via their email or mobile device that their package has arrived and receives a unique access code and/or barcode to access their delivery. This code allows them to retrieve their package from the touchless lockers at their convenience. With multiple locker sizes available at each locker location, Parcel Pending smart lockers allow recipients to securely and conveniently receive and return goods. How can smart lockers benefit my business? Smart lockers are a staple solution within some of the largest industries to help organizations provide a secure storage solution for parcels as well as address complex challenges around deliveries, collections, and returns. Implementing Parcel Pending by Quadient’s smart locker technology can provide a number of benefits, including increasing operational efficiency, elevating the customer experience, and reducing environmental impact. Parcel Pending’s smart locker management software tracks all deliveries and pickups, providing you with real-time data and ensuring efficient locker usage ; our locker management softwar e can be accessed from your desktop or mobile device . Plus, our smart locker solutions are durable, and come equipped with a number of secure smart locker features such as built-in sensors and security cameras designed to protect deliveries and maximize the efficiency of your parcel management process. How can smart package lockers benefit my community? Corporate social responsibility (CSR) has become a key factor for consumer shopping decisions. As such, businesses need environmentally-friendly delivery and return options to meet consumer demands for more sustainability. Parcel Pending by Quadient smart package lockers consolidate deliveries and returns to locations accessible up to 24/7, addressing consumer demand for both convenience and sustainability. Parcel lockers can be installed in a variety of locations, ensuring these parcel storage solutions are easily accessible to the community for secure, out-of-home deliveries. Parcel Pending’s smart locker solutions come equipped with built-in security features to ensure parcels are safe from theft and damage, plus a locker management software reporting portal to ensure maximum locker usage and efficiency at each location. How do smart locker solutions increase delivery efficiency? Smart locker solutions are designed to streamline delivery and returns by offering a fully automated process. Couriers simply deposit a package , and recipients are notified in real time with secure access codes to retrieve their items at their convenience . This process improves efficiency and reduces manual handling. How secure are Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers? Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers are proven to be incredibly secure , ensuring packages are safe from theft, loss, or damage. Our smart lockers are built with several advanced security features to ensure deliveries remain safe. For example, each locker system is designed with robust locks, built-in sensors, and other advanced technology , allowing for security alert notifications through our locker management software reporting portal (accessible via desktop or mobile devices). Further, each delivery is protected with unique access codes – sent to recipients in real-time – providing a secure and seamless solution for parcel management. With a variety of locker sizes available to support various delivery sizes and types, our parcel storage solution is a reliable choice for businesses looking to improve their parcel management processes and boost overall security for their customers. Can Parcel Pending smart locker systems be customized to fit specific delivery needs? Yes, Parcel Pending smart locker systems offer flexible configurations and design options to fit various delivery requirements, including extra small or oversize deliveries. We will customize a configuration of smart lockers to meet your delivery needs,  including secure compartments in various sizes , to ensure our solution meets the specific needs of your organization while maintaining operational efficiency . What types of businesses or industries can use Parcel Pending smart lockers? Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers are trusted by a wide range of businesses and services to simplify parcel deliveries, returns, exchanges, and storage as well as improve security, and enhance the end-user experience: Residential Communities: Offer residents 24/7 secure, self-service package pickup while freeing up staff from managing deliveries. Retail Stores: Enable convenient click and collect order collection and returns with options for indoor and outdoor installations. Colleges & Universities: Streamline student package deliveries as well as support other asset exchanges for departments across campus (e.g., bookstore, library, food pantry/dining services, etc.) with centralized, contactless delivery points. Commercial & Corporate Offices: Reduce mailroom workload, secure sensitive internal deliveries, and provide staff with flexible package pickup options. And More: Our Open Locker Network is open to all carriers and services, creating local convenience hubs in strategic, high-footfall locations around the world. Select your region above to learn more. No matter your industry, our modular locker solutions are designed to fit your space, workflow, and delivery needs. MORE Than 5 Million Users Served Testimonials North America “With more than 60% of online orders picked up in our stores, [the Parcel Pending by Quadient lockers give] our customers one more option and the added convenience to control how and when they get that order.” Joe McFarland Executive Vice President of Stores, Lowe’s Home Improvement Sweden “The partnership with Quadient is completely in line with DHL’s strategy, offering greater flexibility for both customers and e-retailers. With a wide range of parcel lockers, we get closer to our customers and can in a simpler way be proactive in building up our delivery network. Quadient’s solution also meets the strong demand we have on user-friendliness and simplicity in our customer interfaces.” Jonas Lindell Managing Director, DHL e-Commerce Solutions United Kingdom “Quadient has the expertise and experience of planning parcel locker installations. Working with Quadient, I can provide the best service to my clients by recommending parcel management solutions that will add real value to their buildings.” Joanna Shear Founder and Managing Director, Space Consultancy France “The project [to install Parcel Pending by Quadient lockers] offers a swift, innovative, and customized service that also saves our teams from having to deal with parcels, which is often a time-consuming process – especially during peak periods.” Director of Operations Decathlon France Deliver MORE With Smart Lockers From Parcel Pending by Quadient Choose Your Country About Parcel Pending About Quadient Country Select Your Country United States (English) Canada (English) United Kingdom/Ireland Denmark France Germany Norway Sweden Canada (French) Australia (English) Other Select © 2026 Parcel Pending LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Cookie Settings Close Popup Choose Country United States (English) Canada (English) United Kingdom/Ireland Denmark France Germany Norway Sweden Canada (French) Australia (English) Other Close Popup