B2B Marketing Automation Platform | Salesforce Skip to content B2B Marketing Automation Boost revenue by aligning marketing and sales with B2B marketing automation software, built on the world’s #1 AI CRM. Make smarter decisions with unified customer data and build campaigns faster with trusted AI. Use Agentforce on the only platform that connects entire revenue teams across sales, marketing, and service. Watch demo Drive efficient growth with B2B marketing automation on the world’s #1 AI CRM. Build personalized end-to-end campaigns with Agentforce and seamlessly share data in real time across revenue teams. Increase lead and account conversion, all while measuring marketing impact. Deliver connected customer journeys and engage buyers across accounts. Lead Generation and Nurturing Create landing pages and forms fast with AI and drag-and-drop builders. Segment leads and send them on personalized , automated , cross-channel journeys. Use AI-powered lead scoring and grading to quickly nurture those leads. Trigger automated alerts to sales when a prospect is engaged. Learn more about lead generation. Cross-Channel Journeys Engage prospects across channels. Reach customers wherever they are with SMS and WhatsApp. Send just-in-time messages that boost event attendance, drive upsells, and gather feedback via surveys. Connect engagement data like third-party webinar and surveys for easy segmentation and campaign management. Account-Based Engagement Discover and engage your best accounts. Target and nurture key prospects with the help of sales and service on one platform. Identify high-potential buyers and alert sales when key buyers interact with marketing content. Track pipeline progress with Account Based Marketing Dashboards and refine your efforts. Align revenue teams and close deals faster with Agentforce. Campaign Creation Build end-to-end campaigns with natural language prompts. Agentforce helps create complete briefs, content, audience segments, and customer journeys. Generate personalized email copy, subject lines, forms, and landing pages grounded by real-time data in Data 360 —with marketers in the loop at every step. Lead and Account Scoring Take the guesswork out of lead and account scoring. Align marketing and sales on accounts most likely to buy with AI-driven scoring and grading so sales can close deals faster. Einstein identifies leads most likely to convert based on their interactions with your marketing efforts. Content Creation Increase efficiency with Einstein-generated copy for email content, subject lines, forms, and landing pages. Reduce time spent creating copy and deliver personalized experiences at scale for your leads and accounts. With a human-in-the-loop approach, B2B marketers have full control over brand messaging and tone. Optimize marketing performance and grow customer relationships. Full-Funnel Multi-touch Attribution Gain full-funnel marketing and sales insights with AI-powered Multi-Touch Attribution. Choose from multiple native attribution models like Einstein Attribution to gauge the impact of channels, events, and sales team activities on your pipeline. Boost campaign efficacy and ROI with AI-driven insights. Engagement History Insights Get comprehensive insight into your prospects. Connect and share engagement data with sales and service teams. Analyze marketing interactions to identify buying committees. Understand how leads are engaging with your marketing on the campaign, individual, and account level using dynamic dashboards. Account-Based Marketing Dashboard Gain insights into revenue and pipeline for key accounts. Then, use those findings to see how account-based efforts are influencing targeted accounts, and optimize on what's working and what's not. Share what you discover with sales to further plan account-based outreach. Gartner® 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for B2B Marketing Automation Platforms. Discover why Gartner® positioned us as a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for B2B Marketing Automation Platforms. Get the report Find the right Marketing Cloud edition for your business needs Currency converter US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) Japanese Yen (JPY) Swedish Krona (SEK) Account Engagement+ Enhance your B2B marketing programs with access to next-gen marketing capabilities. $ 1,250 USD/Org/Month (Billed annually) $ 1,250 USD/Org/Month (Billed annually) 1,250 € EUR/Org/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 1,750 AUD/Org/Month (Billed annually) 150,000 円 JPY/Org/Month (Billed annually) 12,500 kr SEK/Org/Month (Billed annually) £ 1,000 GBP/Org/Month (Billed annually) Includes Marketing Cloud Growth or Advanced Agentforce Campaign Creation Lead Nurturing and Scoring B2B Marketing Analytics View detailed pricing Marketing Cloud Growth Edition Grow your business with agentic marketing automation on the world's #1 CRM. $ 1,500 USD/Org/Month (Billed annually) $ 1,500 USD/Org/Month (Billed annually) 1,500 € EUR/Org/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 2,100 AUD/Org/Month (Billed annually) 180,000 円 JPY/Org/Month (Billed annually) 15,000 kr SEK/Org/Month (Billed annually) £ 1,200 GBP/Org/Month (Billed annually) Agentforce Campaign Creation Multi-Channel Journeys Forms and Landing Pages View detailed pricing Marketing Cloud Advanced Edition Grow customer relationships and close deals faster with agentic marketing. $ 3,250 USD/Org/Month (Billed annually) $ 3,250 USD/Org/Month (Billed annually) 3,250 € EUR/Org/Month (Billed annually) AU$ 4,550 AUD/Org/Month (Billed annually) 390,000 円 JPY/Org/Month (Billed annually) 32,500 kr SEK/Org/Month (Billed annually) £ 2,600 GBP/Org/Month (Billed annually) Agentforce Campaign Creation Path Experimentation Two-Way Conversations for SMS and WhatsApp View detailed pricing *All per month products require an annual contract. This page is provided for informational purposes only and is subject to change. Contact a sales representative for detailed pricing information. View all pricing Extend the power of Marketing Cloud with these capabilities. Salesforce Personalization Personalize cross-channel experiences at scale. Learn more Marketing Intelligence Optimize ad performance and spend across every channel and campaign with intelligent marketing analytics. Learn more Sales Cloud Set the foundation for revenue growth with Salesforce automation on the #1 CRM. Learn more Commerce Cloud Achieve goals faster, unlock new revenue, and drive automation with the most flexible e-commerce platform. Learn more Get the most out of your B2B marketing automation software with thousands of partner apps and experts. We’ve increased our conversion rates between marketing and sales leads, and it’s really built trust between the two teams. Megan Tsang Marketing Operations Specialist, Grammarly Read the story Stay up to date on all things marketing. Sign up for our monthly marketing newsletter to get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up now Learn new skills with free, guided learning on Trailhead. Hit the ground running with marketing tips, tricks, and best practices. Analyst Report Salesforce named a Leader in 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for B2B Marketing Automation Platforms. Read the report Report AI is marketers’ #1 priority and challenge. See why. Get the report Guide Attract prospects. Build relationships. Deliver metrics that matter. Get the guide Guide Learn how to strengthen your Account Based Marketing Strategy Get the guide See all resources Ready to take the next step? Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter Marketing Cloud Account Engagement FAQ What is Marketing Cloud Account Engagement? Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is the only marketing automation platform built on the world’s #1 CRM. It helps companies grow revenue and scale buyer engagement by uniting customer data on one platform and scaling account relationships with AI. Whether you’re looking to execute on-demand generation or account-based marketing strategies, we've got you covered. What is B2B marketing automation software? B2B marketing automation software helps automate and streamline marketing processes and multifunctional campaigns across channels. It includes functionalities to manage and nurture leads, run targeted campaigns, align with sales to close deals, and track the effectiveness of marketing efforts. What are the benefits of B2B marketing automation platforms? The benefits of B2B marketing automation platforms are: Scaling buyer engagement across accounts Aligning revenue teams (marketing, sales, and service) to close deals faster Growing pipeline and proving marketing impact How can B2B marketing automation software help my business? B2B marketing automation software can help your business in the following ways: Generating and nurturing leads Driving marketing and sales alignment Prioritizing and converting qualified leads Managing marketing campaigns Executing on account-based marketing strategies Maximizing marketing ROI How can I choose the right B2B marketing automation platform? The right B2B marketing automation platform will: Integrate directly into your CRM Align revenue teams (marketing, sales, and service) Execute on multiple marketing strategies (e.g., broad-base demand generation and account-based marketing) What is Pardot? Pardot was part of Exact Target, which was acquired by Salesforce in 2013, and is the legacy product name for Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. They are the same product. Is Salesforce Account Engagement the same as Pardot? Pardot is the legacy name for Salesforce Account Engagement and is the same product as Pardot.