CRO & Biopharmaceutical Services | Parexel Solutions Main Menu Solutions Explore end-to-end solutions throughout development — from portfolio optimization and regulatory strategy, to Phase I-IV clinical trials, market access planning, and more. See solutions WHAT WE DO Portfolio management and asset valuation Early development and innovation Integrated clinical development Approval and access Value substantiation lifecycle management HOW WE DO IT Delivery models Operational excellence Medical affairs Study start-up Overview Portfolio management and asset valuation Portfolio management and asset valuation Our team optimizes your portfolio utilizing integrated expert clinical, regulatory, and market access strategies, enabling earlier and more informed risk-reward decisions. Overview Building patient insights into assets, profile and claims Portfolio optimization Asset valuation and indication prioritization Early evidence review Quantitative Clinical Pharmacology and Model-Informed Drug Development (MIDD) Integrated development strategy and planning Early development and innovation Early development and innovation Our multi-disciplinary early phase approach accelerates the path to proof of concept by integrating diverse expertise to optimize study design, generate robust clinical evidence, and reduce gaps between development phases. Overview Phase I Clinical Trials Site Alliance Network and KOL Engagement Regulatory Strategy Real World Evidence Market Access Consulting, Strategy, and Delivery Biomarker and Genomic Medicine Strategy Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications Integrated clinical development Integrated clinical development We deliver whole-study solutions with integrated strategies that ensure safety, data integrity, and regulatory compliance. We design patient-informed protocols that remove participation barriers, accelerate enrollment, and increase the likelihood of successful drug launches. Overview Phase IIB-IV Clinical Trials Real World Evidence Quantitative Clinical Pharmacology and Model-Informed Drug Development (MIDD) Protocol-Driven, Customized Site Solution Strategy Patient Inclusion Regulatory Strategy, Submissions, Compliance, and Outsourcing Market Access Strategy and Delivery Clinical Development Technology Optimization Clinical Trial Supply & Logistics Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications Drug Safety and Pharmacovigilance Approval and access Approval and access Our team of former regulators and HTA professionals provide tailored regulatory, compliance, and market access strategies across specialized therapeutic areas, creating customized pathways to maximize global market reach throughout your product's lifecycle. Overview Global Regulatory Submissions and Outsourcing Real World Evidence Compliance and Risk Management Market Access Strategy and Delivery Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications Drug Safety and Pharmacovigilance Health economics modelling and simulation Value substantiation lifecycle management Value substantiation lifecycle management We enhance your product's value story through post-approval studies and holistic lifecycle management services that satisfy regulators and payers while building stakeholder trust and maximizing your drug's market impact throughout its entire lifecycle. Overview Real-World Evidence, Market Access Strategy and Planning Regulatory Compliance Lifecycle Optimization Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications FSP delivery models in clinical trials Overview Gain an advantage through FSP Operational excellence Operational excellence We bring together experienced cross-functional experts to implement best practices, process simplifications, and technology standardization that accelerate timelines and improve quality. Overview Leveraging AI in clinical development Medical affairs for clinical trials Clinical study start up Biotech Main Menu Biotech Get the personal, responsive, and committed approach of a small CRO, with all the benefits of a large CRO, to help you develop life-changing treatments for patients. Learn more PODCAST Clinical Trialblazers Step into the world of biotech leaders and hear the untold stories behind their journeys to bring breakthrough innovations to life. Listen Now Therapeutic Expertise Main Menu Therapeutic Expertise Utilize our expertise across therapeutic areas, combining innovative trial designs, leading clinical and regulatory expertise, global reach, and a passion for changing patient lives. See expertise THERAPEUTIC EXPERTISE Neuroscience General medicine Infectious disease and vaccines Immunology Oncology Hematology CROSS-THERAPEUTIC EXPERTISE Cell and gene therapies Pediatrics Rare diseases Overview Cell and gene therapy General medicine General medicine Our team delivers high-quality clinical trials through forward-thinking medical expertise across multiple indications by combining strategic insight with operational excellence to support programs of all sizes. Overview Gastroenterology CRO Respiratory CRO Endocrine & Metabolic CRO Cardiovascular CRO Women's health CRO Infectious disease and vaccines Infectious disease and vaccines Our infectious disease and vaccines cro services help treat and prevent life-threatening illnesses. Learn how our team of experts can aid in any complex trial. Overview Critical Care Hepatitis B Novel treatments in infectious disease Immunology Immunology Discover our inflammation and immunology CRO services. We bring agile support and a unique MOA-driven model to inflammation and immunology. Overview Ophthalmology CRO Dermatology CRO Allergy CRO Oncology Oncology Parexel is a leading Oncology CRO with more than 80 ex-agency regulators and nearly 2,500 sites globally. Learn more about our oncology indications. Overview Bladder cancer CRO Breast cancer CRO Gynecologic cancer CRO Head and neck cancer CRO Lung cancer CRO Phase I and rare tumors Prostate cancer CRO Neuroscience Neuroscience As a leading neuroscience CRO, we leverage global site relationships, specialized resources, and indication-specific expertise to accelerate breakthroughs in neurological and psychiatric treatments for patients worldwide. Overview Neurology Psychiatry Pediatrics Rare Diseases Hematology Hematology As a top hematology CRO, our integrated teams use advanced analytics and real-world evidence to optimize hematology trial outcomes, ensuring faster, more effective drug development. Overview Lymphoma CRO Acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) CRO Myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) CRO Multiple Myeloma CRO RELATED INSIGHTS Slowing down to speed up: optimizing country and site selection in atopic dermatitis trials Learn more Advancing radiopharmaceutical development: Integrated clinical trial expertise mitigates risk Learn more Insights Main Menu Insights Our experts help you stay at the forefront of the industry — and ahead of change. Learn more NEW MEDICINES, NOVEL INSIGHTS New frontiers in neuroscience Precision oncology Rare disease drug development Cell and gene therapy development Patient-guided drug development FEATURED INSIGHTS Clinical Trialblazers Podcast The Regulatory Navigator On The Pulse RECENT INSIGHTS Biopharm workforce report Optimizing the clinical research workforce: An industry analysis by Parexel Learn more Powered by people At the heart of Parexel sits the world’s most unique insight-generation engine: our people. Learn more Participate Main Menu Participate Thinking about joining a clinical trial? Learn the drug development process, what it’s like to participate, how to find a trial, and answers to frequently asked questions. Learn more INTERESTED IN PARTICIPATING? Healthy volunteers Patient volunteers Patient advocacy groups TRIAL SITES Baltimore Los Angeles London Berlin Overview Patient volunteers Patient volunteers Clinical trials provide patients with access to innovative investigational treatments that advance medical research. Participation requires careful consideration that weighs both the benefits and risks. Overview Advisory Council Healthy volunteers Patient advocacy groups Patient stories Overview Andrea & David's Story Stacy's Story Anisha's Story Rob's Story HEAR FROM REAL PATIENTS Patient Stories Clinical study participation represents a deeply personal decision with potentially far-reaching impact, as evidenced by these inspiring individual stories that highlight both the life-changing potential for participants and the broader advancement of healthcare for all. Learn more Sites Main Menu Sites Want to collaborate with us to offer clinical trials at your site? We would welcome the opportunity to discuss. Learn more AWARD-WINNING-PARTNERS Enabling successful sites Our Enabling Successful Sites thought leadership series pairs site representatives with clinical operations experts to identify root causes of investigative site challenges and develop collaborative solutions. Learn more About Main Menu About We are one of the largest CROs in the world, speeding life-changing medicine to market by engaging patients With Heart™ . Learn about who we are, what we do, and what we believe. About Parexel Leadership team Global reach Our inclusion strategy Our ESG strategy Compliance, tax & privacy Meet us at an event Overview Leadership team Leadership team With decades of biopharmaceutical leadership experience and a deep dedication to patients, our executive team drives us forward in delivering better trials, faster. Overview Board of Directors Global reach Our Inclusion Strategy Our ESG strategy Compliance, tax & privacy Compliance, tax & privacy Find key information on our policies, strategies, pay data, and more. Overview Compliance & Ethics Tax Strategy Privacy Policy Cookies and other web tracking Supplier Data Privacy Requirements Terms of Use French Gender Pay Data UK Gender Pay Data UK Modern Slavery Act Statement Ireland Gender Pay Data Supplier Inclusion Policy Meet us at an event Overview Newsroom Academy Careers 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Contact Us Main Menu Newsroom Academy Careers 中国 China 日本 Japan Contact Us Solutions Biotech Therapeutic Expertise Insights Participate Sites About Close Menu Solutions Explore end-to-end solutions throughout development — from portfolio optimization and regulatory strategy, to Phase I-IV clinical trials, market access planning, and more. See solutions WHAT WE DO Portfolio management and asset valuation Early development and innovation Integrated clinical development Approval and access Value substantiation lifecycle management HOW WE DO IT Delivery models Operational excellence Medical affairs Study start-up Overview Portfolio management and asset valuation Portfolio management and asset valuation Our team optimizes your portfolio utilizing integrated expert clinical, regulatory, and market access strategies, enabling earlier and more informed risk-reward decisions. Overview Building patient insights into assets, profile and claims Portfolio optimization Asset valuation and indication prioritization Early evidence review Quantitative Clinical Pharmacology and Model-Informed Drug Development (MIDD) Integrated development strategy and planning Early development and innovation Early development and innovation Our multi-disciplinary early phase approach accelerates the path to proof of concept by integrating diverse expertise to optimize study design, generate robust clinical evidence, and reduce gaps between development phases. Overview Phase I Clinical Trials Site Alliance Network and KOL Engagement Regulatory Strategy Real World Evidence Market Access Consulting, Strategy, and Delivery Biomarker and Genomic Medicine Strategy Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications Integrated clinical development Integrated clinical development We deliver whole-study solutions with integrated strategies that ensure safety, data integrity, and regulatory compliance. We design patient-informed protocols that remove participation barriers, accelerate enrollment, and increase the likelihood of successful drug launches. Overview Phase IIB-IV Clinical Trials Real World Evidence Quantitative Clinical Pharmacology and Model-Informed Drug Development (MIDD) Protocol-Driven, Customized Site Solution Strategy Patient Inclusion Regulatory Strategy, Submissions, Compliance, and Outsourcing Market Access Strategy and Delivery Clinical Development Technology Optimization Clinical Trial Supply & Logistics Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications Drug Safety and Pharmacovigilance Approval and access Approval and access Our team of former regulators and HTA professionals provide tailored regulatory, compliance, and market access strategies across specialized therapeutic areas, creating customized pathways to maximize global market reach throughout your product's lifecycle. Overview Global Regulatory Submissions and Outsourcing Real World Evidence Compliance and Risk Management Market Access Strategy and Delivery Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications Drug Safety and Pharmacovigilance Health economics modelling and simulation Value substantiation lifecycle management Value substantiation lifecycle management We enhance your product's value story through post-approval studies and holistic lifecycle management services that satisfy regulators and payers while building stakeholder trust and maximizing your drug's market impact throughout its entire lifecycle. Overview Real-World Evidence, Market Access Strategy and Planning Regulatory Compliance Lifecycle Optimization Integrated evidence generation planning Medical Communications FSP delivery models in clinical trials Overview Gain an advantage through FSP Operational excellence Operational excellence We bring together experienced cross-functional experts to implement best practices, process simplifications, and technology standardization that accelerate timelines and improve quality. Overview Leveraging AI in clinical development Medical affairs for clinical trials Clinical study start up Close Menu Biotech Get the personal, responsive, and committed approach of a small CRO, with all the benefits of a large CRO, to help you develop life-changing treatments for patients. Learn more PODCAST Clinical Trialblazers Step into the world of biotech leaders and hear the untold stories behind their journeys to bring breakthrough innovations to life. Listen Now Close Menu Therapeutic Expertise Utilize our expertise across therapeutic areas, combining innovative trial designs, leading clinical and regulatory expertise, global reach, and a passion for changing patient lives. See expertise THERAPEUTIC EXPERTISE Neuroscience General medicine Infectious disease and vaccines Immunology Oncology Hematology CROSS-THERAPEUTIC EXPERTISE Cell and gene therapies Pediatrics Rare diseases Overview Cell and gene therapy General medicine General medicine Our team delivers high-quality clinical trials through forward-thinking medical expertise across multiple indications by combining strategic insight with operational excellence to support programs of all sizes. Overview Gastroenterology CRO Respiratory CRO Endocrine & Metabolic CRO Cardiovascular CRO Women's health CRO Infectious disease and vaccines Infectious disease and vaccines Our infectious disease and vaccines cro services help treat and prevent life-threatening illnesses. Learn how our team of experts can aid in any complex trial. Overview Critical Care Hepatitis B Novel treatments in infectious disease Immunology Immunology Discover our inflammation and immunology CRO services. We bring agile support and a unique MOA-driven model to inflammation and immunology. Overview Ophthalmology CRO Dermatology CRO Allergy CRO Oncology Oncology Parexel is a leading Oncology CRO with more than 80 ex-agency regulators and nearly 2,500 sites globally. Learn more about our oncology indications. Overview Bladder cancer CRO Breast cancer CRO Gynecologic cancer CRO Head and neck cancer CRO Lung cancer CRO Phase I and rare tumors Prostate cancer CRO Neuroscience Neuroscience As a leading neuroscience CRO, we leverage global site relationships, specialized resources, and indication-specific expertise to accelerate breakthroughs in neurological and psychiatric treatments for patients worldwide. Overview Neurology Psychiatry Pediatrics Rare Diseases Hematology Hematology As a top hematology CRO, our integrated teams use advanced analytics and real-world evidence to optimize hematology trial outcomes, ensuring faster, more effective drug development. Overview Lymphoma CRO Acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) CRO Myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) CRO Multiple Myeloma CRO RELATED INSIGHTS Slowing down to speed up: optimizing country and site selection in atopic dermatitis trials Learn more Advancing radiopharmaceutical development: Integrated clinical trial expertise mitigates risk Learn more Close Menu Insights Our experts help you stay at the forefront of the industry — and ahead of change. Learn more NEW MEDICINES, NOVEL INSIGHTS New frontiers in neuroscience Precision oncology Rare disease drug development Cell and gene therapy development Patient-guided drug development FEATURED INSIGHTS Clinical Trialblazers Podcast The Regulatory Navigator On The Pulse RECENT INSIGHTS Biopharm workforce report Optimizing the clinical research workforce: An industry analysis by Parexel Learn more Powered by people At the heart of Parexel sits the world’s most unique insight-generation engine: our people. Learn more Close Menu Participate Thinking about joining a clinical trial? Learn the drug development process, what it’s like to participate, how to find a trial, and answers to frequently asked questions. Learn more INTERESTED IN PARTICIPATING? Healthy volunteers Patient volunteers Patient advocacy groups TRIAL SITES Baltimore Los Angeles London Berlin Overview Patient volunteers Patient volunteers Clinical trials provide patients with access to innovative investigational treatments that advance medical research. Participation requires careful consideration that weighs both the benefits and risks. Overview Advisory Council Healthy volunteers Patient advocacy groups Patient stories Overview Andrea & David's Story Stacy's Story Anisha's Story Rob's Story HEAR FROM REAL PATIENTS Patient Stories Clinical study participation represents a deeply personal decision with potentially far-reaching impact, as evidenced by these inspiring individual stories that highlight both the life-changing potential for participants and the broader advancement of healthcare for all. Learn more Close Menu Sites Want to collaborate with us to offer clinical trials at your site? We would welcome the opportunity to discuss. Learn more AWARD-WINNING-PARTNERS Enabling successful sites Our Enabling Successful Sites thought leadership series pairs site representatives with clinical operations experts to identify root causes of investigative site challenges and develop collaborative solutions. Learn more Close Menu About We are one of the largest CROs in the world, speeding life-changing medicine to market by engaging patients With Heart™ . Learn about who we are, what we do, and what we believe. About Parexel Leadership team Global reach Our inclusion strategy Our ESG strategy Compliance, tax & privacy Meet us at an event Overview Leadership team Leadership team With decades of biopharmaceutical leadership experience and a deep dedication to patients, our executive team drives us forward in delivering better trials, faster. Overview Board of Directors Global reach Our Inclusion Strategy Our ESG strategy Compliance, tax & privacy Compliance, tax & privacy Find key information on our policies, strategies, pay data, and more. Overview Compliance & Ethics Tax Strategy Privacy Policy Cookies and other web tracking Supplier Data Privacy Requirements Terms of Use French Gender Pay Data UK Gender Pay Data UK Modern Slavery Act Statement Ireland Gender Pay Data Supplier Inclusion Policy Meet us at an event Overview Home Click or scroll The perspectives and opinions expressed in this material represent those of the patient advocate only and should not be considered a solicitation, promotion or advertisement for any services of Parexel, or any drugs or therapies, including those under development. Participating in clinical trials for investigational medicines offers patients potential benefits, such as access to cutting-edge treatments and expert medical care, while contributing to medical research. However, risks may include side effects, unpredictable outcomes, and time commitment. Careful assessment of these factors helps patients make informed decisions. The content of this material, including graphics, images and text, is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Please consult your healthcare professional for medical advice. The patient advocate has provided their consent for the use and distribution of this content. Close Patient Story Cell & Gene Therapy Immunology Neurosciences Endocrine & Metabolic One night, while watching TV with her husband, Robyn felt a lump in her neck. Disclaimer She had large B-cell lymphoma — an aggressive cancer diagnosed in 150,000 patients each year globally. As a doctor, she knew the risk. She got a CAT scan, looked at the images, and her world stopped. Four years later the lymphoma returned. Robyn’s care team prescribed a further six cycles of a brutal chemotherapy, followed by an autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) and external beam radiation. Robyn’s ASCT treatment was further complicated by septic shock requiring a stay in intensive care. Robyn entered remission again, but it was short-lived, with the lymphoma returning nine months later. Treatment options for Robyn were now bleak and limited. Robyn immediately sought treatment. With her husband by her side, she underwent many rounds of chemotherapy and went into remission. Feeling defeated, she found a clinical trial for CAR T-cell therapy, a new treatment that reengineers white blood cells to target and eradicate cancer. She thought this was her last chance. A week after receiving treatment, her lymph nodes shrunk. Within three months, there was no evidence of the disease. Today, she’s cancer free — and sharing her experiences to help us better meet the needs of patients like her in our cell and gene therapy trials. Lives can change when you design cell and gene therapy trials with speed and precision. Utilize the right experts, focused on the right indications Access even hard-to-find patient populations Pinpoint the perfect sites for your trial Satisfy global regulations, to get your treatment to market safely and quickly What we do, we do Our Experts Our cell and gene therapy specialists collaborate to help get your innovative treatments to patients like Robyn faster. MORE EXPERTS Steve Winitsky, M.D. Senior Vice Presiden... Stefan Zietze Executive Director, ... Hicham El Bariqi Director, Cell & Gen... Jingke Yang, M.D., Ph.D. Senior Medical Direc... Chris Learn, Ph.D., PMP Vice President, Cell and Gene Therapy, Center of Excellence Close Our Experts Chris Learn, Ph.D., PMP Vice President, Cell and Gene Therapy, Center of Excellence With 20+ years of trial execution and team management experience, Chris leads development for our cell and gene therapeutic area. He reinforces our patient-first focus to help ensure your trials are designed to meet patient needs. "Being able to capture and understand the patient’s perspective — not just as a patient, but as a person — and use their insight to guide my decisions is what it means to work With Heart™." Our diverse experiences ensure you get the expertise you need, no matter the indication. Our experience with CAGT clinical trial sites around the world allows us to accelerate study start-ups. North America South America Europe APAC Middle East & Africa Access to global EMR data enables us to pinpoint the perfect sites for your trial. Our cross-functional team overcomes any technical, logistical, and strategic challenges. Our highly tailored recruitment and retention strategies drive access to even hard-to-find patient populations. What can we do to help you change patient lives? See CAGT capabilities Visit all therapeutic areas Explore CAGT careers Discover other patient stories Neuroscience While running a triathlon, Andrea stumbled and realized something was wrong. She thought it was just an injury. But it was much more. View story Endocrine & Metabolic Jason lived with the disease of obesity, until a letter changed his life. View story The perspectives and opinions expressed in this material represent those of the patient advocate only and should not be considered a solicitation, promotion or advertisement for any services of Parexel, or any drugs or therapies, including those under development. Participating in clinical trials for investigational medicines offers patients potential benefits, such as access to cutting-edge treatments and expert medical care, while contributing to medical research. However, risks may include side effects, unpredictable outcomes, and time commitment. Careful assessment of these factors helps patients make informed decisions. The content of this material, including graphics, images and text, is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Please consult your healthcare professional for medical advice. The patient advocate has provided their consent for the use and distribution of this content. Close We focus on patients, because they inspire us to deliver better trials, faster than ever . So we can make a difference for more patients like Robyn. Disclaimer Who we are, Parexel is proudly among the world’s largest clinical research organizations A dedicated CRO providing the full range of Phase I to IV clinical development services and leveraging the breadth of our clinical, regulatory and therapeutic expertise , our team of more than 24,000 global professionals works in partnership with biopharmaceutical leaders and sites to design and deliver clinical trials with patients in mind , to make clinical research a care option for anyone, anywhere. Contact us Meet us at an event Resources My Communication Preferences Invoicing PO Terms and Conditions Regional Websites Japan China Quick Links Participate Sites Careers Newsroom Academy See our family of brands 541 Church at North Hills St., Suite 1000 Raleigh, NC 27609 +1 919 544 3170 Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of Service Modern Slavery Statement Act © . Parexel International (MA) Corporation. All Rights Reserved.