ParentPay - Leading Cashless Payment System for Schools Services Services Cashless Payments Meal Manager School Trips Club Management SchoolCloud Parents Evening School Shops Donations and Gift Aid Medical Tracker Group Manager Online Free School Meals International Dyslexia Learning (IDL) BlueRunner Who we help Who We Help Primary Schools Secondary Schools Independent Schools Multi-Academy Trusts Local Authorities Contract Caterers About Resources Parent login Parent login Parent support School login Login School support Group ParentPay Schoolcomms Cypad BlueRunner SIMS UNIT-e Reading Cloud Library Management Cloud All brands Menu Parent Login School Login Group Services Cashless Payments Meal Manager School Trips Club Management SchoolCloud Parents Evening School Shops Donations and Gift Aid Medical Tracker Group Manager Online Free School Meals International Dyslexia Learning (IDL) BlueRunner Who we help Who We Help Primary Schools Secondary Schools Independent Schools Multi-Academy Trusts Local Authorities Contract Caterers About Resources Parent login Parent support Login School support ParentPay Schoolcomms Cypad BlueRunner SIMS UNIT-e Reading Cloud Library Management Cloud All brands Totally Cashless Income Collection Collect payments for meals, clubs, trips, uniform and more. Collect & manage payments for meals, clubs, trips and more -  all from one place. Transform your money management with the most secure and trusted cashless payment solution. Our school payment services Enquire today Industry-leading financial reporting for UK schools - no matter how big or small A totally customisable app giving real insight for all schools, from Multi-Academy Trusts to local nurseries. Who we help Special offer: Switch to premium parental engagement today and pay later. Experience the power of Schoolcomms and communicate with parents without paying a thing until your current contract ends. Terms and conditions apply. Find out more SIMS and ParentPay Security Whitepaper Download our guide to protecting your school's systems and data against the growing wave of cyber threats. Download now 11k schools trust ParentPay to manage their online payments 4 million parents use ParentPay to make secure payments 47 seconds is the average wait time for calls to our support team We seamlessly integrate with any and every MIS system We seamlessly integrate with any and every MIS system Find the solution that fits your school and create time for learning. Cashless Payments Make school  payments pain-free. With multiple payment methods, collecting, counting, and handling cash has never been simpler or safer. Find out more Meal Manager Empower students to eat well while improving the safety, efficiency, and productivity of your school meal service with Meal Manager. Find out more School Trips Relieve the pressure from teachers and streamline your school office with hassle-free school trip management. Find out more SchoolCloud online parents evening Say yes to paperless parents’ evenings and alleviate admin headaches with online bookings and appointments. Find out more School Shops ParentPay Shops is a highly flexible cashless payment solution, helping thousands of schools to go truly cashless by collecting for all types of income collection. Find out more Donations & Gift Aid Streamline your fundraising efforts and enable parents to donate with a variety of payment methods, with or without a ParentPay account. Find out more Medical Tracker With Medical Tracker, you can record accidents, care plans, and manage medical conditions online. Find out more Group Manager Centralise multiple reporting streams into a single purpose-built solution for MAT leaders. Find out more International Dyslexia Learning (IDL) Empower students to accelerate their literacy and number skills with this specialised multi-sensory software. Find out more Club Management Easily manage breakfast and after-school clubs online. Cut out onerous admin with our user-friendly club management software. Find out more Free Resources for your school Download the Ultimate Cashless Payments Guide Download our end-to-end guide for adopting or switching your cashless solution. Download the guide Get in touch Whether you’d like us to answer your questions, provide your school with a quote, or give a free demonstration of our system, we’re here to help. And, if it’s easier, we can come to you. Simply arrange to see us in person and we’ll show you how it all works. Enquire today Where to next? We can help you with much more than managing payments. Parental Engagement Parental Engagement is key to raising achievement in schools. That’s why we’ve made it simple with our all-in-one parent app for schools. More Information Cashless Catering Meal pre-orders and cashless catering across multiple sites are handled seamlessly with Meal Selection – designed specifically for the education sector. More Information Where to next? We can help you with much more than managing payments. Parental Engagement Parental Engagement is key to raising achievement in schools. That’s why we’ve made it simple with our all-in-one parent app for schools. Find out more Cashless Catering Meal Management made easy. Empower students to eat well while improving the safety, efficiency, and productivity of your school meal service with Meal Manager. Find out more X A new home is coming We’ll soon be launching a new website that brings all ParentPay Group brands together. Your login will stay the same — just a fresh look and a smoother experience ahead. Stay tuned! About About ParentPay Resources Cashless Payments Guide Club Management Help Book a demo Parent FAQs Contact parent support Staff training Refund advice Policies GDPR Cookie policy Privacy notice ParentPay Group About us Careers News Media enquiries Group brands ParentPay Schoolcomms Cypad BlueRunner SIMS UNIT-e Reading Cloud Library Management Cloud All brands How we work Data security protection Modern day slavery statement Gender pay gap report Wellbeing Who we support Our partners Newsletter Sign-up Keep in touch with ParentPay Sign me up © ParentPay Group 2025. All Rights Reserved. VAT Number: 803 8147 42 © ParentPay Group 2024. All Rights Reserved. VAT Number: 803 8147 42