Our use of cookies

We use essential cookies to make our site work.

We'd like to use additional cookies to understand how you use the site and improve our services.

You can find details of these and all other cookies on our cookie policy.

Accept additional cookies
Reject additional cookies
Cookie settings
Skip to main content
Business
MPs, Lords & offices
About
Get involved
Visit
More
UK Parliament

The UK Parliament has two Houses that work on behalf of UK citizens to check and challenge the work of Government, make and shape effective laws, and debate/make decisions on the big issues of the day.

Featured news
View all UK Parliament news
Featured item:
The House of Commons rises for Christmas recess
The House adjourned for Christmas recess on Thursday 18 December and will next sit on Monday 5 January
18 December 2025
Featured item:
2025 in the House of Lords
Catch up on a busy year in the Lords and explore the key highlights
19 December 2025
Featured item:
Lord Gove: Lord Speaker's Corner
Michael Gove, Lord Gove, is the latest guest on Lord Speaker’s Corner as he discusses the fragmentation of British politics, breaking up the Treasury, Brexit and The Celebrity Traitors. Watch or listen now to find out more
8 December 2025
Quick links
House of Commons
Democratically elected house makes laws and checks the work of Government.
House of Lords
Checking and shaping draft laws and challenging the work of Government.
MPs and Lords
Find Members of Parliament (MPs) and Members of the House of Lords.
Votes in Parliament
Find vote results from the House of Commons and House of Lords.
Hansard
Read transcripts of debates and find business papers from both Houses.
Bills
Keep up to date with the progress of current and draft Bills before Parliament.
Committees
Latest news, inquiries and reports from Parliamentary select committees.
Research briefings
Browse research, data and analysis from Parliament’s libraries and research bodies.
ParliamentNow
View full ParliamentNow website
To view a version of ParliamentNow that is accessible using assistive technologies, please use this link.

ParliamentNow presents information from the UK Parliament annunciator system, covering both the House of Commons and House of Lords. Similar to annunciator screens on the Parliamentary estate, it provides constantly updated information on what's happening in both chambers.

Follow the latest business
News
What's on

Latest news from the House of Commons and Houses of Lords.

Welsh Affairs Committee Chair: Inheritance tax threshold increase welcomed but Wales-specific impact assessment still needed
The Government has announced changes to the Agricultural Property Relief and Business Property Relief reforms (known as APR and BPR), due to be introduced in April 2026. The threshold at which farmers will be liable to pay inheritance tax will be increased from £1m to £2.5m.
23 December 2025
EFRA Chair welcomes Government change of heart but warns lessons must be heeded by ministers
The Government has announced changes to the Agricultural and Business Property Relief reforms (known as APR and BPR), due to be introduced in April 2026. The threshold will be increased from £1m to £2.5m, enabling spouses or civil partners to pass on up to £5m in qualifying agricultural or business assets between them before paying inheritance tax, on top of existing allowances. 
23 December 2025
Government makes no commitment to national flooding helpline in response to EAC report
Today the Environmental Audit Committee has published the Government’s response to its report on ‘Flood resilience in England’.
23 December 2025
Chair comment: Proposed changes to BBC Editorial Guidelines and Standards Committee
Commenting on today’s publication of reviews of the BBC Editorial Guidelines and Standards (EGS) Committee and Michael Prescott memo
19 December 2025
MPs to hold a debate on potential merits of a statutory duty of care for universities
On Tuesday 13 January in Westminster Hall, MPs will hold a debate on potential merits of a statutory duty of care for universities
19 December 2025
MPs to hold a debate on impact of gambling harms in children and young people
On Thursday 15 January in Westminster Hall, MPs will hold a debate on Impact of gambling harms in children and young people
19 December 2025
View all UK Parliament news
Watch

Watch live and archived coverage of all UK Parliament proceedings taking place in public.

Parliament TV

Live feeds of debates and committee meetings on Parliament TV. Also access videos of debates and committee meetings dating back to December 2007.

Watch on parliamentlive.tv
UK Parliament YouTube
Watch the latest videos about the work of Parliament on our official YouTube channel
Developers
Developer hub
Resources for developers, including a directory of open data APIs which allow Parliamentary data to be shared publicly
Other Parliamentary resources
Written questions, answers and statements
Find written questions and answers, as well as written statements
Statutory Instruments
Find Statutory Instruments by title, paper number, and other criteria
Treaties
Find treaties by title, command paper number, and other criteria
Deposited papers
Find deposited papers that have been deposited in both houses
MPs' Guide to Procedure
Practical, clearly written guidance on House of Commons procedure for MPs and their staff
Erskine May
Browse and search an online version of Erskine May’s treatise on the law, privileges, proceedings
Find Members of the House of Commons

Enter your postcode to find the name and contact details of your local MP

Postcode, MP's name or constituency
Search
View all MPs
Find Members of the House of Lords

Enter a name or title to find details about a Member of the House of Lords

Name or title
Search
View all Members of the House of Lords
Visit UK Parliament

Discover the history and work of Parliament

View all tours
Popular
What's on in Parliament
Petitions
Careers at Parliament
Commons Media Relations
Lords Press Office
Contact us
Research
Commons Library
Lords Library
POST
Search Parliament
Watch Parliament Live
Parliament Live TV
Follow Parliament
X
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Legal
Accessibility statement
Modern slavery statement
About this site
Privacy notice
Cookie policy
Cookie settings

© UK Parliament 2025