Skip to main content
Product
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Download
Login
Let's Talk
Try Parsec Now
Connect to your
game
from anywhere

Remote desktop reimagined – a seamless 4k experience at up to 60 frames per second with near-zero latency. Secure, flexible, effortless access to whatever you do, at any time, from wherever you go.

Find the right Parsec for you

This section compares Parsec with other streaming apps in terms of image quality, smooth motion, and frame stability. The comparison is shown through overlaid videos or images.

This video demonstrates the experience when using other streaming apps compared to Parsec. It begins with a few seconds of scrolling down a dark-themed code editor. The quality of the video is poor and pixelated, with washed-out colors. Then, a zoom effect begins from the top left corner of the screen, magnifying part of the code. The details of the code remain unclear, making the text hard to read due to the low image quality.
This video demonstrates the experience when using Parsec compared to other streaming apps. It starts with a few seconds of scrolling down a dark-themed code editor, showcasing sharp visuals and vibrant colors. The video quality is crisp, with well-defined text and accurate colors. Then, a zoom effect begins from the top left corner of the screen, magnifying part of the code. The text remains clear and readable, with no blurring or pixelation due to the high image quality.
Slide for Comparison
OTHERS
Crisp image quality

Resolutions up to 4K and 4:4:4 color to ensure near-flawless visual fidelity.

High-speed streaming

Get frame rates up to 240 FPS (up to 60 FPS at 4K), for a silky smooth experience.

Fewer dropped frames

Proprietary technology and direct peer-to-peer connections mean virtually no latency.

Seamless access to the
ways you work and play
Personalized Experience

With a single click, you’ll forget you’re somewhere else. Your controllers, Wacom tablet, software, and monitors can now go anywhere you want.

Instant collaboration

Share a session to capture that over-the-shoulder or on-the-couch feel. Play co-op, review a level in real-time, or write the band’s next single.

Stress-free install

Parsec installs in seconds, and teams can get up and running in less than a day. There’s no software to learn, no training required. Just keep doing what you’ve been doing.

Comprehensive security

Parsec is SOC 2 Type 2 certified to keep data safe when you're on the go.

Peer-to-peer connections

All connections traveling through Parsec are peer-to-peer. They never pass through Parsec's infrastructure – we couldn’t see what you're doing even if we wanted to. (We don’t.)

Extra layers of security

The host can control exactly which apps connected guests are approved to see and interact with, and multi-factor authentication (MFA) keeps your password and login locked down.

Teams and Enterprise upgrades

Organizations can provision access to guests and team members via the admin panel or by SSO, and a high-performance relay server adds even more control.

Trusted by the world's most creative companies

“Parsec is literally the only remote solution we tried that enabled gameplay at the level of a gamer's high-fidelity, low-latency expectations. Other solutions don't even compare to Parsec.”

Brian Walker
Xbox Research, Principal Research Operations Lead

Read customer story

“Parsec is super fast and responsive, with zero lag and beautiful colors, so it felt like we were there, which is important to artists. The low latency is insane. With other products, we experienced lots of lag time that made it so hard to work, we'd want to give up.”

John Bashyam
Warm & Fuzzy, Co-Founder

Read customer story

“Parsec is so easy to get started with — the editors have all sung the praises of Parsec's easy access and log in process. Editors can just access their machines and start work, and they can handle their own password management, so I don't have to.”

Michael Dias
72 Films, Head of Post-Production

Read customer story
Find the right Parsec for you
Parsec
Parsec Warp
Parsec for Teams

Built to support hybrid work and distributed teams. Keeps data on-prem and empowers admins with simple yet powerful security and access controls.

Start trial

14-day free trial.
Cancel at any time.

Parsec for Enterprise
Experience Parsec for yourself.

Try it for free, upgrade at any time

Sign up now

© 2025 Unity Technologies SF
All rights reserved.

Product

Work
Gaming
Pros
Enterprise
Changelog
Download

Developers

Teams API Documentation

Resources

Support
Blog
Security
Remote Desktop
Hybrid Work

Company

About
Careers
Terms of Service
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information
Your Privacy


Choices (Cookie Settings)
Acknowledgements

By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies