Entain Skip to content 766.60p 0.13% facebook twitter linkedin Contact us Go to homepage Back to menu About Entain About Entain About Entain Entain is one of the world's largest sports betting and gaming groups. Learn more At a glance Our strategy Market drivers Leadership Corporate governance About Entain Corporate governance Board committees Memorandum and articles Board diversity policy Directors' remuneration policy NED Relationship Agreement History What we do What we do What we do Betting and gaming is in our DNA. It’s the purple thread that drives our evolution, our people, and our purpose. Learn more Our brands Sports Trading at Entain iGaming at Entain Investor Relations Investor Relations Investor Relations Entain is a differentiated consumer-focused business operating in a global industry with attractive growth dynamics. Learn more Investing in Entain Results centre Annual reports Share price tools Investor Relations Share price tools Investment calculator Share price look-up Regulatory news Financial calendar & events Shareholder information Investor Relations Shareholder information Advisors and agents Registrar Subsidiary reporting Dividends Analyst coverage STS acquisition and placing Phishing warning HMRC investigation Investor email alerts News & Insights Debt investors Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability At Entain, we have proudly put sustainability on an equal footing to our growth strategy. Learn more Goals & performance Safer betting and gaming Social Impact Sustainability Social Impact Initiatives we have supported Pitching In Employees Environment ESG policies & reports Sustainability ESG policies & reports Gender Pay Gap Reporting ESG report archive Supplier Code of Conduct The Black Market Whistleblowing News & insights News & insights News & insights Read the latest news from Entain, discover media resources and take a closer look at our business and the industry. Learn more Latest news Insights Media library Media contact Careers Open popup ✕ Toggle navigation Go to homepage Close popup Search here Search submit Close video popup It's your game Entain in 60 seconds Decorative image. What we do At Entain, everything we do revolves around our customers. Through our global scale and flagship brands, we leverage our technology and data insights to create products and experiences which bring moments of excitement into people’s lives. Key figures UP 7% YOY £ 5 .1bn Group Revenue UP 9% YOY £ 3 .7bn Online Net Gaming Revenue UP 8% YOY £ 1 .1bn Group Underlying EBITDA Our brands We have an unparalleled portfolio of more than 35 iconic brands, tailored to local markets. Local expertise, supported by our global technology allows us to cater to the needs of different customers across our markets. Explore our brands Betboo BetCity BetMGM Boost casino Borgata bingo Bwin Coral CrystalBet Foxy games Gala bingo Eurobet Finnplay Foxy bingo Gala casino Gioco digitale Klondaika Ladbrokes Ladbrokes Belgium Laimz Neds Explore our brands Positioned for growth We operate in over 30 regulated or regulating markets, which (exc. US) are forecast to grow mid-single-digits annually, over the medium-term. The market trends shaping our future Our values Our values are core to the way we behave as individuals and as a business. We want to create a rich and rewarding culture that unlocks the maximum potential of our teams to create incredible products and experiences for our customers. Do What's Right We put our customers first and play a leading part in protecting our players. We are creating a work environment where everyone can be themselves, and act with integrity all the time. To do what's right we must keep ourselves honest so our people should never be afraid to speak out if something feels wrong. Keep it Simple We make things easy for our customers by focusing on them and their needs. We are clear on our goals and who's accountable for what, so we all know what success looks like. We remove complexity wherever we find it, because we all perform better that way. Go Beyond We stay curious. We need to learn from our successes and from setbacks to push forward. We surround ourselves with the best people and we put in the effort needed to turn ambitions into reality. We embrace change because that's when progress happens. Win Together We have a shared vision for Entain. We collaborate, break down barriers and share ideas for the greater good. We never forget that we're on the same side, so we treat everyone the way we want to be treated. We're inspired by our teammates. We celebrate their success, because when they win, we all win together. Decorative image. Sustainable returns Investing in Entain Discover more Discover more Decorative image. Shareholder value Our strategy Discover more Discover more Sustainability At Entain, we’ve long believed that our long-term success is made possible by creating a more sustainable business: one that sets high standards on player protection, one that makes a real positive impact in the communities in which we work and play, and one that builds trust with wider society. Discover more Decorative image. Leadership Discover more Decorative image. Corporate governance Discover more Decorative image. Investor Relations Discover more See all insights Decorative image. Prime to Parlay: Could Amazon’s NBA deal reshape basketball betting? Discover more Discover more Decorative image. Market spotlight: Italy Retail Discover more Discover more Sitemap Disclaimer Entain Privacy Notice Gender Pay Gap Modern Slavery Statement Whistleblowing Cookie settings Back to top © Entain facebook twitter linkedin