System status
Support
Login
Platform
Supported devices
Solutions
Developers
Pricing
Contact sales
Application infrastructure for intelligent devices
Start for free
LATEST
Order your Tachyon now!

Embed intelligence into anything, anywhere with Particle's 5G-connected, AI-accelerated single-board computer.

Ship software to hardware.
Built for developer productivity, observability, and reliability.
Edge infrastructure
Embedded intelligence
Reliably deploy over-the-air software and model updates to any device — from KB-scale microcontrollers to GB-scale edge computers and AI accelerators.
Bare metal runtime
Drivers and libraries
Particle on Linux NEW
Device protection NEW
OTA software updates
Network and connectivity
Wireless connectivity that just works
Connectivity shouldn't require a Ph.D in radios and protocols. Particle provides an abstracted communications layer that works reliably across a wide range of radios: LTE, 5G, Wi-Fi, satellite, and LoRaWAN.
"It just works" connectivity
EtherSIM
Particle.publish()
EtherSIM+ NEW
Encryption
Multi-radio transport NEW
Cloud infrastructure
Turning data into actions and insights
Machine data are only useful if they get used. Turn data into immediate action and helpful insights through Particle's real-time data automation infrastructure.
Event Bus
Location Fusion
Ledger
REST API
Logic
Integrations
Management and oversight
Complete control of your devices in the field
Monitor and manage every device, every bit of software, and every ounce of data you collect through a single portal.
Console
Security and compliance
Software releases
Configuration COMING SOON
Vitals
Insights COMING SOON
Application development
Software-defined everything
Particle puts you in control with a developer-friendly application framework spanning the device and the cloud, supported by thousands of libraries, hundreds of integrations, and world-class documentation.
Blueprints BETA
Command line interface (CLI)
Workbench
Edge ML NEW
Web IDE
Supported devices
Hardware abstraction, not hardware ignorance
Particle's edge-to-cloud infrastructure is tightly integrated with supported devices — from our own modules and gateways to popular edge computing platforms like Raspberry Pi, NVIDIA Jetson, and BeagleBone.
Development kits
Gateways
System-on-Modules (SoMs)
Single-board computers (SBCs) NEW
Particle is everywhere

60 Billion

Messages delivered per month

12 Million

OTA software updates per month

240,000

Developers building with Particle

"As the world’s first platform offering logistics players smart, light electric vehicles as a service, IoT-enabled asset tracking capabilities are critical to our business and Particle has been a trusted solution provider and strong partner."

– Mina Nada, CEO of Zoomo

Get started with a development board today
The best way to see what’s possible with Particle is to start building. Get your hands on a development board today to and join the community.
Browse the store
Muon

Gen 4 MCU + multi-radio

In stock
Tachyon

Gen 5 5G SBC + AI accelerator

In stock
Boron

Gen 3 MCU + LTE

In stock
Photon 2

Gen 4 MCU + Wi-Fi

In stock
Monitor One

Gen 3 MCU + LTE gateway

In stock