Partner Ecosystem Platform | Rated #1 | PartnerStack Work smarter with PartnerStack AI See it in action -> Platform PLATFORM FEATURES One platform to power your partner ecosystem Watch platform demo Recruit Attract high-quality, great-fit partners Activate Enable partners with best-in-class resources Track Monitor every partner-sourced lead Commission Incentivize partners with rewards and commissions Optimize Improve performance with reports and insights PartnerStack AI Find the right partners, start the right conversations and capture every opportunity. Book a demo Pricing For Enterprise For Partners & Publishers Platform features -> Platform Features Recruit Activate Track Commission Optimize PartnerStack AI Book a demo Solutions SOLUTIONS One platform to power your partner ecosystem Watch platform demo PartnerStack is the only modern PRM that scales multiple types and motions Affiliates The only affiliate platform built for B2B B2B Influencer Expand your reach with trusted voices Co-sell Pipeline powered by your partners Answer Engine Optimization Turn every Ai answer into revenue Book a demo Pricing For Enterprise For Partners & Publishers Platform features -> Affiliates B2B Influencer Co-sell Answer Engine Optimization For Partners & Publishers Resources RESOURCES Ecosystem resources in your back pocket Perfect your partnerships with our curated collection of resources designed for growth All resources Research Lab Access data-driven reports and trends Customers Learn why our customers love us Guides Find the answers you need from experts Partner Playbook Explore proven plays by our customers Articles Discover industry best practices and tips Glossary Decode buzzwords and learn the industry lingo Get free ecosystem advice Sign up for our newsletter to enjoy premium partnerships and ecosystem content you can’t get anywhere else. PartnerStack Resources Research Lab Guides Articles Customers Partner Playbook Glossary About Us Login Get started Drive growth with B2B partnerships Scale partner revenue through high-performing co-sell, affiliate, influencer and customer referrals on the only PRM with a network of partners By submitting your email, you agree to opt in to marketing emails. Watch 1-minute video JOIN 600+ COMPANIES that use partnerstack to grow and sustain revenue. View our customer stories The best platform for any (and every) kind of partner PartnerStack powers every kind of partnership and makes it easy to run multiple programs side-by-side to diversify your ecosystem. AFFILIATE PARTNERS Get publishers, content creators and influencers to drive traffic to your product to grow your brand. CO-SELL PARTNERS Receive qualified leads, empower agencies and independent vendors to sell software directly and reach more customers. INFLUENCERS Create conversion touch points throughout your funnel through trusted industry experts that know your audience best. The best B2B partner network of active partners Sales through the network Total customer actions Commissions paid to partners View real partner activity at partnerstack.com/globe The PartnerStack Marketplace FOR PARTNERS Partner up and get paid Partners that work in the PartnerStack Network get unlimited access to partnerships for free through our Marketplace. Transform your revenue with 600+ of the world’s most recognizable B2B SaaS brands. Start earning today The proof is in the partnerships "I can't think of any other platform that enables companies to develop their program, work with their partners, and of course, increase their revenue.” Dor Winter Referral Partnership Manager, monday.com Read the case study JOIN 600+ GROWING B2B SAAS COMPANIES Recognized as the top-rated Partner Ecosystem Platform PARTNER ECOSYSTEMS SOFTWARE #1 network for B2B SaaS distribution. AFFILIATE MARKETING #1 platform dedicated to B2B SaaS with a marketplace of 115,000+ active partners. PARTNERSTACK FEATURES Simplify your ecosystem — automate the hard stuff Reach the right partners Get your brand in front of more customers by promoting your partner program to 115,000+ active partners, ready to market SaaS. Progress makes perfect Understand where your traffic flows and converts, and trace it back to partners so they’re paid and incentivized to keep it up. Champion partners to perform Set your partners up for success with custom onboarding journeys, training and resources about your product. Never miss a payment No more mind-numbing calculations. Automate partner pay with a single monthly invoice, no matter how many partners you have. Prove ROI faster Empower your partners to optimize their performance with detailed reporting and stats on how to improve your program’s success. Learn more about recruitment Learn more about tracking Learn more about activations Learn more about commissions Learn more about optimization IN THE WILD What's new? PRODUCT LAUNCH PartnerStack AI AI that finds the right partners, starts the right conversations and captures every opportunity — so your ecosystem grows smarter, stronger and faster, without the grind. See it in action ORIGINAL RESEARCH LAB REPORT The State of Partnerships in GTM 2026 Explore how partnerships help SaaS companies close faster, retain more and grow smarter — with the data-driven insights to prove it. Download free report PartnerStack is the only platform connected to the largest B2B SaaS Network in the world View all platform features ROI REPORT 33% Faster Payback With PartnerStack Than The Average PRM Read how analyst firm GTM Partners used G2 user review data to determine the time to ROI of partner technology. See the report Testimonials across the web See our G2 reviews VENDOR “When looking at PRM software, we mostly saw heavy, more antiquated systems. When we discovered PartnerStack, what we saw was an up-and-comer in the space — and I always like to align myself with the up-and-comer.” Zak Pines VP, Partnerships at Formstack VENDOR "In PartnerStack, my favorite part is the overview section where I can have the whole story short for all the affiliate partnerships I have. The most important metrics are shown right in the main screen . The manual rewards option makes it a much better platform for partner marketing and building great partnerships with brands." Vashishtha K Co-Founder VENDOR "PartnerStack works great for adding my leads, clients and tracking their activities and payouts . It's been easy to use and very helpful." Sarah D Founder VENDOR "It was great onboarding experience – we have received a detailed plan and step-by-step guidance and were able to go live without any major issues. My favourite PartnerStack feature is Emails – it allows you to engage with your partners automatically , based on their activity or non-activity, and saves quite a lot of time, especially when you have to deal with a large pool of partners." Sergei D Writer and Founder VENDOR "PartnerStack makes it so easy to manage thousands of affiliates that have currently joined our program. All their top-notch features help us recruit, onboard, and nurture all our partners, it's just incredible! Everything is so well-thought-out on the platform and the team's support is excellent." Roxana M Head of Marketing VENDOR "PartnerStack's Customer Success team has been an absolute dream to work with . They really feel like our partners on this journey and are truly invested in our success. They're responsive, smart as hell, and most importantly, know their platform in and out." Rachael B Senior Communications Manager VENDOR "PartnerStack has made it easier for me to interact with my B2B clients. Moreover, I did not face any issue with its installation and it was very easy to sign up . I must say that this is one window solution for having the analytics about the working of your various partnerships. I would say it is playing a vital role in our organization while building partner relationship in appropriate manners. Peter Suter Senior Software Engineer at Six VENDOR “I go into this call with PartnerStack thinking, ‘I’m not going with these guys. There’s no way.’ But then, as we went through the demo… everything was so simple and so easy to navigate . The automation within the platform, the segmentation, the reporting — all of this was missing from other platforms we looked at. Compared to PartnerStack, the competition looked like it was inside of Windows Vista.” Nancy Mai Harnett Partner Marketing Specialist at Teamwork VENDOR "PartnerStack is a leading affiliate marketing platform that enables businesses to quickly and easily launch their Affiliate Program. With over thousands of software, digital service providers, e-commerce companies and online stores already on the marketplace. PartnerStack has made it so easy for me to earn money through the affiliate marketing programs that they have available." Mr S Founder VENDOR "The team at PartnerStack helped us understand the data and build an automated program that supports our partners and our business." Matthew Sison Growth Manager at Looka VENDOR "The team at PS is excellent. They were very organized throughout the implementation process and helped guide us with best practices . The platform is also very comprehensive and eliminates the need to do a lot of manual work with each partner (that's good for us and them). This was different than a lot of the competitors we reviewed." Matt K Founder VENDOR “We’d used other affiliate management software before, but we really liked PartnerStack for a few reasons, including automating onboarding and communications, but the most significant thing for us is automated payouts .” Maris Dagis CEO and Co-Founder at Sellfy VENDOR "Using PartnerStack makes organizing our affiliate program a piece of cake! Their UI is extremely user-friendly. I love all the functions we can provide to activate our partners and make them even more engaged...and the best part? We've got a dedicated success manager , who is always ready to assist us when we need any help!" Marina R Affiliate Manager VENDOR "The team was super-helpful, they are using actual english terms when explaining the process, the platform the ups and downs. The onboarding and integration went smoothly and unexpectedly fast and we are already seeing results." Maria H Business Development Manager VENDOR "Every affiliate has a different way they want to promote and sell Riipen to their audience because our target market is so diverse. PartnerStack really helps us understand more about our affiliates and how we can support them." Kaitlyn Crocker Channel Acquisitions Manager at Riipen VENDOR "Very quick and fast payouts via PayPal or Stripe . In addition, customer support is an excellent and good tracking system for links. PartnerStack is the only platform in my experience that gives affiliate and vendor communicate right within the platform." Jones M Freelance VENDOR "PartnerStack was easy to work with. I thought their service was fast and efficient . I would recommend them to my colleagues!" John P Fixed Income Analysis VENDOR "PartnerStack is one-of-a-kind. Their onboarding experience is nothing short of amazing. They mapped out detailed timelines, checklist items, and were so thorough in thinking through every little item . This is so helpful when onboarding a brand new tool. PartnerStack definitely makes you feel supported and almost a year later, I can still say I feel the same way." Jackie M Director of Growth Marketing VENDOR "PartnerStack provides more than just affiliate tracking, with features like in-app messaging, resource center and automated onboarding . We need to empower our partners to sell, and PartnerStack helps make it happen." Joe Cardillo Affiliate Marketing Manager at Jungle Scout VENDOR "I’ve been in roles where I did everything manually. Seeing how PartnerStack solves everything I was doing manually is very valuable." Jennifer Rhima Director of Partnerships VENDOR "I really like having a dedicated CSM at PartnerStack. They offer really tailored solutions to use cases you share with them. I had to share a review here because a few weeks ago our CSM Jenny received a BOOK of questions from me and she answered everything I needed in the same day . I was expecting at least a few day turnaround, but she was so attentive to our needs." Jackie A Business Development Manager VENDOR "I like the fact that PartnerStack allows you to fine-tune your affiliate programs in a very detailed way , create multi-level payout scenarios based on either flat rate or percentage, as well as create complex if-then conditions with triggers pertaining to the customer, transaction or partnership." George V Sales Manager VENDOR "PartnerStack is incredibly easy to use and very straightforward. The backend is simple and it makes it easy to keep partners engaged. The referral process is easy and utilizing this tool has positively impacted our partner program." Evan S Content and Social Media Strategist VENDOR "PartnerStack allows me to grow revenue streams while keeping partnerships with these companies running smoothly. Great service." Gary M Lecturer VENDOR “We have industry knowledge that helped, but the fact is without PartnerStack, there's no way we would have launched in three weeks.” Cory Snyder VP Sales and Partnerships at Maropost VENDOR “PartnerStack has been essential in building a scalable process for onboarding , engaging and rewarding partners, with a team that’s supported us immensely as we’ve grown partnerships into a major acquisition channel.” Anca Bujor Channel Partnerships Manager at Unbounce VENDOR "When it comes to managing multiple affiliate scheme memberships, PartnerStack is the best option . Unlike other providers in this space UI is intuitive, the reporting is easy to read and understand, and their marketplace feature makes it super easy for me to find other affiliate schemes to join - many other platforms don't make it this easy!" Andrew D Owner & Founder VENDOR “When looking at PRM software, we mostly saw heavy, more antiquated systems. When we discovered PartnerStack, what we saw was an up-and-comer in the space — and I always like to align myself with the up-and-comer.” Zak Pines VP, Partnerships at Formstack VENDOR "In PartnerStack, my favorite part is the overview section where I can have the whole story short for all the affiliate partnerships I have. The most important metrics are shown right in the main screen . The manual rewards option makes it a much better platform for partner marketing and building great partnerships with brands." Vashishtha K Co-Founder VENDOR "PartnerStack works great for adding my leads, clients and tracking their activities and payouts . It's been easy to use and very helpful." Sarah D Founder VENDOR "It was great onboarding experience – we have received a detailed plan and step-by-step guidance and were able to go live without any major issues. My favourite PartnerStack feature is Emails – it allows you to engage with your partners automatically , based on their activity or non-activity, and saves quite a lot of time, especially when you have to deal with a large pool of partners." Sergei D Writer and Founder VENDOR "PartnerStack makes it so easy to manage thousands of affiliates that have currently joined our program. All their top-notch features help us recruit, onboard, and nurture all our partners, it's just incredible! Everything is so well-thought-out on the platform and the team's support is excellent." Roxana M Head of Marketing VENDOR "PartnerStack's Customer Success team has been an absolute dream to work with . They really feel like our partners on this journey and are truly invested in our success. They're responsive, smart as hell, and most importantly, know their platform in and out." Rachael B Senior Communications Manager VENDOR "PartnerStack has made it easier for me to interact with my B2B clients. Moreover, I did not face any issue with its installation and it was very easy to sign up . I must say that this is one window solution for having the analytics about the working of your various partnerships. I would say it is playing a vital role in our organization while building partner relationship in appropriate manners. Peter Suter Senior Software Engineer at Six VENDOR “I go into this call with PartnerStack thinking, ‘I’m not going with these guys. There’s no way.’ But then, as we went through the demo… everything was so simple and so easy to navigate . The automation within the platform, the segmentation, the reporting — all of this was missing from other platforms we looked at. Compared to PartnerStack, the competition looked like it was inside of Windows Vista.” Nancy Mai Harnett Partner Marketing Specialist at Teamwork VENDOR "PartnerStack is a leading affiliate marketing platform that enables businesses to quickly and easily launch their Affiliate Program. With over thousands of software, digital service providers, e-commerce companies and online stores already on the marketplace. PartnerStack has made it so easy for me to earn money through the affiliate marketing programs that they have available." Mr S Founder VENDOR "The team at PartnerStack helped us understand the data and build an automated program that supports our partners and our business." Matthew Sison Growth Manager at Looka VENDOR "The team at PS is excellent. They were very organized throughout the implementation process and helped guide us with best practices . The platform is also very comprehensive and eliminates the need to do a lot of manual work with each partner (that's good for us and them). This was different than a lot of the competitors we reviewed." Matt K Founder VENDOR “We’d used other affiliate management software before, but we really liked PartnerStack for a few reasons, including automating onboarding and communications, but the most significant thing for us is automated payouts .” Maris Dagis CEO and Co-Founder at Sellfy VENDOR "Using PartnerStack makes organizing our affiliate program a piece of cake! Their UI is extremely user-friendly. I love all the functions we can provide to activate our partners and make them even more engaged...and the best part? We've got a dedicated success manager , who is always ready to assist us when we need any help!" Marina R Affiliate Manager VENDOR "The team was super-helpful, they are using actual english terms when explaining the process, the platform the ups and downs. The onboarding and integration went smoothly and unexpectedly fast and we are already seeing results." Maria H Business Development Manager VENDOR "Every affiliate has a different way they want to promote and sell Riipen to their audience because our target market is so diverse. PartnerStack really helps us understand more about our affiliates and how we can support them." Kaitlyn Crocker Channel Acquisitions Manager at Riipen VENDOR "Very quick and fast payouts via PayPal or Stripe . In addition, customer support is an excellent and good tracking system for links. PartnerStack is the only platform in my experience that gives affiliate and vendor communicate right within the platform." Jones M Freelance VENDOR "PartnerStack was easy to work with. I thought their service was fast and efficient . I would recommend them to my colleagues!" John P Fixed Income Analysis VENDOR "PartnerStack is one-of-a-kind. Their onboarding experience is nothing short of amazing. They mapped out detailed timelines, checklist items, and were so thorough in thinking through every little item . This is so helpful when onboarding a brand new tool. PartnerStack definitely makes you feel supported and almost a year later, I can still say I feel the same way." Jackie M Director of Growth Marketing VENDOR "PartnerStack provides more than just affiliate tracking, with features like in-app messaging, resource center and automated onboarding . We need to empower our partners to sell, and PartnerStack helps make it happen." Joe Cardillo Affiliate Marketing Manager at Jungle Scout VENDOR "I’ve been in roles where I did everything manually. Seeing how PartnerStack solves everything I was doing manually is very valuable." Jennifer Rhima Director of Partnerships VENDOR "I really like having a dedicated CSM at PartnerStack. They offer really tailored solutions to use cases you share with them. I had to share a review here because a few weeks ago our CSM Jenny received a BOOK of questions from me and she answered everything I needed in the same day . I was expecting at least a few day turnaround, but she was so attentive to our needs." Jackie A Business Development Manager VENDOR "I like the fact that PartnerStack allows you to fine-tune your affiliate programs in a very detailed way , create multi-level payout scenarios based on either flat rate or percentage, as well as create complex if-then conditions with triggers pertaining to the customer, transaction or partnership." George V Sales Manager VENDOR "PartnerStack is incredibly easy to use and very straightforward. The backend is simple and it makes it easy to keep partners engaged. The referral process is easy and utilizing this tool has positively impacted our partner program." Evan S Content and Social Media Strategist VENDOR "PartnerStack allows me to grow revenue streams while keeping partnerships with these companies running smoothly. Great service." Gary M Lecturer VENDOR “We have industry knowledge that helped, but the fact is without PartnerStack, there's no way we would have launched in three weeks.” Cory Snyder VP Sales and Partnerships at Maropost VENDOR “PartnerStack has been essential in building a scalable process for onboarding , engaging and rewarding partners, with a team that’s supported us immensely as we’ve grown partnerships into a major acquisition channel.” Anca Bujor Channel Partnerships Manager at Unbounce VENDOR "When it comes to managing multiple affiliate scheme memberships, PartnerStack is the best option . Unlike other providers in this space UI is intuitive, the reporting is easy to read and understand, and their marketplace feature makes it super easy for me to find other affiliate schemes to join - many other platforms don't make it this easy!" Andrew D Owner & Founder PARTNER "What I love most about PartnerStack is the easy-to-use navigational panel on the left-hand side. It contains all the information I would need for finding my links, promo codes, downloading a spreadsheet of sales and messaging center for communication with the company. I love that I can easily toggle the handful of companies I have affiliations." ‍ Sarah S Social Media Influencer PARTNER "Using PartnerStack is simple since each customer or program has the necessary resources to promote their product , as well as create personal referral links and be able to invite friends to participate in the challenges that each program gives." Smael E Affiliate Marketing PARTNER "PartnerStack has an amazing marketplace to join as an affiliate and to promote the products to the audience. It's one of the best affiliate platforms that we have right now to do partnerships that matter." Rohit A Founder & CEO PARTNER "PartnerStack is by far the most accessible platform to utilise , it's streamlined, and simple to earn with. I often don't promote other products, if they don't use the PartnerStack platform to manage their partnerships." Rohan G Consultant PARTNER "Using PartnerStack, one can partner with good companies, and create a serious business out of it . It's a great way to to systemize, automate, and scale your partner programs." Ranjana C Digital Marketing Specialist PARTNER "I like how the layout is very easy to follow and use. Super friendly. You can toggle easily between all the different platforms you use which keeps things very organized but everything is there in one place. You receive updates and notifications which helps you keep track and be in the know." Phil S Chief Revenue Officer PARTNER "I have tried different affiliate programs in the past and have always been disappointed by the lack of customer support. Now using PartnerStack, I can stay on track. If you have any issues or queries, they are always willing to assist you. The platform is user-friendly , simple to use & offers a large number of apps to choose form. The payment & incentive system is quick and good." Padam J Sales Manager PARTNER "I really like how well structured it is, makes it super easy for me to find everything I need within seconds . Also, I love how they made reading and understanding data and performances very simple (and on some other platforms I really struggled with that)." Olivera L Marketing Project Manager PARTNER "Our goal is to produce more leads, sales, and brand metrics and PartnerStack provides easy and quality tracking for all these things. It is very simple to get access to payments and find new partners for collaborations." Nick S Indoleads PARTNER "PartnerStack is a perfect platform for the affiliate marketer to earn money that is not possible in most common affiliate platforms like Amazon Affiliate Program. It has great SAAS companies that can pay you for a lifetime as long as the customer is active. I referred a client a year ago, still, I'm being paid. It is a thousand times better than Amazon." Amir M Founder PARTNER "PartnerStack have bought together some amazing brands for us to work with . It is easy to view reporting and work with custom urls." Linda R Founder PARTNER "It's been a seamless relationship with PartnerStack. They've really built a platform for technology partners and referral (affiliate) partners to thrive. The custom referral links have been a huge winner for the Create CX agency. I am a big fan of how straight forward the whole ecosystem is whether you're focusing on a few software partners or looking to expand into new fields, the PartnerStack network has it all." Leeor C Create CX PARTNER "Working with Ashley and Darryl from the partner success team at PartnerStack has been a great experience . From brainstorming sessions to facilitating introductions and speedy help unblocking problems, their willingness to help and expertise – were crucial in launching the affiliate portion of the Product Hunt Marketplace." Lanre A Product Hunt PARTNER "As a digital marketing consultant and blog owner, I recommend my favorite and reliable app to my clients and my blog visitors. I found that I can get benefits and commissions from lots of companies that I recommend. PartnerStack brings together most of the marketing tools and platforms in one place, with a beautiful and simple interface that shows performance , clicks, registrations and other important stats." Kotayba Bouzian Founder & Blogger at Digital Age Blog PARTNER "Their customer service is very good and affiliate products are very useful. Most of the programs in PartnerStack offer very good commission rates. They are attractive to promote and sell to a target audience. They have a program for all the online needs of a business, there is no looking back, it's a one-stop-shop for all your digital business needs ." Krishnamoorthy K Founder & Web Developer PARTNER "I use PartnerStack as a Partner (not a merchant - yet). PartnerStack is very easy to navigate. Easy to see how to get paid, easy to swap between the various merchants I promote, easy to see the analytics and it's VERY clear who exactly bought via my links . I have used many other affiliate platforms - ShareASale, CJ, Impact, LinkMink...the list goes on. PartnerStack is the best." Kathryn C Copywriter PARTNER "I use PartnerStack to promote a software tool that helps people create quizzes for their business. I use this software all the time, so it's a no-brainer for me to promote it, and PartnerStack makes it incredibly easy - I just share my unique affiliate link." Jo E Quiz Creator & Storytelling Coach PARTNER "PartnerStack consistently delivers on a top draw selection of leading companies for affiliate marketers in the SaaS space. You would be sure of connecting with many of the best providers from solely within the PartnerStack Marketplace.The PartnerStack interface is clean and easy to navigate, certainly not overwhelming, and this is very much in keeping with the UX/UI simplicity of the best SaaS." Glenn E Owner PARTNER "The thing that I like about PartnerStack is the wide variety of marketplaces that cover every niche. Also, t he ability to create custom links is a key feature that makes PartnerStack a promotion friendly platform." George G Graphic Designer PARTNER "I love the PartnerStack platform because it is so easy to signup with them. The portal is so easy to navigate when managing your partner programs. The partner programs they offer are amazing for business owners who are in need of business tools to run their businesses online. You can also make great commissions from the products you choose to promote through the PartnerStack platform." Angela G President & CEO PARTNER "The platform is very intuitive, and I can see in one place my stats, activity, and earnings. The connection to one of the payment providers was also frictionless!! I definitely will recommend it as your go-to referral platform . I was able to create a personalized referral link, which it's a plus!" David M Senior Director & Co-Founder PARTNER "I absolutely love this system! I've tried many other affiliate programs before and was always let down by the lack of support and communication. PartnerStack keeps me on track and makes sure that my efforts are not wasted. They are also extremely helpful if you ever have questions or concerns. I am very happy I found them!" Akhil Madikanti Marketing Consultant PARTNER "PartnerStack is an affiliate marketing platform that helps organizations improve revenue, leads, and conversions by using the benefits of partnerships and collaborations with other affiliate marketers. By enabling businesses to work with prominent SaaS firms like as Bambee, Brand24, Hello Bar & Subscribers, and many more, PartnerStack promotes brands and gives greater support to affiliates." Amar T Independent Affiliate PARTNER "What I love most about PartnerStack is the easy-to-use navigational panel on the left-hand side. It contains all the information I would need for finding my links, promo codes, downloading a spreadsheet of sales and messaging center for communication with the company. I love that I can easily toggle the handful of companies I have affiliations." ‍ Sarah S Social Media Influencer PARTNER "Using PartnerStack is simple since each customer or program has the necessary resources to promote their product , as well as create personal referral links and be able to invite friends to participate in the challenges that each program gives." Smael E Affiliate Marketing PARTNER "PartnerStack has an amazing marketplace to join as an affiliate and to promote the products to the audience. It's one of the best affiliate platforms that we have right now to do partnerships that matter." Rohit A Founder & CEO PARTNER "PartnerStack is by far the most accessible platform to utilise , it's streamlined, and simple to earn with. I often don't promote other products, if they don't use the PartnerStack platform to manage their partnerships." Rohan G Consultant PARTNER "Using PartnerStack, one can partner with good companies, and create a serious business out of it . It's a great way to to systemize, automate, and scale your partner programs." Ranjana C Digital Marketing Specialist PARTNER "I like how the layout is very easy to follow and use. Super friendly. You can toggle easily between all the different platforms you use which keeps things very organized but everything is there in one place. You receive updates and notifications which helps you keep track and be in the know." Phil S Chief Revenue Officer PARTNER "I have tried different affiliate programs in the past and have always been disappointed by the lack of customer support. Now using PartnerStack, I can stay on track. If you have any issues or queries, they are always willing to assist you. The platform is user-friendly , simple to use & offers a large number of apps to choose form. The payment & incentive system is quick and good." Padam J Sales Manager PARTNER "I really like how well structured it is, makes it super easy for me to find everything I need within seconds . Also, I love how they made reading and understanding data and performances very simple (and on some other platforms I really struggled with that)." Olivera L Marketing Project Manager PARTNER "Our goal is to produce more leads, sales, and brand metrics and PartnerStack provides easy and quality tracking for all these things. It is very simple to get access to payments and find new partners for collaborations." Nick S Indoleads PARTNER "PartnerStack is a perfect platform for the affiliate marketer to earn money that is not possible in most common affiliate platforms like Amazon Affiliate Program. It has great SAAS companies that can pay you for a lifetime as long as the customer is active. I referred a client a year ago, still, I'm being paid. It is a thousand times better than Amazon." Amir M Founder PARTNER "PartnerStack have bought together some amazing brands for us to work with . It is easy to view reporting and work with custom urls." Linda R Founder PARTNER "It's been a seamless relationship with PartnerStack. They've really built a platform for technology partners and referral (affiliate) partners to thrive. The custom referral links have been a huge winner for the Create CX agency. I am a big fan of how straight forward the whole ecosystem is whether you're focusing on a few software partners or looking to expand into new fields, the PartnerStack network has it all." Leeor C Create CX PARTNER "Working with Ashley and Darryl from the partner success team at PartnerStack has been a great experience . From brainstorming sessions to facilitating introductions and speedy help unblocking problems, their willingness to help and expertise – were crucial in launching the affiliate portion of the Product Hunt Marketplace." Lanre A Product Hunt PARTNER "As a digital marketing consultant and blog owner, I recommend my favorite and reliable app to my clients and my blog visitors. I found that I can get benefits and commissions from lots of companies that I recommend. PartnerStack brings together most of the marketing tools and platforms in one place, with a beautiful and simple interface that shows performance , clicks, registrations and other important stats." Kotayba Bouzian Founder & Blogger at Digital Age Blog PARTNER "Their customer service is very good and affiliate products are very useful. Most of the programs in PartnerStack offer very good commission rates. They are attractive to promote and sell to a target audience. They have a program for all the online needs of a business, there is no looking back, it's a one-stop-shop for all your digital business needs ." Krishnamoorthy K Founder & Web Developer PARTNER "I use PartnerStack as a Partner (not a merchant - yet). PartnerStack is very easy to navigate. Easy to see how to get paid, easy to swap between the various merchants I promote, easy to see the analytics and it's VERY clear who exactly bought via my links . I have used many other affiliate platforms - ShareASale, CJ, Impact, LinkMink...the list goes on. PartnerStack is the best." Kathryn C Copywriter PARTNER "I use PartnerStack to promote a software tool that helps people create quizzes for their business. I use this software all the time, so it's a no-brainer for me to promote it, and PartnerStack makes it incredibly easy - I just share my unique affiliate link." Jo E Quiz Creator & Storytelling Coach PARTNER "PartnerStack consistently delivers on a top draw selection of leading companies for affiliate marketers in the SaaS space. You would be sure of connecting with many of the best providers from solely within the PartnerStack Marketplace.The PartnerStack interface is clean and easy to navigate, certainly not overwhelming, and this is very much in keeping with the UX/UI simplicity of the best SaaS." Glenn E Owner PARTNER "The thing that I like about PartnerStack is the wide variety of marketplaces that cover every niche. Also, t he ability to create custom links is a key feature that makes PartnerStack a promotion friendly platform." George G Graphic Designer PARTNER "I love the PartnerStack platform because it is so easy to signup with them. The portal is so easy to navigate when managing your partner programs. The partner programs they offer are amazing for business owners who are in need of business tools to run their businesses online. You can also make great commissions from the products you choose to promote through the PartnerStack platform." Angela G President & CEO PARTNER "The platform is very intuitive, and I can see in one place my stats, activity, and earnings. The connection to one of the payment providers was also frictionless!! I definitely will recommend it as your go-to referral platform . I was able to create a personalized referral link, which it's a plus!" David M Senior Director & Co-Founder PARTNER "I absolutely love this system! I've tried many other affiliate programs before and was always let down by the lack of support and communication. PartnerStack keeps me on track and makes sure that my efforts are not wasted. They are also extremely helpful if you ever have questions or concerns. I am very happy I found them!" Akhil Madikanti Marketing Consultant PARTNER "PartnerStack is an affiliate marketing platform that helps organizations improve revenue, leads, and conversions by using the benefits of partnerships and collaborations with other affiliate marketers. By enabling businesses to work with prominent SaaS firms like as Bambee, Brand24, Hello Bar & Subscribers, and many more, PartnerStack promotes brands and gives greater support to affiliates." Amar T Independent Affiliate Frequently asked questions FAQs for customers What does PartnerStack do? PartnerStack accelerates the growth of your partner ecosystem by simplifying every step of your partnerships journey. How long does it take to onboard to PartnerStack? PartnerStack customers go live with new partnership programs in just 74 days. How many active partners are in the PartnerStack Network? PartnerStack has 131K+ active partners and counting. See the real-time data. GET STARTED WITH PARTNERSTACK Connect. Earn. Grow. Build powerful B2B partnerships that fuel growth and drive revenue. Vendors Empower your partners. Accelerate growth. Manage relationships and grow your ecosystem with top-notch partners. Book a demo See how it works PARTNERS & PUBLISHERS Earn more with the best B2B SaaS brands Partner with top software brands and start earning commissions. Join the network Learn more GENERAL Marketplace Company Hiring Resources Legal Security Help center PRODUCT Book a demo Pricing New releases Integrations Docs Status SOLUTIONS For Enterprise For Affiliates For B2B Influencers For Growth Teams For Co-selling Answer Engine Optimization MORE Our partner program Refer PartnerStack & earn Partner directory Partner playbook Partnerships glossary Events 100K Active Partners Success! Thank you for subscribing. OK Cancel Try partner recruitment or ecosystems