MiniTool Partition Wizard | Best partition magic alternative for Windows PC and Server Partition Wizard MiniTool Products Disk & Data Manager Partition Wizard Power Data Recovery ShadowMaker Media Toolkit MovieMaker uTube Downloader Video Converter Support About Store For Home Partition Wizard Free Partition Wizard Pro Partition Wizard Bootable For Business Feature What's New Comparison Resource User Manual Resize Partition Clone Disk Disk Recovery Download Partition Wizard Free Edition: Download Pro Edition: Try Demo Server Edition: Try Demo New Update MiniTool Partition Wizard 13.5 What's New Clear out duplicate files to instantly free up storage space. Enjoy a smoother user interface for a better experience. Boost software performance by fixing known issues. Home User Partition Wizard Free Partition Wizard Pro Business User What Exactly Is MiniTool Partition Wizard? All-in-one Disk Partition Manager As best partition manager for Windows, MiniTool Partition Wizard aims to maximize disk performance. It helps create/resize/format partition flexibly, convert disk between MBR and GPT disks, convert partition between NTFS and FAT32, and convert dynamic disk to basic without data loss in a few clicks. Smart Duplicate Files Cleaner New Feature Duplicate Cleaner can quickly locate and remove duplicate files on your PC and external drives, instantly freeing up storage space. It helps you effortlessly identify unnecessary copies hiding in every folder, clean up clutter, and make room for new data. Effective Data Recovery Program MiniTool partition manager software offers two perfect solutions for data recovery. Partition Recovery Wizard can find and recover the lost partitions while Data Recovery feature can recognize and recover lost/deleted files from damaged, formatted, inaccessible FAT/NTFS/exFAT drives and Desktop/Recycle Bin/specified folders. ( Which edition should you get for Data Recovery? ) Powerful Disk Clone Tool Disk clone or system migration is most frequently used to back up and upgrade hard drive. Disk cloning works perfectly when you are forced to make an instant backup. System migration returns you to act on the new disk in a while. No need to spend hours reinstalling operating system and applications. Striking Disk Diagnostic Master As comprehensive disk check master, MiniTool Partition Wizard can measure disk read/write speed, analyze disk usage on computer, verify the file system integrity of a volume and fix logical file system errors, and quickly detect if there are bad sectors on the drive. Get Partition Wizard Who Is Using MiniTool Partition Wizard? Home and Home Office Today most home and home office users choose MiniTool Partition Wizard to redistribute hard drives and convert disk partition within simple steps. Server Users Server users always rate MiniTool Partition Wizard as their first choice for it bolsters data security protection and boosts server performance. Enterprise Users For enterprises and technicians, more editions are provided so that they are able to deploy MiniTool Partition Wizard on multiple computers. Why MiniTool Partition Wizard? Trusted by Millions of Editors and Clients Reviews (24) Windows's built-in disk management utility does an adequate job of letting you manage your PC's partitions, but if you want to perform a deeper dive into your PC's hard drive (or drives!), check out MiniTool Partition Wizard... BY JEFFREY L. WILSON MiniTool’s Partition Wizard is an ideal tool that’ll help you manage the files on your PC more resourcefully, and is suitable for both individual and enterprise use. BY STEFAN IONESCU Global MiniTool Partition Wizard Installations 100+ Million Guides & Tips [Fixed] Delete Key Not Working in Windows 10 Lots of people complain that the Delete key refuses to work in Windows 10. How to fix the issue? This post lists some solutions to the issue. → Fix: The Device Has Either Stopped Responding or Is Disconnected Have you come across the device has either stopped responding or is disconnected error? This post summarizes several effective troubleshooting methods for you. → How to Hide and Unhide a Song on Spotify? How to unhide a song on Spotify? If you can’t find a song in your playlist, you might need this guide that introduces solutions for Android, iOS, and PC users. → Windows 10 Snipping Tool Not Working: How to Fix? Some users report that the Snipping Tool doesn’t work. Why does the issue happen? How to get rid of the issue? These questions are discussed in this post. → Btrfs vs Ext4: Which One Should I Use? This post explains Btrfs vs Ext4 to you, telling you their advantages. Then, you can know which file system is suitable for you. → The Step-by-Step Guide on How to Reset Windows Store With Windows Store, you can download various apps. However, Windows Store may get stuck while downloading or updating apps. Then you should reset Windows Store. → Products MiniTool Partition Wizard Free Edition MiniTool Partition Wizard Pro Edition MiniTool Partition Wizard Server Edition MiniTool Partition Wizard Bootable Compare Editions Resource Resize Partition Partition Manager Partition Magic Disk Recovery Clone Disk Support Software FAQ Online Help Reviews Follow Us Language English Deutsch Français 日本語 Terms & Conditions | Privacy North America, Canada, Unit 170 - 422, Richards Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6B 2Z4 Asia, Hong Kong, Suite 820,8/F., Ocean Centre, Harbour City, 5 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon Copyright © MiniTool® Software Limited, All Rights Reserved.