Pasadena Star-News: Local News, Sports, Things to Do Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 52°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 e-Edition Home Page News News Crime and Public Safety Investigative Reporting Election Politics Health Environment Business Best Reviews Jobs Housing Weather Local News Local News Pasadena San Marino Altadena San Gabriel Alhambra Monrovia Arcadia Temple City Monterey Park South Pasadena Duarte Rosemead Sierra Madre El Monte South El Monte Los Angeles Los Angeles County Sports Sports LA Varsity Chargers Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels College Sports UCLA Sports USC Sports Kings Ducks Olympics Boxing/MMA Soccer Horse Racing Things To Do Things To Do Restaurants Food and Drink Amusement Parks Movies Music + Concerts Theater TV and Streaming Home + Garden Travel Comics Events Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Opinion Editorials Opinion Columns Commentary Letters to the Editor Editorial Board Endorsements SCNG Premium Sponsored Content Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint The T.E.A. Subscribe Star-News Store Log In Logout Get the latest news delivered daily! Sign Up Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Get the latest news delivered daily! Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search Pasadena Star News 52°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 e-Edition News Local News Sports Things to Do Obituaries Opinion The T.E.A. Trending: Free holiday events 🎄 Holiday ice rinks ⛸ The Rose Parade🌹 Rose float audio removed Dodgers Gifts Featured Seal Beach man who died in Mt. Baldy fall was home for the holidays, freshman at Santa Clara University The two other men found dead near Casanova have not been identified yet. Related 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say 1 day ago Rose Parade, Rose Bowl game to honor fire victims, survivors with floats, vintage fire engines Pasadena gets a steady dose of New Year’s Eve rain, a precursor to likely showers on Rose Parade Southern California storm could be largest in LA on New Year’s Day since 1934 Sprinkles Cupcakes closing all stores New Year’s Eve Latest Headlines LA County ratifies rainstorm emergency, as flooding, mud, and debris flow damage costs rise 6 hours ago DOJ backs down in fight over California National Guard deployment in Los Angeles 8 hours ago A new perspective: Rose Parade announces first-ever TikTok livestream 10 hours ago WATCH: Bandfest 2025 returns to Pasadena City College 9 hours ago California owners lost $33,000 in home equity in a year 10 hours ago A stretch of Angeles Crest Highway is closed after severe damage in 4 spots 6 hours ago How your key fob could help a thief steal your car 1 day ago Get the latest news delivered daily! Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular Rose Parade 2026 lineup: Your guide to every float, band and equestrian unit, in order Rose Parade 2026 lineup: Your guide to every float, band and equestrian unit, in order Rose Parade organizers are reaching for more audience via livestreaming. It’s working, they say Rose Parade organizers are reaching for more audience via livestreaming. It’s working, they say With rain forecast for the Rose Parade, Pasadena says no umbrellas allowed along route, urging ponchos instead With rain forecast for the Rose Parade, Pasadena says no umbrellas allowed along route, urging ponchos instead Shhhh! It’s looking like rain on the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game on Jan. 1 Shhhh! It’s looking like rain on the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game on Jan. 1 Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say Reminder: Rose Bowl Game starts an hour earlier on Jan. 1 Reminder: Rose Bowl Game starts an hour earlier on Jan. 1 The Rose Parade has been canceled before. Here’s why and what happened The Rose Parade has been canceled before. Here’s why and what happened Rose Parade survival guide: What you need to know before you go Rose Parade survival guide: What you need to know before you go Your last-minute guide to the 2026 Rose Parade Your last-minute guide to the 2026 Rose Parade Rose Parade Rose Parade 2026 lineup: Your guide to every float, band and equestrian unit, in order While watching the New Year’s Day floral extravaganza, you can track and learn about all... With a new kind of bloom, Woodland Hills attorney turns baseballs into ornamental roses A century-old LA business helps bring Rose Parade floats their floral finesse Tournament of Roses, its own team hit hard by January wildfires, steps up to buoy recovery Crime and Public Safety Cal Fire firefighter dies while fighting house fire in Riverside County The firefighter, identified as engineer Danny Cook, suffered what was described as a medical emergency, Cal Fire said. 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say Wayne C. Clayton, El Monte’s police chief for 22 years, dies at age 93 Another storm set to hit Southern California around New Year’s Day. Will it be as bad as the Christmas rain? Local News ‘Mr. Bill’s’ weather station was lost in Altadena fire, but no one has forgotten its significance One of the more unusual things lost in the Eaton fire in Altadena was a weather station at a home of someone who calls himself "Mr. Bill." Judge orders city of Monterey Park to turn over crime stats in mass shooting lawsuit After Eaton fire ignited, her out-of-print Altadena history book was in high demand. A year later, it’s back Nature is rebounding a year after January’s fires, as plants, wildlife – and even a waterfall – thrive wildfires From Craftsman style to modern and minimalist, a year into post-fire rebuild a vision emerges Housing options vary from relocating condemned houses, craning in factory builds and shopping plans from catalogs. Column: Eaton fire disaster response was an outpouring of love to pets ‘Worst year ever’: Storm hits businesses in Altadena’s Mariposa Junction, drawing waves of helpers Record levels of holiday drivers expected; be careful out there amid storms in Southern California Top Posts & Pages Rose Parade 2026 lineup: Your guide to every float, band and equestrian unit, in order Rose Parade 2026 lineup: Your guide to every float, band and equestrian unit, in order Rose Parade organizers are reaching for more audience via livestreaming. It’s working, they say Rose Parade organizers are reaching for more audience via livestreaming. It’s working, they say With rain forecast for the Rose Parade, Pasadena says no umbrellas allowed along route, urging ponchos instead With rain forecast for the Rose Parade, Pasadena says no umbrellas allowed along route, urging ponchos instead Shhhh! It’s looking like rain on the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game on Jan. 1 Shhhh! It’s looking like rain on the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game on Jan. 1 Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say Reminder: Rose Bowl Game starts an hour earlier on Jan. 1 Reminder: Rose Bowl Game starts an hour earlier on Jan. 1 login login The Rose Parade has been canceled before. Here’s why and what happened The Rose Parade has been canceled before. Here’s why and what happened Rose Parade survival guide: What you need to know before you go Rose Parade survival guide: What you need to know before you go Photos Rams lose to Seahawks in OT thriller, fall out of 1st place in NFC West The Rams fail to stop Sam Darnold and Seattle from mounting a fourth-quarter comeback, and the hosts win on a two-point conversion, 38-37, to grab the division lead with two weeks left in the regular season. Rams clinch playoff spot with comeback win over Lions Rams thump Cardinals to stay tied atop NFC West Hollywood’s parade rolls out the holidays anew for Angelenos Rams make case as NFC favorites with demolition of Buccaneers The Los Angeles Auto Show drew thousands on Friday at LA Convention Center Rams’ cathartic win over Seahawks is moment team can build on Show More Photos Storm slowly moves into Southern California, with wettest weather yet to come Dodgers celebrate back-to-back World Series titles with eyes on ‘Three-peat’ PHOTOS: Dodgers outlast Blue Jays for back-to-back World Series titles Día de los Muertos events across SoCal remain persistent despite worries of ICE raids PHOTOS: Dodgers top Blue Jays in 18-inning World Series Game 3 Opinion Proposed California wealth tax is absurd and must be defeated We will be very fortunate if the proposal fails to make it to the ballot,... Larry Wilson: Pasadena steps into New Year’s Day with a little water on it The High-Speed Rail Authority wants to hear from you, so let them hear it Newsom’s affordability moves are mostly smoke and mirrors Sports Indiana and Alabama embrace Rose Bowl tradition – but there’s more The No. 1 Hoosiers and No. 9 Crimson Tide understand the significance of the New... Alexander: Fourth-quarter blowout exposes Lakers USC’s Lincoln Riley does his best to manage Alamo Bowl loss Rams open tight end Tyler Higbee’s practice window Things To Do LAPD places security hold on medical examiner’s report in Reiner murders A security hold has been placed on "important information" in the slayings of Rob Reiner... Six Flags Magic Mountain 2026: All the seasonal events, food festivals and holiday parties Here are 5 LA County restaurants where you can order mocktails for Dry January Travel: These new cruise ships will set sail in 2026 Holidays Christmas is over, but what to do with the tree? These landfill alternatives can also help your garden Some 10 million live Christmas trees end up in landfills every year. Free fun things to do on New Year’s Eve in Southern California A beginner’s guide to Kwanzaa Frumpy Mom: You tell about your worst holiday gifts ever immigration Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes The announcement comes after the $300 million scheme at the nonprofit Feeding Our Future. Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants ICE doesn’t plan to detain Abrego Garcia again as long as judge’s order banning it stands Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers Donald Trump Trump vilifies Kennedy family hours after Tatiana Schlossberg’s death No sooner had John F. Kennedy’s granddaughter died of leukemia at age 35, than President... Chief Justice says Constitution remains ‘firm and unshaken’ with major Supreme Court rulings ahead US imposes sanctions on 4 Venezuelan oil firms and 4 more tankers in Maduro crackdown Farmers can now learn how much aid they will get from the Trump administration Best Reviews The best doormats to keep floors clean There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,... Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Level up with the best Dell desktop computer The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Events Subscribe Sign Up For Newsletters e-Edition Breaking News Advertising Solutions Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist Request Media Kit Creative Services Content Marketing About Pasadena Star News Digital Subscription FAQ About Southern California News Group MediaNews Group Work With Us Privacy Policy Accessibility News Archive Partners Live Traffic Map Newspapers in Education Sponsor a Student Marketplace Classified Legals Obituary Local Job Board Contact Us Corrections Reader Rewards Photo Reprints Sponsored Access Star-News Store Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2026 MediaNews Group Close