Solutions
Use Cases
Resources
Pricing
Partner
Support
Sign In
Demo
ENDPOINT MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE
Automate Third-Party Patch Management in Microsoft ConfigMgr and Intune

Install thousands of apps with a few clicks and let us discover, test and package updates for you.

4.8
500+ reviews
Book a Demo
Request a Quote
Trusted by over 8,600 Enterprises on Over 26.5 Million Endpoints
Three solutions to resolve all of your security, compliance, cost, and stability headaches with automation
Patch Management

Manual patching wastes time, risks errors, and leaves systems vulnerable for longer. Our automated solutions for ConfigMgr, Intune, and WSUS deliver secure, efficient, and error-free updates.

Save Time
Increase Security
Mitigate Risk
Simplify Complexity
Learn more
Application Management

Manual application management drains resources and delays progress. Our solutions automate the application lifecycle, integrating with ConfigMgr and Intune to streamline and accelerate rollouts.

Quick App Creation
Seamless Integration
Minimal Training Required
Fast Deployment
Learn More
Endpoint Analytics

Traditional reporting tools fail to deliver the insights you need, leaving your devices vulnerable and performance unclear. Our solutions sift through data to reveal threats, trends, and real-time risks.

User-Friendly Dashboards
Advanced Device Insights
Real-Time Patch Compliance
Actionable Risk Mitigation
Vulnerability/Threat Analytics
Learn More
8,600
Customers
26.5
Million Devices
3034
Supported Products
How can Patch My PC help you

By automating the patch management process, you no longer need to manually search for, package, and install applications and updates, saving valuable time and resources.

Products

Deep dive into our products and offerings.

Roles

Whether IT professional or MSP we’ve got what you’re looking for.

Popular Features

Common Intune and ConfigMgr missing features that PMPC easily resolves.

Technology

Find out our solutions and products based on the technology you’re using

Products that get you there
Advanced Insights

Converting complex ConfigMgr report information into delightfully eye-catching visuals.

Learn More
Intune Apps for Patch My PC Cloud

One SaaS portal to manage all application updates.

Learn More
Patch My PC Publisher

The comprehensive solution for managing third-party application updates in your enterprise environment.

Learn More
What Customers Say About our products
View All Reviews
The best way to deploy and update third-party apps on Windows
What do you like best about the product?Whether your Windows machines are managed with Intune or SCCM, Patch My PC is the easiest, most flexible way to deploy and update third-party apps. Features like custom pre- and post-install scripts and disabling built-in updaters help distinguish the product from its competitors. However, the responsive and helpful support team is what really sets Patch My PC apart.What…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
29/11/2022
Ryan Steele
The Best Third-Party Patching Service and SCCM Guidance!
What do you like best about the product?I've used various tools for deploying third-party patching tools such as Chocolatey or something built into an RMM, but none perform as well as Patch My PC. I've used Patch My PC with Intune and SCCM and the experience with them was terrific. You can customize so many options when it comes to deploying updates and what the…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
12/05/2023
Dan Slauter
Reliable, seamless patching integration with low management overhead
What do you like best about the product?We have never had a problem with PatchMyPC in all the years we've used it. It is a great tool that integrates with our existing patching deployments. We are a very lean organization, and maintaining another tool outside of MECM to patch 3rd party apps would have been a dealbreaker. With PatchMyPC, we just integrated the patches into…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
13/10/2022
Harlan Gross
Patch My PC has made our software catalog simple to maintain and up to date
The software is very well polished. PMPC has thought of everything you may need to adjust settings wise and has an option for configuration. The supported software catalog out of the box was extensive which allows us to utilize PMPC for as many software packages as possible. Set up and use of the product is extremely easy and the agent (Kristee) that assisted with the…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
18/10/2024
James Henry
Made life easy
What do you like best about the product?We have been a no patching workplace for a very long time and now that we have the right people in the correct positions patching has been our primary focus. Coming from a no patching workplace, Patch My PC has made this so easy to us to make sure everything is up to date. The ease of use…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
14/04/2023
Jim Richard
Deploying PMPC in the Enterprise for the first time
What do you like best about the product?PMPC possesses a very intuitive scanning ability to determine what applications you're already running and can easily add them to your existing or new patching groups/ADRs. This gives me the flexibility to cover a variety of software titles and automate those patches while manually targeting higher priority targets.What do you dislike about the product?We're still underway…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
02/11/2022
Richard Sheridan
Awesome Third Party Application Management
What do you like best about the product?PMPC was very easy to use and was linked into our MECM environment in no time, allowing us to see all the products we had that could be managed by PMPC. A few Automatic Deployment rules later, and we were updating software that usually would have taken days to get sorted.What do you dislike about the product?It would…
Read the full Patch My PC review
    
23/11/2021
Sean Firmston
Ready to get started?

See how automated application installations and updates can make your life easier.

Book a Demo
Try For Free