Patek Philippe Official Site | Luxury Watches for Men & Ladies | Patek Philippe Skip to main content Menu Play Video 0:00 / 0:00 The Art of Gemsetting Where watchmaking meets Haute Joaillerie. Our gemsetters practice an extremely delicate art, which requires skills that are further refined over time. Our Gemsetting Play Video 0:00 / 0:00 "Watch Art" Grand Exhibition Milan 2026 In 2026, Patek Philippe celebrates its watchmaking tradition and offers an immersive experience into its world and history in the heart of Milan. Discover more Play Video 0:00 / 0:00 Gondolo Serata A novelty set with spessartites and featuring a sapphire crystal dial adorned with a zebra motif. Discover more The power of independence The last family-owned Genevan manufacture Owned by the Stern family since 1932, our Manufacture benefits from full creative freedom, which allows us to design, develop and craft watches that connoisseurs consider to be the world's finest - as pledged by our founders Antoine Norbert de Patek and Jean Adrien Philippe. Our Values Spanning over 133,650 square meters, our ultra-modern production facility based in Geneva features state-of-the-art CNC machinery. All the watch parts we produce are hand finished, not only for aesthetic purposes but also to increase the performance and durability of our watches. While some of our employees work with Silinvar®, a silicon derivative with revolutionary watchmaking characteristics that we first pioneered... ... others perpetuate the timeless gestures and deftness of touch that have always distinguished Genevan watchmaking artistry, for example with miniature painting on enamel. A long-term vision Innovation and Tradition We have been pursuing traditional Genevan watchmaking artistry without interruption since 1839, safeguarding rare handcrafts, such as enameling and guillochage that would have otherwise disappeared. At the same time, we nurture a tradition of innovation, relying on the latest technologies to further push the boundaries of watchmaking. Advanced Research Rare Handcrafts Preserving for the Future the patek philippe museum Assembling one of the world's most extraordinary watch collections, our Museum showcases our legacy and represents an inexhaustible source of inspiration for our designers and artists. The Museum Our collections We have over 150 references in regular production, manufactured in limited quantity to ensure they respect the extremely high quality standards of the Patek Philippe Seal. Discover our collections Our commitment to service At Patek Philippe, we pledge to service, repair, or restore any timepiece produced by our manufacture since 1839, regardless of its age. Discover more Points of Sale Visit our international network of authorized points of sales and benefit from expert guidance on the purchase and care of your Patek Philippe timepiece. Find stores nearby Manufacture Our values The founders Patek Philippe The Stern family Anchored in Geneva and Switzerland The finest timepieces in the world The Patek Philippe Sound Calendar watches Our dials Rare Handcrafts Advanced Research Watch Art Grand Exhibitions The Generations campaign The Patek Philippe books Collection Find your timepiece Grand Complications Complications Calatrava Gondolo Golden Ellipse Cubitus Nautilus Aquanaut Twenty~4 Pocket Watches Movements Jewelry & Accessories Service Our commitment to service Taking care of your watch Instructions for use Settings Service Centers Order an Archives Extract Register your watch Report a watch theft Museum The Patek Philippe Museum Plan your visit Points of Sale Salons and Maisons Boutiques and Retailers Contact Frequently Asked Questions Careers - join us Press Manufacture Our values The founders Patek Philippe The Stern family Anchored in Geneva and Switzerland The finest timepieces in the world The Patek Philippe Sound Calendar watches Our dials Rare Handcrafts Advanced Research Watch Art Grand Exhibitions The Generations campaign The Patek Philippe books Collection Find your timepiece Grand Complications Complications Calatrava Gondolo Golden Ellipse Cubitus Nautilus Aquanaut Twenty~4 Pocket Watches Movements Jewelry & Accessories Service Our commitment to service Taking care of your watch Instructions for use Settings Service Centers Order an Archives Extract Register your watch Report a watch theft Museum The Patek Philippe Museum Plan your visit Points of Sale Salons and Maisons Boutiques and Retailers Contact Frequently Asked Questions Careers - join us Press English Glossary Cookie Settings Legal Notices Privacy Notice Reduce motion