Pathao - #1 Super App in Bangladesh - Ridesharing and More! Download App Earn With Pathao Earn With Bike Become a Rider Earn With Car Become a Captain Earn With Cycle Become a Cyclist Download Pathao Drive app Services Bike Beat the Traffic, Save Time Car Travel in Comfort, at Your Convenience Food Fastest Food Delivery services in Town Courier Reliable Delivery for Your Business Parcel On Demand Delivery at Your Doorstep Rentals Simplify Your Travel with Affordable Car Rentals Pathao Shop Your One-stop Shop Pathao Pay The future of money Download User App Download Drive App Help User Help Center Rider/Captain/Cyclist Help Center Merchant Help Center Walk-In Support Centers (WIS) How to join Pathao Send a message Helpline 09678100800 Blog More ◉ Download App About Us Pathao Rentals NEW Press Releases Press Coverage Press Kit Pathao for Business Pay Later Pathao Health Pathao Points Pathao Safety Contact Ridesharing Guidelines Pathao Safety Coverage Pathao Fest Pathao Pay ENG English বাংলা #1 SUPER APP OF THE COUNTRY One app, all services at your fingertips. Earn with Pathao Download App 15 Million+ App Downloads 350 Million+ Trips/Orders Served 10 Million+ Lives Impacted The Pathao Platform Here’s everything Pathao offers just for you! Bike Car Food Parcel Pay Beat Traffic, Save Time Nothing beats traffic like Pathao Bikes and you know it! Save time, save money and reach your destination on time. We Got You Covered Our rides are insured, so you can rely on us to provide you with the safest rides. Always Available Be it early in the morning or late in the night, our trained riders are always available to provide you with the best service! Learn More Travel at Your Convenience Budget tight? Try Pathao Car Lite! Want to travel in AC? Use Pathao Car Plus! Comfort With Affordability With Pathao’s rate, even if you choose to travel in Car Plus you’ll be traveling with ease and comfort that is affordable. Hasslefree and Quick With just a few clicks on the app, you can find a car easily, in minutes. Learn More Fastest Delivery Get your food delivered in less than an hour! That’s as fast as it can get. So Much to Choose From With 4000+ restaurants to choose from in Dhaka & Chattogram, pick any cuisine you want on Pathao’s food section. Offers You Can’t Refuse With combos and offers no one can beat, Pathao partners up with restaurants to give you the best combos in the best prices! Learn More On Demand Delivery Left your charger or keys at home? Have it delivered to you on Pathao Parcel, without any hassle! Trust Us You can trust us to deliver your most confidential documents to the desired place absolutely intact right on time! Emergency? Deliver via Parcel! With Pathao Parcel, you can get your item in the quickest time. Because your emergencies are Parcel’s biggest concern! Learn More Transact how you want From split checks to last-minute top-ups, your money moves the way you want! Access funds when you need Stuck at checkout? Access funds just when you need it! Manage funds how you should Effortlessly track and manage every financial move. Learn More Every Steps of the Way #HereWithYou! The Safest Platform We care about your safety. And to ensure it, we’ve introduced safety coverage for all of our users, rides & captains. Your safety is our first priority. Read More We Care About You We believe in providing safety and support. Pathao is the only platform with a rapid response team, call centre support, safety coverage, live location share, and more! #HereWithYou every step of the way. Read More Earn with your car, bike or bicycle Become a captain, rider or foodman on the highest earning platform! Start Earning Download the app Download now & avail all of our services through the app Pathao User App Pathao Drive App Making Headlines Pathao on Forbes Asia 100 to Watch Pathao, a leading Consumer Tech Super App in Bangladesh, offers ride-hailing, food delivery, e-commerce, logistics & fintech, serving millions across the region View Article Driving Change Across Borders: Pathao is Reimagining Lifestyles in South Asia Pathao is the biggest ride-hailing company in Bangladesh and Nepal. Few startups in South Asia have managed to expand regionally, let alone also lead those markets. View Article Pathao's $12M Funding Boosts Its Transition into Fintech Services This investment takes Pathao’s total capital raised to upwards of $50 million — the largest by a pre-series B start-up in Bangladesh. View Article Here With You: A Promise of Convenience and Trust This brand mark serves as our promise to simplify your life, and to be your enduring companion in all of life's journey. Pathao is always Here With You. View Article Pathao's 'Ogrojatrar Ogrodoot' Salutes Bangladesh's Dream Chasers! The newly launched ‘Ogrojatrar Ogrodoot’ celebrates people who are chasing their dreams and setting new standards in their fields along the way. View Article Start delivering products using Pathao courier Trusted & Reliable Delivery For Your Business Explore Courier From the Blog Go to Blog Product Updates October 9, 2025 Bangladesh’s Number 1 Super App, Pathao Turns 10 Product Updates October 9, 2024 Maximize Your Savings with Pathao Points Pathao Car September 24, 2024 Pathao Introduces Pathao Car Prime and Pathao Car Max Platform Pathao Bike Pathao Car Pathao Food Pathao Shop Pathao Parcel Pathao Courier Pathao Rentals NEW Pathao Pay NEW Pathao Maps BETA Earn Earn With Bike Earn With Car Earn With Cycle Merchant Courier Merchant Sign Up Courier Merchant Login Car Admiral Login Resto Merchant Sign Up Resto Merchant Login Help Walk in Support Centers User Help Centers Rider Help Center Merchant Help Center Helpline 09678100800 Emergency Helpline 13301 About Us Blog Press Contact Safety Terms of Service User App Drive App Region BD (BN) Go to top DBID No: 523769198 Privacy Policy Made with in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Pathao and the Pathao logo are trademarks of Pathao Ltd. © 2015-2026 Pathao Ltd. All rights reserved.