Path Network Enterprise Security Consulting About News Contact Hiring Under Attack? Get Help Now! Open Menu Enterprise Security Consulting About News Contact Close Menu Stateful DDoS Mitigation Path has deployed one of the largest Layers 3 through 7 mitigation platforms. Advanced XDP technology, patented stateful cloud firewall, and 12 Tbps global
        network capacity for ultimate DDoS defense. Our Customers Include Awards Global anycast network Path operates a 12Tbps network capacity deployed over 22 of the biggest internet hubs in the world.
      Once connected to Path network, customers’ subnets are advertised from all network nodes hence the DDoS attacks are filtered and stopped in the scrubbing center that is closer to the source of the attack. Stateful mitigation Our patented stateful mitigation technology is capable of blocking unsolicited or illegitimate traffic by tracking network communications and intelligently determining whether or not a given packet should be permitted based on previously observed activity. Revolutionizing uptime with XDP We utilize powerful analytic tools combined with high-performance eBPF based XDP (eXpress Data Path) programs for line-rate packet filtering, the fastest way to detect and manage unwanted traffic in your network. FAST AND EASY SETUP Our DDoS mitigation services can be easily setup same day, without the need for any additional hardware or software. This translates to less downtime when under attacks and misconfiguration during setup. OPEN-SOURCE MULTI-LAYER SECURITY Our multi-layered, open-source security stack means thousands of experts have reviewed the code used to build our network and security foundation. This is the only way to ensure that our service has the least amount of vulnerabilities possible. PRICING THAT MAKES SENSE Sometimes it feels like security companies take advantage of those targeted by DDoS attacks by charging premium "under attack fees." Path Network offers affordable protection without taking advantage of those in an unfortunate situation. TIER 3, 24X7 SUPPORT Path has around the clock personalized support from experienced staff members. We offer clients a variety of communication methods such as phone, e-mail, and live chat to ensure any issues you face are solved as quickly and efficiently as possible. Get In Touch Copyright © 2023 All Rights Reserved by Path Network, Inc. Privacy Policy | (602) 704-3001