Skip to main content
Search
Home
Health advice
Medicines and treatment
Tools and resources
Community
Medical professionals
Health information you can trust

Explore clear, trusted advice from UK doctors and experts.

Doctor approved
NHS recommended
Regularly updated

Currently trending
Essential hypertension
Lower respiratory tract
Non-diabetic hyperglycaemia
UTI
Low back pain
Abdominal pain
Chronic kidney disease
Type 2 diabetes

Our clinical information meets NHS England's Information Standard. Read our editorial policy.

Mental health
How to avoid stress over Christmas and the New Year

Many of us see the festive period as a time for celebrating, but it can easily feel overwhelming. From spending money on presents to non-stop social obligations and extended time with family, Christmas can easily become exhausting and stressful.

by Lynn Stephen

General health and lifestyle

How to stay warm this winter

This winter, many of us are feeling wary about turning up the thermostat. High energy prices and the strain on household finances mean that many people are being forced to cut costs. But while it’s important to keep an eye on the finances, it's also essential to consider our health and the health of those around us.

by Lynn Stephen

Healthcare tools, trackers & calculators

Assess your symptoms

Symptom checker

Calculate your BMI (Body Mass Index)

BMI calculator

Help to feel physically or mentally better

Personalised digital habit coaching

Provided by My Local Surgery

Book a Pharmacy First appointment
View all tools and calculators
Latest features

Heart health and blood vessels

Understanding your cholesterol levels

by Lynn Stephen

Healthy living

Is getting a sleep divorce the key to better rest?

by Victoria Raw

Healthy living

How to maintain your fitness New Year's resolutions

by Lynn Stephen

Eye health

How to prevent dry eyes during winter

by Lynn Stephen

View latest features
Health topics
Advice and clinical information on a wide variety of healthcare topics
Allergies, blood and immune system
Bones, joints and muscles
Brain and nerves
Cancer
View all health topics
Patient Podcasts

Podcasts can make health information easier to understand, especially when it comes from people who have lived through similar experiences. From conversations with clinical experts to honest discussions with people sharing their own health journeys, whether you want to learn more about a condition, feel less alone in what you’re going through or hear practical advice that supports day-to-day health decisions, our podcasts are here to help.

Podcasts

Jono Lancaster on identity, rare conditions and the courage to embrace yourself

by Thomas Andrew Porteus, MBCS

Podcasts

Lisa Riley on grief, resilience, and emotional wellbeing

by Thomas Andrew Porteus, MBCS

Podcasts

Meet the hosts - Matt Jameson and Christine Talbot

by Thomas Andrew Porteus, MBCS

Podcasts

Patient.info brings 'Yorkshire Talks' back with its most open and emotional health conversations yet

by Thomas Andrew Porteus, MBCS

Browse patient Podcasts
Travel by country

Find country-specific travel health advice, including recommended vaccines, malaria risk, and other precautions for your destination.

Australia
Brazil
Canada
Egypt
India
Japan
Spain
View all countries
Health and wellness video library

Discover our growing library of trusted health videos. From expert tips and condition guides to exercise routines, first aid advice, and more—our videos are designed to help you take control of your health, one step at a time.

Health and wellness video library

General health videos

by Victoria Raw

Health and wellness video library

Mental health videos

by Lawrence Higgins

Health and wellness video library

Nutrition and diet videos

by Victoria Raw

Health and wellness video library

STI videos

by Lawrence Higgins

Browse health and wellness video library

Our clinical information meets the standards set by the NHS in their Standard for Creating Health Content guidance.
Read our editorial policy.

Download the Patient app

Patient

Subscribe to health updates
About us
Advertise with us
Partnerships and collaboration
Authors
RSS feeds
International sites
Contact us

Legal

Accessibility statement
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Editorial policy
Affiliate policy

Follow us

Patient is a part of

© 2025 Navigate Health Ltd. All rights reserved.
Registered number: 16229589
Registered office: 128 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V 2NX.

Patient is a UK registered trade mark.

Patient does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.