Skip to content
Paid Surveys
Paid Games
Free Gift Cards
Blog





Log in
Download
Get Paid To Play Games And Take Surveys

Download the free app and cash out from just $5!

Sign Up
Sign Up with referral code EARN3 and get $3 FREE BONUS!
Call of Dragons
Earn up to $353
Survey
$1.10
Medium
5/5
Earn
Monopoly Go
Earn up to $48
Survey
$1.53
Medium
5/5
Earn

Payouts in

Gift card
Gift card
Gift card
Gift card

$4.8 million

Paid out to users in 2024

$12 daily

Average user’s earnings

10+ million

Users earn a side income with us

GAMES
Play Mobile Games and Earn Cash
Earn per game
$120.00+

Discover new mobile games, complete in-game tasks, and earn real cash. Turn your gaming sessions into an income source and boost your income even further.

10M+

and

downloads

130k+ reviews, 4.6 stars

SURVEYS
Start Earning Right Away with Surveys
Earn per 5-10 min survey
$1.00+

Earn money by sharing your opinions on various topics and contributing to the product development of various brands.

CONTESTS
Win Exciting Prizes
Earn per activity up to
$500

Weekly Lucky Draws, Unlimited Prize Wheel spins, fun quests, and real cash prizes for taking top positions on the weekly leaderboard.

Get the Money-Making App Made for You
Sign Up
Estimate Your Earnings with Pawns.app Streaks!
On Pawns.app, you can earn through Surveys and Games. See your estimated weekly earnings by maintaining a daily streak!
Surveys per day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Surveys per day
Games per day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Games per day

$372.00

per month

🎁Sign up with referral code
EARN3
and get $3 bonus!
Sign Up
These numbers are only an estimate. The number of available surveys depends on the location and user’s activity. By regularly checking for available surveys in Pawns.app, users can earn even more!

Recognized as safe to use by:

100% Safe, Secure, and Supported
Bulletproof Safety

Rest easy with Pawns.app – certified as 100% safe by leading antivirus and security industry experts.

Secure Transactions
Top-Notch Support
How to Get Started With Pawns.app?
1

Download FREE Pawns.app

2

Create and verify your account

3

Start EARNING

Sign in with your credentials and take advantage of all the options to earn:

Check for available surveys in the “Surveys” section and start completing them to earn extra cash.

Go to the Quest tab and complete quests to earn points, cash prizes, and various rewards such as gift cards and coupons.

Browse rewarded games, choose what you like, and start playing. The more you play, the more you earn.

Let the app run in the background even after you're done earning money and rewards from surveys and quests to maintain a steady cash flow in a truly passive way.

Our users love us

Here’s what our users worldwide are saying about their experience with Pawns.app:

The app really pay

The app really pays. I’m very pleased with this app. You can earn the minimum amount for word withdraw in a short time. I received the money in my PayPal account in less than an hour.

Someone252504!
The most legitimate and trustworthy

An app that is always in my heart… Of the many money-making apps in circulation, perhaps this is the most legitimate and trustworthy. For the initial step of registration, it's very easy to do. There is nothing difficult about making money online by simply completing simple survey tasks, you can make money easily and quickly…

Moto Gp
Successful payment

I’ve just made my first withdrawal with pawns.app, I received it immediately. Thank you so much 🔥🔥

ShazKingz
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

It is a great app for internet sharing as well as surveys. I personally made money in the first week itself. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

Baiju
Fantastic

It's a very good app. The surveys are different lengths long, from just a couple of questions too, it's awesome . I'm so glad for apps like this one. It's less stressful than a lot of other survey apps because the short length of some of the surveys that You are offered. You can even get paid for sharing your Internet usage. Really cool, especially since the home Internet is not charged by how much data is used. Awesome App. Thank You!!

Kenneth Lee
Love the interface!

Love the interface! The application is ideal for surveys of varied lengths, and its shorter questionnaires reduce stress when compared to other survey apps. You can even get paid for sharing your Internet usage, which is ideal if your home Internet service does not charge for data usage. The app's features make taking surveys entertaining and addictive, providing a comfortable experience and the potential to earn extra money.

Janak Bhi
The app is extremely effective

The app is extremely effective and user-friendly, with simple coin collecting and speedy pay outs. Users can share numerous connections to earn data quickly and at competitive rates compared to competing apps. The simple redemption method ensures timely rewards, making it excellent for earning extra money in spare time. I recently collected $5, demonstrating its authenticity. The program has multiple daily surveys that increase profits, even if you do not qualify for the majority of them.

Demo
Good app to make some passive earning

One of the few apps that is not false advertising. Although it takes a while to get surveys, it is a good app to make some passive earning. The withdrawal threshold is also very low and easy to reach.

Anthony Njuguna
Best app

So far I'm enjoying this app. The surveys are lots of fun and are not your average boring surveys like on some of those other apps. So if you're looking for a little excitement while doing surveys and making money download this app now!

Tammy Sue Lee McGuire
Straightforward app

I just downloaded this app. I like it because it is straightforward, payouts pay what is posted and the questions are also fairly easy.

Cassidy Sanchez
Definitely a staple

Great app! It’s very responsive and light, designed super well! Recommend ⭐️⭐️⭐️ The UI/UX is very very friendly. No place, label, or information is not well described. Very easy to use even for older people, as well as younger ones.

Marky Maunder
It's awesome

It's a very good app. The surveys are different lengths long, from just a couple of questions too, it's awesome. I'm so glad for apps like this one. It's less stressful than a lot of other survey apps because the short length of some of the surveys. You can even get paid for sharing your Internet usage. Really cool, especially since the home Internet is not charged by how much data is used. Awesome App. Thank You!!

Kenneth Lee
Amazing app

Amazing app, download it to enjoy yourself, I just got it a few minutes an I am hooked up to it. It's simple and string forward to use, there are no silly ads. It's just an app that helps you make some dollars and I like it, add more surveys with more money, this is the new social media for me now on, I don't need the other apps am deleting them. And you can withdraw your money via PayPal, it's easy and straight forward. You don't have to wait it's instant withdrawal, download the app now.

Chrispine Siagoko
The app is amazing

The app is amazing, very easy to use. Survey are easy to answer. I love love love this app, big ups to the creators.

Nonsizo
Have questions?
We’ve got answers. The most common questions answered in one place.
What is the minimum payout amount?
We offer payouts from $5 earned. As soon as you reach $5, you can withdraw the money earned to your preferred payment method.
Which payment methods do you offer?
We enable users to withdraw their earnings via PayPal, Bitcoin, ACH, Venmo, Visa gift cards, and other gift cards.
What does the Pawns.app app do? Is it safe? What user data do you collect?
Yes! Your security is valuable to us, and we do everything to know our partners before allowing them to use our network!
Pawns.app is not collecting data or any other digital assets from our users. The only data we need is the data necessary for the service to work. This includes your email, IP address, and your preferred payout methods. The connections established by Pawns.app and used for data sharing are inaccessible to outsiders and are fully encrypted, guaranteeing that any private information, including anonymous location data, stays unreachable at all times. Enjoy peace of mind and generate extra income from home without any security risks!
Can I use Pawns.app if I am underage?
The age of legal majority depends on the country you live in. We advise you to check what it is. If you are underage, you need to get your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use Pawns.app.
Where can I track Pawns.app promotions, contests, and other events?
If you’re interested, join us on social media! It’s a super easy and fun way to stay on top of everything, and our communities are definitely worth checking out. Connect with us, share your experiences with other earning experts around the world, and discover cool new tips and tricks to help you make extra cash!
How is my information shared with companies or brands?
Your survey responses are sent directly to the company or brand gathering data for research. Pawns.app ensures all traffic is encrypted, letting you make money without worrying about your privacy.
What makes Pawns.app one of the best extra money-making apps?
Pawns.app offers a true way to make extra income, allowing users to earn money even while sleeping. The chance to refer others for lifetime bonuses makes earning passive income effortless.
Why do people join Pawns.app?
Most people begin their passive income journey with Pawns.app because it gives them an opportunity to make additional income free of charge. Others appreciate participating in the product development process and having their voices heard by popular brands.
Who can participate in Pawns.app?
Our app is available for a wide array of systems. Anyone with an internet connection and an Android, iOS, MacOS, Windows, or Linux device can join Pawns.app to make passive income automatically and build wealth. Our app is open to basically anyone willing to make extra money online in a straightforward way and afford a happier future. You can download Pawns.app for your smartphone from the app stores or by using the links from our Downloads page for other platforms.
Which countries are supported?
The best part about Pawns.app is the fact that it’s accessible in more than 190 countries worldwide, unlike most other passive income apps that are limited to specific regions. This means that virtually anyone can use our app to start making money if they have some extra time.
Pawns.app is installed, why am I not earning money?
If you’re not earning money, it may simply mean our partner companies don’t currently need a lot of activity from your country. This may seem like a downside, but be patient. It’s normal to have days when you’ll only be earning rewards from surveys, quests, and referral bonuses. Our app works only if you have a residential IP address, so ensure you’re not using a VPN or a proxy to falsify your location data or IP.
Can I have more than one device running Pawns.app?
Yes, you can use as many devices as you want because every bit counts! However, they should all be on different networks and with different IP addresses for maximum earnings.
When can I use Pawns.app to earn money online?
While it won’t replace your full-time job, Pawns.app is a great option to put a few extra dollars in your pocket with little effort. You can take our surveys while waiting in line, sitting at home or work, commuting, or even when taking a break from gaming.
What sets Pawns.app apart from other apps?
Apps like Pawns.app are usually available only in selected regions. However, we wanted to give everyone a chance to boost their wallet by building consistent passive income streams, so we made it available everywhere. We also offer one of the lowest payout thresholds, some of the highest-converting surveys in the industry, and plenty of other rewards for our users.
Are there any age restrictions for earning money through games?
All of Pawns.app services are available to everyone over the age of 18. Other than that, no restrictions are placed on paid games in particular.
How long does it take to receive your first payout?
The minimum payout threshold is $5, which is achievable within the first day after registration. If you want to maximize your odds of receiving money quickly, combine paid games with other Pawns.app offers such as paid surveys.
Show More
Get the Money-Making App Made for You
Sign Up

Download the Pawns.app mobile app for Android

Download on Google Play

GET IN TOUCH

hello@pawns.app

24/7 support

FIND US HERE

EARN

Paid Surveys
Paid Games

REWARDS

Cashout
Get Free Gift Cards
Paid Surveys By Country
Surveys For Gift Cards
Surveys Alternatives
Make Money In Your Country

GENERAL

How Does It Work
Invite a Friend 
Partners
How Your Data Helps
SDK/API
Downloads 

COMPANY

About Us
Our Users
Contact Us
Blog
Media Kit
Help Center
For Business
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Rewards Terms and Conditions

Our Payout Partners

EN







© 2025 Pawns.app All rights reserved

Earnings vary based on location, time spent, and available opportunities.
Only the most active users may earn up to $500/month. Individual results will vary.

Get Pawns.app mobile
SCAN TO DOWNLOAD