botim money - Accelerate Business Growth with Secure Cashless Payment Solutions Products Payment Gateway Point of Sale Digital Corporate Wallet Salary Card Resources Blogs Guides Pricing Contact Login Get started Enabling business growth ‍ with cashless payments Increase your revenue with customer-first, innovative, and secure omnichannel digital payments solutions. Get started Contact sales Licensed by the Central Bank of the UAE Trusted by leading brands in UAE Regulatory Licenses SVF RPS NESA PCI One stop payments platform to help you grow business revenue Give customers the ability to choose their payment mode with solutions built to simplify online, in-store, and global transactions. Multiple payment modes across touchpoints Improve customer transactional experiences Reduce drop-offs and remove spend barriers Better control on payments and business revenue Empowering global brands with cashless payment solutions We equip you with innovative online and offline digital payment infrastructure to meet consumer preferences at every touch point. Online payment gateway Our global payment processing platform enables you to process debit and credit card payments online. Integrate it with your website or mobile application to offer easy payment solutions to customers by including local payment methods. Paylink Create a payment link or button that customers can click to make a fixed or custom amount transaction. Payable Invoice Create and share invoices with customers in minutes via email or SMS with online payment options. Learn more Direct Pay Embed a custom botim money payment form on your website or application. Requires PCI certification. Learn more QR Code Payments Create a custom QR code for your business to let customers scan and pay for orders. Learn more Recurring Payments Easy to use subscription-payment processing service to simplify recurring payments for customers. Learn more JSAPI Payment Let users who visit your website through the botim app complete their purchase without leaving the app. Point of sale With built-in traceability, advanced reporting, integrated payment processing, and more, botim money point of sale systems help businesses of all sizes scale their operations and offer outstanding experiences for cashless transactions. Smart POS Streamline your operations with our Smart POS solution. Generate PayLinks, QR codes, or accept in-store payments directly on the terminal. Learn more Smart BOX A convenient and small device specially designed for SME (small and medium-sized enterprises), Smart BOX enables receiving and refunding money. Learn more Receive Money Refund Money Seamless AppCommerce Integrate your brand’s mobile app with botim money's In-App payment solutions to enable online payments for users. Supports the botim money account system Optimized botim money mobile pay page Comprehensive and secure mobile payments Pay with Wallet Give customers the ability to pay for orders with a multitude of supported wallets like botim , botim money , Wechat pa y and AliPay+ . Learn more Robust fraud detection and prevention Advanced fraud detection and prevention mechanism integrated into the payment gateway to keep you secure. We leverage AI-based fraud monitoring, 3D secure authentication, and transaction risk analysis to ensure your approval rates are not impacted. Seamless integrations with leading CMS We make it easy for you to get started with our payment solutions with robust integrations with the best CMS platforms. ‍ Streamline how you gather customer and payment information! Other features for digital payments botim money is continually working on equipping your business with all the solutions you need to create seamless customer payment journeys online and offline. Two day settlement Guaranteed two day payment reconciliation and settlements across all payment modes at no extra costs. Multi-currency support Process international transactions, support multiple currencies, and handle complex cross-border payment scenarios. Virtual Account Virtual account in association with FAB created to facilitate collection of funds through cash/ cheque deposits through any FAB terminal. Transfer to anyone Transfer your account balance to multiple bank accounts or e-wallets apart from your business' merchant account. API integration Seamlessly integrate with various eCommerce platforms, shopping carts, and software systems with easy-to-use APIs. Real-time reporting Get detailed insights on sales performance, transactional trends and consumer behavior within the payment gateway. Digital Receipts Send a digital receipt to customers via email or SMS on completed transactions to reduce post-purchase anxiety. Scannable customer QR Gives botim money users the ability to present a scannable QR code to make payments to a botim money merchant. Licensed by The Central Bank of the UAE botim money has been given the highest levels of financial service approvals to conduct Stored Value Facility (SVF) and Retail Payment Services (RPS) operations. Why leading brands use botim money payment solutions "botim money is a trusted payment partner for global brands across industries for its innovative approach and robust technology." Large botim money user base Dedicated support and account management Easy scalability and customization Simplified and integrated dashboard Integration with Wage Protection System Ready to set up the most robust digital payments infrastructure for your business? Get started Contact us Products Payment Gateway Point of Sale Virtual Accounts and Wallets Reporting and Invoicing Resources Blogs Guides Pricing About Contact © 2025 botim money. ‍All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions FAQs Cookies Settings An Company