UK Payroll Software for Seamless Automation | PayFit Skip to main content NEW ✨ Health insurance , now in PayFit - learn more LATEST 💷 All the rates & thresholds you need to know for 25/26 ... right here WEBINAR ✨ The Payroll Journey: Start, Scale & Succeed Globally - learn more Why PayFit? Product Payroll Payroll Manage your company's payroll seamlessly and efficiently Integrations Integrations Avoid manual data entry and improve efficiency by integrating your payroll with your existing stack HR People management Integrate and streamline HR processes Expense management Let employees submit expenses for approval and see payslips update in real-time Leave and absences Easily manage all types of leaves and see employee payslips update in real-time Performance management Empower your people and improve performance across the business Services Support Security Migration & Onboarding Partnerships Solutions By profile Founders HR teams Finance teams By size Small businesses (up to 25 employees) Medium businesses (25-500 employees) Choose PayFit Customer stories Resources Payroll & HR news Blog Webinars HR & payroll resources Customer support Help Centre Trust Center Pricing Book a demo Log in Log in Book a demo UK payroll software that scales with your business Free up time for your business with payroll software anyone can use. 4.3/5 from 20,000+ customers Try now Book a demo 20,000+ small and medium businesses trust PayFit UK payroll software that supports small business growth Managing your employees and their pay shouldn’t be complicated. Unlock more time, energy, and data with cloud-based, HMRC-recognised UK payroll software that your team can own. <25 employees 25+ employees HR & UK payroll software small businesses can count on Manage your employees and their pay from one single space Let our software deal with HMRC updates and compliance Free up more time to focus on your employees These businesses run their payroll with PayFit 90% of payroll tasks automated The ultimate UK payroll solution Automate over 90% of manual payroll tasks like HMRC submissions, SSP, auto-enrolment, and more. Payroll and HR made simple Take a hassle-free approach to managing your employees and their pay with best-in-class features. Help when you need it the most Access support whenever you need it - our payroll experts are always on hand to help. UK payroll software for scaling and growing businesses Take your payroll from complicated to automated Access expert guidance and support Gain deeper insights into your People data These businesses run their payroll with PayFit 80% The amount of time you’ll save running payroll each month More time and peace of mind Free up to 80% of your time each month with automated cloud-based payroll software that keeps you compliant. Support every step of the way Gain access to real UK payroll experts when you need support or guidance. Base decisions on data Run custom reports across hundreds of data points to gain the employee and payroll insights you need. The numbers are in. Here’s how PayFit can make your payday Our mission? To simplify payroll (so you can focus on what matters) Time savings Save hours copy/pasting and combing through spreadsheets 80% the amount of time you’ll save Automation Automate payroll tasks to reduce manual calculations and data entry 90% the percentage of tasks PayFit automates Simplicity Reduce monthly payroll admin to a few simple clicks 3 the number of steps it takes to run payroll Your payroll sorted in 3 simple steps 1 Make changes right up till payday Plug in your numbers, and watch payslips instantly update. 2 Check everything, then approve Review monthly changes using our variance report. 3 Run payroll and review payments! PayFit gives you a breakdown of payments due, from HMRC to benefits. Loading... We’ll fit right in with your favourite tools Whether it’s with our integrations, or our open API, we help you connect to your favourite tools. Learn more about integrations Payroll, HR, plus so much more Your people and pay are deeply interconnected. Improve employee retention & experience with the help of our HR modules. Payroll & RTI submissions Salary changes. Deduction calculations. RTI submissions. If it’s payroll-related, we’ve automated it. Leave & absence management Make holiday management a breeze by keeping tabs on who’s on break and when. All it takes is a few clicks to request time off. Expense management Create a custom policy, manage expenses and allow employees to upload and scan their receipts with optical character recognition. Pensions Choose UK payroll software that generates automatic pension submissions for all major providers for a smoother pensions process. Performance and people management Make performance tracking simple and intuitive, for employers and employees. Help your business and its employees grow and develop together with our easy-to-use performance management system. Verified testimonials Here’s why businesses trust PayFit We have been using PayFit for over 3 years now and it has scaled as our business has grown from 50 to over 200 employees in the UK. They are proactive at adding new features and integrations to keep the product best in class and if there are issues I have always found them to be resolvable fairly quickly. All in all I would not hesitate to recommend. Edward Lucas 5/5 PayFit is very easy to use as the UI is very easy there is really no learning curve. The layout is pretty simple and it's easy to find your payslips, overview of time off, requested time off, and request for leaves. Melissa 5/5 Start video with Enter key Roots Kitchens Home improvement ・50 Employees To close the modal, press the Escape key. Or click the Close the modal button. System is very convenient and smartly built, perfect for none payroll people. We like the transparency, efficiency and security. Helped us to reduce amount of spreadsheets and unnecessary paperwork for sure. Our employees seem to appreciate the change too. Ausra 5/5 PayFit has completing revolutionized the way you can run payroll, making it more user friendly, and providing you the support and information you need. Shaini 5/5 I have been very impressed with PayFit over the last year+ that we have been using their system. I've done payroll in multiple countries for over 20 years and PayFit is hands down one of the best systems I've used. Joleine Sigler 5/5 I am very impressed with the software so far and it is easy to use and run payroll. With Payfit you can easily review, amend and add data and clearly see a payslip overview, which helps you spot any errors before running payroll. I would certainly recommend trying Payfit and seeing what you think. Sophie Pohling 5/5 Great journey setting up the system. We used an outsourced accountants prior which contained all of the issues you'd expect (lack of control, not timely, expensive etc) so Payfit came at a great time when I wanted to automate the payroll process. Luke 5/5 Professional, efficient, friendly, dynamic, helpful... You can trust them with your eyes shut. I can only recommend them. (Happy customer since July 2019) Nathalie Depixus 5/5 We have been using PayFit for a few months now and it’s made running payroll much easier for us. Pretty easy software made easier by their support team. Kristen 5/5 My review about PayFit is very good. The software is easy to use and the customer service is also responsive especially with urgent cases Agostina 4/5 It is how payroll should be. Everything that should be automated can be configured and runs every month. If any information is missing, for a new employee for example, you get a notification in advance so you're not delaying pay day. Patrick 5/5 Start video with Enter key RDT Technology・+80 Employees To close the modal, press the Escape key. Or click the Close the modal button. PayFit just made it so easy. I felt like I knew how to run payroll, and I didn't, because PayFit kind of did it for me! Pippa Moon 5/5 As an HR professional, and not a payroll specialist, running payroll was often a long and arduous process. However, since switching to PayFit, the time I spend on payroll tasks has reduced significantly Swetha Sundaram 5/5 Frequently Asked Questions What are the key features of payroll software for small businesses in the UK? Some essential features you should look out for in UK payroll software are automated payroll processing, which works out earnings, deductions, and net pay calculations for you; automatic HMRC RTI and pension submissions as well as auto-enrolment capabilities; and real-time reporting to generate reports on payroll expenses, tax liabilities, and other critical financial data instantly. The ability to integrate with different point solutions and to sync up with accounting software, like Xero is also a plus. Among other features you should have an eye out for are an employee self-service portal, making it easier for your people to access payslips, tax documents, and update their personal details online. PayFit has all of these features and more. How can cloud-based payroll software benefit medium-sized businesses? If you’re a small or medium-sized business wanting to scale further, then putting technology like cloud-based payroll software in place is critical for operations. These systems can easily flex and scale as your business evolves and your headcount grows. Allowing you to process payroll for more employees in less time. In addition to this, it makes accessing your employee data much easier from any location, at any time. It also provides a more secure and safe way of protecting your data with methods like built-in two-factor authentication. How can payroll software help businesses comply with HMRC regulations? Keeping up with the current tax laws and regulations, especially in today’s highly regulated environment, is a challenge, especially if you’re a scaling business. Payroll software like PayFit is designed to adhere to the high levels of compliance HMRC requires. Our developers ensure our software is always up-to-date with the latest payroll regulations, rates and thresholds, with no manual intervention needed, reducing your risk of incurring pricey penalties. What payroll management tools are available for free in the UK? When it comes to UK payroll software, there are providers offering free payroll management tools. These tools, while geared towards very small businesses and early-day startups, only provide basic functionality, such as payslip generation and tax year reports. However, more advanced features such as calculation automation, real-time reporting and comprehensive compliance support may be missing. What are the benefits of real-time data access in payroll software? There are many benefits to investing in payroll software that provides real-time data access. For one, it makes running payroll so much easier as all numbers and figures update instantly. In PayFit, for instance, once you plug in your pay variables, payslips will update instantly, meaning you can run payroll in just a couple of hours. You’ll also get immediate insights into what your business is spending on its people (think expenses, benefit packages and more) so you can better manage budgets. Your HR team can make better, more informed decisions while quickly identifying and correcting any errors that might affect payroll. How does an employee self-service portal enhance payroll management? If you want to enhance payroll management while reducing administrative tasks, opting for payroll software with an employee self-service (ESS) portal is a good idea. It can help your HR team reduce administrative tasks by getting employees to request their own leave for approval and upload their own expenses. This enhances the autonomy of your employees by giving them access to their own pay data. PayFit’s portal not only allows employees to do these things but also to manage their performance with their manager. 4.3/5
from 20,000+ customers Join 20,000+ businesses simplifying their payroll Book a demo You can cancel anytime 3.16, Clerkenwell Workshops, 
27-31 Clerkenwell Close,
London EC1R 0AT Login to your account Help Center 🇬🇧 English 🇫🇷 Français 🇪🇸 Español Company Why PayFit Our story Our customers stories Our commitment Events & webinars Press Careers Diversity & Inclusion Become a partner Software Payroll management Leave and absences HR management system Expense management Payroll integrations Partnerships Pricing Support Security Useful links HMRC RTI Submissions Payroll Automation Running payroll Changing payroll providers Cloud based payroll software Absence management Outsourcing your payroll Holiday Entitlement Payroll compliance UK Backdated Pay Resources Blog - Payroll & People management Blog - Product Team Salary calculator Toolbox Webinars PayFit's Trust Center © PayFit Terms of use Sitemap Cookies Legal Notices GDPR Privacy Policy Status ISO 27001 Cookies Preferences 🇬🇧 English 🇫🇷 Français 🇪🇸 Español