Paylution
        -
        Welcome × This version of Chrome is no longer
supported. Please upgrade
your browser now in order to continue using our platform. Welcome to Paylution Pay Portal Forgot Your Password? - or - Activate Account Resend Activation Email Forgot Your Password? - or - Activate Account Resend Activation Email Support Privacy Legal Cookies Licenses and Complaints Accessibility Security Support Privacy Legal Cookies Licenses and Complaints Accessibility The Hyperwallet Visa ® Prepaid Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank, N.A., Member FDIC pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Card can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Hyperwallet Visa ® Prepaid Card is issued by PACE Savings & Credit Union Limited, pursuant to a license from Visa Inc. The Hyperwallet Visa ® Prepaid Card is issued by Valitor hf. pursuant to license from Visa Europe Ltd. The Hyperwallet Visa ® Prepaid Card is issued by Pathward, N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Card can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Hyperwallet is a member of the PayPal group of companies and provides services globally through its affiliates. These affiliates are regulated in various jurisdictions as follows: In Canada, through Hyperwallet Systems Inc., registered with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre (FINTRAC), no. M08905000, and with Revenu Québec, no. 10232, with a principal business address at 1200-475 Howe Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 2B3; in the United States, through PayPal, Inc., registered with the US Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and licensed in various U.S. states as a money transmitter, NMLS ID no. 910457, with a principal address at 2211 N. First Street, San Jose, CA, 95131; in Australia, through Hyperwallet Systems Australia Pty Ltd, ABN 38 616 937 716, registered with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, Australian Financial Service Licence no. 499092, with a registered office at Level 24, 1 York Street, Sydney, NSW 2000; in the European Economic Area through PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. (R.C.S. Luxembourg B 118 349), a duly licensed Luxembourg credit institution in the sense of Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as amended, and under the prudential supervision of the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier; in the United Kingdom, through PayPal UK Ltd, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 for the issuance of electronic money (firm reference number 994790) and in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (firm reference number 996405). Some of PayPal UK Ltd’s products including PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital are not regulated by the FCA. Cryptocurrency services are largely unregulated by the FCA. © PayPal. All Rights Reserved.