Paymentus | Intelligent interactions. Simplified payments. Skip to content Who We Serve Billing & Payments Utilities Deploy a powerful solution for mission-critical payments to increase customer satisfaction, speed reconciliation and improve security. Taxes Increase collection of tax payments by offering advanced payment options to citizens. Insurance Offer advanced communication and payment solutions to ensure policyholder payment convenience. Public Sector & Government Simplify citizen payments with an agency-wide solution that meets the needs of any city or county. Telecom Give customers faster, more convenient billing and payment options befitting your business. Property Management Retain tenants with a modern rental payment experience that reduces cost to serve. Healthcare Optimize the health of your billing operation with modern features for patients and staff. Higher Education Expand payment offerings for students, family and alumni for your many campus payments. Nonprofit & Donations Make it easier for donors to pay it forward with expanded payment methods and channels. Banks & Financial Institutions Banking & Fintech Transform bill payment and money movement capabilities with a centralized, digital payments hub. Mortgage Launch self-service options to reduce costs to serve and improve the homeowner payment experience. Auto & Consumer Finance Meet borrower expectations for speed and simplicity with next-gen eBilling. Business & Enterprise Solutions B2B With Profit by Paymentus, close your books faster with streamlined accounts receivable (AR), accounts payable (AP), and expense management to increase business profits. INCREASE ADOPTION WITH CAST Enjoy complimentary, full-service marketing support with the Paymentus Client Adoption Success Team (CAST). See how our dedicated team can help you exceed your adoption goals. Learn More Solutions Solutions Billing & Payments From utilities to healthcare, cities to counties and everything in between, we offer more engagement channels and payment options to meet any customer preference. Developers (opens in a new window) Integrate with Paymentus channels and APIs to meet your business needs. Profit by Paymentus Close your books faster with streamlined accounts receivable (AR), accounts payable (AP), and expense management to increase business profits. BillWallet Help customers pay 4X faster with this secure, fast-pass digital wallet that stores and auto-fills account and payment details, enabling payments without the friction of forgetfulness. Intelligent Payment Platform (IPP) Learn more about the powerful platform that delivers critical operational capabilities and seamless integrations to keep your organization running at its peak. Instant Payment Network® (IPN) Paymentus solutions are powered by the IPN, a full payment ecosystem offering instant access to real-time capabilities, thousands of direct billers and innovative partners including: PayPal Walmart Read More Company Company About Since 2004, Paymentus has delivered game-changing billing and payment solutions to 2,500 clients and counting. Investor Relations (opens in a new window) We are just getting started! View the latest news, updates and events related to NYSE:PAY. Join our Team Fuel your professional growth and career with an exciting, fast-paced career at Paymentus. Meet Bill The Duck Meet the Renaissance waterfowl who helps our clients keep their customer service afloat, get their ducks in a row, and best serve those who have bills. Meet Bill Learn Learn Bill Better® Ready to be one of the billing greats? Go beyond the bill with industry insights to push your billing and payment goals forward. Industry Insights Read white papers, articles and the latest insights to stay ahead of the curve. Virtual Learning Level up your knowledge with online seminars, on-demand videos and industry-specific sessions. Frequently Asked Questions Stay ahead with this comprehensive list of frequently asked questions on billing, payments and Paymentus. Meet Bill The Duck Meet the Renaissance waterfowl who helps our clients keep their customer service afloat, get their ducks in a row, and best serve those who have bills. BILLER CASE STUDIES See how Paymentus is helping organizations like yours exceed customer expectations with next-generation EBPP capabilities and service. View Case Studies Search Search Search Pay Your Bill Let's Talk Your browser does not support the video tag. Intelligent Simplified Payments. Meet intelligence that pays. From actionable data and insights to billing and payment options for all, give your customers, staff, and entire enterprise the intelligence and simplicity to transform your business. Unleash your full potential and turn every transaction into a best-in-class interaction today. Let's Get Started BillWallet ® The Smarter, Faster, More Secure Way to Pay Bills Paymentus’ AI-powered, patented bill pay assistant and omnichannel wallet are fundamentally simplifying how bills are presented, understood, and paid. See how it delivers 4x faster payments. Start Now BILLING & PAYMENTS Intuitive Interactions, Bill Delivery &
Payments for Billers The purpose-built, omnichannel solution that is proven to increase engagement and on-time payments for Utilities, Insurance, Government, Telecom, Higher Ed, Healthcare, Property Management, and more. EXPLORE BILLING & PAYMENTS BANKING & FINTECH Money Management & Bill Pay for Financial Institutions Modern payment capabilities including bill pay, loan payments, P2P, and A2A for Banks, Credit Unions, and Consumer Finance lenders. EXPLORE BANKING & FINTECH PROFIT ™ Pay, Get Paid & Track Expenses Increase your efficiency and profits. Simplify financial operations by unifying accounts payable, accounts receivable, and expenses—all in one system. LEARN MORE IPN Instant Payment Network ® The ever-expanding IPN unified platform is the most comprehensive and configurable solution available today. The IPN delivers on the promise of making next-generation digital billing capabilities, accelerated payments and simplified operations and customer experiences for billers, banks, fintechs, partners, and most importantly, everyday consumers and businesses. CONNECT TODAY The Intelligent Payment Platform Multimodal Interactions & Payments Hub Omnichannel Billing & Payment Channels to Serve All From walk-in to web, give consumers the power to access billing information and make payments through their preferred way with intelligent self-service. Reaching 100% of your consumership including online portals for registered users with shopping carts, quick pay one-time web options, IVR (phone) experiences, in-person at agency or retail locations, Account-to-Account (A2A) and Peer-to-Peer (P2P), as well as payments by text, email, chatbot , and the patented, fastest way to take a payment with BillWallet ® . Expert Delivery of Bills, Invoices & Communications Provide awareness and full visibility to your customers of bill and invoice details while driving customers to receive bills digitally through our many presentment options including paper suppression, eBilling via email, text, and mobile, as well as online access to PDFs and document images, and full bill print and statement services of paper bills. Comprehensive & Fully Integrated Payment Methods Provide maximum payment optionality by offering credit card (AMEX, Visa, Mastercard, Discover), debit card, ACH/eCheck, cash at retail locations and in person, and popular digital wallets including PayPal , PayPal Credit, Venmo, Apple Pay, Google Pay, including our Instant Payment Network ® (IPN) . Flexibility in Payment Frequency & Payment Plans Increase payment adoption with intuitive AutoPay or recurring payments, one-time and scheduled one-time payments, and pay now/pay later. Provide financial flexibility and financing options with pre-arranged parameter-based  payment plans and the ability to enable your customers options when affordability and specialized payment needs arise. Streamlined Operations & Transparency Intelligent Reporting, Reconciliation & Analytics Gain complete visibility with comprehensive reporting and reconciliation through the state-of-the-art admin solution Agent Dashboard, offering real-time visibility for all transactions, regardless of payment method or channel. View agency analytics, monitor digital adoption and consumer behaviors, and review all facets of payment details in a single line of sight. Agent-Assisted & Call Center Solutions Simplify payment options for customers requiring live agent and call center staff assistance by offering the patented Secure Service ® for IVR, SMS, and email. Improve communication, visibility, and efficiency of all live-agent interactions including virtual terminal options. Digital Payouts, Refunds & Disbursements Maximize consumer payouts and modernize the legacy physical check with fast and efficient digital payouts. Additionally, refunds, deposits, premiums, and many types of disbursements are delivered in a multichannel environment with diverse payment options for your customers. Cash Management, Cashiering & Point-of-Service Modernize and ease revenue collection for in-office transactions and data for the cash management of in-person payments for any payment type or payment method, all while maintaining seamless integration into your agency-wide systems of record, utilizing secure hardware devices from check scanning to card, and everything in between. Adaptable Business Solutions for Maximum Flexibility Cloud Commerce for a Better Digital Experience The Paymentus PAY OS is a fully-hosted SaaS solution that provides modern user-interfaces and hosts all aspects of the billing and payment experience. Deploy billing and payment solutions anywhere, to be used by any device, and be paid with any payment method. Integrations with 450+ systems of record and multiple deployment options allows choice and versatility to meet your business needs. From a true developer portal toolkit with APIs, SDKs and the Pixels by Paymentus toolkit, to our workflow and NCLC interactive application (iApp) engines, Paymentus makes integration, implementation, and deployments easy and proven. Business Expense Management & Payable Tools Help manage your businesses’ finances beyond customer transactions with the capability to invoice vendors, manage accounts payable (AP) and accounts receivable (AR), and control expenses—including issuing and monitoring employee expense cards. Security, Compliance & Fraud Prevention As a Level 1 PCI-certified service provider, Paymentus reduces the compliance burdens for our customers with our fully hosted, cloud-based intelligent platform. From Nacha account validation and early warning systems to full HIPAA, SOC 1, SOC 2, and ADA compliance and protections, Paymentus has you covered with our fortress level safeguards, fraud prevention, and intrusion management security. The Patented, Autonomous Billing & Payment AI Suite Harness the power of Plaito, our AI platform purpose-built to power the future. The AI-powered core infrastructure enables rapid development, onboarding, and customization, with proprietary AI-powered capabilities delivering bill presentment, payment, personalization, and real-time analytics. Success Stories & Case Studies Case Study Transforming Customer Service with Expanded Payments & Incentives Case Study Driving an Immediate Surge in AutoPay Adoption Case Study Giving Baltimore Residents Greater Payment Choice and Control Case Study Full-Service Marketing Delivers a Seamless Solution Launch Case Study Secure Service ® : Transforming Call Center Performance for a Fortune 200 Utility Case Study Driving Borrower Satisfaction with AutoPay and Digital Wallets View All Industry News, Insights, and Bill Better ® Bill Better ® AI at the Intersection of Innovation and Impact Read More Industry Insights Security is More Than a Box to Be Checked Read More Industry Insights Achieving Modernization from Web to Walk-in Payments Read More Bill Better ® Affordability Impacts All Bill Payers Read More View Industry Insights View Bill Better ® Virtual Learning Experience the Best-in-Class Solution See how the Intelligent Payment Platform can help you unleash the full potential of every transaction and simplify payments for all. Contact Sales Request A Demo Helpful Quick Links Bill Pay FAQs Let us help you find answers to get your bill paid quickly and simply. Get Answers Become a Partner Speak with our business team to explore our unique opportunities. Contact Us Join Our Team Build a career at the forefront of billing and payments interactions. View Openings Instant Payment Network Who We Serve Join Our Team Virtual Learning Investor Relations (opens in a new window) ESG Report Privacy Notice Privacy Notice to California Residents Cigna MRF Website Conditions of Use Cookie Preferences Let's Talk Pay Your Bill Customer Support © 2025 Paymentus Corporation, All Rights Reserved. 11605 North Community House Road | Suite 300 Charlotte, North Carolina, 28277 Twitter (opens in a new window) Facebook (opens in a new window) LinkedIn (opens in a new window) YouTube (opens in a new window) Instagram (opens in a new window)