Paysafe | It starts here × Login Help & support Who we serve By business size Flexible payment solutions for businesses of every size Large enterprises Small and medium businesses By industry Built to support the unique payment needs of your industry Charities & nonprofits Financial services iGaming Retail Travel & airlines Video gaming Explore all industries Personal Manage your money with our consumer products built for convenience PagoEfectivo Skrill Neteller PaysafeCard Account & Card PaysafeCash Partners Partner with us to deliver payment solutions and grow your portfolio Referral partners What we offer Payments Support your clients with trusted, scalable payment technology Card processing Wallets Local payment methods Cash online Pay by bank Payment acceptance optimization eCommerce solutions Crypto solutions Services & solutions Specialized services to support platforms, affiliates, and partners ISV & platform solutions Affiliate solutions Why Paysafe? Learn about us See how we’re shaping the future of payments The Paysafe story Leadership Sustainability Conduct Locations Careers Investors News Grow your business Learn from real-world wins and expert-driven resources Resource center Customer spotlights Whitepapers Help center Support tools to keep your payments running smoothly Help & support Developers Developer tools Technical resources to power your payment integrations Paysafe developers Skrill developers PaysafeCard developers PaysafeCash Developers Login Help & support EN Contact EN Select your region North and South America United States (English) Canada (English) Canada (French) Latin America (Spanish) Brazil (Portuguese) Europe English DACH (English) DACH (German) United Kingdom (English) Global English Contact Search How can we help you? Get in contact Contact us To help us direct your question to the best team to provide an answer please select which option best describes you. I would like to speak to someone about setting up a new account Next I'm an existing customer and need help with my account Next I’m looking to integrate payments to my software platform or application Next It starts here That isn’t merely a tagline, it’s our heartbeat. At Paysafe, we give ambitious businesses their launchpad through safe and secure online payment solutions and help consumers turn their transactions into experiences. Connect with our team Why Paysafe Who we are is not defined by our products or financial results. Who we are is defined by our people and how our culture fosters working together to make Paysafe the best it can be. Whether you’re a consumer or merchant navigating the blend of physical and digital, Paysafe is your starting point. We connect consumers and merchants around the world through seamless payment processing, digital wallet, and online cash solutions. It goes beyond transactions at Paysafe, as we look to fuel fun through the power of safe payments. Get started 29 years of online payment experience 260 payment types 48 currencies $152B annualized transactional volume Whitepaper Unwrapping holiday payment trends Paysafe’s latest research report, Inside the Wallet – Holiday Edition , explores how consumers plan to shop and pay during the holiday season. Based on insights from 8,500 shoppers across eight global markets, the study reveals trends shaping festive spending, including early, value-focused shopping, the rise of experience-based gifting, and changing payment preferences and security expectations. Learn what matters most to consumers this holiday season and how merchants can adapt to meet these demands. View report What our customers say “Paysafe is a partner we can trust. Their professionalism and high attention to us as a customer is second to none.” “I get a lot of value out of the reporting available through Netbanx – being able to run reports myself and have information at my fingertips is very useful.” “Paysafe continues to prove themselves as a reliable, fast and easy payment solution for our customers.” “Paysafe has been instrumental in supporting our growth across 15 states with now over $300m+ customer transactions processed through Paysafe.” “The account management service is one of the best out there and they are always available to assist us at any time of day.” “They are a huge part of our business, without them, without a payment provider, we don’t have a business.” Industry insights Elevate your game with expert payment advice and deep dive into our latest whitepapers and reports. Explore insights Every transaction is an opportunity Connecting users worldwide Paysafe’s scalable platform gives you access to 120 different markets, letting global users help themselves to everything we’ve made. Fueling fun globally With over 260 alternative payment methods, Paysafe lets you grow your global customer base. Turning transactions into experiences With state-of-the-art security and market-leading risk & fraud protection, Paysafe lets your audience connect with peace of mind. Request a demo with our team With our vast experience, we can help you unlock new customers and differentiate your business online. Schedule a demo of our highly-scalable platform tailored to your needs. Connect with our team Connect with us Twitter Youtube Facebook Instagram Linkedin About Paysafe Awards Careers Conduct Locations News & Insights Help & Support Contact Support Legal & Regulatory Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement Regulatory Disclosures Tax Strategy Code of Conduct (Canada) Privacy Centre Privacy Notice Personal Data Requests Cookie Notice Cookie Settings Do Not Share or Sell My Personal Information Copyright © 2025 Paysafe Holdings UK Limited. All rights reserved. Paysafe Financial Services Limited (FRN: 900015), Skrill Limited (FRN: 900001) and Prepaid Services Company Limited (FRN: 900021) are all authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 for the issuing of electronic money and payment instruments. Paysafe Payment Solutions Limited, trading as Paysafe, Neteller, Skrill, Rapid Transfer and Skrill Money Transfer, is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Paysafe Prepaid Services Limited, trading as PaysafeCard, my PaysafeCard, PaysafeCard Mastercard and PaysafeCash, is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The NETBANX® trademark is a property of Paysafe Holdings UK Limited. Paysafe Payment Processing Solutions LLC is a registered ISO of Deutsche Bank AG, New York, NY; Citizens Bank, N.A., Providence, RI; PNC Bank, N.A., Pittsburgh, PA; Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Concord, CA; Woodforest National Bank, Houston, TX; BMO Harris Bank, N.A, Chicago, IL; and Merrick Bank, South Jordan, UT. Paysafe Merchant Services Corp. is a registered Independent Sales Organization/MSP of Fifth Third Bank, N.A., Cincinnati, OH, USA; Citizens Bank, N.A., Providence, RI; PNC Bank, N.A., Pittsburgh, PA; and Merrick Bank, South Jordan, UT. Paysafe Merchant Services Inc operates as an Independent Sales Organization (ISO) of Fiserv Canada Ltd. Neteller and Net+ are registered trademarks of Skrill Limited. Skrill is a registered trademark of Skrill Limited. The Paysafe® trademark is the registered property of Paysafe Holdings UK Limited. PaysafeCard is a registered trademark of Paysafecard.com Werkarten GmbH. Net+ and Skrill Prepaid Mastercards are issued by Paysafe Financial Services Limited and PaysafeCard Mastercard Cards are issued in the EEA by Paysafe Prepaid Services Limited as an affiliate member of Prepaid Services Company Limited and in the UK by Prepaid Services Company Limited, each pursuant to licences from Mastercard International. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International. The Paysafe logo is a registered trademark in the United States. The Clover name and logo are owned by Clover Network, Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of First Data corporation, and are registered or used in the U.S. and many foreign countries. These registered trademarks are also utilized by Fiserv Canada Ltd. All trademarks, service marks, and brand names mentioned in this document are the exclusive property of their respective owners.