Recharge & Bills
Ticket Booking
Payments & Services
Paytm for Business
Company
Download App
Sign In
Recharges & Bill Payments
Mobile Recharge
DTH Recharge
FasTag Recharge
Electricity Bill
Loan EMI Payment
View All Products
Flights
Bus
Trains
Intl. Flights
One Way
Round Trip
From
Delhi
(DEL)
To
Mumbai
(BOM)
Depart
Sat, 03 Jan 26
Return
Add Return
Passenger & Class
1 Traveller, Economy
Search Flights
Special Fares (optional)
Extra Savings
Armed Forces
Up to ₹600 off
Student
Extra Baggage
Senior Citizen
Up to ₹600 off
Pay anyone directly from your bank account
Pay anyone, everywhere. Make contactless & secure payments in-stores or online using Paytm UPI or Directly from your Bank Account. Plus, send & receive money from anyone.
24x7 Trusted customer support to assist and help you in every step of your journey
Learn More ->
One destination for
Credit Cards
Paytm HDFC, SBI Card & Axis Bank Credit Card with assured Cashback and incredible offers.
Apply Now ->
Insurance ka
Super Market
A Smart, Simple & Transparent Platform to Explore & Purchase Insurance.
Get It Now ->
Switch to Paytm Money.
Pay Less, Trade More.
Margin Trading Facility (MTF) at 7.99%* p.a.
Get up to 4X Buying Power on 1200+ Stocks at Low Interest Rates with Margin Trading Facility by Paytm Money.
Invest With MTF ->
Investment in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. The securities are quoted as an example and not as a recommendation. Margin Funding as subject to the provisions of SEBI Circular CIR/MRD/DP/54/2017 dated June 13, 2017, and the terms and conditions mentioned in rights and obligations statement issued by the Paytm Money Limited. For detailed disclaimer please visit: https://www.paytmmoney.com
Accept payments online & offline
Millions of small & big businesses use Paytm to accept payments anywhere any time with a wide range of solutions for all kind of merchants
Learn More ->
Investor Relations
Home
Financials
Filings & Press Releases
News & Events
Corporate Governance
Resources
More about Paytm
Paytm - India's Most Trusted Platform for BHIM UPI Payments, Money Transfers, Recharges, and other online payments

Paytm - India’s largest digital payment app makes it secure and seamless to pay using UPI, make bill payments, recharge mobiles, DTH, data card & Metro Card etc anywhere in India.

Pay Using Paytm UPI with Ease

Experience the epitome of convenience with Paytm's flawless UPI integration. Whether you're sending money to a friend, shopkeeper, or family, or making a purchase online, our user-friendly interface ensures a hassle-free experience. Enjoy swift and secure transactions with just a few taps, as we've streamlined the process to fit seamlessly into your busy lifestyle.

Stay in the loop with instant notifications on your transactions. Receive alerts for every payment, ensuring you're always in control of your finances. Our commitment to transparency empowers you with real-time updates, giving you the confidence that each transaction is executed with precision.

Pay All Your Bills with Paytm Anytime, Anywhere

Your one-stop solution for effortlessly managing and paying all your bills online. We understand the complexities of modern life, and our mission is to simplify the way you handle your financial responsibilities. With our user-friendly platform, you can easily pay your electricity, landline, water, phone bills, and more in just a few clicks. No more juggling multiple accounts or standing in long queues—Paytm consolidates all your bill payments into a convenient digital hub. Embrace convenience with Paytm and enjoy the ease of managing your bills in the digital age.

Effortlessly make mobile bill payments through our safe methods, processed through secured gateways for Airtel Recharge, Jio Recharge, Vodafone Idea Recharge, MTNL Recharge, BSNL Recharge and more. You can also pay landline bills of Airtel, BSNL, Hathway, Asianet Broadband, Alliance Broadband, Tata Play Fibre.

Recharge your DTH online with ease. From Tata Play recharge, Airtel DTH recharge, Videocon D2H recharge, Sun Direct recharge, to Dish TV recharge and more just on Paytm.

Got a data card to recharge? We've got your back there too. Get your Airtel Data Card Recharge, Vodafone Idea Data Card Recharge, Jio Data Card Recharge, BSNL Data Card Recharge and MTNL Data Card Recharge now on Paytm.

Make electricity bill payment? Pay your electricity bills online on Paytm and avoid waiting in queues for hours. Whether you want to make Goa Electricity Bill Payment, Bihar Electricity Bill Payment, Haryana Electricity Bill Payment, Maharashtra Electricity Bill Payment, Punjab Electricity Bill Payment, or Telangana Electricity Bill Payment, we've got you covered.

Make Gas, Water And Municipal Bill Payment? Pay your gas, water and municipal bills within seconds for Delhi Jal Board, Indore Municipal Corporation, Gwalior Municipal Corporation, Bhopal Municipal Corporation, Bangalore Water Supply and Sewage Board, Surat Municipal Corporation, Pune Municipal Corporation, Nagpur Municipal Corporation, Uttrakhand Jal Sansthan, Indraprastha Gas Limited, Gujarat Gas Limited, Adani Gas Limited, Aavantika Gas Limited, Vadodara Gas Limited, Maharashtra Natural Gas Ltd and more.

Book Online Tickets - Flight Tickets, Train Tickets & Bus Tickets with Ease

Save money and time by booking your travel tickets on Paytm. You can find cheap flight tickets, train tickets, and bus tickets on Paytm. Compare the prices, get schedules, pick the best-suited seat, and experience easy ticket booking services online. You can also save money on your travel by applying promo codes on flights, buses & trains to get cashback in your Paytm UPI on your travel tickets.

Flight Tickets- Just enter your boarding and destination city to know all the flight ticket prices for both domestic flights and international flights.

Train Ticket Booking- Check PNR status, find train schedule, and get train seat availability for your online train ticket bookings. Just enter your boarding and destination station or city to know all the train ticket prices. Make instant train reservations through Paytm and save money with cashback.

Bus Tickets- Make fast online bus ticket booking for both AC and non-AC buses, private and government buses on Paytm. Find all the buses and timings along with bus ticket offers for your bus tickets.

Book Events, Movies, and Endless Entertainment with Paytm

Relive the moment and revive your daily routine with an amazing experience at an incredible amusement park. Find movie showtimes, and movie theaters to book your movie tickets online and get movie ticket offers.

Enjoy the hottest buzz in the town, and do not miss out on the latest shows and events of your favorite artists, be it a music concert or booking a ticket to your favorite standup comedy show, you can do it all without hassle on Paytm. Our entertainment section enables you to book tickets online for Movies and Events in a matter of a few clicks and escape from your busy schedule.

24X7 Help If we fall short of your expectations in any way, let us know.
100% Assurance If you face any issue, your money is immediately refunded. Sit back shop on.
Paytm Trust Your money is yours. All refunds come with no question asked guarantee.
About Us
24x7 Help
Partner with us
Grievance policy
Blog
Bug bounty
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Become a Seller & EarnPaytm for Business
Be Safe. Be Vigilant

Please do not share your Paytm password, Credit/Debit card pin, other confidential information with anyone even if he/she claims to be from Paytm. We advise our customers to completely ignore such communications & report to us at cybercell@paytmbank.com

Disclaimers

Cashback is 'Paytm loyalty cashback' given by 'Pay with Paytm' payment platform. It can be used to pay for goods & services sold by merchants that accept 'Pay with Paytm'

Bank Grade Security with
Company
About Us
CSR
Blog
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Sustainability
UPI Payment App (Android)
UPI Payment App (iOS)
FAQs
Career
Recharge & pay bills
Mobile Recharge
Mobile Bill Payment
Datacard Recharge
Datacard Bill Payment
Dth Recharge
Electricity Bill Payment
Landline Bill Payment
Broadband Bill Payment
Gas Bill Payment
Water Bill Payment
Metro Card Recharge
Municipal Recharge
Toll Recharge
Credit Bill Payment
Cabletv Recharge
Devotion
Fastag Recharge
Recharge & Bill Payments App (Android)
Recharge & Bill Payments App (iOS)
Pay Loan EMI, Insurance Premiums & Education Fee
Pay Loan EMI
Pay Insurance Premium
Book Travel & Entertainment
Movie Ticket Booking
Bus Ticket Booking
Flight Tickets Booking
Train Ticket Booking
Upcoming Movies
Trains Sitemap
Bus Sitemap
Paytm Checkin Flight Ticket Booking App (Android)
Paytm Checkin Flight Ticket Booking App (iOS)
Paytm Checkin Bus Ticket Booking App (Android)
Paytm Checkin Bus Ticket Booking App (iOS)
Paytm Checkin Train Ticket Booking App (Android)
Paytm Checkin Train Ticket Booking App (iOS)
Travel Blog
Investments & Miscellaneous
Mutual Fund Investments
Fee Payment
Google Play Recharge
Train Tickets
Paytm Service Agent
Paytm Careers
Free Credit Score
Investments App (Android)
Investments App (iOS)
Apply for Field Sales Executive Job
Become a Paytm Ambassador
Loans and Credit Cards
Postpaid
Credit Cards
Personal Loan
Credit Report
Loan & Credit Cards App (Android)
Loan & Credit Cards App (iOS)
Financial Tools & Calculators
EMI Calculator
Personal Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Car Loan EMI Calculator
IFSC Code Finder
Financial Tools & Calculators
Currency Converter
List of Currencies
Currency Converter Sitemap
IFSC Code Sitemap
Income Tax Calculator
HRA Calculator
PPF Calculator
Gratuity Calculator
NPS Calculator
Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana Calculator
EPF Calculator
APY Calculator
Retirement Calculator
SIP Calculator
Mutual Fund Calculator
Lumpsum Calculator
SWP Calculator
FD Calculator
RD Calculator
GST Calculator
Compound Interest Calculator
Simple Interest Calculator
Educational Loan EMI Calculator
Finance App (Android)
Finance App (iOS)
© 2025 Paytm
Follow Us