Industry Leading Computer IT Support | PCCC Services Raptor Email Security Phishing Prevention Testing and Training IT & Phishing Prevention Training cPanel Hosting + Raptor Email Security PCCC TLC Support Raptor Dashboard Raptor Continuity Raptor Documentation About PCCC Leadership History Code of Ethics Anti-Spam Community Contact Us Experience You Can Trust Peregrine Computer Consultants Corporation was founded in 1993. PCCC is a highly skilled computer consulting firm that provides top-notch computer IT support, industry-leading anti-spam filtering, tender-loving-care for your website, and much more.  We love solving difficult problems and providing exemplary service at fair rates. Raptor Email Security Raptor Email Security provides quality, comprehensive defense against all malware threats such as viruses, trojans, worms, browser hijackers, key trackers, backdoors, adware, spyware, spam, etc. before it reaches your mail server and inbox. Learn More cPanel Hosting + Raptor Email Security Our premier web and email hosting service harnesses the power of cPanel’s automation tools for website management combined with Raptor Email Security for a premium email experience deployed on managed servers for a complete solution! Learn More IT & Phishing Prevention Training PCCC provides personalized, engaging and interactive training that targets your organization’s issues and needs.  Our training is always up to date and leverages our extensive catalog of materials for custom training at competitive rates. Learn More Client Reviews When the City of Parkersburg needed phishing and spam training for its employees and admins, we selected Kevin and his team and couldn’t have been happier. The training was fun, topical, filled with useful tips and real world examples, and most importantly, resonated with our non-technical and technical staff alike. Kevin’s proven experience and ability to drive engagement through personal anecdotes was an extremely effective combination and helped us to create a more security aware culture. Garrett Bradlyn Biztec The content of the cybersecurity practicum is so incredibly valuable in any job within the cyber security industry. As an Account Executive, I've changed the way I write emails, I've become more specific with describing technical issues, and I've applied the Linux techniques you shared to my penetration testing knowledge. I took over 25 pages of notes, and I would do it all again just to reinforce my knowledge. Also, I loved the cyber sales content. They clearly know their stuff. Jake Mattison Veracode As a media company, WBRZ relies on email as a means of communication. In this day and age, there are a lot of threats that come through email that could interfere with our ability to communicate. Raptor Email Security adds to our layered approach to security, having many layers itself, giving us the ability to communicate without the stress. Over the years, we have used and evaluated many products. "It is unbelievable how well Raptor Email Security works. There is no reason anyone should use Barracuda, Cisco Ironport or any other service, they are inferior. The work put into this product really shows. John Pecaut WBRZ My company has been using Raptor Email Security for a number of years. The program has been excellent, screening out potentially problematic emails including those with malware viruses or even just annoying spam emails. The great thing about the program is that suspicious emails are flagged and quarantined, thus giving me a chance to preview the sender and initial text as well as other particulars with the email without exposing our system to any threats. Brian Craig Essential Formulas Over the past 15 years, Peregrine has been an intricate part of the services Griffin offers to it's customers. Our customers and many others get spammed on multiple levels. Without Peregrine's offering, we'd have a lot more emergencies to handle! If it's Office 365, local Exchange, or Google Apps, trust Peregine for your email security! Hands down the best service in the business! John Lloyd Griffin Networks Before switching to Peregrine’s anti-spam service, our e-mail accounts were plagued with a daily avalanche of junk. No more! We’re now 99% spam-free and can concentrate on communications that are relevant to our non-profit work. Thank you, Peregrine! Daniella Thompson Berkeley Architechural Heritage Association We have now been using PCCC's Raptor Email Security for over two months now and it has worked flawlessly for us.  I’ve been pleasantly surprised at how proactive Raptor has been with alerting us to potential issues with emails being relayed out. Another nice feature is the Raptor Admin Dashboard. It is very nice to be able to look, at a glance, at numbers that we have never been able to see previously. I must commend you guys on a great service and would highly recommend your company to anyone looking for similar services. Larry Horsemen Calvert County Public Schools PCCC has helped manage our website for the past couple of years. They are professional, responsive, helpful, and fair with their pricing.  I would highly recommend using their services. Zack Rainy J.D. Long Masonry Working together, with unbelievably excellent support, response and care, we were able to keep all our cPanel servers in place with more confidence in service than ever before. We were also able to do this for a nominal fee, appealing to our customers and no retraining or interruption in service. The peace of mind I now have knowing how much expertise and effort is protecting us literally makes my life better. Our customers feel it as well, and in some cases, giddy with the results. I feel it’s difficult for me to properly express my satisfaction with Peregrine without wearing out all the flowery adjectives in the world. Simply put, they solved my problems effectively and affordably. Knute Judsen Geek Genius The Raptor service eliminates a significant amount of spam before reaching our servers and user inboxes. The accuracy of the algorithm is impressive. I cannot recall a single case of a message being lost due to false-positive filtering despite the high volume of spam being intercepted by Raptor. In addition, we appreciate your willingness to work with us to diagnose infrequent but challenging email issues. Ed Martino ASMFC / ACCSP For the past 27 years, my email account at swaney.com has collected a large amount of spam and malware on a DAILY basis. Since switching to Raptor Email Security, I have virtually ZERO spam coming into my email account.   Way to go Raptor! Steve Swaney Fort Systems Ltd PCCC's Raptor Spam Product offers an excellent value across our hosted email platform. The modern interface allows for easy use, while the software is reliable and seamless throughout. Large reduction in spam, with added time savings and security necessary in today’s Spam-Bot world. Mike Wagnon The Lenkin Company We have been using PCCC’s Raptor Email Security solution for one year now and have been very impressed with their professionalism and responsiveness.  As a school system, we have unique and complex security needs.  KAM and the team at PCCC tailored their solution to resolve each of our issues.  We are very comfortable and confident in their system and their abilities to protect us.  Raptor Email Security continues to perform at a high level and protect us even as we have seen email attacks triple over the past few years! Steve Meyer Clearview Public Schools Need More Information? Click the link below to contact us by email or call us by phone at +1.703.359.9700 Contact Us Company Leadership History Code of Ethics Legal Notices LinkedIn Resources Services Raptor Dashboard Raptor Continuity Raptor Documentation Get in Touch Contact Us Copyright © 2025 Peregrine Computer Consultants Corporation. All trademarks and registered service marks are the property of their respective companies.