Skip to main content
PC Gamer
US Edition
SUBSCRIBE 
Sign in
Games
Hardware
News
Reviews
Guides
Video
Forum
More 
POPULAR
GOTY Awards
Fallout Season 2
Best PC gear
Arc Raiders
Quizzes
NEWS STREAM
Disney's embarrassing AI-generated Star Wars video of scrambled-up animals was the opening salvo in a year full of AI humiliation
Slay the Spire gets the best Christmas present a deckbuilder could ask for: a new all-time concurrent player peak on Steam nearly 7 years after release
The best indie Pokémon-like on PC is free on Epic for a limited time
Action RPG players will exploit anything in the name of efficiency, which is why Path of Exile 2 players are locking themselves in the campaign for profit
Peak devs were ready to go 'into vacation mode' after releasing it, but then it sold 1M copies in the first week: 'That quickly became a pipe dream'
'It was definitely interesting': Persona 5: The Phantom X developer was surprised that people outside of Japan were 'cheering' for the Subway Slammer
Persona 5: The Phantom X had a hard time doing away with the series' iconic calendar system: 'It was very difficult to convince the team'
'Our fans have been very passionate': How player feedback has been at the core of the first six months of Persona 5: The Phantom X
An innocuous video about how FromSoft protagonists are 5 feet 7 inches tall led to me becoming weirdly fixated about videogame character height this year
Star Citizen is on course to reach $1 billion in player funding in 2026, and we still might not get to play its singleplayer campaign next year
Steam seems to be back to normal, at least for the moment, but now it looks like the Epic Games Store is getting hammered
Blade director reassures suffering fans with soothing words: 'Please be patient, it will be a special game'
Welcome to the FPS vibe shift
19 Comments
CHANGE
I played more than 20 metroidvanias this year other than Silksong, and these are the ones doing the most creative/experimental things with the genre
MULTIVANIA
The Fractal Design Scape feels like a gaming headset from the future, which makes it the best thing I've tested in 2035. I mean, this year
GEAR OF THE YEAR
Well, this year's graphics card launches were a right shitshow, eh?
LAUNCH MALFUNCTION
It was a good year for survival crafting sickos, and I'll be playing some of these well into 2026
9 Comments
BUILDING BLOCKS
LATEST VIDEOS & TRAILERS
 
Arc Raiders dev on art style, player feedback and the game's "10 year plan" | Developer debrief

Arc Raiders is redefining the extraction shooter after a successful 2025 launch. We sat down with Embark Studios' Art Director Robert Sammelin to discuss the art style of the game, how Embark implements player...

Divinity: Larian Studios on their most ambitious RPG yet | Developer debrief

We tested Valve's NEW hardware: Steam Frame, Steam Machine and Steam Controller | Critical Rig

We need to talk about Katamari Damacy

FEAR: Still as iconic 20 years later? | Why We Play

Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 has an identity crisis

LATEST UPDATES
PC Gamer's Game of the Year Awards 2025
95 Comments
THE GOTYS
I hated using oil pastels in school, but this artist has made me want to give them a second chance thanks to their adorable, low-poly video game character paintings

By Kara Phillips published 16 hours ago

Low-poly, high-quality.

PRETTY PICTURE
Steam has quietly become the best place to buy videogame soundtracks—even for games that were never released on PC

By Kerry Brunskill published 17 hours ago

5 games I played this year made me rush out and buy their soundtracks, and each was rewarding to own in a different way.

HIGH NOTES
2025 was the best year for ninja games ever, but all of them just made it clear that 2008's Ninja Gaiden 2 remains untouchable

By Wes Fenlon published 19 hours ago

This year's Ninja Gaiden 2 Black finally does right by a messy but one-of-a-kind action game.

🏆
The End Times are almost here, but can you name all 105 Legendary Lords in Total War: Warhammer before Nagash consumes their souls?

By Sean Martin published 19 hours ago

A race against (end) time.

THE END
I'm obsessed with detective games, and I think these 9 prove that 2025 was the best year for the genre ever

By Abbie Stone published 19 hours ago

It’s a real genre renaissance out there, chief.

CASE CLOSED
Disney's embarrassing AI-generated Star Wars video of scrambled-up animals was the opening salvo in a year full of AI humiliation

By Lincoln Carpenter published 19 hours ago

2025 was the year of creative bankruptcy.

9 Comments
TRAGIC KINGDOM
PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming mouse of 2025

By Jacob Fox published 20 hours ago

Three rodent contenders, but only one winner for the year.

GEAR OF THE YEAR
A game about giant, helpless teddy bears fleeing a dying world may be a bit on the nose right now, but it's also my favorite game of 2025

By Andy Chalk published 20 hours ago

Herdling is a small, simple diversion, and sometimes that's exactly what you need.

🏆
HARDWARE BUYING GUIDES
LATEST GAME REVIEWS
1
Best gaming monitors in 2025: the pixel-perfect panels I'd buy myself
2
The best fish tank PC case in 2025: I've tested heaps of stylish chassis but only a few have earned my recommendation
3
Best gaming laptop 2025: I've tested the best laptops for gaming of this generation and here are the ones I recommend
4
Best Hall effect keyboards in 2025: the fastest, most customizable keyboards for competitive gaming
5
Best PCIe 5.0 SSD for gaming in 2025: the only Gen 5 drives I will allow in my PC
MEET THE TEAM
Chris Livingston

Senior Editor, foremost NPC scholar

Dave James

Editor-in-Chief, Hardware, tech wiz since '05

Lauren Morton

Lead SEO Editor, cozy game connoisseur

Tyler Wilde

Executive Editor, stuck in Diamond

Morgan Park

Staff Writer, shooter guy

Jody Macgregor

Weekend Editor, played every WH40K game

Andy Chalk

News Lead, still owns a TRS-80

Fraser Brown

Online Editor, grand strategy evangelist

Robin Valentine

Senior Editor, toy soldier enthusiast

Wes Fenlon

Senior Editor, scanline obsessee

Jacob Ridley

Managing Editor, Hardware, #1 gamer

Phil Savage

Editor-in-Chief, Tub Geralt Enjoyer

Evan Lahti

Global Editor-in-Chief, FPS enjoyer

Tim Clark

Brand Director, flawless Destiny raider

Mollie Taylor

News Writer

Shaun Prescott

Australian Editor

Rich Stanton

Senior Editor

Stevie Ward

Community Manager

LATEST GUIDES
What's free on the Epic Games Store right now?

By Lauren Morton last updated 18 hours ago

Stay up to date on what games Epic is giving away each week this year.

10 Comments
FREE STUFF
007 First Light: All the key details on IO Interactive's upcoming stealth action game

By Tyler Colp last updated December 24, 2025

Agent 47 walked so 007 could run.

ICEBREAKER
Upcoming 2026 games: All the new PC games you won't want to miss, from big hits to hidden gems

By Andrea Shearon last updated December 24, 2025

We're still waiting on a GTA 6 PC release date.

17 Comments
FUTURE PROOF
Fortnite's Chapter 7 map guide: Where to land, boss locations, mythics and hot-air balloons

By Samuel Horti last updated December 24, 2025

Glide your way to victory with the hottest drop spots.

DROP IN
How to get the Arcane Pickaxe in The Forge

By Andrea Shearon published December 23, 2025

It's the best Pickaxe in The Forge, for now.

STAR BRIGHT
99 Nights in the Forest Christmas update—Everything to know about the elves, candy canes, and weekly updates

By Andrea Shearon last updated December 22, 2025

The Deer gets coal, but the rest of you get presents if you survive.

🎁
VIEW MORE 
MORE UPDATES
The top 100 PC games
110 Comments
CLASS OF 2025
Out of all the new hardware that has passed through my hands in 2025, nothing has made an impact like a certain Wi-Fi 7 router has

By Nick Evanson published 2 days ago

No joke, it's been the best upgrade I've done in years.

18 Comments
GEAR OF THE YEAR
Are these Arc Raiders myths true or false? You tell me

By Rory Norris published 2 days ago

How well do you know the odd intricacies of life Topside?

MYTHBUSTERS
PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming motherboard of 2025

By Nick Evanson published 2 days ago

Motherboards are the only way that Intel stands any chance of winning an award this year.

GEAR OF THE YEAR
A psychic baby and whacky control scheme undersell the mundane brilliance of one of my favourite games this year

By James Bentley published 2 days ago

It's hard to say goodbye to Goodnight Universe.

🏆
Counterfeit Monkey is so magnificent a text adventure that I'm convinced the puzzle genre went wrong when it added graphics

By Jeremy Peel published 2 days ago

The power of the written word can quite literally change nations in this sci-fi masterpiece.

WORD UP
PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming CPU of 2025

By Nick Evanson published 2 days ago

It's another slam dunk for AMD, of course, but that doesn't mean there's an obvious winner.

GEAR OF THE YEAR
I spent 2025 digging through all the word game roguelikes flooding Steam to see if any could capture Balatro’s magic—here are the highly scientific results

By Abbie Stone published 3 days ago

Sweet spell of success?

BAD-LATRO?
Relax after a holiday feast by joining us for a nostalgic tour of old Japanese game mags that blurred the lines between analogue and digital

By Kerry Brunskill published 3 days ago

Compile's DiscStation series went far beyond the basic demo disc.

PASOKON RETRO
PC gaming has a pricing problem, and the memory crisis is compounding it in a way that's utterly heartbreaking for our hobby

By Andy Edser published 3 days ago

Money, money, money.

7 Comments
HARD TIMES
Upcoming 2026 games: All the new PC games you won't want to miss, from big hits to hidden gems
17 Comments
FUTURE PROOF
My fave piece of PC gaming tech to launch this year was the softest kind of hardware there is

By Jacob Fox published 3 days ago

Yes, a humble mouse pad.

GEAR OF THE YEAR
Tiny Bookshop gave me the moment every book lover lives for: recommending the perfect book to a friend and them instantly loving it

By Lauren Morton published 3 days ago

I basked in validation as a book-loving gamer getting to recommend my own favorite reads to my fictional customers.

🏆
Are you a proper Sims buff? See if you can name all 97 expansion, game, and stuff packs in our quiz!

By Mollie Taylor published 3 days ago

With 25 years' worth of paid add-ons, just how many of them do you actually remember?

SIM-PLE
Story of Seasons: Grand Bazaar taught me that farming simulators don't have to follow the same routine to be just as fun as Stardew Valley this year

By Kara Phillips published 3 days ago

Clocking out of my 9-5 and clocking into my 5-9.

🏆
PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best SSD of 2025

By Jess Kinghorn published 3 days ago

I see three SSD queens before me—but which one will take the crown home?

GEAR OF THE YEAR
PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming handheld of 2025

By James Bentley published 3 days ago

It's been a varied year for handhelds, with all three of the top models being from different manufacturers.

GEAR OF THE YEAR
2025 might have been the year for Linux gaming, but there's still a way to go until I switch from Windows

By Jacob Fox published December 26, 2025

Windows, sadly, still offers some things that Linux cannot.

58 Comments
RELUCTANTLY MICROSOFT
I know I'll get rinsed by rising costs somewhere when building a PC but my favorite product this year was one of a few things that didn't ask for more money

By Jacob Ridley published December 26, 2025

Let's give it up for affordable all-in-one liquid coolers.

7 Comments
GEAR OF THE YEAR
System Shock 2: 25th Anniversary Edition is the absolute gold standard of remasters

By Joshua Wolens published December 26, 2025

No, really: Look at you, hacker.

🏆
The biggest gaming news, reviews and hardware deals

Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team.

Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands
Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors
By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
LATEST CODES
All Jujutsu Shenanigans codes for December 2025: Cash and emotes

By Andrea Shearon last updated 2 days ago

Claim these codes for more emotes, animations, and soda funds.

CURSED
All Raise Animals codes for December 2025: Rubies and Corals

By Kara Phillips last updated 2 days ago

Claim these codes for Rubies and Corals.

FURRY FRIENDS
All Playground Basketball codes for December 2025: coins

By Kara Phillips last updated 2 days ago

All active Playground Basketball codes to redeem for coins.

SLAM DUNK
VIEW MORE 
LATEST COUPONS
Logitech Promo Codes for December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these Logitech promo codes on computer audio devices, mice, keyboards, webcams, and more.

Logitech G Promo Codes for December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these Logitech G promo codes on keyboards, mice, headsets, and more.

Dell Coupon Codes | December 2025 |

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these Dell coupon codes on PCs, laptops, gaming PCs, Alienware, monitors, printers, and more.

FlexiSpot Discount Codes for December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these FlexiSpot discount codes on gaming chairs, standing desks, adjustable beds, and more.

Autodesk Promo Code - - December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these Autodesk promo codes on AutoCAD, Autodesk Fusion 360, and more.

Sennheiser Coupon Codes for December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these Sennheiser coupon codes on noise-cancelling headphones, wireless headphones, in-ear, over-ear and more.

Acer Promo Codes & Discount Codes - - December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED We have Acer coupon codes so you can save on laptops, PCs, monitors, tablets, and more.

GameStop Coupon Code - - December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with these GameStop promo codes on video games from Xbox Series X, PS5, Nintendo Switch, PC, and more.

Newegg Promo Codes for December 2025

Posted

SPONSORED Save with our Newegg promo codes on computer parts, PCs, gaming devices, home appliances, and more.

VIEW MORE 

PC Gamer is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

Add as a preferred source on Google
About Us
Contact Future's experts
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Careers

© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.