PC Gamer Skip to main content Open menu Close main menu PC Gamer THE GLOBAL AUTHORITY ON PC GAMES US Edition UK US Canada Australia Subscribe Sign in View Profile Sign out Search Search PC Gamer Games Hardware News Reviews Guides Video Forum More PC Gaming Show Software Movies & TV Codes Coupons Magazine Newsletter Affiliate links Meet the team Community guidelines About PC Gamer PC Gamer Magazine Subscription Why subscribe? Subscribe to the world's #1 PC gaming mag Try a single issue or save on a subscription Issues delivered straight to your door or device From $32.49 Subscribe now Popular GOTY Awards Fallout Season 2 Best PC gear Arc Raiders Quizzes 'Friendslop' dominated 2025 by proving time and time again that graphics are overrated 17 Comments LOOKS GOOD News Stream Eric Barone makes $125,000 donation to the C# framework Stardew Valley uses, as well as 'an ongoing monthly commitment' in what the team behind it calls an 'extraordinary show of support' Justin Wagner published 30 December 25 News MonoGame has been used to make all sorts of notable games, including Celeste and Bastion. This indie WarioWare-like released a teaser just to show off its 'game over' music, and after hearing it, I can see why Justin Wagner published 30 December 25 News Mindwave is shaping up to be just as groovy as its inspirations. This sequel to a classic NES beat 'em up is about to be delisted from Steam, but you can get it for a few bucks in the meantime: 'The delisting process is currently underway' Justin Wagner published 30 December 25 News River City Ransom: Underground is dirt cheap until it's gone forever. I can tell World of Warcraft's player housing is going well by the amount of Star Wars stuff this one player keeps building Tyler Colp published 30 December 25 news Provide the tools and they will build it. Some of my favorite childhood platformers are free on Epic for today only, and they've all been updated for better crossplay with Steam owners Justin Wagner published 30 December 25 News Trine's a little long in the tooth now, but its co-op antics are no less enjoyable. Arc Raiders was Steam's best-selling game the week of Christmas, and Battlefield 6 wasn't far behind Justin Wagner published 30 December 25 News Casual-friendly shooters ruled the roost this holiday season. None of us are at good at action RPGs as the Path of Exile 2 player who beat one of its toughest bosses without any gear: 'What did I just witness?' Tyler Colp published 29 December 25 news No weapons, no armor, and no healing flasks. Fallen Aces's second episode won't be out this year, but it will feature a first-person car chase with a tommy gun in both hands and a foot-operated steering wheel Justin Wagner published 29 December 25 News Bad news, rad news. Rainbow Six Siege servers are back after hackers randomly doled out bans, unbans, rare skins and 'billions' in in-game currency Justin Wagner published 29 December 25 News Any transactions made with the sudden influx of credits have been rolled back. GOG crawls out from under CD Projekt Red with a new owner and teases 'ambitious' plans for classic game 'rescue missions' starting next year Tyler Colp published 29 December 25 news Don't worry: Your library of games is safe. Slay the Spire gets the best Christmas present a deckbuilder could ask for: a new all-time concurrent player peak on Steam nearly 7 years after release Justin Wagner published 27 December 25 News Slay bells jingling. The best indie Pokémon-like on PC is free on Epic for a limited time Justin Wagner published 27 December 25 News Cassette Beasts may have stiff competition, but it boasts online multiplayer and a unique creature fusion system. More News 'Friendslop' dominated 2025 by proving time and time again that graphics are overrated 17 Comments LOOKS GOOD AI, Crysis, lusty argonians, and pinball: These are our most-read news stories of 2025 A look back at the year that was, as chosen (sort of) by you. News of 2025 Love it or hate it, but frame generation is the one major graphics technology that really needs improving in 2026 Upscaling is almost perfect. Now it's frame gen's time. 23 Comments Next gen Last year I predicted all three of Valve's announcements so now I reckon I have the ability to speak these 2026 prophecies into reality I predict a near-perfect year for PC gaming hardware, mark my words. 27 Comments I know the future 'A good idea, infinite drive, and lots of Diet Pepsi': How YouTube essayist Majuular's life changed course telling the story of Ultima across 2 years and more than 20 hours of documentaries 11 Comments News Continued Eric Barone makes $125,000 donation to the C# framework Stardew Valley uses, as well as 'an ongoing monthly commitment' in what the team behind it calls an 'extraordinary show of support' News This indie WarioWare-like released a teaser just to show off its 'game over' music, and after hearing it, I can see why News This sequel to a classic NES beat 'em up is about to be delisted from Steam, but you can get it for a few bucks in the meantime: 'The delisting process is currently underway' News Eric Barone makes $125,000 donation to the C# framework Stardew Valley uses, as well as 'an ongoing monthly commitment' in what the team behind it calls an 'extraordinary show of support' This indie WarioWare-like released a teaser just to show off its 'game over' music, and after hearing it, I can see why This sequel to a classic NES beat 'em up is about to be delisted from Steam, but you can get it for a few bucks in the meantime: 'The delisting process is currently underway' I can tell World of Warcraft's player housing is going well by the amount of Star Wars stuff this one player keeps building Some of my favorite childhood platformers are free on Epic for today only, and they've all been updated for better crossplay with Steam owners Arc Raiders was Steam's best-selling game the week of Christmas, and Battlefield 6 wasn't far behind None of us are at good at action RPGs as the Path of Exile 2 player who beat one of its toughest bosses without any gear: 'What did I just witness?' Fallen Aces's second episode won't be out this year, but it will feature a first-person car chase with a tommy gun in both hands and a foot-operated steering wheel Rainbow Six Siege servers are back after hackers randomly doled out bans, unbans, rare skins and 'billions' in in-game currency GOG crawls out from under CD Projekt Red with a new owner and teases 'ambitious' plans for classic game 'rescue missions' starting next year Slay the Spire gets the best Christmas present a deckbuilder could ask for: a new all-time concurrent player peak on Steam nearly 7 years after release The best indie Pokémon-like on PC is free on Epic for a limited time Action RPG players will exploit anything in the name of efficiency, which is why Path of Exile 2 players are locking themselves in the campaign for profit Latest Videos & Trailers Arc Raiders dev on art style, player feedback and the game's "10 year plan" | Developer debrief Arc Raiders is redefining the extraction shooter after a successful 2025 launch. We sat down with Embark Studios' Art Director Robert Sammelin to discuss the art style of the game, how Embark implements player feedback, and what the future holds in store for Arc Raiders. Divinity: Larian Studios on their most ambitious RPG yet | Developer debrief After setting a new bar for RPGs with Baldur's Gate 3, Larian Studios is working on a new Divinity game, set to be their biggest and most ambitious project yet. At the 2025 Game Awards, we caught up with Swen Vincke, CEO of Larian Studios, Adam Smith, Writing Director, and Chrystal Ding, Lead Writer about the game's announcement, what players can expect, and how far through development they are. We tested Valve's NEW hardware: Steam Frame, Steam Machine and Steam Controller | Critical Rig Valve has announced three new pieces of Steam hardware: the Steam Machine, Steam Frame, and a new Steam Controller. PC Gamer's Jacob Ridley was invited out to Valve HQ in Washington to try them out. We need to talk about Katamari Damacy The wacky world of Katamari Damacy has been gracing our screens since 2004 now, but what exactly is it? And why is it's first mainline release after 14 years so significant? This week, I want to talk to you about all things Once Upon a Katamari, and maybe we can keep rolling together. FEAR: Still as iconic 20 years later? | Why We Play Time to switch off the lights, turn up the volume and revisit one of gaming's most iconic horror shooters: F.E.A.R. - First Encounter Assault Recon, which turned 20 in October. Released in 2005, we take a look back at what made Monolith Productions' heart-pounding FPS special, delving into the films that influenced it, the electrifying combat, and its innovative approach to AI. Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 has an identity crisis Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 being released is an achievement in itself. With one of the most disruptive development journeys that a game has ever had, this sequel to such a cult classic had a lot to live up to. PCG's Fraser Brown is here to tell you his thoughts on what is good about the game, where its strengths lie and which aspects left him wanting more. Latest Updates PC Gamer's Game of the Year Awards 2025 By Phil Savage published 16 December 25 The Gotys Our favourite PC games of the year. 95 Comments The Gotys PC Gamer Hardware Awards 2025: All the winners from a bumper 12 months of PC gaming tech By Dave James published 31 December 25 winners! We've had our hands on the absolute best PC hardware the industry has had to offer in this bountiful year, and these are the winners. winners! The most surprising cozy game trend this year was the desktop pet renaissance By Lauren Morton published 31 December 25 Computer Critters Desktop pets are back, bigger than ever, and surprisingly vibrant. Computer Critters 2025 was Fortnite's most topsy-turvy year ever with soaring peaks, miserable lows, and a raging AI debate By Samuel Horti published 30 December 25 epic journey Plenty of reasons to be optimistic—and a few concerns epic journey Razer's little Blade has been my ride-or-die throughout the year and is my absolute favourite gaming laptop of 2025 By Dave James published 30 December 25 Gear of the Year Through thick and thin. Gear of the Year PC Gamer Hardware Awards: 2025's wildcards—the best of the rest is full of surprises By Jess Kinghorn published 30 December 25 Gear of the year Wildcards keep us guessing every year, shedding light on the hardware hits that don't easily fit into a neat category elsewhere. Gear of the year Can you order the games of 2025 by their release dates? Sort out the year's release calendar in our latest quiz! By Christopher Livingston published 30 December 25 Let's date Let's see how well you remember the last 12 months. Let's date PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best graphics card of 2025 By Dave James published 30 December 25 Gear of the year A whole new generation of graphics cards dropped this year, but which can take the crown? Gear of the year 2025's best soulslike wasn't Nightreign, it was a DLC for a game we all dismissed as a Bloodborne clone back in 2022 By Harvey Randall published 30 December 25 NO LIE Lies of P: Overture is a game no longer held down by its own strings. NO LIE HARDWARE BUYING GUIDES LATEST GAME REVIEWS 1 Best gaming monitors in 2025: the pixel-perfect panels I'd buy myself 2 The best fish tank PC case in 2025: I've tested heaps of stylish chassis but only a few have earned my recommendation 3 Best gaming laptop 2025: I've tested the best laptops for gaming of this generation and here are the ones I recommend 4 Best Hall effect keyboards in 2025: the fastest, most customizable keyboards for competitive gaming 5 Best PCIe 5.0 SSD for gaming in 2025: the only Gen 5 drives I will allow in my PC 1 Acer Predator Orion 3000 review 2 Acer Predator Orion 7000 review 3 Dangbei DBOX02 Pro review 4 Death Howl review 5 NZXT Player Three Prime review Meet the team Chris Livingston Senior Editor, foremost NPC scholar Dave James Editor-in-Chief, Hardware, tech wiz since '05 Lauren Morton Lead SEO Editor, cozy game connoisseur Tyler Wilde Executive Editor, stuck in Diamond Morgan Park Staff Writer, shooter guy Jody Macgregor Weekend Editor, played every WH40K game Andy Chalk News Lead, still owns a TRS-80 Fraser Brown Online Editor, grand strategy evangelist Robin Valentine Senior Editor, toy soldier enthusiast Wes Fenlon Senior Editor, scanline obsessee Jacob Ridley Managing Editor, Hardware, #1 gamer Phil Savage Editor-in-Chief, Tub Geralt Enjoyer Evan Lahti Global Editor-in-Chief, FPS enjoyer Tim Clark Brand Director, flawless Destiny raider Mollie Taylor News Writer Shaun Prescott Australian Editor Rich Stanton Senior Editor Stevie Ward Community Manager Latest Guides What's free on the Epic Games Store right now? By Lauren Morton last updated 30 December 25 FREE STUFF Stay up to date on what games Epic is giving away each week this year. 11 Comments FREE STUFF 007 First Light: All the key details on IO Interactive's upcoming stealth action game By Tyler Colp last updated 24 December 25 Icebreaker Agent 47 walked so 007 could run. Icebreaker Upcoming 2026 games: All the new PC games you won't want to miss, from big hits to hidden gems By Andrea Shearon last updated 23 December 25 Future Proof We're still waiting on a GTA 6 PC release date. 19 Comments Future Proof Fortnite's Chapter 7 map guide: Where to land, boss locations, mythics and hot-air balloons By Samuel Horti last updated 23 December 25 Drop in Glide your way to victory with the hottest drop spots. Drop in How to get the Arcane Pickaxe in The Forge By Andrea Shearon published 22 December 25 Star Bright It's the best Pickaxe in The Forge, for now. Star Bright 99 Nights in the Forest Christmas update—Everything to know about the elves, candy canes, and weekly updates By Andrea Shearon last updated 22 December 25 🎁 The Deer gets coal, but the rest of you get presents if you survive. 🎁 VIEW MORE More Updates The top 100 PC games By Phil Savage published 20 October 25 110 Comments Class of 2025 Path of Exile 2's new druid class is the most fun you can have being a bear in a videogame right now By Russell Adderson published 29 December 25 Go Bears I can bearly contain myself. Go Bears I played 31 new cozy games this year, and my top 6 picks are all completely different By Kara Phillips published 29 December 25 Cozy up Sometimes you just have to try something new. 7 Comments Cozy up 2025 is the year I discovered I love charging docks, and it's all because of one surprisingly reasonably priced gaming mouse By James Bentley published 29 December 25 Gear of the Year 8BitDo what others don't. Gear of the Year 2025 has been the pinnacle of weird and interesting videogames, and for me, not a single one can define the year as a whole By Mollie Taylor published 29 December 25 Odds 'n' ends A verifiable pick 'n' mix of cool videogames leaves me struggling to define 2025 by just one. Odds 'n' ends Peak shows you don't need horror or quirky party games to be one of the best co-ops in years By Mollie Taylor published 29 December 25 🏆 Be prepared, be Peak. 🏆 We're living in the new golden age of 2D beat-'em-ups—but the best one released this year had one foot in a different genre entirely By Robin Valentine published 29 December 25 🏆 Absolum offers a vision of the future for a 40 year old formula. 🏆 PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming microphone of 2025 By Andy Edser published 29 December 25 Gear of the year Join me for a look back at the microphone movers of 2025. Gear of the year How well do you know the videogame movie and TV adaptations of 2025? Test your viewing prowess with some trivia! By Christopher Livingston published 29 December 25 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿 Did you stop playing games long enough this year to see some movies and shows based on games? 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿 PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming headset of 2025 By Andy Edser published 29 December 25 Gear of the year It's been a helluva year for gaming headsets, but which of our three contenders will take the ultimate prize? Gear of the year Upcoming 2026 games: All the new PC games you won't want to miss, from big hits to hidden gems By Andrea Shearon last updated 23 December 25 19 Comments Future Proof I hated using oil pastels in school, but this artist has made me want to give them a second chance thanks to their adorable, low-poly video game character paintings By Kara Phillips published 28 December 25 Pretty picture Low-poly, high-quality. Pretty picture Steam has quietly become the best place to buy videogame soundtracks—even for games that were never released on PC By Kerry Brunskill published 28 December 25 High notes 5 games I played this year made me rush out and buy their soundtracks, and each was rewarding to own in a different way. 7 Comments High notes The Fractal Design Scape feels like a gaming headset from the future, which makes it the best thing I've tested in 2035. I mean, this year By Andy Edser published 28 December 25 Gear of the Year I've seen the light, and I don't want to go back. 16 Comments Gear of the Year I played more than 20 metroidvanias this year other than Silksong, and these are the ones doing the most creative/experimental things with the genre By Dominic Tarason published 28 December 25 Multivania Already unspooled Silksong? Here's six other platformers exploring new concepts. 7 Comments Multivania I'm obsessed with detective games, and I think these 9 prove that 2025 was the best year for the genre ever By Abbie Stone published 28 December 25 CASE CLOSED It’s a real genre renaissance out there, chief. CASE CLOSED Disney's embarrassing AI-generated Star Wars video of scrambled-up animals was the opening salvo in a year full of AI humiliation By Lincoln Carpenter published 28 December 25 Tragic Kingdom 2025 was the year of creative bankruptcy. 27 Comments Tragic Kingdom 2025 was the best year for ninja games ever, but all of them just made it clear that 2008's Ninja Gaiden 2 remains untouchable By Wes Fenlon published 28 December 25 🏆 This year's Ninja Gaiden 2 Black finally does right by a messy but one-of-a-kind action game. 🏆 The End Times are almost here, but can you name all 105 Legendary Lords in Total War: Warhammer before Nagash consumes their souls? By Sean Martin published 28 December 25 The end A race against (end) time. The end PC Gamer Hardware Awards: The best gaming mouse of 2025 By Jacob Fox published 28 December 25 Gear of the year Three rodent contenders, but only one winner for the year. Gear of the year The biggest gaming news, reviews and hardware deals Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Latest Codes All Roblox Rivals codes and how to redeem them By Kara Phillips last updated 31 December 25 Hold fire Redeem these codes for community wraps and keys. Hold fire All Universal Tower Defense codes for December 2025: Gems and Trait Rerolls By Kara Phillips last updated 30 December 25 Battle ready All active Universal Tower Defense codes for Gems and Trait Rerolls. Battle ready The Forge codes for December 2025: Free rerolls and Luck Totems By Andrea Shearon last updated 30 December 25 Hammer On All active The Forge codes to redeem for extra rerolls. Hammer On VIEW MORE Latest Coupons Logitech Promo Codes for December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with these Logitech promo codes on computer audio devices, mice, keyboards, webcams, and more. Logitech G Promo Codes for December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with these Logitech G promo codes on keyboards, mice, headsets, and more. Dell Coupon Codes | December 2025 | Posted SPONSORED Save with these Dell coupon codes on PCs, laptops, gaming PCs, Alienware, monitors, printers, and more. FlexiSpot Discount Codes for December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with these FlexiSpot discount codes on gaming chairs, standing desks, adjustable beds, and more. Autodesk Promo Code - - December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with these Autodesk promo codes on AutoCAD, Autodesk Fusion 360, and more. Sennheiser Coupon Codes for December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with these Sennheiser coupon codes on noise-cancelling headphones, wireless headphones, in-ear, over-ear and more. Acer Promo Codes & Discount Codes - - December 2025 Posted SPONSORED We have Acer coupon codes so you can save on laptops, PCs, monitors, tablets, and more. GameStop Coupon Code - - December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with these GameStop promo codes on video games from Xbox Series X, PS5, Nintendo Switch, PC, and more. Newegg Promo Codes for December 2025 Posted SPONSORED Save with our Newegg promo codes on computer parts, PCs, gaming devices, home appliances, and more. VIEW MORE PC Gamer is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . Add as a preferred source on Google About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us Accessibility Statement Careers ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. Close Please login or signup to comment Please wait... Login Sign Up