Utility Software Applications for Windows and Mac Computers | PC HelpSoft 7075 Place Robert Joncas, Suite 142, St Laurent QC H4M 2Z2 Send a request en fr it es de jp en fr it es de jp Home Products PC Cleaner Driver Updater Mac Cleaner Our Blog Support My Orders Contact Us Send a request 7075 Place Robert Joncas, Suite 142, St Laurent QC H4M 2Z2 Find the Simple Path to a Clean, Fast PC Improve System Stability & Performance with PC Cleaner. By clicking the download button and installing PC Cleaner, I acknowledge I have read and agree to the End User License Agreement and Privacy Policy of this site and Avanquest Software SAS (together with its subsidiaries). Access the full version starting at 3 USD/month. This includes one year of technical support. All purchases are also backed by our money back guarantee for 30 days. Uninstall instructions. Maximum Performance, Minimal Effort: Automatically clean and improve your PC in minutes! Maintain Secure Speed Up Recover The perfect remedy for a slow computer New! PC Cleaner 9 The perfect remedy for a slow computer or frequent crashes, our PC Cleaner software is a handy utility that finds and cleans out unnecessary clutter — file fragments, temporary files, and browser cookies — leaving your PC spotless. PC Cleaner manages your system’s resources to give you better startup times, improved performance, and a safer online and offline experience. Learn more about PC Cleaner app The most powerful Driver Update Software New! Driver Updater PC HelpSoft Driver Updater is a driver update software and peripheral management utility that makes adding, removing, and maintaining your computer’s internal and external peripherals a breeze. Driver Updater’s device identification engine Smart Update™ Software Locator ensures that your devices have the latest drivers and are functioning at optimal efficiency. Learn more about Driver Updater app Our Approach Have you ever felt as though “tossing it out the window” would be the best thing to do with your computer after a particularly hard day where nothing seems to function properly? We at PC HelpSoft aim to clear up your computer issues with our lineup of PC utility software and recovery products. Our software is designed for users of any computer knowledge level so if you’re facing issues such as a slow PC, inadvertent deletion, or hardware installation issues, you’re in the right place. Company About PCHelpSoft Privacy Policy Cookie Policy EULA Terms and Conditions Contact Us NEWS & UPDATES Our Blog Products PC Cleaner 9 Driver Updater Mac Cleaner Support Support FAQs Sitemap ORDER WITH CONFIDENCE 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Unlimited Technical Support 100% Safe & Ad-Ware Free Fast Download Avanquest Corporate Website Jobs Opportunities Copyright © 2025 Avanquest Software™ - All rights reserved.