PCWorld News All News Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows Best Picks All Best Picks Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows Reviews All Reviews Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows How-To All How Tos Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows Deals Laptops Windows Security TechHive TechHive Home Smart Home Security Streaming Cord-Cutter Confidential More Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Software Storage Wi-Fi & Networks Newsletters Digital Magazine – Subscribe Digital Magazine – Info Smart Answers Skip to content Menu News Expand News All News Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows Best Picks Expand Best Picks All Best Picks Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows Reviews Expand Reviews All Reviews Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows How-To Expand How-To All How Tos Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Laptops Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Security Smart Home Security Software Storage Streaming Wi-Fi & Networks Windows Deals Laptops Windows Security TechHive Expand TechHive TechHive Home Smart Home Security Streaming Cord-Cutter Confidential More Expand More Accessories Business Entertainment Gaming Mobile Monitors PCs & Components Software Storage Wi-Fi & Networks Newsletters Digital Magazine – Subscribe Digital Magazine – Info Smart Answers Hot Topics Best laptops Best VPN Best antivirus Best SSDs Best monitors Laptop deals Desktop PC deals AI PCs Newsletters 2025 Cord-Cutter Awards: Best streaming services, devices & more Maingear Super 16 review: The right kind of power, but not the complete package Time to ditch normal internet? How to know if mobile broadband is enough LATEST STORIES Try This Create a system restore point as an insurance policy against corruption You can create a system restore point and return Windows back to it in the case something goes wrong. By Dominic Bayley 44 mins ago News LG’s Gallery TV promises to transform your wall into an art museum At CES 2026, LG Electronics will be showing off it's new lifestyle line addition: the LG Gallery TV. By Jon Jacobi 44 mins ago Feature The best PC hardware and software of 2025/2026 The best of the best, as chosen by the PCWorld editors. By Brad Chacos 2 hours ago Reviews BenQ PD2770U review: A self-calibrating monitor for pros The BenQ PD2770U is a monitor built for professional content creation. Its specific feature set will limit its appeal, but makes it a good choice for its intended demographic. By Matthew S. Smith 2 hours ago Updated Fastest VPN 2026: Expert picks of the top 5 VPN speed demons If you have the need, the need for VPN speed, we've got recommendations about the best choices for you. By Sam Singleton 18 hours ago Reviews Place Any Space Smart Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detector review There are four Place smoke and CO detector models, purpose built for the kitchen, nursery, garage, and outside sleeping areas. Two have cameras. By Christopher Null 20 hours ago Updated Best webcams: Top picks and expert buying advice We test and recommend the best webcams for Windows PCs including both 1080p, premium 4K webcams plus budget webcam options. We'll also advise you on what you should buy and why. By Mark Hachman 21 hours ago Reviews Monsgeek FUN60 Ultra review: The TMR-powered keyboard every gamer needs High-end features, magnetic switches, and tri-mode for less than $100. By Friedrich Stiemer 22 hours ago Feature Time to ditch normal internet? How to know if mobile broadband is enough Is a fixed internet connection still always better than mobile broadband? By Anders Lundberg 24 hours ago Reviews Maingear Super 16 review: The right kind of power, but not the complete package The Maingear Super 16 checks a lot of the right boxes, but not necessarily any better than its competition. By Mark Knapp 1 day ago Cord-Cutter Confidential 2025 Cord-Cutter Awards: Best streaming services, devices & more A look back at this year's best streaming services, bundles, devices, and innovations. By Jared Newman 1 day ago Updated Best monitors for a home office: 11 top-notch displays that mean business Working from home has its challenges, but there's no need to compromise on your display. Very good home office monitors exist at various price points to help aid your productivity. By Matthew S. Smith and Sam Singleton 2 days ago Updated Best password managers: 6 trustworthy options The best password is one you probably can't easily remember—that's why a password manager is so crucial to your online security. We review LastPass, Dashlane, Keeper, NordPass, and others to find the best one for managing passwords. By Michael Ansaldo and Alaina Yee 2 days ago Reviews Asus ROG Harpe II ACE review: This $169 gaming mouse is worth every penny The Asus ROG Harpe II Ace is a lightweight, responsive gaming mouse that ticks off all the right boxes. That said, the 8K polling eats up a lot of power and the price tag might be too steep for some. By Friedrich Stiemer 2 days ago Tip Windows search not finding your PDF text? Here's how to fix it The Windows search function is also able to include the content of PDF files in its index. Unfortunately, the subsequent search does not always work reliably. By Roland Freist 2 days ago Feature I did a 1-week social media detox. These 4 immediate benefits surprised me Whether you generally enjoy using social media or not, doing so is having an impact on your life. With this in mind, I decided to take a week off to see what, if any, differences it would make. And the results were, quite frankly, astonishing. By Dave Parrack 2 days ago Try This Share your calendar in Outlook to cut down on scheduling emails Instead of going back and forth over email about your availability, you can simply share your calendar in Microsoft Outlook. By Dominic Bayley 2 days ago Feature The biggest smart home fails of 2025, ranked From overheating smart beds and privacy snafus to generative AI foul-ups and bricked smart thermostats, we had a bumper crop of smart home fails this year. By Ben Patterson 2 days ago Best Picks Best DisplayLink docks 2026: Move over, Thunderbolt The DisplayLink dock uses data compression as a low-cost, effective alternative to Thunderbolt docks and USB-C hubs. Here are our picks for the best DisplayLink docking stations. By Mark Hachman 5 days ago Updated Best SSDs: From SATA to PCIe 5.0, from budget to premium The best solid-state drives can supercharge your PC. Here are our picks for the best SSDs, and what you should know before a purchase. By Jon Jacobi 5 days ago More stories PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. Policies Expand Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Editorial independence Licensing & Eprints California: Do not Sell my Personal Info About Expand About About Us Advertise Ad Choice Contact Us Foundry Careers GamePro Smart Answers PCWorld Categories Expand submenu for PCWorld Categories Business Laptop Mobile PC Hardware Storage Deals TechHive Subscribe Expand submenu for Subscribe Digital Magazine - Subscribe Digital Magazine - Info Gift Subscription Newsletters © 2025 FoundryCo, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network + Tech Advisor Macworld Top Of Page Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Settings