PDFgear - Free PDF Editor Software & Online tools PDFgear PDF Tasks Made Easy Read, edit, convert, merge, and sign PDF files across devices, for completely free and without
						signing up. 4.9 (9,000+ Reviews) Trusted by PDFgear Free Online Tools In addition to our powerful software, PDFgear offers dozens of tools to help you complete simple and quick PDF tasks directly in your web browser. Edit PDF PDF to Word JPG to PDF Compress PDF Merge PDF Fill Form Add PDF Pages Split PDF Delete PDF Pages Word to PDF Explore All Tools Why Trust PDFgear Curious about why PDFgear is completely free, how secure it is, and how we sustain it without charging? Learn More PDFgear Official Security Statement and Legal Notice Recently, some misleading or false claims about PDFgear have circulated online. This statement clarifies the facts. Learn More The FIRST AI-Powered PDF Software PDFgear makes PDF smarter using cutting-edge AI technology to improve your working efficiency. Go to PDFgear AI Work with PDF Anywhere Easily switch between desktop, web, and mobile devices and continue working with PDFs on the go. 
					Now start working with PDFgear on PC, Mac, iPhone, and iPad! Windows Get more done in less time with PDFgear for Windows. Educational and business features are all available for free. Free Download Learn More Mac A completely free, lightweight, and enterprise-level PDF management toolkit to work with PDFs on Mac computers and Macbooks. Learn More iOS Get the free PDFgear app for iPhone and iPad to get full control over your important business documents wherever you are. Learn More Android A free PDF editor app for Android to read, summarize, edit, fill out, sign on, and organize PDFs. Free Download Learn More What Features Make PDFgear Stand Out Edit PDF Make your PDF as editable as Microsoft Word - Freely edit text, images, shapes, signatures, links, fillable form fields, etc. in PDF. Check PDF Editing Features Annotate PDF Highlight text/areas, underline/strikethrough text, add notes/comments/stamps, insert shapes/text boxes, and more. Discover PDFgear Markup Tools Convert PDF Convert between PDF, Word, TXT, JPG, Excel, PPT, and more without compatibility issues. A batch conversion mode is provided, and lossless conversions are ensured. More about PDF Conversions OCR PDF Precisely extract text from image-based documents or convert scanned PDFs into fully editable Word or TXT, with 30+ languages supported. Details of PDFgear OCR Our Vision Free and AI-Powered PDF Tool Welcome to PDFgear, a world-class and AI-powered PDF editor software designed to empower everyone to manage their PDFs - easily and without cost. Read more about us PDF experts talk about PDFgear After years of searching, I’ve finally found a free, offline, no-strings-attached PDF editor — and it’s excellent. It merges, it edits, it converts, and it even signs PDF documents with mouse-drawn inking. It also has ChatGPT built-in so you can have it summarize PDF documents for you, or find the most pertinent information with a simple question. Jon Martindale Of the free programmes I’ve tried, PDFgear has the easiest tool for this. Online tools such as Acrobat Online and ilovepdf.com can work okay, but they sometimes put the pages in the wrong order and you can’t easily select only certain pages from one file to add to another. Anders Lundberg PDFgear's AI-powered PDF editor goes beyond simple editing and managing features. By adding AI technology, you can take complete control of your documents with a few taps of your keyboard and get more done with less stress and higher precision. Something I really like is the Extract Text tool. It lets you highlight any part of the page to pull out text into an easily usable text box so you can copy that content. This is great for lists and other situations where selecting PDF text is usually difficult. Tim Fisher I'll use the hell out of this. Are you accepting any donations? DefNotJasonKaplan It is the best PDF editor and alternative to Adobe PDF editor. It has very awesome features like you can add signatures to the documents. It is easy to use and integrate with my cloud documents. It gives you the ability to wipe out the documents into different parts. I EAT PEOPLE Read more Reviews PDF works, simplified. Get PDFgear. Explore our hot articles and tutorials How to Flatten a PDF for Free How to Combine Multiple JPEGs into One PDF How to Reduce PDF File Size Below 500 KB for Free How to Change Colored PDF Background Color to White How to Sign PDF Offline and Online for Free How to Scan and Edit a Document for Free How to Highlight Scanned PDF Online and Offline How to Convert PDF to Word for Free 3 Simple Ways to Edit a Secured PDF How to Add Notes to PDF Find More Visit our YouTube channel How to Chat with Your PDF in PDFgear How to Reduce PDF File Size without Losing Quality Browse Video Tutorials