HOME
ABOUT US
LIFE AT PEAK
GAMES
HOW WE WORK
INTERNSHIPS
JOBS
People are at the core of
everything we do
DISCOVER NOW 
Chasing Our Dreams

We are a team, we think big and we have big goals to achieve. Our approach is to constantly explore, progress and grow as a team throughout our journey.

READ OUR STORY 
Previous
Next
Previous
Next
Life At Peak

We form an environment that makes it easy for you to focus on doing your best. Working on hard problems allows us to grow individually and as a team.

EXPLORE 
Open Positions
Software Engineer, Games

We are looking for a Mobile Software Engineer to join our Engineering Team. Together with your team you will be crafting code that brings to life game features, items and levels in our games which are enjoyed by a community of 40 million active users each month. This scale comes along with very interesting engineering challenges which we are solving together, using a technology-agnostic approach. Alongside with our game we are growing as software engineers and as a team.

APPLY 
Product Specialist, Games

We are looking for a talented Product Specialist who will be responsible for creating the best experience for our users. As a member of our team, you will work collaboratively with software engineers, artists and cross-functional teams to build, launch, and analyze our products.

APPLY 
Player Support Specialist

As a Player Support Specialist, you will be a part of our Customer Experience team which responds to millions of active users’ needs on a daily basis. You will manage ongoing support services for our games by responding to all types of player concerns and implementing solutions. We have compact teams that are working very autonomously and closely together. You will partner with other related teams to support our players in the best possible way. If you are passionate and forward-looking in your approach to game support and community management, join our team to be the vital connection between our product development teams and end users!

APPLY 
See All
Openings
Previous
Next
SEE ALL OPENINGS
We are a global technology company

The products we build are ever-evolving and continue to reach more and more users all around the world. Operating on a global scale requires focus, dedication and a great team.

SEE OUR GAMES 
Previous
Next
How We Work
Art

Playing games is a worldwide party that everyone enjoys,...

Big Data & Data Science

Improving user engagement is our number one priority while developing...

Cloud Platform

Our Cloud Platform team has a lofty goal. Take a product that works...

SEE ALL 
Ready to join us?
SEE OPEN POSITIONS 
Company
About Us
Life At Peak
Games
How We Work
Internships
Jobs
Links
ArtStation
Press
Contact
Terms&Privacy
Terms & Privacy (Product)
Privacy (Job Application)

© Peak. All Rights Reserved

 
 
 