Skip to main content
For test-takers
For test owners
For test centers
For training centers
Explore skilling solutions
About us
Resources and FAQs
Find a test center
Online testing
Test accommodations
U.S. military
Log in
Go direct from ambition to achievement.

Navigate your testing journey with ease.

Find your exam program:

View all exam programs.

We’re making some changes!

You might notice things look different around here. We've recently updated the Pearson brand, so you’ll see a new look. Plus, Pearson VUE will now be known as Pearson Professional Assessments. Because it might take some time to update everything, you may see a mix of old and new for a while — but rest assured, you're in the right place! 

What hasn't changed? Everything else you’re familiar with—our globally recognized credentialing programs, expert exam development, and secure test delivery—stays the same.

You’ve done the prep — now you get to prove yourself.  

There’s a certification or license for just about anything. But no matter which specialty you’re pursuing, the journey concludes with an exam. And that comes with a lot of decisions. 

When and where can I test? Do I need study aids and prep materials? What rules should I know about? Are there program-specific policies?

It might feel a bit overwhelming, but don’t worry — it’s all here. And we’ll help you navigate every point on the testing journey. 

Get started on your program’s homepage.
Find your exam using the search bar at the top of the page or the A-to-Z list.

Once there, you can:

See which exams are available
Log in or create an account
Search for a local test center – or see if you can take your exam online
Find program-specific rules, customer service, and FAQs
Schedule, reschedule, or cancel appointments
Explore exam prep materials

Schedule your exam

Take your exam with confidence

On exam day, the last thing you need is jangled nerves. Step up your self-confidence by reviewing tips and tricks, taking advantage of test prep materials, and reviewing some helpful FAQs.

Explore exam resources
Get the accommodations you need

Every test-taker is different. At Pearson VUE, we’re committed to providing equitable access to testing for all. If you need accommodations during your test, such as extra time or a separate room, we can help.

Learn about accommodations
In the U.S. military?

On-base testing offers convenient access to earn industry credentials — certifications that confirm your experience and expertise and offer real career advantages in and out of uniform.

Schedule your exam on base
Questions?

Let's get you answers. We recommend reviewing the frequently asked questions for general testing first. If you don't find what you're looking for, contact your program-specific customer service team.

Read the FAQs
Get in touch
About us

At Pearson VUE, we believe learning takes us from potential to progress. That’s why we deliver the high-stakes exams that help industries and individuals make an impact on their professions, communities, and the lives of others.

Learn more about Pearson VUE
Transform your exam program.

Empower candidates, enrich communities, and experience growth.


Partner with us
Become a Pearson VUE test center.

Grow your reach by joining the world’s largest test center network.  


Deliver opportunity

Unleash opportunity with in-demand skilling and certification

For test-takers
Resources and FAQs
Find a test center
Online testing
Test accommodations
Customer service
U.S. military
For test owners
For test centers
For training centers
Explore skilling solutions
About us
US-English
Privacy and cookies policy
Terms of service
SMS terms and conditions
Do not sell my personal information and cookies
Accessibility statement
Responsible AI statement
Health Data Policy
Modern Slavery Act

© 1996 – 2025 Pearson. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies.

Cookie preferences

Privacy and cookies
We uses cookies to provide the best possible experience on our website. They are used to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic. This includes third-party cookies.Learn more
Cookie Settings Accept All Cookies