Pear Commerce | Retail Ecommerce Enablement Products OFFSITE PEAR CONNECT Dynamically drive shoppers to retailer carts from digital ads in one click. landing pages Make media shoppable with any combination of products & retailers. direct-to-cart Create one-click experiences from ads or owned content to a retailer carts. Pear untIed Leverage customizeable advertising features that ensure Tied House compliance. ONSITE store locators Directly connect shoppers to in-stock retailers with shoppable paths to purchase. Shoppable pdps Embed "Buy Near You" functionality onto product pages with one-click paths to purchase . shoppable recipes Drive retail ecommerce purchases from recipe pages with industry-leading shoppability. Discover exactly where your products are stocked to unlock actionable insights. Solutions For Marketers Get the retail visibility, consumer insights, and shopper targeting power you need to grow. For Sales Boost sales velocity, manage your inventory, and streamline your daily operations. Retail Reach high-intent consumers with Shopper Acquisition & Retail Media Solutions. Industries Discover industry-specific solutions to connect shoppers with your products. Food Beverage Alcohol Pet/Consumer Resources Resource Index Relevant tools and insights including case studies > e-guides > podcasts > UTM Builder Create campaign tracking links to measure performance Campaign Optimizer Discover how awareness and conversion strategies work together to drive retail growth. Blog Your source for industry insights, topics, and trends on retail ecommerce. Strategy Hub Everything your brand needs to run a true retail ecommerce strategy, starting at step one. Products Pear Connect Store Locators Landing Pages Shoppable PDPs Direct-to-Cart Shoppable Recipes Pear unTied Pulse Solutions For Marketers For Sales Retail Solutions industries Food Beverage Alcohol Pet/Consumer Resources Resource Index UTM Builder Campaign Optimizer Blog Strategy Hub About Login Careers Login Demo Get a demo winner: 2025 top tech company Get found. Get Bought. Pear provides best-in-class inventory, 165,000 retailer integrations and click-level data to drive CPG sales velocity. Turn clicks into customers ➞ Get a demo ➞ Solutions built for your goals. Whether you're driving demand or securing shelf space, Pear helps you turn shopper intent into action. pear difference Avoid out-of-stocks Don’t let out-of-stocks send shoppers to your competitors. Pear's daily inventory scanning ensures your campaigns connect to available products and retailers. Get discovered 60x more More choice for your shoppers meets more visibility for your brand. Pear integrates with 165,000+ stores — that’s 60x the industry standard. Leverage actionable insights You’re already driving interest — now learn from it. Pear's click-level data shows exactly which campaigns are driving results, allowing your brand to meet more shoppers, with less marketing spend, faster. We’re loved by Fortune 500 brands, emerging brands, and everyone in between The daily inventory data refresh is the most beneficial aspect of Pear’s products. The Pear Store Locator is definitely an upgrade from our previous locator’s inventory scanning. Helen K. Marketing Manager  |  Faribault Foods The transition to Pear was one of the easiest experiences that I've had working with vendors. Within a couple of weeks  we were up and running with Pear, so it was  super fast and easy. Shannon W. Brand Manager  |  Crystal Farms Jinx fetches fast launch to brand expansion Store Locator  |  Shoppable PDPs  |  Landing Pages Switched from Fortune 500 CPG increases 5x clickthrough rates LANDING PAGES  |  shoppable PDPs Switched from View all case studies We help you succeed. Integration is painless. Integration can (literally) be as simple as adding a single snippet of code. Watch Quick onboarding and expert guidance Our Implementation and Customer Success teams ensure your success by helping with integration, training, and regular check-ins. See what you could be missing. What we can discuss: 1 What are your brand’s specific marketing goals? We want to direct you to the right solution. 2 How can Pear improve your brand's discoverability? Pear delivers the most accurate, shortest purchase paths. 3 Launch your Pear partnership in record time! Our efficient onboarding is 6x faster than our competition. Request your demo today Your information is secure and protected. Get discovered. Capture demand. Build loyalty. onsite / where to buy Store Locators shoppable pdps shoppable recipes offsite / shoppable media pear connect landing pages direct-to-cart use cases Marketing solutions Sales solutions Discover exactly where your products - and your competitors’ - are stocked, missing, or outpaced to unlock actionable insights & increase sales velocity. Frequently asked questions How is Pear able to scan inventory daily? Pear’s proprietary technology scans inventory at 3,000+ retail banners from uniquely online sources, giving us 60x the reach of the industry standard—which only pulls inventory data from retailers with public APIs. We are the only solution that can check inventory daily (if not real-time) across 165,000+ locations in the US and Canada, while others rely on weeks or months old point-of-sale data to power their where-to-buy tools. How are Pear’s Store Locators different than other vendors? Because Pear is able to scan inventory and create paths to purchase at all in-stock retailers with retail ecommerce, we are able to embed “Buy Near You” functionality directly onto our store locators and other shoppable tools. Bringing this technology directly into the Store Locator creates seamless customer journeys from brands’ onsite experiences, resulting in increased sales. What’s the advantage of click-level data vs. summary-level? Since Pear is able to capture click-level sales data, brands are able to see which ad campaigns, platforms, products, retailers, and geos are driving engagement. These mid-campaign insights empower brands to make data-driven decisions by stopping under-performing campaigns and increasing investment on what’s capturing real results. Shoppers can't buy what they can't find. Boost discovery 60x. Get a demo > Avoid out of stocks Get discovered 60x more Click-level strategic insights Products Store Locators Shoppable PDPs Shoppable Recipes Pear Connect Landing Pages Direct-to-Cart Pear unTied Solutions For Marketers For Sales Retailer Solutions Industries Food Beverages Alcohol Pet / Consumer Resources Resource Index UTM Builder Campaign Optimizer Blog Strategy Hub About Login Careers © XXXX Copyright, All Rights Reserved, Pear Commerce Inc. Privacy Policy. Retailer Pixel Installer Privacy Policy. Let’s discuss how we can help your team. 1 What are your brand’s marketing goals? 2 How can Pear improve your brand's discoverability? 3 How to launch your Pear partnership in record time! Pear is a full-funnel solution. Once you start using it, you’ll find they solve problems you didn’t even know you had. Tyler E. Senior Omnichannel Marketing Manager Request your demo Your information is secure and protected. Let’s discuss how we can help your team. 1 What are your brand’s marketing goals? 2 How can Pear improve your brand's discoverability? 3 How to launch your Pear partnership in record time! Pear is a full-funnel solution. Once you start using it, you’ll find they solve problems you didn’t even know you had. Tyler E. Senior Omnichannel Marketing Manager Request your demo Your information is secure and protected. Let’s discuss how we can help your team. 1 What are your brand’s marketing goals? 2 How can Pear improve your brand's discoverability? 3 How to launch your Pear partnership in record time! Pear is a full-funnel solution. Once you start using it, you’ll find they solve problems you didn’t even know you had. Tyler E. Senior Omnichannel Marketing Manager Request your demo Your information is secure and protected. Let’s discuss how we can help your team. 1 What are your brand’s marketing goals? 2 How can Pear improve your brand's discoverability? 3 How to launch your Pear partnership in record time! Pear is a full-funnel solution. Once you start using it, you’ll find they solve problems you didn’t even know you had. Tyler E. Senior Omnichannel Marketing Manager Request your demo Your information is secure and protected.