Sign Up to Join PebbleTown!
Learn More
Solutions
PebbleGo K-5
PebbleGo Spanish K-5
eBooks & eBook Bundles
Capstone Books
Use Cases
Early Literacy
Research Skills
English Language Learning
Special Education
Equitable Access
Pricing
Packages
Funding Resources
Resources
Help Center
Training Archive
Educator Inspiration
Impact and Research
Community
Blog
Request a Quote
Sign In
Search
We help elementary kids make sense of the world.
The POWER 
of PebbleGo
1,928,000,000
Articles Read
so far...

Three Tools, One Connected Ecosystem - Deeper Learning Possibilities
PebbleGo

Our student-friendly platform with engaging, read-aloud articles on science, social studies, biographies, animals, and more.

PebbleGo
Capstone Interactive

Digital versions of Capstone’s high-interest print books - Capstone's eBooks are accessible anytime with read-aloud audio and word highlighting.

eBooks
Capstone Books

Capstone’s print titles deepen learning with rich nonfiction, fiction, and primary source texts across a wide range of topics and genres.

Books
What are the benefits of the
PebbleGo Suite?
Deeper Content Exploration

Move from a PebbleGo article to a nonfiction or narrative Capstone book that offers greater detail, higher complexity, or a new point of view on the same topic.
Increased Reading Volume and Stamina

Engage students with high-interest topics in accessible formats that motivate them to keep reading—and learning.
Cross-Genre & Format Connections

Reinforce inquiry and content-area literacy with a mix of nonfiction, fiction, biographies, and primary source titles that support both screen-based and offline exploration.
Curriculum Support and Standards Alignment

Capstone books are designed to align with national and state standards, making it easy to integrate into existing instruction across formats.
Flexible Access

With print and digital learning formats, our books and printable activities offer options that support classroom, library, or home learning—whether students are on-screen, off-screen, or a blend of both.
Collections and Favorites

Save and organize your most-used articles, activities, and eBooks in one spot with favorites. Collections organize related articles, activities, and lesson plans by theme, giving educators quick access to ready-to-use content.
Recognition

If you want a resource that engages all students in independent learning and has them saying how much they love using it at home and at school, then there is no better option out there for K-3.

Jennifer Sturge, Calvert County Public Schools

PebbleGo is the best resource for your elementary students. It is a trustworthy source of factual information for them to explore in a completely safe online environment.

Mary Moore, Skyview Elementary School

PebbleGo is a game changer in an elementary school library and classroom.

Jennifer Latimer, Clinton Elementary School
Ready to access the PebbleGo Suite?

Get PebbleGo Premier, our new comprehensive multi-modal solution to early literacy and content learning.


Request a Quote
More Info
Administrator Login
FAQ
Privacy Central
CA Privacy Notice
Legal Central
System Requirements
Accessibility Statement
Media Credits
About Us
Our Story
International
Canada
Contact Us
©2025 Capstone. All Rights Reserved