Imagine it and we'll deliver it - Pelmorex Skip to content About Our story Meet the team Leadership Board Careers How we work Open positions Who we serve Consumers Marketers Businesses Governments Products & solutions Marketing & advertising High-impact solutions Activate on weather Sponsorships & custom content Audience & MarTech How to buy Specs Alerting Alert Ready Alerting system LocalAlert Pelmorex Weather Source OnPoint Weather Data Suite Weather Source APIs Gaia Retail Gaia Energy Custom solutions News & events Media hub Resources Case studies Contact us About Our story Meet the team Leadership Board Careers How we work Open positions Who we serve Consumers Marketers Businesses Governments Products & solutions Marketing & advertising High-impact solutions Activate on weather Sponsorships & custom content Audience & MarTech How to buy Specs Alerting Alert Ready Alerting system LocalAlert Pelmorex Weather Source OnPoint Weather Data Suite Weather Source APIs Gaia Retail Gaia Energy Custom solutions News & events Media hub Resources Case studies Contact us English Français Español English Français Español Keeping people, governments and businesses safe — every moment, everywhere. Weather inspires, protects and transforms. For 35+ years, Pelmorex has been your trusted source for forecasts and alerts. Innovation drives us to deliver fast, precise and reliable forecasts — protecting lives, guiding decisions and helping businesses thrive. Whatever the weather, we turn its power into action. We’re Pelmorex. Imagine it and we’ll deliver it. Trusted brand for 35+ years Relied upon by 40M+ people every month worldwide 1 70K+ alerts delivered every year 3.4M forecast locations globally 2 Canada’s #1 weather app and website, and most trusted news source 3 Best app of the year in Spain 4 50+ meteorologists across the company 200+ professionals specializing in technology, data science, data management and product development Weather networks Pelmorex keeps you informed, prepared and safe through our trusted weather brands: The Weather Network , MétéoMédia , Eltiempo.es , Clima and Otempo.pt . We deliver personalized forecasts , insights and early warnings to communities worldwide. Weather solutions Weather's power inspires, and we bring that same impact to your business. With AI-driven tools, Pelmorex delivers forecasts 18X faster and more accurately than traditional models — driving smarter decisions and helping businesses succeed. Alerting solutions For more than a decade, our alerting system has delivered critical, time-sensitive notifications in seconds. With 70K alerts sent annually, we help keep Canadians prepared and safe . Our latest products & solutions OnPoint Fire Weather Index A predictive wildfire risk score that uses the trusted Canadian FWI and high-resolution weather data to show potential ignition, spread and intensity — helping guide critical safety and resource decisions. Learn more AI-assisted avatar With advanced AI, The Weather Network delivers hyper-local forecasts at scale, helping communities and economies prepare for weather events. Learn more Gaia Retail A cutting-edge solution connecting weather data to sales trends for precise, location-based demand insights. Optimize retail strategies with actionable, weather-driven intelligence. Learn more Fire & Smoke Map A real-time map experience that helps you stay ahead of wildfires with live fire hotspots and forecasted smoke levels across North America. Learn more Success in the community Home Hardware’s AI-powered local messaging drives brand awareness and customer engagement nationwide 27.44% store visitation lift from the AI-generated videos, exceeding 8.6% average retail lift More than 23.4 million digital impressions , over achieving estimates by 61% 8.7 million broadcast audience , slightly over achieving estimates More than 1.7 million impressions on social media , over achieving estimates by 53% Case studies Oakville 2655 Bristol Circle, Oakville, Ontario L6H 7W1 Montréal 1200 Papineau Ave., Suite 300, Montréal, Québec H2K 4R5 Salem 1 Stiles Rd., Suite 305 Salem, NH 03079 Madrid Calle Príncipe de Vergara 108, 4º 28002 Madrid Our main office is located in Oakville, situated on the lands of treaties 14 & 22, the territory of the Mississaugas of the Credit First Nation and the traditional territory of the Huron-Wendat and Haudenosaunee. Oakville is currently home to many different First Nations, Inuit and Métis peoples and we are always grateful to be on the land of those that were here before us and those that continue to share their land with us today. © 2025  Pelmorex, All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie policy Ethical AI standards Accessibility Linkedin Instagram Footnotes Google Analytics/GA4 gross users / all digital platforms (mobile web/mobile app/desktop/tv app) – TWN/MM Canada/International, Clima. Otempo Spain/International PLUS Numeris PPM TV Total Canada, Monthly Reach for TWN and MM, January 2025 Pelmorex GIS, March 2025 Comscore, 2024, Pollara 2025 Trust in News Study 21st Century Technology Awards, Spain 2024 Ready to get started? Select the solution that interests you and share your details — our client partner will reach out to help you discover the best fit. Name Company / organization Email Phone number What are you interested in? OnPoint Forecast OnPoint Historical OnPoint Climatology OnPoint Fire Weather Index Weather Source APIs Not sure yet - I'd like to talk and explore the best dataset for my requirement Briefly describe your goals or challenges Submit