PEN America - The Freedom to Write PEN America - The Freedom to Write Menu Issues U.S. Free Expression Book Bans Campus Free Speech Disinformation Educational Censorship Online Abuse & Digital Safety Supporting Journalists Global Free Expression Preserving Russian Independent Media Writers at Risk Advocacy Countries Free Speech Under Fire The Administration promised free expression. The results were anything but more freedom. A Five-Alarm Fire for Free Speech PEN America Partners to Launch Independent Media Archive The launch of “Kronika” is intended to counter the spread of authoritarian control over free press around the world. Global Platform Launches to Preserve Independent Journalism Book Bans Continue to Spread With more than 22K instances since 2021, the bans have become normalized. The Normalization of Book Banning Events Signature Events Authors' Evenings Banned Books Week Literary Awards Ceremony PEN America Literary Gala PEN World Voices Festival Upcoming Events View All Events 2026 Literary Gala in NYC Don’t miss this inspiring event that celebrates and defends freedom of expression. Save the Date: May 14 Literary Programs & Grants Literary Programs Fellowships, Workshops & Trainings Prison and Justice Writing Translation The Writers Room Grants & Awards Literary Awards Literary Grants U.S. Writers Aid Initiative Incarcerated Writers Bureau will connect writers to agents and other opportunities The site will provide an important bridge between the writers and the considerable obstacles that face those who wish to publish. New Digital Resource to Help Work Directly with Incarcerated Writers 2026 Literary Award Longlists Announced No time like the present to get reading all of the year’s best! Announcing the 2026 PEN America Literary Awards Longlists News & Resources Resources Book Ban Resources Campus Free Speech Guide Facts Forward: Helping Journalists Combat Disinformation Online Harassment Field Manual See All Browse by Type Blogs & Commentary Interviews Press Releases Reports Weekly Roundup All Articles Browse by Topic Book Bans Global Free Expression U.S. Free Expression Latest Book Ban Data Released Local censorship tactics are being adopted on the state and federal levels The Normalization of Book Banning About Who We Are About Board of Trustees Careers Digital Archive History of PEN Staff Offices & Chapters Florida Los Angeles New York Office PEN Across America Washington, D.C. Dinaw Mengestu New PEN America President Novelist Dinaw Mengestu, on Books, Literary Culture, Free Expression, and Censorship in This Moment Shop PEN America Member Books Expore bestselling fiction, children’s and young adult literature, award-winning translations, vital works of nonfiction, and more. 2025 Books by PEN America Members Get Involved Membership Membership Gift a PEN America Membership Children’s and Young Adult Books Committee Translation Committee Writers in the Schools Committee Support Free Expression Become a PEN America Young Patron Donate Now Shop PEN America Originals Newsletters Subscribe to PEN America News Subscribe to Works of Justice Updates on the latest advocacy actions We invite readers, authors, educators, librarians, and everyone who opposes censorship to get involved>> Join the fight for the Freedom to Read Join Donate Now Search for: Join Donate Now Open search Search: Search The Freedom to Write PEN America stands at the intersection of literature and human rights to protect free expression in the United States and worldwide. We champion the freedom to write, recognizing the power of the word to transform the world. Join Us A Season for Free Expression It’s been a difficult year for that most American of values: free speech. Banning books. Censoring words and identities. Intimidating journalists. Strong-arming universities. This giving season, consider contributing  to an organization that protects your speech, in big moments and small ones. Donate today Wear Your Support They can try to ban our stories, but they can’t ban our style. This holiday season, show your support for the fight against book bans by shopping PEN America original T-shirts, tote bags, sweaters, mugs, and more. Use the discount code FREE2READ10 for 10% off! Shop now Featured Work Announcing the 2026 PEN America Literary Awards Longlists The Bills Igniting Book Bans PEN America’s New President, Novelist Dinaw Mengestu, on Books, Literary Culture, Free Expression, and Censorship in This Moment How Do I Plan A Protest on Campus? Banned Books List 2025 The Normalization of Book Banning The Latest Press Releases After ‘60 Minutes’ Pulls Investigation on Deportations, PEN America Warns that Journalism Can’t Depend on Government Approval December 22, 2025 Iranian Authorities Must Immediately Release Narges Mohammadi December 19, 2025 PEN America Elects Acclaimed Novelist Dinaw Mengestu as President December 17, 2025 Top 52 Banned Books Since 2021, Start of Public School Censorship Crisis December 16, 2025 By Suing the BBC, President Trump Exports His Anti-Press Tactics Abroad December 16, 2025 View all press releases >> Features & Interviews PEN America Speaks: How We Defended And Celebrated Free Expression the Week Of December 22 December 24, 2025 Ben Folds on Resigning From the Kennedy Center: What Would Rostropovich Do? December 23, 2025 2025 Annual General Meeting: Looking to Challenges Past, Present, and Future December 23, 2025 What Do Authors Need When They Travel? December 22, 2025 View all >> Get Involved Today Become a member Donate Take Action Shop Events Subscribe What We Do PEN America celebrates literature and defends free expression. Book Bans Learn More Writers at Risk Advocacy Learn More Literary Awards Learn More Campus Free Speech Learn More Online Abuse & Digital Safety Learn More Literary Grants Learn More Disinformation Learn More Educational Censorship Learn More Fellowships, Workshops & Trainings Learn More Prison and Justice Writing Learn More Sign up for free expression updates Get periodic news about our advocacy, interviews with featured authors, and upcoming events. Bluesky Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Threads TikTok X YouTube PEN America PEN America New York PEN America Los Angeles PEN America Washington, DC PEN America Florida Quick Links Press Releases Careers Events Blogs & Commentary Financials Research & Reports Privacy Policy Support Our Work Help protect the freedom to write, read, and learn by donating to PEN America today. Donate Now Copyright © 2025 PEN America. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy Notifications