Penguin Books Australia > Skip to content Penguin homepage Books Fiction Action & adventure Classics Contemporary fiction Crime & thrillers Fantasy General & literary fiction Graphic novels Historical fiction Romance Short stories View all fiction Non-fiction Art, music & photography Biography & memoir Business & finance Computing & technology Food & drink Health & lifestyle History Politics & law Society & culture Travel View all non-fiction Children's books Ages 0 - 2 Ages 3 - 5 Ages 6 - 8 Ages 9 - 11 Ages 12 - 13 Young adult View all children's books Popular links New releases Bestsellers Coming soon Our lists Penguin Classics Popular series Young readers series Audiobooks Fresh Voices Penguin Kids DK Features News Extracts Articles Recipes Q&A Activities Book clubs Teachers' Resources View all features Authors Events Schools About Contact Us Work With Us Social Impact Getting Published More Features News Extracts Articles Recipes Q&A Activities Book clubs Teachers' Resources Contact Us Work With Us Social Impact Getting Published About Contact Us Work With Us Social Impact Getting Published Authors Events Schools Search books and authors The best books of 2025 Check out some of the best books of 2025. How many have you read? See the list Free Christmas colouring pages These adorable holiday-themed colouring pages from some of our latest cosy colouring books will fill you with Christmas cheer. Print a free colouring page Some of the most anticipated books of 2026 Learn about some of the most anticipated books coming in 2026, as chosen by Penguin Random House employees. Tell me more A beautiful book to gift Charlie Mackesy’s four unlikely friends are wandering through the wilds again. They’re not sure what they’re looking for, but they do know that they love each other and that cake is often the answer. Learn more Books Penguin employees loved in 2025 Check out the books that penguin employees loved in 2025 and read their reviews. Take me there Build better habits, one small step at a time Designed as the official companion to the global bestseller, this workbook helps you move from understanding habits to living them. With guided templates, journalling prompts and practical strategies, it supports small changes that add up to remarkable results. Learn more Award-winning books of 2025 Discover some of the best Penguin Random House books of 2025 with this list of award-winning and shortlisted titles this year. Learn more The 30th Jack Reacher book When Reacher receives a desperate plea for help, he hits the road again determined to find out more . . . Check it out This week's bestsellers See all Exit Strategy Lee Child , Andrew Child Cozy Days Coco Wyo Partypooper: Diary of a Wimpy Kid (20) Jeff Kinney Nobody's Girl Virginia Roberts Giuffre The Impossible Fortune Richard Osman Bluey's Night Before Christmas Bluey Flesh David Szalay Bluey: Where’s Bluey? At Christmas Bluey Always Remember Charlie Mackesy Wild Dark Shore Charlotte McConaghy Bluey: Let's Stick Summer Fun Bluey The Secret of Secrets Dan Brown Atomic Habits James Clear Cozy Christmas Coco Wyo Ikigai Héctor García , Francesc Miralles Cozy Vibes Coco Wyo Alchemised SenLinYu The Atomic Habits Workbook James Clear Cosy Cheer Cherry Lam How They Get You Chris Kohler Bluey: Merry Christmas Bluey Bluey: Bartlebee's First Christmas Bluey Bluey: Cubby Bluey Bluey: Let's Stick! Bluey Pre-order now See all The Other Child Susi Fox The First Law of the Bush Geoff Parkes The Thornbacks Chloe Wilson A Far-flung Life M.L. Stedman Vow of Eternal Night Lily Crozier Mrs Shim is a Killer Kang Jiyoung, Translated by Paige Morris Seed Elisabeth Easther Big Trust Shadé Zahrai with Fayçal Sekkouah Songbird of the Sorrows Braidee Otto Kin Tayari Jones A World Appears Michael Pollan The Summer I Turned Pretty Deluxe Collection Jenny Han Wretched (Collector's Edition) Emily McIntire Shadow Reaper Lynette Noni Ask Yourself This Lillian Ahenkan Features See all Article The best books of 2025 Check out some of the best books of 2025. How many have you read? Article Some of the most anticipated books of 2026 Learn about some of the most anticipated books coming in 2026, as chosen by Penguin Random House employees. Article Your guide to the best gifts for book lovers From book recommendations to wrapping tips, here’s everything you need to know about Christmas gifts for book lovers. Article 10 cosy colouring books for screen-free fun Look away from your screens and curl up with these cosy colouring books for hours of wholesome fun. Article Penguin picks: The Lucky Sisters by Rachael Johns Penguin Random House publisher, Ali shares her current pick: The Lucky Sisters by Rachael Johns. Read her review here! News Penguin Random House Australia celebrates huge milestone: 10 million Bluey books sold and counting! Today, Penguin Random House Australia (PRH AU) celebrates an incredible milestone of over 10 million Bluey books sold across 100 titles in the book range available in Australia and New Zealand. Article Better Reading’s Top 100 books of 2025 announced We’re happy to share that an impressive twenty-five Penguin Random House titles made the list this year. Article Sofie Laguna on the voice that led her to The Underworld A furious, brilliant woman stepped from the pages of a notebook – and inspired Laguna’s new novel, The Underworld. Article ABC Radio National's Top 100 Books of the 21st century Check out the Penguin Random House titles that made the cut for ABC Radio National's 'Top 100 Books of the 21st century' list, as voted by over 280,000 readers. Article A useful guide to the Jack Reacher books Everything you need to know about the Jack Reacher books. Learn about Lee and Andrew Child, figure out which order to read them and quiz your Reacher knowledge. Article Booker Prize shortlist 2025 The shortlist for the 2025 Booker Prize has been announced, with four Penguin Random House titles named this year. Article 20 books like The Let Them Theory Finished The Let Them Theory and wondering what to read next? Check out this list of 20 suggested picks that will leave you feeling inspired and empowered. Trending titles See all Project Hail Mary Andy Weir People We Meet On Vacation Emily Henry Cosy Cheer Cherry Lam Pride and Prejudice Jane Austen Atomic Habits James Clear The Diary of a CEO Steven Bartlett New releases See all Exit Strategy Lee Child , Andrew Child Cozy Days Coco Wyo Partypooper: Diary of a Wimpy Kid (20) Jeff Kinney Nobody's Girl Virginia Roberts Giuffre Always Remember Charlie Mackesy Bluey: Let's Stick Summer Fun Bluey Cozy Vibes Coco Wyo The Atomic Habits Workbook James Clear Cosy Cheer Cherry Lam How They Get You Chris Kohler Bluey: Bartlebee's First Christmas Bluey Bluey: Cubby Bluey Bluey: Keepy Uppy Bluey Gone Before Goodbye Reese Witherspoon , Harlan Coben Return of the Spider James Patterson Spot’s Night Before Christmas Hill, Eric Bluey: Mini Bluey and Bluey Toy Box Set Bluey The Invisible Woman James Patterson Bestie Moments Amelia Green Cosy Fantasy: A Colouring Escape Stephanie Whorlow The Lucky Sisters Rachael Johns Bluey: Big Pop-Up Book Bluey Bluey: The Sign Bluey The Last Straw: Diary of a Wimpy Kid (BK3): Special Disney+ Cover Edition Jeff Kinney Fresh Voices Book clubs Why Catherine Airey took a break from reading novels while writing Confessions Plus, her #1 tip for aspiring authors. Q&A How studying at Oxford three times inspired Joanna Miller to write The Eights The debut author of The Eights shares writing advice, insights into the publishing process and which character she enjoyed writing most. Q&A Chloe Elisabeth Wilson shares the works that influenced her debut novel, Rytual Plus, learn about the real-world inspiration behind the darkly funny novel. Q&A How Nadia Mahjouri's debut novel blends fact and fiction Learn how Nadia Majhouri's personal journey and cultural heritage inspired her debut novel, Half Truth. Q&A How aspects of Morgan Dick’s life inspired her debut novel From being a step-sibling to her up-close experience with addiction, Morgan’s real life played a role in shaping Favourite Daughter. Article How Ande Pliego plays with common crime tropes in debut novel Learn about the books that inspired her, which character she enjoyed writing most and the thing that surprised her about the publishing process. Q&A From dream to reality: Emma Pignatiello on Writing Last Shot Discover the inspiration behind Emma Pignatiello's debut novel Last Shot. Learn about her creative process, character development and tips for writers. Q&A Geoff Parkes shares the inspiration behind When the Deep, Dark Bush Swallows You Whole Plus, find out his #1 tip for aspiring authors. Book clubs Half Truth book club questions A moving drama about family, loss and belonging to read with your book club. Book clubs Translations book club questions A deeply moving novel to read with your book club. Q&A How a well-planned writing schedule helped Amanda Willimott write her debut novel Plus, find out about the TV promo and historical case that inspired Winter of the Wolf. Q&A How Jumaana Abdu wrote her debut novel while finishing medical school Plus, learn the backstory behind her book’s protagonist. Q&A The surprising thing Michelle See-Tho learned about song lyrics while writing her debut novel Plus, her #1 tip for aspiring authors. Book clubs Jade and Emerald book club questions A fierce, emotional, and nostalgic novel to read with your book club. Q&A Anna Johnston shares the real-life inspiration behind her debut novel We caught up with Anna Johnston to learn more about The Borrowed Life of Frederick Fife, her writing process, and which fictional character she’d most like to have dinner with. Book clubs The Little Clothes book club questions A humorous, provocative and affectionate novel to read with your book club. Q&A Deborah Callaghan on writing routines and fictional worlds The Little Clothes is a clever and affectionate novel from Deborah Callaghan. We caught up with the author to hear about her writing routine, the publishing process and more. Article Generate a husband Generate a husband in honour of Holly Gramazio’s debut novel, The Husbands. Book clubs What I Would Do to You book club questions A stunning, thought-provoking debut to read with your book club. Q&A Georgia Harper says she ‘ruined her mum’s fantasy’ Find out why Georgia Harper’s writing routine ruined her mum’s idyllic vision of a writerly life. Plus, learn about her love for Anne Rice and her unlucky skill for attracting strangers’ stories. Q&A Fun Fact: Sarah-Jane Collins wrote much of her debut novel in a bar Sarah-Jane Collins shares how her background as a reporter inspired her to write her debut novel, Radiant Heat. Q&A Ferdia Lennon shares the Plutarch passage that inspired Glorious Exploits Plus, find out why he taught himself to memorise an entire deck of cards while researching for the novel. Q&A How drama school inspired Chris MacDonald to write The Actor Plus, learn about which fictional character he’d like to dine with and the musician he always turns to when singing karaoke. Q&A Jessica Bull shares how she entered Jane Austen’s world while writing her debut novel She took up a few new hobbies, including horseback riding, sewing and Georgian dance. Latest recipes See all Recipe Apple Breakfast Crumble A healthy, easy breakfast crumble from Filling Meals by Lindsay Wilson. Recipe Spumoni ice cream cake Spumoni is a molded Italian dessert made with pistachio, cherry, and either chocolate or vanilla gelato. The colors are beautiful, and the flavor is buonissimo. Recipe Rick Stein’s Glazed Christmas Ham Roasted in a sweet mustard glaze and served with a buttery gravy, Rick Stein‘s ham is a classic Christmas crowd-pleaser. Recipe Oi Muchim Spicy Cucumber Salad Recipe Pavlova Vintage Cakes Pavlovas disguised as mini vintage cakes!? Recipe Lemon Tahini Chicken & Grains Here we’re jazzing up a handy grain packet, meaning you get big flavour, fast. Recipe Verena’s potato salad Growing up in Germany, Verena remembers two camps when it came to potato salad: camp mayo and camp oil/broth. Recipe Chicken and veg kebabs One of my guilty go-to takeaways, perfect with a homemade flatbread and a yogurt dip. It’s so moreish and a lot cheaper than ordering in. Recipe Courgette & leek ijeh (Arabic frittata) What better way to welcome the weekend than with the smell and sound of frying herb-loaded ijeh? Recipe Samkeh Harra (fish with tahini sauce and nuts) ‘Fish doesn’t have to be boring—my mother taught me that. Samkeh harra translates to “spicy fish,” though it’s more about a gentle kick than true heat. It’s a perfect balance of creamy, nutty tahini and the crunch of golden, roasted nuts. Oh, I do love nuts! I usually overload my plate so you almost can’t see the fish anymore, but that’s me. The nuts bring a deep, toasty richness that elevates the dish into something truly irresistible.’ Recipe Rick Stein’s hazelnut pavlovas with white chocolate and dark berry sauce These festive pavlovas are dipped in white chocolate and topped with toasted hazelnuts, cream and berry sauce to make an impressive dessert. Recipe Portuguese Chicken and Fries Think of this as exactly what Nando’s wishes it was: vibrant spicy chicken with crispy skin served with crunchy fries and a spicy dipping sauce. Piri piri chillies aren’t widely available in Australia, unless you grow them yourself, but bird’s-eye chillies are easy to find and they do the trick. Recipe Cherry clafoutis I don’t remember much about the circumstances of my first cherry clafoutis. But I must have loved the classic French farmhouse dessert, because I’ve been trying to reproduce that first custardy, almond-scented pancake ever since. Recipe Panang-style beef with coconut rice Not quite a red curry, not quite a satay, this dish is the best of both worlds, inspired by Thai flavours and it is divine. It’s a throw-and-go recipe and I know we all love those at BOL. Perfect served with creamy coconut rice, some sliced red chilli and flatbreads. Recipe Stir-fried peppers with paneer – Kadai mirch paneer Camellia Punjabi's recipe for the classic North Indian dish of stir-fried peppers with paneer is flavoured with a medley of spices and aromatics and makes for a brilliant vegetarian dish. Recipe Rick stein’s mini brioche toasts with whipped feta, fresh figs and pickled walnuts ‘I always think that canapés should box slightly above their weight – in other words, they need to be vividly flavoured to succeed. Here, the combination of crisp brioche, salty feta, pickled walnuts, figs, honey and thyme is just that. If you like, there’s a recipe for pickling your own green walnuts on page 275 of Rick Stein’s Christmas. You can also make this with slices of goat’s cheese from a log instead of the whipped feta.’ Recipe S’mores Spiderweb Cookies These adorably spooky cookies are the perfect Halloween biscuit, with a perfect chocolate crumb and a coating of marshmallow cobwebs. You can also create a seasonal variation for Bonfire Night featuring a sprinkling of edible gold dust. Recipe Cheesy Jenga Bread This is based on Brie’s great grandma’s recipe, which has been passed down for generations. Recipe Fitwaffle Spiderweb No Bake Cheesecake This no-bake cheesecake is deceptively easy to make but will make a big impact at your next Halloween party. Recipe Real Wolves eat Quiche Every alpha knows that their pack will wake up ravenous after a night of rocking out under a full moon. Recipe Whole Stuffed Mini Pumpkins with Sage and Goat’s Cheese These beautiful little pumpkins are a real showstopper. Recipe Amore Amaro Cake This incredibly moist cake harnesses the power of amaro, olive oil, and a little bit of orange for a lovely floral and fruity flavour. Recipe Fluffy Pork Meatballs While I’ve always been a fan of the old camp song “On Top of Spaghetti,” I firmly believe that’s the very last place a meatball belongs. Recipe Orange Blossom Pistachio Pancakes Who doesn't love pancakes? New audiobooks See all The Mushroom Tapes Helen Garner , Chloe Hooper , Sarah Krasnostein How They Get You Chris Kohler The ADHD Brain Buddy Matilda Boseley The Right Hand Phoebe Saintilan-Stocks Mastering My Messy Life Steph Pase Styled Sally Mackinnon Christmas Joy Mary-Anne O'Connor The Underworld Sofie Laguna What Have They Done to Liza McLean? Amy Doak The End of the Ski Season Anna Snoekstra The Lucky Sisters Rachael Johns Magic Millions Jessica Owers Partypooper: Diary of a Wimpy Kid (20) Jeff Kinney Time Lions and the Chrono-Loop Krystal Sutherland , Martin Seneviratne The Girl and the Ghost: Family Secrets Jacqueline Harvey Mao's Last Dancer Li Cunxin Quentin Bryce: The Authorised Biography Juliet Rieden Read Your Mind Oz Pearlman Ask Yourself This Lillian Ahenkan Popular categories Classics Contemporary fiction Crime & thrillers Fantasy General & literary fiction Romance Art, music & photography Biography & memoir Food & drink Health & lifestyle History Society & culture Activities See all Activity Bluey Christmas Colouring! Celebrate Christmas with the Heelers! Activity Bluey: The Sign Activity Pack Download your free activity pack! Activity Fart Face by Andrew Daddo & Jonathan Bentley colouring in We all do them.
Yes, I know you do!
But there’s a time and place for a fart face … Activity Heist activity pack Dive into the world of Heist: The Great Chocolate Caper with this fun activity pack! Activity Mum's Busy Work by Jacinda Ardern - colouring in An inspiring and heartwarming book about the relationship between a working mum and her daughter by the former prime minister of New Zealand, Jacinda Ardern. Activity Starting School by Jane Godwin and Anna Walker colouring in With its charming characters and engaging story, Starting School provides children with the comfort, confidence, and inspiration they need to take their first steps into the world of education. Activity Kevin in a Stew by Jacqueline Harvey colouring in Another hilarious picture book from best-selling author, Jacqueline Harvey. Activity These Jokes Will Annoy Every Dad find-a-word These jokes will annoy every dad! Activity Bluey Father's Day Activity Sheet To celebrate Father's Day this year, help Bluey's friends find their dads in this super fun dad maze! PLUS read ALL about your favourite dad in the brand-new Bluey: Dad's Awesome Treasury and our collection of other Bluey Father's Day reads, including Bluey: Pull my Finger and Other Dad Jokes!

This content was originally published on Bluey.tv Activity Detective Beans: Adventures in Cat Town Colouring-In A fun and adventurous colouring sheet! Activity 12 easy book week costumes In need of some book week costume ideas? Look no further, these costumes are super simple and kid-approved. Activity Goodnight, Glow Worms Colouring-In Download this super cute colouring sheet. Activity The 113th Assistant Librarian activity pack A free activity pack from the magical world of The 113th Assistant Librarian by Stuart Wilson. Activity Xtraordinary People: Unlock your extraordinary dyslexic thinking skills Print this free activity pack from Xtraordinary People by Kate Griggs. Activity Cosy Calm colouring-in Print this free colouring-in page from Cosy Calm by Cherry Lam. Activity Bluey Hip Hip Hooray Activity Pack Download a free 4-page Bluey activity pack! Activity Bluey Birthday Card Download your free Bluey birthday card. Activity Bluey Birthday Invite Download this super fun Bluey party invitation. Activity Milestones with Ms Rachel First Words Tracker Have fun with your little ones as they learn their first 100 words with this fantastic board book! Activity Milestones with Ms Rachel Potty Chart Have fun potty training with Ms Rachel! Activity Bluey Easter Basket Activity Make your Easter egg hunt eggstra special with this Bingo basket template! Activity Bluey Easter Colouring-in Celebrate Easter with Bluey! Activity Download some Ms Rachel colouring sheets! Download some free sample Ms Rachel colouring sheets and grab your copy of the book for over 100 pages of fun for littles. Activity Aslan and Benny colouring-in activity A wonderfully fun and free colouring-in activity. Our top books, exclusive content and competitions. Straight to your inbox. Sign up to our newsletter using your email. Enter your email to sign up Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to Penguin Books Australia’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Thank you! Please check your inbox and confirm your email address to finish signing up. About Booksellers Contact Getting published Newsletters Partnerships Penguin Schools Social Impact Careers Community guidelines Publishing partners Rights Avoid publishing scams Privacy Terms of use Reconciliation Action Plan International Shipping Penguin Books Penguin Teen Penguin Crime & Thrillers Penguin Audio Penguin Kids Puffin DK We at Penguin Random
                            House Australia acknowledge that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples are the
                            Traditional Custodians and the first storytellers of the lands on which we live and
                            work. We honour Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples' continuous connection to
                            Country, waters, skies and communities. We celebrate Aboriginal and Torres Strait
                            Islander stories, traditions and living cultures; and we pay our respects to Elders past
                            and present. This
                        site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy
                            Policy and Terms of Service apply. Penguin Books Australia A Penguin Random House Company global.penguinrandomhouse.com × ×