Penguin Books UK | Official Website Skip to Content A special Penguin Books logo in celebration of the company’s 90th birthday Search Sign up Sign up Menu Discover Fiction Non-fiction Children's Penguin Classics Authors About us Penguin Shop Search Penguin at 90 90 Little Book Stops Work with us Discover your next read Books for Christmas Getting published Must-read books of 2026 Visit the Penguin Shop Opens in a new tab What do you want to read? Skip over carousel Classics Crime and mystery Children's History Romance Historical fiction Literary fiction Fantasy Graphic novels Trending books Bestsellers Staff picks Latest releases Prize-winners Beautiful books Penguin is home to the best authors of fiction , non-fiction and children's books. We make books for everyone, because a book can change anyone. Some time ago - in 1934, to be precise - our founder was waiting for a train and couldn't find anything good to read. What was needed, he realised, were quality books at a reasonable price. And so he decided to change things - the following year Penguin was launched, kickstarting a paperback revolution that would sweep the world. Find out more Popular on Penguin Features The best books out this month New releases from Margaret Atwood, Salman Rushdie, and more. Read more 1 The Penguin books that shaped us 2 Writing prizes and opportunities 3 18 of the best first lines in fiction Reading lists Beautiful books to gift Delight the book lover in your life this Christmas. Read more Sign up to the Penguin newsletter for the latest books, recommendations, author interviews and more Sign up By signing up, I confirm that I'm over 16. To find out what personal data we collect and how we use it, including for our recommendations, please visit our Privacy Policy . Penguin Shop Browse our Penguin Shop online and discover a world of gifts and experiences to inspire and delight book lovers. Visit the Penguin Shop Skip over carousel Opens in a new tab Penguin 90th tote bag £20 Shop now Opens in a new tab Penguin Archive Collection 5 for £25 Shop now Opens in a new tab Penguin Clothbound Classics pick & mix 3 for £33 Shop now Opens in a new tab The Romantics: Vintage Collector's Classics £94.95 £80 Shop now Opens in a new tab Penguin Modern Classics collection £193 £147 Shop now Opens in a new tab Vintage Heroines series £89.99 £70 Shop now Children's books Puffin Books Puffin is the home of some of the most iconic characters, authors and illustrators, alongside dazzling new talent. Explore Puffin Ladybird Books Ladybird Books publish all your little one's favourite characters, from Peppa Pig and Spot to Topsy and Tim. Explore Ladybird 1 9 different types of poetry 2 Who’s your godly parent? 3 16 of the weirdest and wackiest facts on the human body About us Our story Opens in a new tab Our publishing Opens in a new tab Publishing houses Opens in a new tab Social impact Opens in a new tab Contact us Opens in a new tab Help and FAQs Opens in a new tab Work with us Careers WE'RE HIRING Opens in a new tab Getting published Opens in a new tab Partnerships Opens in a new tab Penguin Ventures Opens in a new tab Rights and permissions Opens in a new tab Sales and distribution Opens in a new tab Stay connected Follow penguin Follow ladybird Follow puffin Sign up to the Penguin newsletter For the latest books, recommendations, author interviews and more Sign up By signing up, I confirm that I'm over 16. To find out what personal data we collect and how we use it, please visit our Privacy Policy Penguin Random House Penguin Books Limited A Penguin Random House Company. © 1995 – 2025 Penguin Books Ltd. Registered number: 861590 England. Registered office: One Embassy Gardens, 8 Viaduct Gardens, London, SW11 7BW, UK. Privacy policy Opens in a new tab Cookies policy Opens in a new tab Modern slavery statement Opens in a new tab Accessibility Opens in a new tab Product recalls Opens in a new tab Terms & conditions Opens in a new tab Pay gap reports Opens in a new tab Industry commitment to professional behaviour Opens in a new tab