Penguin Internet Ltd Home Hosting Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Hosting Account Features Prices SSL Certificates Terms and Conditions Servers Virtual Private Servers Dedicated Servers Co-Location Server Management CDP Backups cPanel Services Licencing Domains Domain Names Domain Pricing ID Protection Registration Terms Services Design Services Website Design Scripting Services Selling Online (Ecommerce) Remote Support Computer Services New Computers IT Repairs Maintenance Contracts PC Healthcheck Network Installations Security Systems Access Control Alarm Systems CCTV Company About Us Testimonials Network Infrastructure Affiliate Scheme Careers Privacy Policy Contact Us Login Get your own name on the Internet Register a domain name from as little as £6.00 Learn More A home on the Internet for your website & e-mail Penguin provide enterprise class hosting accounts using the popular cPanel control panel. Learn More Computer problems driving you mad? Try our remote support service for a quick and easy fix Learn More Penguin Internet Ltd is a Web Hosting, development and IT services company based in Cardiff. Find out more › Domain Names A domain name is your own unique address on the Internet to show off your website or simply to use for email. Get yours from only £6.00 Learn More Web Hosting Host your website on our fast, resilient and secure servers and have a place on the Internet for your website and email. From only £1.50 per month Learn More Servers & VPS Virtual Private Servers and bespoke dedicated servers to suit the bigger website requirements, with instant VPS activation. VPS from only £10 per month Learn More Remote Support Got a problem with your computer? Let our technicians quickly and securely connect to your computer to fix your issue. From as little as £25.00 Learn More Featured Video Your browser does not support the video tag. Our hosting platform makes use of the extremely popular cPanel control panel software. Find out a little more about this application that allows you to manage your own hosting account in this short video. cPanel is easy to use. It is feature rich. Reliable and powerful Featured Services Interested ? Order our services here . Our client area allows for ordering and management of our services. Services are provisioned and manageable in real-time, meaning more time for you to get on with other things. Social Media Follow us to get the latest information and special offers on our services. Find us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook & YouTube. Emergency service updates and planned maintenance are also posted to our Status Page . Latest Tweets Client Area To order and manage your services with us, please log into our client area using the link below. Client Area Login If you cannot remember your login details, or have any difficulties in logging in then please contact our sales staff who will be able to assist you. Contact Info Address: 733b Newport Road, Rumney, Cardiff, CF3 4FD Phone: (029) 200 900 17 Fax: (029) 200 900 18 Email: sales@penguin-uk.com Copyright © 2026 Penguin Internet Ltd Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Vimeo YouTube