PENNYMAC - Your Partner in Home Loans & Mortgage Solutions Skip to main content. toggle navigation Log in CORR | TPO | PFSI | PMT | Careers Careers | About Us About Us Want to buy or refi? 866.549.3583 Contact Us Pre-approval and getting a loan 866.549.3583 Loans in-progress 844.917.3669 Customer support 800.777.4001 Other help and ways to connect Support Log in Rates & Calculators Refinancing Home Refinance Loans Cash-out Refinancing Home Equity Loans Loan Options Home Purchase Loans Home Refinance Loans Home Equity Loans Compare Home Loan Options Compare Home Loan Options Conventional Home Loans Adjustable Rate Mortgages Jumbo Home Loans FHA Home Loans VA Home Loans USDA Streamlined-Assist Refinance Investment Property Loans Home Equity Loans Resources Mortgage Calculators Home Value Estimator Bring It Home Video Series Home Connect Learning Center Articles First-Time Homebuyer Guide Account Support Manage Your Account New Customer Info Making Payments Tax & Insurance Info Payment Assistance Contact Us Toggle Search Get Custom Rates Advice on new loans: 866.549.3583 Get Custom Rates Rates & Calculators Refinancing Home Refinance Loans Cash-out Refinancing Home Equity Loans Loan Options Home Purchase Loans Home Refinance Loans Home Equity Loans Compare Home Loan Options Compare Home Loan Options Conventional Home Loans Adjustable Rate Mortgages Jumbo Home Loans FHA Home Loans VA Home Loans USDA Streamlined-Assist Refinance Investment Property Loans Home Equity Loans Resources Mortgage Calculators Home Value Estimator Bring It Home Video Series Home Connect Learning Center Articles First-Time Homebuyer Guide Account Support Manage Your Account New Customer Info Making Payments Tax & Insurance Info Payment Assistance Contact Us Toggle Search Want to buy or refi? 866.549.3583 Customer Support Log in / Register Correspondent | TPO | PFSI | PMT Careers Careers | About Us About Us × Thank you for subscribing! × Thank you! We've received your information. We'll be following up right away to put together a mortgage quote with you. × Something went wrong. Please try again. × We're sorry, but our system indicates an issue with the phone number and/or area code we received. You seem to have entered . Please try again with a different number or call us now at (866) 549-3583 to speak with one of our helpful representatives. Manage my existing loan Log in to my account New to Pennymac? Register to create an account Apply for a new loan Log in to my application New to Pennymac? Register to create an account Your search results for – Page of placeholder placeholder placeholder Loading... Previous Page of Next Your Partner in Home Loans & Mortgage Solutions Call 866.549.3583 for your discounted rate on a home purchase loan Get my low rate Call 866.549.3583 for your discounted rate on a home purchase loan Get my low rate Wishing you a holiday season and new year filled with warmth, joy, and the comfort of home. How can we help? Refinance Access My Equity Buy a Home Make home your victory zone. Win over $8,000 in prizes as you achieve your mortgage goals. * See how I can win Lock your rate by 02/17/2026. Call 866.549.3583 to learn more. on NerdWallet A+ Rating BBB Accredited Business on LendingTree Forbes Advisor 4.9-Star Apple App Store 4.7-Star Google Play Store Scotsman Guide | #1 VA Lender, 2024 CNET | Best Mortgage Lenders, October 2024 Scotsman Guide | #1 FHA Lender, 2024 NerdWallet | Best VA Lender, 2024 on NerdWallet A+ Rating BBB Accredited Business on LendingTree Forbes Advisor 4.9-Star Apple App Store 4.7-Star Google Play Store Scotsman Guide | #1 VA Lender, 2024 CNET | Best Mortgage Lenders, October 2024 Scotsman Guide | #1 FHA Lender, 2024 NerdWallet | Best VA Lender, 2024 Our Journey to Greatness Begins With Home Our Journey to Greatness Begins With Home Our Journey to Greatness Begins With Home INTRODUCING Pennymac is honored to be the Official Mortgage Provider of the 2026 and 2028 U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Teams, and a Proud Supporter of Team USA and the LA28 Games. Together with our athletes, partners, employees and homeowners, we are Team Pennymac. Meet the team We're here to help, with experts by your side Our loan experts will guide you, from start to finish Your dedicated Pennymac Loan Officer will help you find the option that works best for you, and guide you throughout your journey. Find a loan officer Apply online, at any time Submit your application online and an expert will reach out to go over your options and help you with next steps. Apply Now Find the solutions you seek: Let’s talk Get all the information you need to make the right mortgage decisions, at the right time. 866-549-3583 Today's rates View today’s rates. Personalize your results to see what your mortgage payment could be in certain scenarios. Personalize My Rate Get Started Mortgage Type Rate APR* Points Conventional 30 year fixed FHA 30 year fixed VA 30 year fixed *View Assumptions Rates valid on: and are subject to change without notice. Your actual rate may change dependent on a variety of financial factors. Please keep in mind that the mortgage rates shown above are based on certain assumptions, which may differ from your personal home loan scenario. Explore the library of resources designed to help you build your knowledge and plan ahead. Video Series Get quick facts about home loans and beyond, with the video series that keeps it simple. Watch Now Explore purchase loans View refinance options Estimate my home value Explore calculators Resources & support Payment Assistance We our homeowners over 5 million Lifetime Customers #2 Lender In the U.S.** Nearly $700 Billion In Loans Serviced Read why people love Pennymac Rated out of 5 stars by our customers reviews on Speak with a Licensed Loan Officer Enter your contact information below and a loan officer will reach out to you to assist you with the loan process and answer any questions. Or call us now at (866) 549-3583 × Loading... First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Phone Number: Property State: Property State - Select One Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming What are you interested in? Home Equity Loan Purchase Refinance Are you a Pennymac customer? Yes No How would you like us to contact you? Please call me anytime during business hours I would like to schedule a call back Would you like to schedule a specific date/time for us to call you? You may select any 30-minute window within our regular business hours. Our call center is open Monday - Friday to and Saturday to . You have not selected a date or time to be called yet. reCaptcha must be checked Communications Consent: By clicking the Contact Me button, I am providing an electronic signature authorizing PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and its agents (Pennymac) to contact me for telemarketing purposes at the telephone number provided that may include the use of automated technology, text messages, and prerecorded messages. I have authority to provide this consent because I am the subscriber of the telephone number or I am a customary user who has authority to consent to these communications. I understand that I am not required to provide consent as a condition of loan consideration or approval. I can call Pennymac at (866) 549-3583 to receive services without providing consent. Contact Me Cancel Want to stay in the know about today's interest rates? Sign up for emails and get updates directly in your inbox! Sign Up Your info has been received! Thanks for signing up for Pennymac updates! If you have any questions about our rates, mortgages, etc., you can always call us at 866.549.3583 . Sorry, but something went wrong Please refresh the page and try again. Or if you have any questions about our rates, mortgages, etc., you can always call us at 866.549.3583 . Featured Articles Your Guide to Buying a Foreclosed Home With Confidence Learn how to navigate the foreclosure homebuying process with confidence. Our guide covers everything from home types to financing, so you're prepared when the right opportunity arises. December 11, 2025 Read More The Cost to Sell a House: What Every Smart Seller Should Know Maximize your home sale proceeds by understanding potential costs and learning how to optimize your return. Learn how to plan, price, and prepare for a successful closing with Pennymac. December 11, 2025 Read More Buying a Second Home: What You Need to Know Considering buying a second home? Discover key insights on costs, financing, tax benefits and more. Learn how to make a smart and informed investment. December 11, 2025 Read More Pennymac Correspondent Group Pennymac Correspondent Group specializes in the acquisition of newly originated U.S. residential home loans from independent mortgage bankers, banks and credit unions. Pennymac TPO Pennymac TPO is committed to the wholesale channel, supporting Broker and Non-Delegated Correspondent Partners through our long-standing industry expertise and resources. My Account Contact Us Account Help FAQs Relief & Assistance Connect with Us LinkedIn Instagram Facebook YouTube Resources Home Refinance Loans Home Purchase Loans Home Equity Loans Today's Rates Calculators Home Value Estimator Learning Center Company Info Careers About Us Media Relations Investor Relations Corporate Sustainability Talk with customer support Please be sure to have your loan number handy. 800.777.4001 My Account Contact Us Account Help FAQs Relief & Assistance Connect with Us LinkedIn Instagram Facebook YouTube Resources Home Refinance Loans Home Purchase Loans Home Equity Loans Today's Rates Calculators Home Value Estimator Learning Center Company Info Careers About Us Media Relations Investor Relations Corporate Sustainability Talk with customer support Please be sure to have your loan number handy. 800.777.4001 Equal Housing Opportunity, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, 3043 Townsgate Rd, Suite 200, Westlake Village, CA 91361, 818-224-7442 . NMLS ID # 35953. For licensing information, go to: www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org . Legal | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Fees | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Notice at Collection for CA Residents | Site Accessibility Arizona Mortgage Banker License # 0911088. Licensed by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation under the California Residential Mortgage Lending Act. Colorado office: 5500 South Quebec Street, Suite 260 Greenwood Village, CO 80111, (877) 215-2552. Massachusetts Mortgage Lender License # MC35953. Minnesota: This is not an offer to enter into an agreement and an offer may only be made pursuant to Minn. Stat. §47.206 (3) & (4). Licensed by the N.J. Department of Banking and Insurance. Licensed Mortgage Banker-NYS Department of Financial Services. North Carolina Permit No. 119504607, 119505929, 119506567, 119506570, 119507419. Rhode Island Licensed Lender # 20092600LL, Loan Broker, and Third Party Loan Servicer. Texas office: 2201 W. Plano Parkway, Suites 150 and 300, Plano, TX 75075. For more information, review Pennymac's state licenses and important notices . Not all property types qualify. Some loan products may not be available in all states. Information, property type eligibility, rates and pricing are subject to change without prior notice at the sole discretion of PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. Ask your loan officer for details. All loan programs subject to borrowers meeting appropriate underwriting conditions. This is not a commitment to lend. Other restrictions apply. The information included in this communication is considered confidential and proprietary, and any unauthorized reproduction is prohibited. © 2025 Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, Pennymac and all related marks are trademarks of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Use of Olympic footage authorized by the IOC and by the USOPC (36 U.S.C. § 220506). The use of Olympic Marks, Terminology and Imagery is authorized by the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee and LA28 pursuant to Title 36 U.S. Code Section 220506. All third-party content is the property of its respective owners. All rights reserved. (12-2025) This website may include combined information from PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. ("PFSI") and PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ("PMT") collectively Pennymac. See offer details below. Homebuying Rate Saver Event: Pennymac has lowered its rates on conventional, FHA, VA, and Jumbo purchase loans. Offer excludes third-party and in-process loans. Offer subject to change or cancellation without notice. Close on Time Guarantee: Applicants whose loans did not close on or before scheduled closing as set forth in the purchase contract (“Scheduled Closing Date”) will receive a $2,500 credit in the form of a lender credit to be applied, in applicant’s discretion, towards closing costs or for principal curtailment (“Offer”). Offer not available for refinance loans, co-ops, unapproved condos, and residences under construction. Offer assumes the Scheduled Closing Date is at least 30 days (for Conventional loans) or 45 days (for FHA, VA and Jumbo loans) after receipt of a complete mortgage loan application and that applicants submit a completed mortgage loan application to Pennymac within 5 days of signing a purchase contract. Offer does not apply if applicable law or investor requirements impose a required waiting period prior to Scheduled Closing Date and that waiting period prevents or prohibits Pennymac from closing on or before Scheduled Closing Date. To be eligible for this Offer, applicant’s rate must be locked on or after 7/14/2025. Offer eligibility decisions are made by Pennymac at its sole discretion. Exclusions The Close of Time Guarantee does not apply to the following: (1) Applicants whose loans did not close on time due to delays attributable to or changes made by applicant, an unaffiliated 3rd party vendor or the seller; (2) Applicants whose loans did not close on time due to circumstances outside the control of Pennymac, including but not limited to, inclement weather, natural disaster, catastrophic event, act of terrorism or other public emergency beyond the control of Pennymac; (3) Applicants whose information as provided on mortgage loan application could not be verified, was inaccurate or insufficient; (4) Applicants whose application or property do not meet Pennymac’s eligibility criteria; and (5) where the subject property associated with the applicant’s mortgage loan application requires renovations, repairs or further inspection by Pennymac, investor, or per the purchase contract. Pennymac reserves the right to modify these terms and conditions or terminate the Offer at any time. Other terms and conditions, restrictions, or eligibility criteria may apply. * NO PURCHASE OR LOAN NECESSARY. A PURCHASE OR LOAN WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. Open only to legal residents of the 50 US/DC, 18 years of age and older. Void where prohibited by law. Sweepstakes starts at 6:00 a.m. PT on 11/17/25 and ends at 11:59 p.m. PT on 4/27/26. Lock a loan (or request a free Entry Code) by 2/17/26, and close on the loan by 4/17/26. Subject to Official Rules, including entry instructions, how to obtain an entry code without locking/closing a loan, prize details, odds, and restrictions, click here . Sponsor: PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, 3043 Townsgate Rd, Suite 200, Westlake Village, CA 91361. The Olympic Entities have not offered or sponsored this Sweepstakes in any way and shall have no liability or responsibility for any claim arising in connection with participation in this Sweepstakes or any prize awarded. **Based on results from Inside Mortgage Finance 12M ended 3/31/25. Includes PMT loan acquisitions, for which PFSI earns a fulfillment fee upon loan funding. × Close Assumptions The following assumptions reflect search criteria for Rates: Loan purpose: Home value: Loan amount: Property state: Property county: Loan-to-value (LTV): Down payment: Cash out: The following assumptions reflect the search criteria: Loan purpose: Property state: Property county: Lien position: Prepayment penalty: Property type: Property use: FICO: Refinancing may increase the length of your loan and the total amount of interest you pay over the life of your loan. Closing costs paid out of pocket Tax and insurance escrow account created Loan Estimate issued within 3 days of application Not all products and terms are shown All rates and programs subject to loan underwriting and approval and may be subject to change depending on individual credit profile and other qualifications Monthly payment does not include amounts for taxes, property insurance and mortgage insurance (where applicable). The actual payment obligation will be greater. *The annual percentage rate ("APR") calculations on first-lien mortgage loan products in the tables are based on typical prepaid finance charges-actual charges may vary based on the terms of the loan and geographical area. For ARMS, the APR, interest rate, and monthly payments may increase after the introductory interest rate period. For VA Loans, VA funding fee required and will vary. Maximum loan guaranty amount varies per county. Contact the VA for the maximum loan guaranty amount for your county and for more information on the funding fee. Discount points are charges paid to the lender voluntarily, usually at closing by the borrower or seller, to reduce the interest rate. One point is equal to 1% of the principal amount of the mortgage. Conventional Mortgages: FHA Mortgages: Jumbo Mortgages: VA Mortgages: Assumptions display is temporarily unavailable. Close