Home - Penny Arcade We use cookies to remember your display preferences for fonts and Day/Night mode, keep you logged into Club PA, and to protect forms from cross site scripting attacks. We use Google Analytics, which has its own cookie. Our ads may also use their own cookies. Use Necessary Cookies Only Allow All Cookies Skip Nav Penny Arcade Comic News Open Menu Penny Arcade Close Menu Home - current page Comic News Video Podcasts Stories Archive Store About Contact Club PA Login Sign Up Acq Inc PAX Child's Play Pinny Arcade Toggle Display Mode - Night Mode selected Font Style Font Style Sans Serif - Selected Font Style Serif Font Size Default Font Size - Selected Large Font Size Live Now Acq Inc PAX Child's Play Pinny Arcade About Contact Club PA Login or Sign Up Open Font Settings Menu Close Font Settings Menu Font Style Font Style Sans Serif - Selected Font Style Serif Font Size Default Font Size - Selected Large Font Size Toggle Display Mode - Night Mode selected Penny Arcade Comic News Video Podcasts Stories Archive Store Latest Comics New Strips Mon, Wed & Fri Mon 12/29 Fri 12/26 Wed 12/24 Advertisement Earth, Wind, and Fire By Tycho – December 29, 2025 Avatar Not The One With The Sky Bison The Cameron One If I just didn't like Avatar that would be one thing, but the proxy data of Avatar movies being one of very few series to approach - let alone maintain - the heights of yesteryear have turned it into a puzzlebox. Everybody has a Star Wars; for us, it was Star Wars. For Gabe's youngest, Noah, his Star Wars is still Star Wars but it isn't ours - it's The Clone Wars. I hope there was a cadre for whom Lord of the Rings was their Star Wars, but I suspect this demographic slice was Star Wars'd by the books and movies about the wizards and the school. Three Things! By Gabe – December 28, 2025 These are strange days between Christmas and New Years. I don’t tend to accomplish much other than eating too much See’s candy, reading and playing some games. I have eaten, read, and played some really cool stuff though and I want to share. When They Go Low By Tycho – December 26, 2025 Highguard When I see the Highguard trailer , I essentially want to install it immediately - and I could, because it's free, but I can't, because it's not out . It's not hard to see the influences, which are every great game, some of which were made originally by people at the studio putting it together. You can jump off a hill onto a ghost horse. You can use a wand to licklessly enter the center of a mystical Tootsie Pop. You can do a lip trick off a giant human skull into a burning vagina . You can use a sword to Amazon Prime a battering ram to fuck up an enemy dome! I just got a dome for Christmas, and I'm returning it. I don't even see the point of having a dome with these things runnin' around. Children In Danger, Part Three By Tycho – December 25, 2025 Alright! So that's all the frogs we have for you at this time. You dodged a frog bullet here, people: this ended so nice that we decided to just let it live. But I got a real cool idea for the next three and they're basically done. So, next time the flesh is weak - or we aren't able to form a strip from the shrapnel of a once functional society - we have an artisinal crutch ready to go. More News Advertisement Comic Remix ? ? ? Roll the dice and we’ll give you three random panels chosen from over 27 years of comics. Generate Comic Feeling Nostalgic? 6 Years Ago Generality Newsletter Sign Up Stay up to date on all the comings and goings at Penny Arcade by joining the mailing list. Getting electronic mail is fun! It's like the future, but right now. By submitting your information, you agree to the Privacy Policy . Follow Penny Arcade Twitch /PennyArcade YouTube PennyArcadeTV Twitter @PA_Megacorp TikTok pennyarcade Instagram PAMegacorp Facebook Penny Arcade Club PA Patreon RSS Feed Email PA Gabe Email Gabe Tycho Twitter @TychoBrahe Email Tycho Est. 1998 © Copyright 2025 Penny Arcade, Inc. Home Comic News Video Podcasts Stories Archive Store About Login Sign Up Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service