Home Skip to main content. Closed for holiday Book Tickets Visit Visit Start here—for a world of adventure BOOK TICKETS Plan Your Visit Tours & Events Museum Shop Museum Café Accessibility & Amenities Visitor Guidelines Getting Here Digital Guide & Map GROUP & FAMILY VISITS Plan a Group Visit Plan a K-12 Field Trip On View On View Open your mind and world as you globetrot in a day. Overview Africa Ancient Egypt & Nubia OPENING 2026 Asia Eastern Mediterranean Etruscan Italy Greece Mexico & Central America Middle East Native North America Rome SPECIAL EXHIBITIONS Ancient Egypt: From Discovery to Display Ancient Egypt in Watercolors Into the Blue Preserving Assyria U-2 Spy Planes & Aerial Archaeology Events Events From festivals and after-hours happenings to classes and talks, we have something for all ages—all year round. EVENTS CALENDAR Talks & Tours Classes & Workshops After-Hours Virtual Kids & Families Scout Programs Up Late with the Sphinx Collections Collections Access collections that document global human history. Learn more about stewardship, study, and care of these materials. ONLINE COLLECTIONS Curatorial Sections Museum Archives Object Conservation Registrar's Office Access the Collections Rights and Permissions Research Research We embrace interdisciplinary and collaborative research, centering innovation and cultural heritage. Our Research Museum Publications Expedition Magazine Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials Cultural Heritage Center Learn Learn We spark imaginations through inclusive, accessible educational initiatives within and beyond our gallery walls. Penn Students Penn Instructors Non-Penn Instructors K-12 Educators Unpacking the Past High School & College Students Join / Give Join / Give There are worlds to experience at the Penn Museum and members get the best access. BECOME A MEMBER Membership Membership FAQs Community Library Pass Give Sphinx Circle and Visionaries About About Our vision is to transform understanding of our common human experience. Welcome & Leadership Our Story Statements & Policies Jobs & Opportunities Press Room Host an Event Weddings Our Blog: Penn Museum Voices Contact Visit Visit Start here—for a world of adventure BOOK TICKETS Plan Your Visit Tours & Events Museum Shop Museum Café Accessibility & Amenities Visitor Guidelines Getting Here Digital Guide & Map GROUP & FAMILY VISITS Plan a Group Visit Plan a K-12 Field Trip On View On View Open your mind and world as you globetrot in a day. Overview Africa Ancient Egypt & Nubia OPENING 2026 Asia Eastern Mediterranean Etruscan Italy Greece Mexico & Central America Middle East Native North America Rome SPECIAL EXHIBITIONS Ancient Egypt: From Discovery to Display Ancient Egypt in Watercolors Into the Blue Preserving Assyria U-2 Spy Planes & Aerial Archaeology Events Events From festivals and after-hours happenings to classes and talks, we have something for all ages—all year round. EVENTS CALENDAR Talks & Tours Classes & Workshops After-Hours Virtual Kids & Families Scout Programs Up Late with the Sphinx Collections Collections Access collections that document global human history. Learn more about stewardship, study, and care of these materials. ONLINE COLLECTIONS Curatorial Sections Museum Archives Object Conservation Registrar's Office Access the Collections Rights and Permissions Research Research We embrace interdisciplinary and collaborative research, centering innovation and cultural heritage. Our Research Museum Publications Expedition Magazine Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials Cultural Heritage Center Learn Learn We spark imaginations through inclusive, accessible educational initiatives within and beyond our gallery walls. Penn Students Penn Instructors Non-Penn Instructors K-12 Educators Unpacking the Past High School & College Students Join / Give Join / Give There are worlds to experience at the Penn Museum and members get the best access. BECOME A MEMBER Membership Membership FAQs Community Library Pass Give Sphinx Circle and Visionaries About About Our vision is to transform understanding of our common human experience. Welcome & Leadership Our Story Statements & Policies Jobs & Opportunities Press Room Host an Event Weddings Our Blog: Penn Museum Voices Contact Book tickets search Closed for holiday Explore Our Shared Humanity A million world wonders. 10,000 years of history. An ongoing exploration of the human experience. Book Tickets NOW ON VIEW Native North America Gallery Developed in partnership with eight Indigenous consulting curators, this new gallery explores the political, religious, linguistic, and artistic self-determination of Native peoples across the United States. Included with admission What's On View Connect with vibrant cultures of the world, from the very first cities of the Middle East to the lives of Native American communities today. Plan Your Visit The Penn Museum is open to all. 3260 South Street, Philadelphia, PA 19014 Open Tuesday through Sunday: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Members Get More World adventure awaits all explorers at the Penn Museum, and members get a world of perks: Free year-round admission, special discounts, plus invitations to popular programs and exclusive events. Become a Member Photo©VisitPhilly Upcoming Events The Deep Dig In Power and Propaganda in Ancient Rome, Dr. C. Brian Rose reveals how images, monuments, and mythmaking helped build one of history’s most influential and enduring empires. Mind & Mood Recharge powered by Penn Medicine First Wednesdays, we're open late with wellness activities for all levels from local practitioners of yoga, meditation, sound healing, and more. CultureFest! Lunar New Year Jan. 31, ring in the Year of the Horse with a festive day celebrating Asian traditions. Up Late with the Sphinx Explore the galleries after dark during an epic evening of family fun. Upcoming Events Connect with science, culture, history, and more during one of these upcoming programs. From exquisite jewelry and decor to toys, books, and apparel, find world treasures to inspire and delight at the Penn Museum Shop. Members save 15% on all purchases everyday. Shop Now Host an Event Celebrate with Us Our beautiful historic building located on the University of Pennsylvania’s campus is one of Philadelphia’s premier venues for weddings, celebrations, corporate, and philanthropic events. Once inside you’ll be transported to a new world. Harvey, Google Reviews ★ ★ ★ ★ In the News Member Perk Expedition magazine An exclusive magazine for Penn Museum Members to dig into the latest archaeological research, amazing artifacts, world culture, and Penn Museum news. WHYY: Penn Museum’s new Native North America exhibition collaborates with Indigenous curators Shaped with eight Indigenous Consulting Curators, the Native North America Gallery spans 13,000 years of Native history across four U.S. regions, highlighting powerful Native-led stories of being rooted in resilience and resisting erasure. 3260 South Street Philadelphia, PA 19104 215.898.4000 | © Penn Museum 2025 ABOUT MEMBERSHIP SUPPORT PRESS HOST AN EVENT The Penn Museum respectfully acknowledges that it is situated on Lenapehoking, the ancestral and spiritual homeland of the Unami Lenape. World Wonders in your inbox. Sign up for our Newsletter Subscribe Report Web Accessibility Issues and Get Help Contact Report Copyright Infringement Disclaimer Privacy