PeoplesHost | Web Hosting, VPS, Reseller & Dedicated Servers About Us Our Guarantee Reviews (800) 395-7779 Live Chat Contact Support Home Web Hosting Linux Web Hosting Windows ASP.NET Web Hosting WordPress Hosting Business Linux Business Hosting Windows ASP.NET Business Hosting VPS Linux VPS Hosting Windows VPS Hosting Reseller Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Reseller Hosting Dedicated Domains Login Hosting without compromise. Free Domain Name* & Privacy Free Daily & Weekly Backups SSD Speed & Performance 24/7 U.S. Based Support GET WEB HOSTING A Great Website Starts with a Perfect Domain Domain Search: Choose a free domain* with any hosting plan! I’D RATHER TRANSFER, INSTEAD. FAST AND RELIABLE WEB HOSTING PLANS Web hosting plans designed specifically for anyone with a website, blog, online store, or application. Free Domain Name* Choose a free domain name when you sign up for web hosting at PeoplesHost! SSD Performance Faster data access and performance than non-SSD hosting environments. 1-Click Installations Install over 440+ open source scripts and software in seconds with Softaculous. Unlimited Domains Addon unlimited domains through the control panel to your hosting account. Free Account Backups We back up and store your website’s files and databases for peace of mind. Server Monitoring Active 24/7 monitoring on your website and network for best uptime and reliability. 24/7 Live Support Always available, U.S. based technical support via phone, live chat, and support tickets. 60 Days Guarantee We stand behind our services and support. Your satisfaction is our #1 priority. Optimized Web Hosting for.. Everybody! Fully managed and configured on the back-end. Amazing features on Shared, VPS, and Dedicated servers. Shared Hosting Perfect for developers and anyone getting started building an online presence. Start and grow your website with plenty of storage and bandwidth. Great features, value, performance, and reliable support! as low as $8/mo Learn more about Linux Hosting Business Hosting Powerful, reliable, with tons of features, and enough resources to grow your business online. Free domain name*, free email accounts, free website backups, and more! as low as $28/mo Explore our Business Hosting plans VPS Hosting Choose a fully managed Virtual Private Server (VPS) configured with SSDs in RAID10 to deliver high performance and reliability. Our VPS infrastructure was designed and built to grow with you. as low as $29/mo See Linux VPS features and pricing Dedicated Servers Our industry leading Dedicated servers are affordable and perfect for anyone who demands enterprise level performance, absolute control of their environment, full root access, stability, monitoring, and security. as low as $199/mo Discover Dedicated Server options Everything You’ll Ever Need to Get Yourself Online! We’re not just another shared host. We don’t put on a facade and you won’t receive canned responses. No extra charges for priority support. Try us absolutely risk free with our 60 day money back guarantee! Basic $ 8 /mo as low as 5GB SSD Storage 10GB Monthly Bandwidth Free Domain Name* Free Daily Backups Free Script Installations Free Website Migration Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Addon Domains Unlimited MySQL Databases PHP 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 SSH Access FTP & SFTP Access 24/7 U.S. Based Support 99.9% Uptime Guarantee 60 Day Money Back Guarantee Order Now Most Popular Choice $ 11 /mo as low as 20GB SSD Storage 30GB Monthly Bandwidth Free Domain Name* Free Daily Backups Free Script Installations Free Website Migration Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Addon Domains Unlimited MySQL Databases PHP 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 SSH Access FTP & SFTP Access 24/7 U.S. Based Support 99.9% Uptime Guarantee 60 Day Money Back Guarantee Order Now Pro $ 21 /mo as low as 50GB SSD Storage 60GB Monthly Bandwidth Free Domain Name* Free Daily Backups Free Script Installations Free Website Migration Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Addon Domains Unlimited MySQL Databases PHP 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 SSH Access FTP & SFTP Access 24/7 U.S. Based Support 99.9% Uptime Guarantee 60 Day Money Back Guarantee Order Now Free Website Migration Services Have a website that’s hosted somewhere else? No problem! We provide free migration services for all new customers. Simply choose your hosting plan and we’ll take care of the rest. It’s that easy! Learn about our Website Migration Services We’re committed to serving our customers. Order now and see why thousands of customers choose PeoplesHost! ORDER NOW Satisfied Customers Around the World! PeoplesHost provides best in class web hosting services and support. Each hosting environment is tailored and configured to fit the needs of individuals, small businesses, and enterprise hosting requirements. Offering reliable 24/7 U.S. based support, 99.9% uptime, daily and weekly backups, free domain name*, free migration services, and a 60 day money back guarantee to all of our valued customers. FOLLOW US ON COMPANY PeoplesHost Reviews Our Guarantee About Us Our Datacenter Knowledgebase Coupons & Discounts Affiliate Program Blog Sitemap HOSTING Shared Linux Hosting Shared Windows Hosting Linux Business Hosting Windows Business Hosting Linux VPS Hosting Windows VPS Hosting Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers SERVICES Domain Registrations Free Domain Privacy SSL Certificates Website Transfers WordPress Malware Removal Content Delivery Network Network/Server Status IP Checker/What's My IP WordPress Toolkit for cPanel Complete Digital Solutions, LLC. dba peopleshost.com © 2015 - 2021 All rights reserved. - Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Acceptable Usage Policy *Free domain (.com, .net, .org, .info, .biz, .us) included with select billing cycles. Domains purchased through this offer renew at the then-current renewal price. Menu Home Web Hosting Linux Web Hosting Windows ASP.NET Web Hosting Business Linux Business Hosting Windows ASP.NET Business Hosting VPS Linux VPS Hosting Windows VPS Hosting Reseller Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers Domains Login We use cookies to personalize our website for you and to analyze our website traffic. You consent to this by clicking on "I consent" or by continuing to utilize our website. Further information about our cookie policies can be found in our Privacy Policy . I consent Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT