Politics & Policy - Research and data from Pew Research Center Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Newsletters Press My Account Donate Contacted By Us? Read our research on: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Search Research Topics Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Full Topic List Regions & Countries Asia & the Pacific Europe & Russia Latin America Middle East & North Africa North America Sub-Saharan Africa Multiple Regions / Worldwide Formats Feature Fact Sheet Video Data Essay Publications Our Methods Short Reads Tools & Datasets Experts About Us Research Topics Publications Short Reads Tools & Datasets About Pew Research Center Newsletters Press My Account Contacted By Us? Search Read Our Research On: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Home > Research Topics Politics & Policy Election 2024 Donald Trump Government Political Polarization U.S. Elections & Voters Partisanship & Issues + More Topic Spotlight Trump’s Job Approval: 40% of Americans approve of how Trump is handling his job as president, according to a late September survey. Vice President Vance and congressional leaders in both parties are also viewed more negatively than positively. ( Read the short read ) Immigration: 47% of Americans disapprove of the Trump administration’s overall approach to immigration, while 42% approve, according to a June survey. But evaluations are largely split along partisan lines. ( Read the report ) Voters in 2024: Trump won the 2024 presidential election with a voter coalition that was more racially and ethnically diverse than in 2020 or 2016. ( Read the report ) fact sheet Dec 4, 2025 Public Trust in Government: 1958-2025 While trust in government has been low for decades, the current measure is one of the lowest in the nearly seven decades since the question was first asked by the National Election Study, and it is lower than it was last year (22%). Related: As Democrats’ anger spikes, Americans’ feelings about the federal government grow more polarized report Oct 30, 2025 A Year Ahead of the Midterms, Americans’ Dim Views of Both Parties short read Oct 8, 2025 Most Americans think Trump is trying to exercise more power than previous presidents report Aug 27, 2025 Republicans’ Views of Justice Department, FBI Rebound as Democrats’ Views Shift More Negative Sign up for our politics newsletter Our latest politics data every month Thank you for subscribing! Processing… All Politics & Policy Publications Filtered by: Reset Refine Your Results short reads Dec 22, 2025 Younger Americans are less likely than others to support an active role for the U.S. in world affairs Overall, 53% of Americans say it is extremely or very important for the U.S. to take an active role in world affairs. short reads Dec 19, 2025 U.S. stands out globally in how it draws legislative districts Among 107 democracies, we found that only one other country uses the same redistricting approach as the U.S. short reads Dec 16, 2025 Trump has already issued more executive orders in his second term than in his first Before Trump, the last time a president surpassed 100 executive orders in the first year of a term was 1945, when Harry Truman took over the presidency after FDR’s death. short reads Dec 15, 2025 Growing shares say the Trump administration is doing ‘too much’ to deport immigrants in the U.S. illegally Overall, 50% of adults disapprove of the Trump administration’s approach to immigration, including 36% who strongly disapprove. short reads Dec 15, 2025 Our favorite data visualizations of 2025 In this post, we’ll highlight a few of our favorite visuals from 2025 and walk through how we made them and what makes them successful. short reads Dec 10, 2025 Most Americans say government has a responsibility to ensure health care coverage Most Americans (66%) say the federal government has a responsibility to make sure all Americans have health care coverage. short reads Dec 9, 2025 Striking findings from 2025 Here’s a look back at 2025 through 12 of our most striking research findings. short reads Dec 4, 2025 As Democrats’ anger spikes, Americans’ feelings about the federal government grow more polarized Frustration is common across the political spectrum regardless of which party holds the presidency. short reads Dec 1, 2025 People who trust others tend to support international cooperation more than those who don’t In many countries outside the U.S., those with higher levels of social trust are also more likely to view several international organizations positively. short reads Dec 1, 2025 Where most people trust others and where they don’t around the world Trust tends to be higher in the high-income countries surveyed than in the middle-income ones. 1 2 3 … 500 Next Page → REfine Your Selection Date + More Years Formats + More Regions & Countries + More Research Teams Authors Signature Reports report Apr 9, 2024 Changing Partisan Coalitions in a Politically Divided Nation Amid shifts in demographics and partisan allegiances, registered voters are now evenly split between the Democratic Party and the GOP. report Sep 19, 2023 Americans’ Dismal Views of the Nation’s Politics Americans’ views of politics and elected officials are unrelentingly negative, with little hope of improvement on the horizon. 65% of Americans say they always or often feel exhausted when thinking about politics. By contrast, just 10% say they always or often feel hopeful about politics. report Nov 9, 2021 Beyond Red vs. Blue: The Political Typology Pew Research Center’s political typology provides a roadmap to today’s fractured political landscape. It organizes the public into nine distinct groups, based on an analysis of their attitudes and values. Even in a polarized era, the 2021 survey reveals deep divisions in both partisan coalitions. report Dec 17, 2019 In a Politically Polarized Era, Sharp Divides in Both Partisan Coalitions Partisanship remains the strongest factor dividing the American public. Yet there are substantial divisions within both parties on fundamental political values, views of current issues and the severity of the problems facing the nation. Features feature Jun 26, 2025 How Changes in Turnout and Vote Choice Powered Trump’s Victory in 2024 report Jan 9, 2024 Tuning Out: Americans on the Edge of Politics data essay Dec 17, 2020 Voters Say Those on the Other Side ‘Don’t Get’ Them. Here’s What They Want Them to Know. quiz Nov 9, 2021 Political Typology Quiz 901 E St. NW, Suite 300 Washington, DC 20004 USA (+1) 202-419-4300 | Main (+1) 202-857-8562 | Fax (+1) 202-419-4372 | Media Inquiries Research Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Follow Us Email Newsletters YouTube Instagram Facebook LinkedIn X Bluesky Threads RSS Feed ABOUT PEW RESEARCH CENTER Pew Research Center is a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping the world. It does not take policy positions. The Center conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, computational social science research and other data-driven research. Pew Research Center is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts , its primary funder. © 2025 Pew Research Center About Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Careers Contact Us Privacy Notice We use cookies and other technologies to help improve your experience; some are necssary for the site to work, and some are optional. Lean more in our privacy policy . Essential Cookies These cookies are required for the website to function and cannot be switched off. Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. Marketing Cookies These cookies are used to track your activity and show you personalized content. Preferences These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make. Accept All Cookies Accept only necessary cookies Cookie Settings Save Preferences Notifications