Pepperjam's Ascend Affiliate Platform Platform Services Advertisers and Brands Publishers and Influencers Agencies and OPMs Partners Resources Blog About Contact Us Welcome to Ascend! Login REDEFINING Performance Marketing Understanding marketers' need to reach, engage and convert high-value customers, Pepperjam powers the connections necessary to achieve mutual—and measurable—success between brands and publishers. We are redefining performance marketing through innovative technology and service expertise to empower marketers to launch, manage and optimize modern affiliate programs. Experience the Ascend™ by Partnerize difference in the new era of affiliate marketing. Explore For Publishers Looking to monetize your content, website or your social presence? Perhaps you're looking to partner with the right advertisers who can fuel your growth. Just browse, click and connect with brands. When it comes to tracking, reporting and payment processing, you don't need to worry, we've got you covered. As a technology platform, Ascend™ by Partnerize's suite of solutions provides end-to-end campaign tracking, so you can focus on what you do best: creating engaging content that converts. Become a publisher For Advertisers. You've worked hard to build your brand. Now is the time to amplify your message to high-value customers through a high-quality global publisher base. Affiliate marketing is one of the most misunderstood digital channels in marketing. However, the opportunity within it is truly limitless. Our easy-to-use platform combines intuitive technology and access to a global publisher network so you can begin reaching, engaging and converting customers, maximizing your brand's reach and potential. Request a consultation Services Advertisers & Brands Publishers & Influencers Agencies & OPMs About About Us Careers Leadership News & Events Resources Blog Case studies Webinars Offering sheets Whitepapers Quick links Platform Blog © 2025 Performance Horizon Group Limited. All rights reserved. Partnerize is the trading name of Performance Horizon Group Limited – Registered in England & Wales 07188234 Legal Notices | Privacy & Opt-Out