Online CFD Trading Platform & Forex Broker in Australia  | Pepperstone Home Pro Partners Help and support English English 中文版 Ways to trade CDF trading Trade price movements with competitive spreads Premium clients Exclusive rewards and bespoke benefits for high-vol traders Pricing Discover our tight spreads, plus all other possble fees Trading accounts Pro Active trader program Refer a friend Demo trading Trading hours 24-hour trading Maintenance schedule Risk management Funding and withdrawals Markets Margin FX Get great rates on majors like EUR/USD, plus minors and exotics Commodity CFDs Trade on metals, energies & softs, with oil spreads from 2 cents Cryptocurrency CFDs Speculate on Bitcoin, Ether and more, with a trusted broker Share CFDs Index CFDs ETF CFDs Currency Index CFDs Dividends for index CFDs Dividends for share CFDs CFD forwards Trading platforms TradingView Trade through the world-famous supercharts with great pricing MetaTrader 5 Explore the apex in trading automation with our execution tech The Pepperstone platform MetaTrader 4 cTrader Trading tools Integrations Market analysis Navigating markets Latest news and analysis from our experts The Daily Fix Your regular round-up of key events Meet the analysts Our global team giving your trading the edge Learn Trading guides Trading guides & educational materials Webinars Grow your knowledge About us Who we are Pepperstone was born from the dream of making trading better Pepperstone reviews Company news Company awards Protecting clients online Join now Login Ways to trade CDF trading Trade price movements with competitive spreads Premium clients Exclusive rewards and bespoke benefits for high-vol traders Pricing Discover our tight spreads, plus all other possble fees Trading accounts Pro Active trader program Refer a friend Demo trading Trading hours 24-hour trading Maintenance schedule Risk management Funding and withdrawals Markets Margin FX Get great rates on majors like EUR/USD, plus minors and exotics Commodity CFDs Trade on metals, energies & softs, with oil spreads from 2 cents Cryptocurrency CFDs Speculate on Bitcoin, Ether and more, with a trusted broker Share CFDs Index CFDs ETF CFDs Currency Index CFDs Dividends for index CFDs Dividends for share CFDs CFD forwards Trading platforms TradingView Trade through the world-famous supercharts with great pricing MetaTrader 5 Explore the apex in trading automation with our execution tech The Pepperstone platform MetaTrader 4 cTrader Trading tools Integrations Market analysis Navigating markets Latest news and analysis from our experts The Daily Fix Your regular round-up of key events Meet the analysts Our global team giving your trading the edge Learn Trading guides Trading guides & educational materials Webinars Grow your knowledge About us Who we are Pepperstone was born from the dream of making trading better Pepperstone reviews Company news Company awards Protecting clients online Your No.1 Aussie made trading provider¹ With local analysis and support. Access over 1,350 instruments to trade as CFDs, including Margin FX, indices, commodities, cryptocurrencies and shares. Login Ready to trade? Apply in minutes Are we your TradingView broker of the year? Rate us now! Are we your TradingView broker of the year? Rate us now! We’re delighted to be in the running for TradingView’s 2025 Broker of the Year award, and we’d really appreciate your support with an honest review. Rate us now Trustpilot Our numbers speak for themselves Data for the Pepperstone Group, correct as at October 2025 830K+ Traders $1TN+ Monthly trading volume (AUD) $100M+ Withdrawn each month (AUD) 10 Global offices Top Traded Margin FX Instruments EUR/USD GBP/USD USD/JPY GBP/JPY AUD/USD AUD/CAD USD/CHF AUD/NZD AUD/JPY USD/CAD NZD/USD EUR/JPY EUR/GBP EUR/AUD EUR/CAD AUD/CHF Upgrade your trading Take your strategy to the next level with a broker who truly understands what traders need. Super-tight spreads Trade from 0.0pts on FX and 0.05pts on gold. 2 Fast and reliable execution Receive a 99.59% fill rate, with no dealer intervention. 3 Deep liquidity Receive competitive quotes from multiple Tier 1 banks. Local support Our Australia-based team is here to answer all your trading queries. Trade gold CFDs with $0 commission² Trade gold CFDs with $0 commission², lightning-fast execution, deep liquidity and razor-sharp spreads – built for volatile moves. Trusted by Australian traders. Trade now Available leverage Access a world of opportunity with over 1350 instruments to trade as CFDs. View the maximum leverage available for retail and pro clients. Asset class Max retail leverage Max pro leverage Margin FX major 1:30 1:500 Margin FX minor 1:20 1:500 Margin FX NDF 1:10 1:10 Major index CFDs 1:20 1:400 Minor index CFDs 1:10 1:100 Currency index CFDs 1:5 1:200 Gold CFDs 1:20 1:500 Metal CFDs 1:10 1:500 Energy CFDs 1:10 1:143 Soft commodity CFDs 1:10 1:50 BTCUSD & ETHUSD CFDs 1:2 1:400 Other cryptocurrency CFDs 1:2 1:10 Share CFDs & ETF CFDs 1:5 1:20 Bond CFDs 1:5 1:33 Please note that certain protections available to retail clients do not apply to Pepperstone Pro clients. To learn more about reduced protections, higher leverage limits, and to check if you qualify as a pro client, visit our pro page . With local support you can take on the world Alex de Minaur - Global Pepperstone Ambassador Find your perfect platform Trade the world's markets anywhere, anytime, with cutting-edge technology and customisable tools. The Pepperstone Platform Enjoy a secure, smart and streamlined trading experience on our web platform and mobile app. Learn more MetaTrader 4 Automate your trading with the definitive margin FX platform. Customise with indicators, EAs and pattern-recognition software. Learn more MetaTrader 5 An even-more powerful version of MetaTrader? Let more markets, more order types, more features be your answer. Learn more cTrader Trade directly through show-stopping charts with hundreds of in-built indicators and strategies. Learn more TradingView Replicate an institutional liquidity environment and develop trading robots to automate on your behalf. Learn more Ready to trade? Apply in minutes Become a Pepperstone Pro Access higher leverage and exclusive account features. As a Pro you can also earn volume-based rebates through our Active Trader Program and enjoy premium rewards with our Refer A Friend Program. Check your eligibility and apply now Get the edge We bring you expert market analysis, insights and education, empowering you to make informed trading decisions. How to Trade Gold in 2026: A Higher Price Anchor Under Structural Support Dilin Wu Research Strategist December 22, 2025 Gold Commodities December 2025 ECB Review: Nothing To See Here Michael Brown Senior Research Strategist December 18, 2025 EUR Monetary Policy November 2025 US CPI: A Chunky Cooling Michael Brown Senior Research Strategist December 18, 2025 USD FOMC How to Trade Gold in 2026: A Higher Price Anchor Under Structural Support Dilin Wu Research Strategist December 22, 2025 Gold Commodities December 2025 ECB Review: Nothing To See Here Michael Brown Senior Research Strategist December 18, 2025 EUR Monetary Policy November 2025 US CPI: A Chunky Cooling Michael Brown Senior Research Strategist December 18, 2025 USD FOMC View all articles Where Better Trades Discover a shared obsession. An elite collaboration between two like-minded organisations that share a common interest. Together we’re breaking the mould in our industries. Find out how Awarded by the best Globally, we're awarded by Ready to trade? It's quick and easy to get started. Apply in minutes with our simple application process. 1 Register Sign up with your email address. 2 Answer some questions We’ll check your suitability for our products. 3 Verify your identity Your safety is our top priority. 4 Add some funds That’s it! You’re ready to trade. Apply now 1 Top Australian-owned CFD provider by primary relationships, CFDs & FX, data as of November 2024. Investment Trends Australia Leverage Trading Report 2024. 2 Other fees and charges may apply. 3 99.59%. Fill rates are based on all trades data between 01/07/2025 and 30/09/2025 4 24-hour trading 5 days per week on select US share CFDs. For exact timings, please refer to the instrument specification within the trading terminal. 5 Data correct as of January 2025. 6 Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin are much more volatile than traditional currencies and carry significant risks. Other sites The Trade Off Partners Group Careers Ways to trade Pricing Trading accounts Pro Premium Clients Active Trader program Refer a friend Trading hours Platforms Trading Platforms TradingView MT5 MT4 cTrader Trading tools Markets & Symbols Forex Shares ETFs Indices Commodities Currency indices Cryptocurrencies CFD Forwards Analysis Navigating Markets The Daily Fix Meet the analysts Learn to Trade Trading Guides Videos Webinars support@pepperstone.com 1300 033 375 Level 16, Tower One, 727 Collins Street Melbourne, VIC Australia 3008 Legal documents Privacy policy Website terms and conditions Cookie policy Whistleblower Policy Sitemap © 2025 Pepperstone Group Limited Risk Warning : Trading CFDs and margin FX is risky. It isn't suitable for everyone and if you are a professional client, you could lose substantially more than your initial investment. You don't own or have rights in the underlying assets. Past performance is no indication of future performance and tax laws are subject to change. The information on this website is general in nature and doesn't take into account your personal objectives, financial circumstances, or needs. You should consider whether you’re part of our target market by reviewing our TMD , and read our PDS and other legal documents to ensure you fully understand the risks before you make any trading decisions. We encourage you to seek independent advice if necessary. Pepperstone Group Limited is located at Level 16, Tower One, 727 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3008, Australia and is licensed and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The information on this site and the products and services offered are not intended for distribution to any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. © 2024 Pepperstone Group Limited | ACN 147 055 703 | AFSL No.414530