Perfect Privacy VPN: Fast, anonymous & safe on the Internet Your location: Your IP: Your status: Protected Unprotected · To the tests » Deutsch News My Account Home Why VPN Features Pricing VPN Server VPN Apps Help Center Perfect Privacy VPN Protects Your Privacy Premium VPN in 22 countries Perfect Privacy is committed to the privacy and anonymity of its customers since 2008 and is one of the most secure VPN providers worldwide since the beginning. The protection of your privacy is our primary concern – therefore we do not record user activity. You can freely choose between all of our fast VPN servers. These are located all over the globe, including popular locations like Sweden, Russia, Iceland, Hong Kong, and the Netherlands. Most of our servers have IPv6 addresses and bandwidth up to 1000 Mbps. We trust in open source software and develop our privacy solutions in-house without third parties. For encryption, we use proven and safe industry standards like OpenVPN (AES 256 bit) and IPsec, which are usable on all standard operating systems. Our team of developers continually researches new technologies to integrate useful features like NeuroRouting and TrackStop into our VPN service that serve the comfort and security. Also, we regularly conduct audits internally and externally to detect possible security gaps and inform other VPN providers about these to make the Internet more secure for everybody. Moreover, we provide you with secure VPN client software customized for Perfect Privacy, available for several operating systems. Our Warrant Canary Statement will always tell you that we are acting independently. Your advantages with Perfect Privacy No logging/log-files For all your devices Cascading of multiple VPN servers Configurable port forwardings No traffic limit Up to 10.000 Mbps bandwidth Easily usable client software Support via email, forum, and TeamViewer Quickly switch between OpenVPN and IPsec/IKEv2 IPv6 Support TrackStop™ Stealth VPN Technology NeuroRouting™ 7 Days Money Back Guarantee See our prices and details » Our VPN client offers unique features No VPN provider offers you more functionality Cascading over up to 4 servers. Free choice of servers. Integrated firewall protection DNS leak protection 8 port forwardings included (e.g., use with torrent) Switch servers as often as you like Check server latencies in real-time To the apps Instructions for other systems, routers, and individual settings are available in our tutorial section . Premium VPN-servers in 22 countries Best price / performance ratio in the high-end VPN market 1 month $12.99 per month €12.99 per month Save 0% Save 0% $12.99
                                            billed for one month €12.99
                                            billed for one month Most popular 1 year $9.99 per month €9.99 per month Save 23% Save 23% $155.88 $119.99
                                                                billed for one year €155.88 €119.99
                                                                billed for one year 2 years $8.95 per month €8.95 per month Save 31% Save 31% $311.76 $214.95
                                                                billed for 2 years €311.76 €214.95
                                                                billed for 2 years Payment Options Perfect Privacy boasts some high-end security features that are hard to find elsewhere. Ghulman (VPNRanks.com) In fact, its security features are on par – or even better than some of the best VPN providers in the industry. Jamie Cambell (gobestvpn.com) The Perfect Privacy team is on the cutting edge of privacy technology. Sven Taylor (restoreprivacy.com) The quality of service is excellent and if you are looking for premium VPN service, then perfect-privacy.com is the best. David Balaban (bestvpnrating.com) The VPN is aptly named because it provides a large number of privacy and security features - including some that are somewhat rare. Ray Walsh (proprivacy.com) Perfect Privacy VPN works everywhere We support all your devices Be Anonymous. Sign Up Here! → Help Manuals FAQ Server status Tests Forum Information News VPN Routers VPN for Business Affiliate Program Perfect Privacy VPN Why Perfect Privacy Contact Imprint Terms of Service Privacy Policy Social Profiles Facebook Twitter Translate Activate Google Translate Deactivate Google Translate This website uses cookies to analyze the traffic and to control our advertising. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies. More information can be found in our privacy policy . OK