Perks at Work Perks & Savings C O A : Community Online Academy Employee Login For Employers For Merchants Get your company started with Perks at Work Welcome to Perks at Work Sign In Email Password Remember me Forgot password/username FIRST TIME HERE? Scan QR code to download our mobile app 4.9 ★★★★★ APP STORE RATING Available on iOS and Android Prior to this we had to go to the website only but now it's been such an easy process with mobile app especially with Apple Pay. LOVE IT! What Do You Get With Perks At Work? 1 EXCLUSIVE SAVINGS Employee Pricing Access to 30,000+ national & local employee discounts. Over 20 different categories ranging from Electronics, Home Appliances, Food & Groceries, Car Buying, Travel, Fitness, and more. LEARN MORE 2 FREE ONLINE CLASSES COA Community Online Academy COA is a FREE resource of live and on-demand classes for both adults and kids from wellness to personal development. Join the community to get healthier, smarter, support each other and help those in need in 2021 and beyond. LEARN MORE 3 PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT HR Technologies In the 21st century, the new competitive advantage is developing your people faster than others. Our technologies help build high-performance individuals, teams & organizations. LEARN MORE 1. Employee Savings Employee Pricing Program EMPLOYEE PRICING The Employee Pricing Program offers exclusive access to best-in-market pricing, plus additional benefits. Our unique relationship with brands allows us to provide such deep discounts to our network. Virtual Currency: WOWPoints WOWPoints are loyalty points that you can earn and redeem when you shop through Perks at Work Earning 10x WOWPoints is like getting 10% back on your purchase. 2. Community Online Academy Live Classes 100+ free virtual courses for kids and adults, focused on learning and fun - taught by the highest quality teachers, instructors, and speakers from our community. Attend courses live on Thursdays or watch them on-demand - the courses are designed to fit into your unique schedule Sessions are FREE for all Perks at Work Members. LEARN MORE On-Demand Classes Over 2,500 video classes on demand on dozens of topics: Kids: Coding Python, Drawing, Karate, Hip Hop Dance & more Wellness: Back Pain, Boxing Fitness, Dance, Cooking, Yoga Nidra, & more Thought Leaders: Negotiation, Leadership, Culture, & more. ACCESS FOR FREE 100 Year Change In the 21st century, the new competitive advantage is developing your people faster than others. 3. HR Technologies Elite performance shouldn't be reserved only for the 1%. At Next Jump, we've spent over two decades coaching leaders at the highest levels. Thanks to AI, we're now able to offer that same support available to all Perks at Work members - for free .  It's part of our mission to democratize elite human performance + personal development. Simply email AiCoach @nextjump.com with what's on your mind or a situation you are facing and receive world-class executive coaching in under 1 minute. Learn more about additional free resources here . LinkedIn YouTube The Best Places to Work Trust Perks at Work +3,000 other organizations Next Jump has been great business partners in this difficult environment ... Perks at Work is doing some amazing work and our associates really appreciate it. - Home Depot Incredibly impressed at how much you've adapted, this is awesome. None of our other providers have adapted like this. - Microsoft UK The platform you have built is the best experience out there. - Google Lifestyle Perks Team There is so much variety. It brings great value to the benefits program, it really fosters community . Regardless of if they take advantage, I just want them to know it's there. - Deutsche Bank BECOME A CLIENT The Company Behind Perks At Work About Next Jump, Inc. is a technology company that started in 1994 as a coupon business and developed into a successful e-commerce business, Perks at Work. But the world started changing, and a bigger issue emerged around company culture.  Therefore, we built a second business to help companies upgrade their culture. It started as a social movement, but the problem grew so big, it became a business.  We are on a mission to change workplace culture by providing free, world-class education to any leader that wants to upgrade their team here on PerksatWork.com. LEARN MORE Deliberately Developmental Organization In 2016, a team of Harvard professors published An Everyone Culture citing Next Jump as 1 of 3 companies globally that represent the future of work - what they call: Deliberately Developmental Organizations (or DDOs for short). Why We Do What We Do Join Next Jump Co-CEO Charlie & Meghan's Leadership Class to Learn More! ACCESS FOR FREE Our Mission Is To Change The World By Changing Workplace Culture At Next Jump, we are always trying to do the little things that allow others to be great. We believe in bettering oneself first so that you can better others in need, and together it makes a better us (world). We are building a community that supports each other, gets healthier + smarter, and helps those in need. I've been taking weekly barre classes every Thursday morning. This holds me accountable and helps to keep me focused on my well being. I have also taken classes to teach me how to better handle the balance of working from home while my kids are learning from home as well. My kids have also taken advantage of the kids club. This has been so helpful to them as they are not able to spend time with friends anymore. - Amenda , Disney, Dec 22, 2020 Why Perks At Work Request a Demo I'm an employer I'm a merchant Product Employee Savings Community Online Academy HR Technologies Resources Get Started as DDO Leadership Academy HBR Podcast Company About Next Jump Our Why Terms of Service Privacy Policy Updated GDPR Information Modern Slavery Act Support