Perlego | An online subscription for all your academic books Skip to main content Perlego Browse Institutions Pricing Login Sign up to read Deutsch English Español Français Italiano globe icon close Deutsch English Español Français Italiano globe icon English close Login Browse by topic Architecture Art Biological Sciences Business Computer Science Design Economics Education History Languages & Linguistics Law Literature Mathematics Media & Performing Arts Medicine Personal Development Philosophy Physical Sciences Politics & International Relations Psychology Social Sciences Study Aids Technology & Engineering Theology & Religion Or browse by Subtopics Publishers Index Browse study resources Knowledge Base Study Guides Essay Writing Guides The digital library that powers your learning. Your browser does not support the video tag. We exist to make knowledge more accessible. Working with educators and publishers to create a digital library of more than a million books, available anywhere in the world. Designing study tools to help you learn more effectively. Giving you everything you need to spark the biggest thoughts, 
dig into the tiniest detail, or just get that assignment done. OUR LIBRARY One million textbooks. One membership. Architecture View all in Architecture TRUSTED BY 5,000+ ACADEMIC PUBLISHERS Join now Get access to over a million books, right now. See pricing More Than the Book Tools to learn more effectively. Your browser does not support the video tag. Our App Take every book with you. Start at your desk.
Continue on-the-go. Forget your heavy book bag. Start your study session with Perlego on desktop, then use our app to continue reading on your phone, or tablet whenever you get a moment. Your browser does not support the video tag. Smart Search Supercharge your learning. Discover key academic sources for your research. Smart Search is a helpful research assistant, designed to streamline your exploration of academic topics. Simply pose a question, and Smart Search will delve into our extensive library of textbooks, pinpointing the most relevant works and specific passages that directly address your research query. Try Smart Search Your browser does not support the video tag. Our study guides Get researching with Study Guides. Whatever the subject,
start here. Perlego study guides are created by Masters and PhD experts. Each one is designed to help you get to grips with key academic concepts and subjects — clear, simple, and effortless to understand, so you can get your research started. Your browser does not support the video tag. Study guides Most popular Foucault's Power/Knowledge Intersectional Feminism Globalization Marxism The Anthropocene Economics Microeconomics vs Macroeconomics Game Theory Malthusian Theory AD-AS Model Circular Economy Feminist Theory Waves of Feminism Marxist Feminism Ecofeminism Black Feminism Radical Feminism Philosophy Ontology Phenomenology Existentialism Materialism Absurdism Critical Theory Judith Butler & Gender Performativity Time-Space Compression Posthumanism The Culture Industry Commodity Fetishism Ethics Kantian Ethics AI Ethics Utilitarianism Consequentialism Virtue Ethics Media & Art Avant Garde The Gothic Afrofuturism The Male Gaze Surrealism Key Concepts Postcolonialism Neocolonialism Modernity Postmodernism Debord's The Spectacle Politics & History Capitalism Fascism Socialism Communism Sectarianism Ancient Philosophy Plato's Allegory of the Cave Aristotle's Four Causes Stoicism Epistemology Plato's Theory of Forms Sociology Fordism Gentrification Transnationalism Critical Race Theory World Systems Theory Literary Theory Utopia vs. Dystopia Carnivalesque Narratology Speculative Fiction Magical Realism See all study guides Read twice as much with Perlego. Join now and find your books instantly. Start reading Our community Loved by students like you. Your browser does not support the video tag. “The range of books on my subject was excellent and also the fact that the latest edition was available was invaluable.” Sarienne Kersh Student, South Africa “On my law course, I spent over £200 on textbooks in the first year…With Perlego I can read as many books as I want and it has proven invaluable during lockdown as I begin my dissertation research. This app has saved my academic career, no joke.” Janet Ho Student at Hult University “I love Perlego! ... I’m a full time worker and a mum who does her degree course online - it’s so handy for me to have access to books on and offline at my fingertips. It saves me so much time.” Laura Student, UK Your browser does not support the video tag. “Keep up the great work, you are providing a service that helps less well-off students stay on equal footing in their studies.” Laura Student Your browser does not support the video tag. “...when you are on the go, - you can continue to read your books and use them for reference. The ability to cite directly into an essay from Perlego is so helpful. I cannot recommend it enough.” Ian Student, UK “@perlegobooks thank you, thank you, thank you ❤️ I have just discovered your treasure trove and with no current university affiliation due to caring for my son, I was craving access to academic text. You have opened doors for me today!” Beth Thomas Independent Learner See more quotes FEATURED IN Our partners Help your students succeed. Institutions Educators Join 200+ institutions using Perlego to enhance their institutions learning experience with an online learning library of 1m+ books from leading higher education publishers. Explore our offerings Provide students with affordable, high-quality course materials from 20+ disciplines and topics, all in one place. Explore our offerings PARTNERING WITH Our People Want to make learning accessible to all? Join us. We’re on a journey to make knowledge more accessible and learning more effective, by breaking down as many barriers to education as we can. Find out more about life at Perlego and apply for roles here. Inside Perlego Get reading. Join the worldwide community of students who use Perlego. Start reading PERLEGO Pricing FAQs Contact Us Perlego for Instructors Perlego for Institutions Perlego for Publishers Barclays Customers Careers Press BROWSE Topics Publishers Index Knowledge Base Study Guides Harvard Referencing Guides APA Referencing Guides Essay Writing Guides Research Assistant LEARN Architecture Art Biological Sciences Business Computer Science Design Economics Education History Languages & Linguistics Law Literature Mathematics Media & Performing Arts Medicine Personal Development Philosophy Physical Sciences Politics & International Relations Psychology Social Sciences Study Aids Technology & Engineering Theology & Religion Made with ☂︎ in London - © 2025 Perlego Ltd - Perlego HQ, 26 Hatton Garden, London, EC1N 8BR, United Kingdom - VAT 246681777 Privacy Terms Content Policy , (opens in new tab) Books Subtopics Publishers Index Mission Cookies Smart Search Accessibility , (opens in new tab) Help Centre , (opens in new tab) Knowledge Base , (opens in new tab) This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Tiktok X Deutsch English Español Français Italiano globe icon English close