Perl Hacks - Just another Perl Hacker's blog Skip to content Perl Hacks Just another Perl Hacker's blog Primary Menu Articles CGI Programming CGI Programming Part 1 CGI Programming Part 2 CGI Programming Part 3 Modern Perl Programming Database Access with DBIx::Class A Simple Web App Adding to Our Web App perl.com Changing Hash Behaviour With Tie Creating Data Output Files with the Template Toolkit Finding CGI Scripts How We Wrote The Template Toolkit Book Using Template Toolkit Overloading Perl Objects Perl Command Line Options Perl’s Special Variables RTFM An Introduction to the Perl Documentation Modules, References, Data Structures and Objects Writing Plain Old Documentation Non-Free Perl Documentation Perl Newsgroups Perl Websites Perl Mailing Lists Perl Documentation Overview Template Toolkit Introducing the Template Toolkit – Part 1 Introducing the Template Toolkit – Part 2 Introducing the Template Toolkit – Part 3 Symbol::Approx::Sub Calendar Perl Club Perl Taster Perl Vogue Talks Other Perl Hacks Sites Dave’s CPAN modules Perl Steering Committee Meetings Pixie the Elf Perl Search Engine Code About Contact Cookie Policy (UK) Behind the scenes at Perl School Publishing Posted on 14 December, 2025 21 December, 2025 by Dave Cross We’ve just published a new Perl School book: Design Patterns in Modern Perl by Mohammad Sajid Anwar. It’s been a while since we last released a new title, and in the meantime, the world of eBooks has moved on – Amazon don’t use .mobi any more, tools have changed, and my old “it mostly works […] Share this: Tweet Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit More Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Share on Tumblr Pocket Posted in Books Tagged epub , linter , pandoc , perlschool , wkhtmltopdf 2 Comments Dotcom Survivor Syndrome – How Perl’s Early Success Created the Seeds of Its Downfall Posted on 30 November, 2025 30 November, 2025 by Dave Cross If you were building web applications during the first dot-com boom, chances are you wrote Perl. And if you’re now a CTO, tech lead, or senior architect, you may instinctively steer teams away from it—even if you can’t quite explain why. This reflexive aversion isn’t just a preference. It’s what I call Dotcom Survivor Syndrome: […] Share this: Tweet Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit More Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Share on Tumblr Pocket Posted in Perl Tagged developer bias , dotcom , survivor syndrome , web development 4 Comments Elderly Camels in the Cloud Posted on 23 November, 2025 by Dave Cross In last week’s post I showed how to run a modern Dancer2 app on Google Cloud Run. That’s lovely if your codebase already speaks PSGI and lives in a nice, testable, framework-shaped box. But that’s not where a lot of Perl lives. Plenty of useful Perl on the internet is still stuck in old-school CGI […] Share this: Tweet Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit More Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Share on Tumblr Pocket Posted in Web Tagged cloud , deployment , docker , web Leave a comment Dancing in the Clouds: Moving Dancer2 Apps from a VPS to Cloud Run Posted on 13 November, 2025 by Dave Cross For years, most of my Perl web apps lived happily enough on a VPS. I had full control of the box, I could install whatever I liked, and I knew where everything lived. In fact, over the last eighteen months or so, I wrote a series of blog posts explaining how I developed a system […] Share this: Tweet Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit More Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Share on Tumblr Pocket Posted in Web Tagged cloud , deployment , docker , web 1 Comment Easy SEO for lazy programmers Posted on 24 September, 2025 24 September, 2025 by Dave Cross A few of my recent projects—like Cooking Vinyl Compilations and ReadABooker—aim to earn a little money via affiliate links. That only works if people actually find the pages, share them, and get decent previews in social apps. In other words: the boring, fragile glue of SEO and social meta tags matters. As I lined up […] Share this: Tweet Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit More Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Share on Tumblr Pocket Posted in Web Tagged opengraph , perl , seo , websites Leave a comment Posts navigation Older posts Search for: Dave's Ads Newsletter Sign up here for occasional email about stuff I'm doing, information about upcoming talks and training courses and other updates. (I promise not to spam you.) Top Posts & Pages Turning AI into a Developer Superpower: The PERL5LIB Auto-Setter Elderly Camels in the Cloud Dotcom Survivor Syndrome – How Perl’s Early Success Created the Seeds of Its Downfall Behind the scenes at Perl School Publishing Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: sosimple by Fernando Villamor Jr. . Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent