Perma.cc Skip to main content Skip to footer Toggle navigation Perma.cc Home Main Menu About Perma.cc Guide Blog Sign up Log in Main Content Websites change. Perma Links don’t. Perma.cc helps scholars, journals, courts, and others create permanent records of the web sources they cite. Perma.cc is simple, easy to use, and is built and supported by libraries. Sign up and use Perma.cc How can my library get involved? Perma.cc is a simple way to preserve your links. Step 1 Find any URL . Step 2 Add it to Perma.cc . Step 3 Create a Perma Link . Step 4 Cite safely . One good reason to use Perma.cc? How about 404? Websites change, go away, and get taken down. When linked citations lead to broken, blank, altered, or even malicious pages, that’s called link rot. Link rot affects everyone who cites links Over 50% of cited links in Supreme Court opinions no longer point to the intended page. Roughly 70% of cited links in academic legal journals and 20% of all science, technology and medicine articles suffer from link rot. Articles and studies Perma: Scoping and Addressing the Problem of Link and Reference Rot in Legal Citations (Perma.cc archive) The Harvard Law Review , 2014 The Cobweb (Perma.cc archive) The New Yorker , 2015 Scholarly Context Not Found: One in Five Articles Suffers from Reference Rot (Perma.cc archive) PLOS One , 2014 Link rot destroys the integrity of your citations Links start healthy. New citations have been vetted and verified. After one year. After a year, over 20% of cited links may be dead or otherwise inaccessible. After five years. After five years, the situation is much worse — over 50% of cited links can be affected. As time goes on. Link rot is inevitable and rarely reversible. The longer the wait, the more likely a link will have rotted. Sign up and start preventing link rot Data taken from “Perma: Scoping and Addressing the Problem of Link and Reference Rot in Legal Citations,” Jonathan Zittrain, Kendra Albert & Lawrence Lessig. Harvard Law Review. March 17, 2014. Meet the Perma Link. A Perma Link is a reliable, unbreakable link to an unalterable record of any page you’ve cited. It’s a time capsule for a web page, which your readers can easily access. We’re committed to preservation Websites change, go away, and get taken down. When they do, linked citations can lead to broken, blank, unintentional, or even malicious pages. This decay is called “link rot.” Perma.cc helps scholars, journals and courts prevent link rot by creating permanent, reliable, unalterable links to the online sources cited in their work. All about Perma Links Frequently asked questions Once you capture a Perma Link, neither its content nor its address will change, no matter what happens to the original link. Who runs Perma.cc? How long do Perma links last? Can I delete a Perma link? Is Perma.cc open source? What’s your privacy policy? More questions? Get more answers. It’s easy to make and use a Perma Link. Copy. Paste. Perma. Step 1 Find the page you want to preserve. Copy its URL and open Perma.cc. Step 2 Add your URL to Perma.cc. Select Create Perma Link and Perma.cc does the rest. Step 3 Get your Perma Link. Perma.cc builds your new record in a matter of moments. When it’s finished, you have a chance to delete or annotate it. Step 4 Use the Perma Link in your citations. Use your Perma Link as you would the original cited URL. Your citation is safe from link rot — it will never change or break. Built to last. Libraries are in the forever business. We’re committed to preserving your digital records to the same standards that we preserve physical records. That’s why over 150 journals, courts, and universities trust us with their citations. Articles and awards Webby award winner: Best Law Website (Perma.cc archive) 2015 Cooking up a solution to link rot (Perma.cc archive) Law Library of Congress Blog , 2015 The Problem with URLs in Legal Marketing (Perma.cc archive) BloombergBNA Big Law Business , 2015 Can the Internet Be Archived? (Perma.cc archive) The New Yorker , 2015 Sign up It only takes a minute to sign up with Perma.cc. Select your organization type and get started. Libraries . Libraries play a critical role in powering and supporting Perma.cc. Perma.cc for libraries Courts . Courts demand long-term reliability from the links in their decisions. Perma.cc for courts Other organizations . There are wide-ranging applications for Perma.cc tools. Perma.cc for other orgs Individuals . Anyone can register a free account and start creating Perma Links. Perma.cc for individuals Interested in developing with the Perma.cc API? Check out Perma.cc for developers. Perma.cc’s Supporting Partners Footer About Guide Developers Contact Blog Twitter GitHub Status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Return Policy Copyright Policy Accessibility