Skip to content
Halo is Permutive’s agentic suite that infinitely scales direct buying - LEARN MORE
Partners Careers Privacy notice
Who we help
Our platform
Success stories
Resource hub
Request a demo
Search
Search
Close
Predictive performance
for the Open Internet

Expand your data collaboration and achieve incremental outcomes.

Request a demo
Take a closer look
Powering collaboration for the world’s leading brands and media owners.
Data collaboration without compromise

Permutive is the only platform that unifies clean room, curation, and first-party data activation in one privacy-first solution - built for publishers, advertisers, agencies, and retail media leaders.

Our platform matches and models first-party data with publisher signals, enabling advertisers and publishers to collaborate efficiently across multiple channels while maintaining data security.

Request a demo
The predictive Data Collaboration Platform
Data Management Platform	

Permutive's reimagined DMP optimizes publishers' signals to drive advertiser outcomes. We are utilizing AI for increased workflow efficiency, insights-driven decision making and proactive opportunity recommendations.

Explore how it works

Data Clean Room	
Curation	
The Permutive advantage.
100% addressability

Treble your reach and unlock the true potential of the open web.

AI for outcomes

Deliver quality brief responses and find new opportunities to optimize campaign performance with intuitive, AI-powered workflows

Unified audience targeting

Combine cohort, identity, and contextual data signals for precision targeting at scale.

Seamless activation

Launch and scale audiences across multiple partners, including 150+ premium publishers, via a single workflow in minutes. No engineering resources required.

Zero data movement

Collaborate within your own cloud environment, with no data transfers required - ensuring privacy-first activation and eliminating complex setups.

Built-in privacy and security

Deploy in, leveraging the hardened, secure environment your InfoSec and compliance teams have already approved.

Scale beyond identity, driving incremental
outcomes. This is advertising reimagined.
Permutive advertisers achieve:
55%

reduction in cost per acquisition

79%

improvement in targetability

121%

Incremental uplift in media driven sales

Permutive publishers achieve:
152%

increase in advertiser client count

75%

increase in revenue

31%

Year over year increase in the average CPM

These companies reimagined
 their advertising — you can too

“We have seen a 75% increase in revenue, a 152% increase in advertiser (client) count, and a 31% year-over-year increase in the average CPM across the network since we switched to working with Permutive.”

Nat Francis

Digital Revenue Operations Director

“Cookieless prospecting significantly outperforms BAU, targetability outperformed benchmark targets, hitting 84% for the campaign overall and outperforming the baseline audit scores by 179% overall. By increasing access to all audiences, Sky saw a 55% reduction in CPA and a 121% increase in sales attributed to media.”

Kumar Amrendra

Head of Digital Marketing, Planning, and Data Science

Explore more success stories
Speak to an expert to learn more about Permutive’s trusted data collaboration platform
Request your demo now

*Required fields  

The information you provide to us is used to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy.

Book a demo
Who we help

Our customers

Media companies

News

Vertical publishers

Retail & commerce

Advertisers

Agencies

Platform

Halo agents

Data Management Platform

DMP migration & upgrade

Data Clean Room

Curated Audiences

Resources

Success stories

Blog

Videos

Guides & whitepapers

Upcoming events & webinars

Past events & webinars

Podcasts

Press

Company

About us

Privacy notice

Security - trust centre

Support

Your California privacy rights

Website terms of service

Sign up to our newsletter

Sign up
Get in touch

hello@permutive.com
NYC +1 646-712-9383
LDN +44 020 39368623

Partners
Careers
GitHub
LinkedIn

© Permutive 2025 | Website terms of service

×
Who we help
Our platform
Success stories
Resource hub
We care about your privacy
We store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or customize your choices. We process data to provide a personalised content profile, select personalised content, measure content performance, and develop and improve website performance and design. Advertising can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services. Privacy notice
Accept All
Reject All
Customize