Person Centred Software - Care Management Software Book a Demo +44 1483 357657 Customer Login English English - Australia icon-search Created with Sketch. Home Products Search by Product Digital Care Planning System ATLAS eMAR Maintenance Management Tool ATLAS Pharmacy Wellbeing & Activities Platform Resident Experience Tool Digital Reception Care Home Digital Signage Mandatory and Compliance Training Wellbeing & Activities Training Staff Dependency Tool Nursecall Messaging Service Joined Up Care Data Migration Search by Sector Residential care Nursing homes Retirement living Learning disabilities Mental health support Customers Customers Customer Videos Customer Success Stories Inspection Reports Case Studies Care Ecosystem Resources Resources Blog News Events Tools & Guides Webinars Videos Join Our Community About Contact Us Amicura implements care planning software across its group of homes Read more Digital Monitoring is Integral for Living Horizon Read more Join Our Community Receive industry news, useful content, product updates & much more! Stay Connected Solutions to improve the lives of people living and working in social care Our Connected Care Platform offers solutions that drive outstanding care and support the care sector throughout their entire digital transformation journey Book a consultation Explore all products i Our Connected Care Platform offers integrated solutions that cover the entire digital transformation journey. Rest assured, we've got you covered! Care Management Find out more Medication Management Find out more Resident Experience Find out more Learning & Development Find out more Care Operations Find out more Solutions for every service type Over 6,000 care providers use Person Centred Software's Connected Care ecosystem to manage all aspects of care: Solutions for every service type Over 8,000 care providers use Person Centred Software's Connected Care ecosystem to manage all aspects of care: Residential Care Nursing Homes Learning Disabilities Supported & Retirement Living Mental Health Support Discover our person-centred care software mCare - Digital Care Planning System Our Digital Care Planning System (Digital Social Care Record System) is the UK's most widely used care management system. The software is used by over 8,000 care providers each day to evidence all aspects of care. Find out more ATLAS eMAR Simplify your medicine management process  and deliver the right medication at the right time with ATLAS eMAR, the only electronic medicines management system in the UK proven to increase resident safety and improve care home efficiency. Find out more Wellness Platform for Residents and Staff Explore our extensive range of specialist activity programmes available 24-7, tailored to meet the interests and needs of those in care. Find out more A suite of integrated solutions covering the full journey of digital transformation within social care. Within our Connected Care Platform , care providers can use one solution on its own or multiple that connect, all through a single device. Each area focuses on a particular part of care and, when used together, provides a complete solution to improve resident outcomes, the lives of care workers, the delivery of person-centred care and the overall efficiency, effectiveness, and compliance of a care setting. Find out more Joined Up Care Helping to connect health and social care services. With Person Centred Software's joined up care features, care providers can easily share data and information, improve communication between health and care teams and deliver better outcomes to those using health and social care services. Find out more Over 10 M quality care notes evidenced every day Over 36 K care hours given back each month Over 160 K residents benefiting from Person Centred Software daily Over 80 K staff on duty per day Improving dementia care How our Connected Care Platform is improving the experience of care for people living with dementia. Learn More Trusted by thousands of care providers who have implemented our care software Fewcott House celebrates a decade of partnership with PCS, highlighting its strong, lasting relationship and consistent 'outstanding' rating Fewcott House's digital transformation journey, supported by Person Centred Software. Read more How Minchenden Lodge has successfully maintained its 'outstanding' rating for 6 years Head of Care and Nursing discusses its long-term partnership with Person Centred Software and the digital solutions they use to maintain high-quality care. Read more Why LifeCare made the decision to switch to Person Centred Software LifeCare knew that to continue their upwards trajectory and achieve their growth goals, they needed Person Centred Software. Read more to find out why. Read more B&M Care Homes share its experience on how mCare helps care staff deliver better dementia care mCare has played a crucial role in streamlining care services and helping care teams deliver better care, including dementia care. Read more Delivering an exceptional experience to those receiving care Person Centred Software's electronic care planning system helps Ashfields Care Home receive outstanding with CQC. Read more Transforming care for people with learning disabilities Discover how Person Centred Software's Digital Social Care Record System  is transforming care for people with learning disabilities and difficulties. Read more Experience our person-centred care software for yourself! Book a demo I believe that Person Centred Software offers the best care plan software in the UK; the system is ahead of the market in comparison to other care management systems, and the depth and quality of the data on the digital care planning system are excellent. The system enables our care teams to deliver high-quality, safe and person-centred care. It's a complete game-changer. Our organisation has used Person Centred Software's care home management software for about 7 years. The system has easy-to-use icons for documentation for the clinical staff and useful audit functions for the managers. The support we've received from Person Centred Software is also excellent, and they appreciate ideas from the clinical team. I have not encountered anything better than Person Centred Software's Digital Care System; it's the best system I've ever used and worth looking at; I highly recommend it. Person Centred Software's Digital Care Planning Software is amazing, and it's the best Care Planning Software I've ever used. I can click into the system to see what's happening across the home; it's easy to use and helps us to keep track of everything. In addition, the system has given us more time with residents and helped us with our CQC inspections and compliance. Tara Cross Registered Manager at Mulberry House Clare Picton Nurse Consultant at St Mary’s Convent and Nursing Home Kat Langdon Home Manager at Exmouth House (rated 'Outstanding' by CQC) Read it here first! Receive industry news, useful content, product updates, and more! View all care news and resources News 4 December 2025 PCS announce new investment and strategic partnership Blog 17 September 2025 Depensys isn’t just a ‘nice-to-have' - it will transform your staffing and dependency Blog 4 September 2025 World Alzheimer’s Month – how much do you really know about dementia? Blog 22 August 2025 What are some of the best summer activities to keep your residents’ families involved in life at the care home? Blog 14 August 2025 Care home maintenance made simple: Our software's latest improvements Blog 14 August 2025 30 small ideas to improve wellbeing in care homes Your questions answered! How do I go digital with my care plans? How do I go digital with my care plans? Going digital with your care plans does not have to be daunting! The person Centred Software Digital Care Planning system is designed for ease of use! We currently implement our Digital Care Planning System in over 70 care homes monthly. Since 2015 we have implemented our system in over 3590 care homes. To achieve this, we follow a tried and tested implementation methodology that enables care homes to go live with the system after an hour’s initial training on our care app. This is followed up by shorter training sessions for senior staff around the digital care planning process. To find out more and speak to one of our specialists, please click the button below and fill out our short form. Find out more You can also visit our Digital Care Planning page to find out more about our features and benefits. Which social care settings does Person Centred Software’s Digital Care Planning system help? Which social care settings does Person Centred Software’s Digital Care Planning system help ? Person Centred Software provide a variety of products including Digital Care Planning to many sectors. Residential Care Domiciliary Care Learning Disabilities Nursing homes Retirement living Mental health support How can an eMAR system help improve CQC ratings? How can an eMAR system help improve CQC ratings? Having an eMAR system in place will always help your organisation be ready for a CQC inspection at any time. Person Centred Software’s eMAR system supports CQC audits and guidelines by allowing care staff to: Provide evidence when it comes to CQC inspections. Provide CQC inspectors with detailed information which is easy to interpret and follow. Give CQC a good understanding of the level of care residents are receiving It has been shown that eMAR systems significantly improve CQC ratings because it gives care providers and CQC all the information they need, making it easy to keep an audit trail. With Person Centred Software’s eMAR, you can demonstrate to the CQC that your organisation is safe, responsive and well-led in your medication administration. View All How do I go digital with my care plans? Going digital with your care plans does not have to be daunting! The person Centred Software Digital Care Planning system is designed for ease of use! We currently implement our Digital Care Planning System in over 70 care homes monthly. Since 2015 we have implemented our system in over 3590 care homes. To achieve this, we follow a tried and tested implementation methodology that enables care homes to go live with the system after an hour’s initial training on our care app. This is followed up by shorter training sessions for senior staff around the digital care planning process. To find out more and speak to one of our specialists, please click the button below and fill out our short form. Find out more You can also visit our Digital Care Planning page to find out more about our features and benefits. Which social care settings does Person Centred Software’s Digital Care Planning system help ? Person Centred Software provide a variety of products including Digital Care Planning to many sectors. Residential Care Domiciliary Care Learning Disabilities Nursing homes Retirement living Mental health support How can an eMAR system help improve CQC ratings? Having an eMAR system in place will always help your organisation be ready for a CQC inspection at any time. Person Centred Software’s eMAR system supports CQC audits and guidelines by allowing care staff to: Provide evidence when it comes to CQC inspections. Provide CQC inspectors with detailed information which is easy to interpret and follow. Give CQC a good understanding of the level of care residents are receiving It has been shown that eMAR systems significantly improve CQC ratings because it gives care providers and CQC all the information they need, making it easy to keep an audit trail. With Person Centred Software’s eMAR, you can demonstrate to the CQC that your organisation is safe, responsive and well-led in your medication administration. Book a demo with us today Join over 8,000 care providers using our Connected Care Platform to improve the delivery of care Book a Demo × Get in touch today! × Stay Connected Awards and recognition Guide to going digital Guide to digital social care records Guide to integrated care systems Migrate your data How to switch digital care record systems Evidencing care with mCare for UK regulators Book a demo Who we help Residential care Nursing homes Retirement living Learning disabilities Mental health support PCS Connected Care Digital Care Planning System ATLAS eMAR Wellbeing & Activities Platform Wellbeing & Activities Training Staff Dependency Tool Resident Experience Tool Care Home Digital Signage Digital Reception Maintenance Management tool Nursecall Messaging Service Joined Up Care About PCS About Resources Our Community Careers Awards and recognition FAQ Contact Customer Login Get in touch Third Floor, Saxon House, 3 Onslow Street, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 4SY 01483 357657 hello@personcentredsoftware.com Join our community Receive news, updates and more Stay connected © 2026 Person Centred Software. All Rights Reserved. Legal | Privacy Policy & Cookies Policy