Personify Health | Personalized Health Platform Personify HealthHomepage Search for: Search for: Contact us Member support Provider Portal Open language switcher English (North America) English (Global) German French Log in Personify Health Member Member Registration Provider Portal Book a Demo Homepage Who we serve Who we serve We work with a broad array of companies and providers to deliver solutions that truly fit your needs. Employers Health plans Health systems Brokers and consultants Employers Invest in your people and they’ll invest in you Health plans Give members a more personal health experience Health systems A healthier health system, inside and out Brokers and consultants A partner for trusted solutions that deliver real results What we do Solutions overview We believe that personalized, simplified, and connected solutions empower people to be their healthiest. Solutions Health Engagement & Wellbeing Third party administrator Healthcare navigation & advocacy Care & condition management Payment integrity Health Engagement & Wellbeing Give people a more engaging, holistic wellbeing experience. Third-party administrator Support unique benefits and improve member service, while reducing costs with a health plan administration solution. Healthcare navigation & advocacy Navigate healthcare with ease, advocacy , and cost transparency. Care & condition management Early intervention and personalized support make managing conditions easier. Payment integrity Contain costs & avoid waste, fraud, and overpayment. Partners Partners overview We work with best-in-class ecosystem, network, and technology partners to deliver more holistic health experiences. Partners overview Partner marketplace Network partners Technology partners Partner marketplace Choose from a broad range of solutions from category leaders in mental health, family planning, financial wellness, nutrition, and more. Network partners Personal ize your health plan, contain costs, and access top-quality care with our network partners. Technology partners From web services to AI integrators, we work with leaders in their fields to deliver nimble and innovative solutions. Differentiators Differentiators Find out what sets Personify Health above the rest PercyIQ Personify Clinical Board Success Stories Insights Lab PercyIQ Powerful blend of human expertise and next generation AI transforms the member experience and how people get healthier Personify Clinical Board Our internationally renowned Clinical Board fuels our commitment to excellence, shaping our technology and user experiences with the latest scientific evidence and best practices. Success Stories Get up to date on all of the latest in personalized healthcare through our success stories Insights Lab Turn complex health data into meaningful strategies that drive better outcomes About us Company overview We’re the first personalized health platform company—ready to empower and engage people to lead healthier lives. Learn more Leadership Newsroom Careers Resources (blogs, webinars & more) Events Our leadership team With a wealth of experience and unwavering dedication, they have implemented innovative strategies and technologies that are driving a movement towards a healthier future for all. Newsroom We are your trusted source of insightful articles, expert interviews, and cutting-edge research that will keep you informed and inspired. Careers Personify Health enables people to live happier, healthier lives by engaging them in their health and wellbeing through simplified, personalized, and connected health solutions. Resources (blogs, webinars, & more) Get the latest insights on our personalized health platform, wellbeing, health plan administration, condition management and more. Events Interested in learning more about Personify Health? Find out what events we will be attending this year and be sure to stop by to grab some swag and say hi in person. Book a Demo Who we serve What we do Partners Differentiators About us Book a Demo Contact us Member support Provider Portal Language Log in Main menu Who we serve Employers Health plans Health systems Brokers and consultants Solutions overview Health Engagement & Wellbeing Third party administrator Healthcare navigation & advocacy Care & condition management Payment integrity Partners overview Partner marketplace Network partners Technology partners Differentiators PercyIQ Personify Clinical Board Success Stories Insights Lab Company overview Leadership Newsroom Careers Resources (blogs, webinars & more) Events Differentiators PercyIQ Personify Clinical Board English (North America) English (Global) German French Personify Health Member Member Registration Provider Portal Healthier lives, healthier businesses We’re Personify Health. We’re the first and only personalized health platform company to bring health, wellbeing, and navigation solutions together. Helping businesses like yours optimize investments in their members while empowering people to meaningfully engage with their health. Book a demo Finds in-network provider Tracks Rx usage daily Who we are Changing how healthy happens Personify’s comprehensive platform equips all kinds of businesses (and people) with personalized, connected, and powerfully simple health solutions. Learn more We connect the disconnected Our seamlessly integrated solutions mean a more delightfully simple experience for you and your people. We give you everything from health care administration to care navigation to healthy living—all in one place. We reject one-size-fits-all We get to know your unique needs and goals so we can tailor solutions, services, and experiences that meet them. We design to engage We use science-backed methods to create engaging experiences that actually motivate people to manage and sustain their health. We provide more ways to save We empower our clients and their people to reduce or reverse high-costs while achieving better financial and health outcomes. What we do A new level of personalized health Can you imagine a painless health management experience? We can. So, we’ve designed it. We offer solutions for everything you need to support your people’s health—personalized health plan administration, holistic wellbeing, and comprehensive navigation solutions. We help you boost health and engagement while reducing stress and costs, building a new health reality for your people and your business. Explore our solutions Who we serve We’re here—for all of you Whether you’re an employer, a health plan or system, or a broker or consultant working with a client, you deserve solutions that truly fit your needs—and the needs of the people you serve. With Personify Health, we’ll take you from “this will do” to “this is it.” Employers We help you give your employees more (with less effort). This means you can make cost-effective decisions based on real analytics and deliver on your health and wellbeing strategies. Learn more Health plans Our personalized solutions delight members and drive bottom-line impact through increased performance (including conversion, engagement, compliance, satisfaction metrics, and more). Learn more Health systems We help you beat provider burnout, empower your people and engage your patient community. Unlock a new level of personalized support with our health system solutions that make each of your audiences feel empowered and inspired to thrive. All while planning your next big growth move. Learn more Brokers & consultants Our platform offers everything from highly engaging programs to concierge service and personalized advice. With Personify Health, you’ll ensure your clients get all that they need (and nothing they don’t). Learn more Thrive Summit 2026 MARCH 16 -19 2026 Featured Event PHOENIX, AZ | MARCH 16
                        -19 Thrive Summit 2026 Learn more We’re in the business of healthy businesses 0 M lives covered Experience with millions of members informs our dedicated service, benefits design, and customized programs. 0 % client retention Our clients value our personalized solutions and service and our data-driven results. 0 ,500+ clients With years of experience, AI-powered analytics, and clinical expertise, we empower and engage people across the world. Our impact Health is different now Can one personalized health platform change workplace culture? We think so. Here’s how. Success story Large healthcare organization’s program leads to cost savings, tenure, and satisfaction Success story How Dow leverages Personify Health best practices to engage their global workforce​ Success story DTE Energy: Creating a Culture of Health and Wellbeing We’re helping these businesses stay healthy Blog This just in: Healthy is happening Blog Personify Health’s Summer Survey Round-up: What you really need for 2026 planning Blog The Silent Workforce: How caregivers and employees with chronic conditions drive healthcare costs Learn more Blog What does Walmart shopping have to do with financial wellbeing trends? Learn more Blog Microdosing Wellbeing: When a small amount is more harmful than helpful Learn more Let’s talk Contact us Who we serve Employers Health plans Health systems Brokers & consultants What we do Wellbeing Third-party administrator Navigation & advocacy Care & condition management Cost containment About us Company overview Outside of North America Partner ecosystem Careers Connect with us Member support HCOnline HCHealthBenefits MyCare HC Provider Events Contact us Linkedin Facebook Instagram General privacy notice Terms of use Security and compliance center Cookies preferences Protection Against Surprise Billing Machine-readable files Additional legal documents © Personify Health, 2026. All rights reserved.