PerthNow | Breaking News from Perth and Western Australia The West Australian Perth Now Get the FREE App ‌ Perth Perth Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Celebrity Gossip Celebrity Gossip Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Australia Australia Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Best Eats Best Eats Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Eagles Eagles Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Dockers Dockers Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Crime Crime Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Weather Weather Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Traffic Traffic Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Lotto Lotto Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week ShopNow ShopNow Topics Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week WA WA Topics All WA News Perth What’s On Social Traffic Weather Mandurah Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Entertainment Entertainment Topics All Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Royals Influencers Movies TV Music Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week News News Topics All News Australia Crime World Business Opinion Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Food Food Topics All Food Best Eats Tinnie of the Week Drink Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Lifestyle Lifestyle Topics All Lifestyle Cash Confessions Lotto Love & Relationships Real Estate Personal Finance Home & Garden Family Life Travel Beauty & Style Health & Fitness Horoscopes Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Sport Sport Topics All Sport AFL Cricket Soccer Basketball Tennis NRL Rugby Motorsport Racing MMA Golf Netball Cycling Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week ShopNow ShopNow Topics All ShopNow Fashion Beauty Home & Garden Electronics Travel Lifestyle Latest stories Stay in the loop with all things Perth Subscribe now for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Sign Up See all newsletters Have you got a story to share? Submit a story Read your local paper New PerthNow edition out every week Get the FREE App ‌ WA All WA News Perth What’s On Social Traffic Weather Mandurah Entertainment All Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Royals Influencers Movies TV Music News All News Australia Crime World Business Opinion Food All Food Best Eats Tinnie of the Week Drink Lifestyle All Lifestyle Cash Confessions Lotto Love & Relationships Real Estate Personal Finance Home & Garden Family Life Travel Beauty & Style Health & Fitness Horoscopes Sport All Sport AFL Cricket Soccer Basketball Tennis NRL Rugby Motorsport Racing MMA Golf Netball Cycling ShopNow All ShopNow Fashion Beauty Home & Garden Electronics Travel Lifestyle About PerthNow Contact Us Printed paper locations Digital editions DAMIEN MARTYN Cricket Aussie cricket great rushed to hospital: ‘In a fight for his life’ ‘Let’s hope he can pull through because it’s really serious.’ Ben Sutton Right Tinnie of the week Something big is brewing as beer and coffee combine Dave Friedlos News Elizabeth Quay fireworks set to dazzle to bring in 2026 PerthNow Music The bopping tunes that dominated charts in 2025 revealed Zach Margolius Weather Hot day, cool night makes Perth NYE perfect Rachel Fenner Public Health Health alert as highly-infectious disease hits Perth’s south Tahnee Graham Politics Albo’s new year’s message reflects grief of Bondi attack Katina Curtis WA News Crown Perth embraces 80s spirit during 40th anniversary Rachel Fenner WA News Food Shock item on supermarket shelves before Christmas cleared Christmas isn’t packed up and we haven’t seen in the new year, but already hot cross buns are hitting the supermarket shelves. Kirsty Lichtenstein Celebrity Gossip Jules Neale spotted in tears during family home move Friends were seen helping load a trailer at the inner east Brisbane home on Tuesday morning amid marriage woes between Lachie and Jules Neale. Troy de Ruyter Disaster Disaster and Emergency Rural Aid on standby as ‘destructive’ cyclone nears region Rural Aid is urging Kimberley pastoralists to register for support, as Cyclone Hayley bears down on the region, with destructive winds and heavy rainfall forecast to hit later today. Kirsty Lichtenstein Right Tinnie of the week Something big is brewing as beer and coffee combine Dave Friedlos News Elizabeth Quay fireworks set to dazzle to bring in 2026 PerthNow Music The bopping tunes that dominated charts in 2025 revealed Zach Margolius Weather Hot day, cool night makes Perth NYE perfect Rachel Fenner Public Health Health alert as highly-infectious disease hits Perth’s south Tahnee Graham Politics Albo’s new year’s message reflects grief of Bondi attack Katina Curtis WA News Crown Perth embraces 80s spirit during 40th anniversary Rachel Fenner Trending Lifestyle Sad update on Perth mum after holiday surgery goes wrong Cricket Perth Scorchers Mr Scorchers blasts 99 in massive road win Southern Day one casino employee cashes in on 40-year anniversary Sport Aussie Olympian fires back after son’s Santa pic trolled News Motoring The biggest shocks and surprises for the CarExpert team in 2025 Perth’s Best Value Outdoor Cinemas Back For 25th Season! Outdoor movies at Burswood, Bassendean, Joondalup & Murdoch. 100% profits to WA kids’ charities. Trailers, Times & Tickets WA News See all Perth What's On Social Traffic Weather Weather Weather Hot day, cool night makes Perth NYE perfect The weather forecast for WA has been revealed for New Years Eve, and one place is forecast to have the best weather in the entire country. Rachel Fenner WA News Crown Perth embraces 80s spirit during 40th anniversary Employees who began their jobs in 1985 marked Crown Perth’s 40th anniversary on Tuesday, as the venue transformed into a 1980s wonderland. Rachel Fenner News Shark heads dumped outside fisheries minister’s office Three men have been charged over dumping 200kg of shark heads in protest of the controversial demersal fishing ban. Emma Kirk WA News Beloved fine jeweller bids bittersweet farewell to WA store After 16 years of being a beloved fixture on Margaret River’s main street, John Miller Design has bid farewell to its iconic store. Madelin Hayes & Rose Patane Latest Tinnie of the week Something big is brewing as beer and coffee combine Mandurah Researchers develop new tool for forensic investigation updated Bushfires Bushfire alert for ‘massive’ blaze south of Perth WA News Iconic Perth venue among those gearing up for New Year’s Eve WA News Aussie pop superstar stuns followers with WA getaway Trending WA News REVEALED: Biggest headlines that captivated PerthNow in 2025 WA News ‘Hasn’t sunk in’: Family's business shut down by fishing ban Fishing Permanent fishing ban across nearly 900km of WA coastline exclusive Childcare Central Childcare operator’s $700k loss in shock school takeover WA News Billions of flies set to swarm Perth this summer Your local paper from anywhere. PerthNow digital editions. Read now Stories from TheNightly Australia analysis Australia Where you can still buy a beach house on an average income You can still buy a house near the beach on a low six-figure salary, but it comes with some big catches. Stephen Johnson Australia Australia Your complete shopper’s guide to New Year’s trading hours Whether you need to dash out for some extra booze, or you just want to do a little retail therapy to kick off 2026, here’s which major stores are open over New Year’s. Ava Martin NSW Bondi hero Ahmed back in hospital days after discharge Ahmed al-Ahmed has reportedly returned to hospital just days after being released. Peta Rasdien World Harry and Meghan rocked by yet another key resignation The Sussexes are having trouble keeping their employees, with another key staff member announcing his departure, bringing the number of people who have quit in the last six months to nine. Ava Martin Entertainment See all Celebrity Gossip Royals Influencers Movies TV Music Music Music The bopping tunes that dominated charts in 2025 revealed Here’s our list of the top tunes from 2025. Zach Margolius Rolling in it Celebrity Gossip SHOW ME THE MONEY: Beyonce becomes a billionaire The singer has become the latest musician to achieve billionaire status. BANG - Entertainment News Celebrity Gossip Brigitte Bardot to be buried by the sea in Saint-Tropez The French cinema legend’s funeral will take place in her hometown of Saint-Tropez on January 7. Staff Writers Celebrity Gossip Celebrity Gossip Jules Neale spotted in tears during family home move Friends were seen helping load a trailer at the inner east Brisbane home on Tuesday morning amid marriage woes between Lachie and Jules Neale. Troy de Ruyter Trending WA News Crown Perth embraces 80s spirit during 40th anniversary Entertainment Shock as beloved Aussie actress dies unexpectedly SEE THE PICS Social Viral ice cream & cookie store opens second store in Perth Camera Icon Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds Celebrity Gossip Taylor Swift, Hugh Jackman allegedly witnessed Ryan Reynolds and Justin Baldoni confrontation CELEBRITY Entertainment Keith Urban ‘extremely fragile’ as Nicole Kidman moves on Subscribe & Save Your daily news delivered straight to your doorstep, with FREE home delivery. Find out more News See all Australia Crime World Business Opinion NSW News NSW News Bondi hero Ahmed back in hospital days after discharge Ahmed al-Ahmed has reportedly returned to hospital just days after being released. Peta Rasdien POLITICS News ‘Need answers’: Burke defends Albo’s Bondi review call The Home Affairs Minister has excused Anthony Albanese’s decision to not hold a royal commission into the Bondi massacre. Eli Green updated Sport Boxing champion injured, two friends dead in horror car crash British boxer Anthony Joshua has been taken to hospital with minor injuries following a fatal car crash while on holiday in Nigeria just a week after his sixth-round knockout victory over Jake Paul. Staff Writers NEW YEAR CHANGES Banking Big changes to hit Aussies on January 1 Cash boosts and prescription costs are among the raft of changes hitting millions of Australians tomorrow. Ria Pandey Latest News 30 rounds fired at home with 4 kids inside Business Crown casino faces NYE strike amid pay dispute Crime Chilling detail after man abused 12 kids Politics Tatiana Schlossberg, granddaughter of JKF, dies aged 35 News Hundreds evacuated in Melbourne gas leak News Nightmare NYE drenching for parts of nation News Why Gen Z will fork out $2k to do this Trending exclusive Childcare Central Childcare operator’s $700k loss in shock school takeover Bali ‘I almost died’: Bali hostel poisoning tragedy exposed Australia Chilling text messages days before ex-girlfriend’s murder Crime Rape-accused intruder argues elderly woman attacked him NEWS Crime Chilling detail after man abused 12 kids News to your inbox Enter your email for the latest news and updates. Enter your email Get the newsletter By providing us with your details, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement . Food See all Best Eats Tinnie of the Week Drink Tinnie of the Week Tinnie of the week Something big is brewing as beer and coffee combine The Seasonal Brewing Co. have delivered a summer fruited sour that’s perfect no matter what your brew of choice is. Dave Friedlos Lifestyle Perth’s best new restaurants and bars that opened in 2025 From Chuck E. Cheese to beach clubs and buzzy Asian fusion, these are the WA openings you couldn’t escape this year. Ibanez Taylor NYT recipe STM The Sgroppino is the original spiked slushie Long before the grasshopper, the pina colada and the frozen daiquiri, there was the Sgroppino. Today’s version marries prosecco with vodka and sorbet, and it can be found in and out of Northern Italy. Rebekah Peppler WA News Food Shock item on supermarket shelves before Christmas cleared Christmas isn’t packed up and we haven’t seen in the new year, but already hot cross buns are hitting the supermarket shelves. Kirsty Lichtenstein Trending SEE THE PICS Social Viral ice cream & cookie store opens second store in Perth Camera Icon Christmas Food Where to book your last-minute Christmas feast in Perth SEE THE PICS Social Little Creatures opens new Perth venue with massive launch Camera Icon SEE THE LIST Food Where to buy most mouthwatering Dubai chocolate in Perth Food WA bakery named winner of Australia’s best gourmet pie Summer of Cricket Enjoy series guides, exclusive voices, unmatched analysis and the stats that matter for just $4 per week. 
Your Summer of Cricket starts here. Learn more Lifestyle See all Cash Confessions Lotto Love & Relationships Real Estate Personal Finance Home & Garden Family Life Travel Beauty & Style Health & Fitness Horoscopes News News Elizabeth Quay fireworks set to dazzle to bring in 2026 Two dazzling fireworks displays over Elizabeth Quay will form part of the City of Perth’s biggest New Year’s Eve celebration yet. PerthNow News Shark heads dumped outside fisheries minister’s office Three men have been charged over dumping 200kg of shark heads in protest of the controversial demersal fishing ban. Emma Kirk WA News REVEALED: WA’s luckiest Lotto places to live in 2025 WA had its most division one Lotto wins since 2016, with more than 88 locals sharing in over $250 million in prizes in 2025. FIND OUT WHICH PLACES WERE THE LUCKIEST Rachel Fenner Celebrity Gossip Celebrity Gossip Jules Neale spotted in tears during family home move Friends were seen helping load a trailer at the inner east Brisbane home on Tuesday morning amid marriage woes between Lachie and Jules Neale. Troy de Ruyter Trending WA News ‘Hasn’t sunk in’: Family's business shut down by fishing ban Lotto Group of Perth nurses cook up succulent $1.5m Lotto win News Motoring The biggest shocks and surprises for the CarExpert team in 2025 Fishing Permanent fishing ban across nearly 900km of WA coastline Sleep habits Lifestyle Is there really a formula to having the best sleep of your life? It’s not too late to join! There’s $1000 up for grabs each round thanks to McDonald’s plus bragging rights! Sign up now Sport See all AFL Cricket Soccer Basketball Tennis NRL Rugby Motorsport Racing MMA Golf Netball Cycling DAMIEN MARTYN Cricket Aussie cricket great rushed to hospital: ‘In a fight for his life’ ‘Let’s hope he can pull through because it’s really serious.’ Ben Sutton Sailing Sydney to Hobart overall honours hinges on protest Overall honours in the Sydney to Hobart could be decided by the outcome of a protest over sail use allegedly in breach of racing regulations. Ethan James Cricket Perth Scorchers Mr Scorchers blasts 99 in massive road win Ashton Turner has fallen agonisingly short of becoming the fifth man to score a century for Perth Scorchers, but spearheaded a crucial road win over Sydney Thunder. Jackson Barrett News Cricket icon’s Baggy Green cap for sale A rare piece of Australian sporting history is emerging from private hands, with a Bradman-era Baggy Green cap heading to auction. Andrew Hedgman Latest Soccer Arsenal halt Villa streak with 4-1 statement victory Cricket 'Keep strong': Cricket rallies around Damien Martyn Olympics Under 21: the Aussie sporting prodigies to watch in '26 Soccer Nigeria win to wrap up group stage with 100% record Basketball 'I'll win': McDonald wants long-term Bullets gig Soccer Key man under Ange told he can leave Spurs Cricket Unlucky Ashton helps turn around Perth's season Trending updated Cricket It’s about time! Poms snare first win Down Under since 2011 BONDI TRAGEDY Cricket Ashes cricket great trapped in Bondi shooting tragedy Surfing 'Fading away': inside the ride to save Aussie surf film Sailing French pair in box seat for Syd-Hob win, but protest in POWERFUL STATEMENT AFL New details emerge in Silvagni rape case as victim speaks out The Ashes: England snare first win Down Under since 2011 with wild result over Australia inside two days England have won a Test in Australia for the first time in almost 15 years and avoided the ignominy of another series whitewash in a frenetic and bizarre Boxing Day match wrapped up in two days. CRICKET ShopNow See all Fashion Beauty Home & Garden Electronics Travel Lifestyle Christmas ShopNow Christmas gifts for pets Treat your pet — and your wallet — with these Christmas gift ideas. Annie Mills New Year, new chapter ShopNow Must-read summer novels Summer is the perfect time to dive into all those books you’ve been meaning to read all year. Annie Mills Wellness ShopNow Vital wellness resources The top six wellness apps worthy of a place on your home screen Sean Briggs Christmas Shopping ShopNow Last-minute Christmas gifts Use this helpful guide to determine what to buy for your family and friends. Skye Willow-Withers Trending Put the glam in glamour ShopNow NYE glow-up essentials Travel ShopNow Top-rated Travel Accessories GIFT GUIDE STM STM’s mega list of more than 120 Christmas present ideas Pizza Chef 🍕😮‍💨 ShopNow Host like a pro this summer! Gozney’s outdoor cooking gear! Neighbourhood envy ShopNow Make your patio the place everyone wants this summer Two explosive new episodes The story of Lisa Govan’s disappearance from Kalgoorlie continues with shocking discoveries and never seen before footage. Watch now Brand partners About this content Brand partner content This content is enabled by funding from external parties. This model allows us to grow our revenue stream to support our local and independent editorial. Learn more sponsored Justin Linney on the five coveted jewellery pieces to add to your wish list In the Linneys Subiaco showroom, creative director Justin Linney has a front-row seat to what clients are looking for. Sponsored by Sponsored by A brand partner paid in full or in part for this content. Seven West Media staff journalists produced this content in collaboration with the brand partner to match the style and tone of PerthNow. Learn more Linneys sponsored A new way to holiday: How smarter travel tech is changing the way we explore Smart travel tech is giving us the freedom to explore without constant planning or connectivity stress. Sponsored by Sponsored by A brand partner paid in full or in part for this content. Seven West Media staff journalists produced this content in collaboration with the brand partner to match the style and tone of PerthNow. Learn more Yesim sponsored Is there really a formula to having the best sleep of your life? We take a look at the lifechanging habits that ensure you’re getting the best sleep of your life. Sponsored by Sponsored by A brand partner paid in full or in part for this content. Seven West Media staff journalists produced this content in collaboration with the brand partner to match the style and tone of PerthNow. Learn more Bedworld sponsored Reinventing at any age: Perth physio’s bold career stretch into media Dr Milios has now turned her focus back to the textbooks, this time to study media and broadcasting at Edith Cowan University (ECU). Sponsored by Sponsored by A brand partner paid in full or in part for this content. Seven West Media staff journalists produced this content in collaboration with the brand partner to match the style and tone of PerthNow. Learn more ECU advertisement Transforming homes on a budget: How Jack’s furniture store became a Perth success story A family business built on refurbishment and community Advertiser content Advertiser content A brand partner supplied this content to promote its product or service. Seven West Media Custom Publishing or Seven West MINT may have assisted in writing or sub-editing this content to align with Seven West Media brand guidelines. Learn more Jack’s Furniture sponsored Smooth sailing: Five small travel hacks that make a huge difference on your next trip Whether it’s a Bali escape with the girls, a whirlwind European adventure, or a once-in-a-lifetime African safari, the key to a smooth trip starts long before take-off. Sponsored by Sponsored by A brand partner paid in full or in part for this content. Seven West Media staff journalists produced this content in collaboration with the brand partner to match the style and tone of PerthNow. Learn more Yesim Perth Now Email Us Newsletter Chevron Down Icon Submit story tip Camera Icon Submit photos Get Digital Edition Digital edition Chevron Down Icon Back to top Follow Us Share to Facebook Share to X Share to Instagram Share to Youtube Get Digital Edition Email Us About Us Contact Us Careers Letter to the Editor Place an Ad Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Editorial Complaints Terms of Use © West Australian Newspapers Limited 2025 News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Shop Now Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Editorial Complaints Terms of Use Subscribe to the Paper Read your PerthNow Local Newspaper Advertise on PerthNow Our Partners Real Estate View Healthengine Huddle Insurance CarExpert Raiz Invest Institchu Starts at 60 Willed Iseekplant The Nightly The West Australian 7plus 7NEWS TV Guide Streamer