Skip to content
Open toolbar

Accessibility Tools

Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
 Reset
+92 (42) 99260125 info@pesrp.edu.pk 6-Wahdat Link Road Asif Block Allama Iqbal Town, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan	
Twitter Profile
Facebook Profile
Youtube Profile
Home
About Us
Projects
Publications
Procurement
RTI
News & Events
Contact Us
Welcome to PMIU-PESRP

Functioning as the think-tank and project implementation wing of the School Education Department, the PMIU-PESRP is mandated to strengthen and transform the educational environment by providing equitable education service delivery across the Punjab. Through a robust monitoring and evaluation ecosystem, PMIU aims to bring constructive and sustained change ensuring the provision of an unbounded environment to marginalized segments of society. PMIU’s partnerships with policymakers, stakeholders, and large-scale international donors enables productive and effective interventions around access, quality, and governance of the education system in Punjab.

Mission

    
To reform the educational landscape of Punjab through interventions in access, quality, and governance. PMIU-PESRP enables delivery of free and compulsory education as mandated by the Punjab Education Act 2014, preparing the youth to adapt to a rapidly changing world. By pioneering educational excellence, it aims to reform the public education system in Punjab and strives to bring it at par with the best education service delivery systems in the world.

Vision

Transform, Enable, Sustain
To be the definitive benchmark in education sector reforms, leaving no stone unturned in ensuring every child’s basic right to education. We strive to overcome hurdles such as lack of infrastructure, teacher shortages, geographical distances, and societal norms, fostering a transformative and inclusive learning environment. PMIU aims to ensure that every child in Punjab, whether male or female, comes to school, stays in school, and ends up contributing to a progressive and vibrant Pakistan.

Data Centre

A state-of-the-art Tier III compliant data center was inaugurated on March 3rd, 2022.

Read More
Free Textbooks

Coordination with PCTB for printing of free textbooks and their distribution to all the schools under School Education Department

Read More
NSB

Disbursement of Non-Salary Budget (NSB) to the Public Sector Schools in the Punjab through District Education Authorities

Read More
Regular Activities
Girls' Stipend Program
Girls' Stipend Program

PMIU continues to implement the Zewar-e-Taleem Programme, and successfully disbursed stipends to 538,159 beneficiaries in the 16 districts of Southern Punjab. This stipend is critical in enabling the girls from these districts to complete their middle and high school education.

Afternoon School Program
Afternoon School Program

The Afternoon School Program aims to provide equitable educational opportunities to children in areas where access to schools remains a challenge along with low retention and high drop-out rates. The program is designed to ‘upgrade’ the existing primary or middle schools.

Annual School Census
Annual School Census

Conventionally, PMIU conducts Annual School Census on October 31st every year. With focus on technological innovation, it was decided in 2018 to transition from manual data collection to digitized data collection through the School Information System (SIS).

Currently Running programmes
TALEEM
The TALEEM Programme, a visionary initiative that aims to catalyze transformative changes in Punjab’s education landscape. The ESPIG, supported by the GPE, empowers the TALEEM Programme to revolutionize access, learning outcomes, equity, and education management.
READ MORE
ASPIRE
ASPIRE Project under the umbrella of PMIU is a significant initiative of the government and a vital step to actively assist and promote the better and broader educational facilities in six underprivileged districts of Punjab.
READ MORE
PHCIP
The objective of Punjab Human Capital Investment Project (PHCIP) is to increase the utilization of quality health and education services, as well as economic and social inclusion programs among poor and vulnerable households in selected districts in Punjab.
READ MORE
IT Interventions

The Programme Monitoring and Implementation Unit (PMIU) places emphasis on the use of technology as a strategic approach to enhance program efficiency and effectiveness. The Data Center established at PMIU, will strengthen the use of technology for optimized data collection, analysis and reporting. The aim is to enable data-driven decision-making, improved resource allocation, and better program management across the education sector.
The Data Center has been at the forefront of developing web and Android applications (SIS, SIF, HR, COT etc.) to streamline administrative and educational processes. Moreover, the Data Center provides essential IT support to School Education Department and its attached bodies and departments. This ensures the seamless functioning of the entire educational system, reinforcing PMIU's commitment to educational excellence.

The School Locator App will provide real- time location with precision and accuracy to improve the school visit experience. With a smart radius-based search feature, the app allows users to explore schools effortlessly within a customizable range of up to 20 kilometers improving planning and decision-making processes.
School Locator App
The objective of the training program is to enable the participants to understand, interpret and analyze the data through different forms (i.e. graphs and visuals) and data sources (i.e. Integrated Education Dashboard) for effective management of schools at district, tehsil and markaz levels.
ECCE Training App
FLN App is a user-friendly application designed specifically for the teachers of learning camps established by the School Education Department. This application allows teachers to conveniently report essential data related to the learning camps, ensuring efficient monitoring and evaluation.
FLN SED App
SISTER ORGANIZATIONS
NEWS & EVENTS
admin November 10, 2024
The GPE-funded TALEEM Programme recently held ENT
READ MORE
admin November 8, 2024
The Special Assistant to the Chief Minister on Special Education, Ms. Sania Ashiq, visited the PMIU-PESRP
READ MORE
admin November 8, 2024
Empowering Early care and Childhood education in south Punjab
READ MORE
About Us
The PMIU-PESRP is mandated to strengthen and transform the educational environment by providing equitable education service delivery across the Punjab.
Other Links
Punjab Education, Curriculum, Training and Assessment Authority (PECTAA)
School Education Department
Constraints
Our News
RTI
Contact Us
Contact Us
 6-Wahdat Link Road Asif Block Allama Iqbal Town, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan
 +92 (42) 99260124
 info@pesrp.edu.pk
 www.pesrp.edu.pk

© 2023 PESRP. All Rights Reserved.