Petcube - The Smartest Pet Cameras For Cats & Dogs. Alexa built-in Save up to $70 on smart pet tech Save up to $70 on smart pet tech Save up to $70 on smart pet tech Devices Petcube GPS Tracker $29.99 $52.99 New Petcube Fountain $59.99 $79.99 Petcube Cam $25.99 $34.99 Petcube Cam 360 $34.99 $52.99 Petcube Play 2 $59.99 $99.00 Petcube Bites 2 Lite $69.99 $149.99 Shop All Services Petcube Care Up to 90-day video history + pet and human alerts Care Bundle FREE camera + Petcube Care starting from $5.99/mo Get Petcube App Scan the QR code to start. iOS and Android compatible. Get Petcube App Support Petfeed Store Sign In Promo ends in: 2 days 12 hours 21 minutes Promo ends in: 2 days 12 hours 21 minutes Promo ends in: 2 days 12 hours 21 minutes A Better Year Begins With Better Care A Better Year Begins With Better Care A Better Year Begins With Better Care Become the best version of a pet parent your pet relies on Become the best version of a pet parent your pet relies on Become the best version of a pet parent your pet relies on Shop now Keep Your Pet Safe with AI Insights and Alerts Shop now The Smart Way to Keep Your Cat Drinking Shop now The GPS Tracker you can actually understand Shop now FEATURED IN MEDIA “The most advanced GPS dog Tracker, rivaling the AirTag” “Delivers more than your average home security camera” “You can’t put a price tag on a peace of mind” “I got a Petcube and my life will never be the same” “One of my favorite features is its sound and light alerts” “Capable canine companion for when you're not home” Makers of the #1 best-selling pet care products, trusted by pet parents worldwide pets are already online DEVICES The Ultimate Innovative Pet Care Interactive Cameras See and talk to, toss treats, play remotely, enhance training, and prevent anxious behavior Learn more GPS Tracker Smart GPS location, activity monitoring, escape alerts Learn more Water Fountain Fresh water, UV-C purification, 4-layer filtering Learn more WHEN PETCUBE IS A LIFESAVER Smart AI-Powered Alerts Save Lives Broken glass emergency averted Petcube Cam saved my dog from harm! One day, my pup knocked a mirror off the wall, shattering it on the floor. Petcube immediately notified me, and I saw the shards of glass everywhere. While I was at work, I texted my roommate, who quickly cleaned up the mess. Thanks to these alerts, my dog was spared from getting injured. Ashley and Tylo Petcube Care alerts kept my cat safe My cat, Ziggy Spice Williams, has asthma and needs constant monitoring. One day, while I was at work, Ziggy had a major asthma attack. Thanks to a Petcube Care sound notification and camera’s rotation function, I saw her coughing and wheezing behind the table. I rushed home, gave her medication, and took her to the vet. Jessica and Ziggy Hive emergency caught with Live Alerts Petcube's real-time alerts saved our dog's life. While me and my wife were out of town, we checked our Petcube Cam and noticed our dog acting strangely. Zooming in, we saw severe hives covering his body. We rushed home and found two sting bites on his neck. Thanks to Petcube, we were able to take him to the ER vet in time. Petcube's smart alerts truly make a difference in emergencies. Walters family and Bobby PETCUBE APP An App that Revolves Around Your Pet DOWNLOAD THE APP Scan to download on iOS or Android Loved & Trusted by Pets and Their Humans 4.3/5 (19,143 ratings) Perfect thing for spying on your purrfect friends Pros: 1. size - this thing is really small and looks nice anywhere in my apartment. 2. quality - I didn't expect such a good quality picture from a small camera. 3. set up - easy Read more Adjustable tilt rotation mount! Not just a box like the old ones. I love this version of the Petcube!!! This design is leaps and bounds ahead of the original. The fact that you can adjust the angle by rotating the box instead of awkwardly propping it up with whatever fits best as a wedge underneath, was my main selling point. Worth it. Read more It updates frequently, so the location is always accurate I use it for my younger dog who is more active, and its fun to see how far she goes in a day. I like how it glows in the dark and has options for light and sound to be turned on as well to help find my dog. Read more Must have for needy pets. I mounted the product to the ceiling in my basement using the magnetic mount. It works great during the day and at night! Highly recommend, especially since it has a two way intercoms! Read more SERVICES In-App Pet Subscription Services That Make Life Easier Petcube Care Catch special moments with 30 sec-video clips and smart alerts Learn more Petcube Online Vet Chat with licensed vets and get personalized expert advice anytime, anywhere Learn more United States, English, USD Canada, English, CAD Germany, German, EUR Germany, English, EUR Spain, English, EUR France, French, EUR France, English, EUR Italy, English, EUR Netherlands, English, EUR United Kingdom, English, GBP Singapore, English, SGD Devices Petcube GPS Tracker GPS Tracker Petcube Fountain Fountain Petcube Cam Cam Petcube Cam 360 Cam 360 Petcube Play 2 Play 2 Petcube Bites 2 Lite Bites 2 Lite Services Petcube Care Petfeed Lifestyle & fun Pet health Pet behavior Pet care 101 Pet nutrition Resources Support Petcube app Affiliates Company About us Careers Media kit News Stay tuned for updates and offers Subscribe I have read the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Join us on mobile and
                    get 5% OFF your next
                    order Grab the deal Warranty Shipping & Returns Terms of Use Privacy Policy Designed by O0 Designed by O0 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Copyright © 2025 Petcube, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Petcube uses cookies to personalize content and ads on our website, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. By continuing to use our site, you agree to the use of our cookies. See our Cookie Policy for more details. Continue Privacy Policy and Terms of Use I have read and agreed to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (they can be always found later on petcube.com) Agree Your Care Premium plan covers new cameras We have noticed that your cart included Care plan for your newly ordered cameras. However, your account already has Care Premium plan which covers unlimited number of cameras. So we automatically removed Care and you were not charged for it. Thank you for your purchase, and let the new cameras serve you well! Next Ok