Veterinary Software Built To Reclaim Time And Connect With Clients See the full suite of PetDesk products – take the NEW self-guided tour now > 844.PET.APPT Support PetDesk App Practice Login Communications (PetDesk Dashboard) Phones Only (Retriever) Phone PBX Admin PetDesk Scribe Direct Booking (Vetstoria) 844.PET.APPT Support PetDesk App Products Communications Stay connected with clients and save time by letting them self-serve whenever, wherever. Phones Speed up calls with our PIMS-compatible VoIP phone system for veterinary clinics. Direct Booking Let pet owners skip the call and accurately schedule visits on their own time—not yours. Scribe Take high-quality SOAP notes in half the time. No handwriting, less typing—all peace of mind. Marketing Attract, retain, and engage more clients with all the tools you need to stand out online. All Products Reclaim your time, keep staff and clients happy, and grow efficiently with one platform Take an Online Tour Solutions Who PetDesk Helps Veterinarians More time with patients, less on paperwork Practice Managers Reclaim your day and reduce team burnout Vet Techs Stay focused on patients, not busywork Veterinary CSRs A superior front desk experience for everyone Corporate Veterinary Groups Boost compliance and retention at your clinics. Success Stories See real results from real PetDesk customers What PetDesk Solves Staff Burnout Save time and reduce call volume Lack of Staffing Save your staff time monthly No-Shows and Retention Cut no-shows and improve retention Time-Consuming Admin Work Save time with automation Client Dissatisfaction Give clients the digital tools they want Reduced Client Visits Re-engage clients and capture new bookings Compatible PIMS Resources Guides & Insights Finance Guide Veterinary tax information and tips Software Guide Veterinary client retention & loyalty tips Industry Insights Analysis around common topics Veterinary-Specific Guides Tips, strategies, and helpful resources All Blogs > Tools & Resources 2026 Pet Holiday Calendar Download and print—for free CSR Survival Guide Tips and ideas for your front desk Natural Disaster Resource Pack Stay prepared for severe weather App Adoption Resources Boost app adoption in your clinic All Resources > Case Studies Multiple Products Save time & grow client base PetDesk Scribe Better workflow & improved notes PetDesk Marketing Boost patient growth & engagement PetDesk Direct Booking Fewer no-shows & more appointments All Case Studies > Help Center Support for clinics and pet parents. FAQs Frequently asked questions for practices. January Freebies Ready to download, veterinary-specific social media posts. Company Our Story Learn more about our team of animal lovers. Careers View and apply to current job openings. Contact Us Ask a question, submit a request, or get a demo. Events Trade shows, live digital events & group demos. Partnerships Collaborate and grow with the team at PetDesk. Success Stories Testimonials from real PetDesk customers. Watch the recording Get a demo Simplify your veterinary clinic. Strengthen your care. Reclaim your time, connect with clients their way, and grow your clinic with veterinary software trusted by vets and loved by pet parents. What are you most interested in? Online Booking Reminders, Texting & Loyalty PIMS-integrated Phones AI-powered SOAP notes Mobile App Payments & Deposits Website & Marketing Get a Demo Take an Online Tour Join over 8,200 veterinary practices less calls thanks to reminders, online booking, and texting hours saved monthly through automation and workflows increase in client retention for clinics who choose PetDesk Veterinary software built to help your team thrive Free up your front desk Reduce calls by 50%, automate reminders and let pet parents schedule appointments, complete forms, request refills, and much more online or in the app. Simplify communication Use two-way texting and mass messaging to easily engage with pet owners, and speed up your phone calls with a direct PIMS integration. Reduce no-shows Hold clients accountable for the services they’ve booked and secure revenue with automatic reminders and pre-appointment deposits. Get more customers Get done-for-you websites, social media marketing, SEO, graphic design, Google ads, and more. Offer loyalty programs & drive retention. Get a demo Client Communications Spend less time on the phone. Let clients self-serve in the mobile app, and text your team directly. With automatic reminders, upfront payments, digital forms, and mass messages, you can lower your no-show rate by 90%. Get a demo PIMS-Integrated Phones Know who’s calling before you pick up. Pair your phones with your PIMS to see all client and patient details instantly, saving your team hundreds of hours and giving a personalized experience that pet parents love. Get a demo Error-free Direct Booking Get appointments while you sleep. Cut call volume in half by providing pet owners with accurate, 24/7 booking for routine services. Enjoy advanced customizations and automatic email reminders to keep your calendar on track. Get a demo AI-powered SOAP Notes Focus on pets, not paperwork. Click record, and we’ll automatically transcribe client conversations into high-quality SOAP notes and patient summaries that meet industry standards. Simply review, edit, and approve! Get a demo Custom Websites & Marketing Impress pet parents with a veterinary-specific website that’s made for you and managed by us. We’ll handle your SEO, social media, Google ads, reviews, and more! Clinics typically grow their client base by 10%. Get a demo Yes—we work with your PIMS! See All Compatible PIMS True stories from trusted customers read real reviews “I don’t like having to spend a bunch of time doing something that could be done much faster. So using PetDesk’s online booking has been great and takes a lot of the scheduling pressure off my reception staff. PetDesk’s tools are huge time savers for our staff; they can complete tasks faster which allows us to see more patients.” Dr. Rachael Jeffery co-founder, el paseo animal hospital Catch the latest buzz from our blog How PetDesk’s improved Pulse integration elevates your veterinary practice From client and patient records to appointment scheduling and medical... read more Complete List of Social Media Holidays for Veterinary Hospitals PetDesk’s veterinary social media calendar is our gift to you, loaded... read more Common Dental Health Issues in Pets Your pet’s dental health is about more than fresh breath—it’s about... read more « Older Entries PetDesk’s commitment to you We understand the unique challenges the industry faces, and we’re passionate about providing solutions that support a healthy environment for every pet, pet parent, and team member to thrive in.  Like you, we know the industry More than 8,000 clinics trust us to tackle their everyday challenges that prevent them from delivering the absolute best care possible.  One roof for all your solutions From competitive marketing and error-free booking to faster calls and a convenient mobile app, PetDesk has everything you need to succeed—all in one place.  Enjoy more time and less stress PetDesk solutions sync with your PIMS to automate tasks and save valuable time, keeping you concentrated on supporting pets and their owners. See the power of PetDesk for yourself—for free. Get a demo Take an online tour Products Communications Phones Direct Booking Scribe Marketing All Products Product Tours Compatible PIMS Get a Demo Personas DVMs Practice Managers Veterinary CSRs Vet Techs Compare PetDesk vs AllyDVM PetDesk vs Otto PetDesk vs Weave Resources Help Center FAQs Blog Support Pet Parents Download the App Get Pet Insurance Help Center Company Our Story Careers Events Contact Us Licenses Cookie Policy © 2025 PetDesk | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Manage Personal Information | Accessibility Statement Follow Follow Follow Follow ready to login? Select your product  Communications Platform  PetDesk Voice  PetDesk PIMS VoIP System