Petlibro: Designed better for your lives together Skip to content Shopping cart (0items
) Your cart is empty. Shop now > Sale ends in {countdown} . Check out before these deals are gone! Sale ends in {countdown} . Check out before these deals are gone! You might also like You might also like Cove Placemat Catch spills for easy clean up $24.99 Add To Cart E-Gift Card The perfect present for any occasion $50.00 Add To Cart Most Popular Dockstream 2 Smart Fountain The next generation of pet hydration $89.99 Add To Cart Granary Smart Camera Feeder Make every mealtime a dinner date $139.99 Add To Cart Most Popular Polar Smart Wet Food Feeder Keep wet food chill $149.99 Add To Cart Dockstream 2 Smart Fountain The next generation of pet hydration $79.99 Add To Cart Granary Smart Feeder Automatic feeding with app control $89.99 Add To Cart One RFID Smart Feeder Feeding made personal $149.99 Add To Cart Air Smart Feeder Smart, Cordless, and Versatile $69.99 Add To Cart Cove Placemat Catch spills for easy clean up $24.99 Add To Cart E-Gift Card The perfect present for any occasion $50.00 Add To Cart Most Popular Dockstream 2 Smart Fountain The next generation of pet hydration $89.99 Add To Cart Granary Smart Camera Feeder Make every mealtime a dinner date $139.99 Add To Cart Most Popular Polar Smart Wet Food Feeder Keep wet food chill $149.99 Add To Cart Dockstream 2 Smart Fountain The next generation of pet hydration $79.99 Add To Cart Granary Smart Feeder Automatic feeding with app control $89.99 Add To Cart One RFID Smart Feeder Feeding made personal $149.99 Add To Cart Air Smart Feeder Smart, Cordless, and Versatile $69.99 Add To Cart $89.99 Style Cordless Plug-In Color White Black Confirm Product details $89.99 Style Cordless Plug-In Color White Black Confirm Order details Subtotal: $0.00 Saving: $0.00 Shipping: Calculated at checkout Tax: Calculated at checkout Total $0.00 Apply Check out Order details Subtotal: $0.00 Saving: $0.00 Shipping: Calculated at checkout Tax: Calculated at checkout Total $0.00 $0.00 Apply Check out Save 10% on orders $89+ Shop New Year's Sale Save 10% on orders $89+ Shop New Year's Sale Free shipping on orders over $75 in the U.S. Free shipping on orders over $75 in the U.S. New Year's Sale Litter Box New New Luma Data without the digging Bundles More care, more savings Video Cloud AI Smarts behind every scoop Accessories Made for your Luma Luma & your cat Fountains Dockstream 2 Smarter hydration Dockstream Seamless water fountains Capsule Options for dogs and cats Stainless Steel Dishwasher safe Bundles Buy more, save more Accessories Filters and replacement parts Help me choose Feeders One Multi-pet RFID recognition Polar Smart wet food feeder Granary Seamless dry food feeders Air Cordless and lightweight Bundles Buy more, save more Accessories Help me choose Camera Scout Smart Camera The pet cam that knows your pets Camera Bundles Their complete smart care routine Video Cloud AI The smarts behind the camera Bundles Learn Feeders Fountains Petlibro app Trade up Refer & Earn About us Support Help Center Find a Store Accessibility Track Order Shipping Policy Warranty and Return Policies Subscription Service Terms Cart 0 Log in New Year's Sale Litter Box New New Luma Data without the digging Bundles More care, more savings Video Cloud AI Smarts behind every scoop Accessories Made for your Luma View all Luma & your cat Fountains Dockstream 2 Smarter hydration Dockstream Seamless water fountains Capsule Options for dogs and cats Stainless Steel Dishwasher safe Bundles Buy more, save more Accessories Filters and replacement parts View all Help me choose Feeders One Multi-pet RFID recognition Polar Smart wet food feeder Granary Seamless dry food feeders Air Cordless and lightweight Bundles Buy more, save more Accessories View all Help me choose Camera Scout Smart Camera The pet cam that knows your pets Camera Bundles Their complete smart care routine Video Cloud AI The smarts behind the camera View all Bundles Learn What are... Feeders Fountains Petlibro app Trade up Refer & Earn About us Support Support Help Center Find a Store Accessibility Orders Track Order Shipping Policy Warranty and Return Policies Subscription Service Terms Your cat's favorite new tech is almost here Our biggest innovation ever drops 11/13 . Sign up for sneak peeks, perks, and alerts. Please enter a valid email address Get Launch Alerts By subscribing, you agree to receive email marketing from Petlibro. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service You’re in! Our upcoming product launch is our biggest cat care breakthrough yet. Watch your inbox for sneak peeks, news alerts, and pre-launch perks like this one: Spend $1 today and get a $100 launch credit , plus priority shipping, dedicated support and 90-day free return shipping.* Get Deal *Voucher is non-refundable and only one can be used per order, starting 11/13. Win up to $145 off your next order Subscribe to Petlibro news for a chance to win $145 off your next purchase. Please enter a valid email address What smart pet care are you most interested in? Select an option Litter Box Camera Feeder Fountain Enter to Win By subscribing, you agree to receive email marketing from Petlibro. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service Win $145 off You've won $145 off Congrats! You're about to save big on smart pet care. Offer good for 72 hours. $20 off orders over $89 WEL20 Copied! $35 off orders over $149 WEL35 Copied! $90 off orders over $299 WEL90 Copied! Explore New Arrivals Code is valid for 72 hours and can be used for one order only. Code can’t be combined with other codes. Discounts cannot be used toward new product launches. $145 off Petlibro Kit Giveaway Win the PR Kit everyone’s talking about: Scout. The tiny tent. Limited gear. Usually reserved for press, now yours to win before summer ends. Please enter a valid email address Enter Now Open to legal U.S. residents, 18 years or older. Void where prohibited. Giveaway begins on 08/26/2025 and ends on 09/15/2025 at midnight PST. Three winners will each receive a limited-edition Petlibro PR Kit, which includes the Scout Smart Camera and select branded merch. Winners will be chosen at random and notified via Instagram or email (depending on entry format) by 09/30/2025. If a winner does not respond within 48 hours, another may be selected. Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received. Only one email entry per person will be counted, though additional entries may be submitted through the bonus methods described above. Petlibro is not liable for any issues that arise from participation or use of the prize. Personal information will be collected and handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Petlibro Kit Giveaway You’re In! Thanks for entering Petlibro’s PR Kit Giveaway. We’ll notify the winners via email or Instagram DM by 9/30/2025. Stay tuned and keep an eye on your inbox! Got it Petlibro Kit Giveaway Petlibro Kit Giveaway Enter now for your chance to win a limited-edition PR kit from Petlibro: including Scout smart camera, merch, and more. Please enter a valid email address Enter Now Open to legal U.S. residents, 18 years or older. Void where prohibited. Giveaway begins on 08/26/2025 and ends on 09/15/2025 at midnight PST. Three winners will each receive a limited-edition Petlibro PR Kit, which includes the Scout Smart Camera and select branded merch. Winners will be chosen at random and notified via Instagram or email (depending on entry format) by 09/30/2025. If a winner does not respond within 48 hours, another may be selected. Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received. Only one email entry per person will be counted, though additional entries may be submitted through the bonus methods described above. Petlibro is not liable for any issues that arise from participation or use of the prize. Personal information will be collected and handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Petlibro Kit Giveaway You’re In! Thanks for entering Petlibro’s PR Kit Giveaway. We’ll notify the winners via email or Instagram DM by 9/30/2025. Stay tuned and keep an eye on your inbox! Got it Petlibro Kit Giveaway Complete your order before it disappears Complete your order before it disappears 0
            
              items $0.00 Review My Cart Finally, a resolution that's easy to keep Finally, a resolution that's easy to keep Save 10% on orders over $89 Shop Now New release Luma Smart Litter Box Luma Smart Litter Box Know who did what, when, and how much Shop Now Learn More Black Friday Deal Meet Dockstream 2 Meet Dockstream 2 Our most advanced fountain yet Save 20% Now Shop by category Shop by category Litter Box Litter Box Know who did what, when, and how much. Know who did what, when, and how much. Shop Now Litter Box Learn More about Litter Box Feeders Feeders Automatic feeders crafted to make every mealtime matter. Automatic feeders crafted to make every mealtime matter. Shop Now Feeders Learn More about Feeders Fountains Fountains Filtered water fountains for every pet and human lifestyle. Filtered water fountains for every pet and human lifestyle. Shop Now Fountains Learn More about Fountains Camera Camera The camera that gets to know your pets. The camera that gets to know your pets. Shop Now Camera Learn More about Camera New & Popular New Luma Smart Litter Box Data, not digging Shop Now - Luma Smart Litter Box Learn More about Luma Smart Litter Box New Dockstream 2 Smart Cordless Fountain All the innovation, none of the cords Buy Now - Dockstream 2 Smart Cordless Fountain Learn More about Dockstream 2 Smart Cordless Fountain Best Seller One RFID Feeder Feeding made personal for multiple-pet families Buy Now - One RFID Feeder Learn More about One RFID Feeder Best Seller Granary Series Award-winning automatic feeders Buy Now - Granary Series New Scout Smart Camera Goodbye worries. Hello Scout. Buy Now - Scout Smart Camera Learn More about Scout Smart Camera Trade up without the trade in Trade up without the trade in Get over $150 off the Luma Smart Litter Box and 25% off all other pet care. Get over $150 off the Luma Smart Litter Box and 25% off all other pet care. Upgrade Now Give 15% off, get 30% off Give 15% off, get 30% off Refer 1 friend and you'll both save. Refer 3 and get a bonus $50 gift card. Refer 1 friend and you'll both save. Refer 3 and get a bonus $50 gift card. Refer a Friend Follow along for more My cat Norbert gives this automatic wet food feeder two paws up. It's eliminated pet's stress waiting for their owners to come home. The 'Lifesaver' for needy cats and long vacations. The build, features, and mechanical functionally of the Petlibro Granary were impressive. Petlibro’s new smart refrigerated wet food feeder is what your cat deserves. Polar Wet Food Feeder could be a game changer. Designed better for your lives together Our products are designed to magnify the bond between your pet and you. From app insights to making time for the all-important snuggles, the time to connect is now. Learn More - Designed better for your lives together We are preping your bundle based on your answers and millions of pet parents' choices... Did you know? Cats have five toes on their front paws, but only four on the back. ${img} ${productTitle} ${info} Apply your curiosity. Find the Petlibro products that are right for you and your pets. How many cats and dogs do you have? Cats 0 1 2 3 4 5+ Dogs 0 1 2 3 4 5+ Next How would you describe your experience level with owning pets? Ultimate pet mom/dad Some experience No experience Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward To help us create the perfect product bundle for you, tell us a bit more about your cats. How would you describe their diet? Dry food only Wet food only Dry & wet food Next Which dietary concerns are important to you? Feeding on time Portion control Multi-pet food aggression/stealing Remote feeding Freshness How do you provide fresh water for your cat(s)? Daily refills Filtered water Flowing water source Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward To help us create the perfect product bundle for you, please tell us a bit more about your cats. What health concerns do you have when it comes to caring for your cat(s)? None Obesity Urinary tract disease Kidney disease Diabetes Arthritis Dehydration Cancer Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward To help us create the perfect product bundle for you, tell us a bit more about your dogs. How would you describe their diet? Dry food only Wet food only Dry & wet food Next Which dietary concerns are important to you? Feeding on time Portion control Multi-pet food aggression/stealing Remote feeding Freshness How do you provide fresh water for your dog(s)? Daily refills Filtered water Flowing water source Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward To help us create the perfect product bundle for you, please tell us a bit more about your dogs. What health concerns do you have when it comes to caring for your dog(s)? None Obesity Diabetes Arthritis Dehydration Kidney disease Cancer Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward Maybe you’ve noticed. Most Petlibro products are app-powered. How would you describe your experience level with using app-powered products? Expert Some experience No experience Next Which product features are important to you? Wet food refrigeration Multi-pet recognition Cordless/ battery-operated Hydration tracking Food intake tracking Video of my pet Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward This may take a few moments. We're curating the perfect bundle for you and it's worth the wait! [solves-show]What you are trying to solve is {solves} .[solves-show] Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward Based on your preferences and insights from millions of other pet lovers, these are the perfect Petlitbro product bundle for you. Next Prev Next Buy Now Start Over Skip and get my recommendations now Please select your answers to move forward Sign up for exclusive offers and new product drops Subscribe Litter Box Feeders Fountains Camera About Us Blog Affiliate Program Refer & Earn Help Center Shipping Policy Track Order Warranty and Return Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Subscription Service Terms Sign up for exclusive offers and new product drops Subscribe Amazon American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa United States / English Canada / English United Kingdom / English Germany / German French / French Japan / Japanese Download App PETLIBRO APP © 2026
        Petlibro, Inc. All Rights Reserved. United States / English Canada / English United Kingdom / English Germany / German French / French Japan / Japanese Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.