Software for Small and Medium Businesses | Petpooja Products + - Poss Invoice Purchase Tasks Studio About Us Careers Get Started Get Started Products Poss Invoice Purchase Tasks Studio About Us Careers All-in-One Software Powering SME Growth At Every Step All-in-One Software Powering SME Growth At Every Step Stay ahead of the curve with solutions that are designed for tomorrow's challenges, flexible tools that adapt to your unique needs. Get Started Poss Payroll Invoice Purchase Tasks Restaurant POS software made simple! Manage all your restaurant operations efficiently so you can grow your brand like a real boss! Explore Poss Make your payroll management problems disappear. Software + Biometric hardware combo for effortless leave, attendance, and payroll. GST billing software for retail & B2B businesses. Enjoy lightning-fast billing, easy-to-use interface, and powerful tools to track sales & manage inventory. Explore Invoice All-in-one invoice processing AI tool for inventory, purchase & payables. An end-to-end solution that scans your invoices & generates meaningful insights. Explore Purchase Automate your day-to-day business tasks. Create, track & validate updates on your staff’s assigned operational tasks from a single app. Explore Tasks Trusted by 1,00,000+ businesses across the globe WHY OUR CLIENTS LOVE US Simplicity meets excellence our products excel in every aspect We design our products to be the best in every way, so you get the most out of them. We focus on quality, ease of use, and great performance to make your life easier WHY US Simple & powerful We craft top-quality, user-friendly products for peak performance Continuous Innovation We continuously research and develop our solutions and provide regular updates with new features to improve performance. Pricing Industry-low, transparent pricing models designed to scale your business. Simplicity User-centric design with creative interfaces to help you quickly learn and leverage the full potential of our solutions. 24x7 Support Our dedicated support team is always ready to help you, you can reach out to us via call or email anytime. WHAT WE DO Our ecosystem - empowering SMEs through integrated solutions We combine deep industry expertise with creative problem-solving to craft products that drive efficiency & unlock new possibilities. Complete solution for easy attendance tracking, simplified payroll management, and a leave monitoring system. GST billing and inventory management solution for B2B and retail businesses, designed to provide real-time insights. Know More All-rounder solution designed to drive restaurant growth, supporting all types of food service outlets. Know More Digitize your invoices and manage your payables by taking a picture of your invoices. Know More Assign, supervise & verify tasks, and get downloadable reports, simplify complex processes, and ensure consistency. Know More How we build trust Amplifying The Key Metrics That Matter 100k+ Businesses trust us 14+ Years of excellence 0% Processing errors MEETING DIVERSE NEEDS What our solutions can do for you Tailored products for every industry. Our solution adapts to meet a wide range of needs, helping you achieve your goals. Boost Restaurant Growth Streamline order management & increase the productivity of your restaurant Explore Manage Payroll Automate payroll calculations and attendance tracking for multiple shifts Explore Simplify Task Management Stay organized and improve collaboration with a centralized system. Explore Digitize Invoices Reduce manual effort and automate the process of data entry of your invoice. Explore Automate Business Operations Generate GST invoices easily & get a clear overview of your business. Explore Hear from our clients Petpooja provides detailed financial reports and analytics for sales and profits, along with exceptional customer service for troubleshooting. I highly recommend Petpooja. Viraaj Badhwar Co-founder @ Burgerama Petpooja simplifies restaurant management by handling online orders, inventory, and menu updates. The user-friendly POS frees up time for brand growth. Invest in automated solutions like Petpooja for seamless operations. Aditi Madan Founder @ Yangkiez Momos To run multiple outlets, you need a technological solution that perfectly syncs with all other processes and is all well-integrated into one for smooth restaurant operations. I think here Petpooja has done a phenomenal job in helping Kabir Advani Managing Partner @ Berco’s We'd love to answer your questions Have a query? We'd be happy to answer any questions you might have. Connect with us: (+91) 91043 69797 inquiry@petpooja.com We're the best, we told you already! © Prayosha Food Services Pvt. Ltd., India Privacy • Compliance • Terms • Cancellation & Refund • Corporate Information • Escalation Matrix