International Affairs - Research and data from Pew Research Center Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Newsletters Press My Account Donate Contacted By Us? Read our research on: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Search Research Topics Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Full Topic List Regions & Countries Asia & the Pacific Europe & Russia Latin America Middle East & North Africa North America Sub-Saharan Africa Multiple Regions / Worldwide Formats Feature Fact Sheet Video Data Essay Publications Our Methods Short Reads Tools & Datasets Experts About Us Research Topics Publications Short Reads Tools & Datasets About Pew Research Center Newsletters Press My Account Contacted By Us? Search Read Our Research On: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Home > Research Topics International Affairs U.S. Global Image European Union International Political Values Global Health + More Topic Spotlight Russia-Ukraine War: A majority of Americans are not confident that Donald Trump can make wise decisions regarding the Russia-Ukraine war, according to an August survey. ( Read the short read ) Views of the U.S.: Amid low confidence in Trump, views of the U.S. have declined among many nations included in our 24-country survey. ( Read the report ) Views of China: More people globally now see China as the world’s leading economic power, yet views of the country and its president remain broadly negative. ( Read the report ) report Oct 15, 2025 How People Around the World View AI Most adults across 25 countries are aware of AI, and people are generally more concerned than excited about its effects on daily life. report Sep 15, 2025 People Around the World Want Political Change, but Many Doubt It Can Happen short read Sep 5, 2025 United Nations seen favorably by many across 25 countries report Aug 19, 2025 International Opinion on Global Threats Sign up for our Global newsletter Delivered twice a month Thank you for subscribing! Processing… All International Affairs Publications Filtered by: Reset Refine Your Results short reads Dec 22, 2025 Younger Americans are less likely than others to support an active role for the U.S. in world affairs Overall, 53% of Americans say it is extremely or very important for the U.S. to take an active role in world affairs. short reads Dec 9, 2025 Striking findings from 2025 Here’s a look back at 2025 through 12 of our most striking research findings. short reads Dec 1, 2025 People who trust others tend to support international cooperation more than those who don’t In many countries outside the U.S., those with higher levels of social trust are also more likely to view several international organizations positively. report Nov 24, 2025 German Views of the U.S.-Germany Relationship Turn Sharply Negative Nearly three-quarters of German adults say relations with the United States are bad, while only 24% of U.S adults say the same of relations with Germany. report Nov 13, 2025 South Africans See Their Country’s Influence Weakening Ahead of G20 Economic optimism remains low in South Africa but is improving. Adults there increasingly see China favorably and value economic ties with China. report Nov 5, 2025 People in Middle-Income Countries Say Climate Change Is Affecting Their Community Large majorities in nine middle-income countries say global climate change is affecting their community. About half or more in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico see a great deal of impact. short reads Oct 8, 2025 In many countries, views of the national economy are closely related to partisanship In nearly all the countries we surveyed, supporters of the governing party view their economy more positively than nonsupporters. report Oct 3, 2025 How Americans View the Israel-Hamas Conflict 2 Years Into the War About six-in-ten now say they have an unfavorable view of the Israeli government, with a rising share saying Israel is “going too far.” short reads Sep 22, 2025 Opinions of the EU remain mostly favorable across 25 countries A median of 62% of adults across 25 surveyed countries say they have a favorable opinion of the EU. Another 32% have an unfavorable view of the organization. short reads Sep 5, 2025 8 in 10 Israelis view United Nations unfavorably This year, only 16% of Israelis have a favorable view of the UN – the lowest level in surveys going back to 2007. 1 2 3 … 134 Next Page → REfine Your Selection Date + More Years Formats + More Regions & Countries + More Research Teams Authors Signature Reports report Dec 6, 2023 Attitudes on an Interconnected World How close do people feel to others around the world? How much do they want their countries involved in international affairs? How do people’s experiences with travel and feelings of international connectedness relate to their views about the world? A recent 24-nation survey explores these questions. report Feb 28, 2024 Representative Democracy Remains a Popular Ideal, but People Around the World Are Critical of How It’s Working A 24-country survey finds a median of 59% are dissatisfied with how their democracy is functioning, and 74% think elected officials don’t care what people like them think. report Mar 13, 2024 What Can Improve Democracy? Amid growing discontent with the state of democracy globally, we asked over 30,000 people what changes would make their democracy work better. report Jul 2, 2024 NATO Seen Favorably in Member States; Confidence in Zelenskyy Down in Europe, U.S. NATO is seen more positively than not across 13 member states. And global confidence in Ukraine’s leader has become more mixed since last year. Features data essay Mar 13, 2024 How People in 24 Countries Think Democracy Can Improve short read May 1, 2024 Who are the oldest – and youngest – current world leaders? data essay Nov 6, 2023 Comparing Views of the U.S. and China in 24 Countries data essay Mar 8, 2023 How Young Adults Want Their Country To Engage With the World 901 E St. NW, Suite 300 Washington, DC 20004 USA (+1) 202-419-4300 | Main (+1) 202-857-8562 | Fax (+1) 202-419-4372 | Media Inquiries Research Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Follow Us Email Newsletters YouTube Instagram Facebook LinkedIn X Bluesky Threads RSS Feed ABOUT PEW RESEARCH CENTER Pew Research Center is a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping the world. It does not take policy positions. The Center conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, computational social science research and other data-driven research. Pew Research Center is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts , its primary funder. © 2026 Pew Research Center About Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Careers Contact Us Privacy Notice We use cookies and other technologies to help improve your experience; some are necssary for the site to work, and some are optional. Lean more in our privacy policy . Essential Cookies These cookies are required for the website to function and cannot be switched off. Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. Marketing Cookies These cookies are used to track your activity and show you personalized content. Preferences These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make. Accept All Cookies Accept only necessary cookies Cookie Settings Save Preferences Notifications