Publications | Pew Research Center Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Newsletters Press My Account Donate Contacted By Us? Read our research on: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Search Research Topics Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Full Topic List Regions & Countries Asia & the Pacific Europe & Russia Latin America Middle East & North Africa North America Sub-Saharan Africa Multiple Regions / Worldwide Formats Feature Fact Sheet Video Data Essay Publications Our Methods Short Reads Tools & Datasets Experts About Us Research Topics Publications Short Reads Tools & Datasets About Pew Research Center Newsletters Press My Account Contacted By Us? Search Read Our Research On: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Publications Filtered by: Reset Refine Your Results short reads Dec 22, 2025 Younger Americans are less likely than others to support an active role for the U.S. in world affairs Overall, 53% of Americans say it is extremely or very important for the U.S. to take an active role in world affairs. short reads Dec 19, 2025 U.S. stands out globally in how it draws legislative districts Among 107 democracies, we found that only one other country uses the same redistricting approach as the U.S. short reads Dec 16, 2025 Trump has already issued more executive orders in his second term than in his first Before Trump, the last time a president surpassed 100 executive orders in the first year of a term was 1945, when Harry Truman took over the presidency after FDR’s death. report Dec 15, 2025 Why Do Some Americans Leave Their Religion While Others Stay? A majority of adults still identify with their childhood religion, but 35% don’t. Read about when and why Americans may switch faiths or stay. short reads Dec 15, 2025 Growing shares say the Trump administration is doing ‘too much’ to deport immigrants in the U.S. illegally Overall, 50% of adults disapprove of the Trump administration’s approach to immigration, including 36% who strongly disapprove. short reads Dec 15, 2025 Our favorite data visualizations of 2025 In this post, we’ll highlight a few of our favorite visuals from 2025 and walk through how we made them and what makes them successful. short reads Dec 11, 2025 Far more Americans say they’d like to live in the past than in the future 45% of U.S. adults say that if they could choose, they would live sometime in the past, while 14% say they’d live sometime in the future. short reads Dec 10, 2025 Most Americans say government has a responsibility to ensure health care coverage Most Americans (66%) say the federal government has a responsibility to make sure all Americans have health care coverage. report Dec 9, 2025 Teens, Social Media and AI Chatbots 2025 Roughly one-in-five U.S. teens say they are on TikTok and YouTube almost constantly. At the same time, 64% of teens say they use chatbots, including about three-in-ten who do so daily. short reads Dec 9, 2025 Striking findings from 2025 Here’s a look back at 2025 through 12 of our most striking research findings. 1 2 3 … 1,632 Next Page → REfine Your Selection Date + More Years Formats + More Regions & Countries + More Topics + More Research Teams Authors 901 E St. NW, Suite 300 Washington, DC 20004 USA (+1) 202-419-4300 | Main (+1) 202-857-8562 | Fax (+1) 202-419-4372 | Media Inquiries Research Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Follow Us Email Newsletters YouTube Instagram Facebook LinkedIn X Bluesky Threads RSS Feed ABOUT PEW RESEARCH CENTER Pew Research Center is a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping the world. It does not take policy positions. The Center conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, computational social science research and other data-driven research. Pew Research Center is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts , its primary funder. © 2025 Pew Research Center About Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Careers Contact Us Privacy Notice We use cookies and other technologies to help improve your experience; some are necssary for the site to work, and some are optional. Lean more in our privacy policy . Essential Cookies These cookies are required for the website to function and cannot be switched off. Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. Marketing Cookies These cookies are used to track your activity and show you personalized content. Preferences These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make. Accept All Cookies Accept only necessary cookies Cookie Settings Save Preferences Notifications