Home - Pexi Adserving Platform Login Register Showcase Customer Service Documentation The most advanced dynamic adserver Create, test and optimize your dynamic impactful campaigns Contact us Learn more Showcase Template HPTO TOTO Men In Green Discover more HPTO Videoland (RTL) DSLab Discover more SKIN Kiosk.nl (DPG Media) PINK Discover more Discover our features Learn how Pexi can help your brand stand out with unique high impact rich media formats. Feed management Effortlessly organize and optimize your ad feeds for maximum impact. Pexi simplifies feed management, ensuring timely updates and precise targeting for effective ad campaigns. Automation ads Seamlessly integrate your advertising efforts with external platforms and systems, streamlining workflows and enhancing campaign efficiency. Editor The editor allows for easy customization of images and text within banners, making each banner function more like a flexible template rather than a static creative. Dynamic advertising Unlock the potential of dynamic advertising with our innovative feature. Tailor your ads in real-time based on user behavior, preferences, and context, ensuring maximum relevance and engagement. Templates Elevate your advertising with our rich media templates feature. From eye-catching animations to immersive multimedia experiences, stand out and captivate your audience with dynamic content that leaves a lasting impression. Rich media Effortlessly organize and optimize your ad feeds for maximum impact. Pexi simplifies feed management, ensuring timely updates and precise targeting for effective ad campaigns. Connections Seamlessly integrate your advertising efforts with external platforms and systems, streamlining workflows and enhancing campaign efficiency. Learn more Some numbers about Pexi Every day, Pexi delivers millions of ads across a wide range of platforms — always striving to keep response times well below industry benchmarks. Our reliable technology and consistent performance have earned the trust of hundreds of top-tier clients who count on us to deliver their campaigns effectively. Learn more 30 ms Ads response time (benchmark: 115ms) 150+ Advertisers 7931185 Ads served today Demo or Trial? Pexi offers free demos of our platform with no strings attached — and you can also try it out yourself at no cost. Curious about a demo or test account? Just get in touch, we’re happy to help. See what Pexi can do for you. Get in contact with our team. support@pexi.nl +31 (0)50 211 01 51 Control your data and campaigns. Menu Showcase Customer Service Documentation Links Privacy Policy Status Contact details Groningen Gedempte Zuiderdiep 24 Groningen Amsterdam Van Eeghenstraat 98 Amsterdam ©2025 - Pexi BV Pexi is part of PINK