Performance Food Group About History Locations Leadership Making a Difference News Segments Foodservice Specialty Convenience Corporate Responsibility Investors Careers Benefits Job Search Our People Why PFG Connect Contact Us Social Media EXPANSION IN CONVENIENCE CHANNEL PFG welcomes Core-Mark to its family of companies. Learn More PFG Q1 2026 Results Listen to an archived webcast of PFG's first-quarter fiscal year 2026 earnings. Learn More Committed To Giving Back PFG is a company that cares. Learn about the many ways we enjoy giving back to our communities. LEARN MORE Strengthening our Business Performance Food Group provides update on partnerships and corporate actions. LEARN MORE Changing The Industry Vistar's Good To Go program is revolutionizing the vending industry by making it easy to find natural & organic products. Learn more A Decade "With You" Contigo® — one of foodservice’s fastest growing brands — nears a milestone Learn more A Trusted Leader In The Foodservice Industry More than 100 years of experience and adaptation We deliver success through a blend of proven expertise and willingness to embrace change. Yes, we started delivering food in 1885, but we’ve never stopped moving or rested on our laurels. We are always looking for fresh ideas, simple solutions and new ways to serve our customers, while using the knowledge we’ve gained to streamline our operations and processes. That’s why our customers count on us for safety and efficiency, but also to show them what’s coming next. Jamie Guadagnino Developing Your Future Jamie Guadagnino, Vice President of Sales, Vistar Jamie Guadagnino began her journey with PFG over 20 years ago as a Customer Service Representative. She advanced through a variety of positions over the years and through hard work and commitment, she is now Vice President of Sales, Vistar. I value the trust and investment that PFG places in my development. I still have much to learn in my current role, and look forward to working here for many more years to come. Careers Find the right job PFG is a great place to start and build a career. We hire in a variety of fields. Drivers Warehouse Sales Finance Supply Chain Marketing Human Resources Information Technology Procurement Search For Jobs Delivering Success With A Focus On Innovation We find flexible, efficient solutions for our customers Everything we do is built around ensuring our customers’ businesses thrive. We started delivering food in 1885 and over the years have re-invented ourselves time and again to stay ahead of the industry. That’s why our customers don’t just see us as order takers; they see us as success makers. Our Segments Foodservice Specialty Convenience EXPLORE PFG GROW TO-GO Delivery isn’t just for pizza anymore. Today’s diners are looking for variety when it comes to takeout. Are you cashing in on the to-go phenomenon? GROW YOUR BUSINESS VISTAR'S APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY Vistar is dedicated to implementing new sustainable practices in a continued effort to reduce energy usage and waste. GROW YOUR BUSINESS HELPING THOSE IN NEED PFG is doing its part to help end hunger through donations of time, food and funds. LEARN MORE LEARN MORE ABOUT PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP Our customers don't see us as order takers. They see us as success makers. Learn why in our latest video. Watch the video SOCIAL Connect with Us We’re happy to answer questions or share information about our products and services. Contact PFG Corporate Performance Food Group 12500 West Creek Parkway Richmond, VA 23238 (804) 484-7700 Our Locations Contact Media Connect With Us Additional Inquiries Contact Us Segments Foodservice Distribution National Chain Distribution Specialty Convenience Links About Our Segments Investors Press Releases Careers Connect Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection | Supplier Terms & Conditions | Contact Us | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | © Copyright 2025 Performance Food Group