Peter G. Peterson Foundation Skip to content The Fiscal Challenge Our National Debt Understanding The Federal Budget Issues See all issues › Fiscal Outlook Healthcare Social Programs The U.S. Budget Defense Spending Policy Proposals Individual Taxes Corporate Taxes Economic Outlook Democracy Programs & Projects See all programs › Advancing Fiscal Policy Engaging Young Americans Strengthening Our Democracy Convening Experts Resources Press Grants About About the Peterson Foundation Our Founder Careers Subscribe SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Register with us to become part of an important movement to develop long-term, nonpartisan fiscal solutions for a healthy growing economy. By signing up, you’ll receive our email newsletter with relevant and timely information on economic and fiscal policy. Email (Required) Consent By clicking Sign Up, you agree to these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy . Our Sites National Debt Clock Peterson Center on Healthcare Peterson Health Technology Institute Peterson Philanthropies Peterson Solutions Fund Up to Us Twitter - Peterson Foundation Facebook - Peterson Foundation Youtube - Peterson Foundation Linkedin - Peterson Foundation Press Grants About About the Peterson Foundation Our Founder Careers Subscribe SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Register with us to become part of an important movement to develop long-term, nonpartisan fiscal solutions for a healthy growing economy. By signing up, you’ll receive our email newsletter with relevant and timely information on economic and fiscal policy. Email (Required) Consent By clicking Sign Up, you agree to these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy . Our Sites National Debt Clock Peterson Center on Healthcare Peterson Health Technology Institute Peterson Philanthropies Peterson Solutions Fund Up to Us Twitter - Peterson Foundation Facebook - Peterson Foundation Youtube - Peterson Foundation Linkedin - Peterson Foundation Subscribe SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Register with us to become part of an important movement to develop long-term, nonpartisan fiscal solutions for a healthy growing economy. By signing up, you’ll receive our email newsletter with relevant and timely information on economic and fiscal policy. Email (Required) Consent By clicking Sign Up, you agree to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy . The Fiscal Challenge Our National Debt Understand the U.S. national debt, why it matters, and what we can do. Understanding the Federal Budget Learn about the budget, how it’s created, and how we can fix our budgeting process. $38T National Debt $1.8T FY25 Deficit Issues Fiscal Outlook The U.S. Budget Policy Proposals Individual Taxes Corporate Taxes Democracy Healthcare Social Programs Defense Spending Economic Outlook See all Issues Programs and Projects Advancing Fiscal Solutions Engaging Young Americans Strengthening Our Democracy Convening Experts See all Programs Resources America's fiscal challenges are serious, but they can be solved We can choose a better path — a path of stabilized debt, faster economic growth, broader prosperity, and enhanced economic opportunity and mobility for all. Learn More Fiscal Outlook Expert Views: Lessons from History for America Today Social Programs Can We Raise the Retirement Age and Protect Vulnerable Workers? Some policy options aim to protect economically vulnerable workers or those who are unable to delay retirement because they work in physically demanding occupations. Economic Outlook What Types of Securities Does the Treasury Issue? Learn about the different types of Treasury securities issued to the public as well as trends in interest rates and maturity terms. Economic Outlook 7 Key Trends in Poverty in the United States Thirteen percent of the U.S. population lives in poverty. Learn more about the demographic and regional variations in the poverty rate. Healthcare How Does the Federal Government Subsidize Healthcare Under the ACA — and What Does It Cost? Take a closer look at the coverage options and costs associated with ACA subsidies, and how they fit into overall healthcare spending. Featured Programs and Projects All Projects & Programs Peterson Philanthropies Impact Report Explore how our organizations address key challenges for America’s future. Strengthening Democracy We work to strengthen and build trust in our democracy, fostering the conditions that support constructive policymaking. Fiscal Internship Program College students can apply now for paid summer internships at some of the country's most prestigious think tanks. Get Involved Register with us to become part of an important movement to develop long-term fiscal solutions for a healthy growing economy. By signing up, you’ll receive our email newsletter with relevant and timely information on economic and fiscal policy. Email (Required) Take action Learn what you can do. Explore Read and share insights on the issues we face. Twitter - Peterson Foundation Facebook - Peterson Foundation Youtube - Peterson Foundation Linkedin - Peterson Foundation the foundation Home Issues Press about About Our Founder Careers Our Organizations Copyright © 2025 Peter G. Peterson Foundation.  All rights reserved. Copyright Policy | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Permissions