PGYER - Beta App Hosting Distribution Pgyer internal test distribution service is a leading mobile application internal test distribution platform in China, dedicated to providing easy-to-use App internal test distribution services for mobile developers and test users. Product Introduction Upload App Quickly upload the app to the platform Price Quickly get the service price UDID Get iOS device UDID in one step Pgyer Open API Easily manage apps with API Pgyer applet Manage upload apps easily Mac Speed Uploader Quickly upload app to Pgyer Fastlane plugin Upload app to Pgyer using Fastlane plugin Jenkins plugin Use it to upload app to Pgyer App ICP record Professional fast filing Icon online production Simply make your own app icon Icon/startup cropping Auto Crop iOS/Android App Launcher Plist online production Simply fill and instantly created Bug Seek Get test report within 48 hours Compatibility Test We have thousands of primary real machine Security Test Ssecurity risks and provide repair suggestions App hardening Prevent app decompilation and secondary packaging Privacy compliance More than 95% privacy compliance review pass rate Android Upload Apps Upload more than 20 app stores at once ASO optimization Let the APP be seen by more real users Text QR code Static/dynamic text QR codes URL QR code Quickly open the web page Document QR code view/download files anytime, anywhere Picture QR code Display pictures in various formats Audio/video QR code Scan the code to watch Business card QR code Scan the code to save the business card App QR code Scan the code to download and install the App Services Pgyer Developer Service Platform is committed to providing excellent upstream and downstream services for developers, addressing the various needs of developers throughout the developer life cycle. Tracup A next-gen task management service. CodeFever Efficient enterprise-level Git management tool Bug Seek Get test report within 48 hours Compatibility Test We have thousands of primary real machine Security Test Ssecurity risks and provide repair suggestions App hardening Prevent app decompilation and secondary packaging Privacy compliance More than 95% privacy compliance review pass rate Android Upload Apps Upload more than 20 app stores at once ASO optimization Let the APP be seen by more real users Software copyright Quickly obtain software copyright Task management service Help you connect the whole company, connect tasks, communication, documents, codes and other work scenarios to plan, track and release excellent software for you. Make a plan Track up tasks Kanban view Wiki Web Monitoring Monitor your website in real time in all aspects, help to fix problems quickly, maintain website quality, and guide to improve user experience. running status monitoring abnormal information summary performance test report Small Program Monitoring One line of code, the same integration method, easy to handle the integrated monitoring of small programs on various platforms. WeChat Mini Program Alipay Mini Program Douyin Mini Program Easy Integration Game Monitor The game performance monitoring platform is a cloud service that monitors and analyzes game performance and faults in real time, helping game developers quickly locate and analyze problems. Cocos Creator Massive throughput Auto detection Smart analysis CodeFever The public cloud version of the code warehouse platform provides light, stable and efficient code management services. Cloud Warehouse Branch Protection Code Review Security CodeFever Community A completely free and open source code hosting warehouse, with independent control over installation, deployment and code management. Totally Free MIT License Open Source Independent Intellectual Property Quick Installation 使用Tracup中的时间阻塞，提升工作效率（完整指南） 2022-05-07 88 如何使用Tracup拯救疫情隔绝中的团队 2022-04-25 8 Tracup丨最全面的提高工作效率的技巧和妙招 2022-04-25 94 内测分发是什么意思？方式有哪些？ 2022-03-11 51 Tracup如何让300万开发者工作卓有成效？ 2021-12-13 10 FAQ Frequently Asked Questions for Developers Upload and install Learn how to upload apps or add UDID Application Management Application management and settings Review documents App audit specifications and common problems API 2.0 2.0 Interface description and common problems 更多阅读 iOS 应用安装失败原因排查 蒲公英 SDK 下载 蒲公英 API 2.0 iOS 应用签名证书的类型说明 分发模式介绍 蒲公英 Webhook 设置指南 项目成员说明 Tracup 项目仓库功能介绍 Tracup 问题类型说明 Tracup 开放 API 说明 Tracup SDK 集成指南 Tracup Webhook 介绍 如何进行 FrontJS 项目集成 产生 Script error 消息的原因说明 Apdex 应用性能指数介绍 FrontJS 项目概览 FrontJS 获取异常信息说明 FrontJS支持Source Map Sign In Sign Up Toggle navigation Upload Distribution Distribution Get UDID Price Services Document Sign In Sign Up Upload Upload Get UDID Price Toolbox Document Services Tracup Free registration Sign In Sign In Sign Up Scan QR code to follow Pgyer WeChat Official Account Get the latest news, official benefits, promotions and other information Free beta app distribution service We committed to provide comprehensive, efficient, safe and stable developer services for the majority of developers. We have the domestic leading application test distribution platform. We committed to provide comprehensive, efficient, safe and stable developer services for the majority of developers. Publish Pgyer Beta app distribution Tracup Task management service Efficient, safe and stable service Hot products App Service Test Tools Distribution Leading beta app distribution service without any limits Tracup Next-gen task management service, collaboration should be simple CodeFever Lightweight code repository hosting service, an alternative to github Expert Test Professional solution of App testing online by experts Android Upload Apps Upload more than 20 app stores at once ASO optimization Let the APP be seen by more real users Promotion Quickly increase App exposure Compatibility test We have thousands of primary real machine Safety test Ssecurity risks and provide repair suggestions Bug Seek Get test report within 48 hours Iterated Bug seek Full-time real test and 2 regression tests Live team testing service Professional test team full service Get UDID Scan the QR code to get UDID iOS certificate detection Fill in the link to check if lost Pgyer Open API Easily manage apps with API Mac Speed Uploader Quickly upload app to Pgyer Fastlane plugin Upload app to Pgyer using Fastlane plugin Jenkins plugin Use it to upload app to Pgyer Icon online production Simply make your own app icon Plist online production Simply fill and instantly created Icon/startup cropping Auto Crop iOS/Android App Launcher Pgyer client Help manage historical versions Pgyer applet Manage upload apps easily 600 Million Users, Solutions for over 6,000,000+ users worldwide, just one account for all of the Pgyer services Free registration Effective beta app testing and distribution services Distribution API Client Beta apps distribution Distribution Efficient distribution can be achieved, Android iOS HarmonyOS models can automatically identify the app after scanning the QR code. Not only to provide you with 7*24 hours non-stop distribution of the test efficient automatic monitor 7×24 API Upload apps easily No need to log in, We makes it easy for developers to upload and manage applications, and easy for distribution. Upload app Install app Get information Change settings Check updates Client Upload apps easily We dedicated to providing developers with fast and simple beta apps distribution platform, and to meet the different use scenarios of developers. WeChat Mini Program Fast upload tool for macos Read more Beta apps distribution Distribution Efficient distribution can be achieved, Android iOS HarmonyOS models can automatically identify the app after scanning the QR code. Not only to provide you with 7*24 hours non-stop distribution of the test efficient automatic monitor 7×24 Read more API Upload apps easily No need to log in, We makes it easy for developers to upload and manage applications, and easy for distribution. Upload app Install app Get information Change settings Check updates Read more Client Upload apps easily We dedicated to providing developers with fast and simple beta apps distribution platform, and to meet the different use scenarios of developers. WeChat Mini Program Fast upload tool for macos Read more Enterprise Service Open Platform Bringing high-quality services Apply through the service provider to settle in And self-collection, currently has Collection of many  high-quality developer services. Real user reviews Service reviews are based on real user review data and strict audits to help users understand the real situation of the service through reviews. Cover all areas The service covers almost all developer fields to ensure that when developers encounter any problems, they can find solutions through the platform. Professional Service Consultation The platform provides one-to-one service consultation, which will help users to further understand the service matching situation. Read more World global service We provide products and services to more than 600 million users and 20 million apps over 221 countries Solutions To provide customers with expert online consulting and other full life cycle customized solutions Safty We have the service qualification of safety compliance, which meets the public expectation Data security is our most important commitment to you Safety certifications Stable Cloud disk data reliability is not less than 99.99%, automatic shutdown migration, automatic multi-line backup, safe and convenient data recovery Security Data transmission and storage are strictly encrypted. High-defense server, Web firewall, anti-violence crack technology to ensure data security Safeguard Data is permanently preserved without loss, providing complete storage and security solutions for business development in a sustainable way Pgyer Memorabilia, has been working with developers worldwide We never stop. Life should not be wasted on boring things. Pgyer brings you more than that 2014 2014 In July, Pgyer was established as an independent company, focusing on the test field of distribution business. 2015 In September, Pgyer obtained A series investment of ten million from Infinox Angel Fund and Innovation Valley. 2016 2016 In May, Tracup went online . Focus on creating the most concise and efficient Bug tracking system. 2018 2018 In November, Tracup Enterprise went online. 2019 In June, Tracup supported the Time view (Gantt Chart) feature. 2020 2020 In May, the knowledge base management system——Seed and the code repository——CodeFever was launched. 2021 In August, the privacy compliance testing and Pgyer Enterprise Service Open Platform was launched. Sharing knowledge with developers Growth log, FAQ, actual combat dry goods, learning and growing, sharing, co-building Updates Read more Feature update: Pgyer WebHook Feature update: mobile identity authentication Devs Read more Real-name authentication document Frequently asked questions for developers Help Read more Upload App UDID for iOS devices More questions? Send Ticket > Users' Suggestions made us who we are Mr Song · Mobike TPM As a very convenient installation package distribution channels, they provides API can be used in CI integration, can be easily and efficiently distributed in private and in public，which greatly improve the efficiency of our development team work, to eliminate all the middle of the tedious steps, so that we can better focus our time and energy on the improvement and optimization of the App. Hamber · 「Instant」developer Pgyer is the best choice of domestic distribution platform, fast speed and interface specification, version and authority management is very convenient. Mr Liu Fei · 「Tuniu」developer Before we did not use Pgyer, we are done by own server, but this way will bring a lot of problems. After using Pgyer, it greatly liberated the developer's hands, improved the experience of using enterprise packages, and historical versions can be viewed and saved at any time. It's really convenient to use control variables to find bugs. Efficient and stable app distribution for enterprises Ready to release your beta app? Register for free now , the account will available for our all services. Notice: 1. Pgyer makes every effort to combat and prevent Internet telecom fraud crimes in accordance with the law. It is strictly forbidden to upload financial loans, financial storage, and suspected Internet telecom fraud. "Pgyer Application Review Rules" .
2. In order to regulate the personal information collection behavior of mobile Internet applications (App), Pgyer developers are requested to consciously abide by "Common Types Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Mobile Internet Applications" , apps that seriously violate this provision will be deleted. About Us About Us Privacy Policy Terms of use Product Services CodeFever SDK App Bug Tracker API Help Documents Send Ticket Report App Language English 中文 English Русский Français Deutsch Italiano 日本語 Polski español ภาษาไทย 繁體中文 +86 4008660210 service@pgyer.com Copyright © 2025 Pgyer 陕ICP备15010407号 × prompt Your account information is under review and can not be used temporarily; you can: Check out the help documentation for common ways to work on the Pgyer's platform; Check Pgyer's App Auditing , which must be viewed before uploading. certification × prompt Currently, the real-name authentication has not been completed, and the number of downloads for each version is limited to 0 times/day, After real-name authentication, it can be extended to 500 times/day Click here to authenticate × Please verify the account first You need to verify the account first Cancel Go To verify × Please Add Ticket verify the account Please Add Ticket verify the account Cancel Add Ticket × prompt TestFlight is only available to Professional users.（ Click understand pgyer's price plan ） Cancel upgrade × prompt 确定 × 支付成功 Invite you to join WeChat group chat: Pgyer VIP User Group (Please open WeChat - Sweep and join the group chat)