Home | Phaidon You may also like... You may also like... Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Annie Leibovitz with essays by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Susan Sontag and Gloria Steinem From £79.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Tom Kundig: Complete Houses Tom Kundig, edited by Dung Ngo £79.95 View Product Link to Tom Kundig: Complete Houses Signed Edition Danielle Mckinney: Beyond the Brushstroke Danielle Mckinney, with text by Barbara Mckinney From £34.95 View Product Link to Danielle Mckinney: Beyond the Brushstroke Pre-order The First Homosexuals: The Birth of a New Identity 1869-1939 Jonathan D. Katz £54.95 View Product Link to The First Homosexuals: The Birth of a New Identity 1869-1939 Mokonuts: The Cookbook Moko Hirayama and Omar Koreitem, with forewords by David Lebovitz and Dorie Greenspan £34.95 View Product Link to Mokonuts: The Cookbook Signed Edition Recipes from the American South Michael W. Twitty From £39.95 View Product Link to Recipes from the American South The Contemporary Garden Phaidon Editors with an introduction by Annie Guilfoyle and texts by Sorrel Everton, Tovah Martin, et al £44.95 View Product Link to The Contemporary Garden Pre-order Signed Edition Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Jenny Walton From £39.95 View Product Link to Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Signed Edition Nina Chanel Abney Texts by Richard J. Powell, Thelma Golden, and Jazmine Hughes, and an interview by Jeffrey Deitch From £49.95 View Product Link to Nina Chanel Abney Signed Edition Jordan Casteel Legacy Russell, Asma Naeem, Katherine Brinson From £39.95 View Product Link to Jordan Casteel Basket Saved Your Basket is Empty Continue shopping You may also like... You may also like... Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Annie Leibovitz with essays by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Susan Sontag and Gloria Steinem From £79.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Tom Kundig: Complete Houses Tom Kundig, edited by Dung Ngo £79.95 View Product Link to Tom Kundig: Complete Houses Signed Edition Danielle Mckinney: Beyond the Brushstroke Danielle Mckinney, with text by Barbara Mckinney From £34.95 View Product Link to Danielle Mckinney: Beyond the Brushstroke Pre-order The First Homosexuals: The Birth of a New Identity 1869-1939 Jonathan D. Katz £54.95 View Product Link to The First Homosexuals: The Birth of a New Identity 1869-1939 Mokonuts: The Cookbook Moko Hirayama and Omar Koreitem, with forewords by David Lebovitz and Dorie Greenspan £34.95 View Product Link to Mokonuts: The Cookbook Signed Edition Recipes from the American South Michael W. Twitty From £39.95 View Product Link to Recipes from the American South The Contemporary Garden Phaidon Editors with an introduction by Annie Guilfoyle and texts by Sorrel Everton, Tovah Martin, et al £44.95 View Product Link to The Contemporary Garden Pre-order Signed Edition Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Jenny Walton From £39.95 View Product Link to Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Signed Edition Nina Chanel Abney Texts by Richard J. Powell, Thelma Golden, and Jazmine Hughes, and an interview by Jeffrey Deitch From £49.95 View Product Link to Nina Chanel Abney Signed Edition Jordan Casteel Legacy Russell, Asma Naeem, Katherine Brinson From £39.95 View Product Link to Jordan Casteel Subtotal (0 items) £0.00 One or more of the items in your cart is a recurring or deferred purchase. By continuing, I agree to the cancellation policy and authorize you to charge my payment method at the prices, frequency and dates listed on this page until my order is fulfilled or I cancel, if permitted. Checkout Express Checkout Options Share Shop our End-of-Year Sale. Save up to 40% off select books and 20% off select limited-edition artworks. * Discount applied at checkout. Use code OPRAH to save 20% on Annie Leibovitz: Women – selected for Oprah's Favorite Things 2025 Shop our End-of-Year Sale. Save up to 40% off select books and 20% off select limited-edition artworks. * Discount applied at checkout. Use code OPRAH to save 20% on Annie Leibovitz: Women – selected for Oprah's Favorite Things 2025 Shop our End-of-Year Sale. Save up to 40% off select books and 20% off select limited-edition artworks. * Discount applied at checkout. Use code OPRAH to save 20% on Annie Leibovitz: Women – selected for Oprah's Favorite Things 2025 Shop our End-of-Year Sale. Save up to 40% off select books and 20% off select limited-edition artworks. * Discount applied at checkout. Use code OPRAH to save 20% on Annie Leibovitz: Women – selected for Oprah's Favorite Things 2025 0 Account 0 0 Account 0 New Arrivals All New Arrivals New Books New Children's Books New Art Editions New Signed Books Shipping Now: Vitra 'An essential account of contemporary design history.' – Wallpaper* , Best Gifts for Design Devotees Buy the book The 'Garden Book of the Year' Named a 'Best Garden Book of the Year' by Gardens Illustrated , The Times , and Royal Horticultural Society Magazine Buy the book 'Even the padded hot-pink cover feels squeezable.' – New York Times The world of twin multimedia artists Nikolai and Simon Haas, captured in vibrant, tactile images. Signed copies available exclusively from Phaidon.com. Buy the book Books Shop All Books Bestsellers Shop by Category Architecture Art Children's Books Cookbooks, Food, and Drink Design Fashion, Photography, and Pop Culture Flower, Garden, and Landscape Interior Design Signed Books Book Collections A Financial Times Best Book of the Year Celebrate the feminist history of interior design. Learn more Back-in-Stock Bestsellers Explore customer favorites, newly re-stocked and ready to ship. Shop now Phaidon Exclusive: Signed Books Discover books signed by your favorite authors, available in limited quantities from Phaidon.com. Explore all signed books Children's Books Shop all Phaidon Kids Bestsellers Shop by Age Ages 0–3 Ages 3–5 Ages 5–8 Ages 8–12 Baby Gifts Phaidon Kids Collections Gifts for Creative Kids Surprise and delight the children in your life. Shop all bestsellers A Complete Guide to the Cosmos 'A great gift for the space nerd in your life, no matter how old they are.' – American Scientist Buy now Fun (and Free!) Activities for Children Download our free printable pack of games, art prompts, and other activities inspired by our beloved children's books. Get the activity pack Limited Editions Shop All Limited Editions Art Editions Shop by type Prints Photographs Sculptures Shop All Collectors’ Edition Books Signed Books Tom Sachs Limited-Edition Bag A limited-edition bag designed by the artist for everyday use. Only 20 available to purchase. Buy now Phaidon Exclusive: Signed Books Discover books signed by your favorite authors, available in limited quantities from Phaidon.com. Explore all signed books HADI FALAPISHI, Love Bomb (Persian Cat), 2025 AVAILABLE NOW A vibrant new edition of 30 unique hand-embellished prints by Hadi Falapishi. View all unique editions Sale Stories Brands Phaidon Phaidon is the premier global publisher of the creative arts with over 1,500 titles in print. We work with the world’s most influential artists, chefs, writers, and thinkers to produce innovative books on art, photography, design, architecture, fashion, food, and travel, and illustrated books for children. Explore Phaidon Monacelli As a leading publisher of illustrated books for more than 25 years, Monacelli has challenged the conventions of publishing to produce provocative, inspiring, and essential titles on architecture, art, interior design, landscape and gardens, photography, and the applied arts. Explore Monacelli Artspace Artspace produces and publishes exclusive limited editions with today’s most exciting contemporary artists, in partnership with renowned cultural institutions and nonprofit organizations around the world. Explore Artspace Phaidon Kids Phaidon Kids works with the world’s most influential writers, illustrators, designers, and artists to publish bestselling, groundbreaking, and critically acclaimed children’s books on a range of topics – from astronomy and the natural world to cooking and the creative arts. Explore Phaidon Kids Search Previous searches Stories Your chance to own a Tom Sachs limited-edition bag Hadi Falapshi releases new edition with Artspace and Artadia Who are Max Rocha, Cig Harvey, Franco Pepe, and Iwan Baan giftng their books to? Who are Melanie Grant, Michael W. Twitty, Steven Guarnaccia, Dominic Bradbury, and Jackie Caradonio gifting their books to? Who are our Kids books illustrators and authors Lisk Feng, Sara Gillingham, Ferren Gipson, Helen Scales, and Sam Brewster gifting their books to? Who are John Pawson, Hugh Mangum, Jonathan Becker, Sonia Pulido, and Ben Mims gifting their books to? How Martin Parr sought to 'create fiction out of reality' Our book Nike Football Boots is the perfect fit for next year's FIFA World Cup Beauty and The American Art Book Robert A.M. Stern - the classicist who built the future Sex and The American Art Book Tara Walters on how her edition The Cathedrals of Central Park was partly inspired by the loss of her home in the LA fires Try Moko 'Mokonuts' Hirayama’s cookie recipe this Thanksgiving Wealth, Status, and The American Art Book Inquisitive kids will love Exploring the Universe Gloria Steinem, Susan Sontag, and Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie all feature in Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition (and Oprah just made it one of her Favorite Things) The American Art Book - three centuries of seminal and surprising artworks The Jewelry Book and Art Sterling Ruby: ‘There is something specific about the blue in this work. It feels ghostly to me. it’s like capturing the shadow of something.’ Franco Pepe, the pizza pro from Chef's Table, has an unusual (but healthy!) recipe for you Derrick Adams tells us about his new edition Fixing My Face, 2025 We celebrate 30 years of our Contemporary Artists Series with art star-studded parties in New York and London Juicy peaches, catfish, and heirloom collards – Michael W. Twitty taste tested the American South for you! Nina Chanel Abney creates Artspace’s first-ever NFT edition Photojournalist Jackie Caradonio tells us about The Inn Crowd Yoko Ono's New Artspace Edition Celebrates 30 Years of Phaidon's Contemporary Artists Series Anna Wintour’s elegant garden is just one of 300 creative outdoor spaces in The Contemporary Garden The Jewelry Book and History 30 things we learned from 30 years of Phaidon's Contemporary Artists Series monographs Michele Robecchi on 30 years of Phaidon's Contemporary Artists Series Yayoi Kusama on Sixties New York, Surviving Mental Illness and Why She's Never Thought About Feminism Kerry James Marshall: 'I never think of artworks as intended to mobilise people to action. But they do put questions in the mind of a viewer that they may not have entertained before.' Sterling Ruby:  'In America, often the response to negative aspects of the system is to retreat to platitudes about morals and family values. In this way nothing is achieved.' The Jewelry Book and Nature Alexandra Kaehler's 5 ways to make a house a home Jane Hall tells us about her latest book Making Space: Interior Design by Women When Irving Penn photographed Yves Saint Laurent Travel through Italy’s foodie landscape with The Silver Spoon There’s more to Italian food than pasta! 5 ingredients that make every Silver Spoon recipe special Family-friendly dishes from The Silver Spoon that are a joy to share with your loved ones How artist Rebecca Coles got inspired by the butterflies that flutter around her Somerset home When Richard Avedon photographed his father ‘When I'm looking at the flowers, they almost feel like moving jewellery.’ Nicole Wittenberg on her new edition Golden Rod and Queen Anne’s Lace, 2025. Take a look at how The First Homosexuals were represented in art From penthouses to palazzos – these hotels are the epitome of exceptional hospitality The story behind William Monk’s new lithograph, Mount Atom, 2025 Five Questions for Enrique Olvera Introducing – Annie Leibovitz: Women Introducing – The Jewelry Book Introducing – Yves Saint Laurent and Photography Pages Architecture Art Children's Books Cookbooks, Food, and Drink Design Fashion, Photography, and Pop Culture Flower, Garden, and Landscape Interior Design Products Trending Products Shop All Products No Search Results Please start typing to search... New Arrivals Shipping Now: Vitra 'An essential account of contemporary design history.' – Wallpaper* , Best Gifts for Design Devotees Buy the book The 'Garden Book of the Year' Named a 'Best Garden Book of the Year' by Gardens Illustrated , The Times , and Royal Horticultural Society Magazine Buy the book 'Even the padded hot-pink cover feels squeezable.' – New York Times The world of twin multimedia artists Nikolai and Simon Haas, captured in vibrant, tactile images. Signed copies available exclusively from Phaidon.com. Buy the book All New Arrivals New Books New Children's Books New Art Editions New Signed Books Books Shop all books Bestsellers Shop by category Architecture Art Children's Books Cookbooks, Food, and Drink Design Fashion, Photography, and Pop Culture Flower, Garden, and Landscape Interior Design Signed Books Book Collections Annie Leibovitz: Women 'Captures the many ways women are showing up today.’ – Michelle Obama In this two-volume collection of portraits, legendary photographer Annie Leibovitz presents a powerful celebration of women in all of their diversities. Available now Back-in-Stock Bestsellers Explore customer favorites, newly re-stocked and ready to ship. Shop now Phaidon Exclusive: Signed Books Discover books signed by your favorite authors, available in limited quantities from Phaidon.com. Explore all signed books Children's Books Shop All Phaidon Kids Shop by Age Ages 0–3 Ages 3–5 Ages 5–8 Ages 8–12 Baby Gifts Phaidon Kids Collections Gifts for Creative Kids Surprise and delight the children in your life. Shop all bestsellers A Complete Guide to the Cosmos 'A great gift for the space nerd in your life, no matter how old they are.' – American Scientist Buy now Fun (and Free!) Activities for Children Download our free printable pack of games, art prompts, and other activities inspired by our beloved children's books. Get the activity pack Limited Editions Shop All Limited Editions Art Editions Shop by type Prints Photographs Sculptures Shop All Collectors’ Edition Books Signed Books Limited-Edition Artworks Discover limited editions by the world's most exciting contemporary artists, including Dana Schutz, Rashid Johnson, Harland Miller, and more. Explore all art editions Phaidon Exclusive: Signed Books Discover books signed by your favorite authors, available in limited quantities from Phaidon.com. Explore all signed books HADI FALAPISHI, Love Bomb (Persian Cat), 2025 AVAILABLE NOW A vibrant new edition of 30 unique hand-embellished prints by Hadi Falapishi. View all unique editions Stories Brands Phaidon Phaidon is the premier global publisher of the creative arts with over 1,500 titles in print. We work with the world’s most influential artists, chefs, writers, and thinkers to produce innovative books on art, photography, design, architecture, fashion, food, and travel, and illustrated books for children. Explore Phaidon Monacelli As a leading publisher of illustrated books for more than 25 years, Monacelli has challenged the conventions of publishing to produce provocative, inspiring, and essential titles on architecture, art, interior design, landscape and gardens, photography, and the applied arts. Explore Monacelli Artspace Artspace produces and publishes exclusive limited editions with today’s most exciting contemporary artists, in partnership with renowned cultural institutions and nonprofit organizations around the world. Explore Artspace Phaidon Kids Phaidon Kids works with the world’s most influential writers, illustrators, designers, and artists to publish bestselling, groundbreaking, and critically acclaimed children’s books on a range of topics – from astronomy and the natural world to cooking and the creative arts. Explore Phaidon Kids 0 Saved Account South Korea Skip to content End-of-Year Sale Enjoy up to 40% off books and 20% off limited-edition artworks Shop the sale End-of-Year Sale 20% Off Shop all 20% off The Spanish Mediterranean Islands Cookbook Jeff Koehler £29.95 View Product Link to The Spanish Mediterranean Islands Cookbook 20% off BAO Erchen Chang, Shing Tat Chung, and Wai Ting Chung £29.95 View Product Link to BAO 20% off Sunny Days, Taco Nights: A Cookbook Enrique Olvera with Alonso Ruvalcaba £29.95 View Product Link to Sunny Days, Taco Nights: A Cookbook 20% off Where Chefs Eat: A Guide to Chefs' Favorite Restaurants Joe Warwick £19.95 View Product Link to Where Chefs Eat: A Guide to Chefs' Favorite Restaurants 20% off The Christmas Book Phaidon Editors with essays by Sam Bilton, Dolph Gotelli, and David Trigg £34.95 View Product Link to The Christmas Book 20% off Mangal II: Stories and Recipes Ferhat and Sertaç Dirik, with a foreword by Action Bronson £34.95 View Product Link to Mangal II: Stories and Recipes 20% off The Story of Art E.H. Gombrich £34.95 View Product Link to The Story of Art 20% off Garden: Exploring the Horticultural World Phaidon Editors, with an introduction by Matthew Biggs £44.95 View Product Link to Garden: Exploring the Horticultural World 20% off The Book of Pasta Academia Barilla, with Dalc√≤ Edizioni £34.95 View Product Link to The Book of Pasta 20% off Tree: Exploring the Arboreal World Phaidon Editors, with an introduction by Tony Kirkham £44.95 View Product Link to Tree: Exploring the Arboreal World 20% off Stone Houses Phaidon Editors £34.95 View Product Link to Stone Houses 20% off Real Food Martin Parr, with introduction by Fergus Henderson £14.95 View Product Link to Real Food AVAILABLE NOW A collection of 30 unique hand-painted limited-edition prints by Hadi Falapishi This new edition, Love Bomb (Persian Cat), brings together the key elements of Falapshi’s practice – bright color, bold lines, and mixed media. Explore the edition Sale Highlights: Food & Drink 20% off Where to Eat Pizza Daniel Young £16.95 View Product Link to Where to Eat Pizza 20% off Brae: Recipes and stories from the restaurant Dan Hunter £44.95 View Product Link to Brae: Recipes and stories from the restaurant 20% off Sunny Days, Taco Nights: A Cookbook Enrique Olvera with Alonso Ruvalcaba £29.95 View Product Link to Sunny Days, Taco Nights: A Cookbook 20% off The Book of Pasta Academia Barilla, with Dalc√≤ Edizioni £34.95 View Product Link to The Book of Pasta 20% off Where Chefs Eat: A Guide to Chefs' Favorite Restaurants Joe Warwick £19.95 View Product Link to Where Chefs Eat: A Guide to Chefs' Favorite Restaurants 20% off Mangal II: Stories and Recipes Ferhat and Sertaç Dirik, with a foreword by Action Bronson £34.95 View Product Link to Mangal II: Stories and Recipes 30% off Peru: The Cookbook Gastón Acurio £39.95 View Product Link to Peru: The Cookbook Art for Life Curate your space with exceptional works by the artists you love. Explore Artspace's exclusive Limited Editions, now available on Phaidon.com. Discover Artspace Browse by Category View all collections Art Cookbooks, Food, and Drink Interior Design Architecture Design Fashion, Photography, and Pop Culture Flower, Garden, and Landscape Children's Books What are you searching for? Search Search Popular Searches: Annie Leibovitz art surveys Mexico the Cookbook cookbooks for home cooks interior design fashion books KAWS cook in a book Contemporary Artists Series New and Next Shop new and upcoming books and limited editions Tom Sachs: Limited Edition Bag Tom Sachs £350.00 View Product Link to Limited-Edition Bag Pre-order Icons: 100 Extraordinary Objects from Sotheby's History Sotheby's £69.95 View Product Link to Icons: 100 Extraordinary Objects from Sotheby's History Hadi Falapishi: Love Bomb (Persian Cat) Edition 1/30 Hadi Falapishi £1,750.00 View Product Link to Love Bomb (Persian Cat) Edition 1/30 The Art Book: Mini Format Phaidon Editors £16.95 View Product Link to The Art Book: Mini Format Vitra: The Anatomy of a Design Company Deyan Sudjic, with contributions by Karen Stein and Iwan Baan £59.95 View Product Link to Vitra: The Anatomy of a Design Company Tara Walters: The Cathedrals of Central Park: Beauty of the Beast Tara Walters £1,375.00 View Product Link to The Cathedrals of Central Park: Beauty of the Beast Pre-order Signed Edition Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Jenny Walton From £39.95 View Product Link to Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Great Women Artists: Compact Format Phaidon Editors, with an introduction by Rebecca Morrill £19.95 View Product Link to Great Women Artists: Compact Format The Garden Book: Mini Format Phaidon Editors, with Tim Richardson (Editor) £16.95 View Product Link to The Garden Book: Mini Format Pre-order Nike Football Boots Caleb Azumah Nelson and Thomas Turner, with an introduction by Eleanor Watson and an afterword by Claudia Cándano de la Peza £34.95 View Product Link to Nike Football Boots Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Annie Leibovitz with essays by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Susan Sontag and Gloria Steinem From £79.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Sterling Ruby: DRFTRS (Daisy Ghost) Sterling Ruby £1,700.00 View Product Link to DRFTRS (Daisy Ghost) Tom Sachs: Limited Edition Bag Tom Sachs £350.00 View Product Link to Limited-Edition Bag Pre-order Icons: 100 Extraordinary Objects from Sotheby's History Sotheby's £69.95 View Product Link to Icons: 100 Extraordinary Objects from Sotheby's History Hadi Falapishi: Love Bomb (Persian Cat) Edition 1/30 Hadi Falapishi £1,750.00 View Product Link to Love Bomb (Persian Cat) Edition 1/30 The Art Book: Mini Format Phaidon Editors £16.95 View Product Link to The Art Book: Mini Format Vitra: The Anatomy of a Design Company Deyan Sudjic, with contributions by Karen Stein and Iwan Baan £59.95 View Product Link to Vitra: The Anatomy of a Design Company Tara Walters: The Cathedrals of Central Park: Beauty of the Beast Tara Walters £1,375.00 View Product Link to The Cathedrals of Central Park: Beauty of the Beast Pre-order Signed Edition Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Jenny Walton From £39.95 View Product Link to Jenny Sais Quoi: Adventures in Vintage & Personal Style Great Women Artists: Compact Format Phaidon Editors, with an introduction by Rebecca Morrill £19.95 View Product Link to Great Women Artists: Compact Format The Garden Book: Mini Format Phaidon Editors, with Tim Richardson (Editor) £16.95 View Product Link to The Garden Book: Mini Format Pre-order Nike Football Boots Caleb Azumah Nelson and Thomas Turner, with an introduction by Eleanor Watson and an afterword by Claudia Cándano de la Peza £34.95 View Product Link to Nike Football Boots Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Annie Leibovitz with essays by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Susan Sontag and Gloria Steinem From £79.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Sterling Ruby: DRFTRS (Daisy Ghost) Sterling Ruby £1,700.00 View Product Link to DRFTRS (Daisy Ghost) Bestsellers Discover our time-tested, gift-worthy, and most beloved books. Browse all bestselling books Signed Edition Recipes from the American South Michael W. Twitty From £39.95 View Product Link to Recipes from the American South Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Annie Leibovitz with essays by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Susan Sontag and Gloria Steinem From £79.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition The Contemporary Garden Phaidon Editors with an introduction by Annie Guilfoyle and texts by Sorrel Everton, Tovah Martin, et al £44.95 View Product Link to The Contemporary Garden Signed Edition Jordan Casteel Legacy Russell, Asma Naeem, Katherine Brinson From £39.95 View Product Link to Jordan Casteel Vietnam: The Cookbook Anaïs Ca Dao van Manen £39.95 View Product Link to Vietnam: The Cookbook Pre-order Nike Football Boots Caleb Azumah Nelson and Thomas Turner, with an introduction by Eleanor Watson and an afterword by Claudia Cándano de la Peza £34.95 View Product Link to Nike Football Boots Pre-order The First Homosexuals: The Birth of a New Identity 1869-1939 Jonathan D. Katz £54.95 View Product Link to The First Homosexuals: The Birth of a New Identity 1869-1939 Japan: The Cookbook Nancy Singleton Hachisu £39.95 View Product Link to Japan: The Cookbook Yoshitomo Nara Yeewan Koon £79.95 View Product Link to Yoshitomo Nara My Art Book of Happiness Shana Gozansky £14.95 View Product Link to My Art Book of Happiness STILL: The Art of Noticing Mary Jo Hoffman £39.95 View Product Link to STILL: The Art of Noticing Yayoi Kusama Covered Everything in Dots and Wasn't Sorry. Fausto Gilberti £12.95 View Product Link to Yayoi Kusama Covered Everything in Dots and Wasn't Sorry. The Annie Leibovitz Collection Explore the world of the legendary photographer. Selected for Oprah's Favorite Things As Oprah says on OprahDaily.com: ‘For anyone who treasures powerful images and the stories women carry.' Shop Annie Leibovitz Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Annie Leibovitz with essays by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Susan Sontag and Gloria Steinem From £79.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz: Women: 2025 Edition Signed Edition Annie Leibovitz At Work Annie Leibovitz From £39.95 View Product Link to Annie Leibovitz At Work Signed Edition Wonderland Annie Leibovitz, with a foreword by Anna Wintour From £69.95 View Product Link to Wonderland Stories Explore Stories Your chance to own a Tom Sachs limited-edition bag The relentlessly innovative and subversive artist has created a bag made from a semi- transparent fabric stronger than steel and extremely lightweight. Read more Hadi Falapshi releases new edition with Artspace and Artadia Love Bomb (Persian Cat) is a vibrant new edition by the Tehran-born, New York-based artist. Read more Who are Max Rocha, Cig Harvey, Franco Pepe, and Iwan Baan giftng their books to? Our photographers, chefs, and authors pick the people most deserving of their fabulous books. Who are you going to gift a Phaidon book to? Read more Who are Melanie Grant, Michael W. Twitty, Steven Guarnaccia, Dominic Bradbury, and Jackie Caradonio gifting their books to? These Phaidon authors have the perfect giftee in mind. Do you? Read more Who are our Kids books illustrators and authors Lisk Feng, Sara Gillingham, Ferren Gipson, Helen Scales, and Sam Brewster gifting their books to? Our children's books authors and illustrators talk about the books that will transport kids from the twinkle of the tree to adventurous worlds far beyond. Read more Who are John Pawson, Hugh Mangum, Jonathan Becker, Sonia Pulido, and Ben Mims gifting their books to? Gifting inspiration from us to you as more of our authors pick the people most deserving of their fabulous books. Read more How Martin Parr sought to 'create fiction out of reality' We pay tribute to the legendary British photographer and dear Phaidon friend who has died aged 73. Read more Our book Nike Football Boots is the perfect fit for next year's FIFA World Cup Our new book reveals the stories behind famous Nike football boots with contributions from historians, design curators and award-winning author Caleb Azumah Nelson. Read more Beauty and The American Art Book America’s  natural beauty unifies many artists in our new book, although they respond to it in very different ways. Read more Robert A.M. Stern - the classicist who built the future We pay tribute to the groundbreaking architect and Monacelli author who has died aged 86. Read more Sex and The American Art Book The drive to express and repress libidinous desire runs right through our comprehensive survey of American Art. Read more Tara Walters on how her edition The Cathedrals of Central Park was partly inspired by the loss of her home in the LA fires ‘It forced me to reflect on what is valuable, what truly matters, our connection to the planet and community.’ Read more Inspiration for All Phaidon is the premier global publisher of the creative arts. We work with the world's most influential authors to produce innovative books on art, photography, design, architecture, fashion, food, and travel, and illustrated books for children. Learn more about Phaidon brands South Korea About Us Our Company Our Contributors Events Careers Contact Us Submit a Book Proposal About Us Our Company Our Contributors Events Careers Contact Us Submit a Book Proposal Customer Service FAQs Shipping Returns & Refunds Payment Contact Customer Service Corporate Gifting Customer Service FAQs Shipping Returns & Refunds Payment Contact Customer Service Corporate Gifting Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Permissions Policy Accessibility Statement Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Permissions Policy Accessibility Statement Phaidon | 02525791 Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Choose your country South Korea Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Ascension Island Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tristan da Cunha Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe