Phandroid - Android News & Reviews - Phandroid Search Menu News Reviews Deals How To Opinion More About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN Search Best Xiaomi Redmi Note 15 Pro Plus power banks Charge your Xiaomi Redmi Note 15 Pro Plus anytime with these best power banks. By Ajit Singh 3 minutes ago Devices Devices Best Xiaomi Redmi Note 15 Pro Plus fast chargers Charge your Redmi Note 15 Pro Plus quickly with these best fast chargers. By Ajit Singh 34 minutes ago Accessories OpenAI’s AI Pen Could Turn Your Scribbles Into ChatGPT Gold OpenAI's secretive Gumdrop pen turns handwriting into ChatGPT notes via Foxconn in Vietnam, dodging China after disputes. By Tyler Lee 1 hour ago Devices Samsung May Drop Its Popular “Double Storage” Pre-Order Perk for the Galaxy S26 Series Galaxy S26 pre-order perks may drop the popular double storage upgrade. Samsung reportedly axing the deal amid rising component costs. By Tyler Lee 1 hour ago Accessories GameSir Swift DriveGameSir’s Swift Drive Is a Wild Hybrid Gamepad with a Mini Direct-Drive Steering Wheel GameSir Swift Drive packs a mini direct-drive steering wheel into a gamepad. Real force feedback for racing games on Android and PC. By Tyler Lee 2 hours ago Latest Deals Deals Grab the OnePlus Watch 3 with this Deal just in Time for New Year! Deals 25% OFF: End the Year with this Deal on the Google TV Streamer Accessories Bose’s QuietComfort Ultra Hits $269.99: Best ANC Deal of the Year Accessories Get Anker’s 25000mAh Power Bank for $87.99 Before Stock Runs Out Devices OnePlus 16 Rumors Point to a Big 200MP Camera Upgrade in 2026 OnePlus 16 camera leak points to 200MP sensor upgrade for 2026, sharing hardware with Oppo Find N6 to fix OnePlus 15 complaints. By Tyler Lee 2 hours ago 0 Devices Galaxy S26 Ultra Dummy Units Leak Reveals Major Camera Design Shift Galaxy S26 Ultra dummy units reveal rounder corners and Fold-style camera island. Design confirmed but wobble issues expected early 2026. By Tyler Lee 2 hours ago 0 Devices Samsung Galaxy Tab A11+ Brings Circle to Search to Budget Tablets for $249 Galaxy Tab A11+ launches Jan 8 with Circle to Search, 25W fast charging, 11-inch display, and Dolby Atmos speakers starting at $249.99. By Tyler Lee 12 hours ago 0 Devices Samsung Galaxy A17 5G Brings AI Features and Faster Charging for Under $200 Samsung Galaxy A17 5G arrives Jan 7 with AI features, optical stabilization, 5000mAh battery, and 25W fast charging for $199.99. By Tyler Lee 12 hours ago 0 Deals Grab the OnePlus Watch 3 with this Deal just in Time for New Year! Countdown to New Year's Eve with OnePlus' best wearable so far. By Mike Viray 16 hours ago 0 Load more news No more news About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Phandroid Media, LLC News Reviews Deals How To Opinion More About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN ✕ News Reviews Deals How To Opinion More About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT