PHANTIX GAMES Purchase Fight & Take, Be The Dominator. That's how mafia works. Real mafia strategy game. Join forces, expand your influence, and become the mafia boss! In the war of fire, beasts and stone, will you be the Chief Almighty? Origin has fallen, its denizens fractured.
Recruit a former companion and liberate the planet. The ultimate web-based strategy game where you compete to become the true Godfather! Mafia City The Grand Mafia Chief Almighty Nexus War: Civilization Mafia City H5 Games Mafia City Mafia City is a massively multiplayer online and real-time strategy game. Join a Clan or ride solo to work your way up the Mafia ladder, date cute Babes from all corners of the globe, train menacing Crew to expand your empire, and recruit Vigilantes to gain control on the battlefield. Your journey in the Underworld begins here; welcome to the family, Boss. FREE MAFIA GAME SLG 3D GAME Learn More Store The Grand Mafia The Grand Mafia is a massively multiplayer online & real-time strategy game. As a powerful figure in the underworld, you will raise your gang, recruit Enforcers from different walks of life, command armies, use multiple strategies to defeat your enemies, expand your sphere of influence, and work together with other players in your Faction to ultimately compete for control over your city, and even the whole of the mafia world! SLG MAFIA-THEME FREE REAL 3D PLOTS & SCHEMES Learn More Store Chief Almighty Rally ally tribes together in the primal Stone Age! The epic prehistoric lands are rich with resources and ancient beasts ready for you to explore and dominate. Trust your instincts when conducting diplomacy with rival Chiefs, lead your armies and tribes to smash the most dangerous of rivals, and hunt ancient creatures to become a fierce symbol of your power! FREE SLG STONE AGE BUILD & BATTLE Learn More Store Nexus War: Civilization The Astra tore through the sky and descended upon Origin Star. The once-vibrant cities were laid waste beyond recognition…The end is nigh on Origin Star, and every race is fighting desperately in hopes to survive in the new age of terror…As destiny chose you, you must now act. Raise an army and seek out the mightiest heroes from the four races of Origin Star – The Humans, the Izans, the Aokus, and the Theias, and unite them all to annihilate the Invaders of your home planet. Return Origin Star to its former glory! SLG FREE SCI-FI STRATEGY CASUAL STYLIZED Learn More Store Mafia City H5 Join the world of Mafia City H5 and experience the excitement of turf wars, high-speed chases, and tense underground battles. Feel the adrenaline rush as you zoom through the streets with your bike or modded vehicle, leaving only flames and destruction in your path. H5 GAME FREE MAFIA GAME SLG Learn More Store Mafia City The Grand Mafia Chief Almighty Nexus War: Civilization Mafia City H5 © 2025 PHANTIX GAMES Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Us Purchase