Real-Time. In Sync. At Scale. | Phenix Real Time. Platform Overview Workflow Use Cases Features Solutions Overview Sports Sports Betting iGaming Auctions Trivia Partners Overview Value Added Reseller Technology Partner Cloud Marketplace Resources Blog Latency Studies Documentation Home Contact Us FREE TRIAL Platform Overview Workflow Use Cases Features Solutions Overview Sports Sports Betting iGaming Auctions Trivia Partners Overview Value-Added Reseller Technology Partner Cloud Marketplace Resources Blog Latency Studies Documentation Home Contact Us FREE TRIAL Phenix Delivers Video In Real-Time. In Sync. At Scale. Powering next-gen interactive global experiences to millions of viewers with < 1/2 second of latency, complete audience synchronization, and broadcast quality. Now, with Real-Time Server-Side Ad Insertion and Digital Rights Management! Learn More 2,802,930,576 total streams 21,867,305,128 total minutes streamed Unlock the Power of Real-Time Video Delivery Take engagement and interactivity to the next level with broadcast quality ultra low latency video delivered in less than a half-second to anywhere in the world. Learn More Synchronize video delivery across all devices Avoid spoilers, engender trust, and power natural interactions when everyone sees the same thing at the same time regardless of connection or location. Learn More Don't choose between speed and scale ... Trust your interactive video to a partner with proven experience delivering broadcast quality video for some of the world’s largest events. Learn More Proven Results We were looking for a real-time streaming solution to support in play betting, that would also scale for our largest events like Cheltenham. The Phenix technology gives us a platform from which we can grow in play betting on horse racing, and the team has been extremely supportive and responsive. Ben Dowding, Director of Betting, RMG Cutting from questions to the Phenix real-time audience cam video feed for the Oscars was amazingly fast, and perfect for me with only one bar LTE mobile. Parker Tilley, Sr Mgr, Product Mgmt, Disney We've worked with different providers, but have never seen the innovative technology Phenix delivered. The high quality, real-time streams were really impressive. Pete Overmyer, Head of Media Technology & Production, Barstool Sports We're proud to support RMG in their delivery of UK and Irish horse racing. Cheltenham race week provides an exceptional challenge in delivery. We're delighted our platform, integrated with Phenix technology, delivered record breaking audiences for RMG and their betting operator clients. Phenix has been an excellent partner. The Phenix platform coped extremely well with the challenges the Cheltenham Festival brings.” Alex Rice, Chief Rights Officer, Stats Perform We searched for a new streaming provider for some time for our SIS premium content offering, built on a high quality rich Live racing, Live esport, Live numbers and virtual portfolio. Phenix is the only company able to deliver synchronized video to our global audience, in real-time at scale. This enables SIS customers to offer true Watch & Bet experiences. Paul Witten, Commercial Director, SIS Popular Topics Latency Studies Documentation Home SDK Reference FAQs Partners Overview Find a Partner Cloud Marketplace Value Added Reseller Technology Partners Company Our Team Patents Press Room Blog Partners Overview Value-Added Reseller Technology Partner Cloud Marketplace Program Newsletter Subscribe to Our Newsletter Stay Connected Privacy Policy Terms of Service System Status ©2025 Phenix Real Time Solutions, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. ‍ Sitemap Platform Overview Workflow Use Cases Features Solutions Overview Sports Sports Betting iGaming Auctions Trivia Partners Overview Value Added Reseller Technology Partner Cloud Marketplace Resources Blog Latency Studies Documentation Home Contact Us FREE TRIAL Platform Overview Workflow Use Cases Features Solutions Overview Sports Sports Betting iGaming Auctions Trivia Partners Overview Value-Added Reseller Technology Partner Cloud Marketplace Resources Blog Latency Studies Documentation Home Contact Us FREE TRIAL