Phillips Auction | Art, Design, Watches, and Jewels Dropshop: Kim Sunwoo Exclusive Release 9 December, 10 AM ET Dropshop: Susumu Kamijo Exclusive Release 14 October, 10 AM ET Evening & Day Editions London Auction 22 & 24 January 2026 Perpetual Online Watch Boutique Priority Bidding 101 Your how-to guide for Priority Bidding at Phillips. Phillips 2025: All Systems Go Charting a new course with innovation, focus, and expertise. Now Playing The ABCs of Phillips A Wink to the Market More Videos Exclusive Drops By Creators. For Collectors. Discover Featured Articles Feature Article | PHILLIPS 2025 A Look Back The highlights and top lots from an extraordinary year across the house. Feature Article | PHILLIPS 2025 Your Favorites Looking back on a year of firsts, new records, and global innovation as we look ahead to 2026. Feature Article | WATCHES Year In Review, 2025: Phillips In Association With Bacs & Russo Ten years in, our watch department celebrates its most successful year yet – and the most successful year ever for any watch auction department. Feature Article | Phillips Place a Priority Bid and Save Up to 4% Our first-of-its-kind Buyer’s Premium Structure for live auctions rewards early bids with lower rates, a benefit found only at Phillips. Feature Article | Design Staff Picks: A Design Holiday Gift Guide Sleighbells ring, are you bidding? Feature Article | Modern & Contemporary Art The Language of Landscape Seven works in our New York Modern & Contemporary Art Online Auction showcase approaches to landscape that are as varied as nature itself. Explore More Private Services Private Sales Phillips’ Private Sales department provides our clients with a uniquely personalized approach to collecting. We utilize innovative, targeted approaches that combine personal relationships with collectors and market intelligence. Learn More Professional & Advisor Services Phillips’ Professional & Advisor Services team builds valuable client partnerships, leveraging expertise to deliver tailored solutions for collectors, beneficiaries, attorneys, executors, fiduciaries, institutions, and industry professionals across the art world. Learn More Consign Today Sell with us We are inviting consignments for our upcoming auctions. Submit Now Download the Phillips Live Auction App Bid Anywhere Download our app and bid in live auctions from your iOS or Android device.