Skip to content
ADVERTISEMENT
Tuesday, December 30, 2025
Today's Paper
|
Newsletters
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE
Keep reading by creating a free account or signing in.
Sign in/Sign up
NEWS
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPINION
POLITICS
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFE
FOOD
HEALTH
REAL ESTATE
PHILLY FIRST
OBITUARIES
JOBS
Why wouldn’t the Eagles go for the No. 2 seed? Nick Sirianni pointed to the Super Bowl for some insight.

Sirianni isn’t revealing his decision to rest or play his starters vs. Washington. Given the advantage the second seed provides, it’s fair to wonder why the Eagles wouldn’t pursue it vigorously.

Jeff Neiburg
 
Eagles favored over Commanders in Week 18; Super Bowl odds take a dip despite win
2025 in pizza: The best new slices and pies in the Philly area
Michael Klein
 
The top five Philly restaurant trends of 2025
A couple told patients they’d created a breakthrough medical device. In a Philadelphia courtroom, they admitted it was all a lie.
Chris Palmer
 
THE LATEST
The Day After: Can the Eagles sustain this formula for another deep playoff run?
‘I still root for those guys’: Rick Tocchet has no regrets ahead of his return to Vancouver
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey among leaders in All-Star fan voting; two key players participate in practice
Porter Martone focused on winning titles before heading to Flyers
Collingswood is sued after mayor voted on ambulance deal despite conflict-of-interest warning
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR YOU
The Day After: Can the Eagles sustain this formula for another deep playoff run?

With only one game to go in the regular season and the playoffs looming, there’s little reason to think the Eagles’ offense will or is capable of changing its stripes.

Jeff McLane
‘I still root for those guys’: Rick Tocchet has no regrets ahead of his return to Vancouver
Jackie Spiegel
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey among leaders in All-Star fan voting; two key players participate in practice
Keith Pompey
Trump says he might sue Fed Chair Jerome Powell for ‘gross incompetence’
Rachel Siegel
Homeland Security says fraud investigation is underway in Minneapolis
Associated Press
More
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey among leaders in All-Star fan voting; two key players participate in practice

Maxey was second in the Eastern Conference and fourth overall in the initial fan voting for the All-Star Game. Kelly Oubre and Trendon Watford were back at practice but will miss Tuesday's game.

Keith Pompey
 
‘I still root for those guys’: Rick Tocchet has no regrets ahead of his return to Vancouver
Jackie Spiegel
 
Reports: Penn State close to hiring USC defensive coordinator D’Anton Lynn
Devin Jackson
 
Even Skip Bayless thinks Eagles are headed back to Super Bowl after ‘impressive’ win. Here’s what they’re saying.
Ariel Simpson
 
Eagles’ inexplicable second half offense nearly soils defensive gem vs. Josh Allen and the Bills
Jeff McLane
 
ADVERTISEMENT
NEW YEAR'S IN PHILLY 🎉
More
Strong winds are expected around Philly in the final days of 2025

The strongest winds are forecast to move out of the region in time for New Year's Eve and New Year's Day celebrations.

Nick Vadala
 
Where to watch Philly’s New Year’s Eve fireworks along the Delaware River, from free spots to ticketed parties
Sam Ruland
 
Here’s what Dry January does to your body
Sarah Klein, Washington Post
 
A Guide to the 2026 Philadelphia Mummers Parade
Dugan Arnett
 
What to know about the NYE concert in Philly
Ximena Conde
 
ADVERTISEMENT
INQUIRER NEWSLETTERS
Sign Up
Stay informed with our essential newsletters on a variety of topics, delivered straight to your inbox.
🎨 Museums’ big moment | Morning Newsletter
Julie Zeglen
 
Special D-livery | Sports Daily Newsletter
Staff Reports
 
Local business openings and closings to know | Inquirer Chester County
Lisa Dukart
 
Property taxes are going up next year | Inquirer Lower Merion
Lisa Dukart
 
BUSINESS & REAL ESTATE
More
What’s open and closed in the Philly area on New Year’s Day 2026: Grocery stores, liquor stores, trash pickup, and more

Here’s what’s open and closed on New Year's Day across the Philadelphia region.

Sam Ruland
 
These are the top searches by Zillow home shoppers in Pa., N.J., and beyond in 2025

In 2025, Zillow shoppers left luxury behind in favor of more realistic and comfortable homes. In Pennsylvania, the top-searched word on Zillow was "historic." In New Jersey, it was "patio."

Michaelle Bond
 
The urban designer whose weekly work commute is from Philadelphia to Atlanta, and back

An aversion to car ownership has resulted in a two flights, two trains, and a bus trip across two states each week for Center City's Daniel Rodriguez. It also came with social media stardom.

Earl Hopkins
 
New building will bring 46 apartments to Germantown

The new building will add density and commercial space to Germantown Avenue.

Jake Blumgart
 
Philadelphia’s homeownership rate fell during the pandemic as rates grew nationally and in other big cities

Philadelphia has a relatively high homeownership rate among major U.S. cities and a tradition of homeownership among households with lower incomes. But homes have gotten less affordable.

Michaelle Bond
 
ADVERTISEMENT
ENTERTAINMENT & FOOD
More
THE 76
Your indispensable guide to the most vital places to dine in the Philly area

In our annual guide to the Philly dining scene, 40 new restaurants nab spots.

The 76 scouts’ favorite spots that didn’t make the list
Philly’s best restaurants of 2025, in photos
Craig LaBan
 
The top five Philly restaurant trends of 2025
Michael Klein
 
From a world premiere to a flying car, here are the 7 shows we loved on Philly stages in 2025
Rosa Cartagena
 
The Pennsylvania Turnpike’s restaurant offerings can feel like a trip back in time
Brett Sholtis
 
Gary Graffman, pianist and former Curtis faculty member and president, has died at 97
David Patrick Stearns, For The Inquirer
 

FIND A PLACE TO EAT

What are you in the mood for?

Search by neighborhood, cuisine, and price to discover restaurants picked by our expert journalists.

Location
Cuisine
Price
Takes reservations
Inquirer picks
Search
OPINION
More
Reaction to Trump’s unpopular policies offers hope for fixing our broken immigration system

The kind of militarization seen at the border is now knocking at people’s doors in places like Chicago and New Orleans, and Americans don’t like what they see.

Luis F. Carrasco | Columnist
 
The shooting at Brown haunts me. It should haunt us all.

When a gunman attacked my classmates, school active shooter drills proved useful to me. It's a skill I wish I never had to learn.

CJ Lair, For The Inquirer
 
Bring back vintage panic and rage

Y2K didn’t take us out. Freedom Fries didn’t tear us apart. Sports heartbreak never broke this city’s spirit. We could survive anything. What we have now? Much harder.

Angela B. Ryan, For The Inquirer
 
Letters to the Editor | Dec. 29, 2025

Inquirer readers on the redactions in the Epstein files and a proposal to ban cell phones in Pennsylvania's schools.

Letters to the Editor, For The Inquirer
 
The 10 weirdest stories from the Philly area in 2025

From bacchanalian city celebrations to a suburban road rage incident that was beyond the pale, these are the strange stories from 2025 we can't forget, no matter how hard we try.

Stephanie Farr | Columnist
 
ADVERTISEMENT
NATION & WORLD
More
Trump confirms U.S. ‘hit’ loading dock in Venezuela
Isaac Arnsdorf and Warren P. Strobel, Washington Post
 
Bomb cyclone brings blizzards, dangerous wind chills to Midwest
Leah Willingham and Jeff Martin, Associated Press
 
Second pilot in Atlantic County crash dies; both pilots identified
Ximena Conde
 
U.S. offers Ukraine 15-year security guarantee as part of peace plan, Zelenskyy says
Illia Novikov, Associated Press
 
POLITICS
More
Zohran Mamdani has bold promises. Can he make them come true as New York City mayor?
Anthony Izaguirre, Associated Press
 
How Vance brokered a truce between Trump and Musk
Elizabeth Dwoskin, Natalie Allison, and Faiz Siddiqui, Washington Post
 
U.S. offers Ukraine 15-year security guarantee as part of peace plan, Zelenskyy says
Illia Novikov, Associated Press
 
How Camden tells the story of Mikie Sherrill’s big win and New Jersey’s blue wave
Aliya Schneider, Joe Yerardi, and Chris A. Williams
 
EDUCATION
More
South Jersey students learn mushroom cultivation while getting a lesson in civics
Melanie Burney
 
Wage garnishment for defaulted student loans to resume early next year
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel, Washington Post
 
Montgomery County school board votes to fire the principal who reportedly made antisemitic remarks
Kristen A. Graham
 
As a Philly student, her high school lifted her up. Now, she’s giving back in a major way.
Kristen A. Graham
 
GET IN TOUCH
About The Inquirer
Advertise
Contact Us
Subscriber Services
Newsroom Staff
Confidential Tips
Licensing & Permissions
Reprints
Careers
Delivery Jobs
Gift Subscriptions
Inquirer Store
Legal Notices
Death Notices
Subscribe
NEWS
Today’s Paper
News
Sports
Entertainment
Business
Health & Science
Food
Opinion
Philly First
Inquirer LIVE
Archives
Site Map
GIVING
Donate to The Inquirer
About High-Impact Journalism Fund
Other Ways to Contribute
About The Lenfest Institute
MOBILE APPS
Apple iOS
Google Android
© 2025 The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC
Terms of Use/Privacy Policy/AI Usage Policy/California Notice/Do Not Sell My Data