Phonoscope Fiber Support Center Troubleshooting, guides & FAQs Send us a message Contact sales and support Give us a call We're here 24/7 Contact Us Business SOLUTIONS Dark Fiber Control your network Ethernet Seamless connection Internet Access Speed and reliability Private Networks Scalable privacy Wavelength Dedicated bandwidth Custom Solutions Experienced creativity ADDITIONAL SERVICES IPTV VoIP Partners MDU Set yourself apart Developers Attract buyers with fast tech INDUSTRIES Healthcare Oil & Gas Education Finance Enterprise Business Local Government Federal Agencies Professional Services Retail Hospitality Data Centers Carriers Residential Fiber to the Home Fiber Internet Home Internet, TV & Phones 7 Riverway Explore Living Franklin Lofts Historic Charm Kirby Lofts Downtown Lifestyle Lantern Village Modern Comforts Live Oak Lofts Loft Luxury Royal Brook Nature Meets Urban The Tealstone Elegant Residences Helpful Links Check Availability Stay up to date Pay My Bill Subscriber login Download App All your devices Channel Guide All your favorites About About Us Company Focused on Houston Our History Explore over 70 years of innovation Network Footprint From Willis to Galveston Customer Reviews Trusted by Houstonians since 1953 Resources AI Support How Can We Help? Tips & Tricks Helpful Guides Hurricane Preparedness Be Ready Safety Central Online Safety Hub Careers Join Our Team Blog Stay up to date Channel Guide All Your Favorites Follow Us Support Troubleshooting & Support Support Cutting-Edge Assistance, Anytime WiFi Issues Stay Connected, Hassle-Free Password Recovery Secure Access, Swift Recovery Speed Test Test. Optimize. Enjoy. Getting Started Setting Up Embrace the Gigabit Lifestyle Choosing a Router Choose Wisely, Surf Smoothly FiberTV Setup Revolutionizing Entertainment Tips & Tricks Optimize Your Experience Get in Touch Call us 24/7 NOC Send us a Message We're Just a Click Away Network Status Real-time updates Report Outage Service Disruption Alert My Account Search Search Account the network of possibilities . A state-of-the-future network built on blazing fast fiber ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS RESIDENTIAL SERVICE the network of possibilities . A state-of-the-future network built on blazing fast fiber ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS RESIDENTIAL SERVICE Celebrating Over 70 Years of Unwavering Commitment to Houston . Welcome to Phonoscope Fiber - Houston's premier provider of high-speed fiber-optic internet and telecommunications services for business and residential customers. With 70 years of innovation and exceptional service, we're dedicated to empowering your digital experience. Our commitment to you extends beyond connectivity; we offer an array of tailored networking solutions, security, and infrastructure services, ensuring your success in today's complex, multi-cloud world. Experience the power of optimal connectivity, reliability, and security backed by our unrivaled customer support. Dark Fiber Robust, scalable network infrastructure. Learn more Private Network Secure, dedicated communication system Learn more Wavelength Long-distance data transmission service Learn more Internet Access Dedicated, high-speed internet connection Learn more Ethernet Common, standardized, local area networking Learn more IPTV Television programming via internet protocol Learn more VoIP Clear, high-quality voice communication Learn more Custom Personalized solutions for specific business goals Learn more The Fiber Advantage . Speed Reliability Security Flexibility Scalability Leverage the Power of Fiber's Unlimited Bandwidth With virtually unlimited bandwidth for applications such as cloud computing, video conferencing, and online backups, multiple employees can work simultaneously on heavy data workloads without experiencing any lag or interruption. Unlimited bandwidth to run multiple applications simultaneously without experiencing any lag Extremely high download and upload speeds to transfer large amounts of data quickly and efficiently Fewer outages and higher levels of reliability Ensure Business Continuity with the Reliability of Fiber Expect fewer outages and interruptions, even during peak usage times, since fiber internet is less affected by environmental factors such as distance and weather, ensuring a consistent and stable connection. Reliable and stable connection reducing the likelihood of interruptions or outages Less affected by distance, weather, and other environmental factors Less vulnerable to network congestion for your business-critical data and applications Protect Your Business with the Security of Fiber Fiber internet is less vulnerable to hacking and network congestion, providing better protection for your business-critical data and applications. Additionally, fiber internet can support more advanced security measures such as virtual private networks (VPNs) and firewalls, ensuring your business is fully protected from potential security threats. Less vulnerable to hacking and network congestion Physically secure connection and the fiber-optic cables themselves are difficult to tap or interfere with Allow for regular security updates and patching, which can improve the overall security of the connection and devices Grow Your Business with the Flexibility of Fiber Fiber internet supports multiple network protocols and concurrent connections, making integrating new applications and devices into your existing infrastructure easy. Virtually unlimited capacity to scale with your business Supports multiple network protocols to integrate new applications and devices into your existing infrastructure efficiently Allows multiple concurrent connections to handle more data and users at once Future-Proof Your Business with the Scalability of Fiber Fiber allows for significant increases in available bandwidth, which can handle high-bandwidth applications and large amounts of data transfer without interruption. Upgrade to the latest technology and protocols as they become available on a future-proof network. Scalable capacity to handle high-bandwidth applications and support large amounts of data transfer Supports multiple network protocols, making it easy to adapt and upgrade to new technologies Scale and grow as needed without upgrading the whole infrastructure Reviews Loved by Houstonians Dec 20, 2022 "Great customer service! Thank you Yash and Angela!" Cecilia Tallis Dec 20, 2022 "We love Phonoscope! Consistently fast, reliable, and much better than others! Incredible customer service, great price, and easy to work with." Hiyabu Kidane Dec 20, 2022 "A great team from Sales to Installation and first class service. A variety of bandwidth options, but most importantly, Phonoscope delivers on their promises." Grant MacRae Dec 17, 2022 "Very good and fast internet. Customer service is polite and helpful. Eden was helping me each time I called. She is wonderful. I would recommend this internet provider." Karolina Alfonso Oct 2, 2022 "Phonoscope installed the day after ordering, and their fiber internet service is the most reliable I've ever used. Very happy in choosing Phonoscope." Vincent Higgins Sep 3, 2022 "We love Phonoscope! Consistently fast, reliable, and much better then AT&T! Incredible service, great price, and easy to work with. Highly recommend!" Sarah Hampton Cambas Sep 14, 2022 "We switched to Phonoscope Fiber a little over 6 months ago and it’s been great. Would definitely recommend." Elizabeth Higgins Sep 20, 2022 "We've had Phonoscope for a couple of years and never had any problems. Staff is always very courteous and professional when I've called." Steve Spencer Sep 29, 2022 "Recently switched to Phonoscope and couldn’t be happier. Install was painless and the speeds have been great." Robert Builder Trusted by industry leaders Enable cutting-edge technology, drive growth through digital convergence, and achieve digital transformation Healthcare Transmit large amounts of data, such as medical images, quickly and securely Healthcare Solutions Oil & Gas Reliable communication between locations and near-instant data transfer Oil & Gas Options Education Enhance the learning experience by allowing students and teachers to access online resources, communicate with each other and share information. Education Services Finance Low latency enables high-speed trades and facilitates real-time financial transactions. Financial Offerings Enterprise Business Experience lightning-fast connectivity and seamless collaboration Enterprise Solutions Local Government Enable the use of cloud-based applications and services to empower constituents Local Government Solutions Federal Agencies Improve the efficiency and effectiveness of your operations and protect national security Federal Agency Solutions Professional Services Delivering lightning-fast connectivity and unmatched reliability for your clients and team Professional Services Retail Connect different parts of a store or chain of stores, such as the checkout counters, stock rooms, and offices Retail Connectivity Hospitality Upgrade the guest experience and reliably transmit data for point-of-sale transactions, room management systems, and entertainment Hospitality Solutions Data Centers High-speed, reliable, and scalable network infrastructure to keep pace with the ever-increasing data storage and processing demand Data Center Offerings Carriers High-speed, reliable connectivity to meet the growing needs of their customers Carrier Solutions Blog Latest news See all articles Insights Fiber Forward January 24, 2024 Guides New Year Checklist January 3, 2024 Insights Cybersecurity in 2023 December 19, 2023 Digital Transformation Illuminating Health December 12, 2023 Frequently Asked Questions What are your hours? Our Network Operations Center (NOC) is open 24/7 to support business and residential customers at 713-272-4600 or noc@phonoscope.com . What services do you offer? We provide fiber internet, IPTV, and VoIP services for both businesses and homes. Businesses benefit from dark fiber, point-to-point, Ethernet, private networks, and tailored solutions. Residential customers enjoy gigabit speeds and the FiberTV app for streaming anywhere. Do you offer home service? We offer speeds from 100Mbps to 1Gbps with symmetrical speeds and unmatched reliability. You can enhance your fiber connection with Fiber TV - including streaming on up to 5 devices - and Fiber Phone service. Is service available in my neighborhood? Check availability and see pricing here. How long does it take to activate services? The time it takes to activate your Phonoscope Fiber service can vary depending on a number of factors, such as your location and whether new fiber infrastructure needs to be installed at your premises. We always aim to get you up and running as quickly as possible, but we also want to ensure the service is set up correctly for the best experience. Please contact our customer service team with your specific information for a more detailed estimate. Your patience and understanding are greatly appreciated. How do I pay my bill? Log in to your account here to see monthly usage, and pay your bill here. Do you include the WiFi hardware (router) with internet service? At Phonoscope Fiber, we prioritize giving our customers the flexibility to choose the best equipment for their specific needs. WiFi needs can vary greatly based on the size of the home, number of devices, and specific usage requirements. By not including a specific router with our service, we enable our customers to select a router that fits their individual needs and preferences, whether that's a basic model or a high-end router with advanced features. This approach ensures the best possible internet experience for every user. As always, our support team is more than happy to provide guidance and recommendations for choosing the right hardware. See our router recommendations. Can the activation fee for my service be waived? While we understand that any additional fees can be a concern, our one-time activation fee helps cover the costs associated with setting up new services, including equipment and labor. Unfortunately, we are unable to waive this fee. We appreciate your understanding and assure you that we strive to provide the best value for our services. Do you offer any discounts on your services? At Phonoscope Fiber, we periodically offer special promotions for new and existing customers. However, we do not have standard ongoing discounts such as for seniors or military personnel. Our prices are carefully set to offer all customers the best value possible for our high-quality, reliable services. Thank you for your understanding. What's the fastest way to reach you in case I need help? You can give us a call at 713-272-4600 or send us a message here . What is your handoff for business customers? We hand off a 10/100/1000Mbps [TS2] CAT5, CAT6, or fiber full-duplex Ethernet connection to customers. If this is a private point-to-point or point-to-multipoint connection, you use your own IP addresses, as we will be transparent to your networks. If this is an Internet connection, we will assign public IP addresses and work with you to determine the most effective way to utilize the link. What is the process for setting up business service? After you sign a Master Service Agreement and a Service Order, we assign a dedicated Project Manager (PM) to your account. Your PM will email you an implementation activity schedule and coordinate the installation with you. Your PM is always readily available to answer any questions during the process. Depending on your requirements, we will drop 2 CAT5/ 2 optical fiber or install a data switch. We begin billing once service is activated What type of technology do you use? Our Houston area metro network offers over 4,000 fiber route miles, over 200 rings for redundancy, and Layer 2 and Optical Wavelength infrastructure for 20Tbps capacity featuring full IPv6 support. View our network footprint. Do you provide IP addresses? Phonoscope will provide you with public IP addresses if you order internet service. You will receive an IP Justification (IPJ) Form. The American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN) requires a written justification to demonstrate that we are using IP allocations efficiently. Do you have a Service Level Agreement (SLA)? We have an SLA uptime of 99.997%  for our commercial customers. Contact business sales for more information. What is the standard SLA for IPTV/VoIP services? Our standard Service Level Agreement (SLA) for IPTV and VoIP services includes the following: Tech Dispatch Turnaround Time : Within 24 hours. Incident Response Time : Within 8 hours. ‍ Resolution Timeframes : Varies based on the severity of the issue. For more details, please refer to the Master Service Agreement (MSA) you signed. What about the SLA for commercial internet customers? Commercial internet customers should refer to their specific Master Service Agreement (MSA) for SLA details. Unmatched reliability Embrace the Gigabit Lifestyle The future starts today Check availability or send us a message and we'd be happy to answer any questions you might have about business solutions or residential service. Check availability Contact us the network of possibilities sm 10555 Westoffice Drive Houston, TX 77042 (713) 272-4600 Solutions Dark Fiber Ethernet Internet Access Private Networks Wavelength IPTV VoIP Custom Solutions Industries Healthcare Oil & Gas Education Finance Enterprise Business Local Government Federal Agencies Professional Services Retail Hospitality Data Centers Carriers Partners Developers MDU Multi-Tenant Buildings Resources Company | About Us Network Footprint Channel Guide Blog Careers Support Speed Test Contact Residential Fiber to the Home My Account Check Availability Communities 7 Riverway Franklin Lofts Kirby Lofts Lantern Village Live Oak Lofts Royal Brook The Tealstone © Phonoscope Fiber Communications 2025 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Internet Acceptable Use