Photography Life Photography Life PL provides various digital photography news, reviews, articles, tips, tutorials and guides to photographers of all levels Lens Reviews Camera Reviews Tutorials Compare Cameras Forum Sign Up Login About Search Printing Your Photos: An Artist’s Statement Against Ephemerality December 29, 2025 By Massimo Vignoli 42 Comments As a nature and wildlife photographer, much of my work revolves around patiently waiting. I often wake up very early and might spend whole days concealed in a hide, ride for miles on a jeep, or trek to an ideal location—all in hopes of capturing a singular, dramatic moment. Perhaps... Photography News: Looking Back at 2025 with the Photography Life Team December 28, 2025 By Libor Vaicenbacher 6 Comments I hope you’re all having a relaxing holiday season. This week didn’t bring much news in the photography world, so let’s take some time instead to look back on 2025 for some inspiration as we journey into 2026. Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays from Photography Life! December 24, 2025 By Spencer Cox 30 Comments On behalf of the Photography Life team, I’d like to wish all of our readers a wonderful holiday season spent with friends, family, and loved ones. May the rest of your 2025 and the New Year be filled with good times and great photos. Peak Design Pro Lite Tripod Review December 23, 2025 By Libor Vaicenbacher 6 Comments The original Peak Design Travel Tripod made some serious waves when it launched five years ago. One sign of its success? Not long after its release, the market started to fill with models suspiciously inspired by its design. More recently, Peak Design built on that momentum by introducing three larger,... Photography News: Nikon Z9 Firmware, Canon R7 II Rumor December 21, 2025 By Libor Vaicenbacher 10 Comments This week, while working on an article about Silver Efex, I wanted to remind myself what true analog photography looked like. So I dug deep into my closet, pulled out a historical hard drive, and carefully brought it back to life. As it started spinning, it took me back to... DxO Silver Efex Review: Black and White Without Chemicals December 18, 2025 By Libor Vaicenbacher 10 Comments It’s been a very long time since I last wound film onto a developing reel in a darkroom, mixed my developer, tempered it to the precise temperature, and then—like some alchemist—developed the film. Still, I can vividly recall those moments and, later, the excitement of darkroom printing under dim red... Viltrox 35mm f/1.2 LAB Field Review December 17, 2025 By Jason Polak 11 Comments This morning, Viltrox announced that their 35mm f/1.2 LAB lens is now available for the Nikon Z System at a price of $999. I’m here to share my field review of this lens with you and answer questions about its build quality, performance, and more. Secrets of Professional Photographers: An Interview with Petr Chodura December 15, 2025 By Libor Vaicenbacher 7 Comments When someone says "sports photographer," many of us probably imagine a row of long telephoto lenses crammed together in the corner of a stadium. In some ways, that image isn’t far from the truth. But there are sports that don’t have boundaries, safety nets, or predictable arenas — sports that... Photography News: Sony a7 V Dynamic Range, Mic Sales December 14, 2025 By Libor Vaicenbacher 4 Comments We live in an age of extreme specialization. There are experts in bird bioacoustics, bacterial flagella, coprophagous insects. Even we photographers tend to pigeonhole ourselves as wildlife photographers, street photographers, sports photographers, landscape photographers, and who knows what else. Heipi K32 Tripod + KB60 Ballhead Review December 12, 2025 By Jason Polak No Comments After the camera and lens, the next most essential tool for photographers is the tripod. Although I often dislike tripods because they take up so much space in my bag, the stability they provide is unmatched. Recently, I had the opportunity to test the Heipi K32 with the KB60 ballhead,... 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 » Learn Beginner Photography Landscape Photography Wildlife Photography Portraiture Post-Processing Advanced Tutorials Start Your Shopping Here Photography Life is an independent website with no third-party ads! Help us out today by starting your shopping at any of the following pages: B&H Amazon Wex (UK) eBay We receive a small percentage of each sale made through these affiliate links. If you enjoy our articles, this is the easiest way to support Photography Life at no extra cost to you. Thank you! See more ways to support us here for our worldwide readers. Photography Tutorials Photography Basics Landscape Photography Wildlife Photography Macro Photography Composition & Creativity Black & White Photography Night Sky Photography Portrait Photography Street Photography Photography Videos Unique Gift Ideas Site Menu About Us Beginner Photography Lens Database Lens Index Photo Spots Search Forum Reviews Reviews Archive Camera Reviews Lens Reviews Other Gear Reviews More Contact Us Workshops Support Us Submit Content Copyright © 2025 · Photography Life