Cheap, quality webhosting, vps, managed hosting and web site development Features Network Datacenter Locations Speed Speed Test Security Redundancy Dev Tools Custom Builds php versions Customizable Git, cvs, rsync WordPress Installer SSL Expert Help Code editor Security Firewall Physical Security PCI Compliance Malware Scanning SSL Certificates Support Team Experienced Ready to help Get Started! Create account Pricing Classic Our class shared hosting solution. More options than average shared hosting yet very affordable. From $12.95/month More... Wordpress Our classic shared hosting optomized and dedicated to running WordPress. From $15.95/month More... WordPress+ A custom cloud server setup to host your WordPress site. Instantly expandable as needed. Fast! From $21/month More... Pro Business A private cloud server for your site. Total control and access plus dedicated resources. Free SSL. From $28/month More... Custom Single and clusters of dedicated servers for your growing site. Custom solutions to meet any need. From $300/month More... Development Too busy? Our team can help with development of new features as well as routine administrative tasks. Contact us More... Login Login WebFTP Login Help Create Account Hi, we're phpwebhosting We host thousands of fast, secure, beautiful websites. We'd love to host yours too. Get Started For 20 years we've provided top value in hosting. We are here to serve 24 hours a day Tired of poor service and over-crowded servers? Since 1999, we've provided quality servers and support. We are a small, dedicated team of programmers and developers just like you. Quality Hosting Our founders were developers just like you. We know the pain of over-sold, over-crowded servers. We are commited to providing the highest quality servers for our clients. Great Support 24 hours a day our experienced designers and developers are here to help. No canned answers or delays. We solve problems! WordPress Pros We host thousands of WordPress sites. Our techs have the experience to keep your WordPress site running at full speed. Guaranteed We offer a full 60 day money back guarantee. No questions asked - if you're not happy, we're not happy! Get Started Now Words from our clients "I've had a web site since 1996. Since that time, I've used numerous web hosts. I can honestly say that phpwebhosting.com has been THE BEST! I wish I had switched to you all sooner! Thanks for the great service!" Miguel R. "First, you're the best host there is . I'm a web developer, and I've been having all my clients sign up with you, to rave results. Thanks for making me look so good!" Jason K. "Just wanted to say thank you for 2 years of excellent service . You have set a no-gimmick expectation, and meet it with flying colors. You give me full control of my website, yet whenever I need you, you are there. 100% of my service requests have been answered immediately and accurately. You have hit a home run in my book!" Haley B. "MAN, that was a quick response. Thanks for your help. I've been a customer of some sort for about 7 years and I swear, you guys have the best support anywhere! " Katie S. "I am very pleased with both the tools and the level and quality of customer service that you, your colleagues and your company provide. Please keep up the great work! " Stu M. " I just wanted to write a quick note expressing my total and absolute satisfaction with your service. I am by no means an expert at web programming, but your hosting service has been set up to handle just about any suite of ready-made (ie: idiot proof) web page set ups that I can find. Everything has been fast and error-free and I am completely thrilled with the value I am recieving for my monthly fee. I look forward to using your hosting services for a very long time indeed." Mary A. " Wow, you guys rock! Thanks again for your outstanding support." Albert W. "Thank you for your efforts over the last few weeks, everything is back in place and it's business as usual. The database and website are both working faster and better than ever! Your support has been superb and beyond the call of duty." Tom S. Plans Classic + SSD $12.95 per month Unlimited domains Unmetered Disk space on Classic 8 gigs disk on Classic SSD Economical yet quality shared hosting Basic monitoring All popular extensions and tools ready to use. Start Business Pro $28 per month Your own private cloud server Dedicated IP Address Quality Global Sign SSL (no junky "free" certs here!) Pro monitoring suite Full admin access to install anything without limits. Start Custom Private from $300 per month Growing out of your current hosting? We can configure load-balancing, failover and other solutions. We can build a private solution to fit your exact specifications. Start Find your domain name - Free with yearly hosting! Search! Features All our servers are custom tuned and configured. Have special requirements? Let us know and we'll make it happen! php multiple versions to run both current and legacy scripts. perl Many Perl modules and nearly any other you require on request. mysql No preset limit to number of databases. Multiple users , phpMyAdmin .htaccess password protected directories + support for all directives (AllowOverride set to All) domains Unlimited domains with private php version and php.ini for each! private php.ini Support for multiple, private php.ini's sub domains Unlimited subdomains including full support for wildcards . cgi-bin Full support for cgi based scripts and server side includes. email Un-metered mailboxes, forwards and auto-responders. git git available both to clone respositories and create your own . WordPress Automated installs and expert help from our experienced staff . customizable Full support for WordPress, X-Cart, Joomla, Drupal - We can host nearly any script. We are the original php webhost ! Need help? We are here! We are always ready to serve our clients and future clients! Questions? Comments? Let us know! We'll get a speedy reply back to you. Send Message Contact Postal Mail Email Telephone About Network Security Our team Help Support Request Lost Password Billing Update DMCA Contact Abuse Contact Newsletter + Deals! GO Sign up for exclusive discounts and offers for cheap web hosting! © 2025 phpwebhosting.com, LLC All rights reserved. × Drop us a line In our work we try to use only the most modern, convenient and interesting solutions. We want the template you downloaded look unique and new for such a long time as it is possible. Our Location Address Our Email Our Phone Our Work Hours Send Message