Phrases And Sayings, With Meanings And Origins Explained - Phrase Finder Phrase Finder Phrases Idioms Thesaurus About Us Search The Phrase Finder 2,500 English idioms, phrases and proverbs that we use every day, with their meanings and origins explained. About us Meanings and Origins The meanings and origins of thousands of English idioms, expressions and sayings Proverbs A list of hundreds of the proverbs that give meaning to our language like no other form of expression. American Expressions Divided by a common language? Not when you understand the phrases that were born in the USA. Phrases coined by Shakespeare The Bard of Avon, he gave us more words and expressions than anyone else. Nautical phrases Ahoy there, me hearties, here’s the language that came from our nautical friends. Phrases from the Bible The single book that has given more sayings, idioms and proverbs to the English language than any other. Categories of phrases Expressions and sayings grouped under topic headings. Resources Tools, helpers and notes to help with writers block, or to settle an argument Famous Last Words When it comes to memorable quotations, many prominent people save the best until last. See our list of Famous Last Words to find out who said what, just before they bit the dust. Also, a special form of last words – notable suicide notes . Phrase Thesaurus The Phrase Thesaurus is a writers’ resource that stimulates ideas for headlines, copy, song lyrics, fiction writing etc. Idioms We also host a wide range of idioms and Words instead of collections. “Heavens to Murgatraoyd” A stylised exclamation of surprise, similar to ‘Heavens to Betsy’. ‘Heavens to Murgatroyd’ is American in origin and dates from the mid 20th century. Popular today Latest additions Hit me like a ton of bricks Something that has had a strong and overwhelming impact, often… As cold as ice Extremely cold. As free as a bird Completely free from constraints, responsibilities, obligations, limitations, or worries. As quiet as a mouse To make very little noise, or to be still and… Slept like a baby Slept deeply, peacefully, and completely undisturbed. Eat like a horse Eat a large amount of food or have a substantial… Fits like a glove To fit perfectly, whether in size, shape, or suitability. At the speed of light Very fast/quickly or seemingly instantly (or 299,792,458 meters per second). Like a thief in the night Something happens secretly, unexpectedly, and without being seen or heard. Fresh as a daisy Fully rested, not at all tired, full of energy and… Like water off a duck’s back Without any noticeable effect. (Usually referring to something potential harmful… How you doing How are you doing? Love will find a way Love is strong and powerful enough to overcome any obstacle… Bare with me The correct phrase is ‘bear with me’ which means ‘be… Welcome aboard Welcome on board, or welcome to the team or project. Phrase Finder 2,500 English idioms, phrases and proverbs that we use every day, with their meanings and origins explained. About About Us Timeline Contact Us Help & Support Phrase Research Editorial Policy Phrases Phrase Meanings Phrase Thesaurus Idioms Famous Last Words Quotes Forum Social Facebook Twitter/X GDPR Policy – Cookie Policy – Privacy Policy – Accessibility – Disclaimer – Terms © 1997 – 2024 Phrases.org.uk. All rights reserved.