Phrase (Frm. Memsource): Localization & Translation Software Products AI Translation AI & Machine Translation Optimize multilingual content with AI-powered translation Translation Portal Phrase Portal Secure translation hub for multilingual content TMS Translation Management Automate and streamline your translation workflow Intelligent Automation Workflow Automation Automate localization with no-code workflows Software Localization Software & App Translation Localize apps, websites, and digital products Multimedia Localization Phrase Studio Capture, translate and convert video or audio into global content ______________________________ Explore the Phrase Platform Solutions By role Localization managers Developers Marketers Product managers Designers Explore all roles By use case Machine translation Software localization Website localization Mobile app localization Game localization Explore all use cases By industry Technology Retail Gaming Manufacturing Automotive Explore all case studies For business Enterprise Success plans Language service providers Non-profit organizations Pricing Integrations GitHub WordPress Zendesk Figma Contentful Explore all integrations Company About us Our customers Careers Newsroom Featured stories Awards & reviews Events Academic program Ecosystem Our partners Become a partner Resources Developers APIs Webhooks CLI and libraries OTA updates Resource hub Blog Podcast Webinars Reports & guides Phrase Knowledge Phrase Academy Phrase Help Center Request a demo Login English Deutsch Français Español 日本語 简体中文 Search now Login Request a demo A world leader in  translation technology Phrase intelligently automates, manages, and delivers multilingual content for deeper customer connections and faster business growth. Request a demo Case Study Case Study Case Study Case Study Case Study Case Study Previous Next The Phrase Localization Platform The Phrase Platform is the world’s most powerful, connective, and customizable localization software. Cloud-based and intelligently powered by AI, it is built to automate multilingual content at great speed, accuracy and scale. Phrase allows organizations to provide customers with access to the content they need in the language they speak. This means your customers are more engaged and business impact is delivered quickly. More on the Phrase Platform How Phrase can help A central hub Intelligent AI Audio and visual Smarter automation Consistent quality at scale Actionable analytics Built to integrate Business impact: Use cases A central hub One place to manage and translate all your content. Track progress, automate tasks, and work across teams from a single platform, built to handle all your multilingual content needs. Intelligent AI From Phrase NextMT and context-aware adaptation to automated routing and QA, our AI capabilities are shaped by a dedicated research team and real product use. As AI evolves, Phrase is building what comes next; little wonder Nimdzi positions Phrase as the innovative market leader. Audio and visual Phrase Studio is the new audio and video intelligence layer in the Phrase Platform, enabling fast, secure transformation of spoken content into high-accuracy transcripts, localized subtitles, and voiceovers in 100+ languages. Smarter automation Smarter automation means less manual work at every stage. Phrase handles content updates, translation assignment, QA checks, and delivery, all through configurable workflows powered by AI and built-in triggers. It’s how global teams stay fast and consistent, without the overhead. Consistent quality at scale Built-in quality scoring, automated MT engine selection and intelligent routing help teams maintain high standards, even at scale. Phrase ensures the right translation path for each piece of content, whether that’s machine, human, or hybrid. Actionable analytics Built-in analytics show how content moves through your workflows, with insights into speed, quality, and cost. Use data to improve translation and automation decisions. Built to integrate Phrase fits into your content ecosystem, integrating with over 50 tools across design, development, CMS, and QA. Phrase shares data and workflows, so multilingual content moves easily between teams, systems, and languages. Business impact: Use cases Phrase recognized as a Leader in the Forrester Wave™, Q3 2025 We scored top marks in 21 of 26 criteria, setting the benchmark for enterprise language technology. Download the report AI-led translation We believe that the creation of our AI-powered platform is one of the biggest single advancements to happen in localization technology. Baked into the Platform and customized to your needs, Phrase AI is trainable to achieve the most successful outcomes based on your circumstances and unique goals. In real time, the system automates the selection of the most effective translation services, incorporates brand terms, and scores content quality based on an array of context and circumstances. This means you are able to achieve much more, with less. More about Phrase Language AI Introducing Phrase Orchestrator Smarter automation, built in Phrase gives you full control over how content moves, from creation to translation to delivery. With AI-powered automation, teams can build workflows that adapt to content type, language needs, and business rules. Phrase Orchestrator offers a no-code, drag-and-drop interface to create flows across the Phrase platform and beyond. Whether routing content to the right translation method or triggering quality checks, automation reduces effort and speeds up delivery. Analytics that unlock insight Phrase Analytics gives teams the ability to track performance, surface insights, and report on progress, without needing SQL or BI support. Build custom reports and visual dashboards to monitor translation quality, turnaround times, and cost. With actionable data at your fingertips, you can stay aligned to goals and continuously improve how multilingual content is delivered. Find out about Analytics Phrase integrations Integration With over 50 integrations (and counting…), Phrase can connect to your existing localization systems with ease. The ‘plug and play’ nature of the Platform protects existing workflows, allows you to retain current tools, and enables incredible speed to value. And, in the unlikely scenario that a connection doesn’t exist, our engineers can build it. Our new podcast is live! Hosted by our CMO Jason Hemingway , In other words invites business leaders to share the wins, missteps, and lessons they’ve learned on the road to going global – and speaking their customers’ language: everywhere. Read more “The go-to, end-to-end localization solution that offers—at scale—unprecedented levels of customization, automation, and reporting to help you truly connect with new audiences and drive global growth” The Total Economic Impact of Using Phrase (TEI) study by Forrester Consulting G2 Satisfaction Scoring G2 Satisfaction Scoring Nimdzi New Visionary 9.1/10 User Rating 4.5/5 User Rating We’re producing over 20 emails a week, and the platform ensures every single one is on-brand, localized, and responsive, without any engineering effort. Megan Walsh Global Head of Lifecycle Marketing What3Words explored multiple localization solutions, but Phrase emerged as the indisputable frontrunner. Thanks to Phrase we have more control over our timelines. The languages team turns around a localization request in about a week, and this is never in doubt. Jamie Brown Chief Languages Services Officer at what3words Phrase has become an indispensable part of our localization strategy at BlaBlaCar . Our plans include scaling the range of materials localized within the Phrase platform, particularly our help center and customer relationship content. This in turn will bolster business, improve customer satisfaction, and drive loyalty. This strategic shift reflects the efficiency gains we’ve achieved through Phrase and our commitment to delivering top-quality services to our customers globally through streamlined translation and localization processes. Simon Rimbert Senior Localization Project Manager at BlaBlaCar Deliveroo wouldn’t have a localization process without Phrase. Investing in the Phrase Localization Platform, we have managed to centralize the process and ensure consistency with all types of content. Most importantly, thanks to Phrase, we’ve helped improve time to market and customer satisfaction in new regions. Cristina Marín Senior Localization Manager at Deliveroo The Zendesk partnership with Phrase enables us make the right decisions and helps with anything new that comes up. We have an open dialogue, and I trust Phrase to have the right solutions at the right time, so that we can grow with Phrase. Yoko Drain Sr. Director of Product Globalization at Zendesk Previous Next ISO27001 GDPR Compliant AWS Partner PCI DSS Reliable and secure The Phrase Localization Platform follows best practices in security, stability and performance. This means we comply with the Principles and Security Statements of ISO 27001, PCI DSS, AWS, CCPA and GDPR. Our infrastructure is one of the most resilient and robust available (zero downtime deployments and a 99.9% uptime), and we work hard to ensure it stays that way. Security at Phrase Suggested Reading Previous Next Case Study How FunPlus Built a Scalable Global Content Engine That Pays for Itself Ten Times Over Every day, the FunPlus content team manages updates across multiple live games and millions of players. In just three years, that team restructured its content operation into a connected, data-led… Read more News Phrase and Welocalize Expand Partnership with Joint AI Development Agreement to Power Enterprise Multilingual Content Seamless product integration provides  Phrase’s enterprise clients access to Welocalize’s OPAL Platform to streamline and automate translation Read more New episode: Why Localization Belongs In The Boardroom In this episode Nataly Kelly, Chief Marketing Officer at Zappi, joins host Jason Hemingway to explore why localization deserves a permanent seat in the boardroom, how to tie multilingual strategy… Listen here News Phrase Unveils New Multimedia Content Capabilities with Phrase Studio New multimedia localization capabilities added to the Phrase Platform, providing a broad range of intelligent audio and visual editing tools for customers. Read more Blog post The trust equation: why customers won’t engage if you don’t sound like one of them Trust is not earned through reach alone. Customers engage when brands sound familiar, culturally aware, and human. This article explores how language, tone, and local context directly impact trust and… Read more Blog post Why the future of manufacturing is omnichannel,  even for B2B B2B buying behaviour is changing fast. Digital-first buyers now expect the speed, transparency, and convenience of consumer experiences. This article explores how manufacturers are responding through omnichannel strategies, localized digital… Read more Want to find out more? Get in touch Request a demo © 2025 Phrase Contact us Get in touch Pricing & plans Request a demo Technical support Partners Careers Products Phrase Localization Platform Phrase TMS Phrase Strings Phrase Studio Phrase Language AI Phrase Custom AI Phrase Auto Adapt Phrase Quality Technologies Phrase Portal Phrase Orchestrator Phrase Data Phrase Analytics Integrations Solutions By role By use case For enterprises For non-profits For LSPs Resources Blog Podcast Webinars Resource hub Set up guides Newsroom Phrase Academy © 2025 Phrase Legal Privacy Sub-processors Cookies Security AI Whistleblowing Status Imprint