Pi-hole – Network-wide Ad Blocking Skip to content GitHub Core Web FTL Docker Community Discourse Reddit Twitter About Documentation Contact Privacy Brand Guidelines Developing Apps For Pi-hole Blog Shop Cart ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ Pi-hole ﻿ ® ﻿ ﻿ Network-wide Ad Blocking Install Sponsor Us Donate 1. Install a supported operating system You can run Pi-hole in a container, or deploy it directly to a supported operating system via our automated installer. Docker install Supported operating systems 2. Install Pi-hole Our intelligent, automated installer asks you a few questions and then sets everything up for you.  Once complete, move onto step 3. Install Pi-hole 3. Use Pi-hole as your DNS server Configure your router’s DHCP options to force clients to use Pi-hole as their DNS server, or manually configure each device​ to use the Pi-hole as their DNS server. Use Pi-hole as your DNS server 4. Block ads everywhere, even on the go By pairing your Pi-hole with a VPN, you can have ad blocking on your cellular devices, helping with limited bandwidth data plans. Pi-hole + VPN Network-wide protection Instead of browser plugins or other software on each computer, install Pi-hole in one place and your entire network is protected. Block in-app advertisements Network-level blocking allows you to block ads in non-traditional places such as mobile apps and smart TVs, regardless of hardware or OS. Improve network performance Since advertisements are blocked before they are downloaded , network performance is improved and will feel faster. Monitor statistics Our Web interface offers control of your Pi-hole and a central place to view statistics.  We also include an API for extending these stats. The Pi-hole Team The Pi-hole Developers are spread across the globe and work on the project in their spare time. We are a 100% remote-work team. Dan Schaper Co-Founder Core Developer Adam Warner Docker Maintainer Core Developer Dominik Derigs FTL Designer Core Developer Web Interface In addition to blocking advertisements, Pi-hole has an informative Web interface that shows stats on all the domains being queried on your network. Built-in DHCP Server Pi-hole works fine with an existing DHCP server, but you can use Pi-hole’s to keep your network management in one place. Manage White And Black Lists Fine-tune your experience by blacklisting or whitelisting domains.  Extend this capability with powerful regex statements . Query Log See all the domains being queried on your network, where they originated, and more. Long Term Statistics Queries are stored in a database and can be queried at any time.  Learn about what’s happening on your network over time. Audit Log Keep track of the most queried domains and add them to a white or blacklist from a central page. Privacy Modes Choose from four different privacy modes that works for your environment. Other Settings Control and configure other settings from the Web interface. ©  2025 Pi-hole.