Private Internet Access | Anonymous VPN Service Provider What is a VPN Why PIA Pricing Features No logs policy Dedicated IP Antivirus VPN router Apps Windows Linux Apple iOS Consoles macOS Android Chrome Smart TV Servers Blog Support Login Get Started with PIA VPN EN Bulgarian Čeština Croatian Dansk Deutsch Español Finnish Français Hebrew Indonesian Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Русский Română Svenska Türkçe Ukraine Vietnamese Ελληνικά العربية ไทย 日本語 简体中文 한국어 What is a VPN Why PIA Pricing Features No logs policy Dedicated IP Antivirus VPN router Apps Windows Linux Apple iOS Consoles macOS Android Chrome Smart TV Servers Blog Support Login EN Bulgarian Čeština Croatian Dansk Deutsch Español Finnish Français Hebrew Indonesian Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Русский Română Svenska Türkçe Ukraine Vietnamese Ελληνικά العربية ไทย 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Get PIA VPN Private Internet Access: a truly private VPN You deserve a VPN that is both reliable and trustworthy. Protect yourself online with the world’s most trusted VPN. Get 4 Months FREE Peace of mind starting from $1.98/month* "Private Internet Access out-performs and out-features the competition" - PCMag Why do I need Private Internet Access? Protect your privacy at all times With PIA your IP address is hidden so you can browse anonymously and in total privacy. Enjoy instant security with the VPN leader Protect your online identity and personal information. With PIA the web is a safer place. Say farewell to internet censorship Wherever you are in the world, you can access your favourite sites, services and content. GET STARTED NOW Want to know what a VPN is in less than 1 minute? Watch The Video Trusted By Companies Including: Risk Free. 30 day money back guarantee 1 Month $11.95 /mo. $11.95 per month Select Plan BEST DEAL — Save 83% 3 Years + 4 Months FREE $1.98 /mo. $478.00 $79.00 per three years Select Plan Includes Free 500 GB of Cloud Storage from pCloud (1 year) 1 Year $3.33 /mo. $143.40 $39.95 per year Select Plan ¹ The offer is valid for new customers only All amounts are shown in USD, and any discounts reflect a reduction based on the current monthly service pricing at $11.95 per month ³ You'll be billed at once at signup, and the free extra time is a one-time promotional offer. Bulk purchase? Get It Now VPN Features Secure VPN Account Encrypted WiFi P2P Support WireGuard® and OpenVPN 10 devices simultaneously Block ads, trackers, and malware Multiple VPN Gateways Unlimited Bandwidth SOCKS5 Proxy Included No traffic logs Instant Setup Easy to use GET STARTED NOW Our readers made it abundantly clear that Private Internet Access should be your first stop for protecting your private browsing data.   - Compatible with all popular desktop and mobile operating systems ... and 34 others We accept all kinds of payment methods ... including all major gift cards! Why Choose Us? Dedicated VPN Service No Traffic or Request logs US based corporation Quality and reliability Unbeatable price Gigabit VPN port speeds VPN service specialists Professional support staff SOCKS5 Proxy Included OpenVPN Premium VPN Bandwidth Unmetered VPN Transfer Anonymous VPN DD-WRT VPN Compatible Instant activation Proud Sponsor Of: Electronic Frontier Foundation FFTF Internet Society Open Rights Group Software Freedom Conservancy 6000+ Reviews Excellent VPN This is an excellent service and provides everything I need at a value price. It is by far the best VPN I’ve ever used. Ted Dec 4, 2020 Easy to use Easy to use. Very easy to set up on all my devices. Love this service and recommend it to everyone as a must-have for protection of privacy. Chad Dec 4, 2020 Service, Satisfaction, Confidence Great service that you can use with confidence. Easy to set up and very economical. Thanks PIA! Scott Dec 4, 2020 Want to know more? What is a VPN? A Virtual Private Network (VPN) masks your IP address and encrypts your internet traffic so all your online activities
are secure and untraceable. A VPN gives you full privacy and anonymity with everything you do online — like sending
emails, shopping, or banking. Without a VPN, using an unsecured Wi-Fi network means you could be exposing your private
data like passwords, logins, banking information, photos, and other internet traffic. How does PIA work? When you get started with PIA, you’ll download a simple app on your devices and activate the VPN. Then you’ll be connected
to your choice of the thousands of PIA servers around the world. Your IP address then instantly changes to one from the
server's location and your internet traffic becomes encrypted. You can use Private Internet Access to simply stay anonymous
and untraceable online, or unblock geo-restricted content by connecting to servers from different regions. Why should I trust PIA? Private Internet Access has worked hard to become the world's leading VPN provider. Launched in 2010, we have over a decade
of expertise in the VPN industry. We’re also one of the best-reviewed and highest rated VPN services in existence. We have
a strict no-logs policy that has pioneered true privacy and anonymity online. We also offer incredibly reliable service with
an ultra-fast server network that’s backed up by a 30-day money-back guarantee. Can I try PIA for free? Yes. The PIA mobile apps for iOS and Android offer a 7-day free trial period during which you can test out the PIA VPN and
decide if it's right for you. We also offer a 30-day money-back guarantee on all our plans if you’re less than satisfied
with your PIA VPN experience. What if I change my mind and want to cancel? No problem! You can change your mind at any time. All PIA plans come with a 30-day money-back guarantee so if you find out
PIA is not for you, just reach out to our Customer Service team within 30 days of your original purchase to get a refund. Why is PIA better than other VPN providers? PIA offers the best VPN service at a significantly lower price than our competitors. We also have a strict no-logs policy
which means that not even we can see your data. PIA also has more servers all around the world than any of our competitors
— meaning you get a secure, reliable VPN connection anytime, anywhere. PIA VPN also works with Netflix and all other major
streaming services so you have unrestricted access to all the content you want. Plus, with only one PIA subscription, you
can connect unlimited devices and use up to 10 devices simultaneously. Still Not Convinced? Try PIA Risk-Free You’re covered by our 30-day money-back guarantee. If you’re not satisfied, get a refund. Get Private Internet Access Private Internet Access has 10+ years of experience leading the VPN industry. With a strict no-logs policy, world-class server infrastructure, and transparent open-source software, PIA prioritizes your online privacy, security, and freedom above all else. Follow us on social media PIA VPN What is a VPN Why PIA Pricing Features Servers Download Blog Login Apps Windows macOS Linux Android Apple iOS Chrome Firefox Smart TV Programs Dedicated IP Refer a friend Affiliates Influencers Become a Partner Whitehat Program Resources What's my IP? DNS Leak Test Email Leak Test IPv6 Leak Test Company About Us Companies We Support PIA Site Map Help Support Portal Contact Us Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Policy DMCA Policy Export Control Policy Copyright © Private Internet Access, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Live Chat Need Help? Chat with us! Online