Piazza • Ask. Answer. Explore. Whenever. Sign Up Login Product In Professors' Words Professors Pricing Support About Us Piazza Talent Sign Up Instructors Get Started Students Get Started Looking for Piazza Careers Product? Login × Close Log In Email* Password* * Required fields Remember me Log in Forgot your password? Login with your school's credentials (SSO) × Close Sign up Instructors Get Started Students Get Started Product Professors Support About Us Piazza Talent The incredibly easy, incredibly engaging Q&A platform Save time and help students learn using the power of community Wiki style format enables collaboration in a single space Features LaTeX editor, highlighted syntax and code blocking Questions and posts needing immediate action are highlighted Instructors endorse answers to keep the class on track Anonymous posting encourages every student to participate Highly customizable online polls Integrates with every major LMS Students Get Started Professors and TAs Get Started View a Real Class Learn more about how Piazza complies with FERPA New to Piazza? Watch these videos to get started: Creating and configuring Your Class Announcing Piazza to students Posting your first note Piazza intro for students Our team is on standby to help you get started with Piazza. Email us at team@piazza.com if you need help! CLOSE Over 100,000 professors have chosen Piazza. Millions of students in thousands of universities in 90 countries are using Piazza. Click on an instructor to see why Jennifer Schwartz Chemistry “Many of the students who ask questions on Piazza just wouldn't get the opportunity to ask them otherwise.” Ron Lee Economics “I think it impoverishes the learning environment if students don't talk to other students. Piazza makes it very easy to get a discussion going.” Slobodan Simic Mathematics “Nowadays, colleagues tell me that their students always ask, 'Are we going to use Piazza?' It's sort of an expected thing now.” Paul Hegarty Computer Science “In the last few years, Piazza has replaced my entire website.” Hear from professors on how they use Piazza Click on a lecture to learn more Driving Student Engagement in Large Classes with Piazza Engaging Women in STEM Fields on Piazza Engaging Small Discussion Based Classes on Piazza Managing Effective Teaching Teams with Piazza Framing Student Behaviour with Piazza Tricks Bridging the Digital Divide with Piazza We're at 1,500 schools in 90 countries Find your school Arizona State University Boston University Brigham Young Unviersity Brock University CSU Long Beach Cal Poly Caltech Carleton University Colorado School of Mines Colorado State University DePaul University Florida International University George Mason University Georgia Tech Grand Valley State Illinois Institute of Technology Iowa State University James Madison University Johns Hopkins University Miami University Michigan State Michigan Tech University Missouri S&T University New York University North Carolina State Northeastern University Oregon State University Penn State RPI Rice University Rutgers University San Jose State University Stony Brook University Texas A&M Universtiy Texas Tech University The Ohio State University Tufts University U of I at Chicago U of M - Kansas City University of Alabama University of Arizona University of British Columbia University of Buffalo University of Chicago University of Cincinnati University of Col. Denver University of Colorado University of Connecticut University of Delaware University of Florida University of Kentucky University of Massachusetts University of Minnesota University of New Hampshire University of North Carolina University of Notre Dame University of Oregon University of Rochester University of TX at Dallas University of Tennessee University of Toronto University of Virginia Universtiy of Mass. - Lowell Virginia Tech Washington State Washington University in St. Louis University of Calgary University of Central Florida Arizona State University Boston University Brigham Young Unviersity Brock University CSU Long Beach Cal Poly Caltech Carleton University Colorado School of Mines Colorado State University Columbia University DePaul University Florida International University George Mason University Georgia Tech Grand Valley State Illinois Institute of Technology Iowa State University James Madison University Johns Hopkins University Miami University Michigan State Michigan Tech University Missouri S&T University New York University North Carolina State Northeastern University Oregon State University Penn State RPI Rice University Rutgers University San Jose State University Stanford University Stony Brook University Texas A&M Universtiy Texas Tech University The Ohio State University Tufts University U of M - Kansas City University of Alabama University of Arizona University of British Columbia University of Buffalo University of Calgary University of Central Florida University of Chicago University of Cincinnati University of Col. Denver University of Colorado University of Connecticut University of Delaware University of Florida University of Kentucky University of Massachusetts University of Minnesota University of New Hampshire University of North Carolina University of Notre Dame University of Oregon University of Rochester University of TX at Dallas University of Tennessee University of Toronto University of Virginia Universtiy of Mass. - Lowell Virginia Tech Washington State Washington University in St. Louis U of I at Chicago Arizona State University Boston University Brigham Young Unviersity Brock University CSU Long Beach Cal Poly Caltech Carleton University Colorado School of Mines Colorado State University Columbia University DePaul University Florida International University George Mason University Georgia Tech Grand Valley State Illinois Institute of Technology Iowa State University James Madison University Johns Hopkins University Miami University Michigan State Michigan Tech University Missouri S&T University New York University North Carolina State Northeastern University Oregon State University Penn State RPI Rice University Rutgers University San Jose State University Stanford University Stony Brook University Texas A&M Universtiy Texas Tech University The Ohio State University Tufts University U of I at Chicago U of M - Kansas City University of Alabama University of Arizona University of British Columbia University of Buffalo University of Calgary University of Central Florida University of Chicago University of Cincinnati University of Col. Denver University of Colorado University of Connecticut University of Delaware University of Florida University of Kentucky University of Massachusetts University of Minnesota University of New Hampshire University of North Carolina University of Notre Dame University of Oregon University of Rochester University of TX at Dallas University of Tennessee University of Toronto University of Virginia Universtiy of Mass. - Lowell Virginia Tech Washington State Washington University in St. Louis Show fewer schools Learn how Piazza works for your subject Click subject to view Computer Science Engineering Mathematics Physics Economics Chemistry Psychology Biology Our story Piazza is designed to connect students, TAs, and professors so every student can get the help they need when they need it. Today, millions of students across thousands of campuses are using Piazza for their classes. It warms me to think I started something that is impacting the way students learn and the way instructors teach. I sincerely hope Piazza enhances your experience as a student, as a TA, and as a professor. — Pooja Nath Sankar, Piazza Founder In the news About Our Story Piazza Network Investors Jobs Product Why Piazza Works LMS Integration Accessibility Support Professor Toolkit CTL Toolkit Help Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Terms of Service FERPA Compliance Copyright © 2025 Piazza Technologies All Rights Reserved Our terms changed on July 30, 2018. Please review the new Piazza Terms of Service .