picdrop - Best Photo Sharing Platform for Photographers Skip to content Why picdrop How it works Photo Sharing Photo Proofing Presentation Mode Collaboration Mode Image Management Pricing Help Learn Our Blog: The picdrop Academy How to Start a Photography Business Photography Marketing: 17 Key Strategies Professional Photography Pricing Guide Best way to share photos with clients Collaboration vs. Presentation: Which picdrop Mode Should I Use? Login English Deutsch Français Why picdrop How it works Photo Sharing Photo Proofing Presentation Mode Collaboration Mode Image Management Pricing Help Learn Our Blog: The picdrop Academy How to Start a Photography Business Photography Marketing: 17 Key Strategies Professional Photography Pricing Guide Best way to share photos with clients Collaboration vs. Presentation: Which picdrop Mode Should I Use? Login English Deutsch Français Sign up - it's free The Easiest Way to Share Photo and Video Shoots With Clients Create highly professional photo galleries in seconds and let your clients download, select and comment on their favourite shots. Bring selections back into Lightroom and Capture One and speed up your process like never before. Sign up - it's free Used by over 200,000 professional photographers and teams "picdrop manages to take the simple idea of sharing images to a new level, I can't believe someone didn't think of this sooner.​" Bryan Adams photographer/singer "My clients love the intuitive way to select their favorites and participate remotely on my photo shoots. It’s a game changer!​" Claudia Gödke food photographer "Intuitive, super fast uploads and downloads and my clients love the easy handling. Did anyone say game-changer, yet?" David Daub ad photographer What do you want to do with your shoots?​ Collaborate with clients, get feedback and selections on photos and videos From color tags to comments and annotations, clients can leave detailed feedback in your online galleries. Clients can also just tap ‘like’ or vote as a team to pick their favorite photos and videos. We keep it simple. Impress clients with elegant galleries for your final edits. No need for collaboration or feedback? Use picdrop’s presentation mode to create custom galleries that match your style. Deliver stunning, easy-to-use galleries and make your work shine. Clients can view and download with ease. Skip the file search! Save tons of time in Lightroom, Capture One etc. Locate your client’s selects in seconds with picdrop’s smart export tool No more endless searching and save time with every shoot. Start  for free today! All features One month No limits Trial ends automatically No hidden costs or commitments Sign up - it's free At the end of your trial, you’ll continue on our free plan. Upgrade anytime you’re ready! Used by over 200.000 photographers Uploaded over 15 million photo shoots And delivered 1.4 billion photos & videos Easy to use collaboration features for your non-techy clients Let clients highlight their favorite shots Yes? No? Maybe? They just click a color – you’ll know exactly what they want. Receive feedback directly on your images No guessing games. Clients draw what they mean, right on the photo. Disable downloads with one click Want to wait before they download? Just flick the switch. Use likes to mark favorites quickly – as easy as on Instagram Clients tap a heart, you see what they love. Familiar and fun. Get comments, right where you need them Clients leave feedback directly on each file. No emails, no confusion. Use team votes to agree on the best shots Let your client’s team align internally before sharing their favorites with you. We understand what pros need. Collaborate in real time! Whatever your clients do, mark, select, comment or scribble – everything works and shows in real time! Super easy to use Your clients aren’t techies. That’s why picdrop is designed in a way that you don’t need to teach them. All file formats and sizes We know that Pros share more than just JPGs. picdrop supports TIFF, PSD, PNG, RAW, MP4, MOV files and many more! Constantly improving We actively listen to our professional users. That’s why they trust us since more than 10 years. Crazy fast We value your and your clients time. That’s why picdrop offers super fast uploads and downloads. No logins needed Your clients, your connection. They don’t need to signup or login. Feels right, doesn’t it? Your data is safe picdrop respects your privacy and follows super strict data protection rules. It’s that easy. No AI. Of course, we don’t use your shots for anything, neither AI training nor anything else. Made by photographers picdrop was founded by a professional photographer and a designer. Loved by teams too. Simplicity is why thousands of companies rely on a tool originally built for photographers. picdrop for business is our lightweight and efficient Digital Asset Management system for teams! Say goodbye to your complex and costly DAM system Sign up - it's free What our happy users say: I am a big fan of picdrop and have been very happy with it for many years You all truly deserve the high praises and reviews you get I’m completely sold on this software Everyone should be using this picdrop has brought a lot of productive and visual moments that changed my work & visual world The best platform to share photographs I've ever used Awesome to share event-pictures directly after the event picdrop has made my client's selection process a whole lot better 4 more photographer friends of mine have switched to picdrop, because they liked the galleries I shared with them so much Can't praise this platform enough This is truly the best photo storage site I've worked with Decent pricing to keep pictures available over long time Superfast upload Sharing the photos with my clients is so easy for me and them So far, your platform is perfect. And I had demo'd ALL the others Having been looking for something better than everything I have used - your product is by FAR the best image sharing for pros PicDrop GmbH image sharing for pros Am Kupfergraben 4/4a 10117 Berlin Germany Help / Support picdrop for Business About us / contact Work with us! Our privacy policy Imprint Our GTC Cookies Help / Support picdrop for Business About us / contact Work with us! Our privacy policy Imprint Our GTC Cookies The picdrop Academy The picdrop Manifesto Become a partner Become an affiliate YouTube Instagram LinkedIn The picdrop Academy The picdrop Manifesto Become a partner Become an affiliate YouTube Instagram LinkedIn www.picdrop.com hello@picdrop.com Sign up - it's free