HOSTEK | Shared, VPS, & Reseller Hosting Provider We use cookies and analysis tools to improve your visitor experience, security, and personalized advertising. Learn more about our Privacy Policy. Accept All Manage Settings × Manage Cookie Settings Here you can manage the cookie settings. Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary to enable the main functions of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. Functional Cookies These cookies allow us to analyze how the website is used so that we can measure and improve its performance. Advertising Cookies These cookies are used by advertisers to show you advertisements relevant to your interests. Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Save Settings × Search Support English United Kingdom - English Sweden - Swedish USA - English Cloud Servers Cloud Server Platform Windows Cloud ColdFusion Cloud cPanel Cloud Other Configurations SmarterMail Cloud Lucee Cloud Self Managed Cloud Windows OS Cloud (no control panel) Linux OS Cloud (no cPanel) Why choose Hostek for your application servers? 99.999% Uptime Your uptime is ensured by a redundant infrastructure, 24/7 monitoring, and a money-back guarantee. First-Class Support Are you tired of slow and non-existent tech support? Our helpful US-based support team responds in minutes. Industry-Leading Performance We use higher-quality equipment than any other host we’ve ever seen. Experience the difference for yourself. Proactive Security We anticipate security issues and apply security patches to servers to prevent IT disasters before they happen. Hands-Free Server Management You are free to focus on your business, instead of your servers. We handle everything from daily management to patches and back-ups. Custom Solutions Whether you’re a small operation or a large enterprise, we can custom-configure a solution to fit your specific needs. WordPress Enterprise Enterprise WordPress Optimised Cloud Server Business WordPress Optimised Cloud Servers Shared Hosting Shared WordPress Optimised Hosting Plans What makes our WordPress Optimized Servers so great? We combined fast servers, guaranteed resources and a focus on security and then optimized every piece of the OS and backend application layers to be fully optimized for WordPress. Give your WordPress site the speed you want it to have. Are you trying to decide which host you can trust? One of the top comments we get from new customers is that they wish they would have tried Hostek sooner. With our un-matched customer support team, server engineers and redundant highly available infrastructure, Hostek can help you accomplish your IT goals. What is the difference in the WordPress VPS vs the WordPress Server? The WordPress VPS has less resources and works best for a single site. The WordPress servers have more resources, can handle a heavier load and/or more sites. Shared Shared Hosting Domains WordPress Optimized Shared Windows Shared ColdFusion Shared cPanel Shared Email Only AI-Powered cPanel AI Reseller Hosting Windows Reseller ColdFusion Reseller Get the right solutions for your business: Increase Website Speed Web page loading time is a critical factor for search engine optimization and the user experience. We will give your website the speed it deserves. Upgrade as You Grow We can upgrade your hardware as needed to accommodate business growth – all with zero downtime. Custom Small Business Solutions Need something more powerful or comprehensive? We can custom-tailor the right solution to fit your business needs and objectives. VPN and VLAN Configuration We offer multi-server solutions that provide secure, streamlined workflows for your business using a private network. Protect Customer Data There are several factors that go into protecting customer data. We apply, and regularly update, cutting-edge security protocols to ensure your servers remain secure. How do I protect my organization? We offer a perimeter firewall at all of our data center locations and install anti-virus software on every server, both at no additional cost, as a commitment to security. Enterprise Cloud Server Platform Windows Cloud Servers ColdFusion Cloud Servers WordPress Optimized Server Managed Services Managed Services on Hostek Managed Services on AWS Other Solutions Load Balancing - High Availability VPN and/or VLan Disaster Recovery What can you expect from Hostek Managed Services? Infrastructure Management We configure and maintain your infrastructure in one of our secure facilities to save you all of the time and space required to manage the infrastructure yourself. Load-Balancing Servers By load-balancing your servers, you can achieve even greater uptime by being able to reboot for security patches without bringing down your site or application. Industry-Leading Performance We use higher-quality equipment than any other host we’ve ever seen. Experience the difference for yourself. Geo-Failover Geo-Failover helps you further protect your application servers by having your application servers in two (or more) different data center locations. Strategic Partner As your strategic IT partner, we provide recommendations for the most efficient, cost-effective solutions that scale with your business growth. Dedicated Response Team You can count on responsive 24/7 support from our team of network and server specialists based in the US. Security Security SSL Certificates Internet VPN Monarx Self Help Security Articles Get the right solutions for your business: Increase Website Speed Web page loading time is a critical factor for search engine optimization and the user experience. We will give your website the speed it deserves. Upgrade as You Grow We can upgrade your hardware as needed to accommodate business growth – all with zero downtime. Custom Small Business Solutions Need something more powerful or comprehensive? We can custom-tailor the right solution to fit your business needs and objectives. VPN and VLAN Configuration We offer multi-server solutions that provide secure, streamlined workflows for your business using a private network. Protect Customer Data There are several factors that go into protecting customer data. We apply, and regularly update, cutting-edge security protocols to ensure your servers remain secure. How do I protect my organization? We offer a perimeter firewall at all of our data center locations and install anti-virus software on every server, both at no additional cost, as a commitment to security. About Hostek About Hostek Company Information Leadership Team Why choose Hostek for your application servers? 99.99% Network Uptime Your uptime is ensured by a redundant infrastructure, 24/7
                                                        monitoring, and a money-back guarantee. First-Class Support Are you tired of slow and non-existent tech support? Our helpful
                                                        US-based support team responds in minutes. Industry-Leading Performance We use higher-quality equipment than any other host we’ve ever
                                                        seen. Experience the difference for yourself. Proactive Security We anticipate security issues and apply security patches to
                                                        servers to prevent IT disasters before they happen. Hands-Free Server Management You are free to focus on your business, instead of your servers.
                                                        We handle everything from daily management to patches and
                                                        back-ups. Custom Solutions Whether you’re a small operation or a large enterprise, we can
                                                        custom-configure a solution to fit your specific needs. Contact us Blog Login Powerful Server Management You Can Rely On Cloud Server Hosting for Businesses of All Sizes Keep your data secure and your hardware up-to-date Upgrade as needed with zero downtime Save Time On Server Management Let Us Handle Everything for You Schedule Free Consultation Reliable Servers with Better Performance and Faster Support Where are you in your hosting journey? Personal & Small Business Self-Managed Shared Hosting Starting At £7.49 Per Month View Server Options ColdFusion Hosting Starting At £13.99 Per Month View Server Options WordPress Optimised Starting At £17.99 Per Month View Server Options ColdFusion Cloud Starting At £159.99 Per Month View Server Options No long-term contracts. Zero hidden fees. Windows 4 GB Starting At £24.99 Per Month View Server Options Linux Starter Starting At £24.99 Per Month View Server Options No long-term contracts. Zero hidden fees. Your Security is our priority Say Goodbye to Server Worries Backed by over 20 years of experience and a 99.999% network uptime with a 200% SLA guarantee. 3000+ Servers Managed 20+ Years Experience 15 000+ Satisfied Customers Global Data Center Locations Our continually expanding data centers are strategically located across the globe to provide uncompromising reliability and performance. Learn more about our Data Centers A Solution that Grows with Your Business When your business requires fast, reliable hosting to support business growth, choosing the right hosting partner is crucial. Our goal is to earn your business every month by offering powerful solutions backed by impeccable customer service you can always rely on. Plus, our solutions can scale as your business grows and we’ll guide you along every technological hurdle along the way. Discover why our customers say "I wish I would have found you first!" Trusted By Some Of The Worlds Best Companies Get the Right Solution for Your Business Needs Single Server Setup Multi-Server Setup Custom Enterprise Solutions Fast Cloud Servers Hostek runs some of the fastest servers available. Customers are delighted to find the increase in speed on our servers. Support You Can Count On Our 24/7 US based support team leads the industry in customer satisfaction. Whether you have a single server or a full infrastructure, our team is here for you. Upgrade as You Grow Your server can grow with your needs at any time by upgrading to a bigger package or adding a specific resource – all with zero downtime. Application Specific Servers You have the option to split your application or web site and database onto different servers to achieve overall performance improvements. Private vLAN For Secure Traffic We can enable a free vLAN for you to handle your data securely to or from the database server via a vLAN from the application/web server. Load Balancing Servers By load balancing your servers, you can achieve even greater uptime by being able to reboot for security patches without bringing down your site or application. Custom Configuration Get a solution designed for your specific needs, optimized for performance, reliability, security, and of course, your business objectives. Geo-Failover Geo-Failover helps you further protect your application servers by having your application servers in two (or more) different data center locations. Strategic Partner & Best Support Team As your strategic IT partner, we provide best-practice suggestions and server or performance recommendations to help your business succeed. Reliable Servers with Better Performance and Faster Support First-Class Support Are you tired of slow and non-existent tech support? Our US-based support team responds in minutes. 99.999% Uptime Your uptime is ensured by a redundant infrastructure, 24/7 monitoring, and a money-back guarantee. Disruption-Free Upgrades Enjoy new hardware and resources without the stress and hassle of downtime or unnecessary migrations. Proactive Security We proactively apply security patches to servers, solving IT disasters before they happen. Industry-Leading Performance Whether your site is read heavy or write heavy, we have a solution for you. Custom Solutions From startups to enterprises – we provide solutions as simple or as complex as your organization needs. What Our Happy Customers Are Saying About Us Trustpilot Hostek is a leading provider of managed server solutions for businesses ranging from small to enterprise, since 1998. Products VPS Hosting Reseller Hosting Shared Hosting SSL Certificates Domains SmarterTools Solutions Load Balancing VPN Custom Solutions Company About Hostek Success Stories Reviews Affiliates Careers Partners Leadership Support Client Area Self Help FAQs Service Status Submit Ticket Consultation Copyright © 2025 Hostek.co.uk - All rights reserved  | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy