PicLumen: Free AI Image Generator & AI Video Generator Online AI Tools AI Art Generator AI Video Generator AI Replace AI Image Extender AI Colorizer AI Upscaler Background Remover AI Models Nano Banana Nano Banana Pro Seedream 4 Seedream 4.5 Midjourney Qwen GPT-4o Sora 2 Veo 3.1 Gemini 3 Kling 2.6 Hailuo 2.3 Seedance Resources News Blog Tutorials FAQ iOS App Contact Us Community Discord Launch App Launch App ☰ AI Tools ▸ AI Art Generator AI Video Generator AI Replace AI Image Extender AI Colorizer AI Upscaler Background Remover AI Models ▸ Nano Banana Nano Banana Pro Seedream 4 Seedream 4.5 Midjourney Qwen GPT-4o Sora 2 Veo 3.1 Gemini 3 Kling 2.6 Hailuo 2.3 Seedance Resources ▸ News Blog Tutorials FAQ iOS App Contact Us Community ▸ Discord Free AI Image Generator Convert text into images effortlessly with PicLumen's free AI image generator. Type your idea, choose a model, and watch your text come to life. Generate for FREE Preview Endless Possibilities from Our AI Image Generator Explore the fascinating collection of AI-generated images in several styles and discover what's possible with PicLumen's AI picture generator. Concept art Character design Logo design Fashion design Product images Architecture Book illustrations Game assets Indoor design Posters & Flyers E-Commerce Concept art Character design Logo design Fashion design Product images Architecture Book illustrations Game assets Indoor design Posters & Flyers E-Commerce Explore AI-Powered Tools for Image Editing Go beyond a simple AI image generator with PicLumen's AI tools—fine-tune every detail of your creations. Background Remover Remove background in a click effortlessly. Image Upscaler Our AI upscaling technology can deliver crisp and clear images, significantly enhancing the detail and quality of your photos. It upgrades the image resolution while enlarging the picture to ensure a clear and vivid visual. PicLumen AI image generator offers several options for enlargement and the flexibility to manually adjust the redraw strength to precisely
                            control and correct image imperfections. Image Colorizer Bring black-and-white images & photos to life with vibrant, natural colors. Simply select the image, describe your color ideas, and click
                            submit, our cutting-edge AI image generator will give you a stunning result. Image Reference Our image-to-image AI offers three types of image references: character reference to preserve facial consistency; content reference to
                            reuse the outline of the reference image to create a new one; and style reference to assimilate and apply the aesthetic of a given image to your creations. Character Ref All SOTA Models in One Place Explore a complete lineup of state-of-the-art AI models — all unified in one creative platform.PicLumen brings together the world’s most advanced image
                            generation models in one seamless experience. From Nano Banana to Qwen-Image, Midjourney, Seedream 4, Flux.1 Kontext Pro and more — switch instantly, experiment freely, and generate breathtaking
                            visuals without leaving the platform. Whether you’re crafting anime art, photorealistic portraits, or surreal dreamscapes, PicLumen gives you the power of every SOTA model
                            in your hands. Get Inspiration in the Sea of PicLumen Creativity Explore our vibrant gallery of user-generated AI artworks, share your creations, and get inspired by the PicLumen community! Get Inspired Generate MacGyver 256 Boyer 384 Denesik 536 Walsh 234 Heller 153 Mohr 128 Schmidt 274 Marvin 285 Langworth 317 O'Keefe 192 Farrell 373 Rutherford 393 Powlowski 252 Cartwright 152 Dietrich 365 Join 2M+ Creators Loved AI Art Generation Community ! Create, inspire, and explore stunning AI art with our thriving global community. 2.3 Million + USERS 206 Million + IMAGES GENERATED maryam Rasheed Pakistan Very good experience generates picture very fast Marc Gordon South Africa For what you get, this is simply amazing! Thank you. Kayla Whelan Canada I love this generator and the fact that it’s free is amazing. I have been using PicLumen for quite some time and the keep things interesting with frequent updates. In my option one of the best image generators there is. Definitely
Do not be given the resort it should get from content creators Maureen Canada This is the best app for creating a consistent image,I also enjoyed the free lumen given. ericka United States Piclumen is great, you get a lot of options and generations with a free plan which is amazing, and you get even more for a monthly subscription at a decent price. they have different AI models to choose from too, overall it’s a nice community Ferdinand Cristobal Australia Easy to use, so many options for creating projects Scott Grace United States Realistic and affordable ai image to text image maker with all the bells and whistles Joel Myers United States Beautiful images created quickly & with amazing creativity Kitty Mexico ¡Es una excelente herramienta! amadeo de guzman jr. Philippines 5 stars,.always have an amazing experience transforming words into digital art at Piclumen Mandeep Singh India Very easy and simple but outcome is very professional Enock Ohemeng Consult Ghana I’ve been searching for the best Ai app for my thumbnails and boom 💥 I chanced on this on YouTube ads and Try it OMG! This is the best so far. I just generate my idea, go in to the app and let the app auto generate via my idea 💡 then boom 💥 fireworks 💥. The accuracy is unmatched. Thanks so mush the team crazy ideas 💡 and I love them. I wanna try the new feature for the video making and I’ll be back here with another rating. Niyo Bosco Burundi With no wonder this is the best image generator ai i have ever seen ❤️❤️ CARMEN N Spain Disfruto mucho en PicLumen, tanto haciendo imágenes, mirando las que otros hacen, participando en concursos, aprendiendo. Cuando me ha surgido algún problema (muy pocas veces) me han atendido rápida y amablemente. Estoy contenta de haber encontrado esta IA. Jeevitha Mohan India I enjoy working in PicLumen. Great Experence. Get free credits every single day Which helps me to practice. Thank You PicLumen. Isma humayun Pakistan Too good! Its super easy and helpfull! I just created the exact vision using this app! Worth trying for everyone ! Williams, Aniyah United States i really love it it was so creative and i got to create so many cooking vidoes Kavee Sri Lanka Easy to use, affordable, and produces high-quality AI images with great customer support. Ankit jaiswal India Very nice and very important app for me this was amazing Feng United States very good image creator,really helpful. solved my current problem. Thank you! Edit Your Photos on the Go Use all our Al-powered photo editing tools on your phone, available for all iOS and Android. Have Questions? We have Answers! Want to know more? You can email us anytime at service@piclumen.com Launch App What is PicLumen? PicLumen is an online platform that offers AI image generation, editing, and video creation services. At PicLumen, creators can generate stunning AI images with the latest SOTA models and edit them with upscaling , inpainting , extending , and more. Meanwhile, PicLumen offers the convenience of making videos with creators' generated AI images. Is PicLumen free to use? Yes, you can try PicLumen AI image generator for free. PicLumen grants each creator a daily reward of free lumens. However, free users have limited usage rights. Is PicLumen AI image generator free for commercial use? Yes, you can use PicLumen to generate AI images or AI videos for commercial use. And you don't need to pay a penny to PicLumen for commercial use. But sometimes, to create more images or videos, you may need to buy more lumens or upgrade your account. What makes PicLumen one of the best AI image generators? PicLumen is one of the best AI image generators because of the reasons listed below: Integrates the latest AI image generation models, such as Midjourney , Seedream , Qwen, and Nano Banana . Enables creators to edit, upscale, inpaint, colorize, and outpaint the generated AI images. Creators can remove the background of their pictures with PicLumen. Allows fresh users to improve their text prompts with efficient tools like Auto Translate, Prompt Enhance, and Describe.Offers one-click tools to new creators to
                                    generate instant results that satisfy their needs. How to use PicLumen AI to generate images? To create with PicLumen, please follow these easy steps: Step 1: Create an account and sign in to this platform. Step 2: Locate the ""Create"" page and mark the ""Image"" or ""Video"" zone based on your needs. Step 3: Choose the model you prefer and describe your creative ideas in the ""Prompt"" area. Step 4: Select the aspect ratio and number of images you want, and click ""Generate"" to start the creation process. Does PicLumen allow NSFW AI image generation? No, it doesn't all NSFW AI image generation at this time. The ability to generate and display NSFW images is still under debate in some countries. To prevent minors from accessing inappropriate content, PicLumen temporarily blocks all NSFW content. Can I generate AI videos with my creation on PicLumen? Yes, you can. Once you get your AI images created, choose the one you want to generate a video with, click the "Video" button in the bottom right corner, type your imagination idea in detail, and click the "Generate" button. Wait a few seconds for your video to finish. Create Your AI Artworks Now! Turn your concepts into creative visuals with PicLumen's free AI image generator. Begin your journey and bring your imagination to life. Generate for FREE Your AI image toolbox. Your AI image toolbox. English 日本語 Deutsch Español 中文 (繁體) Português Italiano Français 한국어 AI Tools AI Art Generator AI Video Generator AI Replace AI Image Extender AI Upscaler AI Colorizer Background Remover Support FAQ Tutorial Contact Us Studio © 2024-2025 Grand Vision Tech Software Limited. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy DMCA Copyright Policy Security Policy Cookie Policy We use cookies to provide you with better experience. By continuing, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed our Cookie Policy Accept