Pindrop | Fraud & Deepfake Defense for Contact Centers & Virtual Meetings Your meetings, fortified with Pindrop® Pulse. Now on Zoom, Webex by Cisco, and Microsoft Teams. See how → Your meetings, fortified with Pindrop® Pulse. Now on Zoom, Webex by Cisco, and Microsoft Teams. See how → Platform Platform DEEPFAKE DETECTION Pindrop® Pulse for Meetings Minimize the risk from deepfakes in virtual meetings, while giving teams the confidence to collaborate securely. Pindrop® Pulse for Contact Centers Enable your contact center agents to identify synthetic voices, providing critical security to customer calls. FRAUD DETECTION Pindrop® Protect Reduce fraud and better protect customer accounts with near real-time fraud risk assessments. CUSTOMER AUTHENTICATION Pindrop® Passport Reduce operational costs and lower average handle time with hassle-free, multifactor authentication. VeriCall® Technology Assess call risk without interrupting the agent or customer experience. Reports 2025 Voice Intelligence and Security Report June 12, 2025 2 minutes read time Solution Solution Our solutions meet the voice security needs of contact centers in various industries, taking a comprehensive approach to fraud detection, deepfake detection, and authentication. BY NEED Deepfake Detection Spot synthetic speech early and reduce the impact of AI-driven deception. Meeting Security Catch deepfakes in virtual meetings before they turn into costly damage Multifactor Authentication Enable secure access through voice, device, and behavioral signal checks. IVR Fraud Uncover probing activity inside IVRs and help reduce downstream fraud. IVR Containment Keep high-risk calls in the IVR and ease pressure on live agent teams. Voice Analysis Surface risk indicators from live and post-call voice interactions. Fraud Detection Limit fraud exposure using layered risk, behavior, and call signal analysis. BY INDUSTRY Banking + Finance Reduce fraud across IVR, agents, and self-service. Insurance Support secure claims, policy workflows, and customer conversations. Healthcare Detect spoofing and protect access to patient services. Retail Block refund abuse, loyalty fraud, and account misuse. Case Studies Pindrop® Pulse Helps Leading U.S. Insurer Protect Against AI Threats September 24, 2025 11 minutes read time Partners Partners Combat security threats with industry-leading deepfake and fraud detection—directly integrated in your current contact center technology and virtual meeting platforms. LEARN MORE Zoom Equip live deepfake analysis of participants in Zoom’s comprehensive video conferencing platform. Cisco Defend interactions against fraud and deepfakes in both contact centers and virtual meetings. Verizon Leverage Verizon media forking to authenticate inbound calls securely. Five9 Help detect fraud and support authentication inside your Five9 contact center. Amazon Add voice risk scoring inside Amazon Connect calls with Pindrop. Google Cloud Bring voice fraud detection and authentication to your GCP workflows. Genesys Embed real-time voice checks into Genesys Cloud CX flows. BT Group Strengthen your organisation with robust security against AI-powered threats. Technology Partners Explore platforms that support Pindrop voice security integrations. Articles Enhanced Pindrop Integrations Simplify Migration from Amazon Connect Voice ID June 4, 2025 3 minutes read time Research + Insights Research + Insights Track how Pindrop is shaping the future of voice security as AI, deepfakes, and synthetic speech evolve. Learn More BY TYPE Articles Uncover sharp perspectives from the team that flagged deepfake voice threats before they went mainstream. Webinars Join live and on-demand sessions led by industry experts shaping the future of voice security. Reports Explore original data and industry-first insights on how AI is transforming voice fraud—and how to stop it. Guides Follow trusted frameworks from the leaders in securing voice channels at scale. BY TRENDING TOPIC Agentic AI in Action When autonomous systems impersonate, deceive, and defraud Deepfake Manipulation The use of synthetic voices to exploit trust and identity Virtual Meetings Risk What happens when fake participants enter real conversations New Fraud Behaviors Techniques fraudsters are using to evade detection and exploit systems TRENDING One Year Later: Michigan State University Federal Credit Union Minimizes Fraud Exposure by Millions Fortune 500 Insurer Detects 97% of Deepfakes and Stops Synthetic Voice Attacks with Pindrop® Pulse Pindrop® Pulse Helps Leading U.S. Insurer Protect Against AI Threats VIEW ALL CASE STUDIES Company Company In a digital world where human and machine converge, Pindrop provides the tools to answer one critical question: Who’s really on the other end? Learn More About Us We provide the tools to answer one critical question: Who’s really on the other end? Newsroom Company announcements, media coverage, and the latest from Pindrop in the press. Leadership Meet the visionaries driving Pindrop’s mission to secure voice interactions worldwide. Careers Together, we can redefine the possibilities of voice authentication for a safer and more connected world. Customer Support Learn about our dedicated expertise to deliver enhanced protection and seamless performance. Contact Us Reach out with media inquiries, partnership opportunities, or general questions. In the news How deepfake AI job applicants are stealing remote work July 11, 2025 1 minute read time Schedule a call Deepfake defense starts with Pindrop. With GenAI, fraud is surging in business channels. Take the first step and fortify your systems now. Explore the power of Pulse As seen on Voice or video— verified Catch impostors early and authenticate before damage is done—saving data and dollars. Find your solution Deepfakes in contact centers Detects AI-generated content within seconds—before it hurts your team. Learn More Deepfakes in meetings Identifies impostors in live meetings, helping you block risks as they appear and secure sensitive info. Learn More Multifactor authentication Analyzes call metadata, behavior, and more to verify customers quickly, without the need for outdated security methods like OTPs. Learn More IVR fraud defense Detects account reconnaissance and alerts agents to suspicious activity in your Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system. Learn More IVR containment Verifies callers in the Interactive Voice Response (system)—helping spot fraud before it reaches an agent. Learn More Call intelligence Matches the caller’s voice to their enrolled voice profile in the background without requiring caller or agent action. Learn More Threat monitoring Minimizes false positives to reduce fraud losses, and increase customer protection at every stage of the call with real-time detection. Learn More Your meetings are the new target Impostors can slip into everyday virtual conversations—stealing data, misleading teams, and leaving you exposed. Continuous participant checks—built into your existing platforms—stop the threat before it spreads. Detects deepfakes with 99% accuracy + Over 5 billion calls analyzed since inception Tech backed by 12+ years of proprietary + industry data Recognized as an industry leader with 270+ voice security patents What our customers are saying Explore real customer stories. Learn how companies see results with Pindrop® solutions. Explore our case studies “Pindrop performed for us 34% better than what we projected in fraud loss cuts.” Steve Furlong Director of Fraud Management, First National Bank Omaha read the case study “Pindrop just seemed to be more forward-thinking than the other vendors we looked at. For example, their work surrounding deepfakes was considerable, and it seemed like they were leading the charge more so than the competition.” Colleen Cole VP of Call Center, Michigan State University Federal Credit Union read the case study “Prior to working with Pindrop, we had no visibility but now we can recognize and categorize different types of fraud – not only via the phone channel but also mobile deposit and online banking – and identify trends.” Erinn O’Keefe Fraud Analyst, Affinity Plus Federal Credit Union read the case study “The original technology was created by Pindrop; they are the originators of fraud detection; how could we choose anyone other than them?” Anonymous Pindrop® Customer Assistant VP of Digital Services, Anonymous Credit Union read the case study Related research + insights Access expert research, detailed guides, and practical resources on voice security to strengthen your contact center’s defenses. Start learning Article Deepfake Text Detection: A CISO’s Readiness Checklist December 12, 2025 3 minutes read time Article How to Strengthen Caller Verification When STIR/SHAKEN Falls Short December 5, 2025 4 minutes read time Article A Smart Start: Why the AI Fraud Deterrence Act is a Promising Proposal for Financial Security December 4, 2025 4 minutes read time Sources + disclaimers + In combination with Pindrop multifactor authentication and fraud detection platform. Pindrop, “ Effective Signal-Modified Deepfakes Liveness Detection ,” August 2023 Digital trust isn’t optional— it’s essential Take the first step toward a safer, more secure future for your business. PLATFORM DEEPFAKE DETECTION Pindrop® Pulse for Meetings Pindrop Pulse for Contact Centers FRAUD DETECTION Pindrop® Protect CONTACT CENTERS Pindrop® Passport VeriCall® Technology CAPABILITIES Voice Device Behavior Risk Liveness SOLUTIONS BY NEED Deepfake Detection Deepfakes in Meetings Multifactor Authentication IVR Fraud IVR Containment Voice Analysis Fraud Detection BY INDUSTRY Banking & Finance Insurance Retail Healthcare PARTNERS CALL CENTER Google Cloud Amazon Connect Verizon Genesys Five9 BT Group DEEPFAKE Webex Zoom COMPANY COMPANY About Us Leadership Newsroom Careers Customer Support Glossary LEGAL Privacy Terms of Use Statement on Modern Slavery Pulse Deepfake Warranty UNITED STATES +1 404 721 3767 [email protected] Contact us © 2025 Pindrop Security. All Rights Reserved. Also of Interest What is Spoofing What is Text-to-Speech What is Machine Learning