The vector database to build knowledgeable AI | Pinecone Pinecone Dedicated Read Nodes are in Public Preview: Predictable speed and cost for billion-vector and high-QPS workloads - Learn more Dismiss Product Docs Customers Resources Pricing Contact Log in Sign up Build Knowledgeable AI The vector database for scale in production Start Building Get a Demo { rag } { search } { recommendations } { agents } Performance at scale for { } The purpose-built vector database delivering relevant results at any scale. Learn More Customer workload: Popular productivity app providing instant Q&A across company knowledge Total vectors Namespaces Global writes per day Trusted in production The world's most innovative companies are already in production with Pinecone. USE CASE: RECOMMENDATIONS Read case study Gong achieves efficient vector searches, empowering Smart Trackers to offer users precise and relevant examples for concept tracking in conversations. USE CASE: SEARCH Read case study Before Pinecone, Vanguard’s customer support teams relied on keyword-based search solutions to search for documents where answers to a customer’s question may live. With Pinecone and hybrid retrieval, they boosted customer support with faster calls and 12% more accurate responses. USE CASE: AGENTS "Pinecone also supports hybrid search , combining sparse and dense embeddings, to deliver a more robust and accurate search experience. This flexibility allows us to optimize costs and performance, whether dealing with enterprises with extensive documentation or smaller companies with fewer pages." USE CASE: RAG "Pinecone aligns with our vision to democratize data accessibility for all engineers, and we're excited to uncover more potential with its new serverless architecture. " Developer Experience Scale simplified Fully managed and serverless for effortless scaling. Rapid setup Launch your vector databases in seconds. Serverless scaling Resources adjust to meet your demand automatically. Rock-solid reliability Trust in consistent uptime for your critical applications. agent/retriever.py Quickstart guide from pinecone import Pinecone

pc = Pinecone("<API KEY>")

pc.Index("semantic-search")

index.query(
   namespace="breaking-news"
   vector=[0.13, 0.45, 1.34, ...],
   filter={"category": {"$eq": "technology"}},
   top_k=3
) Search Relevance, delivered Advanced retrieval capabilities for precise search across dynamic datasets. Embeddings Choose from our leading hosted models or bring your own vectors. Optimized recall Benchmark leading algorithms maximize recall with low latency . Filters Retrieve only the vectors that match your metadata filters . Real-time indexing Upserted and updated vectors are dynamically indexed in real-time to ensure fresh reads. Full-text search Get an exact keyword match with sparse indexes when semantic search isn't enough. Rerankers Add an extra layer of precision with rerankers to boost the most relevant matches. Namespaces Create partitions of your data with namespaces to ensure tenant isolation. Learn how to achieve best-in-class relevance with cascading retrieval View sample code Works where you do Use Pinecone with your favorite cloud provider, data sources, models, frameworks, and more. Explore Integrations Enterprise-ready AI Meet security and operational requirements to bring AI products to market faster. View Security Secure With encryption at rest and in transit, hierarchical encryption keys, private networking, and more, your data is secure. Contact us to deploy a privately managed Pinecone region within your cloud. Reliable Powering mission-critical applications of all sizes, with uptime SLAs, support SLAs, and observability. Compliant Control your data and know it's safe. Pinecone is SOC 2, GDPR, ISO 27001, and HIPAA certified. Start building knowledgeable AI today Create your first index for free, then pay as you go when you're ready to scale. Start Building Get a Demo Subscribe to Pinecone Subscribe Product Vector Database Dedicated Read Nodes Assistant Documentation Pricing Security Integrations Resources Community Forum Learning Center Blog Customer Case Studies Status What is a Vector DB? What is RAG? Company About Partners Careers Newsroom Contact Legal Customer Terms Website Terms Privacy Cookies Cookie Preferences © Pinecone Systems, Inc. | San Francisco, CA Pinecone is a registered trademark of Pinecone Systems, Inc.