PinkLion Digital - Unleashing Worldwide Digital Ads Potential Home Services Products Publishers Advertisers About us Contact us Unleashing Worldwide Digital Ads Potential PinkLion’s publishing house for CTV, Mobile and Desktop media. We bring together exceptional brands with top-tier publishers Contact  us Our services A power sales house for publishers - endless opportunities for advertisers multi-channel monetization We're focused on monetizing multiple traffic channels by matching advertisers with ideal ad placements, boosting fill rates per request across platforms. Data-Driven Insights Leverage comprehensive data for strategic targeting decisions. Our innovative marketing solutions result in cutting-edge strategies for publishers. All Integrations Fully Supported We support unlimited Header Bidding and QPS, oRTB Endpoint & Tag-based supply integrations. As you scale up with us there are no surprises. Innovative Management tools We grant partners access to the PinkLion platform, ensuring transparency and control. We enable independent campaign management while providing dedicated human support. Premium Brand Partnerships Collaborate with top-tier brands to deliver exceptional results & boost the performance & prestige of your ad spaces. Stability and Long-Lasting Alliances It’s not enough to occasionally hit the KPIs. We tirelessly collaborate with partners for mutual satisfaction, treating excellence not just as a gig but as a carefully executed routine. Our products Our unique tools for sites & apps Audio podcast Player tool A service that turns text into lifelike podcasts, allowing you to create longer engagements between your content and your users. Engagement Boosting Tool Quizzes and Polls, Story and Custom engagements, Branded story strip, Videos engagements, Personality tests. Publishers Why Monetize with Us? Thousands of premium & exclusive advertisers choose to advertise with us around the clock. Collaborate with us to gain access to the hottest campaigns in the market. Our edge Maximizing fill-rate Exclusive brand demand 24/7 dedicated support Advertisers Why Advertise with Us? Our cross-screens international reach grants the world’s advertisers exposure to the relevant audiences with their brands targeted precisely and accurately. We offer each client a tailor-made campaign setting & performance according to their specific needs & targets. Our people and technology work hand-in-hand to ensure the best results. Our rich media reach Connected TV Mobile in-app Desktop Quality Control IVT Scan AI Optimisations Human Factor A bit about our executive team PinkLion Digital was founded by an elite squad of programmatic experts with over 20 years of mutual ad monetization experience, and a track record of exceptional success. PLD offers monetization solutions with cutting-edge technology alongside our top-notch service. Focusing on data-driven growth for businesses, marketers benefit extensively from our proven results. Our proprietary programmatic solution followed by our extensive industry knowledge drives outstanding performance. Contact us Lets discover innovative ways to elevate and optimize your monetization strategies together, paving the way for new opportunities and growth! new publisher application form Programmatic hub: CTV, Mobile and Desktop media info@pinklion.io Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2024 PinkLion LTD, All Rights Reserved.