Pipedream | Connect APIs, AI, databases and more Pipedream has joined Workday Learn more Pipedream has joined Workday Learn more Pipedream has joined Workday Learn more Pipedream has joined Workday Learn more Product Solutions Developers Resources Pricing Star Sign in Sign up Product Solutions Developers Resources Pricing Star Sign in Sign up Star Sign in Sign up Users Users Developers Users Users Developers Users Users Developers What do you want to automate? What do you want to automate? What do you want to automate? Prompt, run, and deploy AI agents in seconds Prompt, run, and deploy AI agents in seconds On GitHub issue, create Linear issue Send an email with Gmail Taylor Swift concerts Tweetstorm generator Brand monitoring Daily calendar summary AI model monitoring Email categorization Nike shoe drops Daily calendar summary Add a Google Sheet row Send message to Slack Earnings call summaries Nike shoe drops Send an email with Gmail Brand monitoring Send message to Slack Earnings call summaries New user sign ups Tweetstorm generator On GitHub issue, create Linear issue Add a Google Sheet row Daily calendar summary Email categorization AI model monitoring Taylor Swift concerts Trusted by 1,000,000+ developers from startups to Fortune 500 companies Trusted by 1,000,000+ developers from startups to Fortune 500 companies Trusted by 1,000,000+ developers from startups to Fortune 500 companies What do you want to automate? Get new emails What do you want to automate? Get new emails What do you want to automate? Get new emails AI Agent Builder Prompt, run, edit, and deploy AI agents in seconds. Try for free AI Agent Builder Prompt, run, edit, and deploy AI agents in seconds. Try for free AI Agent Builder Prompt, run, edit, and deploy AI agents in seconds. Try for free One SDK, 1000s of integrations Pipedream Connect provides the end-to-end developer toolkit to add any integration to your app or agent in minutes. Learn more One SDK, 1000s of integrations Pipedream Connect provides the end-to-end developer toolkit to add any integration to your app or agent in minutes. Learn more One SDK, 1000s of integrations Pipedream Connect provides the end-to-end developer toolkit to add any integration to your app or agent in minutes. Learn more Every quarter Every month Every week Every day Every hour Every minute Every second Check for new leads Every quarter Every month Every week Every day Every hour Every minute Every second Check for new leads Every quarter Every month Every week Every day Every hour Every minute Every second Check for new leads Workflow builder Pipedream is the fastest way to automate any process that connects APIs. Try for free Workflow builder Pipedream is the fastest way to automate any process that connects APIs. Try for free Workflow builder Pipedream is the fastest way to automate any process that connects APIs. Try for free Supabase Shopify Google Drive Linear Notion Google Sheets Anthropic Supabase Shopify Google Drive Linear Notion Google Sheets Anthropic Supabase Shopify Google Drive Linear Notion Google Sheets Anthropic MCP servers for consumers & developers Add 3,000+ APIs with 10,000+ tools to your agent in minutes with Pipedream MCP's server. For Users For Developers MCP servers for consumers & devs Add 3,000+ APIs with 10,000+ tools to your agent in minutes with Pipedream MCP's server. For Users For Developers MCP servers for consumers & developers Add 3,000+ APIs with 10,000+ tools to your agent in minutes with Pipedream MCP's server. For Users For Developers 3,000+ integrated apps Use managed authentication across 3,000+ apps and build agents to solve any use case. Explore apps 3,000+ integrated apps Use managed authentication across 3,000+ apps and build agents to solve any use case. Explore apps 3,000+ integrated apps Use managed authentication across 3,000+ apps and build agents to solve any use case. Explore apps Access 10k tools Embed pre-built tools (triggers and actions) directly in your application or AI agent. See documentation Access 10k tools Embed pre-built tools (triggers and actions) directly in your application or AI agent. See documentation Access 10k tools Embed pre-built tools (triggers and actions) directly in your application or AI agent. See documentation One click, built-in services Create agents quickly with built-in queue, data stores, and one click private networks. Learn more One click, built-in services Create agents quickly with built-in queue, data stores, and one click private networks. Learn more One click, built-in services Create agents quickly with built-in queue, data stores, and one click private networks. Learn more Build fast with AI Prompt, run, edit, and deploy agents in minutes, with code generation for any API. Try for free Build fast with AI Prompt, run, edit, and deploy agents in minutes, with code generation for any API. Try for free Build fast with AI Prompt, run, edit, and deploy agents in minutes, with code generation for any API. Try for free Secure by design Pipedream puts security and privacy at the core of its architecture. With certifications like SOC 2 Type II, HIPAA, and full GDPR compliance, it’s built to meet the demands of modern development teams handling sensitive data. Security at Pipedream GDPR Compliant DPA Agreement HIPAA Compliant SOC II Type 2 Secure by design Pipedream puts security and privacy at the core of its architecture. With certifications like SOC 2 Type II, HIPAA, and full GDPR compliance, it’s built to meet the demands of modern development teams handling sensitive data. Security at Pipedream GDPR Compliant DPA Agreement HIPAA Compliant SOC II Type 2 Secure by design Pipedream puts security and privacy at the core of its architecture. With certifications like SOC 2 Type II, HIPAA, and full GDPR compliance, it’s built to meet the demands of modern development teams handling sensitive data. Security at Pipedream GDPR Compliant DPA Agreement HIPAA Compliant SOC II Type 2 Platform Introduction Quickstart Code Components Connect MCP Projects String.com Workspaces Apps Airtable integrations AWS integrations Hubspot integrations Notion integrations OpenAI integrations Salesforce integrations Slack integrations Stripe integrations Pipedream vs. Tray.ai Workato AWS Lambda Zapier Make Resources Blog Changelog Community Documentation Explore Templates Webhooks Company About Us Careers Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookie Settings © 2025 Pipedream, Inc. — San Francisco, CA Platform Introduction Quickstart Code Components Connect MCP Projects String.com Workspaces Apps Airtable integrations AWS integrations Hubspot integrations Notion integrations OpenAI integrations Salesforce integrations Slack integrations Stripe integrations Pipedream vs. Tray.ai Workato AWS Lambda Zapier Make Resources Blog Changelog Community Documentation Explore Templates Webhooks Company About Us Careers Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookie Settings © 2025 Pipedream, Inc. — San Francisco, CA Platform Introduction Quickstart Code Components Connect MCP Projects String.com Workspaces Apps Airtable integrations AWS integrations Hubspot integrations Notion integrations OpenAI integrations Salesforce integrations Slack integrations Stripe integrations Pipedream vs. Tray.ai Workato AWS Lambda Zapier Make Resources Blog Changelog Community Documentation Explore Templates Webhooks Company About Us Careers Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookie Settings © 2025 Pipedream, Inc. — San Francisco, CA