Everything you need to manage your sports club online Club Website Features Pricing Rankings Case Studies Sign Up GPS Trackers Features More Clubhouse Book demo Webinars Blog Help centre Login Toggle Main Menu Trusted by 10,000 Clubs Award winning technology for sports clubs Club Website GPS Trackers Club Website Mobile Apps Club Membership Player Registration Online Payments Hosting GPS Trackers Website + App + Membership + Payments + GPS Trackers The complete club solution Website and app Create a smart website in minutes with free complimentary iOS and Android apps. Member registration Register members with a custom form and store all membership records online. Online payments Collect payments for membership and match fees using all major credit and debit cards. Team management Give coaches digital tools to manage their fixtures, players and parents online. Competitions Update fixtures, results, match stats and league tables using the Pitchero mobile apps. GPS trackers Improve player performance and reduce injuries with our innovative GPS player tracker. 70,000 teams - 10,000 live club websites - 1.5 million users Proven. Trusted. Built for sport. With over 10 years of experience, Pitchero has built the best-in-class platform to create a club website and
            manage your club membership online. What our members say It was almost revolutionary for the club! Preston Basketball Andrew Thrower I’m not amazing at technology and I find it very easy. Leeds & Broomfield Cricket Club Matt Mustill That’s one of the things I’d say to anyone thinking about Pitchero, the general user experience is really good. Even when you’re starting from scratch, it probably took me just an afternoon to set it all up. Coventry Corsairs Ben Riley In all honesty, I don’t think we would have been able to play hockey without it City of York Not only is Pitchero a simple way for players and captains to pay and collect match fees, it also saves a huge amount of time. Reading Cricket Club Jacqui Salazar It’s the best place to get what we want to say out there and it’s accessible to everyone. Whitby Town FC Liam Ryder Why Pitchero? Our mission Increase club membership Make it easy for parents and players to find and join your club, with professional digital services; websites, apps and online registration. Recruit and retain club volunteers with innovative time saving features making their role easy and enjoyable. Discover Club Website Increase club revenue Manage your club finances online. Collect membership fees and match fees using digital apps. See who-has and has-not paid in seconds, ending missed payments and maximising your club revenue. Discover Club Website Improve player performance Provide players with GPS trackers and record their performances. Measure volume and intensity metrics, record top speeds and acceleration. Increase your win rate by helping players improve with accurate training and match analysis. Discover GPS Trackers Reduce club admin Stop using paper forms, excel or email. Modernise your club management with online tools. Manage your entire club online and save volunteer time and stress. Discover Club Website The Future of Club Payments The cost of collecting club payments should be as low as possible. Pitchero can offer the lowest fees in the U.K., beating the fees offered by other providers. Book Demo Proven, trusted by 10,000 clubs A technology first approach to club and team management Easy to use Every tool we build is designed for a club volunteer with minimal IT experience. Our features are
                    powerful but easy to use. Time saving We want to help club volunteers do more with their valuable time by removing duplication and paperwork. Safe and secure All content and data is stored safely and securely online, meeting GDPR guidelines. All payments are
                    collected using FCA intermediaries with military grade security. Dedicated support team and personal account management We are your #1 Supporter Pitchero are always available to help you. With in depth support articles, a local support centre and a
                        personal account manager to help you through setup and improving your club Visit Help Centre We host regular webinars that cover a range of topics giving you all the knowledge you need to make the
                        most of the Pitchero platform Visit Webinars No.1 provider across the UK and Ireland The backbone of UK sport No other digital platform unites more clubs or teams online than Pitchero, reaching millions of players, parents and
                    coaches every month across web, mobile apps and social media. 10,000 clubs Over 10,000 clubs use Pitchero to manage their website, mobile apps and members. 70,000 teams Pitchero unites over 70,000 teams across 10 different sports. 1.5m members Over 1.5m players, parents, coaches and supporters are active across Pitchero. 500k followers Across social media our accounts reach over 500,000 followers every week. Read Case Studies VS A single solution to club management Pitchero enables you to manage every aspect of your club or team in one easy-to-use platform. With Pitchero, there is no need to pay for multiple services to run your club. Get Started News, Reviews and Features From the blog News | November 20 2025 Why Your Club Needs a Safeguarding Lead (And How to Support Them Properly) Joe Smith News | November 18 2025 The New Secretary's Survival Guide: Your First 90 Days Running a Grassroots Club Joe Smith News | November 16 2025 The Numbers Behind a Great Performance: What Your Best Match Actually Looked Like Joe Smith Read More Club Website Features Case Studies Pricing Rankings Free Website For Sports Clubs Football Club Website Cricket Club Website Free Websites For Hockey Clubs Free Websites For Rugby Clubs Pitchero Club App Pitchero Manager App GPS Trackers Features Contact Sales Clubhouse Blog Help Centre Webinars Company About us Advertising Careers Technology GDPR Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Security policy Manage Consents © Pitch Hero Ltd 2008-2025 Pitch Hero Ltd registered in England | WF3 1DR | Company number - 06361033 Digital advertising by Minute Media