Privacy-first Google Analytics Alternative - App & Web Analytics - Matomo Skip to content Menu MENU MENU Why Matomo? 100% Data Ownership Privacy Protection Product Features Open Source Flexibility No Data Sampling GDPR Google Analytics Alternative List of all features Use Cases Complete Analytics Intranet Analytics Consent-Free Tracking Tracking Personal Data Marketing Attribution No Limitations Log Analytics Integrations Case Studies Cloud On-Premise Matomo On-Premise On-Premise vs Cloud Download for free Marketplace Support Plans Pricing Pricing Contact Sales Resources Help Centre Blog NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide Ebooks Masterclasses Contact the Matomo team Get involved English English Français Log in Help TRY IT FOR FREE Explore the new Data Warehouse Connector feature. Let’s go → Web & app analytics for teams who demand accuracy Other web & app analytics give you estimates, Matomo gives you answers. Track 100% of available traffic with confidence. Try it free with email No credit card required. Matomo On-Premise Try free Cloud trial No credit card required. Matomo On-Premise Trusted on over 1 million websites in over 190 countries . Boost your website performance in three easy steps Start a 21-day free Cloud trial. No credit card required Add tracking code to your website or mobile app Start improving your website using real-time data, features and reports Start a 21-day free Cloud trial. No credit card required Add tracking code to your website or mobile app Start improving your website using real-time data, features and reports TRY IT FOR FREE Recognised as a leading global web analytics solution 4.8 out of 5 4.8 out of 5 4.8 out of 5 Don’t damage your reputation with Google Analytics You could lose your customers’ trust and risk damaging your reputation if people learn their data is used for Google’s “own purposes”. By choosing the ethical alternative, Matomo, you won’t make privacy sacrifices or compromise your site. You can even use Matomo without needing to ask for consent. Read more. Be in full control with  data ownership and privacy protection With 100% data ownership you get the power to protect your user’s privacy. You know where your data is stored and what’s happening to it, without external influence.

We’re serious about privacy here at Matomo and keeping your business GDPR and CCPA compliant. Take back control of your data now The 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide Discover how to build a privacy-first marketing strategy that drives results while maintaining trust and compliance. Get the guide The 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide Discover how to build a privacy-first marketing strategy that drives results while maintaining trust and compliance. Get the guide More reasons why our clients love Matomo Google Analytics Importer No need to sacrifice your historical Google Analytics data as you can import your GA data directly into your Matomo. Learn more Tracking personal data Securely track personal data in accordance with privacy laws. This option is unavailable with GA. Learn more 100% accurate data No data sampling means you can make impactful decisions based on 100% accurate reporting. Learn more Open source Minimise risk with a secure, transparent platform that’s been thoroughly tested by hundreds of contributors. Learn more No data limitations Get an unlimited number of websites, users, and segments. There’s also no limitation on how much data you store. Learn more Easy to use Easily navigate through a user-friendly interface to get the data you need, faster. Enhanced insights The comprehensive range of features gives you actionable insights and a complete picture of your customers. Learn more Adjust to your needs Create the tool of your dreams. Matomo can be customised and extended to meet your every need. Learn more Support Matomo experts will save you time and money by providing guidance on how best to use your Matomo. Learn more TRY IT FOR FREE No credit card required What our clients say about us We’re trusted on over 1 million websites in over 190 countries. "Europa Analytics is based on Matomo which is the leading open-source analytics platform that provides relevant and reliable insights into user behaviour. The data and information collected by Matomo is 100% owned and controlled by the European Commission. This guarantees compliance with strict privacy regulations and laws. Matomo is used by more than 1,000,000 websites worldwide, including large corporations, SMEs, governments & non-profit organisations."​ European Commission ec.europa.eu/commission We absolutely love Matomo. The more we learn about this platform, the more we understand what an incredible value is being provided. We evaluated a handful of paid analytics platforms this year and found no compelling reason to switch. Michael Fatica - MetaLocator Chief Executive Officer "No matter whether we are working with granular or big-picture data, we always have confidence that we are making user-benefited decisions based on a complete data set. And having full control of our Matomo data is critical - we get to choose exactly how it's stored, managed and deleted." Philip Aggrey - Majestic Commercial Operations "Given our tradition in libraries to protect reader privacy, a compelling argument can be made that Google Analytics is inappropriate for libraries. After a review of alternatives to GA following Edward Snowden's revelations, we selected Matomo as a replacement for GA. Matomo is a free, open source, and most importantly, supports local data collection." Adam Chandler - Cornell University Library Director "Matomo and Pimcore share a similar philosophy. Both are based on the doctrine that intellectual property such as software should be available to enterprises for free without having to pay any licensing cost. Both give companies full ownership and control of all data they collect and store. 
Thank's to the Matomo team for all your help and support! This tight integration makes all the new reporting features on our roadmap possible. We must admit that we are quite proud that Pimcore is currently the only content and user experience management system with a Matomo core integration." Christian Kemptner - Pimcore Marketing & Partners Manager Read more testimonials TRY IT FOR FREE No credit card required Company About Matomo History Contributors Hiring Contact Us Partner Programme Support Help Centre Developers Contact support Sales Contact Sales Plans & Pricing Product Tag Manager WordPress Plugin URL Campaign Builder Integrations Open Source Download Matomo Changelog Issue Tracker GitHub Feedback Panel Data Warehouse Connector Industries Banks Enterprise Financial Institutions Fintech Legal Cookie Notice Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy Website Terms of use Matomo Cloud Terms of Service Matomo Cloud Data Processing Agreement (DPA) Matomo Marketplace Terms and Conditions Support Plan Services Terms and Conditions Resources Blog Case Studies Newsletter Guides Masterclasses Matomo in the Press Press Enquiries GDPR Timeline How to Check Website Traffic Comparisons vs Google Analytics vs Amplitude vs Adobe Analytics vs Google Analytics vs Piwik PRO vs Firebase vs Plausible vs Fathom vs Hotjar vs WP-Statistics vs Mixpanel Top Web Analytics Tools Privacy Data ownership GDPR Security © 2025 matomo.org