AI-Automated Sports Camera, Streaming & Analytics | Pixellot This site uses cookies. Some of them are essentials while other help us improve your experience. Read Our Privacy Policy I Accept Decline Home of Pixellot Products Pixellot Show (Streaming) Pixellot Air NXT (Portable) Pixellot DoublePlay Pixellot OTT Automatic Highlights Pixellot Analytics - Advantage Sports Types Soccer Basketball Ice Hockey Field Hockey Baseball Softball American Football Rugby Lacrosse Volleyball Handball Other Sports Solutions Produce Stream Analyze Monetize Clients Broadcasters & Distributors Production Companies Leagues & Federations Rights Holders Telcos Venue & Facility Owners Clubs & Teams Colleges & Universities High Schools Youth Teams Company About Team News Press Releases FAQ Careers Blog Use Cases Contact Contact Us Every Sport Deserves to be Broadcast. Every Athlete Deserves to be Seen. Sports organizations and media companies trust us for end-to-end AI-automated content and production solutions for all of the brilliant athletes out there Play Video Contact Us WHAT WE DO We capture, produce, and share more live sports than anyone in the world, AI-Automatically. CREATE Capture and produce all your games. Pixellot's AI-automated technology allows you to do it all, automatically, remotely and cost-effectivley for 19 types of sports. STREAM Stream every game to any screen. Our advanced sports OTT platform offers a customizable UI/UX for maximum fan engagement and enhanced ROI. ANALYZE Track and analyze every aspect of the game, and let coaches and trainers identify areas for improvement and fine-tune training and game programs to maximize performance. MONETIZE Create new revenue streams by engaging fans, families, recruiters, and subscribers, and unlocking innovative business models. FIND YOUR BUSINESS MODEL Pixellot’s partners and clients worldwide use our end-to-end solution to stream and monetize thousands of games every day. From high school and college sports in the US through developing competitions in Europe to emerging leagues in Africa & Asia. Discover how Pixellot can transform your sports organization and drive new sources of revenue. Learn More The biggest sports production platform in the world! 5005124 Total Games Broadcast 163185 Games Last Month 38480 Systems Around the World 80 Countries FEATURED PRODUCTS PIXELLOT DOUBLEPLAY The world's first automated multi-camera production solution for baseball and softball. VIDSWAP DATA & ANALYTICS Pixellot’s game breakdown and analytics platform designed specifically to serve sports organizations, coaches, leagues, and teams. PIXELLOT SHOW S3 The most popular AI-camera in the world. Produce and stream 19 types of sports automatically with graphics, ads, commentary and highlights. PIXELLOT AIR A sophisticated yet simple-to-use portable camera that films sports at a high level. Join more than 10,000 clubs and teams around the world. PIXELLOT OTT Engage viewers, subscribers, and advertisers, unlocking innovative business models and new opportunities for monetization using our whitelable OTT. AUTOMATIC HIGHLIGHTS Now, every sports organization can expand their content offering and reach, with zero effort and maximum wow! all of your favorite sports SOCCER BASKETBALL ICE HOCKEY BASEBALL SOFTBALL AMERICAN FOOTBALL RUGBY VOLLEYBALL HANDBALL SOCCER BASKETBALL ICE HOCKEY BASEBALL SOFTBALL AMERICAN FOOTBALL RUGBY VOLLEYBALL HANDBALL WHO WE WORK WITH... UAE FA KFA (Korean FA) Argentinian Football Federation FIBA Aprroved Software Portuguese Football Federation Sportsengine AWS Amazon Partner LakePoint Sports GC (Game Changer) Olympique Lyonnais FC Basel Scottish Premiership Telekom Srbija Portuguese Handball Federation Dyn Media NFHS Network Maccabi Tel Aviv Real Sociedad ACF Fiorentina Benfica Stats Perform BasketBallCity Red Bull Media Israeli Football Association Spanish Ice Sports Federation FLOSPORTS Levira La Corte Israeli Basketball Association IMG Grupo Globo NEP America East Conference Sportradar SPFL Genius Sports Get-Live Hungarian Ice Hockey Federation NTT Sportict Supersport Football Association of Ireland ATM Media ESPORT+ 3STEP The Croatian Basketball Federation Bavarian Basketball Association Chilean Football Federation Hungarian Football Federation Real Betis Newcastle University The Players League Southampton FC NTBA Cooperstown Village CM'IN MLB Sports Recruits Ireland Basketball Italian Football Coaches Association Kronen Zeitung Shanghai Football Association THE TROPHY CABINET 2025 Partnership of the Year | STA Group 2024 Social Impact Award | ISE Awards 2024 STA Group Power List 2024 Best Tech Company | SportsPro OTT 2024 BaM Awards | NAB Show 2023 VideoTech Innovation Awards 2023 Top 100 Next Scale-Ups 10 Most Innovative Sports Tech Companies in 2023 2022 NAB Next TV Best in Market 2021 Power Brand 2020 Sports Business Awards SATIS AWARDS 2020 NAB product of the year 2019 2018 - Entrepreneurial Company of the Year 2018 - Gartner Cool Vendor in AI for Media and Entertainment Best Israeli Startup in Social & Media 2018 - Top 20 Hottest Israeli Startups 15 Most promising Startups in 2019 This is another progressive step for the game of basketball in Ireland. It will facilitate a high-quality broadcast of all events at the National Basketball Arena and take fan experience and commercial opportunities of the sport to a new level. Pixellot’s technology has the potential to become a viable broadcasting solution for our clubs, allowing them to showcase their teams, from grassroots right through to the Super League and Division 1 on basketballireland.tv. John Feehan CEO, Basketball Ireland We are excited to partner with Pixellot. This partnership will provide the highest quality video coverage for families and fans in local and regional markets, while also showcasing players’ talents more broadly through state-of-the-art automated production technology. Pixellot will help us capture all the action for local communities, scouts, and baseball fans everywhere. John D'Angelo SVP Amateur & Medical, MLB The introduction of this cutting-edge technology will enable us to broadcast more games than ever before. Additionally, the accompanying coaching tools that Pixellot provides will help improve overall performance of teams in the league making this initiative a big win for both clubs and sports fans. Marc Jury CEO, SuperSport “The Pixellot partnership allowed us to increase the live events broadcasted per school from 20 to +100 per season and helped us expand our target market from 20% of schools to 100%. The best thing about the technology is that once the unit is installed and games are scheduled – it just works! Brett MacKinnon General Manager, Sportsengine We feel so fortunate to work with Pixellot to enhance the sports event experience for youth sports fans everywhere. This partnership allows us to bring more sports events to our athletes, families and fans than ever before, with an uncompromising commitment to quality and accessibility. Tania King CEO, 3STEP Sports After testing Pixellot’s AI-Automated technology, we immediately realized that it allowed us to produce games at scale with limited human intervention. We believe it is the perfect solution for this type of tournament coverage (Junior NBA), and hopefully many more in the future. Mark Koski CEO, NFHS Network Choosing an innovative company like Pixellot allows us to embrace new technologies to improve our infrastructure and deliver a robust production solution. Pixellot’s technology is field-proven, and it made complete sense to make it an integral part of our production workflow. Andreas Heyden Chief Executive, Dyn Media “Joining forces with Pixellot allows us to shine a spotlight on youth and women’s basketball like never before. We’re excited to leverage this technology to enhance our visibility and attract more support and followers. Nadeesh Kattur VP, Youth and Youth Competitive Sports WBV Pixellot and Spring Media represent that ideal combination of innovative technology and an engaging fan-focused streaming platform that will finally give our supporters the wall-to-wall live coverage they crave. Theo van Gerwen CEO, IJS Hockey Federation We aspire not only to remain on the forefront of technology but to offer all our players an equal opportunity. We are happy to offer our fans more than 1,200 live games from this season onwards with Pixellot.” Amiram Halevi Chairman, IBBA Pixellot’s AI-automated cameras and OTT platforms allow us to showcase the immense talent and passion of our futsal community to a global audience, to grow the game and inspire the next generation of players. Joe Lesher Marketing Director, Rose City Futsal Our partnership with Pixellot represents a significant step in our digital transformation, revolutionizing league coverage and providing an immersive, data-rich experience for fans, coaches, and players. Hugo Freitas CTO, Portuguese Football Federation Thanks to Pixellot, we’re not just broadcasting our games; we’re revolutionizing the way we are connecting with our fans and promoting field hockey. Cédric Deleuze President, Top Hockey League With Pixellot’s technology, we are well-equipped to maintain our momentum in youth football and continue to nurture talent on a national scale. Niv Goldstein CEO, Israel Football Association @FollowUs ; Pixellot @Pixellotltd · 12 Jun 1933125380170551545 1 vs 3? No problem. Blew by the first, bullied the second, bounced off the third - and still finished. AND 1! 💪🔥#TooStrong #AndOne #TripleTrouble Twitter feed video. Reply on Twitter 1933125380170551545 Retweet on Twitter 1933125380170551545 0 Like on Twitter 1933125380170551545 0 X 1933125380170551545 Load More Events Japan Sports Week Tokyo, Japan | June 25-27 News Pixellot and TPE Partner to Eliminate Video Workflow Friction for Ice Hockey Teams about Pixellot and TPE Partner to Eliminate Video Workflow Friction for Ice Hockey Teams Pixellot, PlayOn offer coaching platform for free about Pixellot, PlayOn offer coaching platform for free CBC/Radio-Canada to Provide More Access to Canadian Youth Sports Using Pixellot’s AI-Powered Cameras about CBC/Radio-Canada to Provide More Access to Canadian Youth Sports Using Pixellot’s AI-Powered Cameras Israel Volleyball Association partners with Pixellot for live AI-powered broadcasts and highlights about Israel Volleyball Association partners with Pixellot for live AI-powered broadcasts and highlights The Dutch Ice Hockey League Enters New Era with Spring Media and Pixellot about The Dutch Ice Hockey League Enters New Era with Spring Media and Pixellot View All It’s Showtime Lets talk About Career Blog Reviews Webinars Pixellot Top © Pixellot. All rights reserved Studio Costa Privacy Policy Vimeo DSR CCPA YouTube Accessibility Close SPEAK WITH A SALES EXPERT Reach out to sales by filling in the form. * First Name * Last Name * Email * Company/Organization * Country Andorra United Arab Emirates Afghanistan Antigua and Barbuda Anguilla Albania Armenia Angola Antarctica Argentina Austria Australia Aruba Aland Islands Azerbaijan Bosnia and Herzegovina Barbados Bangladesh Belgium Burkina Faso Bulgaria Bahrain Burundi Benin Saint Barthélemy Bermuda Brunei Darussalam Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Brazil Bahamas Bhutan Bouvet Island Botswana Belarus Belize Canada Cocos (Keeling) Islands Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Central African Republic Congo Switzerland Cote d'Ivoire Cook Islands Chile Cameroon China Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Cape Verde Curaçao Christmas Island Cyprus Czech Republic Germany Djibouti Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Algeria Ecuador Estonia Egypt Western Sahara Eritrea Spain Ethiopia Finland Fiji Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands France Gabon United Kingdom Grenada Georgia French Guiana Guernsey Ghana Gibraltar Greenland Gambia Guinea Guadeloupe Equatorial Guinea Greece South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Croatia Haiti Hungary Indonesia Ireland Israel Isle of Man India British Indian Ocean Territory Iraq Iceland Italy Jersey Jamaica Jordan Japan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Cambodia Kiribati Comoros Saint Kitts and Nevis South Korea Kuwait Cayman Islands Kazakhstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Lebanon Saint Lucia Liechtenstein Sri Lanka Liberia Lesotho Lithuania Luxembourg Latvia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Morocco Monaco Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Saint Martin (French part) Madagascar Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Mali Myanmar Mongolia Macao Martinique Mauritania Montserrat Malta Mauritius Maldives Malawi Mexico Malaysia Mozambique Namibia New Caledonia Niger Norfolk Island Nigeria Nicaragua Netherlands Norway Nepal Nauru Niue New Zealand Oman Panama Peru French Polynesia Papua New Guinea Philippines Pakistan Poland Saint Pierre and Miquelon Pitcairn Palestinian Territory, Occupied Portugal Paraguay Qatar Reunion Romania Serbia Russian Federation Rwanda Saudi Arabia Solomon Islands Seychelles Sudan Sweden Singapore Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Slovenia Svalbard and Jan Mayen Slovakia Sierra Leone San Marino Senegal Somalia Suriname South Sudan Sao Tome and Principe El Salvador Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Swaziland Turks and Caicos Islands Chad French Southern Territories Togo Thailand Tajikistan Tokelau Timor-Leste Turkmenistan Tunisia Tonga Turkey Trinidad and Tobago Tuvalu Taiwan Tanzania Ukraine Uganda United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Holy See (Vatican City State) Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Venezuela Virgin Islands, British Viet Nam Vanuatu Wallis and Futuna Samoa Yemen Mayotte South Africa Zambia Zimbabwe * State N/A Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming * Phone * Business Type: Club College Betting Broadcaster Federation League Production Company Right Holder Service Provider School Sports Venue Other Sport Basketball Football Soccer Tennis Hockey Ice Hockey Field Hockey Roller Hockey Volleyball Beach Volleyball Baseball Softball Wrestling Lacrosse Netball Rugby Handball Futsal Other * Product/ Solution interest Broadcasting (Pixellot Prime) Streaming (Pixellot Show) Portable solution (Pixellot Air) Pixellot Analytics (VidSwap) OTT solution I don’t know * Description Please verify you are not a robot I'd like to get occasional updates and announcements By clicking the above button you read and understood our Privacy Policy THANK YOU FOR YOUR MESSAGE We'll get back to you ASAP! Close JOIN THE AI ERA! +30,000 Pixellot systems have been sold to production companies, sports portals, sports federations, leagues, clubs, venues and coaching solution providers around the world. Our global team is spread across the world and will be happy to help You. Need help? We're here for you! support@pixellot.tv Follow Us