About Pixel Federation - Pioneers in Creative Gaming Shop Company Pixel Federation Help About us Creating immersive, innovative gaming experiences worldwide. Forums Join the conversation in our community forums. Career Join our team and help shape the future of gaming. Support Get help and support for all your gaming needs. Events Join us at one of our upcoming events to learn, share ideas, and connect with us. Rewards Free rewards with Pixel ID Activities Free Rewards Claim your free rewards and enhance your gaming experience. Wheel of Fortune Spin the wheel to get free Pixel Coins About Pixel ID Learn more about Pixel Coins and Pixel ID benefits Reward Code Enter the code and claim it for great rewards. Create Pixel ID With Pixel ID, you'll gain a range of benefits and increase the security of your account. Play Play here on web More Games Trainstation 2 Experience history & solve logistic problems with your huge train collection! Puzzle Adventure Do you have what it takes to solve challenging puzzles and escape from the virtual labyrinth? Diggy’s Adventure Dig your way through ancient worlds full of mysterious quests and puzzles. Port City Collect ships, transport goods & complete contracts to grow your empire. Trainstation Become a railroad magnate and enjoy the largest collection of trains from all periods. Emporea Get ready and crush your enemies in competitive multiplayer battles! Seaport Get ready for an exciting journey through the history of ships! TrainStation 3 Get ready for an epic journey: TrainStation 3. Shop Pixel Shop Game shops Browse Shop Explore our shop for exclusive items, special offers & bonuses. Diggy’s Adventure Dig your way through ancient worlds full of mysterious quests and puzzles. Create Pixel ID With Pixel ID, you'll gain a range of benefits and increase the security of your account. Puzzle Adventure Do you have what it takes to solve challenging puzzles and escape from the virtual labyrinth? Trainstation 2 Experience history & solve logistic problems with your huge train collection! TrainStation 3 On the Rails: Crafting the World of TrainStation 3 Login Company About us Career Events Forums Support Rewards Free Rewards About Pixel ID Create Pixel ID Wheel of Fortune Reward Code Play Trainstation 2 Diggy’s Adventure Trainstation Seaport Puzzle Adventure Port City Emporea TrainStation 3 Shop Browse Shop Create Pixel ID Diggy’s Adventure Puzzle Adventure Trainstation 2 TrainStation 3 Login PLAYERS TO PLAYERS We are Pixel Federation, founded by 4 game enthusiasts in 2007, today we entertain over 140M players worldwide We develop and publish free-to-play games, available on Android and iOS, Facebook and here on our PIXEL portal site. 142 Milion PLAYERS 260 People WORKING IN PIXEL 17 Years ON THE MARKET 50.9 Milion REVENUE IN 2021 Projects we support Education is a topic which has a special place in our hearts.That’s why we are happy to support projects focused on gamification in education. For more Pixel insights, follow us on Facebook & Instagram PIXEL FEDERATION, s.r.o. Einsteinova 19, 851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia Company Identification Number: 36816388 VAT Number: SK2022424998 DSA contact Socials Instagram Facebook Youtube LinkedIn Pixel Federation Media assets Press releases Privacy Notice Terms and conditions Manage cookies Our games ©2015 - 2026 Pixel Federation