Enjoy Playing Pixies in the Forest Slot for Fun | Guide to Play Pixies in the Forest $1 Deposit Casino Welcome Bonus Free Online Slots Queen of the Nile Slot Big Red Pokie Online Casinos Supercat Casino Bao Casino Syndicate Casino Wins now Marti* 905 $ Big Red Pokie Shann* 1 852 $ 5x Magic David* 2 775 $ Excalibur Donal* 2 800 $ Wild Witches James* 863 $ Wish Upon a Jackpot Richa* 600 $ Fortune Teller Jose* 994 $ Alchymedes Karl* 919 $ Abundance Spell Franc* 1 186 $ Attraction John* 506 $ Secret of the Stones Walte* 1 972 $ Lady of Fortune Larry* 1 121 $ African Spirit Steph* 2 110 $ Pixies in the Forest Mathe* 1 258 $ Fire Queen Zaida* 936 $ Queen of the Nile Slot Pamel* 673 $ Alchemist Pixies in the Forest Pixies in the Forest Play for money Play game Fortune Teller Play game Secret of the Stones Play game Alchymedes Play game African Spirit Play game 5x Magic Play game Abundance Spell Play game Lady of Fortune Play game Excalibur Play game Alchemist Play game Wild Witches Pixies in the Forest Slot Free Play – Full Guide Pixies in the Forest is another fantasy-themed online slot designed by IGT. The slot has 5 reels and 99 active paylines. It's one of those top-quality and thrilling online slots that will usher in a captivating mood while playing. Pixies of the Forest  pokies real money is mainly characterized by tinkling laughter, rustling leaves, and soothing background music. Other top features include Tumbling Reels and the Free Spins. The game has its theme set in a forest with Celtic borders separating each reel.  These reels are all covered with leaves, making the game quite a fantasy for those who love a forest experience. When you play Pixies of the Forest slot, you are fully engrossed in a surreal experience where you’ll see an enchanted forest with high green trees and other elements spread all over. Besides that, be sure to experience the attractive visuals that make it look like you are in a dream-like world full of fairies, secrets, and charm. The game has its logos on each reel, and you’ll see many images of pixies using their magic to bring good luck to you. Ordinary cards represent the game's low-ranking symbols, while pixie-related symbols represent the high-ranking ones. Pixies with purple hair and blond brunettes are the most notable ones among the symbols you should look out for. Pixies of the Forest real money game is a perfect example of a slot with laid-out features that is easy to understand and play. This online slot, launched in 2012, is an online gaming depiction of all secrets you can find in a forest. To some, it might look like a fantasy game; however, playing the Pixies of the Forest slot game also allows you to win ridiculous great prizes. Software Igt Slot type Video Slot Year launched 2012 Theme Magical Rtp 94.90% Mobile-friendly No Bonus game No Free spins Yes Progressive jackpot No Multiplier No Gamble No Wild symbol No Scatter symbol No Autoplay option No Paylines type Fixed Reels 5 Rows 3 Paylines 99 Lines pay Left To Right Both ways No Min coin value per line $0.01 Max coin value per line $30 Min bet level 33 Max bet level 33 Min $0.33 Max $990 Maximum win 25000000 Coins Play for money Features, Sound & Theme The Pixies of the Forest slot machine has an intriguing background, theme, and features. You'll find a peaceful background made of a blooming forest with trees spread all over. The reels in this game have a complex Celtic-style border, with the leaves separating them. If it’s your first time, you may hardly notice all the details making up the game’s theme as the winged fairies are the first thing that will get your full attention. The three fairies featured in this slot machine sum up the game’s captivating theme.  They all stand separate from each other, with one bearing bright purple hair. The other two are a brunette with a beautiful headband, whereas the third one is a lovely blonde. Play Pixies of the Forest Real Money However, these aren't the only images you'll find in the Pixies of the Forest slot machine, as other featured images such as the Wild bonus, Pixies of the Forest logo, and the card values of ace, king, and queen are all present to grab your attention. The game's sounds include the tickling laughter, the soft background music, and the rustling leaves.  Features of this game include; Tumbling Reels Tumbling Reels are one of the unique and exhilarating features you'll find on the Pixies of the Forest slot machine.  If you want to have a clear picture of these reels, you should achieve a winning combination set to trigger it. The feature ranks as the most popular among players, thanks to its availability in both Pixies of the Forest free slot and base play. Every symbol involved in the winning combination that triggers this feature automatically disappears as symbols tumble from above to fill all the available empty positions. Auto spin The auto spin feature comes in the form of a button that allows you to make automatic spins. With this feature, you can abandon your ongoing game without necessarily stopping it. The automatic spins in the Pixies of the Forest slot game run at the same speeds as the regular spins, and you have an equal chance of winning as you do when spinning by hand. Playing Pixies of the Forest Slots Real Money The online version of the Pixies in Forest slot game is quite similar to the one you'll find in most machines in land-based casinos. This online slot version is well adapted to an extent you'll hardly notice the difference between them. Therefore, if you’ve played the game in any land-based casino, it shouldn't be a problem for you to get started with the online one. However, it’s always recommended to try the Pixies of the Forest free play before you opt to play for real money. This prepares you in advance without running any risk of losing money. Well, here is how you can play the Pixies of the Forest mobile version. First, the game is played across five reels with slots for each of the three symbols. The settings of this game allow for a single coin to be played with each spin. You can also change the game’s course by playing all the 99 fixed paylines for 33 spins. This means you stand every chance to emerge victorious if you take this route. Here is how you need to go about it: Hit the "Coin Value" button to understand what coin size you’ll wager. If your bet is fixed, you need to gamble at least 1/3 of the coin for each line. This translates to your maximum bet amounting to 33 times that of the coin size. Once done, the auto spin button will move the reel a predetermined number of times. The corresponding spin button will only spin the wheel once. Playing Pixies of Forest slot is fun while at the same time rewarding. Besides the considerable number of bonuses, you stand to benefit from while playing, the soothing music and an excellent theme will keep you concentrated and entertained on the game. Pixies in the Forest Free Spins and Bonuses Like most of the online slots developed by IGT, expect to find free spins in the Pixies of Forest slot. Given the bonus symbols appear on an active pay line, you can be assured of free spins. If you match up at least 3 of the bonus symbols along an active win line, you get to trigger the free spins in the game. You are offered a maximum of 11 free spins you can use at once. Win Pixies of the Forest Slot Machine No Download App In a single spin of Pixies of the Forest machine, you stand to win up £250,000 in real cash. But, this is only possible if you are into a high-stakes game. You should also know the house will always have an upper edge when playing in their casino. This explains why you need to be well-equipped with the best tips for winning casino games. For the Pixies of the Forest slot games, most casinos take a 7 percent pay as a house edge, whereas you'll walk home with a 93 percent as a return to player payout. Wild and Scatter Symbols The wild symbols in the free Pixies of the Forest slot machine appear between reels 2 and 4. Whenever these purple-colored symbols appear, they replace all symbols except the Bonus scatter symbol. During a bonus spin, expect more wilds to be added to reels 1-4. These additional wild symbols on a bonus reel account for high win rates. Conclusion There's no reason why you shouldn't try playing Pixies of the Forest slot game. The game offers a credible experience filled with good graphics and bonus features. Therefore, if you are looking for an online slot that guarantees value and convenience, why not try the Pixies of the Forest slot. Play For Money Screenshots and Video Pixies in the Forest Play at Our Free Online Slots Play game African Spirit Play game 5x Magic Play game Abundance Spell Play game Lady of Fortune Introduction of Jason Vaccaro Chief editor All Author’s Posts Features, Sound & Theme The Pixies of the Forest slot machine has an intriguing background, theme, and features. You'll find a peaceful background made of 05.04.2021 5 4 3 2 1 4.39 / 5 175 Category: Free Slot Machines ‌‌Pixies‌ ‌in‌ ‌the‌ ‌Forest‌ ‌Slot‌ ‌ $1 Deposit Casino Welcome Bonus Offers Free Casino Slots Online Casino Rating Contact us Our Writers Responsible Gambling Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Sitemap About Us pixiesintheforest-guide.com © 2025 Play For Money