Pricing
Sign up / Log in
Try premium
Free AI Photo Editor & Image Generator
Edit Images, Create Designs, and Generate Video Online

Edit photos, generate images, and design freely with Pixlr’s powerful AI tools – right in your browser, on mobile, or desktop. Try 100% free.

Open AI Photo Editor
Nano Banana AI Instruct
to Edit
START 7 DAY TRIAL
Pixlr Express
AI Photo Editor
Remove bg
AI Background Erase
Pixlr Designer
Template & Animate
Pixlr Editor
Advanced Photo Editor
Batch Editor
Bulk Photo Editing
QUICK LINKS
JUMP RIGHT IN

Here we collected the most used Generative AI and Photo Editing features people are looking for!

AI Image Generator
AI Face Swap
AI Remove Background
AI Remove Object
Photo Collage Maker
Crop Image
AI Generative Fill
Generative Expand
Resize Image
Touch-up
Design Templates
LIMITLESS ARTISTRY
GENERATIVE AI TOOLS

Explore Pixlr’s new AI Powered Generative Tools unleashing limitless creative possibilities. Perfect for both beginners and seasoned professionals, these tools redefine artistic expression with intuitive AI technology, revolutionizing your creative process.

GENERATIVE AI
AI Image Generator magic!

Elevate your creations with the revolutionary Text to Image AI image generator, revolutionizing the way you convert simple text into visually captivating artwork. Unleash your imagination and craft breathtaking, AI-generated masterpieces that are bound to captivate and inspire your audience.

Test Image Generator
GENERATIVE AI
Amazing
 AI Generative Fill!

From concepting creative ideas to making complex edits and refinements, Generative Fill can help you quickly realize your vision while giving you complete control over every creation.

Test Generative Fill
Hat and sunglasses
Generate
GENERATIVE AI
See more with AI Generative Expand!

Explore beyond the borders of your canvas with Generative Expand, make your image fit in any aspect without cropping the best parts. Just expand in any direction and the new content will blend seamlessly with the image.

Test Generative Expand
GENERATIVE AI
Other EPIC
 AI Generative Tools!
AI Remove Object

Remove any unwanted object from your image by just drawing a line arround it.

AI Remove Background

One-click background remover, let the AI do the boring work.

AI Face Swap

With the AI face swapper you become anyone you desire: a superhero, a heartthrob, a law enforcer, or an intellectual. Or just switch faces with a friend, there are no limits.

AI Super Scale

Use AI to upscale images and keep a superb quality.

AI Super Sharp

Enhance image clarity and details, bring a new level of precision to your digital photographs.

AI Generative Transform

Separate out object from the image and move, resize or rotate them freely. Just like magic!

AI Remove Noise

Effectively reduce or eliminate unwanted noise from images, ensuring a smoother and cleaner result.

BEST IN CLASS
PHOTO EDITING AND DESIGN

Over the last 15 years, Pixlr has maintained its position as the top photo editing service on the web. Our commitment to pioneering innovation in online capabilities remains unwavering, ensuring the delivery of excellent retouching, drawing, filter, and effect tools!

AUTO DESIGN
Photo Grid Maker

It remains a timeless design choice, continuing to be among the favored layouts for presenting photos on social media, advertisements, or in print. Our auto grid feature effortlessly offers a range of layouts to suit your diverse photo presentation needs, providing convenient options for your creative endeavors.

Open Photo Grid Maker
AUTO DESIGN
Product Shot Creator!

Studio looking product images in a few seconds, no more tedious repetitive work to create awe looking product images, just let our AI generate the perfect shot!

Open Product Shot Creator
Flowers on podium
Generate
PHOTO EDITOR
Filters And Effects

The Photo effects and filters from Pixlr offer a creative spectrum, enhancing images with various styles, moods, and visual enhancements to elevate and transform the overall aesthetic. Popular filters like Dispersion, Bokeh and Focus, Glitch, Mirror and a large selection of Effects give you ample ways to step up your Photo editing game.

Test Photo Filters
PHOTO EDITOR
More awesome photo editing and design
 tools!
HDR

Spice up any image with Mimic HDR and make your photo pop, bring up the dark areas and keep the lights intact.

Fokus / Bokeh

Create depth in your photos with background blur, bokeh blur and bokeh lights.

Dispersion

Draw over an area in you image and watch it explode and disperse into small pieces.

Reflect

Create mesmerizing mirror effects with an array of captivating variations that warp reality and mesmerize the eye.

Glitch

ransform your photos into playful, distorted masterpieces with the quirky and captivating glitch photo effect.

Colorize

Single, duo, or tri-tone color effect for that classic looking images.

LOVED BY MANY!
JOIN MILLIONS OF CREATORS!
★★★★★
Great photoshop alternative

I haven't had access to photoshop in a few years, and I don't especially miss it because of Pixlr. I'm not exactly an advanced user of graphic design products, so I can't speak to that level... But for basic image editing and creation, this gets the job done.

Nicholas, F&B
★★★★★
Best for design

The software is very easy for photo editing even without special knowledge.

Méo, Graphic Designer
★★★★★
Pixlr - The Bigger and Better Photoshop

My overall experience with Pixlr has been positive! I have realized how much of a 'hidden gem' this app truly is and I wish that it was more well-known for how amazing it is.

Candice, Medical Practice
★★★★★
Full Scope Free Photo Editor

Overall Pixlr is an excellent tool! I highly recommend for small business designers, especially if you wear multiple hats within your organization.

Braden, Machinery
★★★★★
Best photo editing platform

As it has all basic image editing tools available on its application so I use it whenever ever I need to edit my business photos as it saves a lot of time and is also easy to understand.

Abhishek, Customer Service
★★★★★
Pixlr is my Favorite

I absolutely love Pixlr and it is my go to software when I need to edit a quick photo or make a quick logo. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a software for photo editing.

Luke, Edu Management
★★★★★
Great for designing beautiful graphics

Pixlr is used by our organisation as a cheaper and more accessible version of photoshop. We use it to create graphics for our campaigns, as well as posters, report covers and other visual content for our work.

Abhishek, Manage Legal
★★★★★
A fantastic option for doing quick photo work!

I use the software as my go-to for quick photo edits and social media post creation. I've used this for so many uses for simple graphic editing that I can't imagine not having it for image resizing, editing, and social media content creation.

Anonymous
★★★★★
My Ulimate go to Online Photo Editor

Pixlr is so far my best online photo editing applications. I can easily access it through my browser without having to download and install any application on my computer. It pretty much helps me do everything I would do with a more complex and advanced application like Photoshop.

Caroline, Accounting
★★★★★
Pixlr is the best photo editor I have found!

It's super easy to use and delivers fantastic results!

Jennifer, Retail
★★★★★
Excellent Photo editor

AI based photo editor and background remover that delivers!

Amit P
★★★★★
Your pictures are better quality with Pixlr

The app is extremely easy to use. The interface is simple and user friendly. Instant editing in the application is very successful. It's fun to share instantly.

Barış, E-learning
★★★★★
Pixlr - The Best Photo Editing Tool

Pixlr is a great tool for photo editing. The best part about pixlr is that it is free to use without watermarks. It has user friendly interface and any beginners can use it.

Suraj M
★★★★★
Pixlr is aesthetically pleasing

It's exceptionally user friendly and right on the money. It provides an editing platform like no other platform can. It's well built with high resolution editing experience, which is simple yet very elegant to use.

Arman S.
★★★★★
One of the best photo editing application

This Pixlr application is one of the best photo editing software I have used so far.There are lots of unique features available and the best part of this application is it's clean and user friendly UI.

Zakir H
★★★★★
Great for online photo editing!

It has a very understandable user interface and all the basic tools needed for precise photo editing (crop, clone, blur tools and elements such as filters, adjustment bars, etc.)

Luis C.
★★★★★
Best photo editor with AI image generator

Pixlr has many features that a designer needs which are free as well as premium . It helps me design and edit creatives for my marketing.

Manmeet S
★★★★★
Turns boring pictures into eye catching high quality graphics

The autofix and autocontrast features are very useful when time is limited and you have edit multiple images. I use these features to automatically correct the basic adjustments and then tweak few parameters to get the images according to my taste.

Rahul R.
FREE ALL ACCESS
PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION

Get your all-access pass to Pixlr across web, desktop, and mobile devices with a single subscription! Try it out with our 7-day free trial and cancel anytime, no strings attached. More info on the Pricing page. Pixlr is free for Education.

Start 7 day Free Trial
FREQUENTLY ASKED
DO YOU HAVE A QUESTION?
What is Pixlr
Is it free to use Pixlr?
Is it safe to use Pixlr?
What AI tools do Pixlr offer?
Does Pixlr offers a subscription plan?
Whats the difference between Photoshop and Pixlr?
Is Pixlr suitable for beginners?
Can I use Pixlr on different devices?
What features does Pixlr offer for photo editing?
How does Pixlr compare to traditional desktop editors like Photoshop?
Can I use Pixlr for professional photo editing?
How can I get started with Pixlr?
COMPANY
About Us
Pixlr Suite
Pixlr Mobile
Pixlr Desktop
LEGAL
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
License Agreement
AI Generator License
PRODUCTS
Pixlr Editor
Pixlr Express
Pixlr Designer
Batch Editor
Remove Background
HELP
Pricing
Contact Us
Education
Developer
FOLLOW US
Blog
Discord
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
English
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Português (Brasileiro)
Romanian
Србија
Русский
Suomi
Svenska
Türkçe
Tiếng Việt
ไทย
Ελληνικά
한국어
日本語
中文
繁體中文
Pixlr Pte Ltd © 2025.