Journal Star: Local News, Politics & Sports in Peoria, IL News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Local coffee business opens another location in Peoria Man, 54, accused of traveling to Woodford County to meet minor for sex act Live updates from Illinois in the Music City Bowl vs. Tennessee Here are 13 road projects to watch for in the Peoria area in 2026 and beyond Watch Now More Stories Illinois vs. Tennessee in Music city Bowl: Top photos… Best photos from Illinois basketball game vs. Southern Watch: Nominees for Journal Star boys athlete of the week Watch: Nominees for Journal Star girls athlete of the… Citrus Bowl: Updated Illini vs Tennessee injuries… Shopping How to use FSA funds at Pair Eyewear before December ends Save 15% on 2026 stays at Spark by Hilton hotels nationwide Watch the College Football Playoff quarterfinals on Sling, here's how News Man, 54, accused of traveling to Woodford County to meet minor for sex act Here are 13 road projects to watch for in the Peoria area in 2026 and beyond Illinois Lottery Powerball, Pick 3 results for Dec. 29, 2025 Sports Live updates from Illinois in the Music City Bowl vs. Tennessee How to watch Illinois football today in the Music City Bowl How Bradley's Jaquan Johnson was unstoppable in comeback win over Evansville Entertainment Peoria Irish pub celebrates the holidays with style Nightjar holiday popup inspired by international traditions Snoop Dogg, HUNTR/X, more to perform Christmas halftime show. How to watch Life Local coffee business opens another location in Peoria Over 45 restaurants, bars and cafes have opened in the area this year New business brings crepes to Northwoods Mall in Peoria Business Real estate sales in Peoria, Tazewell and Woodford counties This longtime Peoria car dealership has been sold to new owners These Illinois counties have the most expensive gas ahead of Christmas Opinion Opinion: Not all kratom is equal Matthew Lowe Opinion: Incurable disease needs more attention Erica Frantz Opinion: Lessons on discourse, respect from Bradley students James Shadid Trending Is firing a gun in air on New Year's Eve OK? Police say don't do it. Is airport fashion is back? Is the civility campaign working? Many 2026 holidays and celebrations will happen on Fridays, Saturdays Featured Gallery Extra, Extra Winners Announced! Nominate Today! Vote Today! More in Contests How to watch Illinois football today in the Music City Bowl How Bradley's Jaquan Johnson was unstoppable in comeback win over Evansville Vote for Peoria-area boys athlete of the week, presented by CEFCU Vote for Peoria-area girls athlete of the week, presented by CEFCU Powerball winning numbers, December 29, 2025: Lottery drawing results Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X Instagram eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.pjstar.com. All rights reserved.