Place Exchange | Real Programmatic Out of Home Contact Us For Demand Partners Place Exchange SSP Place Exchange Clear Place Exchange Dynamic Creative PerView Measurement for Buyers For Supply Partners Place Exchange SSP Place Exchange Publisher Portal PerView Measurement for Sellers About Place Exchange Markets and Partners Portal Login News & Events Join Our Team Contact Us Real Programmatic Out of Home. Place Exchange seamlessly enables planning, targeting, execution, and measurement of OOH – on par with other programmatic channels – within the leading DSP platforms. All with unmatched scale, quality, flexibility, and transparency. Welcome to real programmatic OOH. Demand-side Partnerships Access the entire OOH media landscape truly programmatically for the first time. The same audience targeting and performance measurement capabilities as online, mobile, and social, but with the unmatched reach, consumer engagement, real-world relevance, and brand safety of OOH. Supply-side Partnerships Open up OOH inventory to the world of programmatic, tapping into new buyers and budgets. Easy integration, complete transparency, and full control to harness the power of programmatic for OOH media. OOH Measurement Place Exchange’s PerView measurement solution enables buyers and sellers to reliably measure up-to-date reach, frequency, and impressions across the entire OOH category, spanning different media types, geographies, timeframes, and consumer segments. News Broadsign Acquires Place Exchange As The DOOH Category Hits Its Stride AdExchanger Press Release Broadsign Announces Acquisition of Place Exchange Place Exchange & Broadsign Press Release Place Exchange Brings Programmatic Guaranteed to Digital Out of Home with Google’s Display & Video 360 Place Exchange & Google View all News & Events > Unlock the power of real programmatic OOH. Contact Us For Demand Partners Place Exchange SSP Place Exchange Clear Place Exchange Dynamic Creative PerView Measurement for Buyers For Supply Partners Place Exchange SSP Place Exchange Publisher Portal PerView Measurement for Sellers About About Place Exchange Markets and Partners News & Events Join Our Team Contact Us Privacy & Legal Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Information Your Ad Choices Content Acceptability Inventory Standards Press Inquiries press@placeexchange.com Headquarters 254 W 31st St, 7th Fl, New York, NY 10001 (212) 287-5660 Member of Copyright © 2026 Place Exchange. All rights reserved. We've updated our Privacy Policy. Place Exchange is now part of the Broadsign family! Read the release .