PlanetWare | Travel guides by the experts Destinations Europe North America Caribbean Central & South America Africa & Middle East Asia & Pacific Travel Guides Hotels & Resorts Air Travel Travel Gear Budget Friendly Romantic Getaways Family Friendly Tips & Hacks Dining Cruises Outdoor Adventure National & State Parks Hiking Camping Water Sports Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved PlanetWare | Travel guides by the experts Destinations Travel Guides Outdoor Adventure Features Newsletter North American Beaches This Gorgeous City On The Shores Of Lake Michigan Is Perfect For A Scenic Getaway Nothing is better than jumping into the cool waters of Lake Michigan in the middle of summer, and this gorgeous city is perfect for a scenic lakeside getaway. By Dave Bowling Read More Europe This Magnificent European City Boasts Stunning Architecture With Storybook Charm For photogenic buildings, canal boat rides, a charming market square, local beer, and delicious food, book a trip to this European gem of a city. By Jess Hagmaier Read More North American Beaches This Charming Coastal Town In Maine Is A Gorgeous Spot For A Quiet Getaway For a quiet getaway filled with scenic nature and harbor views, head to this gorgeous coastal town in Maine filled with shopping, good seafood, and beaches. By Jenna Busch Read More More Stories Europe Europe By Jenna Busch 20 hours ago Rick Steves' Favorite Lake Como Towns And Villas For An Idyllic Italian Getaway There are so many gorgeous places in Northern Italy, it can be hard to decide where to go. To help, here are Rick Steves' favorite Lake Como towns and villas. By Jenna Busch 20 hours ago Read More United States United States By Kate Mothes 21 hours ago Everything You Need To Know About Alaska's Breathtaking National Parks Home to the highest peak in North America, landscapes larger than Switzerland, and front-row views of humpback whales, Alaska's national parks are a treasure. By Kate Mothes 21 hours ago Read More North American Beaches North American Beaches By Chris Tharp 23 hours ago A Coastal California City Is Home To The Beautiful, World-Renowned Glass Beach Head to this charming California city on the Pacific Coast for a stunning sea glass-covered beach, a botanical garden, fresh seafood, and vintage train rides. By Chris Tharp 23 hours ago Read More Europe Europe By Steve Blanchard 1 day ago This Charming European City Is A Delightful Blend Of French And German Culture Though relatively small in size, this city brims with a unique kind of charm thanks to its distinctive culture — a fusion of both French and German influences. By Steve Blanchard 1 day ago Read More National and State Parks National and State Parks By Dave Bowling 1 day ago North Dakota's Only National Park Boasts Unique Landscapes And Scenic Wildlife Adventurous travelers looking for stunning views and wildlife should head to North Dakota's only national park with unique landscapes and scenic drives. By Dave Bowling 1 day ago Read More Europe Europe By Jenna Busch 2 days ago Rick Steves Says This Fun European Capital Is Full Of 'Evocative Old World Charm' If you are looking for a city with Old World charm that is fun at the same time, head to this European capital that Rick Steves praises and has plenty to do. By Jenna Busch 2 days ago Read More United States United States By Dave Bowling 2 days ago This Underrated North Carolina City Is A Scenic Gateway To The Blue Ridge Mountains Discover a charming North Carolina town tucked away in the Blue Ridge Mountains, offering stunning hikes, waterfalls, and rich Appalachian history. By Dave Bowling 2 days ago Read More North American Islands North American Islands By Chris Tharp 2 days ago A Beautiful Coastal Town In Washington Boasts Plenty Of Scenic, Outdoor Fun If you are looking for an idyllic coastal paradise in the Pacific Northwest, make sure to visit this island town full of scenic, outdoor fun and adventures. By Chris Tharp 2 days ago Read More United States United States By Kate Mothes 2 days ago The Best US National Parks For Hiking, According To Visitors While all 63 national parks in the U.S. are exceptional in their own right, these stand apart for offering the most rewarding experiences for hikers. By Kate Mothes 2 days ago Read More Asia and Pacific Islands Asia and Pacific Islands By Dave Bowling 2 days ago Hawaii's Lush, Less-Visited Island Is Home To Kalaupapa National Historical Park For an off-the-beaten-path destination in Hawaii, check out this lush, less-visited island that is home to scenic cliffs and Kalaupapa National Historic Park. By Dave Bowling 2 days ago Read More Europe Europe By Amy McMahon 2 days ago Trier, Germany Offers Plenty Of Tourist Attractions Worth Visiting Each region of Germany is distinct, and Trier is one of the loveliest. You'll find plenty to see and do on your visit, but there are some things you can't miss. By Amy McMahon 2 days ago Read More National and State Parks National and State Parks By Jenna Busch 2 days ago 'The Grand Canyon Of The East' Is A Gorgeous, Waterfall-Rich State Park In New York For Grand Canyon-esque views, head to this Upstate New York park filled with towering waterfalls, stunning gorges, and plenty of hiking trails. By Jenna Busch 2 days ago Read More United States United States By Chris Tharp 2 days ago This Charming City Along The Shores Of Lake Michigan Offers A Fun Recreation Getaway This Michigan destination is a small town that packs a punch, with a charming shopping district, Victorian cottages, and numerous outdoor activities. By Chris Tharp 2 days ago Read More Dining Dining By S. Flannagan 3 days ago The Cliché Dish Rick Steves Warns Tourists To Avoid When Visiting France Out of the most popular French dishes out there, there's one specific meal that Rick Steves typically advises against ordering during your trip to France. By S. Flannagan 3 days ago Read More North American Islands North American Islands By Dave Bowling 3 days ago Michigan's Gorgeous Tourist Destination Offers A Serene Escape Full Of Fun Michigan is full of scenic beaches, but this tourist destination offers a serene escape full of history, delicious treats, incredible natural views, and fun. By Dave Bowling 3 days ago Read More National and State Parks National and State Parks By Jenna Busch 3 days ago California's Most Famous National Park Is Home To Breathtaking, Towering Waterfalls This California national park boasts gorgeous waterfalls, including one of the tallest in the world, along with a range of other sites and activities. By Jenna Busch 3 days ago Read More Air Travel Air Travel By Rebekah Winters Barton 3 days ago These 10 US Airport Lounges Boast High-End Offerings Worth The Splurge From coast to coast, these U.S. airport lounges redefine preflight comfort, dining, and design — and show when splurging actually makes sense. By Rebekah Winters Barton 3 days ago Read More Europe Europe By Jess Hagmaier 3 days ago This Underrated Greek Gem Is One Of The Oldest Cities In All Of Europe Avoid the crowds in Greece's top destinations and head to this often overlooked city bursting with history, food, and laid-back Greek living. By Jess Hagmaier 3 days ago Read More Europe Europe By Steve Blanchard 3 days ago Rick Steves Calls This Peaceful Netherlands City An 'Idyllic Mini-Amsterdam' Discover a peaceful European city brimming with charm that's perfect for slow strolls, art lovers, and canal-side wandering without the crowds. By Steve Blanchard 3 days ago Read More Europe Europe By Steve Blanchard 3 days ago Norway's 'City Of Seven Mountains' Has Cute Homes And Scenic Views For an incredible experience in Norway surrounded by cute waterfront homes, mountain trails, and fjord views, head to the "city of seven mountains." By Steve Blanchard 3 days ago Read More United States United States By Chris Tharp 4 days ago Maine's 'Gateway To Acadia National Park' Is Full Of Scenic New England Charm This classic Maine getaway pairs coastal charm with natural beauty, offering small-town character alongside some of the best scenery in New England. By Chris Tharp 4 days ago Read More Asia and Pacific Islands Asia and Pacific Islands By Jess Hagmaier 4 days ago This Picturesque Hawaiian Town Offers Pristine, Turquoise Beaches And Fun Water Sports Away from the tourist crowds of Honolulu is a coastal town perfect for kayaking, paddleboarding, snorkeling, and even exploring a pair of tiny islands. By Jess Hagmaier 4 days ago Read More Europe Europe By Chris Tharp 4 days ago Rick Steves' Protege Visits These Underrated Towns To Avoid Huge Crowds In Europe Some of Europe's top destinations are dealing with overtourism, but you can avoid the crowds by visiting this particular type of town across the continent. By Chris Tharp 4 days ago Read More United States United States By Janus Carrington 4 days ago Bookworms Will Adore These Incredible Libraries In The Southern US From historic gems to modern structures that challenge everything we expect a library to be, these spaces offer far more than just a quiet place to read. By Janus Carrington 4 days ago Read More United States United States By Chris Tharp 4 days ago One Of Florida's Best-Kept Secrets Is A Gulf Coast Gem With Amazing Seafood For a getaway in Florida without the crowds, head to this secret Gulf Coast gem with amazing seafood, nature preserves, and underrated sandy beaches. By Chris Tharp 4 days ago Read More United States United States By Jenna Busch 4 days ago Virginia's Gorgeous Coastal Town Is Perfect For A Quiet Getaway Get away from the crowds in this Virginia town situated on a quiet peninsula, where you can access family-friendly beaches, parks, and local art galleries. By Jenna Busch 4 days ago Read More National and State Parks National and State Parks By Steve Blanchard 4 days ago This National Park Offers The Best Stargazing Experience In The US Thanks to clear black skies, regular astronomy-related events, and accessible campgrounds, this national park is considered a top stargazing spot in the U.S. By Steve Blanchard 4 days ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® PlanetWare.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.