Planhat | The Unified Customer Platform Gartner Planhat is a Leader The Unified Customer Platform Software for lifelong revenue growth. Request a demo Gartner Planhat is a Leader The Unified Customer Platform Software for lifelong revenue growth. Request a demo Gartner Planhat is a Leader The Unified Customer Platform Software for lifelong revenue growth. Request a demo Gartner Planhat is a Leader The Unified Customer Platform Software for lifelong revenue growth. Request a demo Industry leaders trust Planhat to grow their revenue Industry leaders trust Planhat to grow their revenue Industry leaders trust Planhat to grow their revenue Industry leaders trust Planhat to grow their revenue Industry leaders trust Planhat to grow their revenue One customer platform. One customer platform. One customer platform. One customer platform. Everyone's business. Everyone's business. Everyone's business. Everyone's business. Unite your Sales & Service teams. Unite your customer journey. Unite your customer journey. Book a demo Book a demo Book a demo Acquire Connect with target personas and streamline your sales process. Close more deals. Planhat for Sales Sales Streamline your sales process. Close more deals. Sales CRM Software Sales Streamline your sales process. Close more deals. Sales CRM Software Service Deliver engaging client experiences at scale. Convert customers into promoters. Planhat for Professional Services Services World-class service. Convert clients into promoters. PSA Software Services World-class service. Convert clients into promoters. PSA Software Grow Drive successful customer outcomes. Grow revenue sustainably. Planhat for Customer Success Success Drive successful outcomes. Grow revenue. Customer Success Software Success Drive successful outcomes. Grow revenue. Customer Success Software Unify your customer journey. Success Drive successful outcomes. Grow revenue. Service World-class service. Convert clients into promoters. Sales Streamline your sales process. Sell lasting deals. Book a demo Unify your customer journey. Success Drive successful outcomes. Grow revenue. Service World-class service. Convert clients into promoters. Sales Streamline your sales process. Sell lasting deals. Book a demo The Commercial AI Era Discover Planhat's flexible, integrated and commercially rooted AI platform. Discover AIP The Commercial AI Era Discover Planhat's flexible, integrated and commercially rooted AI platform. Discover AIP The Commercial AI Era Discover Planhat's flexible, integrated and commercially rooted AI platform. Discover AIP The Commercial AI Era Discover Planhat's flexible, integrated and commercially rooted AI platform. Discover AIP Scaled CS “Just during our first month of using the platform we saved more than 100 hours by automating pricing notification, winback, CSM change and campaign emails.” Lasse Thomsen Trustpilot 1 2 3 4 5 Customer & Product Marketing “With Planhat, we came in with a 20% lower churn than we had budgeted within the first years, simply because we now understand our customers better.” Howard Rees Macrobond 1 2 3 4 5 Customer & Product Marketing “Macrobond usage has increased massively, and churn has decreased massively. Now we can do more with less and my team can look after more customers and prioritise their time better, with better data.” Howard Rees Macrobond 1 2 3 4 5 Scaled CS “Planhat saves us more than 30 hours per week automating and streamlining partner review preparations, lifecycle handoffs and time tracking administration—hours that can now be spent on driving value for our customers.” Pam Dickson Fishman Basis Technologies 1 2 3 4 5 Health Management “Planhat’s flexible health score synthesizes all customer insights into one simple number instead of multiple metrics spread across systems.” Alicia Quezada Abacum 1 2 3 4 5 Scaled CS “Just during our first month of using the platform we saved more than 100 hours by automating pricing notification, winback, CSM change and campaign emails.” Lasse Thomsen Trustpilot 1 2 3 4 5 Customer & Product Marketing “With Planhat, we came in with a 20% lower churn than we had budgeted within the first years, simply because we now understand our customers better.” Howard Rees Macrobond 1 2 3 4 5 Customer & Product Marketing “Macrobond usage has increased massively, and churn has decreased massively. Now we can do more with less and my team can look after more customers and prioritise their time better, with better data.” Howard Rees Macrobond 1 2 3 4 5 Scaled CS “Planhat saves us more than 30 hours per week automating and streamlining partner review preparations, lifecycle handoffs and time tracking administration—hours that can now be spent on driving value for our customers.” Pam Dickson Fishman Basis Technologies 1 2 3 4 5 Health Management “Planhat’s flexible health score synthesizes all customer insights into one simple number instead of multiple metrics spread across systems.” Alicia Quezada Abacum 1 2 3 4 5 Scaled CS “Just during our first month of using the platform we saved more than 100 hours by automating pricing notification, winback, CSM change and campaign emails.” Lasse Thomsen Trustpilot Scaled CS “Just during our first month of using the platform we saved more than 100 hours by automating pricing notification, winback, CSM change and campaign emails.” Lasse Thomsen Trustpilot Intuitive yet deep A scalable platform your team can adopt in days. Discover Intuitive yet deep A scalable platform your team can adopt in days. Discover Intuitive yet deep A scalable platform your team can adopt in days. Discover Intuitive yet deep A scalable platform your team can adopt in days. Discover “I'm already getting a lot of phone calls from people in different functions that have heard about Planhat and want to get on board.” Tracy Shouldice Director of Customer Success Trend Micro “I'm already getting a lot of phone calls from people in different functions that have heard about Planhat and want to get on board.” Tracy Shouldice Director of Customer Success, Trend Micro “I'm already getting a lot of phone calls from people in different functions that have heard about Planhat and want to get on board.” Tracy Shouldice Director of Customer Success Trend Micro “I'm already getting a lot of phone calls from people in different functions that have heard about Planhat and want to get on board.” Tracy Shouldice Director of Customer Success Trend Micro Home to every customer. And opportunity. And conversation. And ticket. And click. And action. Home to every customer. And opportunity. And conversation. And ticket. And click. And action. Home to every customer. And opportunity. And conversation. And ticket. And click. And action. Home to every customer. And opportunity. And conversation. And ticket. And click. And action. In Planhat, data is architected for action. Unify and transform data from across your entire tech stack to act on customers as you analyze them. In Planhat, data is architected for action. Unify and transform data from across your entire tech stack to act on customers as you analyze them. In Planhat, data is architected for action. Unify and transform data from across your entire tech stack to act on customers as you analyze them. In Planhat, data is architected for action. Unify and transform data from across your entire tech stack to act on customers as you analyze them. A unified ecosystem for customer action Planhat is a customer platform that doubles as both your single source of truth and an everyday customer-centric control centre for your sales, service and success teams. Get a demo A unified ecosystem for customer action Planhat is a customer platform that doubles as both your single source of truth and an everyday customer-centric control centre for your sales, service and success teams. Get a demo A unified ecosystem for customer action Planhat is a customer platform that doubles as both your single source of truth and an everyday customer-centric control centre for your sales, service and success teams. Get a demo A unified ecosystem for customer action Planhat is a customer platform that doubles as both your single source of truth and an everyday customer-centric control centre for your sales, service and success teams. Get a demo Enterprise-grade flexibility Data warehousing, ETL, automation and reporting put your customer at the new centre of gravity. Discover Enterprise-grade flexibility Data warehousing, ETL, automation and reporting put your customer at the new centre of gravity. Discover Enterprise-grade flexibility Data warehousing, ETL, automation and reporting put your customer at the new centre of gravity. Discover Enterprise-grade flexibility Data warehousing, ETL, automation and reporting put your customer at the new centre of gravity. Discover Consumer-ready usability An action-first interface, shortcuts and complete-sentence formulas bring Scandi simplicity to CRM. Request a demo Consumer-ready usability An action-first interface, shortcuts and complete-sentence formulas bring Scandi simplicity to CRM. Request a demo Consumer-ready usability An action-first interface, shortcuts and complete-sentence formulas bring Scandi simplicity to CRM. Request a demo Consumer-ready usability An action-first interface, shortcuts and complete-sentence formulas bring Scandi simplicity to CRM. Request a demo Data explorer Access your data like never before. Anyone can transform a no-code query into customer action in a matter of clicks. Request a demo Data explorer Access your data like never before. Anyone can transform a no-code query into customer action in a matter of clicks. Request a demo Data explorer Access your data like never before. Anyone can transform a no-code query into customer action in a matter of clicks. Request a demo Data explorer Access your data like never before. Anyone can transform a no-code query into customer action in a matter of clicks. Request a demo Capabilities Capabilities Capabilities Flexible technologies that deliver end-to-end Power proactive go-to-market motions with frontier AI built on a robust, secure and well-governed data foundation. Explore Capabilities Flexible technologies that deliver end-to-end Power proactive go-to-market motions with frontier AI built on a robust, secure and well-governed data foundation. Explore Capabilities Flexible technologies that deliver end-to-end Power proactive go-to-market motions with frontier AI built on a robust, secure and well-governed data foundation. Explore Capabilities Flexible technologies that deliver end-to-end Power proactive go-to-market motions with frontier AI built on a robust, secure and well-governed data foundation. Explore Capabilities I Governance II Data III Intelligence IV Action V Collaboration I Governance II Data III Intelligence IV Action V Collaboration [] Governance [] Data [] Intelligence [] Action [] Collaboration [] Governance [] Data [] Intelligence [] Action [] Collaboration Unify your business on Planhat. Planhat enables businesses all over the world, of every shape and size, to acquire, service and grow customers more successfully. Software Run usage-based engagement campaigns. Deploy freemium and product-led growth models at scale. Explore IT Services Forecast platform utilization. Deliver exceptional white-glove experiences from a collaborative portal. Explore Business Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Connected Businesses Monitor asset installation, schedule maintenance and measure value delivery. Explore Healthcare & Life Sciences Centralize and streamline stakeholder management. Audit inventory and predict demand. Explore Financial Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Unify your business on Planhat. Planhat enables businesses all over the world, of every shape and size, to acquire, service and grow customers more successfully. Software Run usage-based engagement campaigns. Deploy freemium and product-led growth models at scale. Explore IT Services Forecast platform utilization. Deliver exceptional white-glove experiences from a collaborative portal. Explore Business Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Connected Businesses Monitor asset installation, schedule maintenance and measure value delivery. Explore Healthcare & Life Sciences Centralize and streamline stakeholder management. Audit inventory and predict demand. Explore Financial Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Unify your business on Planhat. Planhat enables businesses all over the world, of every shape and size, to acquire, service and grow customers more successfully. Software Run usage-based engagement campaigns. Deploy freemium and product-led growth models at scale. Explore IT Services Forecast platform utilization. Deliver exceptional white-glove experiences from a collaborative portal. Explore Business Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Connected Businesses Monitor asset installation, schedule maintenance and measure value delivery. Explore Healthcare & Life Sciences Centralize and streamline stakeholder management. Audit inventory and predict demand. Explore Financial Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Unify your business on Planhat. Planhat enables businesses all over the world, of every shape and size, to acquire, service and grow customers more successfully. Software Run usage-based engagement campaigns. Deploy freemium and product-led growth models at scale. Explore IT Services Forecast platform utilization. Deliver exceptional white-glove experiences from a collaborative portal. Explore Business Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Connected Businesses Monitor asset installation, schedule maintenance and measure value delivery. Explore Healthcare & Life Sciences Centralize and streamline stakeholder management. Audit inventory and predict demand. Explore Financial Services Optimize staffing. Track and report on project milestones and billables. Run referral programmes. Explore Powering 2.6 million customers. See the impact we're making in the world. Our impact No passengers. We're all crew. We've always got missions for the curious and daring. Apply now Powering 2.6 million customers. See the impact we're making in the world. Our impact No passengers. We're all crew. We've always got missions for the curious and daring. Apply now Powering 2.6 million customers. See the impact we're making in the world. Our impact No passengers. We're all crew. We've always got missions for the curious and daring. Apply now Powering 2.6 million customers. See the impact we're making in the world. Our impact No passengers. We're all crew. We've always got missions for the curious and daring. Apply now Your new system of action Act on customers as you analyze them. Request a demo Your new system of action Act on customers as you analyze them. Request a demo Your new system of action Act on customers as you analyze them. Request a demo Your new system of action Act on customers as you analyze them. Request a demo Solutions Platform Explore Editorial Customers Pricing Log in Request a demo planhat About Careers Press Security Open Contact Legal Solutions CRM CSP PSA Cisco CX Processes ADP Philanthropy Capabilities Data Intelligence Collaboration Action Governance Integrations Features Resources Pricing Editorial Events Help Center Developers RFP Changelog Customers Impact Studies Software Business Services Connected Businesses Financial Services Healthcare IT Services CS Customer Success AI Software Playbooks Onboarding Health Scores Retention I agree to Planhat processing my personal data in accordance with Planhat's Privacy Policy . Subscribe to our newsletter Recognized as a world-leader by 880+ reviews Planhat is built to keep your data safe. We put privacy and security front and centre, so you don’t have to. Know them. Grow them. © 2025 Planhat inc. Status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Follow us planhat About Careers Press Security Open Contact Legal Solutions CRM CSP PSA Cisco CX Processes ADP Philanthropy Capabilities Data Intelligence Collaboration Action Governance Integrations Features Resources Pricing Editorial Events Help Center Developers RFP Changelog Customers Impact Studies Software Business Services Connected Businesses Financial Services Healthcare IT Services CS Customer Success AI Software Playbooks Onboarding Health Scores Retention I agree to Planhat processing my personal data in accordance with Planhat's Privacy Policy . Subscribe to our newsletter Recognized as a world-leader by 880+ reviews Planhat is built to keep your data safe. We put privacy and security front and centre, so you don’t have to. Know them. Grow them. © 2025 Planhat inc. Status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Follow us planhat About Careers Press Security Open Contact Legal Solutions CRM CSP PSA Cisco CX Processes ADP Philanthropy Capabilities Data Intelligence Collaboration Action Governance Integrations Features Resources Pricing Editorial Events Help Center Developers RFP Changelog Customers Impact Studies Software Business Services Connected Businesses Financial Services Healthcare IT Services CS Customer Success AI Software Playbooks Onboarding Health Scores Retention I agree to Planhat processing my personal data in accordance with Planhat's Privacy Policy . Subscribe to our newsletter Recognized as a world-leader by 880+ reviews Planhat is built to keep your data safe. We put privacy and security front and centre, so you don’t have to. Know them. Grow them. © 2025 Planhat inc. Status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Follow us planhat About Careers Press Security Open Contact Legal Solutions CRM CSP PSA Cisco CX Processes ADP Philanthropy Capabilities Data Intelligence Collaboration Action Governance Integrations Features Resources Pricing Editorial Events Help Center Developers RFP Changelog Customers Impact Studies Software Business Services Connected Businesses Financial Services Healthcare IT Services CS Customer Success AI Software Playbooks Onboarding Health Scores Retention I agree to Planhat processing my personal data in accordance with Planhat's Privacy Policy . Subscribe to our newsletter Recognized as a world-leader by 880+ reviews Planhat is built to keep your data safe. We put privacy and security front and centre, so you don’t have to. Know them. Grow them. © 2025 Planhat inc. Status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Follow us