Planner 5D: House Design Software | Home Design in 3D Products Products Products Interior Design Software Planner 5D Pro AI Interior Design Tools Mood Boards 360 Walkthrough AI Floor Plan Converter Hire a Designer Import 3D Models Platforms iOS Android Windows macOS VisionOS Use cases Use cases House Home Design Home Remodeling Floor plan Floor Plan Creator 2D Floor Plan 3D Floor Plan Real Estate Floor Plan Kitchen Kitchen Planner Kitchen Remodeling Bathroom Bathroom Planner Bathroom Remodeling Room Room Planner AI Room Design Kids Room Layout Exterior Landscape Design Software Deck Design Garden Planner Garage Planner Architecture Architecture Design Software Blueprint Maker Office Office Planner Home Office Design See all solutions Resources Resources Learn Online Interior Design School Interior Design Blog Design Battle Help Center Explore Hire an Interior Designer Top Interior Designers Floor Plans Gallery Furniture Shop Home Repair Estimator Home Plans Enterprise Enterprise Enterprise Solutions Solutions for Schools Partner Program Pricing Design Battle Language Language English Português Español Français Italiano Polski Lietuviškai Deutsch 中国 Sverige Русский Download Planner 5D App Get started with the app to boost your experience and unlock all the mobile features English Português Español Français Italiano Polski Lietuviškai Deutsch 中国 Sverige Русский Sign In Sign Up Get started Design your dream home Draw a floor plan and create a 3D home design in 10 minutes using our all-in-one AI-powered home design software. Visualize your design with realistic 4K renders. Get Started Create a floor plan Design your room Design your home Furnish and decorate Design with AI Get inspired 120M+ homeowners and pros created and improved over 400M homes with an Al-powered Home Design Platform Create a floor plan from scratch or upload an existing one Design your ideal layout from scratch, or use our advanced tools to get your floor plan recognized in minutes! Create a fully customizable floor plan—whether it’s a simple room, an entire house or a commercial building Furnish and decorate with our 3D house design tool Elevate your space with more than 8,000 items from our library. Explore an extensive collection of furniture and decor items to style your home exactly to your taste. From trendy furnishings to timeless accents, find everything you need to transform your space into your personal oasis. Visualize your results with 4K renders Bring your design to life with our advanced 4K renders. Adjust light, shadows and colors to get a realistic preview of your space. Discover endless possibilities with AI interior design AI-powered 3D rendering tools allow you to experience your design virtually before committing to starting the project. This enables you to make informed decisions and avoid costly decorating mistakes. Users love the ease of use and functionality Reviews 4.4 Based on over 645 user reviews in G2 and Capterra Timi,It is amazing all of the things that offers, turned my actual 2D blueprints, not hand drawn prints ..into editable 3-D , it gives you design school and design guidance, it has AR for your home, it has AI for automatic decor Misty, US Been using this software for a few years now and with all the updates and pro addition it’s just terrific!! NYX2010, United Kingdom By far the best value for what you are paying for compared to other 3D house planning softwares. I love the UI and all of the customizable options, plus not glitchy at all and runs smoothly on all platforms. Alex, US Planner 5d helps me draw out my dream home using different tools, colours, and layouts. I like how you can hire a designer to help you with your build, and use your imagination and creativity to build your personal building. Josie, Australia I reproduced my house in the program and managed to do in hours what I couldn't in months. The fact that it has real measurements is spectacular!!! I could see ready-made dream construction ideas and walk through them!!! Marcos, Brazil This is a great resource for both personal and professional use. As a professional, look forward to using this as a tool for my design concepts and plans Marly, US Great product so far, even with no design skills you can quickly put something together! Love the interface and the library seems quite extensive as well. Sabrina, Canada Timi,It is amazing all of the things that offers, turned my actual 2D blueprints, not hand drawn prints ..into editable 3-D , it gives you design school and design guidance, it has AR for your home, it has AI for automatic decor Misty, US Been using this software for a few years now and with all the updates and pro addition it’s just terrific!! NYX2010, United Kingdom By far the best value for what you are paying for compared to other 3D house planning softwares. I love the UI and all of the customizable options, plus not glitchy at all and runs smoothly on all platforms. Alex, US Planner 5d helps me draw out my dream home using different tools, colours, and layouts. I like how you can hire a designer to help you with your build, and use your imagination and creativity to build your personal building. Josie, Australia I reproduced my house in the program and managed to do in hours what I couldn't in months. The fact that it has real measurements is spectacular!!! I could see ready-made dream construction ideas and walk through them!!! Marcos, Brazil This is a great resource for both personal and professional use. As a professional, look forward to using this as a tool for my design concepts and plans Marly, US Great product so far, even with no design skills you can quickly put something together! Love the interface and the library seems quite extensive as well. Sabrina, Canada Timi,It is amazing all of the things that offers, turned my actual 2D blueprints, not hand drawn prints ..into editable 3-D , it gives you design school and design guidance, it has AR for your home, it has AI for automatic decor Misty, US Been using this software for a few years now and with all the updates and pro addition it’s just terrific!! NYX2010, United Kingdom By far the best value for what you are paying for compared to other 3D house planning softwares. I love the UI and all of the customizable options, plus not glitchy at all and runs smoothly on all platforms. Alex, US Planner 5d helps me draw out my dream home using different tools, colours, and layouts. I like how you can hire a designer to help you with your build, and use your imagination and creativity to build your personal building. Josie, Australia I reproduced my house in the program and managed to do in hours what I couldn't in months. The fact that it has real measurements is spectacular!!! I could see ready-made dream construction ideas and walk through them!!! Marcos, Brazil This is a great resource for both personal and professional use. As a professional, look forward to using this as a tool for my design concepts and plans Marly, US Great product so far, even with no design skills you can quickly put something together! Love the interface and the library seems quite extensive as well. Sabrina, Canada Advanced features The All-in-one home solution for everyone. 360º Walkthrough Immerse your clients in a realistic and interactive 360º tour of your projects. Mood boards Collect images, ideas and inspiration easily to personalize your space. Cross-platform Enjoy our home design tool on Windows, Android and iOS. Start creating on your laptop and finish on your phone or tablet. Shopping list Get insights into your project’s cost estimate. Easily switch between budget and luxury widget options. AI Floorplan recognition Save time! Create professional floor plans with advanced AI recognition tool. Import 3D models Easily import custom 3D models to enrich your designs with personalized elements. Apple Vision Pro A new way of communicating between interior designers and their clients. Apartment and house design for everyone Explore your creativity with tools tailored for every need. Home decor Interior design Architecture Enterprise Schools Real estate Commercial property management Start designing your house with Planner 5D Draw a floor plan and create a 3D home design in 10 min. Get Started For Free Created by 120M+ users Join a vibrant community of over 120 million users who trust and create with our platform. Backyard with pool Liam Rem Studio Mandy C Living Room MiaJ Home office MarkRoomPlanner Bedroom SilverBrook Bathroom starryGlen Kitchen AlexInteriors Kidsroom Olivia M. Home office MistyGrove Bedroom AnnaAtHome Bathroom JamesW Teenager playroom Imogene Start designing your house with Planner 5D Draw a floor plan and create a 3D home design in 10 min. Get Started For Free Company About Us Pricing Gift Card Newsroom Design Council Legal Hub Partner Program Career Help Center Contacts Use cases 3D Garden Planner Gym Floor Plan Landscape Design Software Home Design Software Bathroom Planner Room Planner Kitchen Planner Office Design Floor Plan Software Floor Plan Creator Cost Calculator for Metal Roofing Cost of Concrete Driveways Attic Insulation Cost per Square Foot Platforms Web iOS Android macOS Windows visionOS Features Automatic Room Generator AI Plan Recognition AR-Driven 3D Interior Projecting Feature Automated Furniture Arrangement Enterprise Solutions Product Configurator Solutions for Schools Home Repair Estimator Home Improvement and Repair Costs Design Ideas Home Plans Online Interior Design Services Interior Design Blog Interior Design School Interior Design Contests Floor Plans Gallery 3D Renders Gallery Mood boards Furniture shop Tiling a Bathroom Floor Cost Planner 5D ® © 2011—2025 Planner5D UAB , A. Goštauto St. 12A , Vilnius 01108 , Lithuania Follow: Apps: English Português Español Français Italiano Polski Lietuviškai Deutsch 中国 Sverige Русский This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms
			of Service apply.