Plasmic | Build powerful apps fast— without the limits May 15 Livestream: Using Plasmic with Cursor → Join Plasmic Project Jam stream next Friday (Nov 28) at 12:30PM CET! → Product Solutions Marketplace Resources Pricing Sign In Sign Up The visual builder for your tech stack Plasmic is an open-source visual editing and content platform for building websites and apps. Integrate with existing codebases. Ship incredibly fast. Get started free Internal tools Customer portals SaaS apps Storefronts Websites Content management See Plasmic in action! Loved by teams around the world how it works Build experiences blazingly fast Get started with a growing library of ready-made components and popular data and app integrations. Build custom experiences with interactions and dynamic values. Connect Drag & Drop Connect to any data source Tap into popular data sources like Supabase, Contentful, and Shopify with built-in connectors, or connect to any HTTP or GraphQL API endpoint. See all integrations design Design experiences your users will love Design custom UIs with responsive layouts and styling that set you apart and delight your users. Create completely custom UIs Create unique, custom UIs with arbitrary layouts and styling that can be tailored to your specific needs and requirements. Import with Figma Quickly turn your Figma designs into React code for production in Plasmic Studio using the best-in-class Figma to code plugin. collaboration Bridge the gap between teams Plasmic makes the development process more collaborative, so everyone can build better experiences together. Empower non-developers Empower marketing, content, design, and product teams to build and publish. Developers can register custom components as building blocks that other team members can use. Collaborate effortlessly Go from silos and endless backlogs to streamlined workflows between development and business teams. Let everyone focus on what they do best with branching and multiplayer mode. Power Integrate with any codebase Unlike other no-code and low-code builders, Plasmic integrates with your existing codebase, so you're never confined to a walled garden. Build with your components Harness the flexibility to create apps that fit your exact requirements. Bring your data sources, React components, deployment environments, design system, and more. Build within existing apps Instead of iframes, Plasmic lets you build pages that integrate seamlessly within your current applications. Leverage your existing components and code for better performance and more cohesive user experiences. deployment Deploy anywhere Deploy to your choice of hosting infrastructure, so you can maintain control and easily scale your app. scale up Scale without limits Manage enterprise-level growth with ease. Scale up and maintain control, even as your application grows and evolves. Get started SOC 2 Compliance Plasmic meets SOC 2 standards for secure handling of sensitive information. SSO and Domain Capture Available for for both Plasmic collaborators and end users of your application. Fine-Grained Permissions Assign and manage fine grained access controls both within Plasmic and your applications. Branching & approvals Collaborate at scale by working on isolated copies, then review and merge when ready. Shared Libraries Centrally manage assets across your organization. Import and reuse within various projects with ease. On-Premise App Deployment Deploy your applications on-premise or behind firewalls for enhanced control and security. the wall of love Our customers us It’s already been a huge increase in efficiency for me, personally. I’m really looking forward to a huge drop in scope for our tests that require new components (most of them). James Armenta Software Engineer
Intuit Really excited about this UI to React components platform. Definitely see a bright future! Herminio Garcia Software Engineer
Sidecar Health fellow UI engineers and designers, you should pay attention to what the folks over at @plasmicapp are doing. I've been using the beta and it is pretty excellent—this is certainly the future of component development. @voidwarren “I had the opportunity to test out an early version of Plasmic and it’s awesome! Excited for the future of this design tool” Cole Bemis Design Systems Engineer @GitHub I was pleasantly surprised and at times, blown away, with the Plasmic approach to solving the problem. The whole concept of variants, interactive variants, and slots feels natural and intuitive. Justin Wilkerson Software Developer
APS Physics We're totally blown away many times a day because of plasmic. You're doing god's work. Nitin Aggarwal Founder
Supersorted.app By far one of the most empowering tools to come out in a while. If you’re a designer/no coder/visual developer who wants to make world class applications, or a design or development studio looking for a way to serve your clients better and faster—check out Plasmic. Collin Thompson CEO
Intrepid Ventures Plasmic is the most important app to be released in the last five years. Tony Key Senior UX Designer
Coupa Software After using this for about an hour, I'm convinced it's the future. Max Gustofson Design Director
Outdoorsy Watching @yaaang demo quickly creating #react components with ease using his app @plasmicapp for the second time tonight at a @_collab_lab exclusive presentation. AND I’m just as blown away as I was last time! Check out this app, y’all! Stacy Taylor Front-End Engineer
Zapier I'm super surprised more folks aren't talking about Plasmic — I just got a demo and it's awesome. It's like Figma and Webflow had a baby that outputs React code. Matt Varughese Partner
8020 Build outside the box with Plasmic no credit card needed Unlimited time on free plan Get started Product Features Pricing Integrations Figma plugin Templates Changelog Support Documentation Community Forum Slack Community Plasmic Experts Service Status Resources Blog Customer Stories GitHub Affiliates Twitter Careers About us Solutions Content Management Marketing E-commerce Developers Agencies Enterprise Use Cases Web app Business apps Internal tools Admin panels React app builder All use cases Comparisons Plasmic vs Builder.io Plasmic vs Figma Sites Plasmic vs Framer Plasmic vs WeWeb Plasmic vs Webflow Made in Plasmic Copyright © 2025 Plasmic, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions · Privacy Policy