Formerly Platform.sh
English
Contact us
Docs
Login
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Company
Watch a demo
Free trial
Platform.sh is now Upsun. Read more
Deliver every release
with certainty

The cloud application platform that instantly spins up production-perfect clones—live data, config, and code—on any branch, across AWS, Azure, or GCP. Stop testing with mocks and stale data. Eliminate staging drift, accelerate signoff, and launch with confidence—because when it’s real, it just works.

Start your free trial

TRUSTED BY ORGANIZATIONS AND DEVELOPMENT TEAMS WORLDWIDE

Simplify turning code into secure production applications
Preview environments, including all your data

Clone production to preview environments instantly. Get exact copies of configuration, code, and data to minimize release risk and ensure deployments behave as expected.

Learn more
Collaboration, simplified

Simultaneously develop features, share feedback with stakeholders, and iterate faster without IT dependencies.

Complete observability

Proactively address performance issues, optimize resource usage, and gain insights for swift responses to events.

Preview environments, including all your data
Clone production to preview environments instantly. Get exact copies of configuration, code, and data to minimize release risk and ensure deployments behave as expected.
Learn more
Collaboration, simplified
Complete observability
Recognized by Gartner® in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Cloud-Native Application Platforms: discover why leading teams are building on Upsun.
Reliable infrastructure, 24x7 support

Automate compliance (SOC 2, PCI DSS Level 1) and daily backups on a reliable infrastructure with expert global support.

Efficient development and cost control

Automate provisioning and optimize resources with container-level CPU and RAM controls to reduce project costs.

Flexible and future-proof technology

Use multiple languages, customize stacks site-by-site, and ensure 100% CLI compatibility for smooth workflows.

Sustainable Cloud Hosting, Greenly certified

Up to 12x more efficient CPU usage,¹ 15x lower emissions in low-carbon regions,² certified by B Labs ™ and Greenly-verified.

Reliable infrastructure, 24x7 support
Automate compliance (SOC 2, PCI DSS Level 1) and daily backups on a reliable infrastructure with expert global support.
Efficient development and cost control
Flexible and future-proof technology
Sustainable Cloud Hosting, Greenly certified
Trusted by developers and teams worldwide

A bright, new offering powered by Platform.sh—adopted (and ❤️) by 17,000+ developers, over the last 8 years.

What success looks like with Upsun

With

Faster deployments
Reduce deployment time by up to 50% with instant, real-time environments.
Lower costs
Scale efficiently with predictable pricing and avoid overpaying for unused resources.
Improved collaboration
Keep teams in sync across front-end, back-end, and APIs, reducing bottlenecks and miscommunication.
Stronger security
Protect your collaboration with SSO and MFA , ensuring that your environments are always secure.

Without

Slow development cycles
Lose valuable time to manual environment setups, leading to missed deadlines and slower time-to-market.
Wasted resources
Overpay for cloud infrastructure you don't fully use, driving up unnecessary costs.
Inefficient collaboration
Teams remain siloed, leading to misaligned work streams and more errors in production.
Increased security risks
Without built-in security features like SSO and MFA , your workflows are more vulnerable to breaches.
Anyone who has some level of knowledge about DevOps concepts and YAML syntax can get started with Upsun; it’s a fairly easy product for the amount of complexity it can handle. That’s the magic.
– Lukas Kahwe Smith, CTO and Co-founder, Witty Works

Get instant access to real-time environments and see how Upsun can transform your workflows.

Start your free trial

See how Upsun can meet your team's specific needs. Book a demo and get a tailored walkthrough.

Talk to sales
Polyglot? Hyperpolyglot?
We glot you.

Upsun supports an array of cool languages and frameworks. Monoliths. Microservies. Multistack. So you can keep your options open. Flexible. And future-proof.

Django

Langchain

Gin

Symfony

Laravel

Next.js

Rails

Express

Flask

Phoenix

Actix Web

Torchserve

Koa

Real-world success stories
How UNICEF cut costs by 60% and scaled globally with Upsun
Read the case study
University of Missouri cuts website costs by 30%, reduces maintenance by 75%, and boosts performance by 300%
Read the case study
Freitag boosts holiday traffic stability and lifts conversions by 25%
Read the case study
Your greatest work
is just on the horizon
Free trial
Company
Trust center
Events
About us
Jobs
Sustainability
Open source
FAQ
Compare
Vercel alternative
Amazee alternative
Heroku alternative
Pantheon alternative
Managed hosting alternative
Fly.io alternative
Render alternative
AWS alternative
Acquia alternative
DigitalOcean alternative
Product
Overview
Features
Support and services
Pricing
Pricing calculator
Use cases
Backend solutions
Application modernization
eCommerce hosting
CMS hosting
Multi site management
SaaS extensions
Compliance and governance
DevOps and platform engineering
AI and automation
Industries
Retail
Higher education
SaaS
Travel and hospitality
Financial services
Government
Manufacturing
Partners
Strategic implementation
Become an agency partner
Partner portal
Resources
Case studies
Blog
Developer Center
Documentation
Cloud regions
Support
Contact us

Join our monthly newsletter

Email*

Compliant and validated

ISO/IEC 27001
SOC 2 Type 2
PCI L1
HIPAA
TX-RAMP
© 2025 Upsun. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy
Impressum
Report a security issue
Cookie preferences