playit.gg Login Want to run an online game server? Forget hosting providers, use your own computer for free! playit .gg makes it easy for friends to connect. download chat Support Discord How it works playit .gg is a global proxy that allows anyone to host a server without port forwarding . We use tunneling . Only the server needs to run the program, not every player! Pricing Feature Free $0/month Playit Premium $3/month or $30/year Number of TCP ports Most games only require a single port. If you're hosting Minecraft Java, you can host 4 servers for free (or unlimited if you add Bungeecord)! 4 16 Number of UDP ports Different games require different networking protocols. With UDP support almost every type of game works with playit. For instance with UDP support make it possible to host Minecraft Bedrock servers. 4 16 Number of firewalls Firewalls are a powerful feature to block unwanted access to your servers. Have someone you want to block or a small group you want limit access to? Firewalls make this happen. 1 5 Max firewall rules If you need to block or allow lots of IP addresses, you may need more firewall rules. 6 60 Number of assignable agents Are you hosting servers on multiple physical computers? Assignable agents let you assign which server is responsible for which tunnels. 2 10 Number of dedicated IPv6 addresses If you're on a IPv6 network, this give you a ton of power. You can use any or all of your 65,000+ public ports on this IP. 0 3 External Domains Have a domain you already own? You can assign it to your tunnels and create sub domains! 0 6 Add Ons Feature Price Custom Domain Every tunnel is given a random but static domain name like random-name.at.ply.gg . With a custom domain you change change it and pick one of our endings like .minecraft.party . $1/month or $6/year Regional Dedicated IP (IPv4 + IPv6). (currently out of stock) Just like Global Dedicated IPs but are only announced in a single region Varies by region $3/month to $6/month Copyright Ⓒ 2025 Developed Methods LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy. DMCA Policy. Terms of Service. For abuse reports, please email [email protected] . For security disclosures, please email [email protected] .