Skip to main content
PlayerAuctions
English
LOG IN
SIGN UP
   
LEADING MARKETPLACE FOR GAMERS

Buy or sell digital goods & services across 300+ games with players worldwide.

Start Trading
Stop rolling animation
3,360,000+ registered traders
300+ active game marketplaces
100% payment fraud protection
Ratings-and-reviews system
Player-to-player messaging
Instant, real-time order notifications
Sales reports
Customer Support
Inventory management
Competitive pricing
Comprehensive dispute resolution
Price comparisons
Store customization
Automated, global payouts
Industry standard security
TOP SELLING GAMER MARKETPLACES

PlayerAuctions is a secure player-to-player trading platform focused on providing players with the best experience for buying and selling online gaming digital goods and services. Trade with confidence, as every transaction is fully protected by PlayerGuardian. Explore our marketplace for 300+ leading games, including:

PoE 2 Currency
Diablo IV Items
Black Ops 7 Account
ARC Raiders Items
OSRS Gold
Fortnite Account
WoW Gold
WoW Classic Gold
Call of Duty Account
Valorant Account
FFXIV Gil
Lost Ark Gold
View our complete list of 200+ games
HOW IT WORKS
step 1 seller list offer to playerauctions
step 2 buyer buys product from playerauctions
step 3 seller delivers products to buyer
step 4 buyer confirms delivery to playerauctions
step 5 playerauction pays out seller
BUY GAMING GOODS AND BOOST YOUR GAMEPLAY

We provide a safe and simple trading experience for gamers worldwide. Our PlayerGuardian technology ensures top-notch security for transactions and keeps user info intact by preventing phishing.

Trading gaming goods can be risky, but not with PlayerAuctions.
SELL YOUR GAMING GOODS SECURELY

Join our community of gamers who are using our marketplace forums to buy and sell their video game goods.

Register and post your offer for free today.
Register
List Your Products
Receive Payment
MARKETPLACE FEATURES
Showing carousel items Number: 1 2 3 out of 9
Competitive Pricing

A liquid market driven by free market economics means competitive pricing for our buyers. For sellers, we work hard to keep our commissions flat, and we absorb all payment fraud costs.

Reports & Inventory Management

Review inventory levels and financial data directly in one place. Our range of reports and dashboard features provide the data needed to stay on top of managing your business.

Tools

Calculators and market trackers help sellers confidently set prices based on market trends, and keep buyers informed when making purchase decisions. We also provide tools to help check player stats to compare avatar and account levels.

Game Stats Calculators
Global Community

Our marketplace matches global supply with demand. We handle all marketing and user acquisition costs for our sellers, freeing them up to focus on their business. For buyers, extensive supply and large stock provides all of the benefits of a competitive marketplace: a large selection of high quality products, easy offer browsing and comparisons, and competitive prices.

Customer Support & Dispute Resolution

Transaction risks are minimized by design: sellers do not get paid until the buyer confirms receipt of the product or service from the seller. However, in the rare event of an after-sale dispute, our customer support team and dispute resolution system offer recourse to both sides of any transaction.

Reputation & Feedback

Our integrated ratings-and-reviews system allows buyers and sellers to rate and review each other by awarding stars and providing text feedback.

Fraud Protection

We leverage machine-learning technology, third-party payment fraud services, and a team dedicated to risk management. As a result, our sellers do not worry about not getting paid, and our buyers know that they will receive the products or services that they have paid for.

Automated Payouts

Our platform integrates with multiple payment providers, banks, and other third-party services through APIs to ensure that sellers get paid on time, automatically, anywhere in the world.

Security

All credit card information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored in a PCI compliant environment. We follow industry standards to protect payment and personal information, and encourage our users to enforce two-factor authentication.

Competitive Pricing

A liquid market driven by free market economics means competitive pricing for our buyers. For sellers, we work hard to keep our commissions flat, and we absorb all payment fraud costs.

Reports & Inventory Management

Review inventory levels and financial data directly in one place. Our range of reports and dashboard features provide the data needed to stay on top of managing your business.

Tools

Calculators and market trackers help sellers confidently set prices based on market trends, and keep buyers informed when making purchase decisions. We also provide tools to help check player stats to compare avatar and account levels.

Game Stats Calculators
Global Community

Our marketplace matches global supply with demand. We handle all marketing and user acquisition costs for our sellers, freeing them up to focus on their business. For buyers, extensive supply and large stock provides all of the benefits of a competitive marketplace: a large selection of high quality products, easy offer browsing and comparisons, and competitive prices.

Customer Support & Dispute Resolution

Transaction risks are minimized by design: sellers do not get paid until the buyer confirms receipt of the product or service from the seller. However, in the rare event of an after-sale dispute, our customer support team and dispute resolution system offer recourse to both sides of any transaction.

Reputation & Feedback

Our integrated ratings-and-reviews system allows buyers and sellers to rate and review each other by awarding stars and providing text feedback.

Fraud Protection

We leverage machine-learning technology, third-party payment fraud services, and a team dedicated to risk management. As a result, our sellers do not worry about not getting paid, and our buyers know that they will receive the products or services that they have paid for.

Automated Payouts

Our platform integrates with multiple payment providers, banks, and other third-party services through APIs to ensure that sellers get paid on time, automatically, anywhere in the world.

Security

All credit card information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored in a PCI compliant environment. We follow industry standards to protect payment and personal information, and encourage our users to enforce two-factor authentication.

Competitive Pricing

A liquid market driven by free market economics means competitive pricing for our buyers. For sellers, we work hard to keep our commissions flat, and we absorb all payment fraud costs.

<
>
TRADING SINCE 1999

Our platform offers marketplaces to provide buyers and sellers with hassle-free trading for a wide range of goods: in game currency (Gold, Silver, Coins, etc.), items/skins, accounts, and power leveling/boosting services.

At PlayerAuctions, we provide a platform for the trading of in-game goods of over 300 games, across all genres and product types. The most popular of which include Old School RuneScape (OSRS), World of Warcraft (WoW Retail and Classic), Path of Exile (PoE), Final Fantasy XIV (FFXIV), EA FC, League of Legends (LoL), Call of Duty (CoD).

We've got what you're looking for. Whether that be OG skins from accounts like Fortnite, Call of Duty, or Battlefield; or powerful characters from accounts like Genshin Impact, Summoners War, Brawl Stars and Valorant. PlayerAuctions is your one-stop shop for all these and more.

Looking to get your hands on some good old currency? We've got you covered there too. Whether it's Path of Exile Orbs or Warframe's Platinum, we carry an abundance of currency from these titles and more like OSRS, Diablo IV, WoW, and New World, just to name a few.

Unable to get your hands on that one item you've been working your butt off for? You can find what you're looking for and more for sale on our site. Commonly traded items include WoW Mounts, rare Pokémon, OSRS Twisted Bow, EverQuest Kronos, and ARC Raiders blueprints.

If you’ve hit a brick wall in your gaming experience, look no further than the help of a Professional Power Leveler. These veteran players can train skills and level accounts with ease by providing services such as WoW power leveling, ELO boosting, and Call of Duty boosting. Not only that, but they can also complete certain in-game tasks like Fire Cape and Bossing services in OSRS, Carry services in Destiny 2, and so much more.

What are you waiting for? Come and check out all our offers and services here on PlayerAuctions now!

DON'T JUST TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT!
AS SEEN ON:
TRUSTED BY THOUSANDS OF USERS
Community ratings
Skip to content below carousel
stars review by 5
Ernie G. on Dec 28, 2025
A very reliable source of items and gold. Used it several times and always 100%.

Done as safe as possible with every order and we use the site chat only to keep things private. Sellers are great and I ne... Read more

stars review by 5
Albert W. on Dec 26, 2025
Amazing service, amazing deals =D

They are the best! Have gone through all order types so far, starting with a newb account then cranking it up with credits... Read more

stars review by 5
Walt D. on Dec 24, 2025
Everything went well

These guys played it safe and did everything according to usual trade standards. They were very discreet and only needed n... Read more

stars review by 5
Hugh W. on Dec 21, 2025
Level 1 seller continues to be great

Great working with these guys have sold several orders for months now and though the deals aren't so ideal all the time (m... Read more

stars review by 5
Anthony S. on Dec 19, 2025
BEST GOLD TRADE SITE

Should have bought here years ago, saved me a lot of time and headache farming the gold in separate days. Cool team, reall... Read more

stars review by 5
Daniel B. on Dec 18, 2025
Amazing account, all good

Good deal. Contained everything promised in the offer description and more over, it was handled with professionalism. The ... Read more

stars review by 5
Jacksie U. on Dec 13, 2025
Excellent trading hub for gamers for all kinda games and needs

I wouldn't of known it was a good site until I tried this time. Been talking to their Reddit staff for several weeks now t... Read more

stars review by 5
Trey D. on Dec 12, 2025
PlayerAuctions Refund. Wasn't so bad.

They do not just process trades, they make an effort to resolve issues too. Had a rough one with a new seller, this is kin... Read more

stars review by 5
Robbie T. on Dec 11, 2025
Good job guys!

Friggin awesome! Site had all the bells and whistles of a secure trading site but most importantly, they handle concerns q... Read more

stars review by 5
Edgar M. on Dec 10, 2025
Honest Sellers. Secure Website. Fast Order Processing!

Went by so fast. Had no idea how quick sellers work here. Also quite impressed with how detailed they are, you get email n... Read more

stars review by 5
Ernie G. on Dec 28, 2025
A very reliable source of items and gold. Used it several times and always 100%.

Done as safe as possible with every order and we use the site chat only to keep things private. Sellers are great and I ne... Read more

stars review by 5
Albert W. on Dec 26, 2025
Amazing service, amazing deals =D

They are the best! Have gone through all order types so far, starting with a newb account then cranking it up with credits... Read more

4.4/5 average rating based on 3,158 reviews
Reviews Verified by
Skip to content below carousel
Read Our Latest Guides
WARFRAME
Warframe Incarnon Rotation for January 2026

See the full January Incarnon rotation in Warframe, including weekly schedules, top Incarnons to prioritiz [...]

By Karl | December 28th, 2025
SCHEDULE 1
How to Get an AC in Schedule 1 (Mushroom Update)
By Elijah | December 28th, 2025
ARK
All New Creatures in ARK: Survival Ascended - Lost Colony Expansion
By Elijah | December 22th, 2025
Read Latest Gaming News
OTHERS
All Uma Musume: Pretty Derby Conditions and How to Treat Them

Uma Musume: Pretty Derby features random events that impact your Trainee in Career Mode. Conditions affect your Trainee by giving them a positive or negative st [...]

By Elijah | July 18th, 2025
SINGLE-PLAYER
Best Rimworld Melee Weapons to Use

You’ll often find yourself engaged in melee battles in your Rimworld runs, so you’d want to equip your pawns with the best available melee weapons. While guns a [...]

By Dillan | July 14th, 2025
PLAYERAUCTIONS
About Us
Game Index
Playerauctions Blog
Sitemap
CSR
SUPPORT
Help Center
Contact Us
How to Buy
How to Sell
Accessibility Statement
LEGAL
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Cookie Policy
Data Subject Access Request
PAYMENT METHODS 
POPULAR MARKETS
OSRS Gold
WoW Gold
PoE Currency
ARC Raders Items
Valorant Accounts
FFXIV Gil
COD Account
RuneScape Gold
TOOLS & SERVICES
Market Price Tracker
Account Value Calculator
Game Stats
Game Guides
PARTNER
Rodeyo
Itembay
Itemmania
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Copyright 2000–2025 PlayerAuctions, Inc., USA. All rights reserved.

We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience and to tailor better services to your needs. To accept cookies either click "Accept and Continue", or continue to browse as normal. Check details or disable non-essential cookies on our Cookie Policy page.