Home Sign in HOME ABOUT FEATURES FEATURES - Play-Cricket Live - Play-Cricket Scorer - PCS Pro - Player Comms SUPPORT 1 Metro Bank - Seeing is Believing 2 Frogbox Play 3 Catch The Spirit Campaign Metro Bank: Increasing the Visibility of Women's and Girls’ Cricket 68% of women and girls would try new sports if they saw themselves visually represented in sports industry images. As Champion of Women’s & Girls’ Cricket, Metro Bank and the ECB are working to increase the visibility of female cricketers at every level, creating more opportunities, more role models, and a stronger future for the sport. FIND OUT MORE Frogbox Play An exciting new app for cricket players and fans, FrogBox Play brings you an endless feed of short clips capturing the best moments from your club and matches this season. Download the app for free and tailor your feed to the teams and players you love, save the highlights that matter, and share the fun with just a tap. Download Now ICC Women's T20 World Cup - 'Catch The Spirit' The ECB & ICC have launched their Catch The Spirit Campaign ahead of the ICC Women's T20 World Cup in 2026. What makes this extra special, is that you may spot some of your teammates catching the spirit, as we had 30 of our own recreational players & volunteers take part. If you haven’t already snapped tickets up in the ballot phase, they are on general sale now. With nine months to go, now is the time to secure your seat and catch the spirit! BUY TICKETS NOW Find a local club or competition Search by Keyword Search by Postcode All Male Female Mixed All Senior Social Junior Indoor Disability All Under 19's Under 17's Under 15's Under 13's Under 11's Under 9's Can't find what you're looking for? If you would like to claim ownership of a new site, then please click here For Players Play Cricket Live Download Play-Cricket Live and check out all your match day stats. Player Comms Your weekly, personalised email containing stats from your weekend's game, a guide to your club's form and fixtures and an insight into upcoming opposition. Sign up to receive these emails. SIGN-UP For Scorers Play Cricket Scorer. The easy way to digitally score recreational cricket and automatically upload to Play-Cricket.com. PCS Pro. Laptop scoring software for recording and analysing cricket matches at international, domestic and recreational level. DOWNLOAD Play-Cricket In Focus 6000+ Clubs . 100 Million+ Annual Page Views . 100,000+ Registered Users . 160,000+ Matches in 2019 . 6000+ Clubs . 100 Million+ Annual Page Views . 100,000+ Registered Users . 160,000+ Matches in 2019 . Why Play-Cricket? FOR PLAYERS FOR CLUBS FOR LEAGUES View match scorecards Your personal stats at your fingertips In-depth look at upcoming fixtures View match highlights Free club website Easily personalise your website Less administration Communicate instantly with your members Free league website Save time with simple player registration Less admin with automated fixture generation Official links to live scoring technology Play-Cricket… In your words Dennis White Devon Cricket League Play Cricket provides an excellent platform for managing league administration, automatic publication of results, tables and statistics. It has reduced the time it takes to enter results and compile league tables per match, from 30 minutes to 3 minutes. Phil Senior Huddersfield Cricket League The Play-Cricket Scoring app is so simple to use and plenty comprehensive enough for club cricket Terry Tinsley Derbyshire County League Availability of statistical information for the players themselves is a fantastic plus of using the P-C system. They can see their own performances as well as those of their colleagues and also the opposition teams they are coming up against. Chris Emery North Staffs & South Cheshire Premier League I would recommend the play cricket system without hesitation. Managing the league is a breeze with play-cricket. You can do so much with it. I’m still finding new things all the time. Adam Davidson Reading Midweek Cricket League Having used Play Cricket with my club for about a decade, it is the obvious choice for me when helping a league or club to set up a website. One of the best features is the individual statistics that can pull together a player’s entire career across many different clubs and competitions. Join over 100,000 users on Play-Cricket.com . Sign Up Home About Features Support All Male Female Mixed All Senior Social Junior Indoor Disability All Under 19's Under 17's Under 15's Under 13's Under 11's Under 9's Search by Keyword Search by Postcode Privacy Statement Terms and Conditions Administrator T&C s Scoring App T&C s Cookie Policy Support Report Discrimination ©2026 Play-Cricket. All rights reserved.