Playtech Company About Us Our Partners Locations Investor Relations Careers Platform PAM+ Marketplace Payments SaaS Partners Gaming Casino Live Poker Bingo Retail Betting Sports Services Media Press Releases Interviews Research Papers Blogs All Contact us Sustainability Playtech Protect Playtech People Playtech Planet Playtech Partners Company About Us Our Partners Locations Investor Relations Careers Contact Media Platform PAM+ Marketplace Payments SaaS Partners Gaming Casino Live Poker Bingo Retail Betting Sports Services Sustainability Playtech Protect Playtech People Playtech Partners Playtech Planet Regulatory All Policies Modern Slavery and Human Rights Statement Playtech Plc Tax Strategy Statement UK Gender Pay Gap Privacy & Cookie Notice Sport Personality & Athletes Privacy Notice Business Partner Privacy Notice Safer Gambling Support You must be over the legal gambling age in your country of residence in order to access this site. Please confirm that you are legally permitted to access gambling related content. Yes No POWERING INNOVATIVE
AND SAFER GAMBLING
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS Playtech is a leading technology company to the gambling industry providing over 25 years of unparalleled expertise across the globe. Your browser does not support the video tag. PAM+ In addition to everything you’d expect from the industry’s leading PAM (Player Account Management) platform, Playtech’s PAM+ also boasts an unrivalled array of player engagement and promotion tools, powerful responsible gaming features, and out-of-the-box integrations with complimentary best-of-breed providers. With support for multiple regulatory jurisdictions, PAM+ provides a highly customisable, open platform that delivers the best operational tools in the industry Learn more Partnering for shared success Save time and effort. Operators around the world trust Playtech Product Suite Unmatched flexibility, seamless integration. Our products work as a powerful whole and integrate smoothly with your existing technology, giving you the freedom to build your ideal solution. Casino The world’s largest and most diverse online casino content developers with 8 content studios. Live Dedicated to creating next-level entertainment, delivering a range of world class branded content. Sports The leading global supplier of online, mobile and retail sportsbook technology. Poker Actively investing in developing new games, product features and retention tools. Bingo Industry-leading specialist bingo supplier delivering a seamless omnichannel experience. Retail Providing services beyond the digital sphere of iGaming, and into the physical realm of retail. PAM+ Playtech's PAM+ platform enables seamless player transitions across games and platforms through a single account and wallet, ensuring full control of the player lifecycle. BetBuddy Offering a state-of-the-art safer gambling analytics platform designed to protect your players and support responsible player engagement and operations. Responsibility and Regulation Committing to responsible business practices. As a rapidly growing FTSE 250 company, we recognise the needs of all our stakeholders is critical to creating long term value and maintaining our position as a leader in regulated markets. Sustainability and Responsible Business Policies and Statements Playtech Plc Tax Strategy Statement UK Gender Pay Gap Reports Privacy and Cookie Notice Business Partner Privacy Notice Stakeholder Engagement Reports Modern Slavery and Human Rights Statement Our sustainability priorities Sustainability is about taking responsibility for our company’s impact on people, society, and the environment. Learn more about our sustainability governance and strategy here Learn more about how we are investing in the next generation of technology to make the gambling experience safer and raise industry standards. Read More At Playtech, employee behaviour is guided by values of integrity, innovation, excellence and performance. By making a commitment to promoting integrity and an inclusive culture, Playtech is working to enshrine these values in everything it does. Read More At Playtech we recognise that urgent action is required to substantially reduce the risks and impacts of climate change, that climate change is a material issue and that the company has an important role to play in the sector and the countries and communities where it operates. Read More As the leading technology company in the gambling industry, Playtech has an important role to play in finding solutions for the issues that most concern our stakeholders — both in the communities where we operate and on critical issues facing our industry, such as safer gambling. Read More Our SaaS Partners Save time and effort. Integrate Playtech with dozens of tools. See more Company About Our Partners Locations Investor Relations Careers Contact Media Services Platform PAM+ Marketplace Payments SaaS Partners Gaming Casino Live Poker Bingo Retail Betting Sports Sustainability Playtech Protect Playtech People Playtech Planet Playtech Partners Regulatory All Policies Modern Slavery and Human Rights Statement Playtech Plc Tax Strategy Statement UK Gender Pay Gap Privacy & Cookie Notice Sport Personality & Athletes Privacy Notice Business Partner Privacy Notice Safer Gambling Support Playtech Plc is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 38516 . Playtech PLC holds a critical gaming supply corporate license number MGA/CRP/137/2007, issued on 06 December 2018 by the Malta Gaming Authority Privacy & Cookie Notice Crafted by BRND WGN 6