Playflux – Mobile Gaming Studio Skip to content Cookie Policy Playflux – Mobile Gaming Studio Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Contact Us Main Menu Contact Us Games Contact Us Across the globe, our games and apps have brought smiles to the screens of millions of mobile users. Across the globe, our games and apps have brought smiles to the screens of millions of mobile users. Featured Games Tile Family® 35M downloads Dream Mania 10.6M downloads Colorscapes® 63M downloads Wood Block Puzzle 3.8M downloads Bible Jigsaw Puzzle 2.2M downloads Triple Master 4.2M downloads Waterscapes 6.6M downloads Wordwise® 3.1M downloads Colorswipes® 12.1M downloads Find the Difference 8.6M downloads Coloring Game 8.1M downloads Jigsaw Puzzles 39.8M downloads Featured Games Tile Family® 4.2M downloads Dream Mania 10.6M downloads Colorscapes® 63M downloads Wood Block Puzzle 3.8M downloads Bible Jigsaw Puzzle 2.2M downloads Triple Master 35M downloads Waterscapes 6.6M downloads Wordwise® 3.1M downloads Colorswipes® 12.1M downloads Find the Difference 8.6M downloads Coloring Game 8.1M downloads Jigsaw Puzzles 39.8M downloads Let’s Connect We’re always eager to connect with our community, partners, and enthusiasts. Whether you have a question, a suggestion, or just want to say hello, we’d love to hear from you. Contact Us Games Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2020-2025 Playflux. All rights reserved. * Data collected on May, 2024. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent