Plentific | Maintenance and Property Management Software Log in English (GB) Log in Talk to us Property Operations Platform Discover the new world of property operations Plentific makes managing and enhancing real estate properties easier, faster, and more efficient and delivers remarkable resident experiences. Talk to us Download buyer's guide Our property operations platform is trusted by 100 leading real estate clients and powers 1.6M+ units. See our customers Plentific property operations platform Gain complete visibility and control. Seamlessly manage property maintenance in one place. Whether overseeing residential properties, commercial spaces, or assets within them, Plentific streamlines your entire customer journey — from work order creation with residents to contractor orchestration and sourcing and invoicing. Platform overview See what Plentific AI can do Say hello to all-in-one property operations As your data-driven source of truth for asset and contractor management, Plentific empowers clients to achieve top performance through our cutting-edge software platform, vetted contractor marketplace, and expertly managed services. The only all-in-one  contractor management  platform you need For property owners and operators Manage your in house teams, existing contractors and find new providers to increase supply chain visibility and flexibility. For contractors and providers Become a safe and sustainable contractor. Find new business opportunities, increase efficiency and stay competitive in the market Our solutions Plentific Platform ‍Streamline operations, enable scalability, drive cost efficiencies, and support customer satisfaction with our end to end platform. Learn more Plentific Managed A collaborative approach to property management-as-a-service. Less work and cost for you, with better results. Learn more Flexible technology for serious operators Your property operations have unique needs and you need a tech stack that supports them. Plentific makes it easy to integrate or access easily perks through our marketplace. Explore Plentific Open API Cloud-native Connect to any cloud solution easily, stay secure, and enjoy 99.9% uptime. Open APIs Integrate into our open APIs quickly and efficiently. Integration partner Solve some of your most complex integration needs as client or contractor. Plentific Marketplace Access many integrations available through the Plentific Marketplace. The best operators rely on Plentific Hear what customers say about the power of Plentific View all customer stories > Notting Hill Genesis "Each contractor is both verified and insured. We are finding Plentific quicker, cheaper and more convenient for residents." Read story Network Homes "It’s just really, really easy. I think pretty much most things on Plentific are just a few clicks away, and that’s my favourite thing about it. One click, two clicks and you’re there.” Read story L&Q “Plentific has made life easier for L&Q teams using the platform day-to-day. It’s created empowerment, it’s built around our people and it helps us make better decisions for our residents. Read story Peabody “The idea is firstly to provide choice and control to residents, enabling them using the Plentific platform. Customer satisfaction using the system so far is close to 90%.” Read story Platform Housing “The most significant benefit we’ve seen in using Plentific so far has been a net superior customer journey. These substantial improvements have undeniably had a positive impact on our customer satisfaction levels.” Read story Staykeepers "Thanks to Plentific, we have been able to build automations that enable us to streamline end-to-end operations and service management on the ground." Read story Learn more with Plentific. Our latest insights, guides and reports to help you solve your business challenges. View all resources > blog Orchestrating Property Operations and Procurement on one end-to-end platform blog Navigating 2025/26: An Introduction to the Four Forces Shaping Social Housing Read Story blog From Data to Action: A Panel Recap on the Future of Compliance Read Story Ready to get started? Connect with our team of experts to learn how our platform can support your business. Talk to us 1.6M+ properties live 3M+ engaged residents 5,000+ service providers English (GB) Solutions Overview Work Order Management Workforce Management Inspections Management Compliance Management Resident Portal & App Repairs Diagnostics Reporting & Analytics Partner Network AI-powered Property Operations Security By Use Case Repairs and Maintenance Resident Engagement Internal Workforce Management Supply Chain Solutions Contractor Management Voids Inspections Planned Maintenance Building Safety & Compliance By Sector Social Housing PRS & Build-to-Rent Block Management Letting Agencies Resources Resource center Customer Stories Insights Whitepapers Newsroom Company About Careers Contact Integrations Partner Network API Documentation Security ISO 27001 Certified Sustainable Business Verified Cyber Essentials Certified Property Week Tech Innovation Awards 2025 Housing Digital Innovation Awards 2025 Copyright © 2025 Plentific Ltd
Yarnwicke 119, 121 Cannon St, London EC4N 5AT Status Privacy Cookies Terms DPA Contractor Terms