Smarter spending for your business - Pleo Skip to content Products Solutions Resources Partners Pricing Smart spend management you can trust Automate your spend and take full control of your finances with a tool employees will love, no matter the size of your business. Get started for free Trusted by 40,000+ customers All your spend in one place Business cards Expense management Accounts payable Reimbursements Other solutions Issue virtual or physical cards, instantly Clear spend limitations built-in Vendor cards to manage recurring payments Manage cards in a few clicks Fits your business in all the right places Simplify your workflow by connecting the tools you use. All integrations Don't just take our word for it This is how we've helped transform how our customers manage their business spending. More customer stories Start a new era of spend management today Get started for free A solution that scales with you Startups Spending done right, from day one. Fast-track spend management Mid-size companies Consolidate spending data and close your books faster. Manage expenses with ease Enterprise Stay on top of spend and compliance while empowering global teams. Scale with financial control Rated best-in-class 4.9 star rating 4.5 star rating 4.8 star rating 5 star rating Product Overview Pricing Integrations Status Company About us Careers Press Legal Brand Contact us Partnerships Pleo partnerships Consulting partnerships Accounting partnerships Partner directory Resources Blog Help centre FAQ Webinars and events Customer stories Free accounting resources Reviews Developers Solutions Startups Small businesses Larger businesses Business travel expenses Software subscriptions Marketing spend Legal Master Service Agreement Data Processing Agreement Sub-processors Privacy policy GDPR Fraud awareness Complaints process Anti-Modern Slavery Statement Trust & Security Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Policy LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Pleo Technologies A/S (36538686) Ravnsborg Tværgade 5C 2200 København N Danmark Cards starting with *519159 are issued by Pleo Financial Services UK Ltd pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. Pleo Financial Services UK Ltd is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 with firm reference number: 1020730. Pleo Financial Services UK Ltd’s registered office is: 3rd Floor 11 St John Street, Farringdon, London, United Kingdom, EC1M 4AA and company number is: 15842283. Cards starting with *529437 are issued by B4B Payments pursuant to license by Mastercard International Inc. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. All communications should be sent to: Europe – PO Box 76256, London, SW1P 9NU. Pleo Technologies A/S (36538686) , 2025 . All rights reserved. The claim “Europe’s leading business spend solution” is based on the number of customers served by Pleo in Europe compared to similar solutions and according to public information. © 2006 – 2025 Payment Card Solutions (UK) Limited trading as B4B Payments is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority to conduct electronic money service activities under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (Ref: 930619).