Conversion Rate Optimization Tools – Plerdy Menu Products Website Heatmap Tool Session Replay Software Pop-Up Software Ecommerce Analytics Website Feedback Tool Event Tracking Tools Website Funnel Analysis A/B Testing Tool SEO Checker SERP Checker UX Assistant Chrome SEO Analyzer Conversion Accelerator Pricing & Plans Learn Digital marketing Content Marketing Ecommerce Business SEO Web Design Tools EBooks Analytics Guide Cases On-page SEO News User Experience (UX) All Articles Website Checklists Hub UX Game Free tools Marketing Glossary Google Analytics 4 Course Affiliate Program Plerdy SEO Analyzer Plerdy UX & Usability Testing Book a Demo Sign In Try It Free Conversion Rate Optimization Tools Plerdy makes your customers happier Track, analyze, and convert your visitors into buyers with AI-enhanced technology 4.7 Trusted by 306 businesses on G2 Sign up with Google Watch video Where they click? Why don't they buy? Are there any bugs? +12% CR with Popup Found a bug Only 30% scroll on 48% Droped Comprehensive Website Analysis with All-in-One Tools Elevate Your SEO and Conversion Rates by Monitoring User Behavior UX&CRO Ecommerce Analytics SEO AI UX&CRO: Ecommerce: Analytics: SEO: AI: Website Heatmap Tool For UX and CRO analysis Learn more Session Replay Software Notice every important decision of users Learn more Pop-Up Software Simple ways to increase sales leads Learn more Net Promoter Score (NPS) Ask customers and improve the site Learn more Ecommerce Analytics Find out which element affects sales Learn more Event Tracking Tools Track users-specific activities Learn more Funnel Analysis Track where website visitors drop off Learn more A/B Testing Tool Optimize with A/B testing insights Learn more SEO Checker Monitoring the most important SEO data Learn more SERP Checker Add-on Real-time competitor tracking Learn more UX Assistant Add-on AI-powered performance reports Learn more Endorsed by leading global enterprises Regardless of size or industry, every business deserves access to the best technology to grow and thrive. Client Testimonials: The Impact of Plerdy Companies worldwide use Plerdy to Increase sales 1.5х! Celeste Rodriguez Head of Content in Pearl Lemon Official “I love Plerdy and I use it with great satisfaction. We started using it to see how to improve the UX of
              e-commerce and just by seeing the videos we made changes that have improved conversions. My clients are
              also thrilled with the results we are achieving with Plerdy. I have compared similar tools and Plerdy in
              my experience is the best.” Cristian Trappolini Executive Art Director in Lavoratore autonomo “The most efficient tool to simplify users’ behavior on your website What I like most about the app is
              that it doesn't affect the speed of a website and the fact that simplify the data of the user behavior.
              From a business owner’s perspective, this improves the understanding of the website performance in
              relation to usability.” Edward Toscano Business Developer in Mercury Advance AB Silvan Kurras Founder and CEO in FLOWYZE | IVA “When you need to go deeper than simple analytics and want to check out heatmaps and video recordings of your products, Plerdy is a great solution. It also has some nice SEO tools, and even an AI reporting assistant. When you want to go deep on your site's performance, I recommend Plerdy.” Justin H. Multi-Instrumentalist Mark Leeds President in Dr.Leeds Elba María Martínez-Pérez President in IDEAS Creative Group “Plerdy is the most accurate heatmap software as well as great customer support I like the accuracy of
              data, the ability to track clicks on dynamic elements and mobile data is the best among other
              alternatives. Also, the customer support team is always ready to help really fast.” Kate Lavrenchuk Digital Marketing Specialist in Folderly “A conversion suite with many tails. I personally prefer to do as much work in the same place without
              having to switch to different platforms, and this is where Plerdy shines. It's offering a more complete
              analysis than most products I've tried. I especially prefer to use SEO and UX analysis tools.” Andréas Henriksson Webbutvecklare in Divine Design Juan David Garcia Especialista en estrategia digital y creación de plataformas en línea API integration Connect to Zapier, MailChimp, Hubspot and more. Conversion Rate Optimization Tools Say goodbye to underperforming websites and hello to data-driven conversion rate optimization with Plerdy. Simple installation The one-time installation only takes 30 seconds. Cost efficiency Many free functions for marketing beginners. Data security The data transfer is protected with SSL technology. Efficiency Reports for conversion rate optimization are created instantly. Speed The installed script won't overload your website. Website improvement Build hypotheses to analyze and optimize your conversion rate. Additional metrics Assess usability based on heatmap data, and analyze Easy integration Integrate with other online services Cross-platform Enjoy seamless work in all popular browsers and with all popular 300+ G2 reviews Optimize your website today! Create a Plerdy account for free and take your conversion to the next level. Don't lose a
          single customer. Insights based on user behavior Zero Server Load 99% Data Accuracy Sign up with Google Articles from the blog Content for UX designers, SEO specialists, and business owners Ecommerce Lost Revenue Analysis: How To Find Pages That Burn Your Budget And Win Back Sales Dec 26, 2025 Guide Adding an E-commerce Tracking Code Dec 22, 2025 Business How To Install Plerdy Using Shopify CMS Dec 04, 2025 Guide Main Reasons Why the Plerdy Script Doesn’t Work After Being Installed Dec 04, 2025 Guide Mobile HeatMap Analysis Dec 04, 2025 Guide How to Run A/B Testing on a Website Dec 03, 2025 Guide How to Conduct a UX Audit of a Website? Dec 03, 2025 Guide How to Analyze A/B Test Results? Dec 03, 2025 Show more Company About Us Contact Reviews Case Studies Ebooks Updates FAQ Sitemap What is Plerdy Partner Affiliate
                                Program Partnership Bonuses from partners Referral program Guest posting CMS Plugins Non-Profits Educators Startups Free Business
                                Package Insights User
                                    Experience (UX)
                                    Statistics UX Research
                                    Survey Report How to do a Website
                                    Audit Best of the Best Top Marketing Experts in the
                                World Google Ads
                                Experts Marketing
                                Copywriters CMO experts CRO Experts Usability
                                experts Free Tools Plerdy UX & Usability Testing Free Chrome Extensions for SEO We stand for 🇺🇦 Ukraine. You can find more information and donate here Find it
                            on the Shopify App Store Follow Us: USA España Казахстан Polska Portugal Україна Français Copyright © 2025. Plerdy. All rights reserved GDPR Terms of Service Do Not Track Privacy Policy Security Policy We use cookies to personalize your experience. By continuing to visit this
                                    website you agree to our use of cookies. Got It Read our cookie Policy