Stream Movies & Find Shows On The Best Streaming Services Changing the site language for you. Please wait ... Hey! Our website is available in your language , would you like to switch to that? Yes No {{navBar.searchScope}} {{key}} {{term}} ? {{navSearchSanitizedItem( item, 'title' )}} {{navSearchItemTypeDesc( item )}} Watch Free No results Free Movies & TV Live TV Features Download Explore Featured Movies & TV Shows Live TV Channels Most Popular Leaving Soon What to Watch Categories Categories {{navUCFirst(item.title)}} Explore Browse Channels Featured Channels Featured Channels {{navUCFirst(item.name)}} Categories Categories {{navUCFirst(item.name)}} Plex for All 600+ Free Live TV Channels Tune in anytime, on any device. Free Movies & Shows Stream 50,000+ titles on demand. Experience Discover on Plex Find a movie. Find a show. Find your friends. Stream on Almost Any Device Download our free app to start. Plex for Pros Add Your Personal Media Organize & stream your own collection. Choose a Plan Upgrade to stream your personal media remotely & more. Plexamp Experience the app made for audiophiles. Ultimate DVR (Plex Pass Exclusive) Watch & record broadcast TV. Get the App For TVs Roku, Fire TV, Samsung & more For Mobile iOS & Android For Consoles PlayStation & Xbox For Desktop Mac, Windows & Web Plex Pro Downloads Plex Media Server Create, organize, and store your collections. Plexamp Experience the app made for audiophiles. Plex Photos New All your photo collections. One easy app. Plex Dash (Plex Pass Exclusive) A custom app for remote server monitoring. Free Movies & TV Featured Movies & Shows Live TV Channels Plex Picks Most Popular Leaving Soon What to Watch Live TV Browse Channels Categories Features for All Live TV Channels On Demand Movies & Shows Stream on Almost Any Device Pause, Save, Resume Features for Plex Pros Add Your Personal Media Upgrade to Plex Pass Plexamp (Plex Pass Exclusive) Ultimate TV & DVR (Plex Pass Exclusive) Get the App For TVs For Mobile For Consoles For Desktop Plex Pro Downloads Plex Media Server Plexamp (Plex Pass Exclusive) Plex Photos Plex Dash (Plex Pass Exclusive) Meet your TV concierge. Need something to watch? We’re on it. Plex combines free movies & TV with the best free streaming services, so there’s always more to discover. Start Streaming Discover Movies & Shows Live TV Your Media Your Music What will we Discover Together? Finding what to watch next is better when you do it together . Search for and add friends, share, comment, and more using Discover on Plex. Learn More What we’re watching now. This is just a peek. Choose from thousands of free ad-supported titles from our on-demand library. See What’s On Sorry, this Hub is not available at the moment. We like our TV free. With over 600 channels (and counting) available in the US and hundreds available worldwide, your inner couch potato will rejoice. See What’s On Now Sorry, this Hub is not available at the moment. Bring your media to the pro side. There’s a lot of options out there for storing your media. But if you’re looking to organize, stream, and share it in the most beautiful way possible, Plex is your app. Get Plex Media Server Rediscover your music. Imagine loving music so much that you pour your heart, soul, and engineering know-how into creating a completely custom music player for music lovers just like you. Well, that’s exactly what we did. Discover Plexamp Save One list to rule them all. With a free Plex account you can keep a single, unified Watchlist for any movie or TV show you hear about, on any service—even theater releases! You can finally stop hopping between watchlists on Max, Amazon Prime, Paramount+, and all your other streaming services, and add it all on Plex instead. Create Your Free Account Praise for the Plex Watchlist “ It essentially makes the app the center of your streaming universe, and in an increasingly convoluted digital media landscape, that’s a useful function indeed. ” - The New York Times Read the Article Watch It’s a great day to Discover. Select from the best streaming services (like Hulu , Netflix , Max, and Disney+) to discover more, search faster, and get curated recommendations—all without ever leaving Plex. Explore Find your friends on Plex. What if you could find what to watch next based on ratings and activity from people you know in real life? With Discover Together, you can. Now you can search for and add friends, share, comment, and more. Learn More You bring your media, we’ll do the rest. We love personal media too! Use Plex to organize, beautify, and stream your personal collection of movies, TV shows, music, and photos anywhere, on all your devices. Learn More And that’s just (film) facts. See what films and shows your favorite actors are in (and add them to your Watchlist) without ever leaving Plex! With Discover Credits, it’s all united into a single page, including which of their titles are available in your personal media libraries, on demand, or elsewhere via Discover. Search the Stars Streaming Is Believing Get Plex Free Question or two? Here’s an answer or two. What is Plex? A one-stop destination to stream movies, TV shows, and music, Plex is the most comprehensive entertainment platform available today. Available on almost any device, Plex is the first-and-only streaming platform to offer free ad-supported movies, shows, and live TV together with the ability to easily search—and add to your Watchlist—any title ever made, no matter which streaming service it lives on. Using the platform as their entertainment concierge, 17 million (and growing!) monthly active users count on Plex for new discoveries and recommendations from all their favorite streaming apps, personal media libraries, and beyond. Is Plex really free? Plex is a free streaming app for everyone, no credit cards or subscription costs or hidden fees. To keep our service free we include ads which monetize all of the content that our partners, such as Lionsgate, AMC, and A24, provide to us. Where is Plex available? Plex is available in almost every country in the world. No other free streaming service delivers more content to and from more countries worldwide. Where can I watch Plex? Watch Plex instantly online from your personal computer or on any internet-connected device that offers the Plex app. That includes streaming media players (Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV, Chromecast, Roku, etc.), smart TVs (LG, Hisense, Samsung, VIZIO, etc.), smartphones, tablets, game consoles, and more! Do I need a Plex account? You do not need to create an account to use Plex, but you get more when you do. Benefits that come with your free account include access to your very own universal Watchlist, the ability to customize the streaming services that show up in your search results, the ability to pick up where you left off on any device, and more. How can I personalize my Plex experience? It’s free and easy. Just create your free Plex account, and you can add movies to your own universal Watchlist, add favorite channels to your live TV lineup, personalize your streaming services, and more. What is Plex Pass? And can I use it to watch Plex ad-free? Plex Pass is our premium subscription option designed for our users looking to get the most out of their own personal media via their Plex Media Server. We do not currently offer any option for watching Plex-provided content without ads. A Plex Pass does not remove ads, nor does it provide access to extra content on our free services. Check out an overview on Plex Pass benefits here . Can I use Plex to enjoy my own personal media? Yes! If you are looking for the perfect home for your own media, look no further than the Plex Media Server. You can install the server on a computer or NAS device you already have and then get up and running in minutes. Check out our support articles here . Plex Blog December 18, 2025 New on Plex in January November 23, 2025 Thanks for being a fan. November 18, 2025 New on Plex in December We value your privacy. Plex and our partners use standard Web technologies, such as browser cookies, which may be necessary to make our site work and enable core functionality, such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but note that it may affect how our site functions. We’d also like to enable analytics cookies, optional to you, to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it; we specifically use Google and Facebook analytics to derive insights about who is doing what on our site and to help us improve your experience. We won’t set these optional cookies unless you agree to and enable them. This tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences once you have accepted. I Accept I Reject More Options We value your privacy. Plex and our partners use standard Web technologies, such as browser cookies, which may be necessary to make our site work and enable core functionality, such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but note that it may affect how our site functions. We’d also like to enable analytics cookies, optional to you, to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it; we specifically use Google and Facebook analytics to derive insights about who is doing what on our site and to help us improve your experience. We won’t set these optional cookies unless you agree to and enable them. This tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences once you have accepted. I Accept I Reject More Options Plex’s use of cookies Necessary cookies make our site work. We’d also like to enable analytics cookies, optional to you, to help us improve the site and your experience. This tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences once you have accepted. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to this site. For more information on how these cookies work please see our Tracking Technologies page . Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality on our site, such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but it may affect how the site functions. Analytics cookies Analytics cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it; we specifically use Google analytics to derive insights about who is doing what on our site. These cookies collect information anonymously. OFF Third Party Cookies Third-party cookies enable us to correctly attribute traffic driven to our site; specifically, we use Facebook cookies to measure performance of Facebook campaigns, as well as cookies from Commission Junction, which help us see traffic directed to our site by affiliates we work with in marketing. OFF Accept All Reject All Save & Exit {{#if (or isSignedIn isSigninIn) }} {{#if isSigninIn }} Signing you in, Please wait ... {{else}} Redirecting you, please wait ... {{/if}} {{else}} Account Sign in Create your free account No credit card required. {{/if}} Company About Careers Our Culture Giving Partners News Plex Gear The Plex Blog Advertise with Us Go Premium Plans Plexamp Plex Labs Get Perks Downloads Plex Media Server Plex Plexamp Plex Photos Plex Dash Where to Watch Support Finding Help Support Library Community Forums Community Guidelines Billing Questions Status Bug Bounty CordCutter Get in Touch Watch Free Discover on Plex TV Channel Finder What to Watch What To Watch on Netflix What To Watch on Hulu A24 Movies Valentine’s Day Movies Christmas Movies Copyright © 2025 Plex Privacy & Legal Accessibility Accessibility Manage Cookies Language: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information / Opt-out of Targeted Advertising