Free Movies & TV
Live TV
Features
Download
Explore
Featured
Movies & TV Shows
Live TV Channels
Most Popular
Leaving Soon
What to Watch
Explore
Browse Channels
Plex for All
600+ Free Live TV Channels
Tune in anytime, on any device.
Free Movies & Shows
Stream 50,000+ titles on demand.
Experience Discover on Plex
Find a movie. Find a show. Find your friends.
Stream on Almost Any Device
Download our free app to start.
Plex for Pros
Add Your Personal Media
Organize & stream your own collection.
Choose a Plan
Upgrade to stream your personal media remotely & more.
Plexamp
Experience the app made for audiophiles.
Ultimate DVR (Plex Pass Exclusive)
Watch & record broadcast TV.
Get the App
For TVs
Roku, Fire TV, Samsung & more
For Mobile
iOS & Android
For Consoles
PlayStation & Xbox
For Desktop
Mac, Windows & Web
Plex Pro Downloads
Plex Media Server
Create, organize, and store your collections.
Plexamp
Experience the app made for audiophiles.
Plex Photos NEW
All your photo collections. One easy app.
Plex Dash (Plex Pass Exclusive)
A custom app for remote server monitoring.
Sign In
Sign Up Free
Meet your TV concierge.

Need something to watch? We’re on it. Plex combines free movies & TV with the best free streaming services, so there’s always more to discover.

Start Streaming
Discover
Movies & Shows
Live TV
Your Media
Your Music
Rediscover your music.

Imagine loving music so much that you pour your heart, soul, and engineering know-how into creating a completely custom music player for music lovers just like you. Well, that’s exactly what we did.

What will we Discover Together?

Finding what to watch next is better when you do it together. Search for and add friends, share, comment, and more using Discover on Plex.

Learn More
What we’re watching now.

This is just a peek. Choose from thousands of free ad-supported titles from our on-demand library.

See What’s On
We like our TV free.

With over 600 channels (and counting) available in the US and hundreds available worldwide, your inner couch potato will rejoice.

See What’s On Now
Bring your media to the pro side.

There’s a lot of options out there for storing your media. But if you’re looking to organize, stream, and share it in the most beautiful way possible, Plex is your app.

Get Plex Media Server
Rediscover your music.

Imagine loving music so much that you pour your heart, soul, and engineering know-how into creating a completely custom music player for music lovers just like you. Well, that’s exactly what we did.

Discover Plexamp
What will we Discover Together?

Finding what to watch next is better when you do it together. Search for and add friends, share, comment, and more using Discover on Plex.

What we’re watching now.

This is just a peek. Choose from thousands of free ad-supported titles from our on-demand library.

We like our TV free.

With over 600 channels (and counting) available in the US and hundreds available worldwide, your inner couch potato will rejoice.

Bring your media to the pro side.

There’s a lot of options out there for storing your media. But if you’re looking to organize, stream, and share it in the most beautiful way possible, Plex is your app.

Rediscover your music.

Imagine loving music so much that you pour your heart, soul, and engineering know-how into creating a completely custom music player for music lovers just like you. Well, that’s exactly what we did.

One list to rule them all.

With a free Plex account you can keep a single, unified Watchlist for any movie or TV show you hear about, on any service—even theater releases! You can finally stop hopping between watchlists on Max, Amazon Prime, Paramount+, and all your other streaming services, and add it all on Plex instead.

Create Your Free Account
It’s a great day to Discover.

Select from the best streaming services (like Hulu, Netflix, Max, and Disney+) to discover more, search faster, and get curated recommendations—all without ever leaving Plex.

Find your friends on Plex.

What if you could find what to watch next based on ratings and activity from people you know in real life? With Discover Together, you can. Now you can search for and add friends, share, comment, and more.

Learn More
You bring your media, we’ll do the rest.

We love personal media too! Use Plex to organize, beautify, and stream your personal collection of movies, TV shows, music, and photos anywhere, on all your devices.

Learn More
And that’s just (film) facts.

See what films and shows your favorite actors are in (and add them to your Watchlist) without ever leaving Plex! With Discover Credits, it’s all united into a single page, including which of their titles are available in your personal media libraries, on demand, or elsewhere via Discover.

Search the Stars
Streaming
Is Believing 

Get Plex Free

Question or two? Here’s an answer or two.
What is Plex?
Is Plex really free?
Where is Plex available?
Where can I watch Plex?
Do I need a Plex account?
How can I personalize my Plex experience?
What is Plex Pass? And can I use it to watch Plex ad-free?
Can I use Plex to enjoy my own personal media?
Plex Blog
December 18, 2025
New on Plex in January
November 23, 2025
Thanks for being a fan.
November 18, 2025
New on Plex in December
We value your privacy.

Plex and our partners use standard Web technologies, such as browser cookies, which may be necessary to make our site work and enable core functionality, such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but note that it may affect how our site functions.

We’d also like to enable analytics cookies, optional to you, to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it; we specifically use Google and Facebook analytics to derive insights about who is doing what on our site and to help us improve your experience. We won’t set these optional cookies unless you agree to and enable them. This tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences once you have accepted.

I Accept
I Reject
More Options
Company
About
Careers
Our Culture
Giving
Partners
News
Plex Gear
The Plex Blog
Advertise with Us
 Go Premium
Plans
Plexamp
Plex Labs
Get Perks
 Downloads
Plex Media Server
Plex
Plexamp
Plex Photos
Plex Dash
Where to Watch
 Support
Finding Help
Support Library
Community Forums
Community Guidelines
Billing Questions
Status
Bug Bounty
CordCutter
Get in Touch
 Watch Free
Discover on Plex
TV Channel Finder
What to Watch
What To Watch on Netflix
What To Watch on Hulu
A24 Movies
Valentine’s Day Movies
Christmas Movies
Copyright © 2025 Plex 
Privacy & Legal Accessibility Manage Cookies
 Language: English (US)
      
English (US)