Plex Smart Manufacturing Platform | Rockwell Automation | Plex | US Loading Plex Community Change Country Site Selection Change RockwellAutomation.com site selection to a different country, region or language US | EN Back to Previous Menu Products Manufacturing Execution System (MES) Manufacturing Execution Suite (MES) is a comprehensive manufacturing software solution that provides real-time, paperless production management to drive enterprise-wide compliance, quality, and efficiency. Quality Management System (QMS) Quality Management System (QMS) is a cloud-based digital quality solution for manufacturers that standardizes and automates quality documentation, processes, and measurements. Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) is a full-featured, scalable, cloudbased ERP that automates front- and back-office processes. Supply Chain Planning (SCP) Supply Chain Planning (SCP) combines data from your Plex ERP and multiple departments across your business to sync up demand and supply planning to improve inventory accuracy and production management. Connected Worker Connected Worker empowers frontline manufacturing teams with real-time digital tools to improve productivity, reduce errors, and enhance collaboration. It connects your people, to purpose, people, productivity, and processes to drive continuous improvement and workforce agility on the shop floor. Production Monitoring Production Monitoring provides seamless connectivity to machines on the plant floor, delivering transparent, real-time operational KPIs and dashboards to drive continuous improvements. MES Automation & Orchestration MES Automation & Orchestration connects your Plex MES to the plant edge to control information flow, processes, and workcenter setup adding efficiency, saving costs, and eliminating manual errors. Asset Performance Management (APM) Asset Performance Management (APM) combines process, operational, and machine-level data through highly visual dashboards to proactively monitor machine and plant health to ensure optimal uptime, throughput, and maintenance needs. Finite Scheduler Finite Scheduler is an advanced production scheduling tool that helps manufacturers optimize resources, reduce bottlenecks, and improve on-time delivery. It enables dynamic, constraint-based scheduling to align operations with real-world capacity and demand Platform Smart Manufacturing Platform Overview Discover how our integrated platform connects, automates, tracks, and analyzes your operations. Cloud Infrastructure & Security Enterprise-grade cloud infrastructure with industry-leading security and compliance. Reporting & Analytics Integrated data visualization and analytics platform enabling descriptive, diagnostic and predictive business insights with Plex. Availability & Performance Industry-leading uptime and performance with 99.5% availability guarantee. Manufacturing Automation Seamless integration with Rockwell Automation and other manufacturing systems. Mobile Application Access critical manufacturing data and controls from anywhere with our mobile apps. Industries Aerospace Auto and Tire Food & Beverage Industrial Manufacturing Plastics & Rubber Precision Metalforming Plex MES for Automotive INTERACTIVE DEMO Plex MES for Automotive Gain Real-Time Visibility and Control of Your Operations Try Now Resources All Resources Success Stories Analyst Reports Knowledge Articles Demos Blog 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for Manufacturing Execution Systems Analyst Report 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for Manufacturing Execution Systems Read More TALK TO US SEE A DEMO Close Close User User Log In Plex Manufacturing Cloud Plex Classic TALK TO US SEE A DEMO Menu Menu Close Close Make Your Operations Smarter Meet the Plex Smart Manufacturing Platform, the only truly elastic MES that is designed to connect your people, systems, machines and supply chains seamlessly. Get Started Unlock autonomous operations with a modern MES Unlock autonomous operations with a modern MES 10th Annual State of Smart Manufacturing Report 10th Annual State of Smart Manufacturing Report Rockwell Automation Named a Leader in the 2024-2025 IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Manufacturing Execution Systems Rockwell Automation Named a Leader in the 2024-2025 IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Manufacturing Execution Systems Discover Your Interactive Demo of Plex Discover Your Interactive Demo of Plex Jump into an on-demand demo to click through real screens and see the Plex Smart Manufacturing Platform solutions in action. Connect Stop working in silos. Connect people, systems, machines, and supply chains. Automate Remove error-prone manual processes. Automate business processes to drive efficiency. Track Get a clear picture of your company. Track data from the plant floor to the top floor. Analyze Make better decisions. Analyze the information that matters most. Explore the Benefits Rely on the Plex Smart Manufacturing Platform to connect, automate, track, and analyze your operations. Explore the Platform Your New Favorite Tools Heard enough talk? Looking for the real action? See exactly how Plex helps manufacturers revolutionize their operations. Watch A Demo Ready to Chat? Heard enough talk? Looking for the real action? See exactly how Plex helps manufacturers revolutionize their operations. Start Here Working for your business and your respect Heard enough talk? Looking for the real action? See exactly how Plex helps manufacturers revolutionize their operations . 8B+ Transactions a day A Security rating 96% Gross renewal rate Plex Named to Constellation Cloud ERP ShortList™ for 6th Consecutive Year! See Criteria Plex QMS offers the full range of QMS functionality, which can be broken down into different tiers depending on a company’s specific needs, including Core QMS, Advanced QMS, Supplier QMS, and Total QMS. See Report It’s no coincidence that top manufacturers seeing the biggest benefits in the industry are more likely to rely on data-driven operations. The importance of data cannot be overlooked. See Report Forrester Consulting’s Total Economic Impact Study reveals how companies can benefit from the Plex Smart Manufacturing Platform (and achieve massive ROI)! See Report Products Products Manufacturing Execution System (MES) Quality Management System (QMS) Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Supply Chain Planning (SCP) Connected Worker Production Monitoring MES Automation & Orchestration Asset Performance Management (APM) Finite Scheduler Platform Platform Smart Manufacturing Platform Cloud Infrastructure & Security Mobile Application Availability & Performance Manufacturing Automation Resources Resources All Resources Case Studies Analyst Reports Knowledge Articles Demos Blog Industries Industries All Industries Aerospace Auto and Tire Food & Beverage/CPG Industrial Manufacturing Plastics & Rubber Precision Metalforming & Fabrication Services & Support Services & Support Customer Success & Advocacy Support Services Educational Services Professional Services Plex Community Get Started Get Started Request a Demo Download Resources Read Success Stories Webinars Contact Support Company Company About Us Why Plex Recognition Newsroom Events Careers Contact Us Knowledge Articles Knowledge Articles Types of Quality Management Systems The MES Beginner Guide A Guide to Production Part Approval Process What is Industry 4.0? A Guide to Advanced Product Quality Planning Supply Chain Planning: A Guide to Strategic Planning and Operations MES and the Future of Robotics Automation Cloud Based MES Basics Food Manufacturing Software: Why MES Is Critical for Food and Beverage Manufacturers Guide to Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) Cloud-Based MES Solutions A Guide to Monitoring Machine Performance What is Connected Manufacturing and Why Should You Care About It? Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Preferences Accessibility Settings Trust Center © YYYY Plex, by Rockwell Automation. All rights reserved. © YYYY Rockwell Automation, Inc. ✕