SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Advertisement
plos.org
Create account
Sign in
Publish
About
Browse
advanced search

11/12/2025

CLIMATE CHANGE PSYCHOLOGY

Foundations of climate change denial: Anti-environmentalism and anti-science

Jacques and Dunlap's close reading of climate denial narratives finds a persistent underlying anti-environmentalism and rejection of "impact science" in addition to trends identified in previous research: the denial of climate trends/harms and of the role of humans in it. These reflect a deep "anti-reflexivity", opposing mitigation strategies. 

Image credit: Thermometer by Gerd Altmann, Pixabay

11/20/2025

HIV

Global HIV Prevention, Treatment, and Care Interventions and Strategies for Key Populations: Protocol for a Scoping Review

Kumah and colleagues plan to systematically investigate the range of HIV prevention and treatments with the view to evaluate how HIV outcome disparities limit the effectiveness of global HIV responses. The study may inform future policy and practice, supporting more targeted, inclusive, and sustainable HIV responses.

Image credit: HIV by National Cancer Institute, Unsplash

11/24/2025

MAMMAL CONSERVATION

Reconstructing the degree of mammal defaunation throughout the Caatinga - the largest dry tropical forest region of South America

Canassa and colleagues reveal the loss of up to 80% of mid-to-large mammal species across the Caatinga scrubland in Brazil since pre-colonial times (ca. 1500 AD), largely driven by the conversion to agricultural land. This caused a 77% decrease in average mammal biomass and a severe loss of ecosystem functionality. 

Image credit: Tapir by Andrea Bohl , Pixabay

11/13/2025

INEQUALITY IN ACADEMIA

Gender gap in citations, h-index, and representation: Examining the highly cited authors across continents and disciplines in Google Scholar

Goyanes and colleagues analyze gender inequality across disciplines and continents using highly cited author data, showing that women’s long-term academic recognition may be hindered by structural barriers, even when citation rates match or exceed men’s after accounting for productivity.

Image credit: International Women's Day by PicElysium, Pixabay

11/25/2025

EVERYONE

Impressions of a broad CANVAS

The CANVAS conference gathered nearly 4,000 researchers to explore the future of crop, agronomic, environmental, and soil sciences, spotlighting advances in AI, genetics, sustainability, and open science, plus inspiring plenaries, student innovations, and broad interdisciplinary collaboration.

Image credit: Patrick Goymer by Patrick Goymer CC BY 4.0

11/13/2025

THE OFFICIAL PLOS BLOG

PLOS partners with the Global Young Academy to advance open science principles

PLOS and the Global Young Academy have partnered to promote Open Science worldwide. Together they aim to raise awareness, support early-career researchers, and develop equitable, effective practices that strengthen global participation in Open Access and Open Science.

Image credit: PLOS by PLOS, CC BY 4.0

11/05/2025

THE OFFICIAL PLOS BLOG

PLOS launches two journals to address critical real-world challenges

PLOS has launched two new journals: PLOS Aging and Health and PLOS Ecosystems; offering dynamic venues for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research on healthy aging and the conservation, restoration, and sustainability of ecosystems worldwide.

Image credit: PLOS by PLOS CC BY 4.0

11/25/2025

COMPANION ANIMAL BEHAVIOUR

Guard dog behavior towards various animal species and humans on German farms

Krueger and colleagues study guard dog behavior.

Image credit: Shepherd dog by Anja,Pixabay

10/27/2025

AI DETECTION

Stylometry can reveal AI authority, but humans struggle

Zaitsu and colleagues study Stylometry for the detection of AI-generated text.

Image credit: Artificial Intelligence by Gerd Altmann, Pixabay

11/17/2025

RESEARCH ASSESSMENT

Academic mobility and publishing performance

Macháček and Melecký link Czech academic mobility to lower output and more local publishing.

Image credit: Books by Hello Cdd20, Pixabay

11/20/2025

AGING

Perceived Severity of Slips vs. Trips Across Ages groups

Finley and colleagues find all adults perceive slips as more severe than trips.

Image credit: Banana peel slip by Alexa, Pixabay

Collections
Collections

Browse the lastest collections of papers from across PLOS.

Collections

Browse the lastest collections of papers from across PLOS.

 1   of   2
Meet our staff at conferences
Conferences 2025

New opportunities to meet our editorial staff will be announced soon.

Conferences 2025

New opportunities to meet our editorial staff will be announced soon.

 1   of   2
PUBLISH WITH PLOS
SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS
SUBMIT YOUR MANUSCRIPT
EveryONE
Posted December 16
Editors’ picks: A highlight of 2025 publications
JENNY TUCKER
Posted December 1
World AIDS Day 2025 – “Overcoming disruption, transforming…
JOHANNA PRULLER
Posted November 25
Impressions of a broad CANVAS
JENNY TUCKER
Posted November 17
Editorial Spotlight: Srebrenka Letina
PLOS
SEE ALL BLOGS
CONNECT WITH US
Contact Us
RSS
PLOS One on Bluesky
PLOS on Facebook
PLOS Blogs
Get new content from PLOS One in your inbox
PLOS will use your email address to provide content from PLOS One. You can find out more about how PLOS processes your data by reading our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us at privacy@plos.org.
PLOS One | ISSN: 1932-6203 (online)
Publications
PLOS Aging and Health
PLOS Biology
PLOS Climate
PLOS Complex Systems
PLOS Computational Biology
PLOS Digital Health
PLOS Ecosystems
PLOS Genetics
 
PLOS Global Public Health
PLOS Medicine
PLOS Mental Health
PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases
PLOS One
PLOS Pathogens
PLOS Sustainability and Transformation
PLOS Water
Home
Blogs
Collections
Give feedback
LOCKSS
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Advertise
Media Inquiries
Contact

 PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in California, US

Cookie Preference Center

Our website uses different types of cookies. Optional cookies will only be set with your consent and you may withdraw this consent at any time. Below you can learn more about the types of cookies PLOS uses and register your cookie preferences.

Accept All Cookies
Customize Your Cookie Preference
+
Strictly Necessary
Always On
+
Functional
Off
+
Performance and Analytics
Off
+
Marketing
Off
Save Selected Preferences and Close
For more information about the cookies and other technologies used by us, please read our Cookie Policy.