Make Your App Dynamic | Plotline Products By Product Widgets M x N grids, stories, swipe strips, and more Nudges Animations, floaters, in-app videos, and more Gamification Scratch cards, spin the wheel, streaks, quizzes and more Experimentation Feature flags and multi-variate testing Gamification Scratch cards, spin the wheel and quizzes By Features UI modules Browse our library of UI elements Segmentation Real-time filtering and targeting A/B/n testing Deliver what works best Journeys Automate messaging sequences Guide to in-app engagement Learn how the best B2C apps drive growth with in-app engagement Read the guide Solutions By Use Case Activation Build native onboarding flows to drive activation Adoption Improve feature usage with in-app messages Conversions Convert users in every micro-journey Feedback Get feedback with in-app surveys By Industry Financial Services Drive adoption of loans, cards and insurance in your app Media & Entertainment Encourage users to watch new content, play games and more Retail & eCommerce Improve AOV, checkout conversions and new category adoption Travel & Hospitality Boost conversions, premium subscribers and more Guide to in-app engagement Learn how the best B2C apps drive growth with in-app engagement Read the guide Customers Pricing Resources Resources Blog Learn best practices to improve feature adoption, retention, activation and more Live events & webinars Join us as we host product & marketing minds around the world to discuss in-app growth Inspiration gallery Learn how fast-growing B2C apps use in-app experiences to drive growth Newsletter Bi-weekly growth stories delivered straight to your inbox FAQs Find answers to common questions about Plotline's features, implementation, and more New releases Get ideas for this IPL season Real-time app campaigns to boost engagement & revenue during IPL 2025. Read the guide Read our guide to app adoption Drive onboarding, adoption and more for your app. Read the guide Plotline in the news! Powering the next gen of super apps We've raised $2.6M funding from Elevation Capital! Get the full scoop Read the guide Log in Log in Book a demo We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. For more details, refer to our cookie policy and privacy policy . Okay Tailored app experiences in minutes Launch growth loops that feel native, land perfectly, and move users. No code required. Talk to a human Take a tour Rated 4.7 on G2.com Read case studies Plotline helps us effortlessly create in-app experiences. We have seen strong conversions on our campaigns. Carter Hansen Head of Marketing Introduce a variety of UX patterns Videos, tooltips, spotlights, stories and more to personalize user journeys PiP Videos Floaters Spotlights Tooltips Stories Scratch Cards Picture-in-Picture Videos Baazi Games improves tournament participation with engaging videos The team promotes their latest poker tournaments with immersive and non-intrusive PiP videos - can be moved, expanded or dismissed according to user preferences. These help boost awareness and conversions. Floaters Zupee drives 100% uplift in KYC completions and activation For users who have not done KYC, Zupee triggers a contextual floating button that reminds them to finish the process. Clicking on the floater redirects to the KYC page, drastically improving completion rates. Spotlights Jar uses Spotlights to launch their new feature "GoldX" Jar recently launched GoldX, which facilitates their users to lease gold to retail jewellers, who can then use it as part of their working capital. tooltips Google Pay uses tooltips to activate new users By using tooltips on the Scan and Search feature, they drastically reduce time-to-value and increase activation rates. IN APP STORIES Stable Money uses stories to introduce their value prop Stable Money needs to build quick trust with its users to ensure successful conversions to deposits. It does so by introducing its value prop with Stories - simple and easy to consume. Scratch Cards Zepto  rewards users through scratch cards to boost partner offer visbility To encourage repeat purchases and increase customer retention, Zepto implemented a post-purchase gift rewards campaign. After completing a purchase, users were offered a surprise partner offer. In-App Nudges Improve activation, adoption & retention with in-app nudges Communicate with users with multiple UI elements (tooltips, bottom sheets, pinned banners) in your app Improve onboarding with guided tours and tutorials Drive new feature adoption with announcements Increase LTV with contextual messaging In-Line Widgets Run experiments with in-line widgets Insert native content in any section of your app to test new messaging, design, journeys through grid and carousel widgets Set up native widgets that fit in-line with your app Showcase value props or offers with Stories Give personalized experiences with recommendations Gamification Drive deeper engagement with gamification & rewards Engage your users with gamification elements (scratch cards, streaks, milestones) to improve repeat conversions Reward your users with scratch cards Add randomness with spin-the-wheel Collect data and boost fun with quizzes In-app Videos Educate & Engage with immersive videos Capture your users' attention with rich media videos (in-app stories, full-page videos, picture-in-picture) to deliver educational content and boost engagement Launch new features and deals with picture-in-picture videos Educate and activate users through in-app stories Drive conversions with full-page video offers How It Works Design → Target → Launch Customize designs to match your app Design in-app experiences that seamlessly blend with your app - change fonts, backgrounds, colours and more Target users with real-time segmentation Target on events and attributes, or import cohorts from your favourite tools like Amplitude, Mixpanel, etc Launch experiments and measure impact Continuously improve campaign performance by A/B testing Book a demo Take a tour Loved by customers, Trusted by enterprises Trusted for industry recognition, enterprise security, and billions of interactions. 700M+ Impressions served every month <100ms P99 latency 1.5B+ Daily API calls 40K+ Experiences created 99.98% Platform uptime 24/7 Global support coverage Hear from the folks who use Plotline daily Leaders at top consumer apps have stopped waiting on dev cycles to launch app experiences . You can too. PokerBaazi reduces GTM dev effort by 25% using Plotline Read Case Study Play Video Upstox boosts "Plus Plan" activation by sixfold week-on-week with Plotline Read Case Study Play Video EatSure 3x'ed buy-one-get-one conversions with Plotline Read Case Study Play Video Niyo boosts engagement rates by 5X with Plotline Read Case Study Play Video BharatPe 3Xes the number of experiments run with Plotline Read Case Study Play Video Chalo uses Plotline to boost pass renewals by 80% Read Case Study Play Video Zupee improves user activation by 3X with Plotline Read Case Study Play Video Use Cases Communicate with your users in any lifecycle stage Built to solve use cases across the funnel Onboarding & activation Guide new users to their aha moment with tooltips, spotlight, videos Cross sell & upsell Communicate feature benefits to the right users, at the right time to boost usage Conversion & monetization Convert on-the-fence users with timely nudges and relevant suggestions Gamification & retention Build habit-loops, reward user actions with quizzes, scratch cards and more Ready to get started? Join companies like Zepto, Step Banking, Dream 11 and others that use Plotline to boost conversions Book a demo ✕ Cookies We use cookies to improve user experience. Choose what cookies you allow us to use. You can read more about our Cookie Policy in our privacy policy Accept all Reject all Get in touch Email: support@plotline.com Products Widgets Nudges Gamification Experimentation Solutions Financial services Media & entertainment Retail & e-commerce Use Cases Activation Adoption Conversion Feedback Features Styling and UI Segmentation A/B testing Journeys Resources Blogs Inspiration gallery App adoption guide Integrations Pricing Events DPA Customers Airtel Xstream Play CoinDCX Chalo EatSure Upstox Customer stories © 2023 Plotline Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy