Multi-Award Winner 2025 with Ultrafast Full Fibre Deals | Plusnet Skip to main content Menu Close Broadband Broadband Broadband deals Full Fibre Fibre Discover broadband Online security Upgrade broadband Switching to us Perks Perks See our rewards Refer a friend Help Help Help and support Community Contact us Sign in More Help Help and support Community Contact us Sign in Call us on
                        0330 1239 123 • • • Call us on
            0330 1239 123 Your basket You were so close to getting our broadband, so why not finish things off? Here's a look at what was already in your basket: Continue order Continue order Summary Monthly payment From From One-off payments Reward card included It's all yours to spend! Amazon gift card to say thanks for signing up Cashback to say thanks for signing up Today's payment Continue order Monthly payment months contract no annual contract Change package Change call plan Monthly payment total £xx One-off payment One-off payment total £xx Included with your package Summary Monthly payment From From One-off payments Reward card included It's all yours to spend! Amazon gift card to say thanks for signing up Cashback to say thanks for signing up Today's payment Continue order Today's payment Continue order Just so you know... Changing your call plan now could mean you lose some of the call extras you added earlier, as some of our call plans include them as standard. It's worth double checking to make sure you get what you want. OK £25 Reward Card Full Fibre deals from only £22.99 a month £26.99 from 31 March 2026 then £30.99 from 31 March 2027 Get the holiday season wrapped up with great value Full Fibre deals and a £25 Reward Card on selected plans. That’s a plus. Enter your details to see the deals you can get. Postcode That postcode doesn't look right. Try entering it again. Please enter your postcode. Landline (if known) That number doesn’t look right. Try entering it again. Continue Select your address Please select an address Find my deals You’re so close to getting award-winning broadband We’ve saved your details, so all you need to do is shop for a great deal. Your address: ${your Address Goes Here} Change details Shop broadband You’re so close to getting a great deal We've saved your order for you so you don't miss out. Your address: ${your Address Goes Here} Change details Continue your order Complete your order You’re so close to getting a great deal We've saved your order for you so you don't miss out. Your address: ${your Address Goes Here} Change details Continue your order Complete your order Plusnet Reward Card terms and conditions apply Just what you need Existing customer? See your broadband deals Pocket more cash with a Plusnet Reward Card Plusnet Reward Cards are preloaded with money which you can spend online and in most high street stores displaying the Mastercard ® logo. Claim your Plusnet Reward Card Choose a deal with a Reward Card and a couple of weeks after we've activated your service, we'll send an email with details of how to claim your card. Yours to spend Splash out on groceries, home accessories, dining out and much more. Get treats galore for you, your family and friends. Plusnet Reward Card terms and conditions apply Deals with a Reward Card Award-winning broadband and customer service Which? Recommended Broadband Provider 2025 Proud to be recognised by the UK's consumer champion. Now that's a big plus. Uswitch Awards 2025 We won three Public Choice awards! National Broadband Provider of the Year , Best Value for Money and Best Customer Service . Which? Recommended Broadband Provider 2025 Proud to be recognised by the UK's consumer champion. Now that's a big plus. Broadband Genie Awards 2025 Best Provider , Most Reliable Provider and Most User Friendly . Voted for by our customers so our wish has been granted. Take a peek at what else we’ve won. See all our broadband awards Straightforward broadband at straightforward prices Whether it’s just you online or the whole family, our simple great value packages give you what you need including unlimited data usage. Our fastest ever speeds up to 900Mb with rock-solid reliability Full Fibre Up to 25x faster Full Fibre is the latest and best connection you can get. With a flexible range of ultrafast speeds up to 900Mb, it’s made to suit any home and can power multiple devices. Discover Full Fibre Streaming, gaming, and home working with average speeds of up to 66Mb Fibre Our Fibre broadband is simple. We’ll give you our fastest connection your home can get at one straightforward price. Making the choice easy for you. Discover Fibre See what speeds and deals you can get. Pop your details into our broadband postcode checker Our Full Fibre promise Full Fibre is rolling out across the UK. If you can’t get it just yet, no need to worry. Sign up to our Fibre package and you’ll get the fastest speed we can offer you at your address. It gets even better. Once you’re with us, you can upgrade as soon as Full Fibre hits your street. That’s our promise and that’s a plus. Find my deals Switching is easy 1 Find your best deal Select your package and complete your order 2 Create your account Sign up to receive exclusive perks and upgrades 3 Sit back and relax We'll get your switch started and let you know if we need anything else 1 Choose your broadband Pick from our great range of packages and features. 2 Create your account Sign up to receive exclusive perks and upgrades. 3 Sit back and relax We'll get your switch started and let you know if we need anything else. Cash-saving Plusnet Perks When you join us you’ll get lots of amazing rewards, freebies, and discounts from loads of great brands. Broadband with big benefits. That’s a plus. Take a peek at our perks Here’s why you’ll love being with us Protecting your family and devices for free With Plusnet SafeGuard you control the content your kids see. Plusnet Protect powered by NortonTM  secures your devices from online threats. See security extras Broadband that doesn’t cost the earth Our network’s been using 100% renewable energy since 2021. Good news for you and the planet. UK-based customer service Our award-winning support team go the extra mile 7 days a week to look after you. Get in touch Here’s the legal bit You can see our full residential terms and conditions here . On 31 March each year the monthly plan price will increase by £4 for Broadband and out of bundle charges will increase 5%. This is applicable for all new Broadband contracts including customers re-contracting or upgrading onto a new contract. See About annual price changes for details. Please note the cost of other services you take from us may increase or decrease while you are a Plusnet customer. Broadband without a landline Your home phone will be disconnected and will no longer work. You will lose your home phone number and will not be able to get it back. You'll have to get a brand new number if you decide you need a home phone in the future. You won't be able to make or receive calls, including to emergency services. Healthcare alarms, medical pendants, security systems and any other services which are connected to your home phone will no longer work. Broadband Packages 1. Broadband Packages Broadband packages are subject to 24 month contract and availability. Payment by direct debit. Your pre contract information and contract summary sets out your speed estimates, total monthly costs, total upfront costs and the amount you will pay once your minimum term ends. This is available at checkout. Please see our price guide for all broadband charges . 1.1 Fibre and Full Fibre packages Subject to availability, geographic location, computer specifications and a line check. The exchange list and dates are subject to change. Prices and terms subject to change during the contract term. Openreach may have to carry out a survey before they can connect your home to Full Fibre. If they do, they may need access to your property, but we’ll contact you first to arrange a suitable time. If additional work is required, this may take longer than the initial set up time provided and there could be additional costs, we’ll contact you to confirm what additional work is needed and how long this will take, usually within four weeks from the date you placed your order. If you do not want to proceed with your upgrade based on this, you’ll be able to cancel your order without being charged. Existing Customers 2. Existing Customers Please see our price guide for all broadband and home phone charges , log into your account in the Member Centre or call us on 0330 1239 123 to discuss your contract. Please note Plusnet no longer provides email, domain or webspace accounts from 15th April 2025. If you are only adding or changing a calling plan please note your terms and conditions will not change as a result but the cost of the calling plan you take from us may increase or decrease while you are a Plusnet customer. Speeds 3. Speeds Please see our guide to Broadband speeds for more information about what speeds mean and what package is best for you. EE Sim Plan 4. EE Sim Plan 4.1 SIM Plans 30 day minimum term. Subject to terms and credit check. Monthly charges assume online billing. You will not get 5G speeds using a 4G phone. Allowances for use in UK (excluding Jersey, Guernsey  & Isle of Man) and Republic of Ireland. A daily charge applies to use allowances in the EU/EEA unless you have an add-on or Inclusive Extra that includes EU Roaming. See roaming costs page for countries and details. 50GB data fair use policy applies outside the UK. See ee.co.uk/terms for countries and details. Deposit needed for roaming in limited circumstances. Use your allowance to call/text UK mobiles, and landlines starting 01, 02 and 03 when in UK & Republic of Ireland. Some numbers aren’t included: calls to 070 numbers cost up to 5p/min and calls to 084, 087, 09 & 118 cost 83p/min plus the applicable service charge. See ee.co.uk/prices for the EE Price Guide for a detailed list of service charges and other charges outside of your allowance. Personal use only. 4.2 Essentials SIM Includes speeds capped at 100Mbps, Data Gifting and Stay Connected Data 4.3 Stay Connected Data If you have a capped data allowance (i.e. not an unlimited data plan) once you have used up your monthly data allowance your speed will be capped at 0.5Mbps. You will regain access to our fastest speeds upon (1) renewal of your monthly plan allowance, (2) by buying one of our data add-ons, or (3) If you are gifted data by someone else in your family account. Once the data add-on or gifted data runs out, you will return to the capped speed until your monthly plan allowance has renewed. Not available with No Frills plans. 4.4 Data Gifting Account holder only can gift between pay monthly plans on the same account in increments of 500MB. Unlimited data plans can gift up to 100GB. Data usage on an unlimited data plan will be deducted from giftable allowance. No gifting to/from Smart Watches, 4G Home, 5G Home or 30-day 4G WiFi or 5G WiFi plans. Data not used in a month does not roll over, allowances are set back to zero at the start of each month. If you are outside your price plans standard countries when your monthly allowances refresh on your bill date the main account holder will not be able to gift data until you return to the UK/EU. Data can only be used in accordance with the plan terms applicable to the receiving line. Broadband Extras 5. Broadband Extras Plusnet Safeguard Included with all of our broadband packages, Plusnet Safeguard filters inappropriate web content for your household. Further information can be found here . Plusnet Protect powered by Norton™ Our security package protects you from online threats. Charges apply for Unlimited Fibre broadband customers. Further information can be found here . Software Support for Plusnet's Broadband Devices For further information on Product Security and Telecommunications Infrastructure (PSTI), software support and how to report software vulnerabilities please refer to Software Support and Reporting Security Issues . Plusnet Reward Card Available with relevant promotions and products, as displayed on the product card or in basket. Once our broadband has activated you will be sent information on how to claim your Plusnet Reward Card, this will be sent via email within two weeks of your service activating. You must submit your claim within two months of the email being issued. The card must be activated within three months of it being issued. This card is issued by GVS Prepaid Limited, an Electronic Money Institution authorised in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority with Firm Reference number 900230; pursuant to licence from Mastercard International. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. See Plusnet Reward Card terms . £25 Plusnet Reward Card with Fibre £25 Plusnet Reward Card offer ends 7 January 2026, and is available to new Plusnet customers ordering Fibre on a 24 month contract online at www.plus.net or by calling Plusnet. Subject to availability. £25 Plusnet Reward Card with Full Fibre 300 £25 Plusnet Reward Card offer ends 7 January 2026, and is available to new Plusnet customers ordering Full Fibre 300 on a 24 month contract online at www.plus.net or by calling Plusnet. Subject to availability. Uswitch Awards 2025 Thanks again for voting for us. You can find out more information about all the awards we won and how the winners are decided at Uswitch Telecoms Awards 2025 Our award-winning, UK based customer support is available 7 days a week 0330 1239 123 8am - 8pm Monday to Sunday 0330 1239 123 8am - 8pm Monday to Sunday About Us Discover Broadband Careers Legal Cookie Policy Privacy Accessibility Code of practice Help and Support Report a problem Test your speed Help logging in Complaints Code of Practice Modern Slavery Statement Gender Pay Gap Report 2025 © Plusnet plc • All Rights Reserved Return to top × Pop your postcode in Enter your details to continue shopping for our cash-saving deals. Postcode That postcode doesn't look right. Try entering it again. Please enter your postcode. Landline if known Enter a UK landline number starting with 01 or 02 and don't leave any spaces. Include the area code and your number without any spaces. Continue Select your address Please select an address Continue