Online CFD Trading | Trading the Markets | Plus500 Plus500 does not provide CFD services to residents of Korea South . Markets CFDs Crypto Indices Forex Commodities Shares Options ETFs All Markets Trading Fees & Charges ESG Company About Us Plus500 Reviews Affiliates Investor Relations Cookies and Privacy Sponsorships Chicago Bulls Legia Warsaw BSC Young Boys Learn Trading Academy Glossary News & Market Insights Demo Trading +Insights Economic Calendar Risk Management Alerts Support Login Search Searching No results found Try adjusting your search or use different words Trade Start trading Markets move fast. So can you. Trade global markets with our award-winning trading platform 1 . Start trading Try free demo 32 Million+ Registered customers since inception 4.2 Trustpilot rating Listed since 2013 Official partner Discover bonuses and promotions! {{texts.title}} {{texts.exploreMarketsText}} Why 32 million people trust us 3 15+ Licenses Globally Licensed & Regulated Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission Estonian Financial Supervision Authority Commodity Futures Trading Commission Australian Securities & Investments Commission Financial Markets Authority Financial Sector Conduct Authority Securities and Commodities Authority Dubai Financial Services Authority Japan Financial Services Agency Monetary Authority of Singapore Seychelles Financial Services Authority Securities Commission of The Bahamas Commodity Futures Trading Regulatory Agency Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization 65 Countries Top Industry Awards FXEmpire 2025 Best Mobile Trading App ForexBrokers 2025 Best In Class Trust Score SingSaver 2025 Best CFD Provider in Singapore ForexBrokers 2025 Best in Class Ease of Use ForexBrokers 2024 Best in Class Trust Score ADVFN 2023 Best Provider Global Trading Join Plus500 Our traders say it best 4.2 | Great 17663 reviews It is a helpful tool for investing in… It is a helpful tool for investing in various assets. KOZSOKAR ATTILA ,  
                            2 hours ago honest trait forward honest trait forward Anonymfreddie ivyous User ,  
                            7 hours ago Easy trading and fast payout Easy trading and fast payout Anonymous User ,  
                            16 hours ago truthful truthful, transparence, customer oriented. Anonymous User ,  
                            16 hours ago great experience on this broker great experience on this broker FX TRADER ,  
                            19 hours ago Good, easy, transparent Easy and simple. The reason for not getting 5 is that some product types are really competitive while others are so pricey it doesn’t make sense to use Nicolai Kjaersgaard ,  
                            23 hours ago DEMO TRADING If it wasn't for the emails and emails and emails. I would of forgot about Futures500plus being the top platform for Demo trading. The interface is easy to use, customer support is great and the deposits seem easy enough.CB25 Chad Brown ,  
                            29 December They allowed me to learn to Trade with… They allowed me to learn to Trade with a Demo account and their platform is simple and effective. Anonymous User ,  
                            29 December All good here All good here, no problems. Anonymous User ,  
                            29 December I am able to learn and gain valuable… I am able to learn and gain valuable trading experience through the demo acount. Anonymous User ,  
                            29 December Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews in your language Powerful trading. Seamless app. Powerful trading. Seamless app. Unlimited demo. Sharpen your skills with live quotes and adjustable balance. Powerful trading. Seamless app. Trade both sides of the market. Seize opportunities whether the price goes up or down. Powerful trading. Seamless app. Limit your exposure. Set Take Profit and Stop Loss to help protect gains and limit losses. Powerful trading. Seamless app. Analyse like an expert. Access a suite of advanced charting tools to power your technical analysis. Powerful trading. Seamless app. Explore +Insights. Reveal trends based on millions of Plus500 trades in real-time. Practise risk-free Buy or Sell Manage your risk Get technical Discover trends Take control of your funds Straightforward and competitive charges 0% opening / closing trades fees 0% deposit and withdrawal fees Learn more Fast withdrawals processing Multiple global payment methods * Plus500 offers multiple global payment methods. Open account Beginner trader? Get started in 3 steps Register your details, verify, and fund your account. Risk-free demo trading Practise with unlimited virtual funds and live market data. Trading Academy Learn the basics of trading or deepen your knowledge with Plus500. Try free demo Experienced trader? Indicators & Alerts With over 100 technical indicators and flexible alerts you’ll never miss a market opportunity. Premium Service Enjoy exclusive services like periodic technical analysis, a dedicated Client Manager, Premium Customer Support, and more. Unlimited Demo Trading Develop your trading skills and test new strategies with free live qoutes and adjustable balance. Start trading We're here for you Professional customer service by human agents, whenever you need it. Anna, Hi, can you help me? Jacob, Plus500 Sure! How can I assist you today? +10 Chat Visit our FAQs We sponsor Chicago Bulls BSC Young Boys Legia Warsaw This website is operated by Plus500SG Pte Ltd. 1 For 2024-2025, Plus500 received nominations from FXEmpire , ADVFN , SingSaver and ForexBrokers . Illustrative figures shown on platform screens. 2 Market price and trader sentiment reflect current market state. Mini chart represents the last 30 days of market data. Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Telegram CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in the loss of your entire capital. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for some investors. Please ensure you fully understand the risks involved. Beware of impersonations scam. Read more . Price info is delayed. Get real-time prices on the platform by opening an account. Plus500 is mainly compensated for its services through the Bid/Ask spread. Check our Fees & Charges . Plus500 is a trademark of Plus500 Ltd. The S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P/TSX 60 and S&P/ASX 200 Indices are products of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (“SPDJI”) or its licensors. S&P 500®, USA 500, USA 30 are trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”). TSX is a trademark of the TSX, Inc. ASX® is a trademark of the Australian Securities Exchange. Plus500 products are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, TSX, ASX or their affiliates and none makes any representation about investing in such product(s) or has any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the indices. Web-Platform Secured by SSL. Copyright © Plus500. All rights reserved. Start trading Try free demo