We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “Preferences.”
Preferences
Accept
Podcasting 
Advertisers
Enterprise
Pricing
Resources 
Discover 
Log in
Sign up free
Your Podcast Hosting
and Monetizing Platform

Podbean is an easy and powerful way to create, promote and monetize your podcast. Everything you need for a successful podcast.

Get Started For Free
From podcast newbie to professional podcaster

For over 10 years, more than 600,000 podcasters have launched their podcasts and achieved their goals on Podbean.

Create and publish your podcast like a pro

Make compelling podcasts right from your phone with the podcast recording app or capture any moment with professional-quality Podbean live streaming. Publish your audio and video in one ultra-simple, secure platform to grow your audience quickly and easily.

Create your podcast
Grow your podcast, be heard everywhere

Expand your audience by boosting awareness on connected social accounts and distribute your podcast to the most popular listening apps like Spotify and Apple Podcasts with just a few clicks.

Learn how to promote your podcast
Previous
Next
Turn your passion into a new income stream

Podbean offers a variety of monetization tools, including Ads Marketplace, dynamic ad insertion technology, and Apple Podcasts Subscriptions Integration, to maximize your revenue potential. Join Ads Marketplace, and leverage Apple Podcasts Subscriptions for exclusive content. Get rewarded by fans through live shows and unlock multiple streams of income for your podcast.

Learn more about monetization
Elevate your podcast with Podbean AI

Elevate your podcast to new heights with Podbean AI’s cutting-edge features such as Noise Reduction, Intelligent Leveler, Cut Filler Words and Silence, Filtering & AutoEQ, Automated Title and Show Notes, AI Enhanced Transcripts, and Precisely Crafted Chapter Markers. Streamline your post-production tasks, reducing the time and effort required.

Learn more about Podbean AI
Unlock a beautiful, professional,
and customizable podcast website

Every Podbean podcast hosting account comes with a free podcast website. The beautifully designed, mobile responsive templates are built for podcasts. Featuring cutting-edge design and robust features so you can easily customize the perfect website to show off your podcast.

Comprehensive podcast analytics

Podbean provides IAB-certified podcast analytics and intuitive charts to help you grow your podcast. Measure your success, get insights into your audience, and continue improving with industry-leading podcast statistics, included with all Podbean hosting plans.

Start your own podcast now
Podbean App simplifying your podcasting

Streamlining your podcasting journey from concept to broadcast. Making it easier than ever to share your voice with the world.

Record from Anywhere

Effortlessly design high-quality podcasts with our intuitive recorder, perfect for all skill levels and seamless guest collaboration.

Edit Like Magic

Transform your audio experience with powerful editing tools that allow you to effortlessly cut, split, merge, and export for a polished, professional finish.

Previous
Next
Make It Uniquely Yours

Enhance your episodes with a curated collection of music, intros, and outros, or personalize with your own audio for a distinctive touch.

Publish & Manage with Ease

Easily publish your content with AI optimization, schedule episodes, and effortlessly track listener demographics and engagement metrics.

Download it now.

Unleash your creativity and capture stunning audio
effortlessly from your mobile phone!

Live stream simplified, engage your audience

Expand your podcast with live audio streaming and engage your audience in new and exciting ways! Take listener calls and get real-time comments. Receive virtual gifts from your audience and earn recurring income from your Fan Club membership.

Learn How to Start a Live Stream
Secure, Scalable 

 

Podcast Hosting Solution

The best podcast hosting solutions for large businesses and organizations with all the features you need to manage your podcast network.

Explore Enterprise Podcast Solution

Trusted by hundreds of industry leaders worldwide

We’re helping podcasters of all genres and sizes
147731+

ACTIVE PODCASTS

15619085+

EPISODES

15130794383+

DOWNLOADS AS OF TODAY

Using Podbean has been an easy, stress free and enjoyable experience. Podbean does a great job of informing its users of new opportunities and services, such as crowdfunding and advertising. I'm learning as I go which is exciting and fulfilling. I love the conversations I have with my interviewees.

Leslie Knight

I am very happy having my podcast hosted with Podbean. I get the functionality I want such as uploading, editing and saving before publishing, posting show notes and links, and the reliability of the site. I also appreciate the new level of insights that I get so I can see what's working.

Judy Rodman

Podbean makes it easy to have a successful podcast. They supply all the tools you need. With their unlimited plan I don't have to worry about the length of my podcast or how frequently I upload. Whenever I make content it goes up right away with no worries of overages.

Troy Stegner

It's awesome knowing that our show is supported by one of the best in the game when it comes to not only reliability, but affordability as well. We've been able to seamlessly integrate our show through Podbean across all of the major platforms (Apple, Spotify, etc.).

Dr. Shane Campbell

Podbean has made the process of podcasting simple, efficient, and easy to manage. From uploading my audio files to social sharing, Podbean is intuitive to use. I would certainly recommend it to anyone who is looking to develop their voice and expertise through podcasting.

Beverly Beuermann-King

Podbean has been a great tool for sharing my knowledge with people outside of my local realm of influence. It's been easy to conduct interviews, share content on various social channels, and connect with customers through the platform. And the interface is easy to use on the back end!

Kyle Gillette

Using Podbean has been an easy, stress free and enjoyable experience. Podbean does a great job of informing its users of new opportunities and services, such as crowdfunding and advertising. I'm learning as I go which is exciting and fulfilling. I love the conversations I have with my interviewees.

Leslie Knight

I am very happy having my podcast hosted with Podbean. I get the functionality I want such as uploading, editing and saving before publishing, posting show notes and links, and the reliability of the site. I also appreciate the new level of insights that I get so I can see what's working.

Judy Rodman

Podbean makes it easy to have a successful podcast. They supply all the tools you need. With their unlimited plan I don't have to worry about the length of my podcast or how frequently I upload. Whenever I make content it goes up right away with no worries of overages.

Troy Stegner

It's awesome knowing that our show is supported by one of the best in the game when it comes to not only reliability, but affordability as well. We've been able to seamlessly integrate our show through Podbean across all of the major platforms (Apple, Spotify, etc.).

Dr. Shane Campbell

Podbean has made the process of podcasting simple, efficient, and easy to manage. From uploading my audio files to social sharing, Podbean is intuitive to use. I would certainly recommend it to anyone who is looking to develop their voice and expertise through podcasting.

Beverly Beuermann-King

Podbean has been a great tool for sharing my knowledge with people outside of my local realm of influence. It's been easy to conduct interviews, share content on various social channels, and connect with customers through the platform. And the interface is easy to use on the back end!

Kyle Gillette

Using Podbean has been an easy, stress free and enjoyable experience. Podbean does a great job of informing its users of new opportunities and services, such as crowdfunding and advertising. I'm learning as I go which is exciting and fulfilling. I love the conversations I have with my interviewees.

Leslie Knight

I am very happy having my podcast hosted with Podbean. I get the functionality I want such as uploading, editing and saving before publishing, posting show notes and links, and the reliability of the site. I also appreciate the new level of insights that I get so I can see what's working.

Judy Rodman

1
2
3
4
5
6
Featured Podcasts

German Stories - Learn German with Stories | Deutsch lernen mit Geschichten

Education:Language Learning

Radio Contra

News:News Commentary

Maize & Blue Review Podcast

Sports

Blackhawks Breakaway

Sports:Hockey

Nature Sounds Oasis | Relaxing Nature Sounds For Sleep, Meditation, Relaxation Or Focus | Sounds Of Nature | Sleep Sounds, Sleep Music, Meditation Sounds, Ocean Waves, Rain, White Noise & More

Music

Viva Frei - Recovering Former Litigator! From Law to Politics & Beyond

Education

Cattleman’s Corner

Business

Home Grown with RP Smith

Comedy

Nature’s Fury: Catastrophic Disasters that Shook the World

Science:Nature

The Tudor Chest Podcast

History

Sardonicast

TV & Film

City Manager Unfiltered

Government

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Get the help you need, right when you need it.

Explore a comprehensive range of valuable resources that are designed to support you at every stage of your podcasting journey, helping you achieve your goals from start to success.

Blog

Get the latest podcasting trends, tips, and insights with our regular updates.

Read
Tutorials

Easy guides to help you master our platform, from setup to advanced features.

Learn
Webinars

Expert-led sessions to enhance your podcasting skills, available anytime.

Watch Now
Help Center

Quickly find answers and solutions with our detailed articles and helpful FAQs.

Get Help
Frequently asked questions

Learn about starting a podcast, podcast hosting options and costs, how to promote your podcast, and more.

How to start a podcast.
Is starting a podcast easy?
Can I really start a podcast for free?
How do I get my podcast on Apple Podcasts?
How do I get my podcast on Spotify?
What statistics come with Podbean podcast hosting?
How do I switch to Podbean from another podcast hosting site?
What are some good methods to promote a podcast?
How do I monetize my podcast?
Start a podcast today. It’s FREE.
Start For Free

No credit card required.

PODCAST SERVICES
Podcast Features
Pricing
Enterprise Solution
Private Podcast
The Podcast App
Live Stream
Audio Recorder
Remote Recording
Podbean AI
 
Create a Podcast
Video Podcast
Start Podcasting
Start Radio Talk Show
Education Podcast
Church Podcast
Nonprofit Podcast
Get Sermons Online
Free Audiobooks
MONETIZATION & MORE
Podcast Advertising
Dynamic Ads Insertion
Apple Podcasts Subscriptions
Switch to Podbean
YouTube to Podcast
Blog to Podcast
Submit Your Podcast
Podbean Plugins
Developers
KNOWLEDGE BASE
How to Start a Podcast
How to Start a Live Podcast
How to Monetize a Podcast
How to Promote Your Podcast
Mobile Podcast Recording Guide
How to Use Group Recording
Podcast Advertising 101
SUPPORT
Support Center
What’s New
Free Webinars
Podcast Events
Podbean Academy
Podbean Amplified Podcast
Badges
Resources
PODBEAN
About Us
Podbean Blog
Careers
Press and Media
Green Initiative
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Consent Preferences Copyright © 2015-2025 Podbean.com