Log In
Podcasts
Charts
Monitoring
For Business
For Podcasters
More
Find Podcasts. Access Audiences.
Drive Results.
Podchaser is the world’s best podcast database and search engine – powering discovery for listeners, creators, brands, and agencies.
Search and browse over
5 million podcasts
Explore the world’s largest selection of podcasts by categories, demographics, ratings, reviews, host and guest credits, and more.
Discover episodes on your
favorite topics
Explore a world of topics in every episode. Search hundreds of millions of podcast episodes — keep up with the latest news, follow your interests, or learn all about a new subject.
Meet the people behind your favorite podcasts
Just like movie credits, podcast credits let you browse and keep track of each podcast’s hosts, guests, voice actors, and crew.
Podcast playlists
handpicked by real people
Discover lists of podcasts and episodes curated by the Podchaser community or build your own to share with friends and colleagues.
Boost your next campaign with
podcast sponsors and advertiser tracking
Keep tabs on how brands invest in podcasts using Podchaser's unique tools for ad tracking, spend data, airchecks, and more.
All
Podcasts
Episodes
Credits
Lists
Brands
⌘ K
Open Advanced
NEW
Demographics
Reach
Power Score™
Contacts
Brand Safety
Transcripts
Sponsor History
Host & Guest Credits
Chart Rankings
and more!
Podchaser is the #1 podcast intelligence engine
Discover Opportunities

Access insights from 5M+ podcasts, including demographics, audience reach, and sponsorship trends.

Plan with Precision

Use our proprietary Power Score and contact database to refine your podcast strategy.

Drive Results

From discovery to execution, Podchaser makes it easy to connect, collaborate, and grow.

Podcast Directory

Find the best podcasts

Search and browse

More than 5.5 million podcasts ready to be discovered.

Apple & Spotify Charts

Daily podcast charts by country and category.

Curated lists

Organized and annotated collections of podcasts or episodes.

Start Browsing

Podcast Media Database

Valuable Pro Insights

Reach

Monthly and per episode reach estimates so you can understand audience size.

Demographics

Age, gender, income, interests, job titles, geography so you can reach right listeners.

Contacts

2M+ validated contacts broken out by role so you can reach the right people.

Learn More

Host, Guests, and Crew Credits

See who is on which podcasts

Creator profiles

Verify credentials and contributions to podcasting.

Credits

Enhance discoverability, establish credibility, and streamline collaboration opportunities in the podcasting industry.

Add your own

Showcase your contributions, build your personal brand, and connect with other podcasting professionals.

Browse Credits

Podcast Monitoring

Track the latest mentions

Transcript mention alerts

Get notified when keywords, names, or brands are mentioned in podcast episodes.

Podcast sponsors

See who’s spending, for how long, with spend estimates for 15k sponsors.

Leverage those insights

An organized way to understand who’s saying what on podcasts.

Create an Alert
See what you can do with Podchaser

Discovery & Insights

Find podcasts that match your goals

Explore 5.5 million podcasts with powerful filters to find shows tailored to your audience, industry, or niche.

Campaign Planning

Simplify campaign building and execution

Build targeted lists, streamline sell-in, and export data easily. All the tools you need to execute campaigns efficiently.

Contact Database

Direct access to podcast contacts

Reach hosts, producers, and networks. Our contact database enables seamless outreach for sponsorships and collaborations.

Monitoring

Track mentions, sponsorships, and credits

Stay on top of topics, sponsorships, and guest interviews to understand word-of-mouth and market trends.

The only podcast API you’ll ever need

Tap into the most comprehensive podcast database with a podcast API built specifically to drive discovery for listeners, podcasters, and brands.

Get API Access
Powerful podcast insights and contacts

Pull back the curtain on the most valuable data and information about podcasts. Trusted by hundreds of agencies, brands, and media companies.

Get Pro Access

Or start browsing our extensive podcast database.

Podcasts
Best Podcasts
New Podcasts
Podcast Charts
Best Episodes
Add a Podcast
Claim a Podcast
Podchaser 25
Features
Podcast Credits
Podcast Networks
Podcast Lists
Podcast Monitoring
Podcast Sponsors
Podcast Contacts
Community
Solutions
Podchaser Pro
Podchaser API
Podchaser Alerts
Podcharts
Podrover Reviews
Account
Register
Log In
Find Friends
Company
Our Company
Integrations
Careers
Our Values
Resources
Help Center
Newsletter
Blog
API

Podchaser is the ultimate destination for podcast data, search, and discovery. Learn More

Download the App
Upgrade to Pro
© 2025 Podchaser, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Cookie Settings
We care about your privacy
By choosing 'Accept All Cookies', you agree that we and our partners use cookies to improve our website performance, provide you with a customized user experience and analyze website traffic. You can read more about the purposes for which we and our partners use cookies and manage your cookie settings by clicking on 'Cookie Settings' or visiting our Privacy Policy.
Cookie Settings Accept All Cookies