Podimo's Exclusive podcasts & audiobooks For Podcasters Newsroom Careers Welcome to Podimo A home for all listeners We offer podcasts you'll only hear on Podimo and audiobooks that fit into every moment of your day We're proud to produce audio entertainment in collaboration with local superstars. Let us inspire you to listen more! Life is better when you listen Whether you're listening to a friend, to someone who inspires you, or to someone you disagree with: Listening broadens your horizons Encouraging you to listen more is all we want to do! More about us Produced by Podimo We're more than a library of podcasts and audiobooks: We take great pride in producing some of the best audio entertainment in every country we enter! When we don't produce, we collaborate with and fund the voices we believe in. Learn more On your terms Our platform is with you every step of your day, whenever you want to listen for facts, feels or fun! Enjoy our shows on all of your devices, tailored to your personality. Stay up to date with your favourite voices – also via the open RSS archive. In the news We're deeply invested in culture and are proud to make headlines around the world. Don't take our word for it – check out some of our latest headlines! Visit our newsroom 1000+ Shows you don't hear anywhere else We inspire you, surprise you, entertain you – and make getting from A to B more fun. 70.000+ Audiobooks Bestsellers, award-winning crime and novels, adventurous romance, fascinating biographies and more favourites. Global presence The app is currently available in seven countries and is expanding to more soon. Now playing: Useful links Careers Help Center About Code of conduct Community guidelines SSL Certified page Read our Terms of service and Privacy policy © 2024 Podimo · All rights reserved We use cookies Podimo ApS uses cookies and/or similar tracking technologies for functionality, statistics and target marketing in collaboration with third parties. By clicking "Accept all cookies", you give us permission to use such cookies in connection with your use of our website. If you select "Marketing" and/or "Accept all cookies", we share information regarding your behaviour on our website and your preferences with our advertising partners to target marketing. You may also allow us to use specific cookies and/or similar tracking technologies by ticking the relevant boxes below, followed by clicking "Accept chosen cookies". You may withdraw your consent at any time. Read more in our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy . Necessary Functional Statistical Marketing Accept Selected Accept all