Welcome to the new Progress Podio! Now find more product info at our new website here or read the blog to learn more.
 Podio ®
OVERVIEW
FEATURES
SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
PRICING
LOG IN
SIGN UP
Simplify Work, Amplify Results with Progress Podio

Unify and automate work with no-code tools, flexible workflows and customizable business solutions.

SIGN UP
LOG IN
Structure, Automate and Scale—Your Way

Podio supports building digital workspaces tailored to your team's unique processes. Whether you're tracking leads, managing projects, streamlining operations or automating approvals, Podio is built to support a wide range of workflows. With powerful no-code tools, automation and real-time collaboration, Podio helps you structure, scale and simplify work—on your terms.

Key Capabilities:
Customize
No-code drag and drop builder to customize your data structure
Personalized dashboards and workspace layouts
Multiple data views: table, kanban, calendar and badge
Pre-built templates to jumpstart setup
Bidirectional relationship fields to link related data items
Webforms for data intake to capture external submissions
Automate
Customize powerful workflows with If-This-Then-That rules
Automate task assignments, status updates and notifications
Use calculations and custom rules to power dynamic workflows
Integrate with 3rd party tools and other systems of records
Trigger actions across systems with API-first flexibility
Generate pdf documents from templates
Initiate signature and approval requests
Automate email and SMS delivery using dynamic content
Collaborate
Real-time collaboration with comments, file sharing and mentions
Shared workspaces among team members
Client Access with free external licenses
Mobile apps for iOS, Android and iPad
Contextual search to find relevant content, conversations and records
Multi-level permissions to support controlled sharing and focused teamwork
Detailed user activity and revision history to support transparency and audit preparation
Trusted Leader in Flexible Work Management Solutions
2025 G2 Easiest Setup
2025 G2 Best Est. ROI
2025 Capterra Shortlist for Team Communication
2024 Capterra Shortlist for Digital Workplace
2024 TrustRadius Tech Cares Awards
Best Team Management Softwares
Progress Podio Reviews 2025: Details, Pricing & Features | G2
2025 G2 Easiest Setup
2025 G2 Best Est. ROI
2025 Capterra Shortlist for Team Communication
2024 Capterra Shortlist for Digital Workplace
2024 TrustRadius Tech Cares Awards
Best Team Management Softwares
Progress Podio Reviews 2025: Details, Pricing & Features | G2
2025 G2 Easiest Setup
2025 G2 Best Est. ROI
2025 Capterra Shortlist for Team Communication
2024 Capterra Shortlist for Digital Workplace
2024 TrustRadius Tech Cares Awards
THE BUSINESS BENEFIT
Boost Efficiency, Empower Teams
and Scale with Confidence

Podio supports businesses of all sizes streamline operations, improve visibility and make more informed decisions. Whether you're a startup or a global enterprise, Podio is built to support a range of needs with advanced automation and customizable workflows—leaving teams to focus on high-impact work.

Boost Productivity

Automate repetitive tasks and streamline handoffs with structured workflows that save time and minimize errors.

Improve Collaboration

Break down silos with shared workspaces, client access, real-time updates and mobile-ready tools.

Enhance Visibility

Centralize data, conversations and project updates in one place for real-time insights and accountability.

Scale with Flexibility

Tailor Podio to your evolving business needs with flexible architecture, robust APIs and security features designed to support enterprise needs. 

Accelerate Time to Value

Quickly launch custom apps and workspaces using no-code tools.



One Platform. Endless Possibilities.

Support multiple work types—CRM, project tracking, approvals, and more—on a single platform to help reduce tool sprawl and license costs.

Trusted by Thousands of Organisations... All Around the World!
What Our Customers Say

Real Teams. Real Results.

Grew 30x with Podio generating 5x ROI in six months

We wanted to have something custom, and Anders (from Workways) told me about his Podio experience and how you can build whatever you want and his recommendation on where to start. Without Podio and its automations, my company would be a lot less profitable.

Stefan Stojkovic,

Founder, GulvKanonen

In collaboration with trusted Podio Partner, Workways
READ FULL STORY
Get Started on Podio

For streamlined work that will drive your business forward.

GET STARTED
PRODUCT
Project Management 
CRM 
Workflow Automation 
Pricing 
 
QUICK LINKS
Resource Center 
Customer Stories 
Extensions
App Market
 
SUPPORT
Help Center 
Request a Demo 
Find a Partner 
Podio Status 
 
CONNECT WITH US
GET IN TOUCH
  

Copyright © 2025 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

About Us Awards Press Releases Media Coverage Careers Offices

Progress and certain product names used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. See Trademarks for appropriate markings. All rights in any other trademarks contained herein are reserved by their respective owners and their inclusion does not imply an endorsement, affiliation, or sponsorship as between Progress and the respective owners.

Security Center
 
Privacy Center
 
License Agreement

Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Powered by Progress Sitefinity

We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. Some of these cookies also help improve your user experience on our websites, assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, and assist with our promotional and marketing efforts. Please read our Cookie Policy for a more detailed description and click on the settings button to customize how the site uses cookies for you.
COOKIES SETTINGS
ACCEPT COOKIES