Work Management Platform | Streamline Collaboration & Workflows | Podio Welcome to the new Progress Podio! Now find more product info at our new website here or read the blog to learn more. Podio ® Overview Features Collaboration Workspaces Task Management File Sharing Customization Podio Apps Workflow Automations Integrations & Extensions Solutions By Use Case Project Management CRM By Industry Accounting Agencies Real Estate Resources Resource Center Customer Stories Blogs Documentation Community Podio Status Get in
                                                    touch Partners Pricing Log In Sign Up Simplify Work, Amplify Results with Progress Podio Unify and automate work with no-code tools, flexible workflows and
                            customizable business solutions. Sign Up Log In Structure, Automate and Scale—Your Way Podio supports building digital workspaces tailored to your team's unique
                            processes. Whether you're tracking leads, managing projects, streamlining operations or
                            automating approvals, Podio is built to support a wide range of workflows. With powerful
                            no-code tools, automation and real-time collaboration, Podio helps you structure, scale and
                            simplify work—on your terms. Key Capabilities: Customize No-code drag and drop builder to customize your data structure Personalized dashboards and workspace layouts Multiple data views: table, kanban, calendar and badge Pre-built templates to jumpstart setup Bidirectional relationship fields to link related data items Webforms for data intake to capture external submissions Automate Customize powerful workflows with If-This-Then-That rules Automate task assignments, status updates and notifications Use calculations and custom rules to power dynamic workflows Integrate with 3rd party tools and other systems of records Trigger actions across systems with API-first flexibility Generate pdf documents from templates Initiate signature and approval requests Automate email and SMS delivery using dynamic content Collaborate Real-time collaboration with comments, file sharing and mentions Shared workspaces among team members Client Access with free external licenses Mobile apps for iOS, Android and iPad Contextual search to find relevant content, conversations and records Multi-level permissions to support controlled sharing and focused teamwork Detailed user activity and revision history to support transparency and audit
                                preparation Trusted Leader in Flexible Work Management Solutions Progress Podio
                                Reviews 2025: Details, Pricing & Features | G2 2025 G2 Easiest
                                Setup 2025 G2 Best Est.
                                ROI 2025 Capterra
                                Shortlist for Team Communication 2024 Capterra
                                Shortlist for Digital Workplace 2024 TrustRadius
                                Tech Cares Awards Best Team Management
                                Softwares The Business Benefit Boost Efficiency, Empower Teams and Scale with Confidence Podio supports businesses of all sizes streamline operations, improve
                            visibility and make more informed decisions. Whether you're a startup or a global
                            enterprise, Podio is built to support a range of needs with advanced automation and
                            customizable workflows—leaving teams to focus on high-impact work. Boost Productivity Automate repetitive tasks and streamline handoffs with structured
                            workflows that save time and minimize errors. Improve Collaboration Break down silos with shared workspaces, client access, real-time
                            updates and mobile-ready tools. Enhance Visibility Centralize data, conversations and project updates in one place for
                            real-time insights and accountability. Scale with Flexibility Tailor Podio to your evolving business needs with flexible
                            architecture, robust APIs and security features designed to support enterprise needs. Accelerate Time to Value Quickly launch custom apps and workspaces using no-code
                            tools. One Platform. Endless Possibilities. Support multiple work types—CRM, project tracking, approvals,
                            and more—on a single platform to help reduce tool sprawl and license costs. Trusted by Thousands of Organisations... All Around the World! What Our Customers Say Real Teams. Real Results. Grew 30x with Podio generating 5x ROI in six months We wanted to have something custom,
                                            and Anders (from Workways) told me about his Podio experience and how you
                                            can build whatever you want and his recommendation on where to start.
                                            Without Podio and its automations, my company would be a lot less
                                            profitable. Stefan
                                            Stojkovic, Founder, GulvKanonen In collaboration with trusted
                                            Podio Partner, Workways Read full story Automate to operate without boundaries What can easily take 4-to-6-person
                                            team in comparable companies, is handled by 0.25 of an employee in our
                                            organization with Podio. Kasper
                                            Dam Founder and CEO, Kandio Read full story Managing growth with technology I now have a product that is as
                                            simple or as complex as I want it to be. My favorite thing about Podio, is
                                            how it does only what I need it to do and nothing more and nothing
                                            less. Matthew
                                            Markoff Founder and Tax Partner, Markoff
                                            & Malatesta CPAs PLLC Read full
                                        story Podio keeps Integrity's teams connected and informed We needed an intuitive solution to
                                            the problem of collaborating across diverse operating contexts and
                                            time-zones, and to reduce the pain points of sharing spreadsheets back and
                                            forth. Podio transformed our entire information environment and instilled a
                                            culture of collaborative knowledge management. Will Lowrie Head of Data and Knowledge
                                            Management, Integrity Read full
                                        story Enterprise collaboration and business process automation Everything in Podio has enabled us
                                            to take the tool, make it ours and do exactly what we want with it as
                                            opposed to trying to fit our business into something else and does it in a
                                            way that is simple enough that most people can figure it out. Chris
                                            Blanchard Director of IT, Schuster Companies Read full
                                        story Giving a voice to the voiceless with Podio We shared those records with the
                                            hospital and identified that the person needed insulin. If that hadn’t
                                            gotten picked up from his Podio records, who knows what could’ve
                                            happened there. Jaquie Mills Managing Director, Microboards
                                            Australia Read full
                                        story Get Started on Podio For streamlined work that will drive your business forward. Get Started Product Project Management CRM Workflow Automation Pricing Quick Links Resource Center Customer Stories Extensions App Market Support Help Center Request a Demo Find a Partner Podio Status Connect With Us Get in Touch Copyright © 2025 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved. About Us Awards Press Releases Media Coverage Careers Offices Progress and certain product names used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. See Trademarks for appropriate markings. All rights in any other trademarks contained herein are reserved by their respective owners and their inclusion does not imply an endorsement, affiliation, or sponsorship as between Progress and the respective owners. Security Center Privacy Center License Agreement Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Powered by Progress Sitefinity