Poem Hunter: Poems - Poets - Poetry Home Poems Poems Best Poems Best Member Poems Best Classical Poems New Poems Poems About Best Poems by Themes Explore Poems Poem Of The Day Poets Poets Best Poets Best Member Poets Best Classical Poets New Poets Explore Poets Poem Hunter: Poems - Poets - Poetry Best poems by famous poets all around the world on Poem Hunter. Read poem and quotes from most popular poets. 30 Dec, 2025 Today POEM OF THE DAY The Silent Lover I PASSIONS are liken'd best to floods and streams: The shallow murmur, but the deep are dumb; So, when affection yields discourse, it seems The bottom is but shallow whence they come. They that are rich in words, in words discover That they are poor in that which makes a lover. ... by Sir Walter Raleigh Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MODERN POEM The Bush, My Lover The camp-fire gleams resistance To every twinkling star; The horse-bells in the distance Are jangling faint and far; Through gum-boughs torn and lonely The passing breezes sigh; In all the world are only My star-crowned Gove and I. The still night wraps Macquarie; ... by William Henry Ogilvie Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MEMBER POEM Melted Sacred, I speak. Worried, I think. Words rot. Thoughts drown. Shadows crawl And pull me down. Still afraid. Still unheard. ... by Eros Andress Read Poem QUOTE OF THE DAY Hot wood, 
filled with moisture 
can be bent, 
to the needs of 
the people. by Is It Poetry See All Quotations TODAY'S NEW POEMS God Is King Gerry Legister The Mystery Of Gravity Paul Hartal I Dream Kevin J. Muricio For All Ages ANJANDEV ROY Rivers And Streams Brown mbadiwe 29 Dec, 2025 Monday POEM OF THE DAY Hymn V: Thy Faithfulness, Lord Thy faithfulness, Lord, Each moment we find, So true to thy word, So loving and kind! Thy mercy so tender To all the lost race, The vilest offender May turn and find grace. The mercy I feel To others I show, I set to my seal That Jesus is true: Ye all may find favour Who come at his call, O come to my Saviour, His grace is for all! To save what was lost, from heaven he came; Come, sinners, and trust In Jesus's name. He offers you pardon; He bids you be free; "If sin be your burden, O come unto me!" O let me commend My Saviour to you, The publican's friend And Advocate too, For you he is pleading His merits and death, With God interceding for sinners beneath. Then let us submit His grace to receive, Fall down at his feet And gladly believe: We all are forgiven For Jesus's sake: Our title to heaven His merits we take. ... by John Wesley Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MODERN POEM Not Waving But Drowning Nobody heard him, the dead man, But still he lay moaning: I was much further out than you thought And not waving but drowning. Poor chap, he always loved larking And now he's dead It must have been too cold for him his heart gave way, They said. ... by Stevie Smith Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MEMBER POEM One Day I'll Drunk Text You One day I'll drunk text you Looking in your eyes But you're a thousand miles away So all I do is cry I fall to my bed to lay And take a long deep sigh I see the ceiling, the walls and gray I promise you, I do try I hear your voice But there's no sound ... by Maverick Laney Read Poem QUOTE OF THE DAY A rose is not a rose until it bloom's. by Is It Poetry See All Quotations TODAY'S NEW POEMS Six Years Of Darkness benny barnuevo So This Is Love Revisited. Kevin Hulme The Ode For Twin Star Kinsley Lee Jewel In The Sky Narender Singh Bansal Love Is The Seed Ayomikun Akinwunmi 28 Dec, 2025 Sunday POEM OF THE DAY Age And Death Come closer, kind, white, long-familiar friend, Embrace me, fold me to thy broad, soft breast. Life has grown strange and cold, but thou dost bend Mild eyes of blessing wooing to my rest. So often hast thou come, and from my side So many hast thou lured, I only bide Thy beck, to follow glad thy steps divine. Thy world is peopled for me; this world's bare. Through all these years my couch thou didst prepare. Thou art supreme Love-kiss me-I am thine! ... by Emma Lazarus Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MODERN POEM Summons Keep me from going to sleep too soon Or if I go to sleep too soon Come wake me up. Come any hour Of night. Come whistling up the road. Stomp on the porch. Bang on the door. Make me get out of bed and come And let you in and light a light. Tell me the northern lights are on And make me look. Or tell me clouds Are doing something to the moon ... by Robert Francis Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MEMBER POEM Whispers Of The Buried Self He only wanted to be himself. But they wanted him to be normal. They despised what made him different, yet he still loved them. To escape the disgust in their eyes, he became the version of himself they desired — not realizing that with every lie, his soul was fading. ... by Himani Saklani Read Poem QUOTE OF THE DAY You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics. by Charles Bukowski See All Quotations TODAY'S NEW POEMS Re-Woke To A New Life-Vision james watkin Fearless, But With No Pride james watkin To A Child's Glory Realm james watkin A Sofa's And A Bed's james watkin You Can Fly And Follow The Stars Mark Heathcote Load Previous Day RANDOM POEM GO! POPULAR THEMES #english #kids #hindi #love #death #rain #nature #music #friend #hope #war #home #school #life #summer #beautiful #kiss #girl #loss #angel #sun #sleep #lost #greed #hero #memory #power #lonely #night #money #daughter #dance #america #freedom #change #butterfly #baby #beauty #fire #alone #dream #mother #peace #family #soldier #graduation #crazy #laughter #joy #paris All poem themes Best POETS Robert Frost (191 poem) March 26, 1874 – January 29, 1963 Maya Angelou (52 poem) 4 April 1928 - 28 May 2014 William Shakespeare (403 poem) 26 April 1564 - 23 April 1616 Pablo Neruda (143 poem) 12 July 1904 – 23 September 1973 Langston Hughes (100 poem) 1 February 1902 – 22 May 1967 Shel Silverstein (223 poem) September 25, 1930 – May 10, 1999 Emily Dickinson (1232 poem) 10 December 1830 – 15 May 1886 Rabindranath Tagore (215 poem) 7 May 1861 – 7 August 1941 William Wordsworth (386 poem) 1770-1850 Derek Walcott (28 poem) 23 January 1930 All Poets Best POEMS 1. indira babbellapati '                                       A Poem That Woke Me Up!                                     ' ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I dwell In the absence You left behind ... Read Poem 2. Dr. Antony Theodore If You Die Before Me ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ If you die before me I would jump down into your grave and hug you so innocently that angels will become jealous. ... Read Poem 3. Muzahidul Reza Mediterranean Girl's War Phobia ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Indoors by technology, outdoors by speedy transport I travel the world Today in Japan, tomorrow in Rome, Next day by an ancient civilization or in Hawaii or Coast Ivory, ... Read Poem 4. Howard Simon ~ I Choose The Mountain~ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ The low lands call I am tempted to answer They are offering me a free dwelling Without having to conquer ... Read Poem 5. Chinedu Dike Mandela - The Immortal Icon ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ The Peace Warrior Of Mzansi, among heroes - a colossus! Sun Of The Nation; a rare gift of Providence. Once, entangled in the web of racist succubus; Unruffled he declares before High Justice: ... Read Poem 6. Ency Bearis ' Ay Naku Mahirap Umibig Sa Binibining Taga Albay '  (With English Translation) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ (This is a composition in Pilipino Language the first one I did, the only one, and hope some of the Filipinos will get this funny poem in this site. The poem is updated with English translation) Noong taong otsenta dekada ... Read Poem All Poems CLASSICAL POEMS 1. Jacques Prevert ✓ - Barbara - ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rappelle-toi Barbara Il pleuvait sans cesse sur Brest ce jour-là Et tu marchais souriante Épanouie ravie ruisselante ... Read Poem 2. Evie Shockley ✓ — Shall Become As — ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ you put this pen in my hand and you take the pen from    you put this pen ... Read Poem 3. Barbara Guest ✓ Sound and Structure ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ On this dry prepared path walk heavy feet. This is not "dinner music." This is a power structure. ... Read Poem 4. Richard Lovelace ✓ " To His Fairest Valentine Mrs. A. L. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ "Come, pretty birds, present your lays, And learn to chaunt a goddess praise; Ye wood-nymphs, let your voices be Employ'd to serve her deity: ... Read Poem 5. Robert William Service ✓ "?" ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ If you had the choice of two women to wed, (Though of course the idea is quite absurd) And the first from her heels to her dainty head Was charming in every sense of the word: ... Read Poem 6. Emily Jane Brontë ✓ "A Little While, A Little While..." ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ A little while, a little while, The weary task is put away, And I can sing and I can smile, Alike, while I have holiday. ... Read Poem All Poems POEMS POETS Poemhunter.com Best Poems Best Member Poems Best Classical Poems New Poems New Poets Best Member Poets Best Classical Poets Explore Poems Explore Poets Poem Of The Day Poems About Love Poems Baby Poems Death Poems Sad Poems Birthday Poems Wedding Poems Nature Poems Sorry Poems Hero Poems Poetry E-Books Best Poets Robert Frost Maya Angelou William Shakespeare Pablo Neruda Langston Hughes Emiliy Dickinson Shel Silverstein William Blake Rabindranath Tagore William Wordsworth Best Poems Phenomenal Woman Still I Rise The Road Not Taken If You Forget Me Dreams Annabel Lee Caged Bird If Fire And Ice On The Death Of The Beloved About Us Copyright notice Cookie Policy Privacy Statement Contact Us Help Report Error Is Poem Hunter a legit site? Is Poem Hunter safe? Comunity Rules Privacy Policy Legal Terms Of Use Delivering Poems Around The World Poems are the property of their respective owners. All information has been reproduced here for educational and informational purposes to benefit site visitors, and is provided at no charge... 12/30/2025 6:10:18 PM # 1.0.0