Poetry Foundation Skip to main content Poetry Foundation Homepage Poems & Poets Topics & Themes Features Events & Programs About Us Poetry magazine December 2025 Subscribe Subscribe Poetry Foundation Explore poetry across eras, genres, and formats Poems & Poets Topics & Themes Features Events & Programs About Us Poetry magazine Subscribe Subscribe Poetry Foundation Explore poetry across eras, genres, and formats Editors’ Picks Latest Opportunities Native American Heritage Month Essay The World Is Yours. Here, Take It. By Nicole Rudick Joe Brainard's C Comics ran for only two issues, but it remains a testament to the absorbing pleasure of making art with your friends. Essay Poets on Translation: Huffing Like a Horse By Yuki Tanaka Sometimes, choosing the “wrong” word can reveal what the “right” one can’t. Interview A Red Thread Toward the Monster By Alina Stefanescu Lisa Olstein on archival sources, erasure, and mythology in Distinguished Office of Echoes. Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: From “Chronicle of Drifting” By Yuki Tanaka A trip to Kyoto. I wear a mask and read Snow Country on the train, feeling disinfected and happy. The alert is set off and the train stops in the middle of a rice field. The jingling of my apartment... Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: René Magritte By Shuzo Takiguchi Translated By Mary Jo Bang & Yuki Tanaka Released silhouettes flow incessantly like water, flow between mountains swiftly like a kaleidoscope… Poem of the day poetry-magazine From the magazine: On Exiting Universitätsspital Zürich, New Year’s Eve 2015 By Charif Shanahan Read More The open air had the predictable sparkle After two months not only indoors But flat on my back, waiting, mostly... Read More Subscribe to Poem of the Day FROM THE CURRENT ISSUE OF Poetry magazine Subscribe arrowRight December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 Explore Past Issues View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: I am so alive it gnaws. . Unquote. I am so alive it gnaws. quoteLeft — Nur Turkmani View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: I am so alive it gnaws. . Unquote. I am so alive it gnaws. quoteLeft — Nur Turkmani Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Scimitar By Arthur Sze Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: On Humility By Shara Lessley Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Kalsarikänni By Michael Bazzett View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: the universe blacker and more beautiful than I imagined. . Unquote. the universe blacker and more beautiful than I imagined. quoteLeft — January Gill O’Neil View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: the universe blacker and more beautiful than I imagined. . Unquote. the universe blacker and more beautiful than I imagined. quoteLeft — January Gill O’Neil Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Self-Portrait in Granulated Sugar By David Hernandez Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Mira with Sarcasm By Mirabai Translated By Chloe Martinez Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: I Was Lt. Uhura By January Gill O’Neil View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: every word over top every other . Unquote. every word over top every other quoteLeft — Abraham Smith View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: every word over top every other . Unquote. every word over top every other quoteLeft — Abraham Smith Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Karma Affirmation Cistern Don’t Be Afraid Keep Going Toward the Horror By Gabrielle Calvocoressi Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: A Conversation with My Mother About the Bloodstains on My Shirt By Darius Simpson Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: there are no toothbrushes in heaven By marion eames white View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: Time does not move in one direction. Time is never straight. . Unquote. Time does not move in one direction. Time is never straight. quoteLeft — Alexis Pauline Gumbs. View Issue Buy this issue cart quoteRight Quote: Time does not move in one direction. Time is never straight. . Unquote. Time does not move in one direction. Time is never straight. quoteLeft — Alexis Pauline Gumbs. Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Chipping Sparrow By Susan Howe Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Raucous Prayer By Patrick Rosal Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Kamau By Anthony Joseph The Poetry Foundation transforms lives through the power of words. Our work aims to amplify poetry and celebrate poets by fostering spaces for all to create, experience, and share poetry. How We Fulfill Our Mission arrowRight Featured Poets Patricia Smith Ellen Bryant Voigt Arthur Sze John Kinsella Patricia Smith B. 1955 Patricia Smith B. 1955 Patricia Smith (she/her) has been called “a testament to the power of words to change lives.” She is the author of Unshuttered (Northwestern University Press, 2023), Incendiary Art (Northwestern University Press, 2017), winner of the Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award, an NAACP Image Award, and finalist for both the Neustadt International Prize for Literature and the Pulitzer Prize; Shoulda Been Jimi Savannah ( Coffee House, 2012), which won the Lenore Marshall... Read More 1971-Present Slam North America U.S., Mid-Atlantic Poem Sampler Patricia Smith: Selections By Benjamin Voigt Poem poetry-magazine From the magazine: Nap Unleashed By Patricia Smith Poem Katrina By Patricia Smith See All Related Content arrowRight Totes for Poets Subscribe to Poetry and get a free tote ! Subscribe Now Submissions Open Learn more about our open calls for work. Read the Guidelines Connect with us! Daily poems, poetry events, essays, and more from the Poetry Foundation delivered to your inbox. Sign Up First Name * Last Name * Email * Sign me up for: Poem of the Day Start each day with a poem delivered to your inbox! Poems are selected by Poetry Foundation editors and guests to correspond with historic events, poet anniversaries, and more from Poetry magazine and the poem archive at PoetryFoundation.org. Poetry Foundation Weekly Newsletter Access exclusive content from the latest issue of Poetry magazine, read poetry-related essays, stay up to date on Foundation news, and more, every Wednesday. Events Keep up with the Poetry Foundation’s poetry readings, workshops, exhibitions, and other events, sent every other Friday. Educators Monthly during the school year, receive periodic poetry resources and events curated specifically for young people, lifelong learners, and those who work with them. Press Releases Receive newsworthy updates from the Poetry Foundation. Subscribe By clicking "Subscribe," you agree to The Poetry Foundation's collection and use of your personal information submitted through this form in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy , which may include use with our online advertising programs. Poems & Poets Collections Poem Guides Poem of the Day Poems All Poems Poets All Poets Topics & Themes Adults Children Education Educators Glossary of Poetic Terms Teens Features About the Magazine Advertise with Poetry Articles Books Podcasts Poetry Magazine Poetry Magazine Archive Submit to Poetry Subscriptions Video Events & Programs Awards Events All Past Events Exhibitions Grants Library Partnerships Programs About Us Contact Us Give Jobs News Our Team Press Releases Reports & Financials Trustees Visit Poetry Foundation Facebook Instagram Contact Us Newsletters Press Privacy Policy Terms of Use Poetry Mobile App 61 West Superior Street, Chicago, IL 60654 © 2025 Poetry Foundation See a problem on this page?