PointDNS - easy-to-use, reliable, powerful & affordable DNS hosting Accept Cookies notice:
          This website is using cookies. You can read our cookies policy here pricing developers enterprise edu roadmap support log in sign up Powerful. Reliable Easy to use DNS hosting. Trusted by developers and enterprise worldwide. Learn More Get Started Your DNS management made easy. Not just for experts. Trusted by our customers All All Gaming SaaS Media Public Sector Technology Luxury Brands Fiance & Economics Global Availability 14 diverse DNS servers around the world USA, United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, France, Netherlands, Singapore, Australia Designed to help you from minute one You shouldn't have to be, or rely on an expert to manage dns for your domain names. Easy Management Powerful Features 1-Click Integrations Point DNS is designed to give you power and control PointDNS is a fully self-managed DNS solution trusted by thousands of users around the world to power web applications, websites, internal services and many other critical applications. PointDNS is used to manage over 350,000 domains around the world, from start-ups and developers to enterprise businesses and I.T. service companies. Zero CAPEX DNS in the Cloud PointDNS is delivered as a service, which means there is no need to buy hardware, or install software. PointDNS addresses all of your current and future DNS needs including handling DNSSEC, IPv6, our easy-to-use dashboard, advanced logging and reporting. And all of this is provided at the lowest cost of ownership possible. Globally Diverse DNS Presence We deliver our DNS services across 14 different diverse Tier IV datacenters across the world, which makes sure you always have high site availability and low latency resulting in a great user experience for your users and your business. PointDNS helps make you a power user. Make changes fast and be able to do them without having to read a manual. That's how every software service should be. And that's exactly how PointDNS works. We take the pain out of DNS management and make it supremely simple and easy to do with a great, easy-to-use, novice-ready platform that can make any DNS management newcomer feel like an expert quickly. Share access to your records With outsourcing development or I.T. management, we make it easy to share access to your DNS records to help you remain in control of your domain. Unlimited Records In today's SaaS landscape, you'll find yourself using more DNS records than ever before with your domain. We don't limit your records for your domains to make sure PointDNS can always grow with your needs. Domain Group Management Mass updating of DNS records is painful so we've taken the pain out of updating your domain groups with mass management. Integration made easy. You're welcome. There is nothing worse than integrations that are made so difficult you've to read a mass of instructions. They're time-wasting, unhelpful and down right frustrating. We don't like any of these things, so we've made our integration process single-click ready. PointDNS Customer Success Stories PointDNS has provided excellent customer service to ConnectFood.  On a couple of tricky configurations we were attempting, they even brought their development team onboard to help out!  Excellent user interface and excellent service.  Great job! - Chris Metz, Connect Food We at iClan Websites use PointDNS for our entire hosting infrastructure. PointDNS have provided us with a rock-solid service at an affordable cost that scales well for our web hosting business for several years now. Their API is a breeze and allows us to implement geo-redundancy with DNS failover, keeping our customer websites online in the event of server failure or entire data centre outages. This service removes the headache of running our own DNS. It's worth the money. - James Andrews, iClan Websites PointDNS has helped me to free-up time and focus on maintaining my skill-set, helping me to increase my revenue. - Peter Gal, Perme8 PointDNS is great reliable and simple to use service. Just set-up in a minutes and forget - Dimitri Zagorovsky, Stiltsoft Since moving from dedicated to cloud based services, we needed to find a new DNS provider. point dns was perfect! Everything we need in one place and allows for easy and full control of DNS for our sites and services. - Paul Maye, GroupMail.io There are many things I like about point dns. The interface is clean and easy to use. The stats graph is interesting & the one-click adding of Google records is very useful. i - Stephen Elford, Traffic Websites Are you ready to take control with PointDNS? Get started today Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright 2021 PointDNS . All Rights Reserved. Contact us or request support