Skip to main content
Info hub
Renter resources
Rental market research
Understanding build-to-rent
Sign in
About us
Who we are.
What we do.
Helping you find your dream house for rent, hassle-free.
   
Renting is a journey

For over two decades, we have been helping millions of people across the U.S. and Canada find their ideal homes. Along the way, we’ve come to understand just how challenging it can be to navigate the rental market and secure a house that speaks to you.

  
We’re here to make renting smooth.

At Point2Homes, we’ve set out to redefine the renting experience, turning it into something effortless, modern and progressive. Because renters deserve convenience and a seamless process.

No more bumps in the road when searching for a new place — only access to countless incredible rentals and simple solutions to secure the house you love. All with just a few clicks on Point2Homes.com.

Fueled by expertise and tech
 1996

Our journey began in 1996 with a clear mission — to make finding a home easy. Initially focused on helping people purchase residences, we soon ventured into new areas.

 2010

In 2010, we joined Yardi Systems, Inc., an industry leader in property management software. We added rentals and commercial real estate to our portfolio.

 NOW

And after years of experience in the housing sector, we’re now dedicated to a niche we’ve always been fond of — houses for rent.

     
We’re all about house rentals
Today, Point2Homes is a proud member of Yardi’s Rental Network alongside apartment search portal RentCafe.com and multifamily digital marketing agency REACH by RentCafe. And we specialize exclusively in houses for rent in the U.S. and Canada. Single family units, duplexes, cottages, you name it.
With Yardi’s top-tier property management technology backing us, we’re here to assist renters, as well as property managers, throughout the renting process.
Specifically designed for renters
Point2Homes comes with tons of houses for rent to feast your eyes on. And then there are all the bells and whistles that make searching for a home as personalized as it gets.
A rental should cater to your lifestyle.
       
Map
Our interactive map lets you select a desired neighborhood and explore nearby amenities and services.
Data
You can dive into local rent trends and demographics, uncovering everything there is to know about an area.
Filters
The filters will help you find the house that suits you. Need more baths or a pet-friendly option? Say no more.
Reviews
The real reviews from current and past tenants will also come in handy, enabling you to get a feel for the place.
Easy renting in a digital world
   

Our mission at Point2Homes is to provide a more innovative way to rent, one that makes your life simpler and brings you closer to a house you can truly call home. Because finding the perfect rental can be tough.

We offer a complete digital leasing experience.

Once you’ve browsed houses for rent and found something that feels right, you can get in touch with the property manager and even schedule a tour with them. The available contact options just make communication a breeze.

For a multitude of homes, you can submit your rental application online directly — no hassle involved, just a streamlined process and a few simple clicks.

Led by top industry experts
Esther Bonardi Vice President

A multifamily marketing pro, Esther Bonardi leads REACH by RentCafe, RentCafe.com, and Point2Homes.com. With over 35 years in the rental housing industry, she’s worked on both the owner/operator side and as a solution provider at RentCafe. Esther is a proud alum of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. And she holds an advanced Executive Certificate in Marketing Strategy from Cornell University. She’s part of the Forbes Communication Council and often shares her insights at real estate events and in industry publications.

Esther aims to make the online search experience top-notch for renters while also looking to help property managers connect with great tenants and build thriving communities.

Chris Lindish Industry Principal

Chris Lindish is the Industry Principal for REACH by RentCafe, RentCafe.com, and Point2Homes.com. He has 30 years of experience in real estate and property management. That includes both operations and digital marketing, so he really understands the ins and outs of the industry. Chris has been a featured speaker at many real estate events, sharing his knowledge with the multifamily community.

Constantly pushing to shake up the game, Chris helps multifamily operators stay in tune with customer needs and industry trends. In doing so, he leads a dedicated team. One that assists property owners, managers, and marketers make the most of technology and best practices to hit their business goals.

In the headlines
Over the years, Point2Homes’ real estate studies and reports have been featured in some of the most noteworthy North American media publications.
We’re here for you

Have questions, feedback or need rental guidance? Reach out to us.

Keep an eye on the news

Check out the latest rental trends and insights on the Point2Homes blog.

Point2Homes is committed to and abides by the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Read our policy here.
Company
About us
Contact
Advertise
Blog
Point2Homes Canada
Legal
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Your CA privacy rights
Accessibility statement
Copyright © 1996-2025, Point2Homes. Point2Homes.com is owned and operated by Yardi Systems Inc. All rights reserved.