Poison Control Help & FAQ Need Immediate Assistance? Get Help Online webPOISONCONTROL About webPOISONCONTROL Infographic Poison Info By Substances By Age By Season Order Materials Podcast First Aid Get Help Online or By Phone Statistics National: webPOISONCONTROL National: Calls Button Battery Ingestions Donate Now Act Fast The Poison Post ® Pill ID Batteries Tips Mechanism Guideline In the News Severe Cases Fatal Cases Statistics Donate Now Get Help ONLINE OR BY PHONE Contact Poison Control right away if you suspect a poisoning. Help is available online with web POISON CONTROL ® or by phone at 1-800-222-1222. Both options are free, expert, and confidential. Get Help Online or Call 1-800-222-1222 Call 911 right away if the individual collapses, has a seizure, has trouble breathing, or can’t be awakened. Donate Now Need help identifying a pill? Mixed up your meds? Found a loose pill? 
Worried that your refill looks different?
Fortunately, most medications can be identified from the letters and numbers imprinted on the pill. Identify a Pill News On March 31, 2025 the National Capital Poison Center became the first all-digital, fully-automated poison control center. The Center leveraged its innovative web POISON CONTROL tool to help those who cannot or will not use the telephone to call Poison Control, throughout the US. Calls from the DC metro area are now routed to neighboring poison centers. Learn more Poison and Prevention Information Batteries Cause Devastating Injuries Swallowed batteries burn through a child's esophagus in just 2 hours, leading to surgery, months with feeding and breathing tubes, and even death. About the size of a nickel, 20 mm, 3-volt lithium coin cells are the most hazardous as they are big enough to get stuck and burn faster. Secure battery compartments and keep loose batteries away from children. Learn more E-Cigs and Toddlers: Beware Electronic cigarettes (e-Cigs) are devices made to look like real cigarettes. They contain a battery, a heater, and liquid nicotine. When heated, the nicotine liquid becomes a vapor, which users inhale. Liquid nicotine products contain flavorings and something to help the product vaporize. Liquid nicotine products are very poisonous if swallowed. Learn more Carbon Monoxide: What You Need to Know It's not an intriguing or novel hazard, just the persistent, invisible killer: carbon monoxide. Seriously, you still don't have a carbon monoxide alarm in every sleeping area of your home? Get one! And keep fuel-burning appliances in good repair; don't use grills or gasoline-powered tools indoors, and don't run your car in an attached garage or place a generator close to your home. Learn more The Poison Post ® Free quarterly e-newsletter 9.25 Getting up to speed on Adderall Adderall is a combination of 2 central nervous stimulants: amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. Its main use is the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In overdose, it can cause serious central nervous system and cardiovascular effects. Learn more This issue also contains: Concerns about hair dye: Prevent injuries and allergic reactions Are rosary peas poisonous? Effects of lidocaine Tripping on shrooms: What does the science tell us? SNRI antidepressants: Know the risks View Past Issues Subscribe webPOISONCONTROL Did you know you can get help from Poison Control without calling? There’s a do-it-yourself poison control tool and app. web POISON CONTROL has helped over one million people figure out what to do after a possible poisoning. Just answer a few questions about what happened and you’ll get a safe and accurate recommendation in less than 3 minutes. web POISON CONTROL will tell you exactly what to do. Learn more. Get Help Online First Aid for Poisonings Poison Control is here to help if you swallow or come in contact with something that might be poisonous. Don't wait for symptoms to develop. Contact Poison Control immediately if you suspect a poisoning. Before you contact us , there are first aid measures that make a difference if accomplished within seconds to minutes of the poison exposure. Be sure you know about them. First Aid Tips webPOISONCONTROL Data Dashboard The web POISON CONTROL data analysis dashboard is the only free and publicly available online source of national (U.S.), near real-time poison exposure data. Find out more about the dashboard so you can fully explore data summaries and trends of poisonings from common substances like personal care products, cleaning substances, medicines, pesticides, plants, bites and stings, and more. webPOISONCONTROL Dashboard Items of interest: Poison Statistics Jingles Spike Program © 2012 - 2026  NCPC Terms of Use (Websites) Terms of Use (Triage) About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Feedback Medical Toxicology Fellowship