Polarsteps Travel App | Plan, Track & Relive Your Trips Log in Log in ↓ explore the app Plan - track - relive One travel app for all your adventures Join the 18M+ travelers who plan, track, and relive their trips with Polarsteps. Get the app Get the app Get the app 4.8 (140K RATINGS) 09:52 Emma Miller Backpacking Asia 09:52 Emma Miller Backpacking Asia 09:52 Emma Miller Backpacking Asia 09:52 Emma Miller Backpacking Asia Itinerary builder Plan your next adventure Trip overview Add your stays and activities Travel inspiration Get personalized travel tips Trip tracker Capture your route automatically Step-by-step updates Share the journey with family and friends Countries visited See your travel stats grow Trip reel & Travel Book Relive your favorite travel moments Create a shareable video with the push of a button Transform your trip into a beautiful hardback book See our Travel Books See our Travel Books Gift a Travel Book Gift a Travel Book Itinerary builder Plan your next adventure Receive personalized travel tips See your trip plotted on the map Add your stays and activities 09:52 Emma Miller Road trip coast to coast 09:52 Emma Miller Road trip coast to coast Trip tracker Capture your route automatically Easily add photos, videos and stories Let your friends and family follow along See your trips and stats unfold on the map A recap of your trip Relive the adventure @lifeandpauli In your hands Transform your trip into a Travel Book A beautiful keepsake of your travel memories. Created with the push of a button. See our Travel Books Gift a Travel Book And the best part… Only you Friends & Family The entire world Full privacy control You decide who can see your trip Full privacy control You decide who can see your trip Only you Friends & Family The entire world Full privacy control You decide who can see your trip It's free! featured in: Works offline Keeps tracking — even when you're offgrid Works offline Keeps tracking — even when you're offgrid Works offline Keeps tracking — even when you're offgrid Battery-efficient Uses no more than 4% a day while tracking 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % Made in the EU Made in the EU Made in the EU Proudly ad-free Loved by explorers everywhere Courtney Allan Hitchhiker Love this app James,  July 23 2025 Love this app! Tracks me on my vacation and provides real-time notification to friends and family of my trip. At the conclusion, I order the Travel Book of my photos which is very high quality. Great app Mieke,  June 30 2025 The Polarsteps app is great. I am totally addicted. It is so nice to keep up with all your travels. And friends and family can follow you wherever you go. The Travel Book, which you can order afterwards, is of very good quality. Alex Hubin adventurer Great scope of features Peter,  July 8 2025 It’s a great way to share our travels with friends and family. This way, I don’t have to send updates to like three group chats and five individuals. They just get a link and can easily check out my trip. Great scope of features! Keeps getting better David, July 5th 2025 I’ve been using this app for years now. It’s always been good and it keeps getting better. Leoni Kolberg Solo cyclist Courtney Allan Hitchhiker Love this app James,  July 23 2025 Love this app! Tracks me on my vacation and provides real-time notification to friends and family of my trip. At the conclusion, I order the Travel Book of my photos which is very high quality. Great app Mieke,  June 30 2025 The Polarsteps app is great. I am totally addicted. It is so nice to keep up with all your travels. And friends and family can follow you wherever you go. The Travel Book, which you can order afterwards, is of very good quality. Alex Hubin adventurer Great scope of features Peter,  July 8 2025 It’s a great way to share our travels with friends and family. This way, I don’t have to send updates to like three group chats and five individuals. They just get a link and can easily check out my trip. Great scope of features! Keeps getting better David, July 5th 2025 I’ve been using this app for years now. It’s always been good and it keeps getting better. Leoni Kolberg Solo cyclist Join 18M+ explorers by downloading Polarsteps today! Get the app Get the app Get the app GET STARTED Get the app Log in ABOUT About us Careers News & press Stories Help & Support Help Center Contact us Partners Mixpanel Location IQ © 2025 Polarsteps · Terms · Privacy · Cookies GET STARTED Get the app Log in ABOUT About us Careers News & press Stories Help & Support Help Center Contact us Partners Mixpanel Location IQ © 2025 Polarsteps Terms Privacy Cookies GET STARTED Get the app Log in ABOUT About us Careers News & press Stories Help & Support Help Center Contact us Partners Mixpanel Location IQ © 2025 Polarsteps · Terms · Privacy · Cookies