Policygenius: Get Free Quotes & Buy Insurance Online Policygenius Pro | Call a licensed expert 1-855-695-2255 Life Main menu Coverage Life insurance Term life insurance Whole life insurance No-medical-exam life insurance Tools & resources Compare life insurance quotes Life insurance calculator Life insurance rates Term life insurance rates Whole life insurance rates Reviews Best life insurance companies of 2025 Life insurance company reviews Life insurance reviews methodology Get free quotes Save 50% or more on life insurance Home Main menu Coverage Homeowners insurance Bundling home & auto insurance Tools & resources Home insurance calculator Home insurance rates by ZIP code Homeowners insurance cost Reviews Best homeowners insurance companies of 2025 Homeowners insurance company reviews Cheap homeowners insurance companies Get free quotes You could be saving on home insurance Auto Main menu Coverage Car insurance Compare car insurance quotes Bundling auto & home insurance Bundling auto & renters insurance Tools & resources Car insurance calculator Car insurance rates by ZIP code Car insurance cost Reviews Best car insurance companies of 2025 Car insurance company reviews Cheap car insurance companies Get free quotes Shop and save on auto insurance Disability Main menu Coverage Disability insurance Tools & resources Disability insurance calculator Long-term disability insurance cost Reviews Best disability insurance companies of 2025 Disability insurance company reviews Get free quotes Your paycheck needs protection About us Policygenius Pro Sign in Call a licensed expert: 1-855-695-2255 Sign in The simple way to buy insurance Select a product to compare quotes: Life Home Auto Disability Compare prices among America's top insurers 4.7 out of 5 Excellent rating 250+ Experts ready to help 2,500+ Peer-reviewed articles Why trust Policygenius? Smart tools Our proprietary technology makes it easy to compare personalized quotes and policies from top-rated insurers side by side. Human support Our team of licensed experts is here to answer questions, handle paperwork, and help you make decisions with confidence. Fully independent We work for you — not for the insurance companies. From exploring coverage options to making policy adjustments as your life changes, we're your advocate at every step. We value the security of your data Your security is our priority. Featured in Explore our guides Our experts have compiled resources that cover the basics and beyond. Life insurance Everything you need to know about life insurance Home insurance Your homeowners insurance questions, answered Auto insurance Ins and outs of financially protecting your vehicle Disability insurance Answers to your disability insurance questions Join our millions of happy shoppers Policygenius has near-perfect ratings on Trustpilot, BBB, and Google. Here's what our customers are saying. Amazingly easy process I had a very good experience using Policygenius. They did most [of] the heavy lifting and made everything super easy. They sent me timely reminders which were helpful. I would 100% recommend using them. Rahul , December 14th Policygenius made the process easy! Policygenius made the process easy to navigate. The representatives were helpful and attentive to my questions. They were persistent in trying to help me find the best insurance for my current life goals. Once they connected me with insurance agents, the application process was relatively quick and, again, easy to navigate. I'd recommend them to anyone! Kimberly , February 2nd This was an easy and simple process This was an easy and simple process. It was not stressful at all. All of my questions were answered. I felt seen and listened to throughout the process. If you are on the fence don’t be you will not regret the decision to use this service. Karen , April 13th Knowledgeable, Responsive and Courteous The team quickly assessed my needs, they were knowledgeable of the products, and articulated a recommendation that was the best fit. The application process was simple, and they were available at each stage of the process to ensure the application was moving along. A great experience! Mark , April 17th Rated 4.7 / 5 based on 5775 reviews . See all reviews at Easy process, expert support Policygenius provides free quotes tailored to your needs with support from licensed agents, helping you get insurance coverage fast so you can get on with life. 30M+ shoppers served $90B of life insurance sold 24/7 help from experts Finished scrolling? Start saving Find the insurance you need and save by shopping from the most trusted insurers. Shop life insurance Shop home & auto insurance Frequently asked questions How is Policygenius different from other insurance sites? Policygenius is an insurance marketplace , not an insurance company . (That means we sell policies, we don't underwrite them.) There's no shortage of companies out there offering fast or easy insurance coverage, but we think a marketplace is the best way to compare them all — and Policygenius combines that marketplace experience with online tools, an expansive educational library, and guidance from real, licensed humans to help you get covered with confidence. How does Policygenius make money? We’re an independent insurance broker, so we get paid a commission by insurance companies for each sale. Insurance commissions are already built into the price of an insurance policy, so you’re not paying any extra for working with us to buy a policy. Our compensation on any particular purchase may vary depending on a number of factors, including the type and size of product, the insurer, and the volume of business we have with an insurer, but we don't push for or give preference to any one insurer over another because of the commission. We're here to fight for you, not for ourselves. (Want to know what commission we'd earn on a specific insurance policy you see in our marketplace? Just ask!) Is Policygenius licensed? Yes! All insurance brokers are required by law to be licensed in each state they do business. You can find our licenses here . Is Policygenius a corporate affiliate of any insurance company? No. We’re an independent insurance broker, which means that we're not owned by an insurance company, nor do we own one. Instead, we sell insurance policies from multiple insurers without bias or favor toward any of them. It’s important to us that we help you find the right insurance policy for your needs — not which company you buy it from. Is it cheaper to buy insurance through Policygenius? Insurance rates are regulated by law, which means that no company, broker, or agent can offer you a discount on a policy. That doesn't mean you can't find ways to save money, though! Each insurer calculates risk differently, and they all strive to offer policies at competitive prices. That's why Policygenius helps you compare quotes from multiple companies in one place: to make it easy to spot potential savings. More insurance resources Life Types of life insurance Term vs. whole life insurance How to buy life insurance How much life insurance do I need? How does life insurance work? Home How to buy homeowners insurance How much homeowners insurance do I need? Why did my homeowners insurance go up? Auto How to buy car insurance How much car insurance do I need? Disability How does long-term disability insurance work? Types of disability insurance How to get disability insurance Is long-term disability insurance worth it? Renters Renters insurance Bundling renters & auto insurance Renters insurance calculator Renters insurance cost Best renters insurance companies of 2025 Renters insurance company reviews What does renters insurance cover? Other insurance Annuities Health insurance Long-term care insurance Pet insurance Company About us Policygenius reviews Careers Partnerships Policygenius Pro Expertise Editorial standards Financial Review Council Press News & research News Research at Policygenius Life Insurance Price Index Home Insurance Pricing Report Contact team@policygenius.com 1-855-695-2255 Phone hours: Life insurance team Monday-Thursday 9am-9pm ET Friday-Sunday 9am-8pm ET Home & auto insurance team Monday-Friday 9am-6pm ET Disability insurance team Monday-Friday 9am-6pm ET PO Box 758648 Topeka, KS 66675-8648 Privacy Notice Online tracking opt-out guide Accessibility Terms & conditions Disclosures Yes, we have to include some legalese down here. Policygenius LLC (DBA Policygenius Services LLC in NY; DBA Policygenius Insurance Services in California) (“Policygenius”), a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business in New York, New York, is a licensed independent insurance broker. The information provided on this site has been developed by Policygenius for general informational and educational purposes. We do our best to ensure that this information is up-to-date and accurate. Any insurance policy premium quotes or ranges displayed are non-binding. The final insurance policy premium for any policy is determined by the underwriting insurance company following application. If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-855-695-2255 for assistance. Copyright Policygenius © 2014- 2025 | NerdWallet Logo ©2014-2024 and TM, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved.