POLITICO Pro | Policy Intelligence Platform Pro Features '. Overview .' Policy Intelligence Assistant Suite of tools to elevate your impact. Exclusive News #1 non-partisan policy coverage. Stakeholder Management Engage with your critical network. Trackers Track in-depth policy movement. Directories Get to know key decision-makers. Projects Organize and share key information. Pro Analysis See more with exclusive content. Policy Intelligence Briefings Your questions, our reporters, live Pro Reporting Pro Packages About Pro '. Overview .' About Us Explore our mission and values. Who Uses Pro See how many Pros use the platform. Resource Center Enhance policy with free resources. Blog Tune in to blogs and updates. FAQs Address your burning questions. Careers Work with our passionate team. Ready for a free trial? Request a demo Login Try a Demo Demo Pro Pro Features Overview Policy Intelligence Assistant Exclusive News Trackers Projects Stakeholder Management Directories Pro Analysis Policy Intelligence Briefings Pro Reporting Pro Packages About Pro About Us Who Uses Pro Resource Center Blog FAQs Careers Login LEARN, UNDERSTAND, AND ACT ON THE FORCES SHAPING U.S. POLICY From Washington to state capitals, POLITICO Pro provides the intelligence professionals need to navigate and influence the business of government. Learn more Exclusive News News Takeaways from Russell Vought’s confirmation hearing Analysis Analysis AI laws surge in states as Trump signs executive order to halt them Analysis Analysis When Congress convenes in 2026 Product Product Directories California Power, National Impact We’ve tripled our California newsroom to 20+ dedicated reporters — making us the state’s largest policy team and giving us the unmatched ability to tie Sacramento’s decisions to national outcomes in real time. Backed by powerful policy tools, Pro delivers more than headlines. Explore the full policy picture in one platform: unrivaled reporting, real-time tools, and expert analysis that help you anticipate what’s next. Learn more Overview Your all-inclusive edge for sharp strategy. As a leading public affairs software, POLITICO Pro gives you the inside scoop on the public policy and players that matter most to you. Stay informed and ahead with to-the-point news and automatic tracking of government affairs and policy. Keep pace with the help of experts who act as an extension of your team. With this kind of elite access, you can be a leader in your policy arena. Watch Video 1 Deep Policy Areas 1 + Articles Every Day 1 + Expert Field Reporters 1 k+ Data Visualizations Get custom policy news, alerts, government directories, legislation tracking, and more—POLITICO subject matter experts cover 22 government policy areas to help push your policy goals forward. Watch Video Made for policy pros Find your place as

a policy purveyor. Whether you’re a lobbyist, executive, consultant, researcher, strategist, or analyst, POLITICO Pro has what you need to power successful policy—anywhere. ANALYSTS Digestible details to support team success. POLITICO Pro gives analysts everything they need—relevant, real-time news, insights, and state and federal legislative analysis, public administration, regulation, and government initiatives. Personalized feeds deliver news as it happens, and easy-to-use tools for cross-referencing related bills and regulations help give analysts and other public affairs professionals everything they need to dive deep while still seeing the big picture. RESEARCHERS See more with relevant research resources. POLITICO Pro is a comprehensive public affairs software for state and federal news with robust research tools that can cross-reference related bills, campaigns, regulations, and more. Researchers in public policy and issues management can easily access information that covers the entire spectrum of legislation and news, along with a complete directory of legislators, staffers, and committees. Customized news feeds help bring relevant information only when it’s needed, so research can quickly inform successful policy. LOBBYISTS Targeted insights for lobbying ahead of the curve. POLITICO Pro is a powerful public policy and issues management platform lobbyists and firms can use to get deep insights into developing policy changes and the legislators behind them. Government affairs teams and policy professionals can stay informed with news tailored to their industry so they can effectively be in the know and influence in real time. Pro also acts as a research assistant, providing a comprehensive directory of state and federal officials and staffers. CONSULTANTS A Trusted view for client support. POLITICO Pro provides consultants with real-time updates on legislation, regulations, and policies so they can advise confidently and accurately. With a customized news feed focused on their area of interest, consultants gain a non-partisan view of news that matters to them and their clients. Augmented by robust tools for research and a complete directory of legislators, staff, and committee members, it brings a near-clairvoyant view that consultants can trust will guide them to winning policy. who uses pro to power their policy politico pro is the gold standard of policy reporting in dc. Software platform features One place for all the policy needs of government affairs teams. POLITICO Pro’s customizable home dashboard makes it easy for you to stay in the know. With resources from trending news and articles to policy explainers and infographics, you have access to key information that’s easy to track, organize, and share. news & analysis Access critical non-partisan news, in-depth analysis, public administration updates, and more from POLITICO journalism. Exclusive, breaking scoops from specialists in your areas of policy help you cut through the clutter and stay away from information overload. A daily breakdown of newsroom updates is delivered to your inbox at 6AM sharp, and key articles are also sent to you throughout the day. directories POLITICO Pro directories are updated daily, covering key decision-makers across Capitol Hill. Whether it’s Congress, state, house, or federal agencies, you’ll have access to the most up-to-date information on stakeholders in your area of interest. POLITICO Pro directories include bios, headshots, committees, and contact information, so you can keep track of critical connections. event calendar Locate events in your policy area with POLITICO Pro’s Calendar Events page. Filter by topic, date, and event type to find events specially tailored to your interests. From executive branch to federal agency engagements, you’ll never miss a beat. POLICY TRACKERS POLITICO Pro is a comprehensive legislative tracking solution. Save time by leveraging Pro trackers, which follow legislation, regulations, and dialogues you care about. Utilize the Legislative Compass, Regulatory Compass, and Dialogue Tracking to seamlessly monitor public comments, gain insight into the rulemaking process, and access bill texts and actions on the legislation most important to you. documents Obtain original source documents in the POLITICO Pro document drawer, including transcripts, agency documents, and bill texts. A one-stop shop for critical information simplifies policy tracking and research, so you can quickly cue into movement throughout your area of expertise. Pro Analysis Pro Analysis helps you understand the power, market, and policy dynamics that affect your policy priorities, with tools to help you create the change you need. Pro Issue Analysis, Pro Data Analysis, and Pro Bill Analysis offer simplified explanations of complex policy topics, while Stakeholder Analysis provides an integrated way to identify, track, and engage with the Congressional influencers needed to impact your desired outcomes. stakeholder management Identify, track, and engage a network of influencers and organizations that are crucial to achieving your policy goals. Whether you’re looking to bolster corporate or organizational image, or develop new relationships, POLITICO Pro’s stakeholder management and stakeholder engagement capabilities help you move forward with a clear way to connect and make the most of opportunities in legislation. pro briefings Tune in to your key policy areas with POLITICO Pro’s briefings, directly from reporting experts. Delivering insights on everything from elections to energy, health care, defense, finance, or technology verticals, briefings are a succinct source of content that helps you understand the current state of your area of interest. Briefings are delivered in a weekly cadence. Agriculture Budget & Appropriations Campaigns Cannabis Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Employment & Immigration Energy Financial Services Health Care Sustainability Tax Technology Trade Transportation California Canada Florida New Jersey New York policy experts build your policy plan with access to 300+ experts and 1,000+ topics. See more Victoria Guida Economics Reporter David Lim Healthcare Medical Devices Reporter Alex Nieves California Reporter Bianca Quilantan Education Reporter Live a day as a pro. Whether you’re a United States lobbyist, consultant, researcher, or analyst, POLITICO Pro can help you stay informed and craft winning policy. Start Your Free Trial AgencyIQ by POLITICO E&E News by POLITICO Privacy Policy Terms of Service Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Pro Features Policy Intelligence Assistant Exclusive News Trackers Projects Stakeholder Management Directories Pro Analysis Policy Intelligence Briefings Pro Reporting Pro Packages About Pro About Us Who uses Pro Resource Center Blog FAQs Careers Try A Demo AgencyIQ by POLITICO E&E News by POLITICO Privacy Policy Terms of Service Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Ⓒ 2025 POLITICOPro Copy link Copy Copied Powered by Social Snap