Crowdsignal | Surveys, Polls, and Quizzes | Get the responses you need, anywhere Skip to content Features Pricing Login There are signals in the noise. Find them. Start asking, start listening, start learning. Try it free Creating surveys and polls should be simple and fast. You have things to get done. You need info to do them well. Drag and drop your way to a survey or poll in minutes. A simple tool, but surprisingly powerful. Get started Surveys should look exactly how you want. Customize the look and feel of your surveys and polls -- match your brand, pick your favorite color. Choose one of our pre-made themes, or build one from scratch. Get started Share your questions everywhere. Collect responses anywhere. Put your polls and surveys everywhere your audience is:  WordPress, Twitter, and Facebook. You can even share interactive polls and surveys via email. Get started Analyze your results and export them wherever you want. We've made it easy to export your poll and survey results to apps like Google Sheets and Excel. You have full control over your data. Get started Send out interactive surveys via email and other great features... ...like poll restrictions, data filters, multi-language support and more. We've built these to be very useful but in a way that will never hold you back. Crowdsignal is a tool that feels simple, but is surprisingly powerful. Get started You're in Good Company Built by the People Behind WordPress.com Established in 2008. Here to stay. Crowdsignal is built by Automattic, the company behind WordPress.com, WooCommerce, Tumblr and more. We’re not going anywhere, so neither is your data. Learn more We Call Them Happiness Engineers. Ready to support you. Automattic is a distributed team working from all around the world, so it’s always business hours for some of our more than 250 Happiness Engineers . Reach out to them anytime and they'll be happy to help. Get support Product Dashboard WordPress Plugin Pricing Status Learn Blog Tutorials Community Resources Help Center Press FAQs Developers Other Contact us Follow us on Twitter Privacy Policy Terms of Service Your Privacy Privacy Notice for California Users Powered by WordPress.com Try Crowdsignal An venture Work With Us Subscribe Subscribed Crowdsignal Join 924 other subscribers Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. Crowdsignal Subscribe Subscribed Sign up Log in Copy shortlink Report this content View post in Reader Manage subscriptions Collapse this bar