Pollstar News Charts Data Update Store Schedule Demo Login Subscription Benefits News Charts Data Update Store Schedule Demo Login Subscription Benefits FEATURED Latest News View more Global Live Boxoffice Reports Sell-Through View more View All Stories Get Pollstar News and more delivered right to your inbox with Pollstar Daily Pulse. Sign Up By signing up, you agree to Pollstar’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Unlock Exclusive Industry Insights & Data Weekly with Pollstar Premium Weekly Elevate your knowledge and stay ahead with unparalleled access to our premium weekly insights. Gain exclusive industry knowledge, detailed concert data, venue information, and much more—available only to subscribers. Get Started Pollstar gives you real time stats with Data Cloud Pollstar Data Cloud gives subscribers the ability to search, view, filter and build custom reports based on concert Boxoffice and Route Book data for over 319,000 artists from shows performed from 1999-present. Pollstar Data Cloud also unlocks Pollstar’s Live Entertainment Industry Contact database for viewing, filtering and downloading. Get Started Reporting Add Tour Dates Add your events to the Route Book database where they will be shared with millions of consumers and worldwide data partners. View Reports Update Contact Info Pollstar's Directory listings are relied on by thousands each day. Keep your company's information updated so that new opportunities always find you. Check your current listings by using the search bar at the top of the page. Update Contact Info Add Box Office Report your boxoffice results and generate more concerts, more partnerships and more success. Add Box Office Previous slide Next slide Report to Pollstar You work hard for your shows, your artists, your venues. Timely reporting to Pollstar allows you to reap the full benefits of your creative strategy. Pollstar charts and data powers thousands of decisions every day, so stand up and be counted! The Voice of Live For over 40 years, Pollstar has provided the most up-to-date, relevant, and useful data available for the global concert industry. We deliver an unmatched archive of live entertainment data, a focus on editorial excellence, and the most powerful metrics of entertainment industry success available. Subscription Benefits Pollstar gives you real time stats with Data Cloud Pollstar Data Cloud gives subscribers the ability to search, view, filter and build custom reports based on concert Boxoffice and Route Book data for over 319,000 artists from shows performed from 1999-present. Pollstar Data Cloud also unlocks Pollstar’s Live Entertainment Industry Contact database for viewing, filtering and downloading. Get Started