start [polymake wiki] polymake wiki Tools User Tools Log In Site Tools Recent Changes Media Manager Sitemap Page Tools Show pagesource Old revisions Backlinks Back to top Themes Themes Default Bootswatch Themes Cerulean Cosmo Cyborg Darkly Flatly Journal Lumen Paper Readable Sandstone Simplex Solar Slate Spacelab Superhero United Yeti Log In start Share via Share via... Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Pinterest Telegram WhatsApp Yammer Reddit Recent Changes Send via e-Mail Print Permalink × » try it online! polymake is open source software for research in polyhedral geometry.
      It deals with polytopes, polyhedra and fans as well as simplicial complexes, matroids, graphs, tropical hypersurfaces, and other objects. Supported platforms include various flavors of Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS. News Get Polymake! User Guide Workshops Documentation Questions? Remarks? Get In Touch! Visit our forum Subscribe to the news forum Attend the next polymake workshop Contact the polymake team polymake Callable Library polymake offers a C++ callable library, enabling you to use it from your C++ code directly. Callable library wiki page Software using our callable library polymake Extensions polymake provides interfaces to various mathematical software. It also supports an extension system, allowing users to write and maintain their additions to the polymake code outside the distribution. Extensions Write your own extension! polyhedral data polymake comes with its own dataformat and database interface to the polyDB. Additionally there exist a wide variety of other datasets that can be treated by polymake, but do not fit into the polyDB directly polyDB wiki page polyhedral data overview Research with polymake polymake has been used for various scientific publications, and even is the subject of some. List of publications External software polymake makes use of various external software packages. List of external software Citation If you are using polymake we would like to ask you to cite at least one of the following papers [ BibTeX entries ]: Ewgenij Gawrilow and Michael Joswig. polymake: a framework for analyzing convex polytopes. Polytopes—combinatorics and computation (Oberwolfach, 1997), 43–73, DMV Sem., 29, Birkhäuser, Basel, 2000 . MR1785292 (2001f:52033). Benjamin Assarf, Ewgenij Gawrilow, Katrin Herr, Michael Joswig, Benjamin Lorenz, Andreas Paffenholz and Thomas Rehn. 
            Computing convex hulls and counting integer points with polymake. Math. Program. Comput. 9 (2017), no. 1, 1-38 . MR3613012 Acknowledgements We gratefully acknowledge partial support by DFG within the Priority Program 1489 , SFB-TRR 109 and SFB-TRR 195 .
      Research by M. Joswig is carried out in the framework of Matheon supported by Einstein Foundation Berlin . Become a fan! Get your polymake fan T-shirt here! start.txt Last modified: 2025/07/04 16:48 by lkastner polymake wiki Except where otherwise noted, content on this wiki is licensed under the following license: CC Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 International