Pomodoro Timer Online - Pomofocus Loading... An online Pomodoro Timer to boost your productivity What is Pomofocus? Pomofocus is a customizable pomodoro timer that works on
          desktop & mobile browser. The aim of this app is to help you
          focus on any task you are working on, such as study,
          writing, or coding. This app is inspired by Pomodoro Technique which is a time management method developed by Francesco
          Cirillo. What is Pomodoro Technique? The Pomodoro Technique is created by Francesco Cirillo for a
          more productive way to work and study. The technique uses a
          timer to break down work into intervals, traditionally 25
          minutes in length, separated by short breaks. Each interval
          is known as a pomodoro, from the Italian word for 'tomato',
          after the tomato-shaped kitchen timer that Cirillo used as a
          university student. - Wikipedia How to use the Pomodoro Timer? Add tasks to work on today Set estimate pomodoros (1 = 25min of
            work) for each tasks Select a task to work on Start timer and focus on the task for 25
            minutes Take a break for 5 minutes when the alarm
            ring Iterate 3-5 until you finish the tasks Basic Features Estimate Finish Time: Get an estimate of
            the time required to complete your daily tasks. Add Templates: Save your repetitive tasks
            as templates and add them with just one click. Visual Reports: See how much time you've
            focused each day, week, and month. Custom Settings: Personalize your
            focus/break time, alarm sounds, background sounds, and
            more. Premium Features Add Projects: Track how much time you
            spend on each project. Yearly Reports: View your focus hours for
            each year. Download Reports: Download your focus
            history in CSV format. No Template Limit: Save more than 3
            templates. Todoist Integration: Load tasks from your
            Todoist account. Webhook Integration: Connect to other apps (Zapier, IFTTT, etc). No Ads: Enjoy a clean and
            distraction-free app experience. Download App For Mac: pomofocus-1.2.0-mac.dmg For Windows: pomofocus-1.1.0-win-x64.zip For Linux: pomofocus-1.1.0-lin-amd64.zip Important: For Windows, you may see a warning message about the app being unsafe. This is because the app is not signed with a developer certificate. For Windows, you can proceed by clicking "Details" and then "Run anyway". HOME PRIVACY TERMS COMMERCE CONTACT SIMPLE PAGE Made with ❤️ by Yuya Uzu ©Pomofocus 2019-2025. All Rights Reserved.