Home | Pomona College in Claremont, California - Pomona College Skip to main content Main Navigation Admissions & Aid Academics Life @ Pomona Home News & Events About Alumni & Families Give today Quicklinks & Search Menu Close Main navigation Admissions & Aid Academics Life @ Pomona Home News & Events About Alumni & Families Search Go Quicklinks Quicklinks A-Z Directory Athletics Campus Map Catalog Dining Menus Give Today Pages for... Audience Navigation New Students Students Faculty Staff Quicklinks & Search Search Go Quicklinks Quicklinks (Mobile) A-Z Directory Athletics Campus Map Catalog Dining Menus Give Today Pages for... Pages For… New Students Students Faculty Staff Close Menu Home This video has no audio. Daring scholarship, caring community Pomona's Distinctive Path Majors & Minors Admissions & Financial Aid Life at Pomona A Strong Launch into Life Pomona College is a close-knit and diverse community of accomplished scholars, scientists, entrepreneurs and artists who are passionate about making a difference in the world. WATCH: Faculty and Student Research Faculty Intellectual Opportunity Classes are small, so students and faculty can build close relationships, delve into research and explore across academic fields. More than half of all Pomona students work closely with professors in research projects, receiving academic and financial support for a deeper approach to learning. WATCH: Faculty and Student Research Living at Pomona Life at Pomona The Power of Place More than 90% of our students live on campus here in Southern California all four years, and many professors live within five miles of campus. New collaborations or discussions can spring up anywhere – a residence hall, club meeting or at lunch with a professor. Living at Pomona Make a Gift Join the Flock! Support Pomona Students and Unlock the 2025 Winter Giving Challenge Calling all Sagehens! When 1,470 individuals make a gift of any size by Dec. 31, the College’s Board of Trustees will donate an additional $547,000 — directly benefiting current students. Chirp in today! Make a Gift Center for Global Engagement Strategic Vision Center for Global Engagement Engaging with the wider world is central to the Pomona College experience. In the years ahead, a new Center for Global Engagement will rise at the heart of our campus. Center for Global Engagement News from Pomona Sagehens Shine in 2025: The Year that Was at Pomona Thursday, December 18, 2025 Four New Students Reflect on Their First Semester at Pomona Wednesday, December 17, 2025 Pomona Students Get Inside Look at the San Francisco Fed Wednesday, December 17, 2025 Danielle Lynch Named Athletic Director of Pomona and Pitzer Colleges Monday, December 15, 2025 Figure Skater Jared Sedlis ’29 Jumps into Life at Pomona Thursday, December 11, 2025 Sign Up to Receive News From Pomona See All News Connect with us at #Pomona Explaining Our Fascination with Witches | Office Hours with Prof. Aidyn Osgood Exploring Pomona’s Best Outdoor Study Spots Study Tips From Pomona College Students Pomona College Without Trending Audio 47 Lecture Brings Origami Master to Pomona In the News Faculty in the Media Prof. Char Miller on How Climate Change is Killing the Myth of Los Angeles Wednesday, December 3, 2025 Prof. Esther Hernández-Medina on Men Who Want to Change Men Tuesday, December 2, 2025 Prof. Robert Gaines on How Volcanic Ash Turned to a Fossilizing Force Tuesday, November 25, 2025 In the News Featured Events Want to know what's coming up? Subscribe to our Events Newsletter to get the latest information on upcoming Pomona College-sponsored events. Want to know what's coming up? Subscribe to our Events Newsletter to get the latest information on upcoming Pomona College-sponsored events. Have an Event You Want to Share? Running a Pomona Event you want us to know about? Submit your event here. See All Events Center for Global Engagement Strategic Vision Center for Global Engagement Engaging with the wider world is central to the Pomona College experience. In the years ahead, a new Center for Global Engagement will rise at the heart of our campus. Center for Global Engagement Mailing Address Pomona College 333 N. College Way Claremont , CA 91711 Get in touch Contact (909) 621-8000 Contact Us Connect Social media  links Instagram Twitter Tiktok LinkedIn Youtube Facebook Footer The Arts Athletics Directory Accessibility Location & Maps Emergency Employment Social Media Directory TCCS Give back to Pomona Support Pomona Part of The Claremont Colleges Legal ©2025 Pomona College Privacy Nondiscrimination Feedback