Pontera | Financial Advisor Software for 401k Management NEW: Open letter from CEO Yoav Zurel. Read More Platform Features Integrations Compliance Security Company About Leadership Careers News Solutions Financial advisors Retirement savers Plan sponsors Retirement plan advisors Recordkeepers Resources Advisor resources Defined contribution resources Policy History of your rights Case studies Testimonials Pontera 401(k) literacy survey Retirement trends report Blog Login Contact Login Contact The bridge to better retirement Pontera enables retirement savers to get help managing their 401(k) from their trusted advisor. Serving retirement savers across America with trusted firms See how Pontera helps Professionally managed retirement accounts can grow 75% larger over their lifetime +75% more account growth can be gained with professional help 1 60% of savers want professional help managing retirement accounts 2 Are you a financial professional interested in learning more? Advisors choose Pontera to provide more value to clients Manage Without Custody Provide full in-plan management to client accounts held off of your custodian while using a platform that does not allow you to take custody.  Provide the value of custody without the need for surprise audits. Provide holistic planning Bring more of your clients' accounts into one cohesive strategy. Pontera allows you to monitor and rebalance 401(k), 403(b), and other held away accounts to ensure they are meeting your clients’ needs. Easy asset allocation Optimize tax strategies to grow client wealth. You can allocate your clients’ investments across taxable and tax-deferred accounts more quickly and efficiently by using Pontera for in-plan changes. Consolidate reporting Provide more insight to your clients while simplifying billing. Pontera integrates with Performance Reporting software so advisors can show their clients more of what’s happening in their portfolio. Provide peace of mind Access the ability to rebalance and monitor retirement accounts when it matters most to your clients, and improve client satisfaction by maintaining control during volatile markets or life changes. Reduce compliance concerns Improve compliance with regulations while limiting custody and rollover challenges on held away assets. Using Pontera's audit and supervision capabilities, you can help safeguard client assets and remain compliant. Unlock holistic wealth management 350 5th Avenue, Suite 2400 New York, NY 10118 Platform Features Integrations Compliance Security Company About Leadership Careers News Policy Helpful links Terms of Use Privacy Policy Our Commitment to Client Protection Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Pontera’s services do not provide legal, tax, or other financial or investment advice, and should not be used as a source for making decisions regarding the foregoing. The information provided through Pontera’s platform is not a substitute for professional financial services. Investing in mutual funds, exchange traded funds, or other securities carries inherent risk to all or part of the amount invested and past performance information is not indicative of future returns. Subject to applicable law, under no circumstances will Pontera be liable for any decisions made, or actions taken or not taken, based on the use of the services or for any investment losses suffered as a result of the use of the services. Pontera market data is provided by Refinitiv. © Copyright 2025 Pontera Solutions Inc. All rights reserved