Poool | Engage, Convert and Retain audiences Products expand_more Resources expand_more Success Stories Contact Go to dashboard Book a demo menu Scale your consumer revenue. Faster than ever. We provide digital media with a dynamic journey builder to boost subscription conversion, engagement, and loyalty — delivering autonomy, speed and results. Poool helps 150+ publishers worldwide move faster, from strategy to implementation and endless experimentation Gate content with paywalls, registration walls, data walls, cookie walls… check Dynamically convert anonymous visitors into leads, members and subscribers. check Segment your audience based on content type, reader propensity score, device, source of traffic, location… check Complete control to edit and optimize your conversion journeys with just a drag & a drop Discover Poool Access Increase reader engagement, subscription propensity and retention rates with on-site & on-app widgets check Build engagement elements in any format: pop-up, banner, content block, full screen... check Integrate newsletter sign-up elements, onboarding journeys and anti-churn actions check Configure display conditions to target elements with deep granularity Discover Poool Engage Client testimonials Poool’s consultancy has been an incredible bonus for us - the team has
      provided us with invaluable strategic advice and has supported us in
      building and following our testing roadmap. The consultancy team has also
      been an asset for our day-to-day running of the tool, always ready with
      best practice recommendations. Emilie Courmont - Digital Acquisition - EBRA Group A perfect-suited solution to acquire leads, engage audiencers and convert
      your visitors, Poool allows us to test & learn with ease and continuously
      develop our strategy. The tool is in constant evolution, constantly
      offering us new features and designs (that can be slightly tricky to
      master based on your goals). Ava Gabard - Head of Marketing - Global Média Santé Alternatives-Economiques.fr managed to triple the size of its subscribers
      base in the last 3 years. Using the Poool platform has been a huge help to
      achieve our goals. It allowed us to test and deploy effective paywall
      strategies really fast. Frédéric Désiles - Strategy and Marketing Director - Alter Eco The addition of Poool to my clients website has been the missing piece of
      the puzzle! It's been a key element in reinforcing the marketing funnel we
      put in place to drive email signups and subscriptions, and the results
      have been great so far. Buster Manston - Digital Marketing & Content Manager - WDDTY The Moneyweb team were able to set up a new strategy in just 10 days
      between our onboarding call & deploying our new paywall online! Marieka van Vuuren - Head of Development - MoneyWeb Ready to convert your audience into leads, members and subscribers? Let’s book you in for a free demo! Book a demo Adapted advice from our team of industry experts. Products and pricing to match your business needs. Free estimation of your ROI and recommended next steps. Book a demo Poool's newsletter Poool's newsletter doesn't share news... only insights, benchmarks, best practices and strategic advice from our consultancy experts for you to better engage and convert your audience. Email address Sign up Sign up I agree that my email address is registered in order to receive newsletters and emailings from Poool. Our blog helps you be better at work Interested in finding out more about subscription and registration strategies? Want to optimize your content business and turn your audience into business? Then look no further! White Paper: KPIs to Follow for a Successful Paywall and Subscription Strategy There are endless lists of KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) online, persuading businesses that they should be measuring every. single. one. 🥵

Not only would this be hugely time consuming, but it wo... Find out more arrow_forward Poool vs in-house: why choose Poool over an in-house solution? Choosing between outsourcing tech or building an in-house solution can be a challenging decision for many digital publishers. But we’re here to help you make the choice and (hopefully) allow you to di... Find out more arrow_forward White Paper: How to Launch a Paywall and Digital Subscription Strategy. Across all content producers and providers, from digital press to e-learning, VOD and audio streaming sites, subscription-based models are on the rise and consumers are increasingly prepared to pay. S... Find out more arrow_forward What is a Paywall? - Definition and Examples. Considering the continued fall in print and ad revenues, paired with the rise in content consumption online, it’s no surprise that paywalls are becoming increasingly employed by content producers onli... Find out more arrow_forward Home Poool Access Poool Engage Poool Flow Book a demo Technical documentation north_east The Audiencers Blog Partners Help center Connect to the dashboard north_east Subscribe to our newsletter Email address Sign up Sign up I agree that my email address is registered in order to receive newsletters and emailings from Poool. Legal notices Conditions Terms Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2025 🤘 Poool has been connecting publishers & readers since 2016.