Pop!_OS by System76 Skip to main content Toggle menu Compare Search Contact Log in or Register Cart Search Search Laptops Desktops Workstations mini Servers keyboards components pop!_os merch specials Log in or Register You're in Control Unleash your potential on a Linux operating system made to be productive and personal. Meet Pop!_OS Over 1 million people love using Pop!_OS Productivity: The Pop!_OS Difference Pop!_OS is designed to remove obstacles from your plate. Updates are fast and flexible to your schedule, apps and windows respond quickly to your actions, and multi-monitor use feels intuitive and smooth. Get Productive Yours with a Click Pop!_OS enables the working environments you need to stay focused and thrive — from navigational features to visual elements. Empower teams with vastly different preferences and technical experience across the same systems. Discover Customization Secure By Design Enjoy full-disk encryption where only you hold the key to your computer. Pop!_OS collects zero user data, and includes  memory-safe code that minimizes vulnerability. Lock It Down Software, Supercharged Install thousands of software tools in seconds, and watch them fly on your System76 computer. Any tools compatible with Ubuntu can run on Pop!_OS. Discover Software Compatibility POP!_OS AND SYSTEM76 THE COMPLETE EXPERIENCE Laptops High-performance laptops Desktops Powerful desktops Workstations Designed for intense tasks Keyboards Type at warp speed ADDITIONAL FEATURES Applets Available in the Store, applets bring even more features to your OS. Add them to your dock or panel for easy access. Auto-tiling Windows arrange themselves on your screen. Adjust to your liking with the mouse or keyboard. Power Profiles Prioritize battery life or high performance from the battery applet on your System76 laptop. Gaming Access your Steam library from a system where games shine. Play your favorites with ease—no fussing with drivers. ADVOCATES OF OPEN SOURCE About System76 Built for User Freedom Pop!_OS is engineered and designed in-house by System76, the US computer manufacturer. From our factory in Colorado, we craft open source software, repairable computers, and airtight firmware—with the aim of empowering users' ambitions on the best-quality product we can muster. Our mission Get Started Pop!_OS is free to download, and liberating to use. Get started with this powerful OS and take to the stars. Pop! KB Shortcuts Pop! Chat Github Close × ! OK Cancel × Subscribe Select one or more options below to subscribe. Email Address * New Hardware Announcements Company News and Stories Pop!_OS & COSMIC Announcements Sales and Promotions Your email address will be used in accordance with our privacy policy . Contact Shipping Careers About Us Sustainability Privacy & Legal Blog Donate Subscribe for updates on products, OS features, and promotions. Subscribe Copyright © 2025 System76, Inc. * Financing issued by WebBank, member FDIC and serviced by Klarna. See terms. Intel, the Intel Logo, Intel Core, Iris, and Xeon are trademarks of
            Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other
            countries.