Skip to main content
search
contact
log in or register
laptops
desktops
workstations
mini
servers
keyboards
components
pop!_os
merch
specials
You're in Control

Unleash your potential on a Linux operating system made to be productive and personal.

MEET POP!_OS
Over 1 million people love using Pop!_OS
Productivity: The Pop!_OS Difference

Pop!_OS is designed to remove obstacles from your plate. Updates are fast and flexible to your schedule, apps and windows respond quickly to your actions, and multi-monitor use feels intuitive and smooth.

GET PRODUCTIVE 
Yours with a Click

Pop!_OS enables the working environments you need to stay focused and thrive — from navigational features to visual elements. Empower teams with vastly different preferences and technical experience across the same systems.

DISCOVER CUSTOMIZATION 
Secure By Design

Enjoy full-disk encryption where only you hold the key to your computer. Pop!_OS collects zero user data, and includes memory-safe code that minimizes vulnerability.

LOCK IT DOWN 
Software, Supercharged

Install thousands of software tools in seconds, and watch them fly on your System76 computer. Any tools compatible with Ubuntu can run on Pop!_OS.

DISCOVER SOFTWARE COMPATIBILITY 

POP!_OS AND SYSTEM76

THE COMPLETE EXPERIENCE
Laptops

High-performance laptops

Desktops

Powerful desktops

Workstations

Designed for intense tasks

Keyboards

Type at warp speed

ADDITIONAL FEATURES
Applets

Available in the Store, applets bring even more features to your OS. Add them to your dock or panel for easy access.

Auto-tiling

Windows arrange themselves on your screen. Adjust to your liking with the mouse or keyboard.

Power Profiles

Prioritize battery life or high performance from the battery applet on your System76 laptop.

Gaming

Access your Steam library from a system where games shine. Play your favorites with ease—no fussing with drivers.

ADVOCATES OF OPEN SOURCE

ABOUT SYSTEM76
Built for User Freedom

Pop!_OS is engineered and designed in-house by System76, the US computer manufacturer. From our factory in Colorado, we craft open source software, repairable computers, and airtight firmware—with the aim of empowering users' ambitions on the best-quality product we can muster.

OUR MISSION 
GET STARTED

Pop!_OS is free to download, and liberating to use. Get started with this powerful OS and take to the stars.

Pop! KB Shortcuts
Pop! Chat
Github

Contact
Shipping
Careers
About Us
Sustainability
Privacy & Legal
Blog
Donate

Subscribe for updates on products, OS features, and promotions.

SUBSCRIBE

Copyright © 2025 System76, Inc.
* Financing issued by WebBank, member FDIC and serviced by Klarna. See terms.
Intel, the Intel Logo, Intel Core, Iris, and Xeon are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries.

We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to collect data to improve your shopping experience.

Settings
Reject all
Accept All Cookies