PopularFX – The easiest feature rich WordPress Theme with 400 templates Download PopularFX Templates Subscribe to our Newsletter for WordPress related news and tutorials and get a 25% discount ! Subscribe and Download By entering your email, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to our Newsletter for WordPress related news and tutorials and get a 25% discount ! Also keep yourself up-to-date of all the templates we add monthly. Subscribe to PopularFX Newsletters New year Offer 35% Off Offer Expired Days Hours Minutes Seconds COUPON CODE - NEWYEAR PopularFX Home Features Templates Premium Pricing Plugin Docs Blog Contact Download Easily Build your WordPress Website Your Website is the window of your business. Keep it fresh. Keep it exciting. PopularFX WordPress Theme has so many exciting features to create a beautiful websites. Learn More Designs from more than 650+ templates PopularFX WordPress theme comes with a page builder which provides you with powerful 650+ designed templates and 1000+ pre made sections and tools which simplifies your website building process. View Templates Exciting Features of PopularFX WordPress Theme PopularFX WordPress theme is simple yet powerful for any type of website. Popularfx comes with page builder which has so many designing options and tools which helps you create website fast and easily. Visual editing enables you to design your website layout exactly how you want. Live Editing Visual design makes it easier to design website with drag and drop feature. Google Fonts Use our integrated Google fonts for your modern style and professional layout. Typography Beautify your page headings and title with variety of typography options. Responsive PopularFX have a fully responsive layout and it will fit your desktop screen, all the way down to your smartphone. Some of our new themes Academy Associate Conceptial Coffeeshop Coverdesk Codevista Eatlist Opportunity Design Your Homepage Blog Page Header Footer Easily build your website using our  PopularFX theme.  You can design all the pages of your website with our drag and drop feature which allows you to create your website faster and attractive. Salient features of PopularFX WordPress Theme Drag & Drop Design your page by simply dragging widget from given choices of PopularFX widgets. In-line Editing In-line editing feature makes it easy to add/remove text by simply click on any text and start typing. Visual Effects Create your page more attractive with animation effects that trigger when element is in display area. Revision, Undo & Redo Easily Undo, Redo your changes and travel through all your editing history with Revision Control. Excellent Performance PopularFX theme has created in a way so it can load pages faster. With less use of code theme is lightweight and provides great performance Easily Customizable Fully customizable widgets helps design beautiful pages with options such as font colors, sizing, animation and spacing. PopularFX WordPress Basic Widgets Row Coloumns Title Rich Text Quote List Icon Badge Tooltip Image Image Slider Grid Gallery Star Rating Button Video Tabs Accordian Collapse Space Embed Shortcode Google Map Testimonial Progress Bars Color Block Alert Divider Social Profile Image Box Icon Box Counter Anchor PopularFX WordPress Pro Widgets Image Hotspot Video Slider Call To Action Modal Splash Screen Chart Countdown Timer Pricing Table Contact Form Testimonial Slider Button Group Download Button Social Share Audio Table Posts Post Portfolio Slides Login Animated Heading Menu List Flipbox Reviews Facebook Button Facebook Embed Facebook Comments Facebook Page Templates Post Title Post Excerpt Post Content Featured Image Author Box Post Comments Post Navigation Post Info Search Form Breadcrumb Sitemap Site Title Primary Menu Best Responsive WordPress Theme PopularFX WordPress theme is free and fully customizable responsive theme. It comes with drag and drop page builder with many free  customizable widgets which helps you create website with ease. Unlock unlimited possibilities on upgrading to PopularFX premium to design your creative website. Download Here Select your pricing plan Personal $ 59 Per Year For 1 Site All 650+ Templates Includes Pagelayer Pro 50+ Pro Widgets Support for 1 year Updates for 1 year Buy Now Professional $ 89 Per Year For 5 Sites All 650+ Templates Includes Pagelayer Pro 50+ Pro Widgets Support for 1 year Updates for 1 year Buy Now Business $ 249 Per Year For All Sites All 650+ Templates Includes Pagelayer Pro 50+ Pro Widgets Support for 1 year Updates for 1 year Buy Now What Our Clients Says These guys are great and have gone the extra mile for me, so a big thank you to all of the team ? These guys created a specific template for my business which saved me so much time - I can now edit the template which is fantastic and get it up and running on google. All I can say is WOW! give them a try - you won't be disappointed Jan Makin Web Developer (stemcellactivationpatches.com) PopularFX and Pagelayer both are very nice content management plugins. I would recommend this to all WordPress agencies. Its fast, simple and gets the work done easily. Jim Holden Web Developer Subscribe PopularFX Best wordpress theme to create beautiful and responsive website. The PopularFX Theme and PopularFX Templates Plugin is licensed under LGPL v2.1 © 2021 PopularFX Our Products Softaculous Virtualizor SitePad Webuzo Pagelayer Loginizer wpCentral AMPPS Repositery Support Documentation Help Center Contact Us About Home Features Templates Premium Pricing Plugin Docs Blog Pro vs Free Open Modal Box Newsletter Subscription Subscribing you to the mailing list