University of Portsmouth | University of Portsmouth Skip to main content Go to home page Secondary menu Portsmouth London Current students Library Staff Toggle menu Main navigation Menu Close Open Days Study Study All courses Undergraduate Master's and postgraduate taught PhDs and postgraduate research Browse courses by subject Connected Degrees® London campus Online courses Clearing Virtual experience January start courses International students Professional and flexible learning Short courses and CPD Exchanges and study abroad Dual degrees ICP Foundation Year courses Learn a foreign language for free Student life Student life Student accommodation Life outside study Why choose Portsmouth? Careers and employment Guidance and support Coming to uni Life on campus Thinking about uni Make a payment Chat to our students Graduation Research Research Research centres and institutes Research areas Research impact Research projects Our Research and innovation culture Research seminars Our experts Work with us PhD and research degrees Research Excellence Framework 2029 Collaborate Collaborate Business Coworking and office space Schools and colleges Our partnerships Our community Procurement and suppliers News News News Events Blogs Podcasts Webinars Press and Media Find an expert Global About us About us Our ambition Our story Our faculties Structure and governance Our facilities Working at Portsmouth Publications Key dates Alumni Contact us Secondary menu Portsmouth London Current students Library Staff Toggle Search dropdown Search suggestions update instantly to match the search query. Go to home page University of Portsmouth It's time to apply Beat the UCAS deadline Find your course Want to visit before the January UCAS deadline? Join a Guided Campus Tour 7 or 10 January 2026 Book today Looking for a postgraduate course? Discover why Portsmouth is for you Browse our postgraduate courses Postgraduate Virtual Open Day Join us online 11 February Book your place today We're here for you every step of the way Portsmouth: Your time, your place. Book an Open Day See our courses We've got the perfect placement to suit you Connect your course directly to your future career Play Only Portsmouth has Connected Degrees Only Portsmouth has Connected Degrees Weigh up the pros and pros of Portsmouth’s unique Connected Degrees. Pro: 3 years with friends. Pro: Explore more options. Pro: Launch your career. It’s all win. Find your Connected Degree View transcript Onscreen text reads: Introducing Connected Degrees. 3 year course with a 4th year placement. Connect your course directly to your future career. Portsmouth is the only UK university to give students this option. Traditional unis only offer a placement in your 3rd year. At Portsmouth, you can prioritise what matters to you. Career-ready Take the extra time to find your perfect placement. Community Stay with the same friends throughout your studies. Support Glide into professional life with full university support. Flexibility If you prefer, you can still choose a 3rd year placement. You’ll graduate at the end of your 4th year, whether it’s study or placement. UK students can start a Connected Degree from September 2024. Connect your degree to your ambitions at Portsmouth. Explore the UK’s only 3 year course with 4th year placement. Discover Connected Degrees. We'll support you to the next level Explore your postgraduate journey. Master's and postgraduate taught courses Postgraduate research degrees and PhDs We're in two great locations No matter which campus you choose, you'll gain vital skills, broaden your knowledge, and form lasting connections. Portsmouth campus Experience outstanding teaching and a strong sense of community in a vibrant city when you choose to study in Portsmouth. Explore our Portsmouth campus London campus Bring your ambitions to the University of Portsmouth’s London campus. Our courses are career-focused, flexible, and designed for a city that never stops. Explore our London campus We're a top 3 modern university for research power We respond to challenges, influence policy, and help change the world for the better with our global research. Our research and innovation Our impact We're making headlines Read more of our latest news. Portsmouth academic with rare cancer wins national award for campaigning work A University of Portsmouth academic who discovered she had a rare cancer during a routine GP visit was on Wednesday evening awarded a prestigious national honour for her campaigning work. 7 November 2025 8 Read more Retired GP discovers three new dinosaur species on the Isle of Wight and proves you’re never too old to do a PhD 68-year-old retired GP has discovered not one, but three new species of dinosaur, rewriting part of Britain’s prehistoric story in the process. 3 November 2025 Read more Ultimate precision in measuring multiple light parameters with new quantum sensing approach Development could lead to technological advancements - from biological diagnostics to gravitational wave detection 10 November 2025 8 minutes Read more We love staying connected We’re here for you as you step into your future, offering opportunities for growth, connection, and impact. Explore our alumni community Collaborate with us Back to top Footer 1 Courses Open Days Order a prospectus January start courses Accommodation London campus Footer 2 Our Academic Structure Our staff Do a PhD with us Studying while working Research and Innovation How we can help your business Footer 3 Key Dates News, Events, and Blogs Jobs Schools and colleges Our global outlook Brexit - Information for students Footer 4 About us Faculties Maps and directions Company information Make a payment Sustainability Footer Hygiene Cookie policy Modern slavery statement Privacy policy Website terms and conditions Accessibility statement Contact us Current students Portsmouth campus London campus Library Sport at Portsmouth Staff Portsmouth address Mercantile House University of Portsmouth Hampshire Terrace Portsmouth PO1 2EG London campus Juniper House 221 Hoe Street Walthamstow London E17 9PH United Kingdom © 2025 University of Portsmouth