Instructure: Leading EdTech for K–12, Higher Ed & Business Skip to main content Utility-inst Partners The EdTech Collective Channel Partners Support Login Canvas Canvas Credentials Student ePortfolio Mastery Connect Elevate Data Sync LearnPlatform by Instructure Try Canvas Free EN Close modal Select your location English North America Español Español English Asia-Pacific Italiano Italiano English United Kingdom Nederlands Dutch Deutsch Deutsch Português Português 日本語 Japanese 한국어 Korean Reset language preference Clear redirect preference Menu Main - inst Main Menu Why Instructure Why Instructure Instructure is greater than the sum of its parts: It's where the best edtech, the best partners, and the best community unite. Read more Ecosystem Overview Connected solutions for learning, assessment, and credentials support success at every stage of education. Our Partners Our ecosystem is open for innovation. Meet the industry's most extensive network of vetted partners. Our Community Collaborate, innovate, and succeed with fellow educators and technologists in the ultra-engaged Instructure Community. Our Customers See who's transforming teaching and learning through future-ready technology. Featured Resource Blog Simplifying Digital Learning with Seamless Canvas Integration Learn more Solutions K-12 Your source for K–12 tools and insights Higher Education A digital hub for higher education Business and Government Tools to upskill teams and streamline certifications Back K–12 Amplify teaching and improve learning with comprehensive K–12 LMS solutions. Learn more Solutions by Need Teaching and Learning Comprehensive Assessment Leadership Development Back Higher Education Simplify course delivery, boost retention, and improve academic outcomes. Learn More Solutions by Need Teaching and Learning Data and Insights Student Engagement and Success Competency-Based Education Continuing Education and Career Readiness Back Business and Government Drive real results with learning solutions for businesses and government agencies. Learn More Solutions by Need Employee Development Customer Education Member Training High School Equivalency Featured Resource eBook Your Guide to Choosing a Learning Management System Learn more Products Canvas The world's most-loved LMS Mastery Standards-aligned assessments Parchment Secure, verified credentials Platform Enhancements AI, insights, analytics, and more Back Canvas Deliver dynamic learning experiences to every student, everywhere. Learn more Studio Catalog Back Mastery Inform and improve teaching and learning with high-quality assessments and actionable insights. Learn more Assessments Item Bank Back Parchment Help institutions manage records, employers verify skills, and learners access opportunity. Learn more Award Pathways Services Back Platform Enhancements Improve edtech use, instruction, and outcomes with smart tools and smart insights. LearnPlatform Impact Intelligent Insights IgniteAI Services Featured Resource eBook Laying the Groundwork for Effective Edtech Learn more Resources The Resource Center Find answers and education inspiration in our Resource Center. Learn more AI Resources Blogs Case Studies Ebooks & Buyer’s Guides Infographics Podcast Product Overviews Research Videos Connect Drop us a line, give us a call, or get in touch with one of our regional offices. Newsroom Press Releases Canvas Network Events On-Demand Webinars InstructureCon 2025 InstructureCon 2026 Featured Resource Webinar Migration Myth Busting: The Truth About Switching Your LMS Watch on-demand About Us Our Mission Our mission is to help learners thrive in tomorrow’s landscape by delivering a future-ready ecosystem. Company Overview The makers of Canvas LMS, Instructure is an education technology company that's obsessed with student success. Leadership Meet the folks leading Instructure's mission. Careers Learn about our company, check out our open positions, and come join our crew of smart, fun, innovative people. Featured Resource Case Study Supporting One of the Largest Sports Organizations with Canvas LMS Learn more Let's Connect Utility-inst-Login-only Login Canvas Canvas Credentials Student ePortfolio Mastery Connect Elevate Data Sync LearnPlatform by Instructure Preparing educators and learners for the challenges and opportunities ahead . Let's connect Welcome to the most-visited education website in the world. We love numbers here at Instructure, and it just so happens they love us back. Here are a few of our favorites: 8000+ customers We have customers all over the globe—in over 100 countries, in fact. 18.6M+ unique visitors annually Instructure hosts the world's largest online community of educators and edtechnologists. #1 LMS in the world Yes, we make Canvas—the LMS that's simple to use, easy to love, and built for a lifetime of learning. 2B assessment scores created via Mastery That's a whole lot of formative, predictive, and college prep work. 6.7K K–12 schools love Parchment It's the preferred platform for enrollment, records management, and credentialing. Solutions for every age, stage, and transitional moment K–12 A lot changes between that K and that 12. Our ecosystem supports every student, in any learning environment. See how Higher education Our solutions keep educators at the forefront of modern teaching and learning, helping them ensure student success in a changing world. See how Business and government The best places to work prioritize learning and growth. And our tools make it more intuitive, engaging, and effective. See how Explore the Instructure ecosystem Our capabilities, partner network, services, and community are here to help you create your ideal edtech environment and deliver on important outcomes. Take a look We're dreaming big, so you can, too. We love our customers (and the feeling is mutual) The results in Mastery are so immediate. Teachers can use the data immediately to determine the next instructional steps. Claudia Avery Deputy Superintendent, Fairfield County Schools By moving to Canvas, we knew we were setting ourselves up for the future. We pride ourselves on being an innovative school. We needed a platform that could match us, that could grow with us. Josh Blumberg Director of Academic Tech, Champlain College Canvas is much more user-friendly than many other learning management systems. And then, of course, Canvas has a reputation that once people move to Canvas, they never switch to a different LMS, and that reputation was a key component for us. Erin Schalk Educational Programs Lead, Braille Institute I say this to anyone who asks: It was the best third-party implementation we’ve ever had. Period. I can’t believe how much impact Parchment Data Automation has had. Molly McDermott-Fallon Assistant Vice Provost & University Registrar, University of Cincinnati We needed a way to back up and secure our course content and data–and that's what we got. With Canvas Archiving powered by K16 Solutions, we can secure our student data, stay compliant, and remain in good standing for accreditation purposes. Sam Kelly LMS & Senior Systems Administrator at Seminole State College of Florida Accolades from the education world Oh, this? Silly us—we didn't even realize our trophy case was in the background! More partners and integrations than any other edtech company And not just any partners and integrations. The best in the business. Explore the marketplace Success stories and resources Lifelong Learning Report: Trends and Insights from K–12 to Career Learning today is a continuous journey. Explore what's needed to create an environment where every learner can flourish—no matter where they are in their educational path. Learn more In It Together: The Road to Career and College Readiness Learn how Passaic County Technical Vocational Schools added an integrated assessment experience within Canvas to paint a more holistic picture of student learning. Learn more Wyoming: Providing Equitable Access Statewide With Canvas In collaboration with the University of Wyoming and five community colleges, the Wyoming Department of Education created a unified K–20 experience for students and teachers. Learn more Your Guide to Strengthening the Student Experience Student success continues to evolve, but let's define what student success looks like today and outline four ways to meet the demand for student-centric learning. Learn more The External Education Playbook If you’re juggling disconnected workflows and tools to deliver a consistent experience for customers, members, or partners, this guide is for you. Learn more Hamilton County Schools and Mastery Using Mastery, Hamilton County Schools in Chattanooga, Tennessee increased student achievement and became the fastest-improving district in the state. Hear their story. Learn more Ready for the next step? Whether you're in the early stages of LMS discovery or your edtech stack just needs some fine-tuning, we're here to help. Let's talk about your goals. No pressure. No fluff. Book a meeting Home North America 6330 S 3000 E, Suite 700 Salt Lake City, UT 84121, USA Europe Rivington House, 82 Great Eastern Street London, England Asia Pacific Bridgetowne, C-5 Road Ugong Norte, Quezon City, Philippines Social LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube ©2025 Instructure, Inc. All rights reserved. Footer Utility Privacy California Privacy Notice Cookie Settings Do Not Sell My Personal Information Modern Slavery Act Acceptable Use Data Processing Status Footer - Inst Why Instructure Why Instructure Instructure Ecosystem Our Partners Our Community Our Customers Security Accessibility Privacy Customers Advocacy Case Studies Community Products Canvas Mastery Parchment All Products Services Solutions K-12 Higher Ed Business and Government About Us Company Overview Leadership Careers AI Principles Contact Us