Posit | The Open-Source Data Science Company Products Products Products Make sense of your data Posit empowers data scientists to use the open-source tools they know and love with the centralized management, security, and support they need at work. Enterprise Posit Connect Share dynamic data insights and applications, then update easily when needed Posit Workbench Maintain control with centralized management for RStudio, Jupyter, and VS Code environments Posit Package Manager Distribute and manage secure, scalable package repositories for Python and R Explore the posit team suite Get Pricing Cloud Posit Connect Cloud Quickly publish and share Python and R work, like apps, reports, and documents Posit Cloud Code in RStudio or Jupyter Notebooks, and  easily share your projects Public Package Manager Discover and install Python and R packages from CRAN, PyPI, and Bioconductor with date-based snapshots SHINYAPPS.IO Share your Shiny applications online in minutes Free & Open Source Free & Open Source Open Source Posit community projects Our mission is to create open-source software for data science, scientific research, and technical communication. This is a small selection of projects we sponsor or contribute to. Analyze & Explore Positron RStudio IDE RStudio Server Tidyverse GGPlot2 DPLYR Download RStudio Download Positron Communicate & Interact Quarto Shiny Shiny Server Great Tables Vetiver Database & Cloud Integration DBPLYR SparklyR Googlesheets RSCONNECT Use Cases Use Cases Use Cases Customer Stories Suffolk Reduces job site risk with Databricks & Posit Trillium Reports delivered over 50% faster Unity Health Toronto Decreases unexpected deaths by 26% NASA Dynamic workforce scenario planning View all Industries Public Sector Financial services - Banking - Insurance Pharma Customer Story: NMDP Partners Partners Partners Posit supports your enterprise investments Posit software can run in your cloud, on-premises, or integrated with leading analytics platforms. Our partners can also help you develop and manage your analytics ecosystem. Data & Analytics Snowflake Databricks Amazon SageMaker View all Cloud Providers Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Platform View All Programs Partner Programs We offer several partner programs, including standard resellers, managed service providers, and professional services partners. Deal Registration For current Posit Resellers to register new deals. Learn & Support Learn & Support Learn & Support Resources Documentation Knowledge Base Cheatsheets Blog Videos Support Enterprise Support Community Forum Platform Support Info Education & Events Events Posit Academy Data Science Hangout posit::conf The Test Set : Podcast Featured education: Posit academy Skip the games and build data science skills that stick. Posit Academy helps you learn Python or R by doing a real mentor-led data science project. About About About Posit We help the world make sense of data. Our mission is to create open-source software for data science, scientific research, and technical communication. Our goal is to serve these knowledge creators 100 years from now. About Us Company & Mission Careers PBC Report Analyst Reports posit::conf Talk to us Products Products Products Make sense of your data Posit empowers data scientists to use the open-source tools they know and love with the centralized management, security, and support they need at work. Enterprise Posit Connect Share dynamic data insights and applications, then update easily when needed Posit Workbench Maintain control with centralized management for RStudio, Jupyter, and VS Code environments Posit Package Manager Distribute and manage secure, scalable package repositories for Python and R Explore the posit team suite Get Pricing Cloud Posit Connect Cloud Quickly publish and share Python and R work, like apps, reports, and documents Posit Cloud Code in RStudio or Jupyter Notebooks, and  easily share your projects Public Package Manager Discover and install Python and R packages from CRAN, PyPI, and Bioconductor with date-based snapshots SHINYAPPS.IO Share your Shiny applications online in minutes Free & Open Source Free & Open Source Open Source Posit community projects Our mission is to create open-source software for data science, scientific research, and technical communication. This is a small selection of projects we sponsor or contribute to. Analyze & Explore Positron RStudio IDE RStudio Server Tidyverse GGPlot2 DPLYR Download RStudio Download Positron Communicate & Interact Quarto Shiny Shiny Server Great Tables Vetiver Database & Cloud Integration DBPLYR SparklyR Googlesheets RSCONNECT Use Cases Use Cases Use Cases Customer Stories Suffolk Reduces job site risk with Databricks & Posit Trillium Reports delivered over 50% faster Unity Health Toronto Decreases unexpected deaths by 26% NASA Dynamic workforce scenario planning View all Industries Public Sector Financial services - Banking - Insurance Pharma Customer Story: NMDP Partners Partners Partners Posit supports your enterprise investments Posit software can run in your cloud, on-premises, or integrated with leading analytics platforms. Our partners can also help you develop and manage your analytics ecosystem. Data & Analytics Snowflake Databricks Amazon SageMaker View all Cloud Providers Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Platform View All Programs Partner Programs We offer several partner programs, including standard resellers, managed service providers, and professional services partners. Deal Registration For current Posit Resellers to register new deals. Learn & Support Learn & Support Learn & Support Resources Documentation Knowledge Base Cheatsheets Blog Videos Support Enterprise Support Community Forum Platform Support Info Education & Events Events Posit Academy Data Science Hangout posit::conf The Test Set : Podcast Featured education: Posit academy Skip the games and build data science skills that stick. Posit Academy helps you learn Python or R by doing a real mentor-led data science project. About About About Posit We help the world make sense of data. Our mission is to create open-source software for data science, scientific research, and technical communication. Our goal is to serve these knowledge creators 100 years from now. About Us Company & Mission Careers PBC Report Analyst Reports posit::conf Positron The Data Science Code Editor The immediacy of a console, with the power to build, debug, and productionize code. Positron is the free code editor made for data science and analysis with Python, R, and you. Explore Positron FALL 2025 PRODUCT ANNOUNCEMENT Smarter science, better tools New data science and AI capabilities from Posit We're introducing new product capabilities designed to accelerate your data science workflows, support responsible AI development, and provide the security and governance required to share insights throughout your organization. See what's new Scale open-source successfully Thousands of professional data science teams rely on our solutions and expertise to get the most out of their investments in R and Python. We'd love to help you adopt open-source data science at scale with tools built for data scientists, by data scientists. Talk to an expert Enterprise for professionals Securely share data-science applications across your team—and the enterprise. Learn More Open Source Our code is your code. Build on it. Share it. Improve people’s lives with it. Learn more Cloud Solutions Take the time and effort out of uploading, storing, accessing, and sharing your work. Learn more Customer Stories Celebrating data science success stories We love hearing about the amazing work being done with our tools around the world. And we really love sharing those stories. explore stories Dow Dow is one of the world’s largest materials sciences companies, and it faces immense challenges — to repeatedly innovate, to deliver practical solutions, and to do it all in a sustainable way. Learn More PING At PING, a small team of engineers, technologists, and data scientists harness the power of Posit Connect to democratize golf through data insights with a dynamic new user-facing application. Learn More City of Reykjavik The data science team in the city of Reykjavík, Iceland is using Posit Connect to impact the citizens of their city, one Shiny app at a time. Learn More Our Solutions We serve millions of users across all industries. Explore some of the ways our tools drive collaboration and build reproducible results. Python See how we help Pharma see how we help Financial services see how we help Data Sciences see how we help Business Intelligence see how we help Companies we work with Trusted by 52 of the Fortune 100 We’re always here to help Welcome to a community that’s accessible, inclusive, and empowering. Just like our products. Become a data science champion. Posit Champions Get the support you need. Posit Support Dive into our resources. Resource Hub Explore Data Science Hangouts. Upcoming Hangouts Subscribe to more inspiring open-source data science content. We want to help you go further with open-source data science. By subscribing, you'll get alerted whenever we publish new content. Subscribe The open source data science company Products Open Source Enterprise Cloud All Products Solutions Databricks Snowflake Python Amazon SageMaker Microsoft Azure Posit Cloud Resources Blog Cheatsheets Videos Champions Data Science Hangout Support Documentation Posit Community All Support Legal Terms State of California Policy contact us 250 Northern Ave Suite 420 Boston, MA 02210 844-448-1212 Chat with us Contact Us © 2025 Posit Software, PBC formerly RStudio, PBC Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to bring you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences between your visits to our website. By clicking "Accept All," you consent to the use of ALL cookies. However, you may click on "Cookie Settings" to select the types of cookies you choose to use or avoid. Functional Functional Always active Data storage that enables specific features you have used or requested, or to enable transmissions over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences Data that stores your choices about your experience on our website. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. Data storage used for compiling statistics about how people use our website. These cookies are used for us to improve our site and better understand our community, and are not used to identify you. Marketing Marketing Data storage used to deliver you the most relevant and targeted content (which may include commercial information regarding our professional products and services), and to better understand the customers who sustain our business. Although we use this information internally, Posit will never sell your data to third parties or to advertisers. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Reject All Cookie Settings Save preferences Cookie Settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent