Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
TikTok
 
Instagram
Subscription Offers
Donate Today
Manage Your Account
E-Paper
Charleston
Newsletters
News
Business
Hurricane Wire
Public Safety
Food & Dining
Opinion
Health Care
Real Estate
Real Estate Listings
Arts, Culture & Entertainment
Environment
Events Calendar
Obituaries
Charleston's Choice
12 Days of Christmas Giveaway
Videos
Photo Galleries
Palmetto Politics
Sports
Post and Courier News
Rising Waters
Education Lab
Advertising Initiatives
More
CLASSIFIEDSLEGAL NOTICESE-PAPEROBITUARIES
37°
Fair 
Site search
Search
Login
Donate
Buy & Sell
My Account
Subscribe
Charleston News
E-Paper
Letters
Obituaries
Newsletters
Videos
Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025

All the news you need to know for the day.

Section of Pitt Street Bridge in Mount Pleasant to close as town conducts 'exploratory digging'
+2

A portion of Pitt Street Bridge will close on Jan. 5 as the town conducts “exploratory digging” of the surrounding marsh. The work is expected to take a week.

Today's Highlights
CHARLESTON SCENE
This actor whose family goes back to 17th-century Charleston is in Emmy-nominated 'The Pitt'
CHARLESTON LOCAL NEWS
Here's what Charleston County employees and elected officials made in 2025
CRIME
Lawsuit seeks to hold Charleston County Sheriff’s Office liable for deputy assault on inmate
History
+2
NEWS
Famous ‘Don’t Tread On Me’ flag created by Charleston’s Christopher Gadsden 250 years ago
+6
CHARLESTON LOCAL NEWS
Subways and bear fights? Historic Charleston maps offer peek into the city’s past.
Year in review
2025 SC Newsmakers of the Year
Graveyards, barnyards, federal cuts and measles: SC education in 2025
Gamecocks' 'Big 3' teams wave a relieved goodbye to 2025
The Good Cheer Fund was established in 1927 by Thomas P. Lesesne, former managing editor of The News and Courier as a Lowcountry community outreach program to help people in need during the holiday season.

One hundred percent of the donations made to the Good Cheer Fund are distributed to seven agencies to aid the less fortunate in the Lowcountry during the holidays.

Donate Today
LATEST REGIONAL NEWS
TOURISM
Demo day for Days Inn pushed to 2026, delaying Four Seasons timeline
CHARLESTON SCENE
Scene Calendar: Charleston area events Jan. 1-7
REAL ESTATE
The 5 biggest moments in Charleston real estate in 2025
CLEMSON TIGERS SPORTS
Swinney pulls the trigger on major Clemson staff changes
FAITH AND VALUES
On Christmas, Pope Leo Tells World’s Leaders to Talk Rather Than Make War
RETAIL
RV and boat storage plan moves forward in Mount Pleasant with more than 400 trees slated for removal
+5
The Gallo Company: Redefining Real Estate Excellence in Greenville, South Carolina
21 hrs ago
PAID PRESS RELEASES

Latest local and national business announcements, powered by EZ Newswire

PAID PRESS RELEASE
Trading.com’s New Investment Account is Now Available to EU (EEA) Clients
Dec 23, 2025
1:14
Video play button
LATEST VIDEOS
North Charleston Police Chief addresses federal authorities presence in communities
By Gavin McIntyre gmcintyre@postandcourier.com

North Charleston Police Chief Ron Camacho held a town hall meeting with residents to answer questions and address concerns about the department.

Charleston
Subways and bear fights? Historic Charleston maps offer peek into the city’s past.
Section of Pitt Street Bridge in Mount Pleasant to close as town conducts 'exploratory digging'
Here's what Charleston County employees and elected officials made in 2025
Here's what Charleston elected officials and city employees made in 2025
Business
Demo day for Days Inn pushed to 2026, delaying Four Seasons timeline
The 5 biggest moments in Charleston real estate in 2025
RV and boat storage plan moves forward in Mount Pleasant with more than 400 trees slated for removal
2025 Business Timeline
Food
Popular Charleston chef to open a Mexican restaurant behind The Starlight Motor Inn
Beautiful South sharpens its Chinese-inspired menu after owners’ trip to Hong Kong
5 best new Charleston-area restaurants in 2025, according to our food editor
New Japanese restaurant opens with grilled meats and craft cocktails in Charleston
Politics
8 SC newborns surrendered at safe havens under Daniel’s Law in 2025, tying record
They fell in the Battle of Camden. Work goes on to identify Revolutionary fighters.
Firebrand Lee Bright to return to SC Senate, GOP activist Dianne Mitchell cinches Statehouse win
Conservative preacher wins Midlands district formerly held by RJ May
Sports
Is the classic point guard dead? The Citadel's Eze Wali has something to say about that
Gamecocks' 'Big 3' teams wave a relieved goodbye to 2025
College of Charleston extends winning streak to four games with victory over Drexel
Swinney pulls the trigger on major Clemson staff changes
Education
Graveyards, barnyards, federal cuts and measles: SC education in 2025
Charleston Co. Schools’ internship program helping special needs students moves to MUSC
‘A fight against eBay and dust’: How a group is preserving Revolutionary history beyond SC250
Babies are not immune to measles. That worries the director of this charter school.
Environment
Christmas brings South Carolina’s birders to the streets, swamps in the name of science
Winter is the fastest warming season. Here’s what to expect this South Carolina Christmas.
Could SC’s new haze plan clear the air in Cape Romain? Some say it’s flawed.
Two water worlds: What Venice can teach Charleston about tourism and climate adaptation
Arts & Entertainment
Scene Calendar: Charleston area events Jan. 1-7
This actor whose family goes back to 17th-century Charleston is in Emmy-nominated 'The Pitt'
25 of our favorite Charleston arts and culture stories of 2025
Charleston scene highlights from Jim McCourt, beverage director at Prohibition
Health
Form meets function: Partnership between fitness club, health care companies offers new path
8 SC newborns surrendered at safe havens under Daniel’s Law in 2025, tying record
Prisma moves to restrict child visitors in light of rising flu rates in SC
SC measles outbreak continues to spread with 3 new cases as new year approaches
OPINION
Editorial: Charleston must squash Clemson's bid to demolish historic vegetable lab
Commentary: Food program helps make library a true community center
Editorial: Richland jail needs attention, maybe from Justice, definitely from Legislature
Lowry: No, the Liberty tragedy wasn't Israeli treachery
Photos
Reader photos: Stylish pets
Photos: A Funeral for HAZAR, the misunderstood ship of Bohicket Creek
Photos: Christmas adoption event brings pets to Lowcountry homes
Photos: Charleston couple have 40 years of Christmas decorations
Columbia
Who’s calling my phone? The most common scams, and how to avoid them.
A large, red letter ‘G’ is for sale in Lexington County. Where did it come from?
Head-on collision in Lexington on Christmas Eve claims lives of mother and child. What we know.
How to watch Columbia’s New Year’s fireworks display — and which streets will close
Greenville
Upstate country music radio station replaces long-time classic rock broadcast
Two more Greenville bars at popular locations will close at the end of the year
Rising with Rise: A look behind the scenes at one of Greenville’s most popular bakeries
Greenville’s biggest newsmakers of 2025
Beaufort County
Hilton Head bald eagle hatchling emerges in nest cam
Beaufort County’s top stories for 2025
Beloved Christmas spiritual with an unusual backstory may have begun on a Lowcountry sea island
Victim in St. Helena Island shooting sues bar, property owners and alleged gunman
Myrtle Beach
Why these two Myrtle Beach outfitters are closing longtime locations
'The weirdest objects in Horry County': Why Myrtle Beach brought historic statues back to downtown
Top 5 news stories of 2025 from the Myrtle Beach area
SC city wins appeal over beach rental company in ‘unlawful monopoly’ case
SPARTANBURG
Keke’s Breakfast Cafe is opening 5 South Carolina locations, starting in Spartanburg
Wright's fall from grace, measles spread and more: Spartanburg's top news stories of 2025
SC measles outbreak continues to spread with 3 new cases as new year approaches
StubHub mistakenly promoted a religious SC Christmas show as metal band Lamb of God
PEE DEE
The holidays are over, here’s how turn your Christmas tree into free mulch in Florence
Longer runway could give Florence Regional Airport lift
Here are the Pee Dee’s top news stories from 2025
The $4M renovation of a historic Florence landmark will soon be complete
YORK COUNTY
Mount Pleasant-based 24/7 drive-thru grocery store expanding to Fort Mill
York County Sheriff’s Office investigates possible murder-suicide in Lake Wylie
Does your local government work? York County offers residents a chance to see for themselves.
York County's top 5 news stories of 2025
BOOM & BALANCE
Many thousands of new homes and a big population rebound planned on Charleston peninsula
Charleston's peninsula is gaining residents for the first time since the 1930s
More SC cities using impact fees to fund services for newcomers, adding cost to home construction
New census data shows the most rapidly growing towns and cities in SC
Uncovered
Foreign investors poured cash into SC real estate. We investigated.
State moves to take control of Jasper Co. schools, citing leadership failures and financial disarray
State review reveals Jasper County School District misspent $4M from restricted tax money
Officials mull state takeover of SC school district after probe reveals possible criminal acts
Site Links
About
Staff
Mobile apps
Newsletters
Subscription Offers
Frequently Asked Questions
Place an ad
Advertising rates
Editorial
Classifieds
Join the Team
AI Policy
Related Properties
Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC
Georgetown Times - Georgetown, SC
The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC
Journal Scene - Summerville, SC
Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC
The Star - North Augusta, SC
Free Times - Columbia, SC
Kingstree News - Kingstree, SC
Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC
Contact Information

The Post and Courier
148 Williman Street
Charleston, SC 29403

Phone: 843-853-POST (7678)

News tips/online questions: newstips@postandcourier.com

Delivery/subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
TikTok
 
Instagram

© 2025, Post and Courier, an Evening Post Publishing Newspaper Group. All rights reserved. | Terms of Sale  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy