Win with People's Postcode Lottery | People's Postcode Lottery Skip to main content Play now Play How It Works Prizes Lottery Results Charities About Us Play now My Account Sign up to play People's Postcode Lottery Upload in progress... Your video file is being uploaded. The currently loaded video is the source file. Play now Automatic entry into all draws Prize winners are announced every day Just £12.25 a month, cancel anytime One ticket, all prizes Sign up by 31 January to play in our February draws. All prizes Trustpilot not initialized Playing People's Postcode Lottery couldn't be simpler Sign up with a postcode for £12.25 per month You're entered into all draws, every month Never miss a chance to win, cancel anytime By playing you support charities How it works O v e r 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 , 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 Local community projects supported with grants of up to £150k raised by players in 2025 O v e r 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 , 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 Local community projects supported with grants of up to £150k raised by players in 2025 Winner stories "I’ve said to friends that live abroad that I would go and see them and now I can." Leicester Millionaire Street "I can’t believe what one ticket has got us. We are absolutely blown away." Tiverton Postcode Millions "This is just epic, unbelievably epic. I feel really, really lucky." Great Notley Millionaire Street "I’ve never seen that much money in numbers." Harlow Millionaire Street "When I saw the amount it was absolutely amazing. My legs went to jelly." Kilmarnock Millionaire Street "This house might be getting bought now. The future is looking bright." Castle Bromwich Millionaire Street "It’s been a week that I never, ever dreamt of, not in a million years." Chaldon Millionaire Street "Family live next door, but the street is amazing. It’s one big family." Rubery Millionaire Street "I can do a lot of things, a lot of good things, with this." Beeby Millionaire Street "When they told me I'd won, I was completely blown away. I couldn’t speak." Heathfield Millionaire Street "The first thing I'll do is take my son to Disneyland Paris." Quedgeley Millionaire Street "There was disbelief when I saw the cheque and then a wave of emotion came over me." Havant Millionaire Street "We're really going to do things with this." Thringstone Millionaire Street "I got a leaflet through the door and started playing, because of the charities." Brookmans Park Millionaire Street "I didn't think at my age I could be so excited about anything again." Bexhill-on-Sea Millionaire Street "When people say life-changing, it is life-changing." Waltham Cross Millionaire Street "Christmas is approaching and we're going to have a really happy one." Kingswood Millionaire Street "This has completely changed everything for this year. It's amazing." Joy For Newhaven "It's fantastic - it'll put a smile on so many faces here. And that's the best part of all." Carmarthen Millionaire Street More winner stories Question 1/3 What prizes does my ticket play for? Your ticket plays for all of our fantastic prizes. Winning postcodes are announced every day with People's Postcode Lottery. Every week, £1 Million is shared by players in our Millionaire Street prize. Every day, tickets in 20 postcodes win £1,000 each . Next Question 2/3 Am I entered into all the draws? Your People's Postcode Lottery ticket plays in all draws for that month of play . You'll be playing for all of our prizes that month. These Include the daily £1,000 prizes, the weekly Millionaire Street Prizes and our £250,000 prizes or Postcode Millions . Some months, we'll have extra one-off prizes or offer additional non-cash prizes. Next Question 3/3 What charities benefit? A minimum of 30% of the ticket price goes to support these deserving projects. Thousands of charities have received help from our players. Together, players have raised more than £1.5 Billion for good causes to date. Players fund charities like Maggie's , NSPCC , Dogs Trust , Mind and Trussell as well as thousands of small local community projects. Next Question 1/3 What prizes does my ticket play for? Your ticket plays for all of our fantastic prizes. Winning postcodes are announced every day with People's Postcode Lottery. Every week, £1 Million is shared by players in our Millionaire Street prize. Every day, tickets in 20 postcodes win £1,000 each . Next Question 2/3 Am I entered into all the draws? Your People's Postcode Lottery ticket plays in all draws for that month of play . You'll be playing for all of our prizes that month. These Include the daily £1,000 prizes, the weekly Millionaire Street Prizes and our £250,000 prizes or Postcode Millions . Some months, we'll have extra one-off prizes or offer additional non-cash prizes. Next Question 3/3 What charities benefit? A minimum of 30% of the ticket price goes to support these deserving projects. Thousands of charities have received help from our players. Together, players have raised more than £1.5 Billion for good causes to date. Players fund charities like Maggie's , NSPCC , Dogs Trust , Mind and Trussell as well as thousands of small local community projects. Next Refer a friend Earn up to £75 in gift cards Treat a friend and yourself. Get rewarded when you refer a friend to play People's Postcode Lottery - it's quick and easy. Get rewarded More frequently asked questions Prizes Draws What prizes can I win? Winning postcodes are announced every day. Every day : £1,000 20 lucky postcodes each win £1,000 per winning ticket. Every Saturday : £1 Million Players in one lucky postcode share £1 Million in the Millionaire Street Prize draw. £250,000 ** Every month, except April and December draws, every ticket in one winning postcode will win a guaranteed £250,000. Postcode Millions : In 2026, we'll have whopping multi-million pound Postcode Millions prizes in our April and December draws. Additional prize draws include £15 for every ticket in 1,000 winning postcodes and non-cash prizes such as vouchers and gift cards. See what non-cash prizes you can win. You can view all prizes up for grabs in the Prize Draw Calendar . *In accordance with the Gambling Act 2005, the maximum amount that can be won by a single ticket is 10% of draw proceeds up to a maximum of £500,000. How do shared prizes work? Every Saturday we announce a winning postcode sharing a £1 Million Millionaire Street prize. This prize will be split between tickets in the full winning postcode e.g. A12 3BC. The maximum prize per ticket is 10% of the ticket sales for that draw, up to £500,000. If due to this statutory maximum prize limit the £1 Million cannot be fully shared in the full winning postcode, the balance will be shared by tickets in the surrounding postcode area e.g. A12 3 and occasionally the larger postcode district e.g. A12. This means the £1 Million will be won in full each week. For example, if there are four players in the full winning postcode, each holding one ticket, they would win £250,000 each (assuming over £2.5 Million worth of tickets have been sold in the draw). How can I tell if I'm a winner? We’ll contact you if you win a prize, or you can check the latest results by: Checking out the Lottery Results section. Calling us on freephone number 0808 109 8765 . Winners are notified by email, SMS message, letter or phone call depending on the prize you won. We recommend that players register an email address with us and keep their address and telephone details up to date, to ensure they can be notified of any prize wins. To update any of your contact details, please give our Customer Experience staff a call on 0808 109 8765 . What are the odds of winning People's Postcode Lottery? On average, the chance of a ticket winning a prize is better than 1 in 5 †. The chance of winning one of our biggest prizes - Postcode Millions, Millionaire Street and our £250,000 prize - is better than 1 in 250,000 †† and the odds of winning a £1,000 prize are better than 1 in 2,000 ††. The odds of winning the jackpot in Lotto are 1 in 45 million and in the Euromillions are 1 in 139 million†††. † Based on a rolling average per draw month over the last twelve months of play. Wins include tickets winning £15 prizes, £1,000 prizes, shares of Millionaire Street and Postcode Millions prizes and other cash and non-cash prizes. †† Based on average chance of winning per ticket per draw month based on current prize plan and number of entries. ††† As published by Allwyn in https://www.national-lottery.co.uk/games/lotto/game-procedures and https://www.national-lottery.co.uk/games/euromillions/game-procedures Customer Experience Our team are here to help with any questions or support. People's Postcode Lottery Refer A Friend Join My Account Draw Dates And Prize Draw Calendar Sitemap Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Responsible Play Self-Exclusion Important Information Registered Office Licence Details Gambling Commission Account Manage Your Privacy Reports Gender Pay Gap Reporting (PDF) Modern Slavery Statement (PDF) People's Postcode Lottery Refer A Friend Join My Account Draw Dates And Prize Draw Calendar Sitemap Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Responsible Play Self-Exclusion Important Information Registered Office Licence Details Gambling Commission Account Manage Your Privacy Reports Gender Pay Gap Reporting (PDF) Modern Slavery Statement (PDF) We're a trusted brand Trustpilot not initialized Payment methods Follow us on social media Get in touch Contact us *Estimated max possible ticket prize from the February Millionaire Street prize draws is £400,000 which is 10% of estimated draw proceeds for those draws. You need to be an active player in the prize month to win those prizes. **Our £250,000 prize runs each month in 2026, excluding our April and December draws. ***£12,000 per month for 12 months (total £144,000) will be won by every ticket in the winning postcode. January and February 2026 draws only. £12.25 to be entered into all draws, paid monthly in advance. Players can cancel at any time. Winning postcodes for February draws are announced daily from 7 February to 6 March. See Terms and Conditions for further details. A minimum of 30% of each ticket price goes to charity. People’s Postcode Lottery manages lotteries for 20 charities, each has one draw a month. To find out more see Prize Draw Calendar . Not available in NI. For assistance please Contact Us . Postcode Lottery Limited is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 829 . © 2026 Postcode Lottery Limited 18+ Play responsibly CharityCircle 30% Goes to charity Registered Office Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Responsible Play Self-Exclusion Modern Slavery Statement (PDF) Gender Pay Gap Report (PDF) Sitemap Manage Your Privacy Licence