Postie We Help With Prospecting Retargeting CRM Reengagement Capabilities Targeting Execution Measurement Learn Company About Us Contact Us Login Get in Touch We Help With Prospecting Retargeting CRM Reengagement Capabilities Targeting Execution Measurement Learn Company About Us Contact Us Direct Mail with Digital Capabilities Run powerful Direct Mail campaigns just like you run digital ads — with the push of a button. Get in Touch Get in Touch 73% of Customers Prefer Direct Mail over Other Marketing Channels Savvy marketers who diversify their mix with Direct Mail benefit from: Savvy marketers who diversify their mix with Direct Mail benefit from: 20% more reach than Facebook 20x higher engagement than email 70% greater brand recall than display Safer brand exposure than Youtube Superior personalization than programmatic Postie makes it easy to run Direct Mail campaigns and track ROAS in real time. Ready for the most advanced direct mail platform on the planet? We Help You With: Prospecting Attract New Customers Our machine learning engine creates lookalike models from your best-performing customer segments. By layering custom algorithms on industry-leading data sets, we identify and reach customers you won’t find in other channels. Learn More Website Retargeting Convert More Website Visits Programmatic triggers allow you to automatically mail prospects that engage with your website. Using identity resolution, website visits are matched to home addresses so you can reach both anonymous and logged-in visitors. Learn More CRM Reengagement Maximize Lifetime Value Postie algorithms identify the audience segments hidden in your 1st party CRM data. With precise segmentation, you can deploy highly personalized campaigns and convert customers that aren’t responding to other marketing efforts. Learn More The Capabilities That Supercharge Your Campaigns Smart Targeting Reaching your target audience matters the most. Our proprietary machine-learning platform allows you to create custom audiences, build lookalike models, and sub-segment your 1st party database into differentiated audience personas. See how targeting works Simple Execution You no longer need to spend months juggling data providers, printers, and agencies. Postie offers an all-in-one platform where you can build audiences, set up A/B tests, and deploy campaigns with the click of a button. See how execution works Strong Measurement Track CPA, CVR, and ROAS in real-time. Our KPI dashboards integrate with your marketing tech stack, giving you complete visibility into what audiences, creatives, and offers drive conversions and which ones need to be optimized. See how measurement works What Customers Are Saying Accurate attribution tracking for direct mail was non-existent before Postie. The matchback attribution feature is the deal sealer that will make you want this product. Bobette Wolf Director of Marketing, Sail Internet Our most successful Storefronts campaign to date led to a surprising amount of online purchases as well,” Lugmair reveals. “We saw an 8.91% conversion rate , with a $6.46 cost per acquisition and a return on ad spend of 4335.31% . Grace Staley Director of Retail Marketing, Johnnie-O We always knew that Direct Mail had great potential for our brand but we could never figure out how to really measure the impact and see if our efforts were worth it. Postie gave us that data and we were blown away by how strong the results were. Lily Ackerly Sr. Ecommerce Manager, Free Fly Apparel Postie’s approach to direct marketing was a game changer for us. Their ability to merge digital first approach to targeting and the speed and agility of real time execution has been very powerful. Doug Sweeny Chief Marketing Officer, One Medical Postie has been a great direct mail partner for Thrive Causemetics! Our account leads are strategic, knowledgeable and KPI-driven. Plus they are a pleasure to work with. I would recommend Postie to any company that is looking for a solid and dependable Direct Mail partner! Mesa Kewish Growth Marketing Lead, Thrive Causemetics When it came time for TULA to broaden our acquisition efforts into direct mail, our decision to partner with Postie quickly became the obvious choice… A choice that has continued to pay dividends. Their dedication to understanding the nuances of our business have yielded fantastic results… Jaime Silva Head of Offline Marketing, TULA Skincare Postie is the Mostie! I couldn’t be happier with the platform and more importantly, the service. You guys make mail cool! Benjamin De Castro VP Marketing, Eargo I have loved my experience working with Postie. They have made the process seamless. They are highly attentive and excel with excellent client services. Sarah Casden Offline Channels Manager, Headspace Working with the Postie team has been a pleasure; from helping us strategize to executing on effective campaigns, we’re excited to see how far we can grow our partnership. Lauren Leary Manager CRM, Hydrow Postie has been a trusted partner of ours for nearly 3 years. They have helped us scale our business efficiently and have been an important strategic partner for our brand across all new and existing client efforts. Meagan Fleishman Head of Growth Marketing, Sakara Life Postie has been such a great partner – we were so excited to revert back to snail mail marketing and have seen a GREAT return and love the analytics they provide. Danielle Crary Sr. Director of Marketing, cbdMD I’ve been impressed with Postie’s account management and platform. They have provided an additional layer of strategy for my client’s campaigns that as resulted in increased performance. The portal also provides a great snapshot for reporting an insights. Jason Gluskin Principal/Sr. Consultant, MediaStar Marketing Postie has been extremely valuable to us over the past year. It has helped us reach new customers with around a 2 ROAS. Postie has created an innovative way to reach your target audience, interact with customers and track the results. McKenzie Bauer CMO, Thread Wallets Postie has been an amazing tool for us over the last year. Our campaigns perform better than expected and their tool is quite simple to understand. We will continue to grow with them into the future. Matthew Herl Sr. Digital Media Buyer, Fracture Inc. Accurate attribution tracking for direct mail was non-existent before Postie. The matchback attribution feature is the deal sealer that will make you want this product. Bobette Wolf Director of Marketing, Sail Internet Our most successful Storefronts campaign to date led to a surprising amount of online purchases as well,” Lugmair reveals. “We saw an 8.91% conversion rate , with a $6.46 cost per acquisition and a return on ad spend of 4335.31% . Grace Staley Director of Retail Marketing, Johnnie-O We always knew that Direct Mail had great potential for our brand but we could never figure out how to really measure the impact and see if our efforts were worth it. Postie gave us that data and we were blown away by how strong the results were. Lily Ackerly Sr. Ecommerce Manager, Free Fly Apparel Postie’s approach to direct marketing was a game changer for us. Their ability to merge digital first approach to targeting and the speed and agility of real time execution has been very powerful. Doug Sweeny Chief Marketing Officer, One Medical Postie has been a great direct mail partner for Thrive Causemetics! Our account leads are strategic, knowledgeable and KPI-driven. Plus they are a pleasure to work with. I would recommend Postie to any company that is looking for a solid and dependable Direct Mail partner! Mesa Kewish Growth Marketing Lead, Thrive Causemetics When it came time for TULA to broaden our acquisition efforts into direct mail, our decision to partner with Postie quickly became the obvious choice… A choice that has continued to pay dividends. Their dedication to understanding the nuances of our business have yielded fantastic results… Jaime Silva Head of Offline Marketing, TULA Skincare Postie is the Mostie! I couldn’t be happier with the platform and more importantly, the service. You guys make mail cool! Benjamin De Castro VP Marketing, Eargo I have loved my experience working with Postie. They have made the process seamless. They are highly attentive and excel with excellent client services. Sarah Casden Offline Channels Manager, Headspace Working with the Postie team has been a pleasure; from helping us strategize to executing on effective campaigns, we’re excited to see how far we can grow our partnership. Lauren Leary Manager CRM, Hydrow Postie has been a trusted partner of ours for nearly 3 years. They have helped us scale our business efficiently and have been an important strategic partner for our brand across all new and existing client efforts. Meagan Fleishman Head of Growth Marketing, Sakara Life Postie has been such a great partner – we were so excited to revert back to snail mail marketing and have seen a GREAT return and love the analytics they provide. Danielle Crary Sr. Director of Marketing, cbdMD I’ve been impressed with Postie’s account management and platform. They have provided an additional layer of strategy for my client’s campaigns that as resulted in increased performance. The portal also provides a great snapshot for reporting an insights. Jason Gluskin Principal/Sr. Consultant, MediaStar Marketing Postie has been extremely valuable to us over the past year. It has helped us reach new customers with around a 2 ROAS. Postie has created an innovative way to reach your target audience, interact with customers and track the results. McKenzie Bauer CMO, Thread Wallets Postie has been an amazing tool for us over the last year. Our campaigns perform better than expected and their tool is quite simple to understand. We will continue to grow with them into the future. Matthew Herl Sr. Digital Media Buyer, Fracture Inc. Unlock the Power of Direct Mail Today. Get in Touch 3616 Far West Blvd, STE 117 #103, Austin, TX 78731 info@postie.com 888-992-4935 Prospecting Retargeting Retention Capabilities Learn About Us We Help With Capabilities Learn Get Postie About Us Get Postie Your Privacy Choices Postie is a registered data broker under applicable state laws, including under Texas law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Opt Out Copyright 2025,  Postie, Inc. All Rights reserved. By clicking “Accept”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to assist in our marketing efforts and to analyze site traffic. Accept