:site.title
Product
Resources
Features
Pricing
Login
Consult an Expert
Free Trial
The leader in affiliate software

Manage multiple affiliate programs and improve your affiliate partner performance with Post Affiliate Pro.

No setup fee
24/7 Customer service
No credit card required
Cancel any time
Start 30-day free trial
Consult an Expert
One affiliate software with multiple use cases

Create and direct your affiliate programs, or manage entire affiliate networks. Post Affiliate Pro is an ideal solution for every side of affiliate marketing.

Affiliate Program

Create and manage your affiliate programs with the right tools and features for the job.

Select
Affiliate Network

Track and direct extensive affiliate networks from one intuitive dashboard with the right equipment.

Select
What can Post Affiliate Pro do for your business?

Whether you’re looking for affiliate management, precise tracking, or affiliate marketing campaign management, Post Affiliate Pro has you covered every step of the way.

Affiliate tracking

Increase sales with accurate tracking

You will never miss anything important when you’re working with Post Affiliate Pro affiliate software. It utilizes the most accurate affiliate tracking methods as well as backup methods. You can accurately track referrals, conversion rates, affiliate partner performance, cookies, payouts, and much more.

Learn more about affiliate tracking

Affiliate marketing

Save resources with promotional materials

Save money on a wide range of promotional materials with Post Affiliate Pro’s popular features. You can create multiple types of banners, affiliate links, and even coupon management to highlight your online presence. It’s easy to do even for new users, and it takes just a moment to finish.

Learn more about affiliate marketing

Affiliate management

Streamline your affiliate programs

Get every feature necessary to create and manage amazing affiliate marketing programs. Post Affiliate Pro can help you manage affiliates, commissions, promotional materials, and more. Ensure you will always get more qualified leads and improve your affiliate marketing every day.

Learn more about affiliate programs

Automated workflow

Save time with automations

Managing your affiliates and programs is made easier with an affiliate management platform that supports automation. Save time on mundane tasks and let the system handle them for you. Meanwhile, you can focus on more important issues or simply take a break.

Learn more about automation

Reports & analytics

Improve with reports & analytics

Start improving your affiliate marketing programs with a platform that helps you improve. Our reports & analytics can help your measure your affiliate partners’ performance. Get detailed reports about campaigns, trends, materials, marketing channels, targeted traffic, and more.

Learn more about reports and analytics

Integrations

Over 170 CMS & Payment Gateway integrations
Explore all integrations

Pricing

Try it out for free today

Your next successful affiliate marketing program is closer than you think. Get Post Affiliate Pro and improve your marketing efforts.

Pro

Best for creating a simple affiliate program for your business.

$139
per month
Try for free
Ultimate

Most popular

Ideal for creating a more elaborate affiliate program.

$269
per month
Try for free

Would you like to take a tour?

Take a tour of Post Affiliate Pro and explore every feature, functionality, and use case of our network and affiliate software.

Take a tour

See what’s new in Post Affiliate Pro

Find out about the latest updates of Post Affiliate Pro software and explore how we continually improve our solution.

Check out Post Affiliate Pro updates

Looking for useful and reliable mobile apps?

Download our free smartphone apps for Android and iOS to stay on track of your affiliate campaigns anywhere and anytime.

Learn more about mobile affiliate apps
Testimonials
What our customers think

"I cannot say enough good things about this product and team. The 'getting started' guide makes setup easy, and live chat support is always available if you need help. The support is truly outstanding—fast and genuinely helpful."

Andrei Knight
FxKnight Trading Academy

"I’ve experienced only two instances of exceptional B2B support in my professional career, and I am pleased to say that PAP has made the list. What these guys do is exceptional. PAP is one of the best affiliate tracking software tools and I will gladly recommend it again and again."

Rick Slot
Slotozilla

"Choosing Post Affiliate Pro as our affiliate management software was the best decision we made for our affiliate program. As a certified affiliate manager, I would highly recommend PAP for anyone planning on launching a scalable, profitable affiliate program."

Eli Pedelty
Law of Attraction Singles

"Working with Quality Unit’s Post Affiliate Pro and LiveAgent is a pleasure. Their live support is excellent and they are always available to help and find the best solutions for our needs. Their intelligent affiliate marketing software helps us provide the best service to our partners and customers."

Henk-Jan Bergevoet
Azurselect

"I cannot express how amazing their support has been. They offer 24/7 live chat and phone support and have very skilled technicians that are extremely patient and thorough. I would recommend them in a heartbeat. It still amazes me how easy it is to work with their affiliate marketing tracking software."

Karen Peterson
Simply Fun Families

"I was very impressed with the skills and determination of Martin Pullman on your support team. He managed to work through some difficult install issues for us and did not quit until everything was resolved. I am very happy with the results."

Chris Mastergeorge
Lindi Skin

"We started using Post Affiliate Pro in 2009. We're still very happy to have Post Affiliate Pro for managing our affiliates and payouts. We're especially impressed with their technical support that is always exceptional."

Simon Renstrom
RebelBetting

"We chose Post Affiliate Pro because of their excellent and fast support. In our experience, the software fulfilled our every wish. We and our registered partners (publishers) are stoked to use PAP and can recommend it without any reservations."

Philipp Zurawski
Handyreparatur123

"Post Affiliate Pro has the most options for creating a great partner program out of all the affiliate software services I tried. The SEO link benefits were a strong selling point. I am very happy with the performance of PAP and highly recommend them."

Brian Greenberg
True Blue Life Insurance

"We’ve been using Quality Unit's Post Affiliate Pro, Post Affiliate Network, and LiveAgent software for many years. Our business has grown because of the reliability and flexibility of these products. The company stands out for its ultrafast and relevant support."

Asle Skarpengland
Findex

"After thorough research of various software, my colleagues and I chose Post Affiliate Pro. The software is very user-friendly and provides all the key functionality we need. The customer support team is extremely helpful and responds to our questions in a very timely manner."

Iris Mack
MathQED

"I have been using Post Affiliate Pro for 1 year and have found it extremely beneficial to my company’s growth. Not only is the software excellent, but the support is superb. I can't recommend Post Affiliate Pro highly enough."

Steven Aitchison
CYTguides

Powerful support

Affiliate software platform with 24/7 customer service

Our reliable customer service team is available to you to help you set up essential features or answer any of your questions regarding our affiliate software platform. Contacts us 24/7 via email, live chat, phone, or customer portal.

Happy customers are the best customers

Your affiliate marketing efforts are in good hands, and we have customer reviews and awards to prove it. Post Affiliate Pro has been recognized as the leader in affiliate software in multiple categories by trustworthy software review sites.

You will be in Good Hands!

Join our community of happy clients and provide excellent customer support with Post Affiliate Pro.

Start 30-days free trial
Schedule a demo
Pricing
Features
Integration methods
Mobile apps
Alternatives
Support
Knowledge Base
Member's Area
Change Log
Performance Status
Company
About Us
Awards
Success Stories
Affiliate Program
Learn
Blog
Templates
Affiliate Marketing Academy
Affiliate Marketing Glossary
Affiliate Program Directory
Popular
Affiliate software for Shopify
Affiliate software for WooCommerce
Affiliate software For WordPress
Referral software
Start free trial
Consult an Expert
Sales contacts
+421 2 33 456 826
+1-888-842-9508
+1-508-469-5208
Social media
Facebook
Instagram
X
Youtube
Whatsapp
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email address
Subscribe
Choose your language

Select your preferred language to navigate the site.

Terms of service
Security policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy cookies policy
GDPR

© 2004-2025 Quality Unit, LLC. All rights reserved.

Contact Us

Cookie Consent
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience and analyze our traffic. See our privacy policy.

Accept All
Reject All
Cookie Settings