Products
Why Postscript
Proof
Pricing
Resources
Login
Book a Demo
MAKE MORE MONEY FROM EVERY MESSAGE

Transform your SMS strategy with AI that learns, adapts, and generates higher ROI on every message. A new era of owned marketing is here.

True Classic
Thrive Causemetics
The Sak
Your Brand
Your Brand
Brands make more money on Postscript

Our entire focus is on SMS, which is why Shopify stores have more success here than anywhere else.

34x
Return on Investment on SMS Spend
+22%
Online revenue attributed to Postscript SMS
50%
Increase in conversion rate since introducing Onsite Opt-in
+20%
Average revenue lift on AI beta features
Unlock The Power of Conversations

Your always-on 1:1 shopping assistant instantly answers questions and drives sales through meaningful customer engagement.

Meet Shopper
We lose sleep over SMS so you don’t have to

We’re always in our SMS era—and we have the strategy and innovation to prove it.

BEST IN CLASS STRATEGY
Not all-in-one, just all in

Unlock the full revenue potential of SMS as a channel with our team's deep knowledge - it's our sole focus. Combine our ecommerce expertise with conversational AI technology to transform SMS into your top revenue-generating channel.

Meet your team
MAXIMIZE YOUR LIST
Faster list growth than anywhere else

Build your list, make more money. Our world-class Popup Editor, CashBack, and Onsite Opt-In, help brands grow their list 3X faster here than anywhere else. 

Level up your list
HIGHEST PERFORMING MESSAGES
Where every ping means cha-ching

Postscript ensures every campaign and automation performs at its peak, driving an average 34x ROI. Replace traditional A/B tests with AI technology and test hundreds of on-brand message variants in a fraction of the time to unlock faster results.

Learn more about Infinity Testing
IN-HOUSE LEGAL TEAM
The gold standard in compliance

Compliance is core to our product and strategy, protecting merchants from costly lawsuits. With deep legal expertise, strategic partnerships, and leadership within the Ecommerce Innovation Alliance, we champion common-sense ecommerce policies.

Best-in-class compliance
Brands like us. They really like us.

“We moved from [another provider] to Postscript for the increased functionality and have stayed for the high level of service from the Postscript team.”

Josh White
Marketing Director

"They feel like a true extension of our team. We trust that they are really tackling SMS as if our company were their own."

Danae Young-Lagoeiro
Director of Retention Marketing & Customer Service

You made it this far—now let us make SMS your #1 revenue channel.

Connect with our team to get a personalized demo of Postscript - or install now to start your 30-day free trial

Book a Demo
Start Free Trial
Stay in the loop!
Sign up for insights, SMS marketing tips, industry trends and more!

We are big fans of privacy. By completing the form, you give consent to receive communication about products and services that you might find interesting. See our Privacy Policy for more information.

Solutions
SMS Marketing
SMS Sales
CashBack
Postscript AI
Shopper
Infinity Testing
RCS
Postscript Plus
Pricing
Pricing
Why Postscript
Strategy
List Growth
Compliance
Conversational
High Performance Messages
Customer Service
Deliverability
Features
Proof
Case Studies
Compare
Reviews & Testimonials
Subscriber LTV
Conversational Commerce
Resources
SMS Resource Hub
Blog
Webinars & Events
Product Launch
SMS Audit
Help Center
Company
About
Careers
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Agreement
Spam Policy
Contact
Partners
Integrations
Partner Program
Partner Directory
Support
Help Center & Docs
API Documentation
© Copyright 2025 Postscript. All rights reserved.