Post AG - PostAG Sign in Sign in / sign up Sign in Sign in Menu category Send Send Letter mail Parcel Rates Customs information Menu category Receive Receive Track and Trace Letter mail Parcels Customs information E-Brief Menu category Services Services All online services Parcel stamps Receiving options AllesPost Collection service Post App Rate calculator Menu category Branches Branches Branch finder Products and services Online shop Stamps & Crypto stamp Meine Marke bank99 Menu category Business solutions Business solutions All business solutions Letter mailing Parcel shipping Fulfillment solutions Advertising solutions Business Processes ELLA Business Portal Menu category Assistance and contact Assistance and contact General Terms and Conditions Data protection FAQ Contact Menu category Company Company Jobs and Careers Investor Relations Fanshop Sustainability Art at Rochus Press EN DE - Deutsch EN - English DE EN Send Receive Services Branches Business solutions Assistance and contact Company Send Letter mail Parcel Rates Customs information Receive Track and Trace Letter mail Parcels Customs information E-Brief Services All online services Parcel stamps Receiving options AllesPost Collection service Post App Rate calculator Branches Branch finder Products and services Online shop Stamps & Crypto stamp Meine Marke bank99 Business solutions All business solutions Letter mailing Parcel shipping Fulfillment solutions Advertising solutions Business Processes ELLA Business Portal Assistance and contact General Terms and Conditions Data protection FAQ Contact Company Jobs and Careers Investor Relations Fanshop Sustainability Art at Rochus Press There, whenever you need us. Discover now Directly to AllesPost Collection service Parcel Stamp Vacation hold mail E-letter All Services Use all postal services With a Post Account, you always have all your mail services at a glance. Start registration I already have an account We are always here to help Save 20% this Christmas Use our parcel stamps to prepare your Christmas parcels for shipping from the comfort of your home – it’s easy and convenient. With the code XMAS20, you will get 20% off all* domestic parcel stamps. Available for a limited time only! Create online, print, post – done! *Excluding Express parcel stamps; redeemable on post.at and in the Austrian Post app, valid from 19 November 2025 to 11 January 2026 Create now The fastest track to your parcels Often at work or on the go during the day, making it difficult to receive deliveries in person? No problem – the Post Account offers four practical and free delivery options. This ensures that shipments are reliably delivered, even when no one is at home. Set up now The Austrian Post app makes your life easier The Österreichische Post app offers myriad benefits and saves you time, trips, and energy. Your benefits: Use our item tracking service to know exactly where your item is at a given time Decide where and how you would like to receive your parcels Save time and pick up your parcels without any detours Download now Subscribe to the Austrian Post Newsletter! Receive regular information about our products & services and giveaways by email! Subscribe now Decide for yourself who delivers your parcels AllesPost – regardless of who it was sent with – is delivered exclusively by Austrian Post, with the usual high quality and all delivery options. Now with new, more flexible subscription models. Try it now Shipping goods to the USA In this section, you will find everything you need to know about sending goods to the USA and what it means for your items. Get information now 125 years of blood types Why is it important to know your blood type, and how can you find out what yours is? You can find answers to these questions and more in our blog post. Read now The right address Correct labelling is not only necessary for the correct delivery of parcels, but also for emergency services and delivery personnel – simple details can save lives in an emergency. Read on The danger lurks on the Internet: Phishing The number of phishing attempts is constantly increasing. To protect you as best as possible from dangers on the Internet, we have put together some tips and examples for you. Read on Discover the Austrian Post Careers Press Room Investor Relations Corporate Sustainability Corporate Information Careers We offer a wide range of positions, career advancement, as well as flexible working hours. We value, recognise and acknowledge good performance. More information Press Room In this section, you will find current press information, contact to our press spokespersons, media library and the option to be added to the press mailing list. Go to press room Investor Relations In this section, investors will find comprehensive information about Austrian Post and its shares. More information Corporate Sustainability At Austrian Post, corporate sustainability is a top priority, which is why not only financial, but also ecological and social factors play a decisive role in our strategy and corporate leadership. At Austrian Post, we are positive that only this combination with sustainable factors will make businesses resilient for the future and ensure their success now and in the future. Go to Corporate Sustainability Corporate Information Austrian Post is Austria's leading logistics and postal services provider. Its main business activities include shipping and delivering letter mail, advertising mail, print publications and parcels. More information FAQ Frequently asked questions How does the identity verification for my business account through the Austrian Post customer service work? Identity verification for your Business Austrian Post account is also available through our Österreichische Post customer service: Create your account on post.at Complete the contact form Our Österreichische Post customer service will review your documents, verify your identity, and inform you via e-mail For additional information and other identity verification options, please click here . How long does it take for my domestic parcel to arrive? More than 97% of all domestic parcels are delivered within 2 business days. Domestic Post Express items are delivered by 1:00 p.m. on the following business day. For information about international items, please see our rate calculator . How much does it cost to ship my letter, parcel, etc.? For detailed information, please see our rate calculator . Are stamp subscriptions available? Click here for comprehensive information about our stamp subscriptions . Phishing – how do I know if the sender of a message is actually Austrian Post? E-mails and/or text messages are repeatedly sent out, pretending to be messages from Austrian Post. These points will help you determine if it is a so-called phishing message (i.e., a message sent with fraudulent intent): Have you recently used a service from Austrian Post? Take a close look at the sender of the message. Often, you can already tell from this that it is not a trustworthy message. Our messages always come from e-mail addresses that end in @post.at. Never carelessly enter access data or confidential information when prompted. When logging in, make sure that the website is actually from Austrian Post. Delete any e-mails that seem suspicious to you. For detailed information, please visit our online risks page. All FAQ Contact Hotline: +43 800 010 100 Go to Contact Form Services Post Express Send Receive Newsletter Subscription Rate Calculator Real Estate Corporate Information Legal Information Data Protection Policy Declaration on Accessibility Alternative Dispute Resolution General Terms & Conditions Edit Cookie Settings Jobs and Careers Whistleblowing System Login Locations Items More