The Poughkeepsie Journal News Sports Life Data Real Estate Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Flu seasons continue to break records after COVID in NY New bill would move NY primaries in order to better affect national races See photos of New Year's Eve in Times Square through the years NY man pardoned by Trump returns to prison to serve 2nd fraud sentence Watch Now Must Read The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper More Stories Varsity 845: Links to Section 9 high school winter… Here's how much New York gas prices slightly declined… Beacon and Spackenkill play in runner up game of Duane… Poughkeepsie ranked among the best places to live in New… Forecast for New Year's, first weekend of 2026 in… Shopping Cross this event off your bucket list and make every friend jealous Relive the top sports moments of 2025 with USA TODAY's front pages Save up to 70% at Walmart’s seasonal clearance event News Flu seasons continue to break records after COVID in NY New bill would move NY primaries in order to better affect national races See photos of New Year's Eve in Times Square through the years Sports Vote for the Poughkeepsie Journal boys athlete of the week Vote for the Poughkeepsie Journal girls athlete of the week Varsity 845: Links to Section 9 high school winter sports results Life Give Your Brain a Break — Play Today These are the best 29 bars in America in 2025 Everything you need to know about lemonade, including how to make it Business Judge rules for publishers in Google antitrust case Amazon confirms layoffs. What we know. See if your numbers match Powerball's $1.8 billion jackpot drawing Opinion Can the NY Jets ever pull it together? Weary fans cling to hope Stephan Pechdimaldji How holidays can wreak havoc on your cardiac health Dr. Navjot Kaur Sobti How America's favorite snacks became Gas Station Heroin Nicole Avena Trending Dog treats recalled due to Salmonella contamination Sydney goes silent on New Year's for Bondi Beach victims Australia rings in 2026 with fireworks over the iconic Sydney Harbor Featured Gallery Extra, Extra ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN! Enter Today! Nominate Today! More in Contests New Year’s Eve weather in NYC. What to expect at Times Square New Year’s Day weather could predict your year ahead. Here’s what folklore says Vote for the Poughkeepsie Journal boys athlete of the week Vote for the Poughkeepsie Journal girls athlete of the week Where to watch, stream New Year's Eve celebrations in Times Square About Us Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Businesses Advertise Your Business Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Education Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.poughkeepsiejournal.com. All rights reserved.