Home Skip to content Solutions Mobile Operators UE DNS Infrastructure DNS Parental Controls Malware Protection DNS for ENUM Cable & Broadband Operators DNS Resolving DNS On CPE Domain Name Hosting Parental Controls Malware Protection Enterprises Infrastructure DNS Hosting Providers Domain Name Hosting Mobile Operators UE DNS Infrastructure DNS Parental Controls Malware Protection DNS for ENUM Cable & Broadband Operators DNS Resolving Infrastructure DNS DNS On CPE Domain Name Hosting Parental Controls Malware Protection Enterprises Infrastructure DNS Hosting Providers Domain Name Hosting Products Base Products Recursor DNSdist Authoritative Server Product Extensions Cloud Control Protect Add-ons Base Products Recursor DNSdist Authoritative Server Product Extensions Cloud Control Protect Add-ons Partners Support & Services Consultation & Implementation Migration Commercial Support Documentation Open Source PowerDNS Community Downloads Report bugs GitHub Wiki Contact Us Contact Us Meet DNSdist. The PowerDNS All-rounder. DNSdist is a powerful tool designed for a wide range of use cases: Load Balancing Intelligently distributes traffic for optimal performance and high availability. Caching Reduces response times and improves reliability, even if a primary DNS server fails. Encryption Supports DoT, DoH, DoQ, and DoH3 to protect user privacy and prevent interception. Advanced Protection With DNSdist Defender, block DNS tunneling, PRSD attacks, data exfiltration, and more. CPE Security Encrypts and filters DNS traffic right at the router, securing users before data even reaches the ISP. Discover how it can benefit you in our free DNSdist booklet. Download booklet NEW RELEASE Simplifying Synchronization with Lightning Stream Enterprise Check out our newly released version of Lightning Stream, now with incremental synchronization – a game-changer for large-scale PowerDNS deployments. For frequent updates to large databases, this means: Faster replication Lower bandwidth consumption Greater efficiency Regular full-syncs when needed Discover more Celebrating 10 Years Without a Severity 1 A decade without a Severity 1 support case underscores the quality of our software. This milestone is a testament to the stability, security, and performance of our solutions. Read more A Faster, Safer, and More Secure Internet PowerDNS is a leading provider of secure open-source and commercial DNS software. PowerDNS solutions are focused on large-scale DNS service providers, including mobile and fixed-line broadband operators, and hosting and cloud service providers. PowerDNS also underpins scalable security solutions from market-leading vendors. Providers trust PowerDNS to deliver an excellent user experience and protection against DDoS and malware attacks, as well as ensuring internet performance for Hosters and ISPs. Your browser does not support the video tag. Supercharge your 5G Network with PowerDNS Orchestration for many servers Deployment automation Remote configuration management Encrypted DNS: DoT, DoH, DoQ and DoH3 Network-wide or per-user security filtering DNS aware load balancing to optimize cache hits Find out more about our solutions Mobile Operators Cable & Broadband Enterprises Hosting Providers UE DNS State-of-the-art DNS resolving for the fastest most secure internet experience. Infrastructure DNS Power your network with infrastructure DNS. Fast, scalable highly-available and simply works. Parental Controls Provides safe browsing and supervision of what their children and others can access online. Malware Protection Comprehensive network security for today's and future internet risks. DNS for ENUM Provides number mapping with DNS and enables your ENUM solution. DNS Resolving State-of-the-art DNS resolving for the fastest most secure internet experience. Infrastructure DNS Power your network with infrastructure DNS. Fast, scalable highly-available and simply works. DNS on CPE Upgrade your CPE-based security with DNS encryption capabilities. Domain Name Hosting PowerDNS provides a full suite of applications to empower domain name hosting. Parental Controls Provides safe browsing and supervision of what their children and others can access online. Malware Protection Comprehensive network security for today's and future internet risks. Infrastructure DNS Power your network with infrastructure DNS. Fast, scalable highly-available and simply works. Domain Name Hosting PowerDNS provides a full suite of applications to empower domain name hosting. Find out more about our solutions Resolving DNS Resolving State-of-the-art DNS resolving for the fastest most secure internet experience PowerDNS for 5G Boost subscriber performance by up to 25% for less than 1% of your overall 5G network investment Cloud-native DNS The most efficient way of running today’s DNS installations Parental Controls PowerDNS Protect provides a secure connectivity experience for all devices at home Security DNS Encryption The DNS proxy and load balancer DNSdist brings DNS encryption to PowerDNS with DoH and DoT DNS for Security Vendors PowerDNS provides a solid foundation for security vendors to deliver end-users the security they need Network-based IoT Security Network-based IoT Security offers protection for always-connected devices Malware Protection Comprehensive network security for today’s and future internet risks Authoritative Domain Name Hosting PowerDNS provides a full suite of applications to empower domain name hosting Cloud-native DNS The most efficient way of running today’s DNS installations DNS for ENUM Power your ENUM solutions with PowerDNS Authoritative Server Proven Success in DNS and DNS-based Security Delivering scalable DNS-based security Delivering scalable DNS-based security by integrating PowerDNS with Allot’s DNS Secure Download Contributing to Quad9's encrypted DNS service Supporting Quad9 with PowerDNS for a privacy-friendly public DNS resolving service for everyone Download Providing BT with 5G-ready DNS Equipping BT with DNS to meet its current broadband, as well as future 5G and IoT, traffic and security demands Download Latest from our blog PowerDNS in 2025: New products and two milestone anniversaries Robert Brandt December 17, 2025 First alpha release of PowerDNS Recursor 5.4.0 Otto Moerbeek December 16, 2025 We are proud to announce the first alpha release of PowerDNS Recursor 5.4.0! PowerDNS Authoritative Server 5.0.2 and 4.9.12 Released Erik Winkels December 11, 2025 Today, we are releasing two new versions of the PowerDNS Authoritative Server. These 4.9.12 and 5.0.2 versions contain minor bugfixes over the... PowerDNS Security Advisories 2025-07 and 2025-08 Otto Moerbeek December 8, 2025 Today we have released PowerDNS Recursor 5.1.9, 5.2.7 and 5.3.3. These releases fix two PowerDNS Security Advisories: 2025-07: Internal logic flaw in... Mastodon LinkedIn GitHub Bluesky About Company Careers News Blog Events Resources Brochures Whitepapers Case Studies Brand Style Guide Documentation Legal Imprint / Impressum Privacy Policy 3rd Party Components & Licenses Sign Up to PowerDNS Updates Subscribe here