Online Sport Manager Game Online: 27 Managers: 2,012,527 Language: English Azərbaycanca Bahasa Melayu Bosanski Čeština Crnogorski Dansk Deutsch Eesti English Español, Argentina Español, Chile Español, España Français Hrvatski Italiano Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Mакедонски Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Português, Brasil Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Suomi Svenska Türkçe Vlaams Ελληνικά Беларуская Български Русский Српски Українська ქართული ენა עברית اردو العربية فارسی हिन्दी 中文 日本語 繁體中文 한글 More games Online Sport Manager Game Login Najnovšia hra Army Duel -  
                Online vojenská hra Ostatné hry Boxing Duel -  
                Online športová boxerská hra Racing Duel Online športová pretekárska hra Tennis Duel Online športová tenisová hra PowerPlay Manager is a free-to-play online sports manager game. Currently you have the possibility to play hockey, soccer (football), handball and basketball. You can create your own team and make your dream about managing a sporting club come true. Realistic game simulators will test your coaching skills against the opposition. Selecting the right players and tactics, creating the right lineup and setting up the players' practice are the keys to success in this game. Apart from that you will also be responsible for building up the arena and facilities of the club and, of course, managing the finances. You will have to master all of these things if you want to achieve success among managers from all over the world. The game does not require any installation, a powerful computer or a fast connection and you can play it for free. Moreover, you can watch the games of your team in a thrilling live broadcast. Images from the game Peter Štastný Godfather of hockey Member of the NHL and IIHF Hall of Fame About the game Register and play for free! Hockey Soccer Handball Basketball Tennis Formula Biathlon Volleyball Baseball Copyright © 2007-2026 - POWERPLAY MANAGER, s.r.o. - All rights reserved Contact - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Cookies settings - Site map - Advertising on PowerPlay Manager - Become our partner! Partners: www.tennismania.com - www.biathlonmania.com - www.skijumpmania3.com - www.athleticsmania.com - www.wintersportsmania.com - www.summersportsmania.com