Apps

Plans & Pricing
About

Resources

Start for free
Log In
Create beautiful website apps to improve your

customer service
You know your customers better than anyone. Design fully customizable website apps and convert site visitors into customers. No coding required.

Trusted on over 12,000,000 websites

3,000+ 5-star reviews

Start here
It’s helped us respond to inquiries faster by reducing the time spent on follow up, so we can close sales 3x faster.
Brandon Cepada, Robert is Here Fruit Stand and Farm
See success stories
Do you want to collect more leads and boost conversions, too?

250

%

more contacts collected

3

x

more visitors converted to customers

2

x

more social media engagement

100

+

of hours saved on development

Very responsive customer support. Richcarde M. walked me through step by step on a new method for page updates. Saved me hours of tinkering.

Map

Good Filling

Working great for years and the tech support is great!

Form Builder

OMNI12

Awesome, quick, and easy! Thank you for making my site look legit!

Instagram Feed

Woodies Drumsticks

Just installed the app. Looks great and works perfectly

Customer Survey

La Mome Bijou

Brilliant support from your team. Very happy with the product and your quick support.

Popup

Bex's Coffee

Looks great and works perfectly.

Registration Form

Nurture Your Pet

Got all the help I needed to showcase my work with PowerPoint image slider.

Image Slider

OnlyFridays

Outstanding customer service I love the app easy to work with . But I love the fact I can get an actual human to help me.

Email Signup

JetLife Travel

Absolutely loved the experience with the POWR! Our first time using it, we reached out through their live chat feature, and they responded in just a minute.

Comments

Black Forest

Let's build your business together
Regardless of your needs and goals, POWR has an app for it. Gather valuable information to drive more sales, and communicate with your current customers to build brand loyalty, referrals and overall customer satisfaction.
Collect Leads
Gather valuable email addresses and other useful lead data.
Improve Conversions
Display Information
Support Customers
Build Trust
See full collection
A single view of everything to maximize efficiency
Manage all your apps across all of your sites in one simple dashboard. Create new apps, keep track of your active ones, view all contacts and payments collected, and more.
Completely customizable with the POWR Editor
You will have complete control over the look and feel of your app, so it matches your brand styling perfectly and becomes a natural element of your website.
Colors
Layout
Fonts
Size
Button style
Border
Start your design
POWR Blog
Get our top blog posts once per week. Learn tips, tricks, and insights about running a successful online business.
5 Things You Might Not Know About eCommerce Accounting
Keep reading
9 Email Marketing Lead Generation Strategies
Keep reading
Seamlessly integrate your apps with your favorite business tools.
You use several different programs, platforms, and tools. We make sure they will all "play nice" with one another.
Any questions? We got you.
Go to Help Center
What is POWR?

POWR is a leading suite of affordable, easy-to-use, customizable website apps designed to help businesses of all sizes grow online. We offer more than 60 different website apps that integrate with 70+ platforms such as Shopify, Wix, BigCommerce, Squarespace, Joomla, and more, or can be added directly to an HTML website. No coding is required. Ever.




Our apps are trusted on over 12 million websites worldwide to collect more leads and boost your conversions.




We are headquartered in San Francisco, CA, with offices in Almaty, KZ, and a dedicated global team.

What is a website app?
Is there a difference between a website app and a plugin?
How much do POWR apps cost?
POWR is trusted by 500,000+ businesses worldwide
Very responsive customer support. Richcarde M. walked me through step by step on a new method for page updates. Saved me hours of tinkering.

Map

Good Filling

Working great for years and the tech support is great!

Form Builder

OMNI12

Awesome, quick, and easy! Thank you for making my site look legit!

Instagram Feed

Woodies Drumsticks

Just installed the app. Looks great and works perfectly

Customer Survey

La Mome Bijou

Brilliant support from your team. Very happy with the product and your quick support.

Popup

Bex's Coffee

Looks great and works perfectly.

Registration Form

Nurture Your Pet

Got all the help I needed to showcase my work with PowerPoint image slider.

Image Slider

OnlyFridays

Outstanding customer service I love the app easy to work with . But I love the fact I can get an actual human to help me.

Email Signup

JetLife Travel

Absolutely loved the experience with the POWR! Our first time using it, we reached out through their live chat feature, and they responded in just a minute.

Comments

Black Forest

1,114
users
Are you ready to join them?
Sign Up Free
Main
Blog
Plugin Library
POWR Business
Plans & Pricing
HIPAA Forms
Email Blast
Company
About POWR
We're hiring!
Terms of Service
Privacy
Support
Help Center
Tutorials
Contact Support
Report Abuse
Join Community
Get Involved
Affiliate Program
Success Stories
Feature Requests
Guest Blog Post
Featured Blog post
Converting Cross-Border Shoppers During Black Friday & Cyber Monday
Online commerce is an integral part of the overall retail business.Read More
Posted by on 2025-12-31
©2025 POWR. All rights reserved
Connect: