Video Maker | Make Videos and Animations Online | Powtoon Get 65% OFF +200 bonus AI Credits Get It Now 118M+ POWTOONS CREATED “Powtoon is the Canva for Video” David Suter, CEO Fast Sense Make Anything Interesting™ Easily create amazing videos and presentations Get started Enterprise ? Do business today with the tools of tomorrow! Unified AI Video Platform Animated presentations Learn more Style variety Try it now Footage-based videos Try it now Infographics Try it now Screen & camera recording Learn more Whiteboard explainers Learn more AI video tools Learn more Animated presentations Learn more Style variety Try it now Footage-based videos Try it now Infographics Try it now Screen & camera recording Learn more Whiteboard explainers Learn more AI video tools Learn more 118M+ Powtoons created Trusted by 50M+ Users and 96% of Fortune 500s Start with Powtoon Imagine AI Powtoon Imagine powered by: Transform your documents & ideas into crisp videos, maintain full creative control and make them unmistakably yours. Get started AI doc to video Instantly transform static files, documents, presentations, PDFs, and more into engaging videos. Get started AI scriptwriter Generate a professionally written video script that meets your exact creative specifications. Get started AI text-to-speech Generate natural-sounding voiceovers from text to give your videos an authentic feel. Get started AI text to video Instantly turn any idea into a a polished video with realistic visuals, synced audio, and ambient details – no editing, no waiting. Learn more AI avatars Deliver authentic, lifelike videos to any audience, in any language with your custom AI avatar, complete with lip-syncing and voice options for every project. Learn more AI text to image Generate high-quality, custom images from text. Just describe what you need, and get unique visuals tailored to your content. Get started AI captions Automatically generate perfectly synced captions and subtitles to make your videos more accessible and easy to follow. Get started AI translations Translate your scripts, captions, and voiceovers into multiple languages instantly to ensure your message can reach any audience. Get started Or choose a professionally designed template Pick from 100s of free video templates, fully customized and tailored to you. Explore template gallery Share unforgettable experience Demonstrate ethical business Communicate company policies Break down complex concepts Create safe environments Customization at your fingertips Get started Built-in AI tools From scriptwriting to voiceovers, avatars, and more, Powtoon’s AI helps you generate videos in minutes. 4M+ stock media library Easily find the perfect footage, images, music tracks, and sound effects to bring your content to life. Character builder Build your own custom characters by customizing their hair, clothing, facial expressions, and animated gestures. Screen & camera recordings Record your screen, camera, or both – then, edit your creation in the Powtoon studio. Brand control Ensure your content is always on-brand with custom colors, fonts, logos, and company templates. Intuitive drag n’ drop Move, resize, and arrange elements with ease. Just click, drag, and you’re done. No learning curve. Built-in AI tools From scriptwriting to voiceovers, avatars, and more, Powtoon’s AI helps you generate videos in minutes. 4M+ stock media library Easily find the perfect footage, images, music tracks, and sound effects to bring your content to life. Character builder Build your own custom characters by customizing their hair, clothing, facial expressions, and animated gestures. Screen & webcam recordings Record your screen, camera, or both – then, edit your creation in the Powtoon studio. Brand control Ensure your content is always on-brand with custom colors, fonts, logos, and company templates. Intuitive drag n’ drop Move, resize, and arrange elements with ease. Just click, drag, and you’re done. No learning curve. Your enterprise deserves a complete toolkit Learn more Secure by design Meet the highest security standards with ISO-27001 certification, GDPR compliance, accessibility features, and user management tools that keep your data, media, and team protected. Seamless brand management & collaboration Maintain brand consistency with shared folders, corporate templates, and brand locking. Streamline teamwork with built-in reviews, approvals, and a centralized brand book. Expert support & services The Powtoon Propel program is designed to help your organization and team scale video creation with dedicated success managers, onboarding, creative services, and tailored training. Advanced AI capabilities Power worldwide organizational reach with personalized, localized content. Powtoon Enterprise includes AI-powered translation tools, text-to-speech, closed captions, lip sync, and diverse avatars. Why 50M+ people love Powtoon Effortless video creation Bring your ideas to life – no design skills needed. Powtoon makes storytelling simple and impactful. Work smarter, not harder Create stunning videos in minutes with time-saving tools that do the heavy lifting for you. Maximize engagement across the board Turn heads and keep audiences hooked with videos that stand out on any platform. See what you can achieve with Powtoon Explore more Frequently asked questions What is Powtoon and how does it work? Powtoon is an online video creation platform that helps you easily make engaging videos and presentations. With drag-and-drop editing, AI-powered tools, and customizable templates, you can create professional-quality videos in minutes – no design or video editing experience needed. Can I create videos with AI using Powtoon? Yes! Powtoon offers AI-powered tools to streamline your video creation process. Use our AI video generator to generate scripts, add lifelike text-to-speech, create avatars, and bring your content to life faster than ever. Is Powtoon free to use? Powtoon offers a free plan that lets you create and export videos with some limitations. To access premium templates, AI features, full HD exports, and branding controls, you can upgrade to a paid plan. What types of videos can I create with Powtoon? With Powtoon, you can create explainer videos, marketing videos, internal communications, training videos, YouTube content, animated presentations, social media videos, and more – all in just a few clicks. Do I need video editing experience to use Powtoon? Not at all! Powtoon is designed for beginners and professionals alike. Our intuitive drag-and-drop editor, pre-made templates, and AI tools make it easy to create stunning videos, no experience required. Join over 50 million people using Powtoon Start now