All-In-One EHR & Practice Management Software | Practice Better Calculate how much more you could earn by scaling your practice beyond 1:1 sessions Calculate your ROI  Features  Practice Management Protocols Templates Billing & Insurance Payments Reporting Branding ePrescribe Automations Charting Integrations Client Engagement Secure Messaging Telehealth Scheduling Group Sessions Journaling Programs & Courses Mobile App Client Portal Practice Better + That Clean Life The integration for the most powerful nutrition planning Learn more  Practice Better AI ✨ Compare All Features Who We Serve  Profession Mental Health Professionals Functional Medicine Practitioners Health Coaches Medical Doctors Nutritionists Dietitians Personal Trainers Nurse Practitioners Naturopathic Doctors Chiropractors Group Practices Solo Practitioners New Practitioners Pricing Resources  Blog Explore new ways to build a great practice with more balance and joy. Customer Stories Discover how practitioners like you are growing with Practice Better. Demo Explore before your free trial with interactive, self-guided product tours. Templates Library Streamline operations with practice management templates. Migration Support Get support you need to migrate your files with no downtime. Help Center Find answers to questions, resources, and expert advice to help you succeed. Become a Partner Join forces with the leading all-in-one modern EHR. Community Find your people. Connect with purpose. Grow your practice better, together. Need help getting started? Set up Practice Better in 30 minutes or less  Resources Revenue Diversification ROI Calculator Calculate your ROI The $10K Health Coach Playbook Download the guide See all resources Sign in Start free trial Sign in Start free trial Grow your wellness practice with confidence Practice Better is the all-in-one practice management software trusted by over 50,000 practitioners to streamline operations and deliver better client care. Start free trial Try a product tour Trusted by thousands of health and wellness professionals across the globe Tools to scale your practice Explore all features We go above and beyond the expected features so you have all the right tools working together to scale your business, practice smarter, and elevate every client interaction. That’s what makes us (Practice) Better. Client Portal Make it easier for clients to make lifestyle changes with the support they need to succeed. Learn more Mobile App Provide access to the resources they need to stay accountable between sessions. Learn more Scheduling Everything you need to make it easy for clients to book when they need you most. Learn more Programs & Courses Create and sell engaging online courses, plus grow your expertise beyond 1:1 sessions. Learn more Integrations Boost the power of Practice Better by seamlessly integrating your favorite tools and apps. Learn more Proudly serving practitioners like you Chiropractors Grow your income by selling online programs, make charting easy with ready-made templates, and simplify payment processing. Learn more “Practice Better’s evergreen programs save me time on sending emails and follow-ups to patients. Everything consolidated into one program is just fantastic. I’ve considered alternatives like Kajabi and Thinkific, but clients prefer one easy platform.” Dr. Samuel Alexander Chiropractor Nurse Practitioners Automate daily admin tasks, grow your business by selling online programs, and offer a best-in-class patient experience. Learn more “Practice Better has helped me scale my business and offer my services to people around the globe. The services I offer are life-saving, and I couldn’t have made such a significant impact on so many people without the technology and the support of Practice Better.” Dawn Aiken Nurse Practitioner Medical Doctors Automate daily admin tasks, create protocols for patients, and make scheduling simple. Learn more “I wanted the ability to think outside the box of typical medical practices by creating higher-touch content for patients. Practice Better let me imagine new ways to interact and provide more scalable offerings.” Dr. Jake Behrens Medical Doctor Psychiatrist Functional Medicine Practitioners Automate daily tasks, communicate securely with clients, and seamlessly process payments. Learn more “If you use only one practice management platform, this should be the one. Practice Better has undoubtedly saved me hundreds of hours.” Josh Gitalis Functional Medicine Practitioner Naturopathic Doctors Create easy-to-follow patient protocols, offer a best-in-class client experience, and promote sustainable healthy habits through journaling. Learn more “I love to write a comprehensive protocol ensuring the client is informed and empowered. Food and lifestyle journals make the experience interactive in real-time, offering accountability between appointments, and the built-in messaging keeps my communication with clients in one place, so I’m not having to reply to emails, social media DMs, and phone calls.” Emily Harris Naturopathic Doctor Naturopath Personal Trainers Simplify your payment processing, speed up charting, and earn passive income by selling online programs. Learn more “In the past I wasn’t using software so it was very tedious and not as interactive with coaching through emails, texts, shared docs, etc. Investing in Practice Better was the best thing I could have done!” Fiona Groves Personal Trainer Health Coaches Automate note-taking, earn passive income by creating and selling online courses, and make scheduling simple. Learn more “Practice Better is user-friendly and secures all my onboarding paperwork, like consent and liability forms. The platform has taken the stress out of all of my administrative work.” Matt Hoffman Health Coach Dietitians Integrate That Clean Life for custom meal planning, process payments, and access a full library of ready-made form templates. Learn more “Practice Better helps me stay organized and have better peace of mind, allowing me to put more effort into my actual clients instead of software or systems that don’t work.” Rhyan Geiger Dietitian Registered Dietitian Nutritionists Create custom plans and protocols, process payments, and integrate meal planning seamlessly with That Clean Life. Learn more “Using Practice Better, it’s extremely easy for me to create session notes for myself, notes to share with the client, and recommendations. It’s simple to build protocols, give nutrient and hydration targets, foods to include or reduce, and provide supplement recommendations.” Ashley Wulkan Nutritionist Clinical Nutritionist & Herbalist Mental Health Professionals Run secure, integrated telehealth sessions, use form and note templates to simplify charting, and seamlessly process payments. Learn more “Our group programming also relies heavily on the chat feature. This can be one of the loneliest and scariest times for the population we serve, so having a chat they can go to and get support from outside the group is also a huge win for us when using Practice Better.” Lexie Belle Mental Health Professional Licensed Mental Health Counselor Help your clients live better with Practice Better So much more than admin  Automate admin tasks while delivering an experience that clients will love. Grow beyond 1:1  Everything you need to scale your work, revenue and impact. Elevate your client experience  Unique tools offer the unrivaled ability to support client success and accountability. Why health and wellness professionals love Practice Better Start free trial 4.8 From 250+ reviews on G2 "This is as close as I've found to the ideal digital health record system out there, and I've tested quite a few. I've fully set up and tried 4-5 other EHR systems over the years only to realize they didn't work as well and always returned to Practice Better." Buddy Touchinsky Chiropractor "I love having everything I need located in one place. When you run your business, there are many moving pieces and projects to keep on top of. Practice Better helps me stay organized and gives me the confidence that personal health information is stored securely and confidentially." Jackie Silver, MHSc Registered Dietitian "Practice Better is always looking for ways to do better and you can tell they really care about the work they do. Their goal is clearly for the provider and clients to have the best experience possible and that is felt in the product." Lexy Penney Registered Dietitian Practice Better is an amazing tool for supporting your clients and streamlining your practice! Aqiylah Collins Traditional Naturopath "By using Practice Better, not only am I saving a lot of time on admin headaches, I’m also setting a professional tone for the client and working more efficiently. Practice Better is worth every penny spent!" Derrick Harshberger Psychologist, Psychotherapist, & Senior Yoga Teacher “There are so many incredible ways to create charting templates that are easy to use (because we don’t love notes as clinicians, so why not make them easy to do?).” Lexie Belle Licensed Mental Health Counselor “Having the ability to have clients schedule (and reschedule) themselves without going back and forth via email on appointment times made a huge difference.” Meg Bowman Clinical Nutritionist “Practice Better allows me to focus on the things I am passionate about, which are not scheduling and billing or chasing clients down!” Jamie Reisinger Certified Nutrition Specialist “Practice Better has elevated my health coaching practice with its incredibly user-friendly interface and seamless integration with other software.” Yoko Kawashima Functional Medicine Certified Health Coach “Before Practice Better I had to use about 10 different software programs and stay up until about 3am in order to give my clients the service Practice Better provides with automations and technology.” Monica Boyer Ketogenic Health & Wellness Coach “My favorite feature of Practice Better has to be protocols. I love that my treatment plan and recommendations are in one place and clients’ have all the information they need to follow their plan.” Emily Harris Naturopath “Because I work with multiple streams of income, being able to analyze the breakdown right in Practice Better helps me know where I am standing with direct client care income.” Rhyan Geiger PhD, Registered Dietitian PRACTICE BETTER + THAT CLEAN LIFE Seamlessly integrate with That Clean Life Combine That Clean Life, the ultimate nutrition planning tool, with the leading EHR for a powerful, integrated experience. Effortlessly plan and deliver personalized nutrition care without ever leaving your Practice Better portal.  Access thousands of recipes  Track client preferences  Create personalized nutrition plans  Make food journaling a breeze  Add meal plans to programs and protocols  Educate clients with AI-powered health insights Learn more Resources for your growing practice Learn how to start, build, and grow a practice you and your clients will love. Explore our Resource Center Featured Nutrition For Your Business Video Series From pricing your offers with confidence, to improving dietary adherence, to scaling your nutrition business sustainably, this series is your go-to guide for turning passion into profit. Demos Explore before your free trial with interactive, self-guided product tours. Guides Learn how to grow your practice to its full potential with these expert insights. Templates Library Streamline your practice with ready-made, customizable form and note templates. Migration Support Switch over. Don’t start over. Get support you need to migrate your files with no downtime. Help Center Find answers to questions, resources, and expert advice to help you succeed. Community Find your people. Connect with purpose. Grow your practice better, together. Experience the platform that powers success for you and your clients Try any paid plan free. Start free trial Watch a demo Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Get started today Features Automations Billing & Insurance Branding Charting Client Portal Group Sessions Integrations Journaling Mobile App Payments Programs & Courses Protocols Reporting Scheduling Secure Messaging Telehealth Templates ePrescribe Solutions Teams Professionals New Practitioners Resources Blog Resource Center Help Center Community Become a Partner Reviews Company About Us Careers Contact Us Press Kit System Status Privacy Trust Center Cookies Terms Pricing Demo Center Compare vs. SimplePractice vs. Healthie vs. Jane vs. Practice Fusion © 2025 Green Patch Inc.     This site uses cookies We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. They also allow us to analyze user behavior in order to constantly improve the website for you. See our Privacy Policy . Reject all I want to choose Accept All Functionality Analytics Storage Ad Storage Ad User Data Ad Personalisation Personalization Storage Security Storage Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Accept selection