PragerU PragerU PragerU Watch Kids Parents & Educators Engage Shop Giving About Us Donate Donate Toggle Sidebar Your Gift Will Be Tripled! All gifts made today will be TRIPLED with 3X THE IMPACT! $10 = $30! $100 = $300!! $1,000 = $3,000!!! Give today to help us reach more people and change more minds while your tax-deductible donation is TRIPLE-MATCHED and has 3X the impact. New Year, New You Challenge Kick off 2026 the right way! Invest in your personal growth and become an even smarter, wiser, healthier, and happier you. Sign up to get some of our most transformative videos sent directly to your inbox for the next 7 days, for free. Master's Program with Dennis Prager 10 timeless lessons on life, character, and the world we live in. Sign up to get free access to every video from the Master’s Program with Dennis Prager. The Family Civics Sweepstakes Challenge Most Americans today cannot answer basic questions about how our government works, its history, or why our freedoms matter. See how your family measures up. Take the Family Civics Quiz for a chance to win $1,776! The Money Market: The Real Boss Financial Literacy: Cash Course PragerU Kids Meet the real “boss” of the economy—the money market. This Cash Course episode explains how changes in the money market shake up spending, borrowing Previous slide Next slide Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Slide 5 Latest Videos Latest Kids Videos 21:55 “Boys Be Boys” Is Transphobic? YouTuber Zachary Campbell Called Me Out and Attacks Nicki Minaj Respectfully, Xaviaer Xaviaer DuRousseau 52:32 A Decision to Trust: Turning Our Lives Over to God with Josiah O’Neil American Recovery Aaron Prager 5:43 Discipline = Freedom 5-Minute Videos Jocko Willink 23:56 Minneapolis Welfare Fraud, Immigration, and the West: Scott Jennings Explains The Brief Shabbos Kestenbaum 6:23 Judge Strikes Down CA “Secret Transitions,” Pentagon Halts Wind Turbines, U.S. Sees Q3 Boom: 12/26/25 The Wrap Up PragerU Create your free account and join our community Submit By subscribing, you acknowledge and agree to PragerU's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . What is PragerU? PragerU is the most influential media organization in the world that promotes the American values of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness through free educational content for all ages. Start Here From history and economics to faith and parenting, dive into your passions or uncover something new! Get Started For Your Kids Looking to enrich your kids’ character and teach them the most important lessons in history, civics, and even entrepreneurship? Start here! Explore Kids Content 100% Donor Funded There are many tax-savvy ways to support PragerU, allowing you to make an even greater impact. Support Our Work Explore Our Shows We have shows that cover hundreds of topics to help you become more informed, more rational, and more empowered. Featured Shows Young Adult Kids Shows 5-Minute Videos The best ideas from the best minds distilled into five focused minutes. Real Talk Join PragerU CEO Marissa Streit as she interviews some of the most significant thought leaders and influential figures from around the world. The Master's Program with Dennis Prager Timeless wisdom from Dennis Prager in this 10-part video series created by the Daily Wire. The Road to Liberty PragerU, in partnership with the White House, is bringing America’s founding to life through cinematic storytelling—spotlighting the men and women who risked everything for liberty. PragerU Events Speeches from PragerU events are now available to watch on the PragerU app, website, and streaming platforms. American Recovery Join Aaron Prager for an inspiring series where guests share powerful stories of overcoming addiction, trauma, and personal struggles on the path to transformation and healing. The Brief Join Shabbos Kestenbaum as he interviews leading voices from around the world, delivering fresh insights and sharp analysis on breaking news. Respectfully, Xaviaer Join Xaviaer DuRousseau as he tackles the hard-hitting conversations surrounding politics and pop culture with a nuanced, “Zillennial” point of view. Subscribe and never miss an episode. Fireside Chat Join Dennis Prager by the fire as he shares his timeless wisdom. Dennis was seriously injured in late 2024 and is focused on his recovery. In the meantime, we invite you to explore and enjoy the full library of 367 episodes. Stories of Us People from all walks of life share personal stories and their love for American values. Short Documentaries Tackling the biggest issues of the day in search of truth and clarity. Parent Alert Jill Simonian shares crucial updates in education and sneak peeks of PragerU Kids K-12 content for parents and teachers to embrace American values in schools and home life. Man on the Street Real people. Real opinions. Zero filter. Candid, spontaneous interviews that reveal what people really think about politics and culture. The Wrap Up Recapping the biggest stories of the week you might have missed and definitely need to know. The Book Club Michael Knowles and special guests discuss the great literature that has shaped Western Civilization. American Presidents Meet the men who shaped American history. Short Clips Trending topics on the pulse of news and culture. Ami on the Loose Documentary filmmaker Ami Horowitz travels the world seeking alternative perspectives. Interviews Interviews with fascinating guests and behind-the-scenes footage from PragerU. Americanos Featuring the stories of Latinos across the country who embody the American dream. Previous slide Next slide Browse All Shows Trending 39:56 New The Truth About Nicki Minaj Going MAGA Respectfully, Xaviaer Xaviaer DuRousseau 1:34:23 Dennis Prager Reflects One Year After His Injury—and Warns of America’s Moral Crisis Real Talk Marissa Streit 21:05 Is Hollywood Forcing Sydney Sweeney to Apologize? Respectfully, Xaviaer Xaviaer DuRousseau 34:53 Rich Zeoli: Animal Farm by George Orwell The Book Club Michael Knowles 5:18 Multiculturalism: A Bad Idea 5-Minute Videos Konstantin Kisin 1:11:42 Zuby on Why “Anger-tainment” Dominates Social Media and How He Found His Purpose Real Talk Marissa Streit 5:40 What Is Birthright Citizenship? 5-Minute Videos Amy Swearer 5:11 Your Parents Don't Deserve This 5-Minute Videos Dennis Prager 31:10 Ep. 160 — Cutting Out Family Over Politics Fireside Chat Dennis Prager 32:33 Ep. 320 — They Hate Your Christmas Joy. Let’s Have More of It! Fireside Chat Dennis Prager 3:57 Merry Christmas or Happy Holidays? Man on the Street Aldo Buttazzoni Previous slide Next slide Featured Kids Videos 6:14 The Money Market: The Real Boss Financial Literacy: Cash Course 6:01 Episode 6: John C. Frémont Trailblazers of America 5:53 Government & the Economy Financial Literacy: Cash Course 3:42 A Little Extra Hustle: Against the Grain The Hustle Sabrina Cardone 11:08 Crunching the Numbers: Granola’d The Hustle Sabrina Cardone 5:53 Episode 5: John Sutter Trailblazers of America 6:31 Private Property for the Win! Financial Literacy: Cash Course 2:50 A Little Extra Hustle: Creative Brew Crew The Hustle Sabrina Cardone 6:14 Episode 4: Davy Crockett Trailblazers of America 5:29 Taxes IV: The Price Isn't Right Financial Literacy: Cash Course 10:33 Rise and Grind: Cozy Coffee The Hustle Sabrina Cardone 5:26 Episode 3: Lewis & Clark Trailblazers of America 6:53 The Imperfect Markets Showdown Financial Literacy: Cash Course 5:25 Episode 1: Daniel Boone Trailblazers of America 5:20 Episode 2: Johnny Appleseed Trailblazers of America 5:49 The Legend of Perfect Competition Financial Literacy: Cash Course 3:45 A Little Extra Hustle: Cutting Grass and Stacking Cash The Hustle 10:02 Reaping What You Mow: Yellow Hat Landscape The Hustle Sabrina Cardone 5:30 Is Market Failure an Option? Financial Literacy: Cash Course 2:32 A Little Extra Hustle: Primed for Profit The Hustle Sabrina Cardone Previous slide Next slide 🔥 Buzzworthy at PragerU Celebrate America Board Game Celebrate 250 years of America—right from your kitchen table. PragerU’s brand new, trivia-based board game is designed to teach players of all ages about key events in American history, the signers of the Declaration of Independence, monuments, and the values that make America exceptional. Family game night will never be the same. Learn More Buy the Game on Amazon Buy the Game at Walmart Buy the Game at Target Who Is the Greatest President in U.S. History? For decades, most presidential rankings have come from a narrow, left-leaning perspective. Our Presidential Rankings Survey set out to broaden the conversation by inviting voices and viewpoints that are often ignored. Learn More Celebrate America's 250th with Purpose! As our nation approaches its 250th birthday, PragerU is seizing this historic moment to educate the next generation about America’s founding, values, and greatness. Through powerful storytelling, engaging videos, and family-friendly resources, we’re helping millions of young Americans understand—and love—the country we call home. Learn More The Founders Museum: The Road to Liberty The Road to Liberty is an official exhibit of The Founders Museum with The White House and the U.S. Department of Education. This is a powerful tribute to the founding of the greatest nation in history. You'll encounter striking portraits and short videos of Declaration signers, revolutionary women, and defining moments that gave birth to America. Watch Now Host Your Own Museum Discover the Presidents Who Shaped America. Based on our acclaimed 5-Minute Video series covering every president—expanded and compiled into a hardcover volume—this book brings the stories of our leaders to life with clarity, truth, and honesty. Order the Book on Amazon The Ten Commandments 101 No document in history has had a greater positive impact on the world than the Ten Commandments. In PragerU's 10-part series hosted by Dennis Prager, you’ll explore the meaning behind each commandment and see why these 3,000-year-old principles are just as essential today as ever. Learn More Get Your PragerUSA Socks! Donate any amount and receive a pair of PragerU American flag socks, proudly MADE IN THE USA, as our thank you gift. Want the full set? Contribute $30 or more and we’ll send you all 3 pairs! Get Your PragerUSA Socks Show Your Support PragerU Merch The ABC's of America  | Board Book | For Babies & Toddlers $ 14 Celebrate America - Race to The White House Board Game [Pre-Order] $ 35 Flag Socks - Black $ 24 Faith Over Fear Hat $ 24 PragerU Throw Blanket $ 49 PragerU GOAT Tumbler $ 49 PragerU Tote Bag $ 24 PragerU College Hoodie $ 44 PragerU Quote Umbrella $ 19 PragerU Logo Sweatshirt $ 36 PragerU Sweatshirt $ 36 Next slide Previous slide Your Impact Thanks to our donors, PragerU educates millions of young minds every day. See how your donation changes lives for the better. Learn More Meet the minds behind our ideas Featured Presenters Dennis Prager Radio Host and Author Marissa Streit CEO of PragerU Xaviaer DuRousseau PragerU Personality, Commentator, and Content Creator Shabbos Kestenbaum PragerU Personality, Writer, and Commentator Jill Simonian Author and Host Franklin Camargo Political Commentator Michael Knowles Political Commentator and Author Dr. Jordan B. Peterson Psychologist and Author Adam Carolla Podcaster, Comedian, and Actor Abigail Shrier Author and Freelance Journalist Carol Swain Author and Professor of Political Science and Law Zuby Udezue Rapper and Commentator Ben Shapiro Political Commentator, Speaker, Author, and Founder of The Daily Wire Will Witt Political Commentator Larry Elder Radio Host and Author PragerU is responsible solely for the content of its presenters in PragerU videos and other PragerU-produced media. PragerU is not responsible for, nor does it necessarily agree with or endorse, anything said or written by presenters in any other forum. Download our apps: Apple App Store Google Play Amazon Fire TV Roku About PragerU Privacy Policy Terms of Use State Disclosures Cookie & Data Preferences © 2026 PragerU. All rights reserved. PragerU is not an accredited university, nor do we claim to be. We don't offer degrees, but we do provide educational, entertaining, pro-American videos for every age. View counts represent cumulative views from our website and social media channels. Facebook YouTube Instagram X LinkedIn Rumble TikTok