PrairieLearn Free sign up Login Product Catalog About Support Pricing Empowering learners with equitable and authentic assessments Start now for free! Schedule a Demo Mastery learning meets online assessment PrairieLearn is an online assessment and learning system that empowers instructors to create robust educational resources for students. Adaptive question variants with real-time feedback Instructors easily write questions as code, which automatically generate and grade infinite variants of themselves. Empowering students to master content Students are encouraged to keep trying new variants of the same question until they achieve mastery. Try me! Question 5: Ball trajectory Suppose a ball is thrown from a level surface at a 58.1 ° angle with a velocity of 2.1 m/s. How far will the ball travel? m New variant Grade Used by the best Instructors at top universities in the United States and Canada have been using PrairieLearn to teach the next generation of students. Universities 20+ Courses 750+ Students 180k+ Questions Graded 41M+ Write questions once, use them any time and anywhere PrairieLearn questions are defined as code, which is what makes them so powerful. Once a question is created, it can be reused in any future assessment. And students can keep trying new variants of difficult problems until they've mastered the topic—no need for you to manually write new questions. In-class activities Build activities to measure understanding during lectures, or create group assignments for lab sessions. Homework Students get instant feedback and can keep attempting problems until they achieve mastery. Practice Because question parameters are randomized, you can give students the chance to practice the same questions that will appear on tests. Testing Run automated tests in proctored facilities, or run bring-your-own-device tests in the classroom or online. Automation without compromising quality When using PrairieLearn, you do not need to be concerned about trivialising course material when offering computer-based assessments. In addition to standard inputs such as numerical, multiple-choice, checkboxes and dropdown menu, PrairieLearn will let students provide answers as graphical input, code, ordered blocks and much more! Open-source. Forever. PrairieLearn began life as open-source software, and we're committed to making sure it stays that way. With an active developer community of professors, course staff, and students, PrairieLearn gets better all the time. GitHub → Documentation → View demo course! Explore the demo course to see how this all comes together. Demo course Resources Support Documentation GitHub Research Pricing Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subprocessors Company About Jobs Security Accessibility Contact