PRB Skip to Main Content What are you searching for? Search Media Center Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Donate PRB Close What We Do Projects Data Center Data Sheets 2024 World Population Data Sheet Data Indicators International United States Resource Library Work With Us Work With Us Call for Applications Careers Government Contracting Fellowships Who We Are Mission and Leadership Mission and Values Our Approach to Localization in Global Development Our Approach to Artificial Intelligence (AI) Leadership and Staff Board of Trustees PRB Fellows PACE Alumni Financials Annual Reports Financial Statements Contact Contact PRB Permissions Requests Media Center Menu We believe data is powerful when it helps people live better lives. What We Do Double your impact! Every donation to PRB will be matched, dollar for dollar, until we reach $30,000. Donate Featured Story PRB's State Contraceptive Policy Scorecard Wins Anthem Award “State of Access: A Contraceptive Policy Scorecard” was awarded for Best Use of Data, Health. Read More From insight to impact PRB delivers insights with clarity, context, and compassion to advance people-centered policy. Our Approach to Localization Our Impact Featured Projects Protecting SRHR in the Context of Fertility Decline PRB and EngenderHealth, with support from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, will help the global SRHR community understand, discuss, and navigate concerns about declining fertility rates, so that women’s rights and choice are protected. EngenderHealth State of Access: Assessing Contraceptive Policy Environments in Each U.S. State PRB is assessing the favorability of the policy environment for contraceptive access nationally and within each U.S. state so that state policies and programming can be easily interpreted and compared. Arnold Ventures Counting Women’s Work With support from the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, PRB collaborates with African partners to generate local knowledge, build tools, and foster policy dialogue that position unpaid care work as a structural policy issue, anchored in national data, priorities, and realities. William and Flora Hewlett Foundation KIDS COUNT PRB analyzes data and provides expertise to the Annie E. Casey Foundation to track the status of children’s well-being in the United States, including data presented in the KIDS COUNT Data Book and the KIDS COUNT Data Center. Annie E. Casey Foundation Promoting Evidence on Early Childhood Development in East and Southern Africa PRB is partnering with the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation to promote evidence on ECD in ESA to improve the lives of young children ages 0-3 in Kenya, Mozambique, and Tanzania. Conrad N. Hilton Foundation View All Scroll to top PRB Contact Population Reference Bureau 1111 19th St. NW Suite 400 Washington, DC 20036 Phone: 800-877-9881 Email: communications@prb.org Affiliated Sites Federal Data Forum KidsData Population Dynamics Research Centers Subscribe to our Newsletter Sign up for our email newsletter Sign up for our email newsletter Stay Connected Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Privacy Policy & Terms of Service Permissions © 2025 PRB. All Rights Reserved