Sweet & Savory Dessert, Drink and Baking Recipes: Preppy Kitchen Skip to primary navigation Skip to primary sidebar Skip to content Recipes Desserts Breakfast Main Dishes Side Dishes Breads Soups Salads Casseroles Cooking Method Instant Pot Appetizers Drinks Holiday About Us John Kanell Meet The Team Press Cookbooks Preppy Kitchen Super Easy Seasonal Dishes and Simple Pleasures Shop Contact search... menu icon search icon search... Recipes About My New Cookbook Cookbook Shop Contact Follow us on Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube × Homemade Meatballs Christmas Crack Rum Balls Air Fryer Churros Bread Pudding Bread pudding is made with simple ingredients you probably have in your pantry, making it a great recipe to put together if you are short on time or have a loaf of bread that needs to be used. Serve this recipe for dessert or even as a decadent breakfast or brunch. Making bread pudding with… Read On → Mini Cheesecakes Mini cheesecakes are almost too good to be true! Perfectly sweet and creamy cheesecakes with a crunchy base filled with toasted pecans make for an amazing treat. I love them plain, but they’re phenomenal topped with some whipped cream or a dollop of pie filling! When decorated, they truly look dazzling on the table and… Read On → Homemade Cinnamon Rolls This honestly is the best cinnamon roll recipe (and Brian, who is a self-proclaimed but very experienced cinnamon roll expert, would agree!). I spent months testing this recipe to find the perfect balance of fluffy cinnamon rolls that were also super gooey in the center. Brian loves the centers, and I wanted the pan to… Read On → Black Forest Cake Black Forest Cake, or Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte, takes its name from the Black Forest region of Germany, where kirsch—its signature cherry brandy—originated. Despite its dramatic appearance, this cake is surprisingly easy to make at home. My foolproof, carefully tested recipe prioritizes balanced flavors and straightforward assembly so you can make this showstopper with confidence. The frosting… Read On → Homemade Caramels These chewy caramel candies strike an ideal balance of buttery richness and lovely stretchiness, with a classic flavor that tastes better than anything you could buy at the store. After many rounds of testing, I can confidently say that the secret to perfect homemade caramels comes down to two things: paying attention to the temperature… Read On → Rice Krispie Treats These are the best Rice Krispie treats! While homemade Rice Krispie treats often turn out hard or dense, I developed this recipe so they’re extra gooey, chewy, and nicely crisp from the cereal every time! The secret? Reserving some extra mini marshmallows to stir in at the very end, plus using the right balance of… Read On → Oreo Balls If you love Oreos and need a quick, easy, and decadent treat, you have to make my Oreo ball recipe! My recipe has been continuously tested by myself, my team, and countless readers over the years, all with rave reviews! With just the right balance of crushed Oreos and cream cheese, the truffles are firm… Read On → Molasses Cookies Old-fashioned molasses cookies are a delight. They’re chock-full of rich molasses flavor, lots of warm spices, and are so easy to make! You’ll love how soft and chewy they are—a texture I worked hard to perfect with many rounds of recipe testing. I developed this recipe to be scoopable straight from your mixing bowl without… Read On → View All Recipes Popular Desserts Puppy Chow Peppermint Bark Gingersnap Cookies Oreo Pie More Popular Desserts Primary Sidebar I'm John Kanell, founder of Preppy Kitchen. As a two-time New York Times Bestselling cookbook author and former math and science teacher, I'm obsessed with creating beautiful, foolproof recipes. My team and I are dedicated to rigorous testing , so you can trust every recipe to work perfectly in your kitchen. My mission is to empower you with the confidence to create lasting memories through food. More about me Follow Us On Facebook Instagram Pinterest X YouTube TikTok Buy My Book As Seen On Top Recipes This Month Waffle Recipe Peanut Butter Blossoms Sugar Cookies Peanut Butter Cookies Recipe Chocolate Crinkle Cookies Espresso Martini Footer As Seen On: The Brand About John Press Dessert Recipes Cakes Cookies Cupcakes Pies All Desserts Main Course Recipes Main Dishes Side Dishes Casseroles Instant Pot Soups Salads COPYRIGHT © 2015–2025 PREPPY KITCHEN | PRIVACY POLICY