Presearch - Private search engine. No Tracking. Twitter Facebook Email Copy Link Sign Up. Join Presearch to search without being tracked and to earn as you search. Presearch never stores nor sells your personal data Learn More about what signing up can offer you! Sign up with Google Sign up with Microsoft Sign up with Apple Sign up with Email Sign up with Web3 By clicking "Sign up" you agree to our Terms of Service and acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy . Already have an account? Log In Welcome, User who referred you, will receive PRE tokens once you have searched for 30 days. You have received PRE tokens! Thanks for signing up. Install browser extension Earn PRE tokens as you search Receive Presearch newsletter Start Searching and Earning By clicking Search, you agree to the selections above. Your Privacy. Our Priority. Join Presearch to search without being tracked and to earn as you search. Presearch never stores nor sells your personal data. Learn More Email* Password* Must be at least 8 characters Confirm password I agree to the Presearch Terms of Service Sign up Already have an account? Log In. Log in with Email Start browsing peacefully Email Password* Remember me Forgot password? Log in No account? Create One OR Log in with Google Log in with Microsoft Log in with Apple Log in with Web3 Forgot Password Enter your email to reset your password Email Send Reset Email Remember your password? Log In Two Factor Authentication Enter the code from your authenticator app Code Log in Session Expired Your session has expired. Please log in again Log in Reset Email Sent Check your email for instructions on how to reset your password Rate Limit Exceeded Too many login attempts. Please try again later Error Something went wrong. Please try again later 🌶️ Ready For Spicy Content? 🌶️ By entering, you confirm that you meet the legal age requirement for viewing NSFW adult themed content in your jurisdiction. This is 18 years or older in most regions, but may vary. Please ensure you are complying with local laws. This content contains some partial nudity and is intended for mature audiences. Viewer discretion is advised, as some may perceive the content as explicit. Not Today Get Spicy 🌶️ Processing... Failed to update PTA mode. Please try again. 🌶️ Leaving the Spicy Side? 🌶️ Are you sure you want to switch back to Trad Search? The NSFW features won't follow you through the door. Yes, Take Me Back Processing... Stay Spicy 🌶️ Quick Check-In: Are You Old Enough for This Spice?" Hey there! Just making sure you're of age and eligible to keep enjoying your search experience. Are you 18 or older (or the legal age in your area)? Oops, Take Me Back Processing... Yes, I'm Legal! PreGPT Subscription: Cancelled PRE Token Balance Help & Support Buy PRE presearch-icon-border-white-transparent PreGPT Subscription: Cancelled PRE Token Balance Help & Support Buy PRE Settings Learn Account Search Settings NSFW mode Enable NSFW mode. Meta Search Meta search button. Search Your Favorite Provider Sites Show providers on the page. Time Filter Filter results by time range. Any time Location Filter results by location. (auto) Reset Local Search Find results nearby based upon IP Geolocalization. New Tabs Open links in a new browser tab. AI Results Show AI results. Safe Search Enable safe search filter. Use autocomplete Return autocomplete suggestions while typing in search bar. Appearance Dark Mode Turn off dark mode. Dark Light Text Size Change results text size. Aa Aa Search Providers Show providers on the page. Colored Providers Icons Use colored search providers icons on homepage. Show Backgrounds Toggle background images on homepage and results page. Info Box Show info box on the right side of the results page. Background categories Pick from our collections. Choose Categories All Extras Search Stakes The more you stake the more you earn. Customize Providers Add and edit your list of search providers. Our Network Stats View our daily search stats. Keyword Staking Ads Choose keywords. Stake PRE tokens. Buy Tokens Purchase Presearch tokens. Presearch Nodes Join Presearch. Launch a Node. About Presearch Contact Us Help & Support Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Follow Our Social Share Search Your Favorite Provider Sites Search on Presearch Engine Use Presearch App NSFW Mode Let's Get Spicy Presearch is a private search engine that helps you discover more. Search freely — without being tracked, profiled, or manipulated. It’s the alternative to Google built for privacy, freedom, and more meaningful discovery. How traditional search limits what you find Most search engines track you, sharing your IP address and behavior data with ad networks that build profiles, adjust prices, and decide what you see online. Presearch blocks these systems entirely — encrypting your traffic, removing trackers, and protecting open, uncensored access to information through a decentralized network. Encrypted Connection Your IP address is removed from all our global premise servers Block Price Trackers We prevent third parties from setting price trackers on you Avoid retargeting ads We block third parties from accessing your personal data to target you How decentralization keeps your searches private Instead of one company controlling search, Presearch runs on independent computers around the world, keeping your searches private and results unfiltered. Mobile Browsers Desktop Browser Extensions Frequently Asked Questions What makes Presearch different? Presearch is a decentralized search engine that prioritizes privacy and gives you unbiased results. Unlike traditional search engines, we don't track your searches or build a profile about you. How does privacy protection work? We use advanced encryption and a decentralized network of nodes to protect your privacy. Your searches are distributed across the network, and no single entity has access to your complete search history. Can I earn rewards? Yes! You can earn PRE tokens for your searches. These tokens can be used to stake nodes, advertise on the platform, or traded on exchanges. The more you use Presearch, the more you earn. What are nodes? Nodes are community-operated servers that power the Presearch network. Node operators stake PRE tokens and earn rewards for processing searches and maintaining network integrity. Ready to take control of your privacy? Get Started Run a Node