Official website | Official Internet Portal of the President of the Republic of Belarus President of the Republic of Belarus Version for visually impaired ENG РУС БЕЛ Search ENG РУС БЕЛ Version for visually impaired President Status and Powers Biography Full Biography Commander-in-Chief Security Council Chairman of Belarusian People’s Congress President of the National Olympic Committee President Off Duty Hometown Family Vegetable Garden Sports Hobbies Moments Administration of the President Senior Officials Press Service Petitions of Citizens Public Hours Palace of Independence Virtual Tour Quotes of the President Famous People about President President to Youth Talented Youth Support President to Children President with Children Children's Rights History of Belarus Nature of Belarus State Structure Constitution of Belarus National Flag National Coat of Arms National Anthem How to Become President Events Documents Belarus Traditions of Belarus Belarus in Figures Key Facts Regions Brest Oblast Vitebsk Oblast Gomel Oblast Grodno Oblast Minsk Oblast Mogilev Oblast Minsk Economy Major Sectors Foreign Trade Banking System Taxes and Budget Investment Promotion of Entrepreneurship Economic Integration Social Sector Healthcare Sport Culture Education Social Protection Science Priorities and Achievements of Belarusian Science Human Resource Potential Innovative Development Intellectual Property International Sci-Tech Cooperation Tourism Hospitable Belarus Types of Tourism Tourist Attractions Civil Society Public Associations Political Parties Religion Interethnic Relations Mass Media State Constitution Structure of the State Legislative Power Executive Power Judicial Power State Symbols National Flag National Coat of Arms National Anthem Politics Legislation Participation of Citizens in Public Administration Elections Referendums National and Local Assemblies State Awards Title of Hero of Belarus Orders Medals Honorary Titles Prizes National Holidays Calendar for 2025 Calendar for 2026 State Bodies Media Photo for the Press Virtual Tour Letter to the President President's Weekly Schedule President Off Duty ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ All events President Off Duty IN THE SPOTLIGHT 7th Belarusian People’s Congress. Address to the Belarusian people and the Parliament December 18 IN THE SPOTLIGHT Interview with U.S. channel Newsmax December 13 IN THE SPOTLIGHT Official talks with Algerian President Abdelmadjid Tebboune December 3 IN THE SPOTLIGHT Talks with Acting President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, Chairman of the State Security and Peace Commission Min Aung Hlaing November 28 IN THE SPOTLIGHT CSTO summit in Bishkek November 27 Video All videos December 29 8:26 New Year’s charity event for children December 27 3:37 Ice hockey match against team of Vitebsk Oblast December 24 18:57 New Year’s Eve Ball at Palace of Independence Letter to the President Efficient work with people’s petitions is a guarantee of protection of our rights and interests. This is why it is always on the President’s radar. You can send a letter to the President via an electronic form on our website. Learn more Media Archives Photo and video materials chronicle the history and modern development of the young sovereign country. These are unique archives illustrating the most significant and interesting events of the presidency beginning in 1994 and continuing until this very day. Learn more Documents All documents Decree No. 448 of 21 December 2025 On the state program to guide innovation development Decree No. 447 of 21 December 2025 On simplifying procedures for construction and connection of facilities to distribution utility networks Decree No. 443 of of 19 December 2025 On the conferment of the special prize of the President of the Republic of Belarus Search for documents President Off Duty Special moments The closest people – family, the warmest memories – the hometown, things familiar from childhood – a scythe and a field… What is the life of the Belarusian President outside the framework of official events? Find the most interesting photos from the personal photo archives of the President here. Learn more © Press Service of the President of the Republic of Belarus, 2025 Standard Version About the Internet Portal Sitemap RSS Materials from the Internet Portal can be used in mass media and distributed in the Internet
without any restrictions regarding the volume and date of publication. Only a reference to the
source is required. No prior consent to use the materials from the Internet Portal on behalf of
the Press Service of the President of the Republic of Belarus is needed. No connection. Please check your connection.
If there is no Internet connection, you can still go to the pages: Main Page , President , State and President to Youth . Sorry, your browser is not supported. If the information is not displayed correctly, try to update your browser or launch another browser. Attention. Live coverage is over. You will be redirected to the main page in 5 seconds. Your browser does not support JavaScript. Not all website features will be available. For convenient use, launch another browser or enable JavaScript.