Skip to main content
My account
Select your language
English
Spanish
PW - Main navigation
Home
Understanding disaster risk
Knowledge Base
Community
Sendai Framework
 Search
Menu
PreventionWeb, the global knowledge sharing platform for disaster risk reduction and resilience
Six real-world disaster risks being tackled with virtual reality
By simulating hazards such as floods, landslides, lightning, and more, VR helps learners, decision-makers, and the public visualise potential impacts, understand appropriate preparedness actions, and build resilience.
Explore examples from around the world
Featured latest additions
Documents and publications
Unequal evidence and impacts, limits to adaptation: Extreme weather in 2025
Update
Sri Lanka: Adaptive social protection against climate &economic shocks
Research briefs
Greenland: What we know about rising seas
Research briefs
Climate modelers on partnering with Indigenous communities
View all recent additions
Highlights from the past week
Get updates in your inbox
PreventionWeb's key offerings

Welcome to PreventionWeb, the global knowledge-sharing platform for disaster risk reduction and resilience. Explore the site's main sections below.

Discover all our services
Search
Share your content
PreventionWeb editors will review your content and get back to your promptly.
The Knowledge Base
Explore all updates by their type: news, publications, resource guides and more.
Understand disaster risk
Learn the concept of disaster risk, risk assessment, and the value of reducing disaster risks.
The DRR community
Grow your skills, participate to events, find a vacancy and advocate for disaster risk reduction.
Country profiles
Discover in-depth country pages featuring essential data on disaster risk and governance.
Hubs section
Visit this repository of tools and knowledge aimed at enhancing resilience building across the globe.
Jobs and Careers
Stay current on the latest vacancies and current job trends in disaster risk reduction.
Organization directory
Discover a comprehensive directory of organizations actively engaged in disaster risk reduction
Discover PreventionWeb

PreventionWeb is the global knowledge sharing platform for disaster risk reduction (DRR) and resilience.

The site offers a range of knowledge products and services to facilitate the work of DRR professionals and is managed by the UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNDRR).

Learn more about PreventionWeb
Share your content
Follow us on LinkedIn

DRR Community Voices

Stories and perspectives from DRR practitioners and academics on reducing risk and building resilience.

Blog
Using artificial intelligence to fast-track achieving the Sendai targets
Interview
Uncovering local realities: a spotlight on a disaster anthropologist
Blog
From risk to resilience: the new metric housing markets need
View all DRR Community Voices
Contribute your experience
DRR Solutions

Concrete innovations, inventions, and strategies are reducing the impacts of disasters worldwide. These practical success stories and proven strategies address various aspects of disaster risk.

Update
Japan: 100 years of fortitude: Strengthening urban resilience
Research briefs
US: New analysis provides more evidence that heat standards save lives
Update
USA: How Alabama is becoming a model in disaster resilience
View all DRR solutions
Submit a solution
Community announcements

These are important updates, calls to action, and collaborative opportunities for professionals, organizations, and experts dedicated to reducing disaster risks.

Community announcement
Take the survey: Parliamentarian engagement in advancing DRR
Community announcement
REGILIENCE+ survey on climate change adaptation needs
Community announcement
UNDRR: Survey on advocacy and knowledge products for DRR
View all community announcements
Share an announcement
Collections
Topic guides
Sport and disaster risk
From school sports through to the Olympics, climate change and hazards are increasing the risks faced by sporting participants and athletes. Explore the relationship between sports, athletes, and disaster risk below in this collection of news and publications to keep you up to date.
View all topic guides
Words into Action
The Science–Policy–Society ecosystem for disaster risk reduction
Highlighting the crucial role of science in informing policy decisions, these guidelines aim to assist policymakers, government officials, academics, technical experts and those aiming to incorporate science into policy processes effectively
View all WiA guides
Learning from Past Disasters
Caribbean: Hurricane Melissa 2025
Hurricane Melissa was a Category 5 storm that devastated communities across Jamaica, Cuba and Haiti in October 2025. First making landfall on the south coast of Jamaica, Melissa was one of the most powerful landfalling hurricanes ever recorded.
View all disaster learnings
PreventionWeb on LinkedIn
PreventionWeb now has its own presence on LinkedIn! Stay up to date with the latest news, research, and jobs related to disaster risk reduction.
Like, follow and share
Upcoming events and training
Meetings and conferences
Oxford
8 January 2026
Online
Oxford AGRIIH Showcase: Building Agricultural Resilience Together
Training event
5 January 2026 - 13 February 2026
Online
Inclusive disaster risk reduction: Linking policy and practice﻿
Meetings and conferences
11 February 2026 - 13 February 2026
Online
DRR Academy 2026: Ethical, Sustainable, and Innovative approaches to Disaster Risk Reduction (DRR)
Meetings and conferences
Manchester
24 February 2026 - 25 February 2026
In person
4th National Conference on Societal Resilience
View all training opportunities
View upcoming meetings and conferences
Submit an event or training
Featured links
Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030
Documents, tools and processes.
International Day for Disaster Risk Reduction
A day that encourages every citizen and government to build more disaster-resilient communities and nations.
Careers in resilience
Watch and read interviews, as well as trainings to enhance your career, and new job opportunities.
DRR Glossary
Get to know the key terms of disaster risk reduction and hazards that might cause disasters.
Risk Media Hub
A toolkit for news media professionals reporting on disasters and resilience
Disaster risk communication hub
The risk communication hub aims to support practitioners who are planning public risk communication strategies with the general public.
Α Walk through DRR History
Discover the early experiences and works of the disaster risk reduction pioneers.

Advocate for DRR
Hazards do not have to turn into disasters, add your voice to our campaign and become a DRR advocate.
GAR: Global Assessment Report on Disaster Risk Reduction
The flagship report of the United Nations on worldwide efforts to reduce disaster risk.
Making Cities Resilient 2030
Cities on a pathway to resilience – making the city safer, preventing risks and promoting innovation and investments.
International Recovery Platform
Experiences and lessons on building back better in recovery, rehabilitation, and reconstruction.
WIN DRR
The Women's International Network for Disaster Risk Reduction (WIN DRR) supports and promotes women's leadership in DRR across Asia and the Pacific.

PreventionWeb is the global knowledge sharing platform for disaster risk reduction (DRR) and resilience.

Newsletter Submit your content | Blog pitches | Submission and publishing policy About PreventionWeb | Contact us

UNDRR Global footer

UNDRR is the lead UN agency for the coordination of disaster risk reduction. We help decision makers across the globe better understand and act on risk.

UNDRR Site directory
Our work
Contact
PreventionWeb Understand risk Risk data International Recovery Platform (IRP) ARISE Private Sector Alliance Sendai Framework Voluntary Commitments (SFVC) MCR2030 Sendai Framework Monitor (SFM) Training Events Research and publications
Update
Yemen DRR strategy and implementation plan
Op Ed
Kamal Kishore: Getting post-disaster housing recovery right
Update
Tajikistan advancing implementation of DRR and EWS roadmap
Community announcement
Take the survey: Parliamentarian engagement in advancing DRR
More social channels
Newsletter
Contact us

©UNDRR Fraud Alert Privacy Policy Terms of Use