Our website uses cookies, yummy!
Help us improve our website's experience by sharing anonymous cookies with Prey (and some real ones too, with chunky chips!). These are used to understand and improve how users like you interact, using anonymous behavior data. This data isn't commercialized. You can select which ones you'd like to share with us from this bar.
Show details
Allow cookies
Use necessary cookies only
About us
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
ES
Login
Get Started
Feel at ease knowing your devices are always secure

It’s simple: devices go missing, data is vulnerable, and we have the tools to help you handle it. Save time and worry less with a 24-7 device tracking & security solution made for IT Admins.

“Very valuable”
“Exceptional support”
“It just works”
Get started
Breach Monitoring
By Prey

A complete dark web monitoring system guarding your company's data 24/7

Identify your email & domain exposure on the Dark Web

Understand the scope of your data compromises: Credentials, financials, personal details, and more

Understand how your security protocols stand up against real-world Dark Web threats

Stop minor leaks before they become catastrophic breaches

Check your Dark Web exposure
What is Prey?

A single-platform Security Service that aims to solve the Tracking and Management needs of organizations of all sizes (and different backgrounds!)

Also, Prey is a dedicated group of people happy to give personalized assistance!

Who Benefits from Prey

Designed to support different teams and goals, Prey is a multi-OS, smart security tool with affordable solutions for companies at every scale.

Busy Device Admins

Overwhelmed with device management tasks? Get streamlined support with a single platform to assign, loan and label devices.

Compliance Seekers

Handling sensitive data from finance, health, and government sectors? Get data protection tools to boost security in high-stakes industries.

Remote Teams

Managing devices in several remote locations? Our device monitoring tools keep networks secure and responsive.

Large Fleet Managers

Managing diverse devices across teams? Simplify with our all-in-one monitoring and management solution, tailored for varied needs.

MSP Multitaskers

Juggling customer safety and organization? Our multi-tenant tool streamlines client management, keeping data separate and secure.

And Everyday People!

We know your gadgets are essential to stay connected, study, work and even play! Secure your devices and data, in a single app.

Why choose Prey
"We have not found another geolocation product that has the consistency and accuracy of Prey."

Ian Apruzzese - ACC


Prey is a worldwide service for simple yet powerful device protection, used by millions and trusted by thousands of organizations.

Lightweight. Powerful. Simple.

14+
Years
Founded in 2009, Prey keeps going strong!
7.7+ Million
Active Users in more than 170 countries
8.9+ Million
Protected Devices across the Globe
93.3%
Customer satisfaction in support interactions
Security and management suite
Manage
Prey
Full Suite

Tracking, Security and Management all in one.

Book a demo
See Full Suite Plan
Enhanced data security
Secure
Prey
Protection

Active Tracking with a layer of data and device Security.

Book a demo
See Protection Plan
Effortless tracking
Monitor
Prey
Tracking

Active Tracking and Location for device fleets.

Book a demo
See Tracking plan
Prey Starter

Always-on Tracking with essential security for 5 personal devices!

See Prey for Personal users
Set it and forget it device security.
‍"Quick to set up and easy to use. It adds a level of security that just lets me sleep at night."

Tim P.

Quality, reliability, and exceptional support.
"What I appreciate most is the consistency in meeting our needs."

Sara D.

Great tool for securing your devices.
"The interface is user-friendly and it just works. The team is always open to suggestions and will work to implement features we recommend."

Don H.

GPS Tracking made easy!
"Prey makes it easy to add (and remove) computers, tablets, mobile devices, etc to their MSP portal. Peace of mind for everyone."

Tara N.

Easy to use and it just works.
"Simple little install and then I can see all my devices in the dashboard. The support team is responsive."

Jasper T.

An affordable way to track and protect your devices.
‍"Easy to implement, lots of details on the devices being protected and a simple dashboard that we can use to find and manage our devices."

Bhairav P.

Set it and forget it device security.
‍"Quick to set up and easy to use. It adds a level of security that just lets me sleep at night."

Tim P.

Quality, reliability, and exceptional support.
"What I appreciate most is the consistency in meeting our needs."

Sara D.

Great tool for securing your devices.
"The interface is user-friendly and it just works. The team is always open to suggestions and will work to implement features we recommend."

Don H.

GPS Tracking made easy!
"Prey makes it easy to add (and remove) computers, tablets, mobile devices, etc to their MSP portal. Peace of mind for everyone."

Tara N.

Easy to use and it just works.
"Simple little install and then I can see all my devices in the dashboard. The support team is responsive."

Jasper T.

An affordable way to track and protect your devices.
‍"Easy to implement, lots of details on the devices being protected and a simple dashboard that we can use to find and manage our devices."

Bhairav P.

Our users said it best!

Take a look at some of our most loved capabilities as recognized by G2 and our users.

9.2/10
Ease of Use

A service that offers intuitive design, streamlined navigation and customizable features enabling users to accomplish tasks effortlessly.

9.6/10
Quality of Support

A prompt and knowledgeable assistance. Proactive outreach empowers users, making sure their needs are met efficiently and effectively.

9.6/10
Ease of Setup

With an intuitive onboarding and comprehensive guidance, the initial configuration is a streamlined process with minimal effort.

The latest
News & updates
Data Breach Response Plan: Part 1- Getting ready
Data breach costs hit $4.45M in 2023. Learn how to build a robust response plan with key strategies for detection, team building, and incident management to protect your organization effectively.
Incident response
Continue reading
Prey & Microsoft Intune: A thorough comparison
Can Prey and Intune coexist? We developed a guide to weigh up our differences, so you can decide what's best for your organization.
Device Tracking
Continue reading
Dark Web Monitoring Services: How to Keep Your Business Protected
The dark web is more dangerous than you think. Learn how to be proactive and not reactive, and keep your business protected.
Threat Detection
Continue reading
Read the Blog
Ready to give Prey
‍a go?

Join Prey and safeguard your devices with a cybersecurity system in place. Get peace of mind now.

Start now
Get started
Cambiar idioma a
Español
Prey Live Status
About Prey
About us
Features
Pricing
What's new
Products
Prey Full Suite
Prey Protection
Prey Tracking
Prey Starter
Features
Tracking & monitoring
Data protection
Device security
Device management
Solutions
By Use Case
Device tracking and inventory management
Data protection and security
Remote workforce management & security
Location-based security response
1:1 device program management
Device rental security
Compliance and enforcement
By Industries
Business
Education
Health
Managed Service Providers
Resellers
Resources
Resource hub
Blog
Help Center
Developer API
Prey Vs
Prey vs Absolute
Prey vs Intune
Prey vs Drivestrike
© 2025 — Prey
Terms of service
GDPR
Privacy
Cookies
Security & compliance
548 Market St. #30152, SF, CA 94104, USA