We use cookies to make your interactions with our website more meaningful. We also use them to provide you more relevant information in searches, and in ads on this and other sites. If that’s okay, click “Enable all.” To change your cookie settings and preferences click “Customize.” You can change your options at any time.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Customize
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Solutions
Show submenu for Solutions
 
Resources
Show submenu for Resources
 
Partners
Show submenu for Partners
 
About
Show submenu for About
 
Log in
Show submenu for Log in
Contact us

PriceSpider is now Wayvia. We’ve reimagined our brand to reflect where commerce is headed.   Read more →

ACTIVATE AN INTELLIGENT PATH TO REVENUE
Shoppable media, omnicommerce data and retail intelligence for winning brands
Request a demo
Learn more
slide 9 to 12 of 6
CONNECT.

Connect shoppable media and shopping agents from any channel to retailer conversions. 

ACTIVATE.

Activate omnicommerce path and audience data to power analytics, optimize shopping journeys and enable AI solutions.

COMPETE.

Compete with product-level price, availability, retail performance and AI-powered decisions.


From the rise of social commerce to new retailers and delivery services, digital first shoppers are everywhere, which means brands need to be everywhere too.
 
Now, AI is upending the landscape once again with agentic commerce, chatbots and dynamic product content. With Wayvia, you can activate an intelligent path to purchase to power shoppable media and drive more revenue. 

Learn more
SAMPLE INDUSTRIES
slide 8 to 11 of 8
Learn more
SHOPPABLE
MEDIA
Connect brand media to retailer conversions

Make every channel drive revenue—spanning social, search, brand.com, AI-driven journeys and more. Send shoppers to their retailer of choice, increase conversions and promote your product line. 

Learn more
OMNICOMMERCE
DATA
Activate shopper intelligence everywhere


Gather insights about your shoppers at every touchpoint from offsite, onsite, agentic commerce and beyond. Turn path data into shopper audiences, retailer scorecards and data modelling for AI applications through Wayvia’s AI-native MCP. 

Learn more
RETAIL
INTELLIGENCE
Compete with price intelligence, availability and more


From MAP monitoring with PROWL to competitive price and stock intelligence to channel alignment, gather AI-powered insights about retailer pricing, promotional, stock and performance strategies.  Ensure every product is optimized and available for every shopper along the path to purchase.

Learn more
32000
+
Global retailers
2000
+
Brands
90
Countries
20
Industries
WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY
“Through integrated eCommerce brand activation and customer execution, Wayvia has made a substantial impact on our online and offline sales.”
LUIS MARCOS
Global Digital Commerce Acceleration Lead
POWER THE PATH
TO REVENUE

See dynamic commerce enablement in action with Wayvia 

Request a demo

Activate an intelligent path to purchase to power shoppable media, enable AI solutions and drive more revenue. 

Contact us
Solutions
Shoppable Media
Omnicommerce Data
Retail Intelligence
Resources
Blog
Market Insights
Partners
Retail Partners
Agency Partners
Technology & Data Partners
About
About us
Leadership Team
Careers
Log in
Shoppable Where to Buy
Prowl
Price & Stock Intelligence
Custom Intelligence
Wayvia Help Center
Wayvia Learning Hub

© 2025 Wayvia   |   Privacy Policy   |    Terms and Conditions   |    Browser support   |   Security Information