Pricesmart - Welcome! | PriceSmart | Costa Rica My Recent Purchases Costa Rica Cart Shop Wellness starts here Products that take care of you and your family, at home and beyond Wellness starts here Products that take care of you and your family, at home and beyond Style Your Home Refresh each room with décor, furniture, and curated home inspiration. Style Your Home Refresh each room with décor, furniture, and curated home inspiration. Outdoor Activities Everything you need for your outdoor activities. Fun with family and friends. Outdoor Activities Everything you need for your outdoor activities. Fun with family and friends. Comfort for Home Refresh bedrooms and bathrooms with soft bedding, and plush towels. Comfort for Home Refresh bedrooms and bathrooms with soft bedding, and plush towels. Juntos por la educación 2025 Let’s help students with school supplies, books, and eyeglasses. Add your donation to the cart at checkout when you shop online, now through December 31, 2025 Juntos por la educación 2025 Let’s help students with school supplies, books, and eyeglasses. Add your donation to the cart at checkout when you shop online, now through December 31, 2025 Start the year choosing better Explore special diet foods, including organic, kosher, gluten-free, and more—all in one place Start the year choosing better Explore special diet foods, including organic, kosher, gluten-free, and more—all in one place Grocery Aisle Member's Selection Manufacturer Savings Business Services Discover What's New! Staff picks Featured Stories View All Categories Trans fat free No added sugar Lactose free Cocktails & Spirits Your Home, Your Style Wellness Gluten Free Organic Kosher Bakery Shop PriceSmart Kitchen Shop by Category Better Selection, Better Value. Our Members' favorite products Great price, every day Everything you need, online Do your shopping from wherever you are! Not only can you carry your Membership in the comfort of your phone, you can now also order your products!

Download our App now! Download for iOS / Download for Android Your contactless PriceSmart Credit Card purchases turn what you save into so much more. Learn how to accumulate Cash Back>> © 2026 PriceSmart, All rights reserved. V.3.0.32.0:26 8788de3eea99edf0e78857299c0b894095f4c594 Costa Rica Language English