Wayvia | Activate an Intelligent Path to Revenue Skip to content Solutions Show submenu for Solutions Shoppable Media Omnicommerce Data Retail Intelligence Resources Show submenu for Resources Blog Market Insights Partners Show submenu for Partners Retail Partners Agency Partners Technology & Data Partners About Show submenu for About About us Leadership Team Careers Log in Show submenu for Log in Shoppable Where to Buy Prowl Price & Stock Intelligence Custom Intelligence Wayvia Help Center Wayvia Learning Hub Open main navigation Close main navigation Solutions Show submenu for Solutions Shoppable Media Omnicommerce Data Retail Intelligence Resources Show submenu for Resources Blog Market Insights Partners Show submenu for Partners Retail Partners Agency Partners Technology & Data Partners About Show submenu for About About us Leadership Team Careers Log in Show submenu for Log in Shoppable Where to Buy Prowl Price & Stock Intelligence Custom Intelligence Wayvia Help Center Wayvia Learning Hub Contact us Contact us PriceSpider is now Wayvia. We’ve reimagined our brand to reflect where commerce is headed. Read more → ACTIVATE AN INTELLIGENT PATH TO REVENUE Shoppable media, omnicommerce data and retail intelligence for winning brands Request a demo Learn more /ˈweɪ.vjə/ (WAY-vyah) CONNECT. Connect shoppable media and shopping agents from any channel to retailer conversions. ACTIVATE. Activate omnicommerce path and audience data to power analytics, optimize shopping journeys and enable AI solutions. COMPETE. Compete with product-level price, availability, retail performance and AI-powered decisions. From the rise of social commerce to new retailers and delivery services, digital first shoppers are everywhere, which means brands need to be everywhere too. Now, AI is upending the landscape once again with agentic commerce, chatbots and dynamic product content. With Wayvia, you can activate an intelligent path to purchase to power shoppable media and drive more revenue. Learn more Sample Industries Learn more SHOPPABLE MEDIA Connect brand media to retailer conversions Make every channel drive revenue—spanning social, search, brand.com, AI-driven journeys and more. Send shoppers to their retailer of choice, increase conversions and promote your product line. Learn more OMNICOMMERCE DATA Activate shopper intelligence everywhere Gather insights about your shoppers at every touchpoint from offsite, onsite, agentic commerce and beyond. Turn path data into shopper audiences, retailer scorecards and data modelling for AI applications through Wayvia’s AI-native MCP. Learn more RETAIL INTELLIGENCE Compete with price intelligence, availability and more From MAP monitoring with PROWL to competitive price and stock intelligence to channel alignment, gather AI-powered insights about retailer pricing, promotional, stock and performance strategies.  Ensure every product is optimized and available for every shopper along the path to purchase. Learn more 32000 + Global retailers 2000 + Brands 90 Countries 20 Industries WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY “Through integrated eCommerce brand activation and customer execution, Wayvia has made a substantial impact on our online and offline sales.” LUIS MARCOS Global Digital Commerce Acceleration Lead POWER THE PATH TO REVENUE See dynamic commerce enablement in action with Wayvia Request a demo Activate an intelligent path to purchase to power shoppable media, enable AI solutions and drive more revenue. Contact us Solutions Shoppable Media Omnicommerce Data Retail Intelligence Resources Blog Market Insights Partners Retail Partners Agency Partners Technology & Data Partners About About us Leadership Team Careers Log in Shoppable Where to Buy Prowl Price & Stock Intelligence Custom Intelligence Wayvia Help Center Wayvia Learning Hub linkedin-in icon Email Us © 2025 Wayvia   | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Browser support | Security Information