Control every transaction, own every outcome | Primer Insights that cut through the noise Join the hundreds of other merchants who subscribe to the Primer newsletter and get practical payment strategies, real-world merchant stories, and fresh insights straight from the Primer team to your inbox. See the next generation of Primer. Discover our biggest product updates yet. Watch now. What We Released Book a demo Product Accept Deliver a payment experience tailored to delight your customers Optimize Increase the chance of payment success while reducing costs Manage Get one source of truth to unite your operations Accept Checkout Boost conversion with a localized checkout experience for your customers, wherever they are Centralized vault Unify and manage every payment credential in a single, compliant vault Workflows Build smarter, faster, and scale payments globally without touching code optimize Network Tokenization Increase authorization rates and reduce fraud Fallbacks Route payments to a secondary processor in the event of a failure 3D Secure Improve payment conversion by presenting 3DS only when it's needed AI Companion NEW Move at the speed of an entire payments team manage Observability Get unparalleled visibility across your payment stack in real-time Monitors Track payment metrics across all providers in real-time to respond to issues faster Reconciliation Save on tedious processes by getting one single source of truth Global Accounts NEW Simplify how you collect, convert, and move money Apps & integrations Accelerate your payment roadmap with on-click apps & integrations Unified payment infrastructure Gain the optionality, flexibility, and freedom you need to unleash your payments potential Primer for Partners NEW Join the network where every connection creates more opportunity Solutions verticals Travel Leading brands choose Primer to build redundancy and cut costs Gaming Primer is a payment infrastructure built for gaming Retail In online retail, a seamless checkout can make or break a sale Consumer аpplications Your app moves fast, your payments should, too segments Growth You have the ambition, we have the way to make it happen Enterprise Robust, Secure and scalable solutions tailored for enterprise growth Resources Blogs Our take on the future of payments, commerce and building great tech companies Customer stories Hear from our merchants firsthand how they use Primer to grow their business Research The untold story of payment pioneers The Primer Showcase Powering the what if economy, register now Developers Docs Updated Dive into our comprehensive documentation API reference Explore and master our API for seamless integration Service status Get updates on how our systems are doing Company Our vision An entirely new vision for payments—one that’s open, unified, flexible, and scalable Careers On a mission to transform the commerce landscape forever Book a demo What We Released The What If Economy Control every transaction Own every outcome Primer puts you in control of how money moves across the business. With our unified infrastructure you can orchestrate every flow, reduce friction, and capture more revenue everywhere. Get a demo Case study Andreea-Diana Paraschiv Senior Product Manager, Printify "Primer's capabilities power our global growth and offer our merchants an even more seamless checkout experience for their customers." Case study Jad Antoun General Manager for the Middle East, Lime "Primer can handle technical complexity and deliver real value, ensuring we meet regulatory requirements while focusing on what we do best." Case study Enzo Bermond Senior Product Manager, Cleeng "Primer is a battle-tested platform built to handle the complexities of global payments." Case study Arminas Šimkus Payments Product Owner, Eldorado "Expanding into new regions quickly and efficiently can be challenging, but Primer simplifies the process." Case study Arjun Muralidharan Director of Product, GetYourGuide "With payments, the more you try to build in-house, the greater the risk of diverting focus and resources from your core competencies. That’s something we’ve strategically chosen to avoid by using Primer." Case study Manuel Perez Head of Software Enginnering, Ego "We needed to move fast, and we needed a partner who could move with us. And Primer delivered." Case study Greg Rikkhachai ex Head of Payments, Banxa "In six months, we recovered over US$7 million in revenue using Primer Fallbacks." Case study Lucas Quinio Head of Payments, Conforama "Most payment solutions aren't user-friendly. Primer breaks that mold." Case study Panagiotis Sarafis Co-Founder & CPO, Ferryhopper "Primer has removed all of the payment complexities that stood in the way of our business goals." Case study Jérémy Lechardeur Customer Solutions Director, MDM "Primer is a modern platform built to deliver the flexibility and scalability a business like Maisons du Monde needs." Case study Shirly Katzir Kaslasy Senior Payments and Risk Project Manager, AppsFlyer "Access to development resources has always been my biggest challenge. With Primer, that problem has vanished." Case study Anthony Cugnetto Head of Product - Payments, Fraud and KYC, Dabble "My primary goals revolve around enhancing authorization rates and fortifying our defenses against fraudsters. Primer equips me with the tools to achieve these objectives." Case study Ian Mahoney ex Director of Engineering Platform, New Look "Partnering with Primer allows us to scale our payment infrastructure in line with the growth of our digital platform." View case studies Proven. Trusted. Built for Scale. $ Billions Processed every month 95%+ Of customer payment volume 99.99% Uptime worldwide The Problem Businesses only move as fast as their money. But today, money moves in silos. Payments are fragmented. Teams speak different languages. Primer is the foundation that connects it all, giving you the freedom to expand faster, streamline operations, and capture new opportunities. Expanding across markets and using new providers leads to fragmentation and a lack of visibility. There’s limited insight into which providers are costing us more than they should. Our team spends months building and maintaining integrations instead of focusing on our core product. It’s nearly impossible to optimize across our different providers, there’s no standardization. The Solution One source of truth for every transaction Scale without limits Break into new markets, support more currencies, add providers, and build redundancy to expand everywhere, effortlessly without waiting on engineering to rework your stack. Unify your stack Connect every service through a single integration and manage the entire money movement flow from one platform, with complete control over acceptance, routing, reconciliation, FX, and more. Optimize every flow Improve performance end-to-end by optimizing every transaction across its entire lifecycle to capture more revenue, cut hidden costs, and reduce friction for every team at every step. Take complete control See the full picture from checkout to final settlement as you track every transaction to uncover revenue opportunities, reduce hidden costs, and negotiate from a stronger position. Built for ambitious businesses of all sizes, anywhere Travel Fintech Retail Entertainment Platforms Primer's payments infrastructure allows us to give travelers and experience creators an unparalleled and highly localized payment experience. Arjun Muralidharan Director of Product, GetYourGuide View case study We saw immediate results working with Primer. Our authorization rates have increased, and our customers are noticing the difference and sending more volume our way. Greg Rikkhachai ex Head of Payments, Banxa View case study Primer gives us the tools we need to optimize every stage of the payment lifecycle. Lucas Quinio Head of Payments, Conforama View case study With a single integration, Primer gives us total control over our end-to-end payment flows. Anthony Cugnetto Head of Product - Payments, Fraud and KYC, Dabble View case study With Primer, we can build advanced routing with ease, and utilize tools like Fallbacks, which improve our overall performance and create seamless experiences for our customers. Arminas Šimkus Payments Product Owner, Eldorado View case study Primer Products Solutions for every step of your payments journey Accept Accept Accept payments everywhere Build the ideal payment flow to increase conversions, earn customer trust, and deliver seamless checkout experiences. Explore the suite Checkout Centralized vault Workflows Optimize Optimize Optimize performance and boost payment success Utilize dynamic routing, Fallbacks, adaptive 3DS, and network tokens to enhance performance, lower costs, and increase revenue capture. Explore the suite Network Tokenization Fallbacks 3D Secure Manage Manage Make managing payments a breeze Track, reconcile, and analyze your payments to gain complete visibility, streamline operations, and make informed decisions. Explore the suite Observability Monitors Reconciliation Global Accounts AI Companion All with Primer’s AI Companion by your side Work with an AI teammate that learns your business and ensures your payments are always optimized, monitored, and ready to scale. Explore Security & Compliance Backed by enterprise-grade security and scale PCI-1 & GDPR compliant 24/7 incident response SOC2 Type-2 compliant Your Move You’ve seen what can do. Now imagine what you could. Speak with a Payments Expert Stay up to date Accept Checkout Centralized vault Workflows Optimize Network Tokenization Fallbacks 3D Secure AI Companion NEW Manage Observability Monitors Reconciliation Global Accounts NEW Products Apps & integrations Unified payment infrastructure What We Released Primer for Partners NEW Resources Blogs Customer stories Research Developers Primer docs Updated Service status API Ref Support Centre Company Our vision Careers © Primer 2024 Terms Privacy