Pharmacy Benefit Management Solutions | Prime Therapeutics - Prime Therapeutics - Portal Skip to Main Content Members Client Resources Pharmacy + Provider Resources Drug Recalls Events Who we are About us Discover our purpose and how we’re transforming health care. Corporate social responsibility Learn how we're fostering a culture of care and shared purpose. Our solutions Solutions overview Explore our innovative solutions for better health care. Modern technology See how we’re shaping the future of health care. Drug access Deliver access and affordability while promoting adherence. Clinical solutions Improve member outcomes with expert clinical solutions. Condition management Help members manage chronic health conditions. Specialty drug management Get support managing high-cost specialty drugs. Government solutions Access trusted pharmacy solutions from the government experts. Single-state programs Streamline Medicaid drug management. Read, watch, listen Read Explore insights and articles from our pharmacy experts. Watch See how we are reimagining pharmacy solutions. Listen Tune in to podcasts for strategies on the future of pharmacy. Pharmacy Home Delivery Manage home delivery prescriptions. Specialty Pharmacy Get personalized support for complex specialty meds. Careers Navigate to Who we are Back About us Corporate social responsibility Our solutions Back Solutions overview Modern technology Drug access Clinical solutions Condition management Specialty drug management Government solutions Single-state programs Read, watch, listen Back Read Watch Listen Pharmacy Back Home Delivery Specialty Pharmacy Careers Members Client Resources Pharmacy + Provider Resources Drug Recalls Events Reimagine what’s possible from your PBM We keep it simple: People before profits. That's why millions of Americans trust us to manage their prescription benefits and make decisions that put them first. Get to know us Notice of data security incident: Learn more here . Pursuing Better Medicine Don’t just manage your pharmacy benefits. Build the future of pharmacy with Prime Therapeutics (Prime), a partner that’s reimagining what a PBM stands for. Reimagine PBM Experience a different kind of PBM We’re your trusted, transparent partner that’s reimagining pharmacy solutions to deliver value back to those we serve and transforming our industry for the better. Get to know us Transforming the PBM model Turning barriers into breakthroughs. Questions into trust. Fears into cures. See how we're reimagining pharmacy solutions. Please enter a valid video URL. The URL can point to any video file or a Youtube video. Our solutions Our 7,000+ dedicated employees are committed to challenging norms and curating innovative pharmacy solutions that simplify the complex and provide exceptional experiences for millions of people across the nation. Save Make medication more affordable Explore now Simplify Deliver an easy, transparent experience See how Support Help people achieve better health Learn more How we're different Prime travels a different path, creating a new standard for the industry based on four key areas of distinction. Truly transparent and conflict free We don’t steer people to our pharmacies or pursue the highest margins. Instead, we demonstrate true transparency to do what’s right for our customers and their members, passing value back to those we serve. Holistic specialty expertise With unmatched experience, we take a comprehensive approach to specialty drugs. We manage whole-person health and look at insights across both the pharmacy and medical benefit. Modern technology With exclusive access to the most modern, connected and intuitive pharmacy platform, we’re accelerating innovation to meet the moment for our customers. Purpose beyond profits As a privately held company owned by mission-driven partners, we aren’t just about making money, and we’re not distracted by short-term priorities. Instead, we’re creating transformative impact with the best long-term solutions. What's trending? From breaking news to insightful stories and event highlights, we've got every angle covered. Whether it's the most recent industry trends or expert perspectives, you'll find it all right here — because, at Prime, we have our finger on the pulse of pharmacy. Prime information technology team earns top industry honors Prime’s Quality Excellence Center and Infosys received the prominent North American Software Testing Award (NASTA) for Best Functional Test Automation Project Read more Prime supports community-focused initiatives with grants to 22 nonprofit organizations Foundation started by Prime awarded its fifth annual round of grants to strengthen communities and address critical needs Read more What's next in the drug pipeline? Prime's clinical experts share a monthly synopsis of new drugs expected to hit the market in January Read more Prime Therapeutics Pharmacy LLC Expires 04/18/2028 Prime Therapeutics, LLC Expires 04/25/2026 View accreditation Prime Therapeutics, LLC Expires 08/21/2026 View accreditation Prime Therapeutics Pharmacy LLC Expires 06/03/2027 Prime Therapeutics Management LLC Expires 09/01/2026 View accreditation Prime Therapeutics, LLC Expires 01/01/2028 View accreditation Prime Therapeutics Management LLC Expires 03/01/2026 View accreditation Prime Therapeutics Pharmacy LLC Expires 08/01/2026 View accreditation Prime Therapeutics Pharmacy LLC Expires 11/01/2028 View accreditation Login Portals Members and Consumers Clients and Health Plans Pharmacy + Provider Resources Compliance / Legal Privacy Policy Notice of Privacy Practices Terms of Use Nondiscrimination + Languages Subrogation Company About us Careers News Media Contact Us © 2025 Prime Therapeutics LLC Hidden