SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT 
Princeton University
Menu
Search
The search for the next big breakthrough at Princeton
What will be the next blockbuster research to emerge from Princeton’s labs? No one can say for sure, but history tells us research universities “are where the really huge discoveries begin.” A sampling of the promising work that’s in progress here to address society’s most pressing challenges.
Books by Princeton professors make year-end ‘best-of’ lists

The accolades for 2025 celebrate faculty novels and short stories, memoirs, poetry, and nonfiction.

NASA’s IMAP instruments gather ‘first light’ data

The Interstellar Mapping and Acceleration Probe (IMAP), led by Princeton’s David McComas, has begun to collect science data from space.

Impact and Awe

Princeton research discovers surprising new avenues for tackling cancer and other diseases. It opens astonishing windows onto the world — and the universe. It helps secure the nation’s safety, prosperity and competitiveness. Learn more:

Mapping the half-billion connections that allow mice to see
Partners in a new cancer research hub
Engineering new medicines, better AI, and more
Using chemistry to crack nature’s code
A global race is on to unlock the quantum realm. Follow Princeton’s research.
A new way to wobble: PPPL uncovers mechanism that causes formation of planets
Humanities at Princeton: Endless Possibilities

The humanities can take you anywhere — around the world and across time. At Princeton, the humanities come alive across more than 50 academic departments and programs, united by interdisciplinary connections that span the University.

Watch our YouTube videos and read more.

Art historian Rachael DeLue: ‘What makes us human?’
Archaeologist Samuel Holzman: ‘Our languages, our arts, our histories’
Classics professor Barbara Graziosi: ‘New ways to restore ancient texts’
Sarah Rivett, Early American literature: ‘Countless stories waiting to be told’
Humanities at Princeton: Taking big swings at big questions
UNIVERSITY NEWS
VIEW ALL NEWS
Katherine Ho, esteemed health economist and ‘true role model,’ dies at 53

A memorial will be held at 10 a.m. on Saturday, Dec. 27, at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York.

Four innovative projects selected for 2025 Schmidt Transformative Technology Fund awards

The fund seeks to enable researchers to make leaps rather than incremental advances in the natural sciences and engineering. 

Treasured ‘third spaces’ on campus help students contemplate, connect and find community

We visit some favorite spots for students to study, catch up with friends, or simply have a quiet moment.  

NJ AI Hub selects Plug and Play to operate its regional AI Accelerator

The accelerator will connect New Jersey AI startups and higher-ed-affiliated entrepreneurs with mentors, investors and partners, and attract other world-class startups to the state.  

Princeton seniors Maya Butani and Daniel Yu win Marshall Scholarships

The Class of 2026 members will pursue two years of graduate study in the United Kingdom. The two are among 43 Marshall Scholars selected for the 2026 cohort.

Princeton historian helps France mark 300th anniversary of a visit by Native American allies

Historian Elizabeth Ellis is a key player in a new exhibition that brings to light the little-known diplomatic history. 

Your voice can make a difference!

Join the more than 10,000 Princeton alumni, students, faculty, staff and friends who are Standing Up for Princeton and American higher education. You’ll receive a periodic newsletter with information and suggestions on how you can help. 

Watch these videos to see why Princetonians are proud to Stand Up. 

Nobel laureate Dave MacMillan: ‘Universities are an engine for progress’
Provost Jen Rexford: ‘In service to the United States and to humanity’
AI leader Olga Troyanskaya: ‘To tackle the most pressing health challenges’
Professor Jacob Shapiro: ‘Central to national security and diplomacy’
Rabbi Gil Steinlauf: ‘Unwavering support for our community’
Director of Athletics John Mack: ‘Academic freedom matters’
Sign up to receive the Stand Up newsletter.
RESEARCH ROUNDUP
New tool drives gig workers toward wage transparency
Andrés Monroy-Hernández, Samantha Dalal and Varun Rao, Department of Computer Science and the Center for Information Technology Policy
ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction
Dec. 08, 2025
Heterogeneous clienteles and dealer networks
Batchimeg Sambalaibat, Department of Economics
Journal of Financial Economics
Dec. 01, 2025
A diminutive tyrannosaur lived alongside Tyrannosaurus rex
Christopher Griffin, Department of Geosciences
Science
Dec. 04, 2025
EXCEPTIONAL FACULTY

Princeton faculty members are all exceptional scholars in their disciplines who are expected to teach as well as engage in research. Faculty work closely with undergraduates in the supervision of junior year independent work and senior theses.

Previous
Arvind Narayanan
Computer Science and the Center for Information Technology Policy

Narayanan studies the societal impact of artificial intelligence and machine learning.

Tina Campt
Art & Archaeology, Lewis Center for the Arts

An innovative scholar of visual culture and a founder of Black European Studies, Campt explores the tactile and sonic registers of images and contemporary art. She fosters collaborative creative expression as director of Princeton Atelier. 

Anu Ramaswami
Civil and Environmental Engineering, PIIRS, HMEI

Ramaswami, who also leads the M.S. Chadha Center for Global India, pioneered the science of sustainable urban infrastructure systems and its translation to policy-making.

Elizabeth Ellis
History

Ellis works with archives and contemporary Native communities to illuminate lesser-known histories of early Indigenous America.

Frances Lee
Politics and Princeton School of Public and International Affairs

Lee’s research on Congressional politics and policymaking helps the public and scholars understand and address pressing issues in American democracy.

 

Agustín Fuentes
Anthropology

Fuentes studies the behavior, biology, and cultures of humans, our evolutionary ancestors, and other species we interact with, offering integrative insights that counter more simplistic narratives of the human experience.

Anne Cheng
English

Cheng’s “Ornamentalism” advances a groundbreaking theory about Asiatic femininity in western culture and was an impetus for the recent Monstrous Beauty exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Chika Okeke-Agulu
Art and Archaeology

Okeke-Agulu is a celebrated artist, critic, curator and historian of African and African Diaspora art. He is director of Princeton’s Africa World Initiative.

Leonard Wantchekon
Politics

2023 Global Economy Prize winner Wantchekon came of age as a pro-democracy student activist in Benin. 

 

Howard Stone
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering

Stone’s fluid dynamics research connects engineering to chemistry, physics, and biology, with subjects including microdevices, swimming bacteria, flows of polymeric materials and respiratory virus transmission.

Bonnie Bassler
Molecular Biology

Bassler is a pioneer and global leader in discovering the astonishing ways that bacteria communicate. In January, she was awarded the National Medal of Science at a White House ceremony.

Sigrid Adriaenssens
Civil and Environmental Engineering

Adriaenssens is an engineering innovator, designing lightweight, elegant and resilient structures for sustainable buildings, bridges and other infrastructure.

Marina Rustow
Near Eastern Studies and History

Rustow uses machine learning to decipher thousands of Arabic and Hebrew fragments preserved in a medieval Cairo synagogue. 

Next
PRINCETON IN THE NEWS
Without affirmative action, elite colleges are prioritizing economic diversity in admissions
Featured: President Christopher Eisgruber
Associated Press News
Dec. 11, 2025
Often overlooked: Princeton’s language tables build language skills — and community
Featured: Center for Language Study’s Language Tables
Daily Princetonian
Dec. 04, 2025
Former C-130 crew chief earns prestigious Rhodes Scholarship
Featured: Hadi Kamara
Military Times
Dec. 01, 2025
#VentureForward

Through the Venture Forward campaign, Princeton has made audacious bets on talent and potential that will have a transformative impact on the future of humanity.

YOUR IMPACT
Student Life at Princeton

Princeton brings together undergraduate and graduate students from all backgrounds, and every corner of the earth, to share their experiences and perspectives with one another. Make your mark as part of our vibrant community.

LEARN MORE
UPCOMING EVENTS
VIEW ALL
Christmas Eve Worship Service
DEC
24
Chapel
7:00 p.m.
Capoeira
DEC
24
New Graduate College, Common Room
7:30 p.m.
University Holiday - Christmas
DEC
25
12:00 a.m.
Study at Princeton

Our approach to learning combines the best aspects of a great research university and an outstanding liberal arts college.

Areas of Study
Learning Abroad
Undergraduate Admission
Graduate Admission
Work at Princeton

Every employee has the opportunity to make an impact supporting our mission of teaching and research.

Faculty and Academic Positions
Staff Positions
Contact links
Contact Us
Accessibility Help
Directory
Visiting links
Plan a Visit
Maps & Shuttles
Varsity Athletics
Giving to Princeton
Academic links
Library
Academic Calendar
Student Links
Faculty & Staff Links
Footer social media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Snapchat
LinkedIn
YouTube
Social Media Directory

Diversity and Non-discrimination 

Equal Opportunity and Non-discrimination at Princeton University: Princeton University believes that commitment to equal opportunity for all is favorable to the free and open exchange of ideas, and the University seeks to reach out as widely as possible in order to attract the most qualified individuals as students, faculty, and staff. In applying this policy, the University is committed to nondiscrimination on the basis of personal beliefs or characteristics such as political views, religion, national origin, ancestry, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy and related conditions, age, marital or domestic partnership status, veteran status, disability and/or other characteristics protected by applicable law in any phase of its education or employment programs or activities. In addition, pursuant to Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and supporting regulations, Princeton does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education programs or activities that it operates; this extends to admission and employment. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its supporting regulations may be directed to the University’s Sexual Misconduct/Title IX Coordinator or to the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office for Civil Rights, U.S. Department of Education. See Princeton’s full Equal Opportunity Policy and Nondiscrimination Statement.

Princeton University
Princeton, NJ 08544
Operator: (609) 258-3000
© 2025 The Trustees of Princeton University
Subfooter links
Copyright Infringement
 
Privacy Notice