This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. If you continue to use the site without a selection, your consent to cookies is implied.
Show details
Allow all cookies
Use necessary cookies only
Sign In
 
Product Support
 
Contact Us
 
Features
 
Industry
 
Pricing
 
Partners
 
Resources
 
Demo
 
Free trial
Secure Cloud Print Management
Cloud-based print management software, flexible, scalable and easy to use. Easily manage and maintain complex print environments with modern hybrid printing features all users & organizations need.
Start Your Free Trial
Modern Cloud Printing
Print anytime, anywhere from any device to any printer

PRINT-READY CONVENIENCE

Easily onboard new employees and support roaming users with print-ready universal configurations.


GLOBAL SECURE PRINT

Release print jobs from any printer using browser or smartphone, or by card or ID code on many models.
Printix App. | Printix Go


DIRECT & MOBILE PRINT

Windows, Mac, Chromebook, iOS & Android.
Printix Mobile Print

HYBRID CLOUD PRINT ENABLEMENT

Add public-cloud based auditable home & remote printing to any on-premise or private cloud print management system.
Hybrid Cloud Print


WINDOWS ARM PROCESSOR SUPPORT

Enable printing on Windows Arm-based devices, including Microsoft Surface devices with Snapdragon processors, ensuring compatibility across your device fleet.

Printix lets you easily setup and manage any print environment

See it in action with our free demo, or chat with a sales rep to see a personalized demo

View Demo
Chat with Sales
Modern Print Management
N
	
Fast onboarding

Deploy automatically with Microsoft Endpoint Manager

N
	
Inexpensive to use

Only pay per active users

N
	
Central web-based management

Configure and control printers, print queues, print drivers and more

N
	
Supports any printer

No need to invest in a new certified printers or print connectors

N
	
Print-ready setup

Automatic location and group policy installed print environment. Auto install & auto cleanup.

N
	
Content-Aware Printing

Provide a smarter way to print by applying real-time content controls that protect IP, reduce risk, and deliver peace of mind (additional licensing required).

According to Quocirca’s Print 2025 study, 73% of respondents expect to increase the use of cloud-based print management by 2025.

Tungsten, Featuring Printix, Named an IDC Leader in Print Management for Its Hybrid Cloud Capabilities!

Explore the latest IDC MarketScape report for insights, expert advice, and a complete overview of our Hybrid Cloud Print solutions.

Get Your Copy
Enjoy significant savings

With Printix software as a service, you will significantly reduce the cost of print operations and relieve IT burden. Customers will typically see ROI inside 6-12 months.

No print servers required
Remove on premise hardware
Remove license cost
Remove server administration
Eliminate time-consuming print administration
Automated queue and driver installation
Enable self service

Printix offers a free one-month trial with all features included and monthly or annual subscriptions. For Enterprise, Education or Non-profits request a quote.

Start Your Free Trial
See Pricing
Introducing Printix Capture

Capture content from MFP or mobile device to email and cloud destinations.

Customize workflows based on your organizations needs.

Learn more
Thousands of businesses love Printix, you will too
See Our Testimonials
Secure by design
N
	
Single Sign-On with Entra ID, Google Workspace, Okta, OneLogin
N
	
Print jobs stay on local network
N
	
Documents encrypted and stored locally
N
	
Monitor usage and activity with tracking reports
N
	
Document names can only be seen by the owner of the document
N
	
GDPR compliant
Learn more
Printix Integrations

Printix integrates seamlessly with Microsoft Entra ID and Google Workspace so you’re up and running immediately.

Microsoft integration
Single Sign-On in with Microsoft
Deploy with Endpoint Manager
Entra ID groups
Azure Blob Storage
Microsoft Power BI
Learn more
Google integration
Single Sign-On in with Google
Deploy with MSI file
Google groups
Google Cloud Storage
Printix for Chromebook
Learn more
Need Help?


Here are our most common issues and how to resolve them

See FAQ’s

Search for product documentation and help files

Find Help Docs

Contact Printix Technical Support and open a case

Contact Support
Get started with Printix for Free

Test drive your complete cloud-managed print infrastructure and secure printing environment. Full feature access. No credit card required.

Start Your Free Trial
Printix Features
Hybrid Cloud Printing
Mobile Printing
Home Office printing
Azure Printing
Chrome Printing
Capture
Power BI Report
Printix for
Business
Education
Nonprofits
Partners
Become a Partner
Partner Login
Help & Support
FAQs
Documentation
Knowledgebase
Contact Support
Integrations
Microsoft
Google
Learn More
Free Trial
Pricing
Free Demo
Testimonials
About us
Contact Us
Terms of Service Privacy Trust / Security
© 2025 Tungsten Automation Corporation