Prisma | Instant Postgres plus an ORM for simpler db workflows Products Pricing Resources Partners Docs Blog 0 K Login Get Started Postgres that fits how you build A Postgres database that fits neatly into your workflow, scales with your app, and gets out of your way. From first commit to production, built for how you ship today. Create database or npx prisma init --db Your database, right in your workflow Local and remote MCP server Use AI to configure and manage databases. Manage databases in your editor Create, manage and explore databases directly in your IDE. Type-safe queries and auto-completion Code faster with auto-completion and type safety. Work collaboratively Manage projects and databases with your team. Browse your data Explore, filter, and edit your data with an interface. Postgres that fits your stack. Works with your existing stack, wherever you deploy. Next.js on Vercel, Hono on Cloudflare, BetterAuth or rolling your own auth. Your choice of ORM, frameworks, and tools, they all just connect. No special configs, connection pooling and edge compatibility are built in. Real Postgres. Better experience. The PostgreSQL millions know and trust in production, ready in seconds with zero configuration. Scales from your first user to the millionth, with bare-metal performance. Automatic backups, observability and compliance. Production-ready from day one, managed automatically. Building a platform, AI tool, or dev environment? Give your users instant production-ready Postgres. Let your users spin up Postgres instantly with our API. Create databases programmatically, add a built-in data browser, and make it feel part of your product. And if you need app deployments as well, we have an integrated solution with Vercel. Learn More → TRUSTED BY MORE THAN 500k MONTHLY ACTIVE DEVELOPERS GLOBALLY We adopted Prisma conventions as our standard , and it saves lots of time having from reinventing things ourselves. Yuval Hazaz CEO Amplication Thanks to Prisma, we can seamlessly scale our applications without concerns about data layer performance. Matti Nannt Co-founder Formbricks Underrated: Prisma 🐐 Entire SaaS businesses have been built on top of the Prisma ecosystem— including OSS ones like Dub.co. Have been loving the recent performance improvements as well 🔥 Steven Tey Founder Dub.co With Prisma, we migrated a core production system from MySQL to SQL Server with zero downtime simply by swapping a few references and updating our schema. I can't imagine building systems without it; it's instrumental to major projects at Lush. Niko Guerra Senior Backend Engineering Manager Lush Prisma helps us unify data access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move very quickly whilst staying flexible. Tom Hutchinson Head of Mobile Rapha Prisma Postgres has really good DX. It's easy, simple, straightforward. I don't spend time on deployment. It just works. Martin Adams Founder Fluidwave Prisma has a low learning curve. Productivity becomes higher because it gets combined with end-to-end type-safety using TypeScript. Ricardo Almeida Software Engineer Grover It's the kind of DX that lets me get stuff done in between my daughter's naps. Nicolás Torres Fullstack Engineer Backbase I have been using Prisma since day one, and it has become my number one choice for ORM. It’s the default in @supastarter , and even though things like Drizzle might be more lightweight, the DX of Prisma is just unbeaten . Jonathan Wilke Frontend Dev Juniqe Prisma Accelerate handled 670,000+ webhooks from Shopify when the orders webhook from 2022/23 was fired, which cost us about $11. Not bad for accidentally being DDoS'd to a Heroku Postgres instance with zero downtime , and all the entries made it through. Harshdeep Singh Hura Shopify App Developer and Consultant @kinngh Prisma spares me the hassle of keeping my database in sync, allowing me to develop my product with complete confidence. Dries Augustyns Founder Plunk I like how the Prisma docs made it easy to jump straight into using it without needing to do a huge amount of reading, and I instantly felt the benefits. Daniel Cranney Developer Advocate WeAreDevelopers Huge fan of Prisma! The Schema file is great for Cursor. You literally never have to write a CRUD operation again. Jake Colling Experimenting with LLM powered apps I've been building the backend on @stockleapp with Prisma since the beginning, and I've got to say, it has worked like a charm Joonatan Building Stockle App I keep switching from Prisma to whatever the latest flavor is, but always end up coming back to Prisma. Ian Hunter Pushing electrons OpenSeas Accelerate is a perfect fit for landing pages. We take advantage of caching to speed up queries and reduce latency, making them lightning-fast. This means we have a faster landing page, leading to better conversion. Blake Carroll CTO Solin I love how Prisma makes my life as a developer so easy. The TypeScript autocompletion is the best I've used, having tried many different ORMs. The migrations are a breeze. And I love how easy it is to get a full view of your database from the Prisma schema file. It's all in one place in readable format. Elie Steinbock Founder Inbox Zero I love the Prisma typing system! Stack Auth relies heavily on it. Zai Shi Co-founder Stack Auth Prisma enabled me to easily manage authentication as well as users' paid status. Prisma Accelerate was a huge boost to my productivity, cutting latency issues I was encountering with Vercel SQL. Cody Bontecou Founder i18nlocale What I love most about Postiz is Prisma. It lets me switch between SQL databases effortlessly. I've used other ORMs before such as Eloquent (Laravel), but nothing matches Prisma's typing and features! Nevo David Founder Postiz Prisma's typesafe SQL is a great feature. It fills a great abstraction gap that existed prior to this. Earlier, I would have to fall back straight to pgtyped. Harshal Patil Staff Engineer Meister Imagine never typing out a migration again. Yeah, that's basically what Prisma does for you. Has saved me literal hours of time, and can for you too. Chris Lis Dev Educator ChrisCourses Prisma has been instrumental in building ReUI, by providing a fully abstracted database layer. It accelerated our development speed several times over, letting us focus on business logic with a beautiful API and top-notch transaction support. Shuhrat Saipov Co-founder ReUI For myBeat, we migrated our legacy codebase to Prisma very easily using Prisma ORM’s introspection feature as we were moving from CakePHP to Node.js. Jim Hendriks Tech Lead myBeat We adopted Prisma conventions as our standard , and it saves lots of time having from reinventing things ourselves. Yuval Hazaz CEO Amplication Thanks to Prisma, we can seamlessly scale our applications without concerns about data layer performance. Matti Nannt Co-founder Formbricks Underrated: Prisma 🐐 Entire SaaS businesses have been built on top of the Prisma ecosystem— including OSS ones like Dub.co. Have been loving the recent performance improvements as well 🔥 Steven Tey Founder Dub.co With Prisma, we migrated a core production system from MySQL to SQL Server with zero downtime simply by swapping a few references and updating our schema. I can't imagine building systems without it; it's instrumental to major projects at Lush. Niko Guerra Senior Backend Engineering Manager Lush Prisma helps us unify data access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move very quickly whilst staying flexible. Tom Hutchinson Head of Mobile Rapha Prisma Postgres has really good DX. It's easy, simple, straightforward. I don't spend time on deployment. It just works. Martin Adams Founder Fluidwave Prisma has a low learning curve. Productivity becomes higher because it gets combined with end-to-end type-safety using TypeScript. Ricardo Almeida Software Engineer Grover It's the kind of DX that lets me get stuff done in between my daughter's naps. Nicolás Torres Fullstack Engineer Backbase I have been using Prisma since day one, and it has become my number one choice for ORM. It’s the default in @supastarter , and even though things like Drizzle might be more lightweight, the DX of Prisma is just unbeaten . Jonathan Wilke Frontend Dev Juniqe Prisma Accelerate handled 670,000+ webhooks from Shopify when the orders webhook from 2022/23 was fired, which cost us about $11. Not bad for accidentally being DDoS'd to a Heroku Postgres instance with zero downtime , and all the entries made it through. Harshdeep Singh Hura Shopify App Developer and Consultant @kinngh Prisma spares me the hassle of keeping my database in sync, allowing me to develop my product with complete confidence. Dries Augustyns Founder Plunk I like how the Prisma docs made it easy to jump straight into using it without needing to do a huge amount of reading, and I instantly felt the benefits. Daniel Cranney Developer Advocate WeAreDevelopers Huge fan of Prisma! The Schema file is great for Cursor. You literally never have to write a CRUD operation again. Jake Colling Experimenting with LLM powered apps I've been building the backend on @stockleapp with Prisma since the beginning, and I've got to say, it has worked like a charm Joonatan Building Stockle App I keep switching from Prisma to whatever the latest flavor is, but always end up coming back to Prisma. Ian Hunter Pushing electrons OpenSeas Accelerate is a perfect fit for landing pages. We take advantage of caching to speed up queries and reduce latency, making them lightning-fast. This means we have a faster landing page, leading to better conversion. Blake Carroll CTO Solin I love how Prisma makes my life as a developer so easy. The TypeScript autocompletion is the best I've used, having tried many different ORMs. The migrations are a breeze. And I love how easy it is to get a full view of your database from the Prisma schema file. It's all in one place in readable format. Elie Steinbock Founder Inbox Zero I love the Prisma typing system! Stack Auth relies heavily on it. Zai Shi Co-founder Stack Auth Prisma enabled me to easily manage authentication as well as users' paid status. Prisma Accelerate was a huge boost to my productivity, cutting latency issues I was encountering with Vercel SQL. Cody Bontecou Founder i18nlocale What I love most about Postiz is Prisma. It lets me switch between SQL databases effortlessly. I've used other ORMs before such as Eloquent (Laravel), but nothing matches Prisma's typing and features! Nevo David Founder Postiz Prisma's typesafe SQL is a great feature. It fills a great abstraction gap that existed prior to this. Earlier, I would have to fall back straight to pgtyped. Harshal Patil Staff Engineer Meister Imagine never typing out a migration again. Yeah, that's basically what Prisma does for you. Has saved me literal hours of time, and can for you too. Chris Lis Dev Educator ChrisCourses Prisma has been instrumental in building ReUI, by providing a fully abstracted database layer. It accelerated our development speed several times over, letting us focus on business logic with a beautiful API and top-notch transaction support. Shuhrat Saipov Co-founder ReUI For myBeat, we migrated our legacy codebase to Prisma very easily using Prisma ORM’s introspection feature as we were moving from CakePHP to Node.js. Jim Hendriks Tech Lead myBeat We adopted Prisma conventions as our standard , and it saves lots of time having from reinventing things ourselves. Yuval Hazaz CEO Amplication Thanks to Prisma, we can seamlessly scale our applications without concerns about data layer performance. Matti Nannt Co-founder Formbricks Underrated: Prisma 🐐 Entire SaaS businesses have been built on top of the Prisma ecosystem— including OSS ones like Dub.co. Have been loving the recent performance improvements as well 🔥 Steven Tey Founder Dub.co With Prisma, we migrated a core production system from MySQL to SQL Server with zero downtime simply by swapping a few references and updating our schema. I can't imagine building systems without it; it's instrumental to major projects at Lush. Niko Guerra Senior Backend Engineering Manager Lush Prisma helps us unify data access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move very quickly whilst staying flexible. Tom Hutchinson Head of Mobile Rapha Prisma Postgres has really good DX. It's easy, simple, straightforward. I don't spend time on deployment. It just works. Martin Adams Founder Fluidwave Prisma has a low learning curve. Productivity becomes higher because it gets combined with end-to-end type-safety using TypeScript. Ricardo Almeida Software Engineer Grover It's the kind of DX that lets me get stuff done in between my daughter's naps. Nicolás Torres Fullstack Engineer Backbase I have been using Prisma since day one, and it has become my number one choice for ORM. It’s the default in @supastarter , and even though things like Drizzle might be more lightweight, the DX of Prisma is just unbeaten . Jonathan Wilke Frontend Dev Juniqe Prisma Accelerate handled 670,000+ webhooks from Shopify when the orders webhook from 2022/23 was fired, which cost us about $11. Not bad for accidentally being DDoS'd to a Heroku Postgres instance with zero downtime , and all the entries made it through. Harshdeep Singh Hura Shopify App Developer and Consultant @kinngh Prisma spares me the hassle of keeping my database in sync, allowing me to develop my product with complete confidence. Dries Augustyns Founder Plunk I like how the Prisma docs made it easy to jump straight into using it without needing to do a huge amount of reading, and I instantly felt the benefits. Daniel Cranney Developer Advocate WeAreDevelopers We adopted Prisma conventions as our standard , and it saves lots of time having from reinventing things ourselves. Yuval Hazaz CEO Amplication Thanks to Prisma, we can seamlessly scale our applications without concerns about data layer performance. Matti Nannt Co-founder Formbricks Underrated: Prisma 🐐 Entire SaaS businesses have been built on top of the Prisma ecosystem— including OSS ones like Dub.co. Have been loving the recent performance improvements as well 🔥 Steven Tey Founder Dub.co With Prisma, we migrated a core production system from MySQL to SQL Server with zero downtime simply by swapping a few references and updating our schema. I can't imagine building systems without it; it's instrumental to major projects at Lush. Niko Guerra Senior Backend Engineering Manager Lush Prisma helps us unify data access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move very quickly whilst staying flexible. Tom Hutchinson Head of Mobile Rapha Prisma Postgres has really good DX. It's easy, simple, straightforward. I don't spend time on deployment. It just works. Martin Adams Founder Fluidwave Prisma has a low learning curve. Productivity becomes higher because it gets combined with end-to-end type-safety using TypeScript. Ricardo Almeida Software Engineer Grover It's the kind of DX that lets me get stuff done in between my daughter's naps. Nicolás Torres Fullstack Engineer Backbase I have been using Prisma since day one, and it has become my number one choice for ORM. It’s the default in @supastarter , and even though things like Drizzle might be more lightweight, the DX of Prisma is just unbeaten . Jonathan Wilke Frontend Dev Juniqe Prisma Accelerate handled 670,000+ webhooks from Shopify when the orders webhook from 2022/23 was fired, which cost us about $11. Not bad for accidentally being DDoS'd to a Heroku Postgres instance with zero downtime , and all the entries made it through. Harshdeep Singh Hura Shopify App Developer and Consultant @kinngh Prisma spares me the hassle of keeping my database in sync, allowing me to develop my product with complete confidence. Dries Augustyns Founder Plunk I like how the Prisma docs made it easy to jump straight into using it without needing to do a huge amount of reading, and I instantly felt the benefits. Daniel Cranney Developer Advocate WeAreDevelopers Huge fan of Prisma! The Schema file is great for Cursor. You literally never have to write a CRUD operation again. Jake Colling Experimenting with LLM powered apps I've been building the backend on @stockleapp with Prisma since the beginning, and I've got to say, it has worked like a charm Joonatan Building Stockle App I keep switching from Prisma to whatever the latest flavor is, but always end up coming back to Prisma. Ian Hunter Pushing electrons OpenSeas Accelerate is a perfect fit for landing pages. We take advantage of caching to speed up queries and reduce latency, making them lightning-fast. This means we have a faster landing page, leading to better conversion. Blake Carroll CTO Solin I love how Prisma makes my life as a developer so easy. The TypeScript autocompletion is the best I've used, having tried many different ORMs. The migrations are a breeze. And I love how easy it is to get a full view of your database from the Prisma schema file. It's all in one place in readable format. Elie Steinbock Founder Inbox Zero I love the Prisma typing system! Stack Auth relies heavily on it. Zai Shi Co-founder Stack Auth Prisma enabled me to easily manage authentication as well as users' paid status. Prisma Accelerate was a huge boost to my productivity, cutting latency issues I was encountering with Vercel SQL. Cody Bontecou Founder i18nlocale What I love most about Postiz is Prisma. It lets me switch between SQL databases effortlessly. I've used other ORMs before such as Eloquent (Laravel), but nothing matches Prisma's typing and features! Nevo David Founder Postiz Prisma's typesafe SQL is a great feature. It fills a great abstraction gap that existed prior to this. Earlier, I would have to fall back straight to pgtyped. Harshal Patil Staff Engineer Meister Imagine never typing out a migration again. Yeah, that's basically what Prisma does for you. Has saved me literal hours of time, and can for you too. Chris Lis Dev Educator ChrisCourses Prisma has been instrumental in building ReUI, by providing a fully abstracted database layer. It accelerated our development speed several times over, letting us focus on business logic with a beautiful API and top-notch transaction support. Shuhrat Saipov Co-founder ReUI For myBeat, we migrated our legacy codebase to Prisma very easily using Prisma ORM’s introspection feature as we were moving from CakePHP to Node.js. Jim Hendriks Tech Lead myBeat Huge fan of Prisma! The Schema file is great for Cursor. You literally never have to write a CRUD operation again. Jake Colling Experimenting with LLM powered apps I've been building the backend on @stockleapp with Prisma since the beginning, and I've got to say, it has worked like a charm Joonatan Building Stockle App I keep switching from Prisma to whatever the latest flavor is, but always end up coming back to Prisma. Ian Hunter Pushing electrons OpenSeas Accelerate is a perfect fit for landing pages. We take advantage of caching to speed up queries and reduce latency, making them lightning-fast. This means we have a faster landing page, leading to better conversion. Blake Carroll CTO Solin I love how Prisma makes my life as a developer so easy. The TypeScript autocompletion is the best I've used, having tried many different ORMs. The migrations are a breeze. And I love how easy it is to get a full view of your database from the Prisma schema file. It's all in one place in readable format. Elie Steinbock Founder Inbox Zero I love the Prisma typing system! Stack Auth relies heavily on it. Zai Shi Co-founder Stack Auth Prisma enabled me to easily manage authentication as well as users' paid status. Prisma Accelerate was a huge boost to my productivity, cutting latency issues I was encountering with Vercel SQL. Cody Bontecou Founder i18nlocale What I love most about Postiz is Prisma. It lets me switch between SQL databases effortlessly. I've used other ORMs before such as Eloquent (Laravel), but nothing matches Prisma's typing and features! Nevo David Founder Postiz Prisma's typesafe SQL is a great feature. It fills a great abstraction gap that existed prior to this. Earlier, I would have to fall back straight to pgtyped. Harshal Patil Staff Engineer Meister Imagine never typing out a migration again. Yeah, that's basically what Prisma does for you. Has saved me literal hours of time, and can for you too. Chris Lis Dev Educator ChrisCourses Prisma has been instrumental in building ReUI, by providing a fully abstracted database layer. It accelerated our development speed several times over, letting us focus on business logic with a beautiful API and top-notch transaction support. Shuhrat Saipov Co-founder ReUI For myBeat, we migrated our legacy codebase to Prisma very easily using Prisma ORM’s introspection feature as we were moving from CakePHP to Node.js. Jim Hendriks Tech Lead myBeat We adopted Prisma conventions as our standard , and it saves lots of time having from reinventing things ourselves. Yuval Hazaz CEO Amplication Thanks to Prisma, we can seamlessly scale our applications without concerns about data layer performance. Matti Nannt Co-founder Formbricks Underrated: Prisma 🐐 Entire SaaS businesses have been built on top of the Prisma ecosystem— including OSS ones like Dub.co. Have been loving the recent performance improvements as well 🔥 Steven Tey Founder Dub.co With Prisma, we migrated a core production system from MySQL to SQL Server with zero downtime simply by swapping a few references and updating our schema. I can't imagine building systems without it; it's instrumental to major projects at Lush. Niko Guerra Senior Backend Engineering Manager Lush Prisma helps us unify data access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move very quickly whilst staying flexible. Tom Hutchinson Head of Mobile Rapha Prisma Postgres has really good DX. It's easy, simple, straightforward. I don't spend time on deployment. It just works. Martin Adams Founder Fluidwave Prisma has a low learning curve. Productivity becomes higher because it gets combined with end-to-end type-safety using TypeScript. Ricardo Almeida Software Engineer Grover It's the kind of DX that lets me get stuff done in between my daughter's naps. Nicolás Torres Fullstack Engineer Backbase We adopted Prisma conventions as our standard , and it saves lots of time having from reinventing things ourselves. Yuval Hazaz CEO Amplication Thanks to Prisma, we can seamlessly scale our applications without concerns about data layer performance. Matti Nannt Co-founder Formbricks Underrated: Prisma 🐐 Entire SaaS businesses have been built on top of the Prisma ecosystem— including OSS ones like Dub.co. Have been loving the recent performance improvements as well 🔥 Steven Tey Founder Dub.co With Prisma, we migrated a core production system from MySQL to SQL Server with zero downtime simply by swapping a few references and updating our schema. I can't imagine building systems without it; it's instrumental to major projects at Lush. Niko Guerra Senior Backend Engineering Manager Lush Prisma helps us unify data access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move very quickly whilst staying flexible. Tom Hutchinson Head of Mobile Rapha Prisma Postgres has really good DX. It's easy, simple, straightforward. I don't spend time on deployment. It just works. Martin Adams Founder Fluidwave Prisma has a low learning curve. Productivity becomes higher because it gets combined with end-to-end type-safety using TypeScript. Ricardo Almeida Software Engineer Grover It's the kind of DX that lets me get stuff done in between my daughter's naps. Nicolás Torres Fullstack Engineer Backbase I have been using Prisma since day one, and it has become my number one choice for ORM. It’s the default in @supastarter , and even though things like Drizzle might be more lightweight, the DX of Prisma is just unbeaten . Jonathan Wilke Frontend Dev Juniqe Prisma Accelerate handled 670,000+ webhooks from Shopify when the orders webhook from 2022/23 was fired, which cost us about $11. Not bad for accidentally being DDoS'd to a Heroku Postgres instance with zero downtime , and all the entries made it through. Harshdeep Singh Hura Shopify App Developer and Consultant @kinngh Prisma spares me the hassle of keeping my database in sync, allowing me to develop my product with complete confidence. Dries Augustyns Founder Plunk I like how the Prisma docs made it easy to jump straight into using it without needing to do a huge amount of reading, and I instantly felt the benefits. Daniel Cranney Developer Advocate WeAreDevelopers Huge fan of Prisma! The Schema file is great for Cursor. You literally never have to write a CRUD operation again. Jake Colling Experimenting with LLM powered apps I've been building the backend on @stockleapp with Prisma since the beginning, and I've got to say, it has worked like a charm Joonatan Building Stockle App I keep switching from Prisma to whatever the latest flavor is, but always end up coming back to Prisma. Ian Hunter Pushing electrons OpenSeas Accelerate is a perfect fit for landing pages. We take advantage of caching to speed up queries and reduce latency, making them lightning-fast. This means we have a faster landing page, leading to better conversion. Blake Carroll CTO Solin I have been using Prisma since day one, and it has become my number one choice for ORM. It’s the default in @supastarter , and even though things like Drizzle might be more lightweight, the DX of Prisma is just unbeaten . Jonathan Wilke Frontend Dev Juniqe Prisma Accelerate handled 670,000+ webhooks from Shopify when the orders webhook from 2022/23 was fired, which cost us about $11. Not bad for accidentally being DDoS'd to a Heroku Postgres instance with zero downtime , and all the entries made it through. Harshdeep Singh Hura Shopify App Developer and Consultant @kinngh Prisma spares me the hassle of keeping my database in sync, allowing me to develop my product with complete confidence. Dries Augustyns Founder Plunk I like how the Prisma docs made it easy to jump straight into using it without needing to do a huge amount of reading, and I instantly felt the benefits. Daniel Cranney Developer Advocate WeAreDevelopers Huge fan of Prisma! The Schema file is great for Cursor. You literally never have to write a CRUD operation again. Jake Colling Experimenting with LLM powered apps I've been building the backend on @stockleapp with Prisma since the beginning, and I've got to say, it has worked like a charm Joonatan Building Stockle App I keep switching from Prisma to whatever the latest flavor is, but always end up coming back to Prisma. Ian Hunter Pushing electrons OpenSeas Accelerate is a perfect fit for landing pages. We take advantage of caching to speed up queries and reduce latency, making them lightning-fast. This means we have a faster landing page, leading to better conversion. Blake Carroll CTO Solin I love how Prisma makes my life as a developer so easy. The TypeScript autocompletion is the best I've used, having tried many different ORMs. The migrations are a breeze. And I love how easy it is to get a full view of your database from the Prisma schema file. It's all in one place in readable format. Elie Steinbock Founder Inbox Zero I love the Prisma typing system! Stack Auth relies heavily on it. Zai Shi Co-founder Stack Auth Prisma enabled me to easily manage authentication as well as users' paid status. Prisma Accelerate was a huge boost to my productivity, cutting latency issues I was encountering with Vercel SQL. Cody Bontecou Founder i18nlocale What I love most about Postiz is Prisma. It lets me switch between SQL databases effortlessly. I've used other ORMs before such as Eloquent (Laravel), but nothing matches Prisma's typing and features! Nevo David Founder Postiz Prisma's typesafe SQL is a great feature. It fills a great abstraction gap that existed prior to this. Earlier, I would have to fall back straight to pgtyped. Harshal Patil Staff Engineer Meister Imagine never typing out a migration again. Yeah, that's basically what Prisma does for you. Has saved me literal hours of time, and can for you too. Chris Lis Dev Educator ChrisCourses Prisma has been instrumental in building ReUI, by providing a fully abstracted database layer. It accelerated our development speed several times over, letting us focus on business logic with a beautiful API and top-notch transaction support. Shuhrat Saipov Co-founder ReUI For myBeat, we migrated our legacy codebase to Prisma very easily using Prisma ORM’s introspection feature as we were moving from CakePHP to Node.js. Jim Hendriks Tech Lead myBeat I love how Prisma makes my life as a developer so easy. The TypeScript autocompletion is the best I've used, having tried many different ORMs. The migrations are a breeze. And I love how easy it is to get a full view of your database from the Prisma schema file. It's all in one place in readable format. Elie Steinbock Founder Inbox Zero I love the Prisma typing system! Stack Auth relies heavily on it. Zai Shi Co-founder Stack Auth Prisma enabled me to easily manage authentication as well as users' paid status. Prisma Accelerate was a huge boost to my productivity, cutting latency issues I was encountering with Vercel SQL. Cody Bontecou Founder i18nlocale What I love most about Postiz is Prisma. It lets me switch between SQL databases effortlessly. I've used other ORMs before such as Eloquent (Laravel), but nothing matches Prisma's typing and features! Nevo David Founder Postiz Prisma's typesafe SQL is a great feature. It fills a great abstraction gap that existed prior to this. Earlier, I would have to fall back straight to pgtyped. Harshal Patil Staff Engineer Meister Imagine never typing out a migration again. Yeah, that's basically what Prisma does for you. Has saved me literal hours of time, and can for you too. Chris Lis Dev Educator ChrisCourses Prisma has been instrumental in building ReUI, by providing a fully abstracted database layer. It accelerated our development speed several times over, letting us focus on business logic with a beautiful API and top-notch transaction support. Shuhrat Saipov Co-founder ReUI For myBeat, we migrated our legacy codebase to Prisma very easily using Prisma ORM’s introspection feature as we were moving from CakePHP to Node.js. Jim Hendriks Tech Lead myBeat Ready to try Prisma? Deploy a Postgres database in an instant to experience the power of Prisma. Free to get started, no credit card needed . Get Started Now Product ORM Studio Optimize Accelerate Pricing Changelog Data Platform status ↗ Resources Docs Ecosystem ORM Benchmarks ↗ Customer stories Data guide Contact us Community Support Enterprise Partners Affiliates OSS Friends Company About Blog Data DX ↗ Careers Security & Compliance ↗ Legal Terms of Service Service Level Agreement Privacy Policy Event Code of Conduct © 2025 Prisma Data, Inc.