Prison Policy Initiative Home About Publications Issues Data Blog Trump Tracker Contact Careers Donate Prison Policy Initiative Search Go Instagram Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Menu Home About Publications Issues Data Blog Trump Tracker Contact Careers Donate HELP US END MASS INCARCERATION The Prison Policy Initiative uses research, advocacy, and organizing to dismantle mass incarceration. We’ve been in this movement for 24 years, thanks to individual donors like you. Can you help us sustain this work? Thank you, Peter Wagner, Executive Director Donate Stay Informed Get the latest updates: Prison Policy Initiative newsletter (?) And our other newsletters: Research Library updates (?) Prison gerrymandering campaign (?) Email: Name (optional): State (optional): What’s New Coming Home? Assessing the Housing Needs of People Nearing Release from Illinois Prisons by Loyola Chicago Center for Criminal Justice December 31: Research Library : Reentry and recidivism Our favorite journalism about the criminal legal system in 2025 And some commentary and editorial writing, too. December 22: Prison Policy Initiative Blog Large Minnesota study underscores disproportionate rates of health problems among recently incarcerated and unhoused people In a study of more than 4.3 million people in Minnesota, researchers found widespread disparities in health conditions between the general population and people who were recently unhoused, jailed, or imprisoned. December 18: Briefings Life Sentences in the United States by Wilson Center for Science and Justice December 18: Research Library : Sentencing policy Work To Be Done: Women’s Incarceration in the 21st Century by National Council for Incarcerated and Formerly Incarcerated Women and Girls and the FreeHer Institute December 18: Research Library : Women and gender Counsel at First Appearance Evaluation by Georges Naufal et al December 18: Research Library : Pretrial detention The Role of Second Look Policies in Reforming California’s Approach to Incarceration by California Policy Lab December 18: Research Library : Sentencing policy Barriers and Facilitators to Delivering Cancer Care in US Prisons by Christopher R. Manz et al December 18: Research Library : Health and healthcare Incarceration and Quality of Cancer Care by Oluwadamilola T. Oladeru et al December 18: Research Library : Health and healthcare Featured report State of Phone Justice 2022: The problem, the progress, and what's next How much should it cost to stay in touch with Mom or Dad when they're locked up? We gathered data showing that while some jails and their phone companies provide calls for as low as 1 or 2 cents a minute, the vast majority charge 10 times that amount or more. Data from 50 state prison systems and over 3,000 local jails and other facilities show that families are paying exorbitant rates, while companies find new ways to price-gouge them through an expanding array of non-phone products. Mass incarceration, state by state Learn about the national prison crisis and how we can begin to turn the tide on mass incarceration. Then, drill down to your state . Be sure to also check out our pages focused on D.C. , and the incarceration of Native people . If our work is new to you, you might want to check out our 2024-2025 annual report . Stay Informed Email: Get the latest updates: Prison Policy Initiative newsletter (?) Research Library (?) Prison gerrymandering (?) Share on 𝕏 Donate Recommended Reading: 50 state incarceration profiles All of our recent reports about prison/jail growth, racial disparities, and more, re-organized by state. The rapid & unregulated growth of e-messaging in prisons It can strengthen connections, but instead has been used to sap money from incarcerated people. Incarceration and supervision by states Probation and parole are the leading forms of mass punishment in America. Prison Gerrymandering Project We are leading the movement to protect our democracy from the Census Bureau's prison miscount. Home About Publications Issues Data Blog Trump Tracker Contact Careers Donate Contact us online or write us: PO Box 127 Northampton, MA 01061 Instagram Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Donate