Privacy International Skip to main content Sign up to Newsletter Search SEARCH NEWS GUIDES CAMPAIGNS LEARN IMPACT ABOUT DONATE Report Argentina’s election authorities must guarantee the right to a universally accessible secret vote The rights to a secret vote, privacy, and non-discrimination were undermined in October 2025 elections, according to our research on accessible voting with Transparencia Electoral. Long Read Clearview and the long arm of the law A legal ruling from the UK puts the onus back on Clearview to change its ways, while also raising important questions about the cross-border application of laws that regulate tech companies. Long Read Key Concerns Regarding Governance in the Era of Militarisation of Tech Essential protections are lacking as governments and industry rush to militarise our tech, data and societies. Previous Next Free to be human Free to be anonymous Free from profiling Free to protest Free to express yourself Free to speak Free to remain silent Free to organise Free to challenge authority Free to demonstrate Free to blow the whistle Free to question the rules Free to define my own identity Free to be me Free to question authority Free to ask for information Free to debate ideas Free to be unorthodox Free to be orthodox Free to be different Free to go off grid Free to switch off Free to be left alone Free to be let alone Free to cross borders without humiliation Free to use what they call the ‘dark web’ Free to not give my name Free to hide my face Free to be noncomforming Free to use an adblocker Free to delete my account Free to demand information Free to demand answers Free to be more than a number Free to define my identity Free to define my own identities Free to change my identity Free to resist Free to code Free to vote Free to keep my thoughts secret Free to choose what to do with my body Free to keep things to myself Free to dissent Free from state interference Free to be human Free to choose Free to learn about my options Free to be human Free from monopolies Free from data exploitation for the profit of others Free to share with who I want Free to be human Free to make mistakes Free to be emotional Free to be human Free from state surveillance For a world where technology will empower and enable us , not exploit our data for profit and power. JOIN US Join our global movement and fight for what really matters: our freedom to be human. LEARN Learn about what we work on and how technology and privacy interacts. DONATE Support PI to stop the adversaries to your privacy and freedom. Featured Content Advocacy UK Justice and Home Affairs Committee publishes report on electronic monitoring The UK parliamentary committee’s report following their investigation into electronic monitoring and GPS tagging questions its use in the context of immigration and highlights the ethical and legal concerns of this practice, as raised by PI. Continue reading News & Analysis International Migrants Day 2025 - A Year in Review As we mark International Migrants Day, we share how PI and our partners have advocated for the rights of migrants by safeguarding their privacy and protecting their data. Continue reading News & Analysis The Trump Administration wants your DNA and social media The U.S. Government intends to force visitors to submit their digital history and DNA as the price of entry. With this much data AI tools will likely be deployed to unlock details of your life for border and immigration agencies. Continue reading Long Read Investigating dual-use technology and the darker side of innovation This series produced in collaboration with Corporate Watch profiles ten companies and their products aiming to demonstrate how technologies developed for the battlefield are now shaping civilian life. Continue reading Long Read From Playground to Database: child data in education In England’s schools, children are tracked from birth through a vast, opaque network of digital systems that turn education into a lifelong exercise in data collection and surveillance. Continue reading News & Analysis End of the Line for Windows 10? Microsoft has announced that on 14 October 2025 their consumer versions of the Windows 10 operating system will reach “End of Life”, but what does that mean, how does it affect your security and privacy? and what steps can you take to keep your data protected? Continue reading View more content Featured Campaigns Challenging the Militarisation of Tech War and conflict must not dominate our societies and technologies. Read more More Campaigns Get Involved Act with Us Donate Join Newsletter Click here to sign-up to our mailing-list! Mastodon Follow Us Facebook Instagram Mastodon RSS Twitter Youtube Navigation SEARCH NEWS GUIDES CAMPAIGNS LEARN IMPACT ABOUT DONATE How We Fight Our Global Reach Advocacy and Litigation Research Legal Action Our Demands About Our Impact Governance People Opportunities Financial Service Status Privacy How We Use Your Data How We Learned Why Cookies?! Resources Why Privacy Matters Learn about issues Learn about Data Protection Browse Examples of Abuse Listen to our podcast Contact Us 62 Britton Street, London, EC1M 5UY UK Charity Registration No: 1147471 Click here to contact us. Click here for media and press enquiries.