Products Why Us Pricing Blog Contact
Cookie Consent
Start here
Privacy Policies are required by law.
Get compliant today.

We generate custom-made Privacy Policies in seconds to help keep your business safe. No jargon. No nonsense. No mucking around.

Start creating your Privacy Policy

More than Privacy Policies

We generate more than a Privacy Policy: Terms & Conditions, EULA, Disclaimers, Cookie Policies and Return Policies.

Privacy Policy Generator

Our Privacy Policy Generator can help you generate a customized Privacy Policy in around three minutes, for free.

Generate

Cookies Policy Generator

Our Cookies Policy Generator can create a customized Cookies Policy to help your compliance with ePrivacy Directive and GDPR.

Generate

Terms and Conditions Generator

Our Terms & Conditions Generator can help you generate a customized Terms & Conditions agreement in around three minutes, for free.

Generate

EULA Generator

Our EULA Generator can create a customized End-User License Agreement for your mobile or desktop app.

Generate

Return & Refund Policy Generator

Our Return & Refund Policy Generator can help your ecommerce store by creating a returns or refunds policy.

Generate

Disclaimer Generator

Our Disclaimer Generator can create a disclaimer or disclosure for your website.

Generate

Cookie Consent

Integrate a free Cookies Notice and Cookie Consent banner to better comply with the EU ePrivacy Directive and the new GDPR law.

Integrate

Why a Privacy Policy is important

If you have a website, app, ecommerce store or Saas app, chances are you need a Privacy Policy. Get caught without one and you risk some hefty fines. But where do you start? If you're not a lawyer, it can feel like you're drowning in legal jargon and technical nonsense. That's where we come in.

Privacy Policies with global coverage

Almost every country in the world has some kind of privacy law to protect their citizens' personal information. That's why every Privacy Policy we generate is adapted to comply with the major privacy laws relevant to you. Just tell us where you operate and we'll customise your Privacy Policy accordingly.

CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA

CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA protect personal data belonging to residents of California. If you collect personal information online in the U.S, we'll make sure your Privacy Policy complies with CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA laws.

GDPR

GDPR controls data privacy in the EU. If your business operates within an EU member state or collects personal data from EU citizens, we'll generate a Privacy Policy that includes the necessary GDPR wording.

The rest of the world

Our Privacy Policies are adapted to be a fit with major privacy laws around the world to keep your business safe.

Totally tailor-made Privacy Policies

Every business is different, that's why every Privacy Policy we generate is unique. We take into account factors like your industry, how and where you operate and what platform you use to put together a Policy tailor-made just for you.

Website Privacy Policy

Keep your website on the right side of the law with an up-to-date Privacy Policy.

Mobile App Privacy Policy

Don't let an out-of-date or incorrect Privacy Policy let your app down.

Ecommerce Privacy Policy

Reassure your customers that their information is in safe hands with a tailor-made Privacy Policy.

SaaS Privacy Policy

Get a Privacy Policy unique to your subscription based SaaS application.

CPRA+CCPA Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy that complies with the CCPA law in the United States.

GDPR Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy that complies with the latest GDPR regulation in Europe.

CalOPPA Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy that complies with the CalOPPA law in the United States.

Custom Privacy Policy

Custom-built Privacy Policies for businesses that do a little bit of everything.

Free Templates
Sample Privacy Policy Template

In this article, we'll discuss the elements of a Privacy Policy and why it's required. Download our free Privacy Policy template.

Sample Terms and Conditions Template

There are many reasons why you should have a Terms and Conditions. Download our free Terms and Conditions template.

Sample Cookies Policy Template

Comply with ePrivacy Directive and GDPR by having a Cookies Policy. Download our free Cookies Policy template.

GDPR Privacy Policy Template

Discover what your Privacy Policy should look like with GDPR in mind. Download our free GDPR Privacy Policy template.

Start here

Privacy Policy Generator
Cookies Policy Generator
Terms and Conditions Generator
EULA Generator
Return & Refund Policy Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Cookie Consent

Company

Contact
Why Us
Pricing
Blog

Legal

Our Privacy Policy
Our Terms of Use
Our Disclaimer

Language

 
German
English
Spanish
French
Italian
Dutch

PrivacyPolicies.com © 2002 - 2025 All rights reserved

 

Legal information, legal templates and legal policies are not legal advice. Please read the disclaimer.

Sold and fulfilled by FastSpring - an authorized reseller. Bright Market (dba FastSpring), 801 Garden St., Santa Barbara, CA 93101, is the authorized reseller of our products and services on PrivacyPolicies.com