What is a VPN
Why PIA
Pricing
VPN Features 
Download VPN 
VPN Servers
Blog
Support
Login
 EN 
Get PIA VPN
Melt Away Your Cyber Threats

Save 83% with Our Limited Holiday Deal

Get PIA VPN

 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee

One Account, Unlimited Devices

Privacy Protection

We all need privacy, especially online. Your IP address and your browsing should be hidden from unnecessary surveillance. Rest assured that PIA’s virtual private network never keeps any usage logs — ever.

Secure Data

Keep your data encrypted for extra security. Don’t let anyone get their hands on unencrypted emails, pictures, banking details, or anything else best kept private.

Complete Access

Access all of your favorite content free from ISP throttling and annoying network restrictions. Enjoy unlimited bandwidth to stay connected to the world's best shows, apps, and games.

Get Started With PIA VPN
Premium Add-ons For Extra Security
Privacy-First Antivirus

Our state-of-the-art antivirus software scans and removes malware from your Windows PC, all without tracking user activity or logging connection data – making PIA the only antivirus that gives you full control over your data and digital privacy.

Learn More About PIA’s Antivirus
Dedicated IP Address

Get a unique IP address that only you can use. This is great if you want all the benefits of a VPN — like accessing restricted content and hiding online activity — but with fewer CAPTCHAs and more stability when doing things like online banking and gaming.

Learn More About Dedicated IPs
Trusted By Millions Of Satisfied Customers 

Here's a small sample of our most positive user reviews. All Trustpilot reviews are available here.

Get Started With PIA VPN
Privacy On All Your Devices

Get simultaneous access to unlimited devices with only one subscription.

Get Started With PIA VPN
The Lightning-Fast PIA Global Server Network

World-class servers in 91 countries.

Explore Our Servers
Choose The Plan That's Right For You

1 Month

$11.95/mo
Select Plan

Autorenews at $11.95 monthly

3 Years + 4 Months

$1.98/mo
BEST DEAL! 83% OFF
Select Plan

Autorenews at $79 every 3 years

1 Year

$3.33/mo
Select Plan

Billed at $39.95 first year and then autorenews annualy at $49.99

Covered By Our 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee

All amounts are shown in USD, and any discounts reflect a reduction based on the current monthly service pricing at $11.95 per month.

 All Plans Are Covered By Our 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee

Get Access To The Latest Cutting-Edge Features
No Logs

PIA never tracks, records, or stores any kind of usage data. User privacy is at the core of our mission.

Open Source

Our apps are 100% open source. Anybody can inspect and customize our open-source software.

State Of The Art Updates

Private Internet Access uses the latest and greatest encryption standards and VPN protocols — like WireGuard.

Instant Setup

Choose your plan, download the PIA VPN app, verify your account, and be protected in minutes.

Unlimited Bandwidth

Take advantage of unthrottled internet speeds with our extensive server network.

Block Ads, Trackers & Malware

Get rid of advertisements, online trackers, and malicious websites with PIA’s “MACE” feature.

Discover More Features
Download a VPN for all your devices now!

Protect all your devices with PIA’s top-rated VPN service. Connect to NextGen servers in 91 countries and discover fast VPN connection speeds.

Install our Windows and Linux apps on your PC, or go with our macOS app for your Mac. Download our VPN .apk file to your Android smartphone and tablet, or our iOS app to your Apple mobile devices.

For safe browsing, set up our VPN extensions for Chrome, Firefox, and Opera. Alternatively, use our Smart DNS feature for smart TVs, game consoles, and routers.

See All Apps
What Is a VPN?

The definition of a VPN is a Virtual Private Network. Meaning, it’s a service that provides a secure and encrypted internet connection. It became a popular cybersecurity tool in recent years due to the rise of online threats on public networks.

PIA VPN protects your digital identity by rerouting your internet traffic through private and secure servers. We have a vast global network of advanced VPN servers, and we use the best VPN protocols available to encrypt your personal data.

PIA's Robust Server Infrastructure

PIA VPN uses the IP Security Architecture (IPSec) open framework to encrypt and authenticate information. It encrypts outgoing data and authenticates incoming data. In both cases, the data is transferred through an intermediate secure server that handles all communication. That’s why the quality of these servers is crucial.

PIA has a network of NextGen servers, designed and optimized with the best hardware components. Our colocated servers guarantee that our infrastructure is unreachable to third parties. We also upgraded our servers to have 10Gbps network cards and allow maximum connection speeds. These features ensure you get the safest and fastest connection possible.

Get PIA VPN
How Does a VPN Work?

A VPN reroutes your internet traffic, encrypts your data, and masks your IP. This boosts your security and increases your anonymity

.When you browse online, your internet traffic can be intercepted. Your data is accessible to your ISP, network admins, packet analyzers, and more. Rerouting your traffic through a remote server creates an effect similar to that of a tunnel — whatever goes through the tunnel can’t be seen by third parties.

Using a private network gives you an advantage by employing high-grade encryption. Enciphering your data secures your private information.

Can I be tracked when a VPN is on?

Your online activities can’t be tracked when you’re using a top-shelf VPN. PIA’s VPN servers reroute and encrypt your internet traffic and mask your IP address in real-time. By using PIA you can make sure ISPs, government bodies, and cybercriminals can’t monitor your online activities and pinpoint your location.

Concealing your IP address also prevents websites and trackers from identifying your online activities. This way, you’ll stay incognito, and bypass network blocks while traveling. A VPN is crucial to improving your online anonymity and freedom.

Get PIA VPN
6 Benefits of Using a VPN

Change Your Virtual Location

Choose your online location by connecting to PIA’s extensive NextGen VPN server network. It covers 91 countries, including in all 50 US states.

Protect Your Privacy

Conceal your IP address to protect your online identity. Stop your ISP from keeping tabs on your online activities. Enjoy secure web browsing anywhere.

Enjoy Complete Digital Security

Make sure ISPs and network administrators can’t store or sell your data. Secure all your devices with PIA. Enjoy a private connection on any network.

Get Public Wi-Fi Protection

Public networks pose a threat to your privacy. Install PIA on your devices to prevent snoopers or cybercriminals from intercepting your traffic.

Safe File-Sharing

Mask your IP address when you’re sharing files online. Connect to PIA and encrypt your data when you’re sending or handling private files.

Travel Abroad Securely

When you’re traveling out of state or internationally, you’ll see local content restrictions. Connect to PIA VPN to safely access apps from back home.

Get PIA VPN
What Is a Mobile VPN?

A mobile VPN lets you maintain a VPN session even when you’re switching between different networks, like between your home network and phone carrier.

PIA VPN has mobile VPN functionality, optimized to provide a seamless connection on any device. We have user-friendly apps for smartphones and tablets. They’re optimized with a Kill Switch to protect you from any accidental data leaks.

Get PIA VPN for all your mobile devices in 3 simple steps:

Step 1

Sign up for Private Internet Access

Step 2

Download the PIA VPN app

Step 3

Tap on the power button to connect

Get PIA Mobile VPN
What Is an Open-Source VPN?

An open-source VPN releases the source code publicly for anyone to inspect. Through transparent practice, you can achieve stable and secure software. That’s why open-source VPNs are much more trustworthy.

PIA is known as one of the best open-source VPNs. Anyone can analyze our VPN apps and VPN protocols, and verify the steps we take to ensure a safe and seamless connection. We also use WireGuard® and OpenVPN, two of the best open-source VPN protocols.

Open-source coding also helps improve performance and innovate due to its cooperative nature. Having an open-source code lets PIA’s community members send suggestions.

How to Choose the Best VPN
for Yourself
Speed

Good speeds are vital. Choose a VPN that has top-of-the-line fast servers that seamlessly support streaming and gaming. PIA has ultra-fast 10 Gbps VPN servers, to allow you to enjoy buffer-free streaming and lag-free online gaming on any device. With our extensive global VPN network, you avoid overcrowding and congestion.

Security

When it comes to online security, quality encryption is crucial. That’s why you should pick a VPN that uses the strongest encryption protocols. It’s the only way to make sure ISPs, network admins, and government bodies can’t access your data. PIA VPN offers the most powerful encryption ciphers available — you can choose between 128-bit AES or military-grade cipher, 256-bit AES.

Privacy

You want a VPN that will protect your privacy. PIA has a strict No Logs policy. It was reviewed in an independent audit conducted by one of the Big Four firms. Our log-less service

was proven twice in court. You can feel safe knowing we respect and support your right to privacy, and we don’t keep or store your data.

Split Tunneling

This important VPN feature allows you to create custom VPN connection protocols. For example, if you don’t want your banking service to flag your activity as fraudulent, you shouldn’t keep switching IP addresses. Set a case-based rule for its specific apps and websites easily. PIA VPN has an advanced split-tunneling feature that lets you create automated settings and choose which apps and domains can sidestep your VPN tunnel.

Open-Source

When it comes to VPNs, open-source is crucial for transparency. An open-source code allows you to take a look under the hood, and see how a VPN really operates. PIA VPN is the best open-source VPN. You can inspect our client source code, and see for yourself the steps we take to secure your traffic and data.

Advanced & Convenient Protection

If you feel that you need an extra layer of protection, look for a VPN that has a multi-hop feature. This feature, also known as double VPN, allows you to chain your connection through two VPN servers, boost your anonymity, and bypass censorship. With PIA’s multi-hop feature, you can reroute your internet traffic through a 2 RAM-only VPN that we designed to prevent data retention and protect your digital footprint.

Cost

When it comes to your online privacy and security, you don’t want to settle. Choose a trustworthy and quality VPN that comes at a reasonable price point. PIA VPN is affordable and reliable. Our plans offer the best value for money. Subscribe for only $11.95 per month. It’s completely risk-free with our 30-day money-back guarantee.

Try PIA VPN Risk-Free
Are VPNs Legal?

Yes, VPNs are completely legal in most countries around the world. In fact, most governments understand the need for better online data safety and support VPNs as a consumer security tool. Some countries don’t feel the same, and allow citizens to use only state-approved VPNs which can have surveillance capabilities.

While more policymakers and individuals are beginning to understand the importance of online privacy, the internet isn’t a safe and free environment yet. You need a quality VPN to protect your digital identity, keep your data private, and enjoy a free and safe internet.

Can I Use a Free VPN?

You can use a free VPN, but it’s not advised. Most free VPNs have a few common problems related to quality and security.

Most free VPNs have fewer server locations because of budget restraints. This means their servers are usually crowded and slow, and they might not have a server in your country.

The second issue is that most free VPNs have older servers. Using outdated hardware can lead to vulnerabilities to cyber attacks, and cause connection issues.

Most free VPNs turn a profit by selling users’ data, showing in-app advertisements, or both. This is a major concern since the main goal of using a VPN is to protect your privacy..

Avoid these issues by trying an affordable and reliable VPN such as PIA. We have ultra-fast NextGen servers in 91 countries, we use the best VPN protocols for encryption, and we abide by a strict No Logs policy.

Try PIA VPN Worry-Free
Want To Know More?
What are the primary uses of a VPN?

A VPN is a cybersecurity tool that allows you to protect your digital identity and data. It also comes with many other benefits like fast VPN speeds for seamless browsing, sidestepping connection slowdowns, accessing your favorite content safely while traveling, and preventing cyber attacks like DDoS and Man-in-the-Middle attacks.

Are you completely anonymous with a VPN?
What is a No Logs policy?
Do VPNs slow down a person's internet connection?
Should I run a VPN 24/7?
Does a VPN work on any device?
What is the average cost of a VPN?
How do I get a VPN on my Chromebook for school?
Still Not Convinced? Download PIA VPN Risk-Free

You're covered by our 30-day money-back guarantee. If you're not satisfied, request a refund.

Get Private Internet Access

Private Internet Access has 10+ years of experience leading the VPN industry. With a strict no-logs policy, world-class server infrastructure, and transparent open-source software, PIA prioritizes your online privacy, security, and freedom above all else.

Follow us on social media

PIA VPN
What is a VPN
Why PIA?
Pricing
VPN Features
VPN Servers
Download VPN
Antivirus
Blog
Login
PIA Apps
Windows VPN
Mac VPN
Linux VPN
Android VPN
iOS VPN
Chrome VPN
Firefox VPN
Smart TV VPN
Programs
Refer a Friend
Affiliates
Influencers
Become a Partner
Vulnerability Disclosure Program
Resources
What's my IP
DNS Leak Test
Email Leak Test
IPv6 Leak Test
Company
About PIA
Companies we support
Sitemap
Reviews
Money-Back Guarantee
Help
Support
Contact us
Terms of Service
Privacy and Cookie Policy
DMCA Policy
Export Control Policy

Copyright © PIA Private Internet Access, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Need Help? Chat with us!

Online