Home english Skip to main content Menu Home Solutions Max performance servers Managed Servers IP Connectivity & Transit Colocation Software Service Level Services Consulting Support Services Managing Services Field Engineering News About us History Our network References Partners Customer center Jobs Imprint Contact us Home Solutions Max performance servers Managed Servers IP Connectivity & Transit Colocation Software Service Level Services Consulting Support Services Managing Services Field Engineering News About us History Our network References Partners Customer center Jobs Imprint Contact us Dedicated servers High performance servers Customizable hardware Full root access Various operating system to choose Managed servers incl. management Easy to use 24x7 Monitoring Plesk Interface IP Transit High availability Incl. full BGP session Provisioning of ip space Starting from 100 Mbit/s Consulting Service and support for Planing of networks Linux administration Configuration of routers & switches Colocation Space for your hardware From 10U to full racks or cages Redundant power circuits Multiple locations to choose from European backbone with facilities in different countries Customized dedicated servers & managed servers for your e-business Probe Networks offers customized dedicated servers, managed servers, housing, colocation, IP transit as well as security and support services. We optimize systems as per customer specifications to reach maximum performance, highest security standards and best cost efficiency. All servers include a own IPv4 and IPv6 address block so that customers can smoothly transition to the new addressing scheme. We offer the Plesk interface for server administration. Plesk is supporting IPv6 and offers customers to run dual-stack to easily migrate to IPv6. Some of our serves include traffic packages however we also offer servers with flatrate traffic so that there wont be any charges for additional traffic. If you need a customized service, highest availability, individual consulting, 24x7 service with proactive SLA's then give us a try! Call us now Contact via email Services Customized servers and individual solutions Our services include customization of server hardware as well as installation of servers as per customer instructions. We are very flexible on any solution and are not bound to any specific manufacturer. From build-to-customer-order (BTCO) systems to load balanced geographic diverse cluster servers - our team of professional engineers will work with you to find the best possible solution for your requirements. Our promises min. 99,9% availability of network and power Warranty for servers/hardware Very quick replacements of defective equipment per Service Level Agreement (SLA) Latency below 30ms within our network in germany Latency below 45ms within our network in europe We offer Access to any colocation 24x7 Peering at multiple exchanges in germany and europe Private peering with selected carriers Equipment fully backed by UPS and diesel generators Datacenters with multiple security perimeters, 24x7 CCTV, multiple access control systems. On demand: datacenter with armed guards. Datacenter locations: Frankfurt (4x), Paris, Luxemburg, Amsterdam, London Own redundant backbone IP connectivity (Transit) Routing hardware from Juniper Networks 24x7 network monitoring, (d)DoS protection Out of band management: power reset, IP KVM Provisioning of IPv4/6 blocks per customer demand incl. DNS PTR record delegation. Free choice of operating system Free 24x7 support for customers For managed servers we monitor system 24x7 (Availability, IDS/IDP, remote logging) Customized systems planned per customer demands Emergency support available 24x7 Maximum Performance Servers Reliable and highest quality components provide outstanding availability and performance of our servers. More Managed Servers We will manage your server and keep it running. Monitoring and pro-active support included. More Connectivity & IP Transit From leased lines to virtual circuits - we can get you connected. Full BGP feed included. More Colocation Colocation in geographic diverse locations available. Starting at 10U upto full racks and cages. More Software - Plesk We offer rental licenses for the Plesk administration frontend. Including service and support. More SLA Choose the service level that best suits your requirements. More Probe Networks Services Probe Networks offers a complete set of services for your IT needs. This includes for example: 1 Management and administration of your servers, independent of location. 2 Professional 24x7 support, fully covered 3 Security solutions including IDS/IDP systems Consulting We offer consulting for your projects. This includes e.g. implementation, project planning, migration, installation as well as software design, development and maintenance. More Support Services Probe Networks offers flexible support services with guaranteed SLA. Engineers available 24x7. More Managing Services Managing services is a cost effective solution to help you maintain your servers and keep software up-to-date. More Probe Networks Security testing and analysis Probe Networks offers IDP/IDS systems and vulnerability assessments. We provide both hardware and software/service contracts for security gateways. Systems are fully managed by us including 24x7 monitoring of incidents. Let us help you to match any requirements needed. © 2020 Probe Networks. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.