Welcome to Processing! / Processing.org Processing Foundation Processing p5.js Processing Android Processing Python Processing Home Download Documentation Reference Environment Libraries Tools Wiki Learn Tutorials Examples Books Forum About Overview People Privacy Donate Examples More Examples Getting started Download and open the 'Processing' application. Select something from the Examples. Hit the Run button. Lather, rinse, repeat as necessary. More information on using Processing itself is can be found in the environment section of the reference. To learn the Processing language, we recommend you try a few of the built-in examples , and check out the reference . A group of diverse books have been written to help people with different goals and skill levels. Getting Started Tutorial Don’t know where to get started? Read this tutorial, which will guide you through the basics of Processing Read tutorial Check out the Reference Find further documentation of the Processing language Go to Reference Get the software The Processing Development Environment makes it easy to write Processing programs. It’s free and open source! Download Processing Have more questions? Join the conversations on the Forum to share and learn. Visit Forum Join our Discord! We're excited to announce the launch of the official Processing Discord server, a new space for our community to connect, share, and collaborate in real time. Whether you're a beginner or an expert, join us to ask questions, get help, and meet fellow creative coders from around the world. Join Discord Contribute The core Processing software is augmented by libraries and tools contributed through the community. These inventive extensions are a bright future for the project. We have a list of Contributed Libraries and Contributed Tools posted online. These contributions can't be underestimated. To contribute to Processing development, please visit Processing on GitHub to read instructions for downloading the code, building from the source , reporting and tracking bugs , creating libraries and tools . Processing on GitHub See what others are making OpenProcessing For your Processing Creative Applications Processing Subreddit Vimeo Studio Sketchpad Partners Fathom Information Design UCLA Design Media Arts Design Systems International Contact Us Feel free to write us! hello@processing.org GitHub Discord Bluesky Mastodon Instagram Facebook Medium Processing is an open project initiated by Ben Fry and Casey Reas . It is developed by a team of contributors around the world.