Procare | The Leader in Child Care Management Software Skip to content ⛄⛄ New customers can get started with Procare with 90 days on us! ⛄⛄ Get Offer Solutions Child Care Centers Before and After School Programs Youth Organizations Shared Services Capabilities Child Care Management Software Family Engagement Payment Processing Classroom Management Early Childhood Learning Professional Development Child Care App Third Party Integrations Trust and Security Pricing Support Resources Blog eBooks, Case Studies & More Webinars Podcast State Funding, Programs and Resources Search for: (800) 338-3884 Login Request A Demo TRUSTED BY PROFESSIONALS AT OVER 40,000 CHILD CARE CENTERS A Leader in Child Care Management Software Easily manage every part of your child care business by letting Procare organize family information, track attendance, automate tuition collection and do more for you! Procare has the solution that’s right for your daycare, preschool or ECE center so you can focus on what matters most – the children in your care. Get Started Fully integrated child care solutions specifically designed for the needs of Child Care Centers Learn More Child Care Centers Including: In-Home Daycare Single & Multi-Centers Franchises Learn More Before and After School Programs Learn More Before and After School Programs Including: School Districts YMCAs Churches Learn More Youth Organizations Learn More Youth Organizations Including: YMCAs Summer & Youth Camps Churches Learn More 2026 Child Care Business Trends Survey Take the child care business trends survey for a chance to win prizes! We invite you to participate in a brief survey that will take less than ten minutes of your time. Your input will play a crucial role in shaping the forthcoming Procare Solutions Child Care Business Trends Report. As a token of our appreciation, you’ll have the opportunity to enter a drawing for a chance to win one of six Apple iPads or one of 150 $50 Lakeshore Learning Gift Cards. TAKE THE SURVEY I absolutely love how user friendly Procare is. Everything is at the touch of your hands! Parents and Teachers love it!!! Karla F. I absolutely love how user friendly Procare is. Everything is at the touch of your hands! Parents and Teachers love it!!! Karla F. Very helpful and nice customer service and helpful tutorial videos. I have always been able to quickly get an answer to my questions! Marlene R. Very helpful and nice customer service and helpful tutorial videos. I have always been able to quickly get an answer to my questions! Marlene R. It has been a great experience over all and a lot more user friendly than our previous software program. Sadie R. It has been a great experience over all and a lot more user friendly than our previous software program. Sadie R. I really enjoy this program as it does all things we need to do throughout our day. I like the ease of being able to navigate the program. We use this program for everything we do ... Read More Karen B. | Teacher I really enjoy this program as it does all things we need to do throughout our day. I like the ease of being able to navigate the program. We use this program for everything we do at our center. Attendance, payroll, communication to parents, to name just a few. Karen B. | Teacher We enjoy the customer service through Procare. They are quick and helpful whenever we have had a question. I enjoy the ease of communicating with our parents and love using the new... Read More Michelle H. | Director of Curriculum We enjoy the customer service through Procare. They are quick and helpful whenever we have had a question. I enjoy the ease of communicating with our parents and love using the newsletter feature to create a monthly school newsletter to send out to our parents. Michelle H. | Director of Curriculum What I like most about Procare is the ease of use in regards to monthly billing. The option to set up contract billing every month is much easier and less time-consuming than havin... Read More Tiara R. | Edu. Operations Manager What I like most about Procare is the ease of use in regards to monthly billing. The option to set up contract billing every month is much easier and less time-consuming than having to manually enter invoices as we once did. This feature allows my staff and I to save time as well as ensure better accuracy. Also, now we are allowed to have our customers pay via the online portal Procare offers as opposed to having to pay in person. Tiara R. | Edu. Operations Manager We love this program. It provides us with one place to quickly find out so much information. You can log-in and see total enrollment and enrollment by classes or age. It tracks chi... Read More Marlene R. | Administrator We love this program. It provides us with one place to quickly find out so much information. You can log-in and see total enrollment and enrollment by classes or age. It tracks child information without searching through files or looking in multiple places. Many things a pre-programed, but you can personalize it yourself or request assistance from a fantastic customer service person. Marlene R. | Administrator I really like it and wish my other daycares would switch to it! Signing in and out is easy and keeping in touch throughout the day is wonderful! Payment is also very easy on here. Jamie S. | Family Involvement Coordinator I really like it and wish my other daycares would switch to it! Signing in and out is easy and keeping in touch throughout the day is wonderful! Payment is also very easy on here. Jamie S. | Family Involvement Coordinator Procare saves us many hours every week. We do not figure accounts or depend on spreadsheets, or even correct data entry.  It helps us to look professional and current. Debbie View all third-party reviews Procare saves us many hours every week. We do not figure accounts or depend on spreadsheets, or even correct data entry.  It helps us to look professional and current. Debbie View all third-party reviews “Fast, Professional, East-To-Understand” Wonderful experience with my customer service representative – or should I say expert. My questions were addressed with ease and I was even gi... Read More Jessie View all third-party reviews “Fast, Professional, East-To-Understand” Wonderful experience with my customer service representative – or should I say expert. My questions were addressed with ease and I was even given tips and advice to make my navigation with the software even easier than it was before. I love that Tuition Express is overall self-explanatory and easy to get used to. It’s a plus that their customer service is excellent and makes me feel confident that any issues or questions our center comes upon will be solved almost immediately. Jessie View all third-party reviews Tuition Express provides seamless interaction between Procare Select and billing. The system is easy for my staff and our parents to use. As a business owner, it is great to be abl... Read More Jennifer View all third-party reviews Tuition Express provides seamless interaction between Procare Select and billing. The system is easy for my staff and our parents to use. As a business owner, it is great to be able to access the software remotely via the cloud. In addition, the reports are easy to pull and easy to understand. Jennifer View all third-party reviews “We use Tuition Express to process our weekly income and love it!” Tuition Express saves time and man hours. It is flawless in helping us acquire payment from each of our families. T... Read More Lori View all third-party reviews “We use Tuition Express to process our weekly income and love it!” Tuition Express saves time and man hours. It is flawless in helping us acquire payment from each of our families. The creators and software managers at Tuition Express really know the world of Learning Centers and have created and maintained an effective tool for helping us charge for enrollment, registration, weekly tuition and other miscellaneous charges in a manner that is time effective and thorough. The customer service is top notch! Lori View all third-party reviews We have taken the manpower out of collections. This system gives us automation. We are able to build better relationships with our clients because the money issue is solved. Tracy View all third-party reviews We have taken the manpower out of collections. This system gives us automation. We are able to build better relationships with our clients because the money issue is solved. Tracy View all third-party reviews “Tuition Express” Our tuition fees are paid on time. We do not have to track clients down for payment. Most of them use the ACH option or pay from their phones. There is nothing that... Read More Paula View all third-party reviews “Tuition Express” Our tuition fees are paid on time. We do not have to track clients down for payment. Most of them use the ACH option or pay from their phones. There is nothing that I don’t like about Tuition Express. It has made my job so much easier. It has made the weekly collection of tuition seamless. We use ProCare Cloud as well and our parents even have the option to pay from their phones. Paula View all third-party reviews Overall, my experience with Tuition Express has been positive. The customer service has been excellent as well as the product and results.  Tuition Express is easy to use and provi... Read More KRisten View all third-party reviews Overall, my experience with Tuition Express has been positive. The customer service has been excellent as well as the product and results.  Tuition Express is easy to use and provides a great ROI! It helped our early care and education centers ensure that tuition was billed on time, the correct tuition amount was billed, that tuition was collected on time, and that proper late fees and discounts were assessed. This made budgeting and auditing so much easier. Parents appreciated the convenience of being able to make tuition payments with a credit card and being able to pay remotely. KRisten View all third-party reviews We’ve worked hard to earn our status as the most recommended Child Care Management Software, an honor we’ve held since 1992. For over 30 years, Procare Solutions has been dedicated to empowering early childhood educators by providing products and services that enable them to focus on the care, safety and education of children. We recognize the responsibility that comes with nurturing and educating children, which is why our child care management solutions are designed to automate business processes, help ensure safety and compliance, communicate with families and provide educational resources and training to help teachers and children thrive. Over 40,000 satisfied customers have chosen Procare Solutions as their trusted partner in providing exceptional care for young minds. WHY PROCARE Procare Cost and Time Savings Calculator Automated Payment Processing Cost & Time Savings Calculator Digital Curriculum Cost and Time Savings Calculator Calculate your potential cost and time savings by using Procare’s all-in-one child care management software. All we will need from you is
                      some information about your child care location*: Calculate your potential cost and time savings by using Procare’s secure and effortless child care payment processing. All we will need
                      from you is some information about your child care location*: Calculate your potential cost and time savings by using Procare’s classroom management. All we will need from you is some information
                      about your child care location*: Number of Staff Number of Students Type of Center Child Care Center Multi-Center or Franchise Center School District Before and After School Program Park District Church or Faith-Based Organization In-Home Child Care View Savings All fields are required * Our data model is based on our experience working with over 100,000 child care centers, before and after school programs and youth
                  organizations since 1992. Hourly Rate (constant) Switching to will save you hours and a month!* a month! Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Family Registration Attendance Tracking Family Communication and Engagement Financials Payment Processing Classroom Management Family Registration Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Attendance Tracking Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Family Communication and Engagement Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Financials Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Payment Processing Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Classroom Management Manual Procare Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) The cost and time savings shown here are what the Procare all-in-one solution will help you save at your child care organization. Fill out
                  the form below to see the full breakdown. We understand that smaller centers and in-home daycare providers are operating on a tight budget, and that is why we provide all these features
                for the affordable price of just $25 per month. Let us handle the business of child care so you can get back to caring for your children. To learn more about Procare home version, click below. Get Started Today! *Please note that the report you see only factors in cost and time savings for the in-home solution features. For Procare home version users
                  that are interested in seeing how they can benefit from Procare’s full suite of capabilities, contact us today to speak to a Procare representative.​ *Please note that the report you see only factors in cost and time savings for the in-home solution features. For Procare home version users
                  that are interested in seeing how they can benefit from Procare’s full suite of capabilities, contact us today to speak to a Procare representative. *Please note that the classroom management functionality is not available for in-home users. For Procare home
                  version users that are interested in seeing how they can benefit from Procare’s full suite of capabilities, contact us today to speak to a Procare representative. Cost & Time Savings Date Automation Number of Staff Number of Students Hourly Rate Savings per Month For over 30 years, Procare Solutions has helped child care businesses big and small tackle their biggest operational challenges. From contactless check-in, attendance tracking and staff management to family engagement, tuition collection and extensive reporting,
                          we have the solutions that child care professionals want most. More than 37,000 child care businesses choose Procare because we give them everything they need to focus on what they love—providing
                          amazing experiences to the children in their care. Our data model is based on our experience working with over 100,000 child care centers, before and after school programs and youth
                          organizations since 1992. Learn more at procaresolutions.com Procare Cost and Time Savings Calculator Family Registration Manual Procare Task Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Enrollment Waitlist / Lead Management eDocuments Family Data Entry / Management Health and Immunization Records Total per month Attendance Tracking Manual Procare Task Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Check-in/Check-out Class Roster Management Teacher-Student Ratio Tracking Total per month Family Communication and Engagement Manual Procare Task Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Child Activity Tracking Family Messaging Staff Messaging Meal Planning Total per month Financials Manual Procare Task Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Payroll Financial Reporting Business Planning and Reporting Staff Time Tracking / Scheduling Total per month Payment Processing Manual Procare Task Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Registration Payments and Processing Tuition Processing Subsidy Management Payment Reminders Annual Tax Statements Total per month Classroom Management Manual Procare Task Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Time (hr/month) Cost ($/month) Activity Planning Develop and Maintain Curriculum Assessments and Milestones State Compliance / Licensing Reporting Total per month Procare Support is here for you. From setup and installation to ongoing help and training. Visit our support portal for help with Procare’s child care management software. Support Portal Stay up to date on child care industry trends with Procare! Sign up to get the latest child care industry news, trends and best practices delivered directly to your inbox. Solutions Child Care Centers Before & After School Programs Early Childhood Education Franchises In-Home Daycare Multi-Centers School Districts Summer & Youth Camps YMCA-YWCA Shared Services Capabilities Child Care Management Software Child Care App Attendance Tracking Business Insights & Reporting Child Care Center Hardware Classroom Management Early Childhood Learning Curriculum Family Engagement Financial Management Integrated Tuition Processing Meal Planning Multi-Center Management Staff Management Partners Checkr Gusto IntelliKid Systems Learning Beyond Paper Listen360 Quickbooks KidKare by Minute Menu About Us Careers Leadership Press Room Who is Tucker? Why Procare Giving Back Trust and Security Accessibility Statement Quick Links Contact Login Portal Support Podcast Refer Procare Request a Demo Resource Center State Funding, Programs and Resources 2025 Child Care Industry Trends System Status Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © Copyright 2025 Procare Software, LLC. All rights reserved. | 1125 17th St., Ste 1800, Denver, CO 80202 | (800) 338-3884 Procare Software is a registered ISO of PNC Bank, N.A., Pittsburgh, PA