ProfitMetrics.io | Profit Bidding and POAS® Marketing software Products Core POAS® Server-side tracking Real-time Dashboard Features Conversion Booster for Google Ads Shopping Booster for Google Ads Integrations For Agencies For E-commerce Agency E-commerce Resources Blog Case studies Reports and insights Mastering POAS® Guide POAS® Course Pricing English English Sign in Free trial Product Core POAS ® Server-side tracking Real-time Dashboard Features Conversion Booster for Google Ads Shopping Booster for Google Ads Integrations For Agencies For E-commerce Resources Blog Case studies Reports and insights Mastering POAS® Guide POAS® Course Pricing Sign in Free trial Get full transparency into your profitability ProfitMetrics lets you track, report, and optimize marketing based on profit and POAS® Book demo Free trial Trusted by Trusted by ROAS doesn't tell you if your ads are actually profitable Spreadsheets and financial reports don't give you real time insights into your profitability. Optimizing for revenue won't account for different product margins and additional expenses. Revenue numbers won't tell you which campaigns, products or ads are wasting your ad spend. What is POAS®? POAS® is a marketing KPI that is calculated by dividing Gross Profit by Ad spend. This ensures Break-even is always 1 and you know exactly how much profit you make on each $1 spend on ads. This makes decisions a lot easier. Learn more ROAS Revenue on ad spend Revenue Discounts Cost of goods Shipping cost Payment cost Packaging and handling Revenue / Ad spend Based on revenue Not transparent Does not include expenses Break-even is variable Profit on ad spend POAS Revenue Discounts Cost of goods Shipping cost Payment cost Packaging and handling Gross profit / Ad spend Based on gross profit Break-even is always 1 Includes all expenses 100% transparent You need ProfitMetrics The profit tracking and optimization tool that offers true transparency into ad spend. Maximize profitability with ProfitMetrics Real time overview Exact profit calculation Accurate server-side tracking Profit optimization Get a real-time overview of marketing and business profitability Our Real-time Dashboard pulls data directly from the e-commerce backend and all marketing channels 24/7 for 100% accuracy. See profit after ad spend, costs, and recurring expenses with just one click. See the exact profit calculation for each individual order We’ll show you the real profit after accounting for: Discount Shipping fee Payment fee Cost of good Packaging and handling expenses Track all conversions with accurate server-side tracking ProfitMetrics offers accurate server-side tracking for Google ads, GA4, and Meta, so you can make better decisions while staying compliant. Learn more Direct Google ads and Meta to optimize for profit instead of revenue Use POAS® bidding to scale true winners and cut losers: Analyze profitability down to the product level in Google ads. See profit after ad spend for all campaigns and ads directly inside marketing channels. Control and direct ad spend towards the most profitable ads and products. Trusted by thousands of retailers Hear from our customers Robbie Nevens Co-Founder of LampTwist “ProfitMetrics helped us so much in 2023 to get back on the right track... With our amount of orders/suppliers/clients, it's very hard to have a day to day overview of the business. Accounting was mostly 9 months or more behind, meaning we didn't have any clear view on profitability of the company. But now we are growing in a very healthy way, and it's very easy to say that Profit Metrics has been the biggest key tool in this.” Henrik Kristoffersen Founder of Danish Bike “We have several webshops and collaborate with several agencies. So, getting one place with the overview and the ability to dive into the profit numbers is invaluable because we can see exactly how much more we earn now that we have ProfitMetrics.io.”​ Mathias Wagner Founder of Hofstra & Wagner “The whole system is a huge success for us. The ability to go in and determine which channels are generating profit has been absolutely crucial - and surprising - for us.”​ Didier van Willigenburg Co-owner at Easyplants “ProfitMetrics combines ease of use with powerful functionalities that exponentially boost the growth potential of e-commerce businesses. We wholeheartedly recommend this platform to any e-commerce entrepreneur looking to gain better insights into their numbers and stay ahead of the competition!” It’s simple to ‍ get started Book demo Quick Integration Guided Onboarding & Support Easy to install 1 Easy integration Easy to install apps, modules and plugins for all major e-commerce platforms with support for custom integrations. 2 Guided onboarding We offer free onboarding assistance to ensure you are ready to go in less then an hour. 3 Free assistance and support Need more help? We offer free email support and aim to respond within 24 hours on weekdays. Are you an agency? ProfitMetrics helps you see which of your campaigns, ads, and products are actually driving profit for your clients. Learn more Bland Selv Frø gained 100% insight Since implementing ProfitMetrics, Bland Selv Frø has gained the insights needed to begin aggressively scaling their growth, with improved revenue and profitability. 100% Tracking rate 371% Ad spend 305% Revenue 436% Gross profit Read case study BEAUTYCOS gained profit clarity to unlock smarter growth across Europe With ProfitMetrics, BEAUTYCOS navigated a massive inventory with efficiency and accuracy, paving the way for confident, precise expansion. -21% Avg. Order Ad Spend 18% First Order Gross Profit 51% Blended POAS® across all markets Expansion from 5 to 17 markets Read case study DanGuitar increased Net Profit at home and abroad With help from their agency partner Obsidian, DanGuitar saw substantial profit growth in Denmark and even greater gains in their expansion markets, Sweden and Norway, using ProfitMetrics 28% Net Profit in Denmark 129% Net Profit in Sweden 73% Net Profit in Norway Overall: +38% Revenue and +42% Net Profit Read case study Fashionbystrand grew net profit by 27% If you don’t know the actual returns (profit) from your ads, scaling can be intimidating. See how Fashionbystrand overcame this and scaled with confidence. 154% ad spend 90% revenue 27% net profit Read case study GearFreak ‍ doubled their profits How would the future of your business change if you could save 60% on ad spend while increasing gross profit by 23%?​ -60.47 % ad spend 32% revenue 23.6% gross profit 5.81% transactions Read case study Easy integration We have native integrations with all major e-commerce platforms and marketing channels. See full list Maximize Profitability Get started today, no credit card required. Book demo Free trial ProfitMetrics boosts your work with real-time profit insights on orders. Navigation For agencies For e-commerce Resources Job Contact Company About us Newsletter LinkedIn YouTube Legal Terms of service Privacy policy current-year Knowledge base Earnings disclaimer Facebook disclaimer current-year