ProgrammaticX | Innovative Programmatic Digital Ad Solutions top of page Home About Us Solutions Partners Careers Contact More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. THE PROGRAMMATIC X EDGE Intelligent, Data-Driven Advertising Technology That Lifts Display & Video Revenue for Publishers ABOUT US PROGRAMMATICX Programmatic X is a Digital Advertising Technology that Drives Display and Video Revenue Uplift for Publishers. ​ Our seasoned team ensures effective and efficient solutions with one goal in mind: to make your revenue skyrocket. ​ Offering our partners boutique solutions that drive results and lead to revenue uplift. ​ Whether you are an advertiser or a publisher, ProgrammaticX has the expertise and resources to help you achieve your KPIs. ​ Programmatic X is a part of the Forty Four Ventures, which invests in global media and digital marketing companies. ABOUT US SOLUTIONS AT PROGRAMMATIC X ProgrammaticX is the ultimate partner for all your digital advertising needs. We specialize in mobile and desktop ads, helping publishers and advertisers reach their audiences and monetize their content. With our suite of services, you can take your business to the next level and achieve success in the digital world. In - App Web Digital Audio Connected TV SERVICES 01 02 PUBLISHERS Through its cutting- edge technology and strategic partnerships, ProgrammaticX not only ensures a seamless integration process but also guarantees maximum revenue uplift for your business. 03 TAILORED TARGETING ProgrammaticX has curated an exceptionally diverse dataset of identity signals, setting a benchmark in the industry. Our intelligence engine crafts precise programmatic insights, empowering media buyers to enhance decision-making with efficiency and statistically validated choices. ADVERTISERS Forward-thinking ad formats across in-app, web, digital audio and connected TV promising not just high engagement but also to boost your brand awareness. 04 SUPPLY PATH OPTIMIZATION (SPO) Streamlining supply chain and enhancing transparency. Our goal is to maximize efficiency, reduce costs, and improve overall performance by selecting the most direct and effective routes in the supply chain. 05 INVENTORY QUALITY VERIFICATION At ProgrammaticX we ensure the effectiveness and integrity of the digital advertising ecosystem. Our tools employ advanced algorithms and data analytics to assess various aspects of targeting, including brand safety, ad quality detection, viewability, ad placement and inventory quality. WHY PROGRAMMATIC X In a nutshell, we at ProgrammaticX emerge as the top choice for online advertising. Whether you're an advertiser or a publisher, our expertise and resources are at your disposal, accelerating you toward your goals with unparalleled efficiency. ProgrammaticX provides a distinctive advantage, seamlessly integrating transparency, cutting-edge technology, and flawless supply chain solutions. Experience the ease of seamless integrations and the assurance of punctual payments. The ProgrammaticX advantage is more than a commitment; it's where your success becomes our innovation. OUR PARTNERS At ProgrammaticX, we are proud to work with some of the industry's most premium publishers. Our partnerships allow us to offer our clients exceptional advertising opportunities that deliver results. PROUDLY TRUSTED BY At Programmatic X , we’re trusted by the best – IAB and TAG. We guarantee safety and transparency Verified by TAG, we’re your go-to for secure, high-quality campaigns that deliver results. CAREERS We’re looking for innovative talent to join our team. See all positions and submit your CV. AD OPERATION SPECIALIST We're seeking a detail-oriented Ad Operations Specialist to drive the success of our digital advertising campaigns. As a key player, you'll handle end-to-end campaign setup, optimize performance and provide insightful analysis for continuous improvement. If you're passionate about digital advertising and thrive in a collaborative environment, we want to hear from you. Apply Now CONTACT US First Name Last Name Email Purpose inquiry Message Send Thanks for submitting! Anchor 1 PROGRAMMATIC X part of the Security Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers Contact Data Processing Agreement bottom of page