The Progressive — A voice for peace, social justice, and the common good - Progressive.org Skip to main content Search The Latest Politics & Government Immigration Activism & Dissent Labor & Economy Climate Middle East Magazine Digital Magazine Login Recent Past Issues Public Schools Advocate About Public Schools Advocate Meet Our Fellows Op-Eds About Progressive Perspectives Op-Ed Writing Workshops About Us Our Team Internships Contact Ways to Give Job Opportunities Pitching Guidelines Shop Subscribe SingleCopy Gift Subscription Renew Subscription Donate Donate a vehicle More ways to give Home RSS Homepage Jacquelyn Martin/AP After the Wreck One year from the midterm elections, what’s next for a nation of states no longer united? Dec 16, 2025 Melissa Ryan Progressive Perspectives RJ Castillo (CC BY-SA 3.0) Venezuelan ‘Threat’ Is All Trumped Up President Donald Trump has been inching toward war with Venezuela for one reason: oil. Dec 30, 2025 Carmen Rojas The Latest Andrey Popov/Shutterstock Homeowner Advocates Fight Back Against HOAs Homeowners associations are undemocratic and unaccountable to the communities they govern. Grassroots groups are organizing to change this. Dec 30, 2025 Glenn Daigon Cover-Up Telling Sy Hersh’s Story A new documentary casts harsh light on government secrecy, failed media oversight, and public backlash. Dec 26, 2025 Glenn Daigon Illustration by Christopher Cruz The Push to Make U.S. College Students Climate Literate Students and professors at universities across the country are pushing for general education requirements to equip students to combat climate change. Dec 22, 2025 Jill Webb Kat Wilcox (CC0) Murderers Are People, Too A new book mines reasons for empathy in the lives of people who have committed terrible crimes. Dec 17, 2025 Rashon Venable Shutterstock The Equity Docket: The Architecture of Exclusion The Education Department’s reclassification of ‘professional degrees’ is the latest installment in a long history of excluding Black people, women, and working-class people. Dec 17, 2025 Terrance Sullivan More from The Latest Get the latest Progressive news Sign-up for our free weekly e-mail newsletter. December/January 2025-2026 Subscribe Facebook Bluesky Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube RSS Donate Get the latest Progressive news Sign up for our free email newsletter! The Progressive Magazine Advertise Address Change Current Issue Gift Subscription Subscriber Services Subscription Renewal More Ways to Give Donate a car or other vehicle Special Projects Public Schools Advocate > About > Our Education Fellows Progressive Perspectives > About > Clinics The Basics About Us Contact Us Donate Privacy Policy Jobs Internships Writers Guidelines The Progressive Inc. publishes The Progressive magazine plus Progressive.org and Public Schools Advocate. © 2025 • The Progressive, Inc. • 931 E. Main Street, Suite 10 • Madison, Wisconsin 53703 • (608) 257-4626 Built with Metro Publisher™