Project & Work Management Software - ProjectManager Skip to Content Home Product Overview Product overview Learn more about ProjectManager and how it can improve your business Integrations Discover app combinations that improve your productivity Mobile apps Sync work across all your devices and access it on the go Features Gantt charts Set milestones, connect dependencies and track progress Dashboards Collect and view real-time data on your work for key insights Project portfolios Manage portfolios, align objectives and get high-level overviews AI Project Insights Generate instant project summaries and get real recommendations Reports Generate in-depth, easy-to-read reports to share progress Project version control Track and restore versions of a project plan for quality control Workflow automation Create automated workflows and improve productivity Kanban boards Prioritize and execute your work with transparency and agility Critical path management Find and track the critical path to deliver on time WBS planning Plan and organize every task in a detailed hierarchy See all → Plan Team For small-to-medium teams that need to manage robust projects Business For medium-to-large teams that need to optimize portfolios Enterprise For organizations that need customized security and priority support Compare plans → Solutions By Industry Manufacturing Reduce lead time, ensure quality and perfect your process Construction Create schedules, manage crews and deliver under budget Information technology Streamline IT processes and scale up with ease Professional services Plan projects, track progress and manage resources See all → By Use Case Project planning Build comprehensive project plans and organize tasks Time tracking Track your team’s time, whether they’re on-site or remote Project scheduling Schedule and assign work to bring your project in on time Resource management Assign resources, balance workload and move forward Risk management Manage risks alongside project plans for better execution Task management Track progress, costs and hours on tasks and subtasks Agile project management Manage backlogs, create workflows and execute sprints Project collaboration Share files, add comments and work together in real time See all → Plan Team For small-to-medium teams that need to manage robust projects Business For medium-to-large teams that need to optimize portfolios Enterprise For organizations that need customized security and priority support Compare plans → Resources Explore Company Get to know our company and our mission Customer stories See how real companies achieved success Blog Read the industry-leading blog on work management Guides Get key insights on major topics in project management Learn Training academy Get started faster with free training videos Knowledge base Access documentation on using ProjectManager Product videos Tour our features with exploratory videos Developer resources Review documentation, code samples and other API resources Compare vs Microsoft Project Collaborate online without compromising features vs Microsoft Planner Import MPP and get stronger Gantt charts vs Monday.com Tackle complex projects without add-ons vs Smartsheet Manage work with more than a spreadsheet See all → Templates Construction schedule Keep track of all the phases of your build Production schedule Create product roadmaps and ship on time IT project plan Accelerate delivery on your next IT project Agile sprint planner Plan your sprints with out-of-the-box workflows See all templates → Enterprise Pricing Contact Sales Login Google Play Apple App Store Contact sales Login Start free trial Product Overview Product overview Learn more about ProjectManager and how it can improve your business Integrations Discover app combinations that improve your productivity Mobile apps Sync work across all your devices and access it on the go Features Gantt charts Set milestones, connect dependencies and track progress Dashboards Collect and view real-time data on your work for key insights Project portfolios Manage portfolios, align objectives and get high-level overviews AI Project Insights Generate instant project summaries and get real recommendations Reports Generate in-depth, easy-to-read reports to share progress Project version control Track and restore versions of a project plan for quality control Workflow automation Create automated workflows and improve productivity Kanban boards Prioritize and execute your work with transparency and agility Critical path management Find and track the critical path to deliver on time WBS planning Plan and organize every task in a detailed hierarchy See all Plan Team For small-to-medium teams that need to manage robust projects Business For medium-to-large teams that need to optimize portfolios Enterprise For organizations that need customized security and priority support Compare plans Solutions By Industry Manufacturing Reduce lead time, ensure quality and perfect your process Construction Create schedules, manage crews and deliver under budget Information technology Streamline IT processes and scale up with ease Professional services Plan projects, track progress and manage resources See all By Use Case Project planning Build comprehensive project plans and organize tasks Time tracking Track your team’s time, whether they’re on-site or remote Project scheduling Schedule and assign work to bring your project in on time Resource management Assign resources, balance workload and move forward Risk management Manage risks alongside project plans for better execution Task management Track progress, costs and hours on tasks and subtasks Agile project management Manage backlogs, create workflows and execute sprints Project collaboration Share files, add comments and work together in real time See all Plan Team For small-to-medium teams that need to manage robust projects Business For medium-to-large teams that need to optimize portfolios Enterprise For organizations that need customized security and priority support Compare plans Resources Explore Company Get to know our company and our mission Customer stories See how real companies achieved success Blog Read the industry-leading blog on work management Guides Get key insights on major topics in project management Learn Training academy Get started faster with free training videos Knowledge base Access documentation on using ProjectManager Product videos Tour our features with exploratory videos Developer resources Review documentation, code samples and other API resources Compare vs Microsoft Project Collaborate online without compromising features vs Microsoft Planner Import MPP and get stronger Gantt charts vs Monday.com Tackle complex projects without add-ons vs Smartsheet Manage work with more than a spreadsheet See all Templates Construction schedule Keep track of all the phases of your build Production schedule Create product roadmaps and ship on time IT project plan Accelerate delivery on your next IT project Agile sprint planner Plan your sprints with out-of-the-box workflows See all templates Enterprise Pricing Menu Project management software designed for business excellence A feature-rich, online platform for project planning, resource management and AI-powered analysis JOIN 35,000+ HIGHLY PRODUCTIVE TEAMS Bring agility , accuracy and insights to your project portfolios Overview Construction Pro Services Manufacturing IT Teams Detailed planning and execution For projects that require vigorous planning, forecasting, cost analysis, resource allocation, task management and reporting, ProjectManager outperforms the competition. "The value of formal project management pays for itself quickly." Scott Lilly Kaiser Aluminum Learn more Construction projects Keep schedules on time and under budget. Plan with dependencies, then track baselines and filter for the critical path. When it’s time to execute, field teams can update tasks on site with the mobile app. "We could start tracking our projects to make more accurate quotes. It was fantastic." Justin Smith Construc Pty Ltd Learn more Professional services Ensure client satisfaction without sacrificing ROI. Adjust resource schedules in real time across projects, track time on tasks, monitor costs and give your client visibility into progress with a free guest license. "We could never tackle the amount of projects we have if we didn’t have ProjectManager." Stacy Kerns Texas Health and Human Services Learn more Manufacturing project management Deliver quality products to your customers, faster. Plan jobs, evaluate performance and adapt to last minute changes as a team with the powerful flexibility of our desktop and mobile apps. "The software helps us deliver to our customers’ objectives on time, budget and to the requisite quality." Dan Smith CatSci Learn more IT project management Plan ahead while managing today’s IT needs. Tackle everything from onboarding to request management to complex waterfall projects with our unique, hybrid offering of Gantt, kanban and advanced reports. "I get central information to schedule our people, share those schedules, comment and update them." Mark Klady Lightenco Learn more Plan in the office. Execute in the field. Build detailed plans that provide everything your team needs to get it right the first time. And with our mobile app, tasks can be updated immediately from the worksite or shop floor. Get started Secure collaboration Collaborate on projects without compromising sensitive information thanks to versatile custom roles, user permissions, approval workflows, project restrictions and enterprise-level technical security with SOC 2 compliance. Get started Single source of truth Store project documents and collaborate in one secure location. No more digging through emails or messages. Peace of mind Set guardrails that limit a user’s ability to adjust plans, bypass approval workflows or view confidential files. Eliminate busy work Save hours by automating administrative work such as priority changes and approval requests. Access from anywhere Manage your projects no matter where your work takes you. Our desktop and mobile apps are always in sync. Join our live weekly demo Attend a 30-minute demo of ProjectManager and get your questions answered by experts. Register now Advanced resource management Get advanced resource management at a fraction of the cost. Schedule resources, manage workloads, submit timesheets and track it all in real time, across projects. Get started Real-time availability Get live insights into your team’s workload. Reassign work with a simple drag and drop to eliminate resource bottlenecks. Stress-free time tracking Team members can log hours as they work, then use those hours to automatically populate timesheets at the end of the week. Impactful portfolio management and reporting Do more than just group your projects. Design custom portfolio dashboards, allocate resources, balance budgets, run in-depth reports and align everything on a roadmap. Get started Effortless scalability Copy projects and make custom templates to quickly make a portfolio and ramp up in days, not weeks. ROI insights Pinpoint which projects yield the best results for your team by leveraging our out-of-the-box dashboards and reports. Stakeholder management Print or share dashboards, Gantt charts or project reports with stakeholders—or simply give them a free guest license. Organizational alignment When you manage teams, projects and portfolios in one software, it’s easy to align everyone to the same goals. Hear from our customers “I had been wasting so much time on timesheets. But with ProjectManager, it was easy. That’s when I thought, this could work.” Justin Smith Senior Construction Engineer See customer story “Microsoft Project was not collaborative enough. ProjectManager felt like the sweet spot in ENB’s evolution.” Michael J. Sosnowski Project Manager in a PMO See customer story “Technicians can actually make task updates right in the field. Getting the project data in faster was a big draw for us.” Scott Lilly Project Manager See customer story See more stories Integrate with over 1,000 business & project management apps See all integrations Google Add Google links to tasks for easy collaboration. Plus, sync to Google Drive & Google Calendars via Zapier. Learn more Microsoft Seamless importing and round-tripping of Microsoft Project plans, Excel files and CSV files. Learn more Zapier Keep the data flowing when you connect with Salesforce via our Zapier integration. Learn more Slack Share all your project conversations in your favorite Slack channels. Learn more Jira View and update all your ProjectManager tasks in Jira for maximum efficiency. Learn more API For more advanced integrations, take advantage of our custom API. Learn more Powerful for managers. Flexible for teams. Trusted by 35,000+ users worldwide. “The reporting feature is outstanding – lets you personalize the reporting, and export it.” “It has an excellent price if we think about all the functions that ProjectManager has.” “I feel good about recommending ProjectManager because of the people you have in support” Start your free 30-day trial Deliver faster, collaborate better and innovate more effectively without the high price tag or months-long implementation required by other products. Features Project management software Resource planning software Workflow automation Gantt chart makers Kanban board software Project dashboards Task management software PPM tools Project management tools Guides Project management Gantt charts Project plans Work breakdown structure Kanban Critical path method PMO Construction project management Project portfolio management Templates Project plan template Gantt chart template Kanban board template RACI matrix template WBS template Project budget template Project dashboard template Production schedule template Punch list template Compare vs Microsoft Project vs Microsoft Planner vs Smartsheet vs Monday.com vs Asana vs Wrike vs Procore vs Buildertrend Company About us Support Security Customer stories Careers Status ProjectManager API ProjectManager blog Microsoft project for Mac Excel project mgmt templates Best MS Project alternatives Construction PM schedule Microsoft Project viewer Best construction scheduling software Free Excel construction templates Free Excel manufacturing templates Essential project reports © 2026 ProjectManager.com, Inc. ProjectManager.com Terms Legal Privacy Site Map