Sign In View Cart Help
Browse
Titles
Publishers
Subjects
Resources
Subscription and Access
Library Resources
Publisher Tools
Researcher Resources
About
About Project Euclid
Advisory Board
News & Events
Policies
Advanced Search
  
Search 2.5 million pages of mathematics and statistics articles
  
 Advanced Search
For Researchers

Read new and archival journals, books, and proceedings on a platform designed for mathematicians and statisticians.

Browse Titles
For Librarians

Find distinguished literature from dozens of nonprofit and university publishers in a powerful and friendly interface.

Subscriptions and Access
For Publishers

Sustain your independence and strengthen dissemination with our nonprofit, advanced hosting platform and aggregation.

News & Info
About Us

Project Euclid provides a platform for independent and small publishers of mathematics and statistics to continue contributing vital scholarship in these disciplines in a cost-effective way. It hosts over 100 publications from around the world, including some of the most distinguished in their fields. Created by Cornell University Library in 2000 and now managed by Duke University Press, Project Euclid supports independent publishing and strives to resist the consolidation and commercialization of scholarly communications. 

Who we are

2026 pricing now available for Euclid Prime

Euclid Prime, a collection of 29 high-impact titles, has announced 2026 pricing for libraries and other institutions. For more information, visit Euclid Prime at Duke University Press.

Featured Journal

Advanced Studies: Euro-Tbilisi Mathematical Journal is the continuation of the Tbilisi Mathematical Journal founded in 2008. Under this new name the journal was relaunched in September 2021 to reflect the increase of its standards and broadening of its coverage.

It is a fully refereed mathematical journal accepting original, high-quality research papers in all areas of pure and applied mathematics. It belongs to the Tbilisi Centre for Mathematical Sciences, and it is supported by the Georgian National Academy of Sciences and the European Mathematical Society.

High-quality submissions in all areas of pure and applied mathematics are strongly invited.

Michigan Mathematical Journal: Special Volume in Honor of Gopal Prasad

The Michigan Mathematical Journal is pleased to announce a special volume honoring Gopal Prasad, its former managing editor (1998-2011) on the occasion of his 75th birthday. Read the special issue.

Featured articles
MATHEMATICS
Delocalization of eigenvectors of random matrices with independent entries

(Duke Mathematical Journal)

Relative algebro-geometric stabilities of toric manifolds

(Tohoku Mathematical Journal)

STATISTICS & PROBABLITY
Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines

(Annals of Statistics) 

Instrumental Variables: An Econometrician’s Perspective

(Statistical Science) 

APPLIED MATHEMATICS
Analysis of persistent nonstationary time series and applications

(Communications in Applied Mathematics and Computational Science) 

Euler's Elastica and Beyond

(Journal of Geometry and Symmetry in Physics) 

COMPUTER SCIENCE
Recursive Least Squares with Linear Constraints

(Communications in Information & Systems) 

LOGIC
Multiset theory.

(Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic) 

The axiom of elementary sets on the edge of Peircean expressibility

(Journal of Symbolic Logic) 

MATHEMATICAL PHYSICS
Jacobi stability analysis of dynamical systems—applications in gravitation and cosmology

(Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics) 

Quick Links
Browse
Search
About
Accessibility
Sign in
Information for Librarians
Manage my account
Subscriptions and Access
Librarian tools
More Help
Information for Publishers
Manage my account
Contact & Support

Business Office
905 W. Main Street
Suite 18B
Durham, NC 27701 USA





Help | Contact Us

Privacy Policy
© 2026 Project Euclid, a Duke University Press initiatve