PS - The World's Opinion Page - Project Syndicate Skip to navigation Skip to main content Access provided by The World's Opinion Page Newsletters Subscribe Log in Latest Economics Politics Subscriber Exclusive PS Quarterly Columnists Access provided by Sustainability Development Culture Africa Democracy AI Oceans PS - The World's Opinion Page Getty Images Quarterly 0 The Year That Could Be Lea Ypi A decade after Brexit and Donald Trump's first election to the US presidency, states are increasingly isolated from one another, institutions are held hostage to the arbitrary will of individuals, and the rule of law seems irreversibly in decline. Yet even without cause for optimism, one can – and must – muster hope. considers what the near future could hold for a world that seems to have lost its way. bombermoon/Getty Images Innovation 0 Silicon Valley Socialism Noreena Hertz Tech titans like Elon Musk are offering us a future of socialism from above, where they keep the means of production while everyone else gets an allowance. But if the allowance is high enough, should we care who owns the algorithms and data centers? sees several problems with the kind of top-down basic-income schemes proposed by tech industry leaders. Martin Bertrand/Hans Lucas/AFP via Getty Images Economics 2 The Real Existential Threat Facing Europe Nouriel Roubini warns that the continent faces a future of relative economic backwardness as global competition intensifies. Further reading Philippe Aghion Only Creative Destruction Will Boost European Competitiveness Sean Gallup/Getty Images Politics 0 The West Is Not Ready for a Multipolar World Gemma Cheng'er Deng & Jim O'Neill think the United States and its traditional allies lack a coherent strategy for dealing with emerging powers. Further reading Akihisa Nagashima The Time for Indo-Pacific Unity Has Come Thierry Monasse/Getty Images Politics 0 Against Euro-Pessimism Harold James points out that the continent has a history of political reinvention, especially following moments of despair. Further reading Joschka Fischer Reality Is Forging a New Europe Bettmann Contributor/Getty Images Innovation 0 Humanity’s Alignment Problem Antara Haldar thinks the greatest risks today stem from institutional misalignments, not ignorance. Further reading Michael Spence The AI Diffusion Challenge J Studios/Getty Images Innovation 0 How to Tax AI Sami Mahroum proposes levies on the computational time consumed by AI systems in lieu of unworkable "robot taxes." Further reading Yanis Varoufakis A Tax on Robots? Gokhan Zobar/Anadolu via Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 Climate Adaptation More Than Covers Its Cost Mekala Krishnan , et al. estimate the level of investment needed to protect vulnerable places and show why the payoff is much larger. Further reading Mahmoud Mohieldin Climate and Development Finance Must Be Integrated Tim Evans/AFP via Getty Images Longer Reads 0 PS Commentators’ Predictions for 2026 PS editors asked PS contributors to identify national and global trends to watch for in the coming year. Further reading PS editors PS Commentators’ Predictions for 2025 HOLIDAY SALE: Save $25 on a Digital Plus subscription Our annual flagship magazine, PS Quarterly: The Year Ahead 2026 , is here! To get your print copy, and unlock digital access to all its content, subscribe to PS Digital Plus now. Subscribe Now How the Fed Became a Lender of Immediate Resort Amit Seru argues that overuse of emergency measures has weakened accountability and distorted incentives. Why Haven’t Trump’s Tariffs Crashed the US Economy? Jeffrey Frankel explains why a disaster deferred in 2025 may not be a disaster denied in 2026. A Country and a World Out of Balance Richard Haass reflects on the dangerous power shifts in the US and globally since Donald Trump's return to the White House. America’s Post-Trump China Strategy Stephen S. Roach thinks effective diplomacy will be impossible so long as the current US president is in office. PS Quarterly Subscribe to PS Premium to secure The Year Ahead 2026 magazine Subscribe Now Upgrade Your Subscription Latest bombermoon/Getty Images Silicon Valley Socialism Dec 31, 2025 Noreena Hertz sees several problems with the kind of top-down basic-income schemes proposed by tech industry leaders. Sean Gallup/Getty Images The West Is Not Ready for a Multipolar World Dec 31, 2025 Gemma Cheng'er Deng & Jim O'Neill think the United States and its traditional allies lack a coherent strategy for dealing with emerging powers. Gokhan Zobar/Anadolu via Getty Images Climate Adaptation More Than Covers Its Cost Dec 31, 2025 Mekala Krishnan , et al. estimate the level of investment needed to protect vulnerable places and show why the payoff is much larger. Thierry Monasse/Getty Images Against Euro-Pessimism Dec 30, 2025 Harold James points out that the continent has a history of political reinvention, especially following moments of despair. J Studios/Getty Images How to Tax AI Dec 30, 2025 Sami Mahroum proposes levies on the computational time consumed by AI systems in lieu of unworkable "robot taxes." Trending Beware of Central Economic Forecasts for 2026 Dec 17, 2025 Mohamed A. El-Erian argues that the US economy is locked in a tense tug-of-war between three distinct futures. Three Shocks that Shook the World in 2025 Dec 22, 2025 Yanis Varoufakis shows that the combined effect of all three has left Europe the most shocked and shaken of all. Expect Turbulent Asset Markets in 2026 Dec 22, 2025 Kenneth Rogoff highlights the risks created by policy uncertainty, geopolitical instability, and weak fundamentals. PS Commentators’ Predictions for 2026 Dec 26, 2025 PS editors asked PS contributors to identify national and global trends to watch for in the coming year. Trump’s Big, Not-So-Beautiful Economic Mess Dec 19, 2025 Anne O. Krueger argues that in its first year, the administration has fully vindicated critics of is protectionist agenda. OnPoint Subscriber Exclusive OnPoint is our suite of subscriber-exclusive content. Get long-read commentaries, thematic deep dives, interviews with world leaders, and much more. Learn more. Subscribe View all Tim Evans/AFP via Getty Images Longer Reads 0 PS Commentators’ Predictions for 2026 PS editors Among the major issues that will dominate attention in the next 12 months are the war in Ukraine, Europe’s strategic position, technological decoupling, and the risk of an AI-induced market correction. Donald Trump’s weakening grip on the Republican Party suggests there are grounds for cautious optimism. asked PS contributors to identify national and global trends to watch for in the coming year. Kobus Louw/Getty Images Longer Reads 0 PS Commentators’ Best Reads in 2025 PS editors ask Project Syndicate contributors to select the books that most influenced their thinking over the past year. Kristian Buus/Getty Images Longer Reads 5 The Far Right’s Gender Playbook Cynthia  Miller-Idriss highlights how authoritarian movements have made women and LGBTQ+ people central to their political strategies. Further reading Ruth Ben-Ghiat Trump’s Authoritarian Innovations Andy Buchanan/Pool/Getty Images Longer Reads 3 Trump’s Pardon Racket Stephen Holmes examines how a power intended to restore peace has become a weapon for stoking conflict and lawlessness. Further reading Janine R. Wedel The Corruption Is the Point Win McNamee/Getty Images Longer Reads 4 Trump’s Authoritarian Innovations Ruth Ben-Ghiat examines three additions to the autocrat's playbook that set the US president apart from his contemporaries. Further reading Ruth Ben-Ghiat The New-Old Authoritarianism Photo by Scott Eisen/Getty Images Insider Interview 0 Defending Press Freedom in the Age of Trump Martin Baron interviewed by Deputy Managing Editor Rachel Danna about the forces endangering the fourth estate. Further reading Heela Rasool-Ayub America’s Voice No Longer Speaks for Democracy The Year Ahead 2026 Not since the end of World War II has the lack of clear global leadership or anything resembling an “international community” been so apparent. Donald Trump's return to the White House has confirmed that the world we once knew is on its way out. Lea Ypi The Year That Could Be Joseph E. Stiglitz Trump and the End of American Hegemony Yvette Cooper Building Peace Together Radosław Sikorski “Never Again,” Again Learn more Sustainability Now Sustainability Now brings together leading voices in all of the domains involved in combating climate change, each addressing specific facets of the challenge. View all Matthieu Delaty/Hans Lucas/AFP via Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 Europe’s Carbon Market Must Look Ahead Günther Thallinger & Ludovic Subran urge policymakers to stand by a proven approach that has guided polluting industries toward cleaner practices. Guadalupe Pardo/POOL/AFP via Getty Images Free to read Sustainability Now 0 The Critical-Minerals Race Is Putting the Planet at Risk Johanna Sydow & Nsama Chikwanka warns that resource extraction is endangering vulnerable communities and fueling conflict worldwide. Further reading Mauricio Cabrera Leal Responsible Mining Can Advance Global Environmental Goals Michael Dantas/AFP via Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 A Just Transition for Land Andrea Meza Murillo & Bradley Hiller consider how to mobilize the necessary financing for drought resilience and land preservation and restoration. Further reading Sonia Guajajara How Indigenous Peoples Will Drive Progress at COP30 Opinion that Moves Economics & Finance Nouriel Roubini The Real Existential Threat Facing Europe Jeffrey Frankel Why Haven’t Trump’s Tariffs Crashed the US Economy? Silvia Sgherri Will Dollar Dominance Survive Digital Money? Michael R. Strain Why Trump Has an Affordability Problem Politics & World Affairs Gemma Cheng'er Deng , et al. The West Is Not Ready for a Multipolar World Harold James Against Euro-Pessimism Vera Songwe , et al. How the World Can Reboot America First Richard Haass A Country and a World Out of Balance Human Development José Manuel Barroso A Model to Keep Multilateralism Alive Junaid Nabi Global Health Workers Strengthen US National Security Peter Singer The Best Treatment for the Most Painful Medical Condition Is Illegal Yi Fuxian Will China Forcibly Boost Fertility? Sustainability Now Mekala Krishnan , et al. Climate Adaptation More Than Covers Its Cost Peter Thomson A Decisive Year for Ocean Conservation Günther Thallinger , et al. Europe’s Carbon Market Must Look Ahead Saliem Fakir How the Green Transition Can Support Africa’s Development Innovation & Technology Sami Mahroum How to Tax AI Antara Haldar Humanity’s Alignment Problem Richard K. Sherwin Corporate AI Is a Threat to Freedom Michael Spence The AI Diffusion Challenge Culture & Society Timothy Snyder The AI War on Christmas Gordon Brown How to Keep Nigeria’s Schoolchildren Safe Paola Subacchi Academic Predators Vanessa Badré The Makings of Peace The African Century Africa’s economic rise is a world-changing development, but the sources of its emerging strength – and lingering weaknesses – are little understood. W… Adekeye Adebajo Donald Trump and the White Man’s Burden in Nigeria Junaid Nabi Global Health Workers Strengthen US National Security Saliem Fakir How the Green Transition Can Support Africa’s Development Press Released Today’s media landscape is littered with landmines: open hostility from illiberal and autocratic regimes, mounting censorship in countries such as Hungary, Turkey,… Martin Baron Defending Press Freedom in the Age of Trump Robin Berjon How Many More Cloud Scares Does Europe Need? Sally Wentworth In Defense of Encryption The Ocean Imperative Oceans cover over 70% of the planet’s surface and account for 97% of its total water supply; they produce half the oxygen that we breathe and absorb o… Peter Bryant , et al. The Triple-Return Ocean Economy Prince Albert II of Monaco Scaling the Ocean Economy María José Valverde The Ocean Is the Next Geopolitical Battleground Support Project Syndicate Subscribe Upgrade Donate Get our weekly newsletter Make your inbox smarter. Select Newsletters Content Authors PS Quarterly Sections Topics Archive Columnists Videos Podcasts Subscriber Exclusive OnPoint Longer Reads Insider Interviews Big Picture Global Bookmark Rewards Project Syndicate About Us Contact Careers FAQ Submission policy Newsletters Member Publications Network Syndication PS Magazines PS Events Institutions Corporate © Project Syndicate - 2025 | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Cookie Policy Sections Latest Economics Politics Development Sustainability Culture Innovation More Topics Columnists Videos Podcasts Subscriber Exclusive OnPoint Longer Reads Insider Interviews Big Picture Global Bookmark PS Quarterly Project Syndicate FAQ Subscribe Donate Rewards About Us Syndication Member Publications ✕ Log in/Register Please log in or register to continue. Registration is free. Log in Register Email required Password required Remember me? Please enter your email address and click on the reset-password button. If your email exists in our system, we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password. Please note that the link will expire twenty-four hours after the email is sent. If you can't find this email, please check your spam folder. Reset Password Cancel Email Email required Newsletters PS Economics Newsletter PS AI & Tech Newsletter Marketing Communications & Updates By proceeding, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions . or Sign in with Facebook Google Microsoft X Your Institution