Skip to main content
Get paid to participate
Contact sales
Sign in
Quality data.
From real people.
For faster breakthroughs.
Get set up fast on our self-serve platform and collect complete datasets in less than 2 hours.
Train & Evaluate AI
Run a Research study
Get paid to participate
Trusted by thousands of organizations
Prolific makes it easy to access the highest-quality data
Seamless setup
Researchers launch AI training and evaluation tasks, surveys, and more, every 2 minutes.
Rapid responses
Real people from our global community of 200k+ participants respond within 2 hours.
Faster breakthroughs
Participants get paid by researchers to change the world.
Easily find your audience from our pool of 200k+ active, vetted, and engaged participants.

Collect data from the people you need in minutes, not days.

Start collecting data
High-quality
Expect the most detailed, accurate, and honest free-text responses. Every time.
Fast
Set up and launch in 15 minutes. Collect data within 2 hours.
Easy
Integrate tools with a simple link. Launch tasks, studies, or experiments of any size.

Trusted for 10 years by leading academics, researchers, and organizations

I'd recommend Prolific to anyone looking to quickly gather high-quality data, especially if they need to recruit specific kinds of participant. I honestly don't think my research would have been possible without Prolific.

Alexander Robertson, AI Researcher, Google

We're thrilled with our partnership with Prolific. Their rapid project execution and exceptional deliverable quality - evident in a sub-1% removal rate for qualitative research - complemented by an intuitive setup and detailed profiling, have been instrumental in meeting and often exceeding our client expectations.

Andrew Santana, Head of Panel Management, Remesh

AI is changing fast, so it’s really valuable to be able to rapidly collect responses. I’ve typically collected data within 24 hours on Prolific. With this fast data collection, we can contribute timely, transparent data that tracks how attitudes to AI change over time, for us and other researchers to use now and in the future.

Janet Pauketat, Research Fellow at the Sentience Institute

Prolific’s adaptability, flexibility, and simplicity makes it the go-to place for us. With Prolific it isn’t just press a button and you’ll get a standard set of people. We were able to construct our own sampling brief. It was very easy and straightforward.

Tim Routledge, Co-Founder, CX Lab
Get paid to change the world - on your terms.
Earn cash by taking part in interesting tasks from anywhere, whenever you want.
Start earning
Fair
Get paid to share your expertise, with fair rewards and frequent incentives.

Flexible
Choose the studies you want to take part in. Exit any time, for any reason.
Fun
Explore, contribute to, and learn from all kinds of interesting tasks.
Put Prolific to the test. Today.
Start your research in just 15 minutes - or get paid to take part.
Start collecting data
Get paid to participate

Building a better world with better data.

AI development

Build AI
Data annotation
Training & alignment
Evaluation & safety
Google Cloud Partner

Resources

Audience Finder
Data quality
Resources hub
Prolific pricing
Academic research
Global crowd
Domain Experts
Integrations
Developers
Prolific GitHub resources

Company

About Prolific
Careers
Privacy & legal
Cookies policy
Manage cookie preferences
Accessibility statement

Contact

Contact Sales
Partner with us
Research Help Center
AI Help Center
Participant Help Center

Follow us on

&

All Rights Reserved Prolific 2025

We want to make Prolific better for you, but we can’t do that without knowing how you use our site. To do this we use some technologies or services that need your permission.
These services enable us to improve functionality and performance by tracking usage so we can optimise the way our site works.
For the services where we need your consent, you can always change your mind and withdraw your consent later.
Learn more by reading our cookie policy

Let me choose
I decline
That's ok