Proof | Identity-centric security platform New Introducing Visa + Proof — a new era of verified, trusted payments. “The Trust Ledger”, for restoring trust in a digital world. Learn More Notarize now Log in Why Proof Platform Products Notarize Sign Identify Verify Certify Close Defend Command Center View All Capabilities Identity Verification OmniTrust Proof Engine® EasyLinks Solutions Industry Real Estate Financial Services Auto Credit Unions Solar and Energy Insurance Use cases Account recovery Candidate fraud protection Equipment financing Power of attorney Pricing Resources Explore Webinars Case Studies Blog Events Get Help Developer Docs Support Trust Center Talk to sales Log In Talk to sales Get Proof The only thing that can’t be generated by AI is trust Was this really you? That’s the question. It’s becoming impossible to know what’s real and what’s fake. Secure any customer authorization with records that cannot be faked by AI. Get Proof Talk to sales Seeing is no longer believing. AI is making it impossible to spot fraud with the human eye. Artificial Intelligence AI could create $40B in fraud losses in the US by 2027 4 min read Deloitte Fraud $81B in fraud is caused by forged documents and identity theft 17 min read FINCEN SEcurity 86% of CIOs report that they want higher security in their digital agreements 8 min read Liminal Everything we used to trust, is now being faked Fraudsters are impersonating your clients with AI, while legitimate customers are denying their own actions. Is this person even real? It’s now the era where nothing can be trusted unless it’s cryptographically proven. onboard New customer Sign Apply for a line of credit Signed with confidence because it's protected against forgery Notarize Appoint a power of attorney Notarized online, acceptable in 50 states Verify Reset password Secured by deepfake detection and fraud monitoring Notarize Set up a trust Notarized with the Notarize Network, available 24/7 A digital identity accepted everywhere Millions of verified users secure an authorization through our network every year. It’s one of the only digital identities that is trusted by every industry from real estate, financial services, healthcare and public service. Verify your identity once and then be instantly trusted by any business in our network. Cryptographically secure your identity to anything The solution to forgery and impersonation is to cryptographically sign all documents and data with your legal digital identity. It’s the same technological leap that eliminated counterfeit credit cards in the payment industry, but can now secure everything you sign, authorize, create or agree to. Every authorization is now verifiable Every transaction produces a record, whether it’s a document, content, data or media. This is evidence should there be a dispute. With verifiable records, organizations can immediately trust the authenticity of any evidence they receive, without requiring users to present their identification every time. Introducing the Identity Authorization Network Proof brings network-based verification and live experts together to power millions of identity-assured interactions annually. It’s the industry’s most robust identity network. $200B+ in transactions secured each year A fraud model that detects forgery with 100+ network signals 1,800+ live identity agents A single platform to secure any authorization The Proof℠ platform provides multiple solutions to secure every interaction across the customer lifecycle. Solutions for every transaction Notarize Sign Identify Verify Certify Close Cross-platform fraud Detection Defend Company-wide Enterprise tooling Command Center AICPA SOC 2 IAL2 Certified by Kantara Initiative MISMO Certified WCAG Level AA Compliant WebTrust Audited Defend Securing every authorization on our network Whenever your sign with your identity, our platform is monitoring every authorization. Defend automatically analyzes transactions for suspicious behavior. It’s our anti-fraud platform with deepfake detection and signals from the rest of our network. Start with Defend Industries we’re digitizing Real estate Proof is helping Texas National Title catch bad actors with enterprise-grade security and identity verification Learn more Credit Unions Baxter Credit Union is leading the charge in working with DMVs across the country to accept electronically notarized documents Learn more Financial Services Proof is partnering with HelloPrenup to digitize the final piece of creating a prenuptial agreement: the notarization Learn more Legal Services Hargrove Firm powered by NetLaw is streamlining estate plan document execution with Proof Learn more Real Estate First American Title has completed over 50,000 remote online notarization signings with Proof Learn more Protect your business with Proof Verify your customer’s identity and start building a trusted relationship in minutes. Get Proof Talk to sales Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Thank you! Your submission has been received! Please enter a valid email address We are not lawyers, and don’t give legal advice, so always check with your own attorneys, advisors, or document recipients if you have unanswered questions about identity verification or online notarization. Products Notarize Sign Identify Verify Certify Close Defend Command Center View All Platform Proof Engine® OmniTrust Identity Verification EasyLinks Pricing Business Pricing Title Pricing Lender Pricing Industries Real Estate Financial Services Auto Credit Unions Solar and Energy Insurance About Why Proof Press Legislation Company Careers Resources Blog Webinars Events Developer Docs Support Trust Center Process Serving Notarize General Terms Privacy Policy Accessibility By clicking "Accept", you consent to our use of cookies to improve site functionality and performance, analyze site usage, and for cross-contextual advertising. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy . Deny Accept Your Privacy Choices © ---- . Notarize, Inc. dba Proof.com.  All rights reserved. We are not lawyers, and don’t give legal advice, so always check with your own attorneys, advisors, or document recipients if you have unanswered questions about identity verification or online notarization. © ---- . Notarize, Inc. dba Proof.com.  All rights reserved. New Introducing Visa + Proof — a new era of verified, trusted payments. “The Trust Ledger”, for restoring trust in a digital world. Learn More Notarize now Log in Why Proof Platform Products Notarize Sign Identify Verify Certify Close Defend Command Center View All Capabilities Identity Verification OmniTrust Proof Engine® EasyLinks Solutions Industry Real Estate Financial Services Auto Credit Unions Solar and Energy Insurance Use cases Account recovery Candidate fraud protection Equipment financing Power of attorney Pricing Resources Explore Webinars Case Studies Blog Events Get Help Developer Docs Support Trust Center Talk to sales Log In Talk to sales Get Proof Trust what’s real and detect what’s fake It’s no longer business in person. In today’s world, everything needs to be secured with identity. Now trust customers without meeting in real life. Get Proof Talk to sales It’s becoming harder to trust people online and the records your business relies on Artificial Intelligence AI could create $40B in fraud losses in the US by 2027 4 min read Deloitte Fraud $81B in fraud is caused by forged documents and identity theft 17 min read FINCEN SEcurity 86% of CIOs report that they want higher security in their digital agreements 8 min read Liminal Proof protects against fraud and forgery across the entire customer lifecycle Detect fraud, no matter the interaction. There are risks every time a customer approves, signs, withdraws or makes critical account changes. Secure every customer interaction with Proof. onboard New customer Sign Apply for a line of credit Signed with confidence because it's protected against forgery Notarize Appoint a power of attorney Notarized online, acceptable in 50 states Verify Reset password Secured by deepfake detection and fraud monitoring Notarize Set up a trust Notarized with the Notarize Network, available 24/7 See our products Notarize® Enable customers to notarize from anywhere, anytime Important forms require a notarization or a witness, and now they can be completed without asking your customer to find a notary. The Notarize Network has completed millions of online notarizations. Notaries are available 24/7 and documents are acceptable in all 50 states. Start with Notarize Sign Collect signatures you can trust Proof is the only signature platform that detects forgery. Every time your customer or employee signs on the dotted line, real-time fraud monitoring kicks in. With every signature, you have proof that it’s your customer. Start with Sign Identify Confirm customer identity without the friction Have customers provide proof of identity, not just at onboarding, but for critical moments like account recovery, wire authorizations, and approvals. Once identified within our network, achieve the same security, with less friction and without scanning an ID every time. Start with Identify Verify Verify a customer over secure video The highest form of assurance is achieved when identity verification can be supervised in front of a live agent. Verify makes it possible to confirm someone’s identity, without having them come into an office. Start with Verify Close Accelerate real estate closings Give your borrowers, buyers, and sellers the convenience of a digital closing from the comfort of their own home. Proof has secured over $374B worth of real estate transactions and with major title companies and lenders. Start with Close A smart transaction management platform for everything Defend Detect fraud, no matter the interaction Defend is the most sophisticated fraud detection and prevention platform with deepfake intelligence and hundreds of other risk signals. By digitizing every customer interaction, your business can be protected against fraud and forgery, at scale, across every department. Start with Defend Command Center Deploy Proof across your organization Enable your Center of Excellence and IT to manage a platform across multiple lines of business and departments. Maintain governance over all aspects of the platform including access control, data retention, security settings and compliance policies. Start with Command Center The Notarize Network never sleeps The largest network of online notaries performing notarizations and checking IDs. It’s the internet’s trust agent. 99.99% uptime < 1s wait time 50 accepted in all 50 states 24/7 on-demand 365 days a year Even if you use your own in-house notaries, the Notarize Network is available to help your team during periods of high volume or outside of business hours. Industries we’re digitizing Real estate Proof is helping Texas National Title catch bad actors with enterprise-grade security and identity verification Learn more Credit Unions Baxter Credit Union is leading the charge in working with DMVs across the country to accept electronically notarized documents Learn more Financial Services Proof is partnering with HelloPrenup to digitize the final piece of creating a prenuptial agreement: the notarization Learn more Legal Services Hargrove Firm powered by NetLaw is streamlining estate plan document execution with Proof Learn more Real Estate First American Title has completed over 50,000 remote online notarization signings with Proof Learn more Protect your business with Proof Verify your customer’s identity and start building a trusted relationship in minutes. Get Proof Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Thank you! Your submission has been received! Please enter a valid email address We are not lawyers, and don’t give legal advice, so always check with your own attorneys, advisors, or document recipients if you have unanswered questions about identity verification or online notarization. Products Notarize Sign Identify Verify Certify Close Defend Command Center View All Platform Proof Engine® OmniTrust Identity Verification EasyLinks Pricing Business Pricing Title Pricing Lender Pricing Industries Real Estate Financial Services Auto Credit Unions Solar and Energy Insurance About Why Proof Press Legislation Company Careers Resources Blog Webinars Events Developer Docs Support Trust Center Process Serving Notarize General Terms Privacy Policy Accessibility By clicking "Accept", you consent to our use of cookies to improve site functionality and performance, analyze site usage, and for cross-contextual advertising. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy . Deny Accept Your Privacy Choices © ---- . Notarize, Inc. dba Proof.com.  All rights reserved. We are not lawyers, and don’t give legal advice, so always check with your own attorneys, advisors, or document recipients if you have unanswered questions about identity verification or online notarization. © ---- . Notarize, Inc. dba Proof.com.  All rights reserved.