Rental Property Management Software | Propertyware Share Login 1-855-976-9502 Support Free Demo Benefits Features Online Leasing Websites Lead Tracking Listing & Syndication Application Portal Tenant Screening Electronic Signature Leasing Contact Center Property Management Payments Tenant & Owner Portals Text Messaging Contact Center Maintenance Inspections Work Orders Maintenance Contact Center Accounting Receivables/Payables Bank Reconciliation Fee Management Operations & Risk Management Reporting Open API Multi-Location Management Owner and Tenant Insurance Utility Management & Billing Growth for Property Managers Pricing Resources Videos Events Case Studies eBooks Webcasts COVID-19 Resource Center Blog Login Free Demo Events Property Management Software With Propertyware, it’s not what you can’t do, it’s what you can. Run your business your way with the most powerful, customizable and open platform designed for performance-minded Single Family property management companies. Free Demo Free Trial ONDEMAND WEBCAST Discover AssetProtect: A Master Insurance Solution for Reducing Risk & Driving New Revenue How can owners/managers protect their properties, limit insurance costs, protect tenants AND drive ancillary revenue—all at once? By choosing a master insurance solution like AssetProtect, which provides comprehensive coverage and maximum protection for owners. Watch Now NEW EBOOK Your Business. Your Rules. The Power of a Customizable and Open Property Management System. Don’t let your current property management system hold you back. See how Propertyware’s unique customization, open API/two-way data exchange, multi-location management capabilities and portfolio-level accounting and reporting can be the night-and-day difference for your team. Download Now ONDEMAND WEBCAST Data-Driven Performance: 60 Minutes to a Better Bottom Line Making the most of your data—day in and day out—absolutely changes your business. See how Specialized Property Management is fully utilizing Propertyware’s reporting and open API to digest data and better inform decision making for their property management business. Watch Now The Benefits of Propertyware Propertyware ® puts key capabilities at your fingertips, all from one platform with game-changing differentiators that other Single Family rental property management software simply cannot match. Powerful Our custom dashboards, unlimited custom reports, and self-service owner portal provide the insights and visibility that are critical to monitor your business and impress owners and investors. View More Benefits › Customizable Our customization features are unmatched in the industry — allowing you to develop the unique workflows and automatic processes and enable superior service to property owners and tenants. View More Benefits › Open Propertyware simplifies the management process with our open data access and two-way data exchange (Open API). Connect with software systems you choose so you can reduce duplication, minimize manual data entry risk and increase efficiency. View More Benefits › Increase Efficiency with Propertyware See what an all-in-one, open-platform property management solution can do for your business. Create custom fields, dashboards and reports. Effectively manage multiple locations both holistically and regionally. Tools to Drive Efficiency “Propertyware’s dashboards, reporting, and open API allow you to analyze every single step of your process to see where the breaks are in the chain…You’re going to be able to streamline your business and get to your goal with much more efficiency.” Mousa Ahmad, Investor Relations Expert Mutual Property Management Play Testimonial Run Your Business Your Way “Propertyware has a lot more customization than I’ve seen in any other system. That’s a really big thing so you can run your business the way you want to.” Zee Bhimji, President Real Property Management Chicago Group Play Testimonial Best-in-Class Platform “Propertyware is highly customizable, even having an open API available. This makes the software flexible based upon your individual processes rather than having to tailor your processes to work within the software, as is the case with Propertyware’s competitors.” Todd Ortscheid, CEO Central Georgia Realty, LLC Learn More How Much More Can You Do With Propertyware? See what other users have to say about the benefits of Propertyware. Hear From Our Clients Clear pricing. No hidden fees. Managing rental properties is anything but simple, but at least property management software pricing is. Basic $ 1 00 PER UNIT, PER MONTH $250 monthly minimum plus Implementation Fee of 2X the monthly subscription price. Learn More Plus Most Popular $ 1 50 PER UNIT, PER MONTH $350 monthly minimum plus Implementation Fee of 2X the monthly subscription price. Learn More Premium $ 2 00 PER UNIT, PER MONTH $450 monthly minimum plus Implementation Fee of 2X the monthly subscription price. Learn More Contact Us Fill out the form below to get in contact with our sales team to learn about Propertyware Thank You Someone will be in contact with you soon! PM Nation Conference Training PM Nation Conference Training Company About Us Careers RealPage PRODUCTS Features Pricing Resources Support Contact Call Support: 1.800.704.0154 (say ‘Propertyware’ when directed) Call Sales: 1.855.976.9502 Email Sales © 2026 Propertyware, A RealPage Company®. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy • Privacy Shield • DMCA Notice