ProPublica — Investigative Journalism and News in the Public Interest Arrow Right Caret Close Make your year-end donation to ProPublica by midnight Nonprofit, independent journalism powered by the people DONATE Skip to content Menu Menu ProPublica Donate ProPublica Investigative Journalism in the Public Interest Menu Menu Search Search Donate Nonprofit Explorer Local Initiatives Newsletters About Us Mail Email Address: Arrow Right Sign Up Menu Menu ProPublica Donate Close Close ProPublica Donate Search ProPublica: Search Search Topics Racial Justice Racial Justice Healthcare Health Care Politics Politics Criminal Justice Criminal Justice more… Browse by Place Midwest Northwest South Southwest Texas Type Graphics & Data Newsletters Series Videos Local Reporting Network Electionland Info About Us Impact Jobs & Fellowships Contact Us Follow ProPublica Bluesky Bluesky Instagram Instagram Facebook Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube YouTube Threads Threads LinkedIn LinkedIn RSS RSS ProPublica — Investigative Journalism and News in the Public Interest Featured Stories Trump Signs Defense Bill Prohibiting China-Based Engineers in Pentagon IT Work The measure, which emerged in response to a ProPublica investigation, bars Microsoft engineers in China and other adversarial countries from servicing sensitive Pentagon cloud computing systems. by Renee Dudley , with research by Doris Burke December 31, 2025, 5:00 am EST 25 Investigations You May Have Missed This Year We published hundreds of long-reads this year. Here’s a reading list of some to revisit. by ProPublica December 30, 2025, 5:30 am EST Sick in a Hospital Town The story of Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital — the dominant political and economic institution of Albany, Georgia — is the story of American health care. Part 1: The Business of Care Part 2: The Making of a Monopoly Part 3: Poor Grades, Poor Outcomes Part 4: The Last Safety Net Part 5: Too Big to Fight by Ginger Thompson , with research by Doris Burke December 7, 2025, 5:00 am EST Oregon Faced a Huge Obstacle in Adding Green Energy. Here’s What Changed This Year. Gov. Tina Kotek has been pushing to make progress on the state's renewable energy projects since ProPublica and Oregon Public Broadcasting highlighted obstacles. by Tony Schick , Oregon Public Broadcasting December 30, 2025, 6:00 am EST The Most-Read ProPublica Stories of 2025 Our reporters published investigations this year on the Trump administration, health care, education and more. These are the stories readers spent the most time with in 2025. by ProPublica December 30, 2025, 5:00 am EST Medical Examiners Warn That Controversial Lung Float Test Could Be Dangerous An exam meant to determine whether a baby was born dead or alive is of “questionable value,” the National Association of Medical Examiners cautions. The paper follows a ProPublica report on how the test had been used against women accused of murder. by Duaa Eldeib December 29, 2025, 6:00 am EST What We’re Watching During Donald Trump’s second presidency, ProPublica will focus on the areas most in need of scrutiny. Here are some of the issues our reporters will be watching — and how to get in touch with them securely. Learn more about our reporting team. We will continue to share our areas of interest as the news develops. Sharon Lerner I cover health and the environment and the agencies that govern them, including the Environmental Protection Agency. Contact me Andy Kroll I cover justice and the rule of law, including the Justice Department, U.S. attorneys and the courts. Contact me Melissa Sanchez I report on immigration and labor, and I am based in Chicago. Contact me Jesse Coburn I cover housing and transportation, including the companies working in those fields and the regulators overseeing them. Contact me If you don’t have a specific tip or story in mind, we could still use your help. Sign up to be a member of our federal worker source network to stay in touch. Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Slide 5 Slide 6 More Stories How GOP Lawmakers’ Power Transfers Are Reshaping Everything From Utilities to Environmental Regulation in North Carolina The GOP-led North Carolina legislature spent nearly 10 years trying to control the elections board. But it’s also taken aim at other commissions in the state by shifting who has power to appoint members that historically belonged to the governor. by Doug Bock Clark December 29, 2025, 5:30 am EST Our Reporters Reached Out for Comment. They Were Accused of Stalking and Intimidation. Our journalists reach out to people they’re writing about to ensure fairness. But in this environment, they’ve found their efforts to do so are more likely to be vilified than appreciated. by Charles Ornstein December 29, 2025, 5:00 am EST Someone Is Getting Away With Eunice Whitman’s Killing. Alaska’s Slow Justice System Let It Happen. Justine Paul was indicted on flawed evidence. A defense witness wrote that police should have treated no fewer than 12 people as suspects of “higher interest.” A decade after the killing, no one has been convicted in Whitman’s death. by Kyle Hopkins , Anchorage Daily News December 24, 2025, 5:00 am EST Medical License Revoked for Montana Doctor Linked to Suspicious Deaths Oncologist Thomas C. Weiner will never practice medicine in Montana again after a decision by the state medical board. A 2024 ProPublica investigation detailed how Weiner had long been suspected of hurting patients. by J. David McSwane December 23, 2025, 3:45 pm EST What I Saw at a Maternity Ward in Kenya After the U.S. Cut Off Food and Foreign Aid Photographs tell a story of two mothers determined to help their babies gain enough weight to leave the hospital — only to face little to no food again. by Anna Maria Barry-Jester , photography by Brian Otieno , illustrations by Phoebe Ouma December 23, 2025, 6:00 am EST Lawmaker Calls for Stronger Mandatory Reporting Rules Following Our Investigation Into Church Abuse Case Mandatory reporters in Minnesota can be charged with a misdemeanor if they do not report child abuse to authorities. But violators of the statute are rarely convicted, and fines are often similar to traffic tickets. by Andy Mannix , Minnesota Star Tribune , and Jeremy Kohler , ProPublica , photography by Leila Navidi , Minnesota Star Tribune December 23, 2025, 5:30 am EST A Connecticut DMV Task Force Was Asked to Develop Towing Reforms. As Deadline Looms, Members Struggle to Agree. The group was formed in a legislative overhaul prompted by a Connecticut Mirror and ProPublica investigation that found the state’s laws favored towing companies over vehicle owners. by Ginny Monk and Dave Altimari , The Connecticut Mirror December 23, 2025, 5:00 am EST The FDA Often Doesn’t Test Generic Drugs for Quality Concerns, So ProPublica Did Billions of prescriptions for generic drugs are filled in the U.S. annually. The FDA tests only a few dozen of them every year, its own records show, and it has largely dismissed warnings about contaminants, irregularities and other issues. by Debbie Cenziper and Megan Rose December 22, 2025, 10:00 am EST Inside the North Carolina GOP’s Decade-Long Push to Seize Power From the State’s Democratic Governors For almost a decade, North Carolina’s majority-Republican legislature tried six times to strip Democratic governors of control over the board overseeing the swing state’s elections. This year, it finally succeeded. by Doug Bock Clark December 22, 2025, 5:30 am EST Top DOJ Official Shut Down Enforcement Against Crypto Companies While Holding More Than $150,000 in Crypto Investments The second-highest official at the DOJ, Todd Blanche rose to prominence as Trump’s personal defense attorney. His actions violated the federal conflicts of interest law and his ethics agreement, experts told ProPublica. by Corey G. Johnson and Al Shaw December 22, 2025, 5:00 am EST Bad Evidence Got Him Indicted for Murder. He Waited 7 Years to Walk Free. Justine Paul was accused of killing his girlfriend, Eunice Whitman. In Alaska’s slow-motion criminal justice system, he was kept behind bars even as the evidence against him fell apart. by Kyle Hopkins , Anchorage Daily News December 21, 2025, 5:00 am EST A County’s Move to Protect Domestic Violence Victims Is Spreading Across Tennessee After Legislative Delay Judges across the state are demanding more accountability from abusers who have been ordered to give up their guns in an effort to strengthen protections for domestic violence victims. by Paige Pfleger , WPLN December 20, 2025, 5:30 am EST I Started Covering the COVID-19 Crisis in Albany, Georgia. This Moment Made Me Realize There Was a Bigger Story to Tell. The virus had killed about 38 people, most of them Black, by April 2020. But when a white judge died, local officials made sure to announce her name. by Ginger Thompson December 20, 2025, 5:00 am EST How the FDA’s Lax Generic Drug Rules Put Her Life at Risk Lung transplant patient Hannah Goetz’s life depended on the generic version of a critical drug. It was supposed to be equivalent to the brand-name medication — but the FDA doesn’t always ensure that’s the case. by Megan Rose and Debbie Cenziper , photography by Hannah Yoon for ProPublica December 19, 2025, 6:30 am EST Inside the Free Clinic Caring for Those Who Can’t Afford the Only Hospital in Town Albany, Georgia’s lone hospital — the region’s largest health care provider — is supposed to treat patients regardless of their ability to pay, but many residents have instead turned to the small, free Samaritan Clinic. by Katie Campbell , Almudena Toral and Mauricio Rodríguez Pons December 19, 2025, 6:00 am EST See More Stories Follow ProPublica Bluesky Instagram Facebook X YouTube Threads LinkedIn RSS Keep Them Honest Support journalism that speaks truth to power. Donate Now Awards ProPublica has been a recipient of the Pulitzer Prizes for public service, explanatory reporting, national reporting, investigative reporting and feature writing. See the full list of our awards . Complaints & Corrections To contact us with concerns and corrections, email us . All emails may be published unless you tell us otherwise. Read our corrections . Gift Acceptance Practices We seek to make giving accessible and transparent while ensuring that all support aligns with our editorial independence. ProPublica Events We bring our journalism to life through events that inform, inspire and spark ideas for change ProPublica Data Store Download or purchase the data behind our journalism Get Involved ¿Vive en el área de Omaha? Regístrese para una prueba gratuita de plomo en su tierra. Do You Live in the Omaha Area? Sign Up for Free Lead Testing of Your Soil. Do You Work at a Federal Prison? Help ProPublica Investigate the Federal Prison System Most Read Monkey Sounds, “White Power” and the N-Word: Racial Harassment Against Black Students Ignored Under Trump Look Up Where Your Generic Prescription Drugs Were Made How We Created a Tool That Tells You Where Your Generic Drugs Were Made Rx Inspector: ProPublica’s New Tool Provides Drug Info the FDA Won’t Pam Bondi Dismissed Charges Against a Surgeon Who Falsified Vaccine Cards. It Emboldened Others With Similar Cases. Stay informed with the Daily Digest. Mail Email Address: Arrow Right Sign Up ProPublica Investigative Journalism in the Public Interest © Copyright 2025 Pro Publica Inc. Sites ProPublica Local Reporting Network Texas Tribune Partnership Electionland Sections Topics Series Videos News Apps Get Involved The Nerd Blog @ProPublica Events Info About Board and Advisors Officers and Staff Diversity Jobs and Fellowships Media Center Reports Impact Awards Corrections Policies Code of Ethics Advertising Policy Gift Acceptance Privacy Policy Follow Newsletters iOS and Android RSS Feed More Send Us Tips Steal Our Stories Browse via Tor Contact Us Donate More Ways to Give Journalism That Holds Power to Account Sign up for ProPublica’s Big Story newsletter and get our latest stories delivered straight to your inbox. Please enter your email address: Get the Newsletter Subscribe