Property for Sale: Houses for sale: Property24 Please note that you are using an outdated browser which is not compatible with some elements of the site.
                            We strongly urge you to update to Edge for an optimal browsing experience. Buy Looking to Buy? Property for Sale Commercial Property for Sale Repossessions Auctions On Show Retirement Property for Sale Developments for Sale Retirement Developments for Sale Helpful Links Buyers Guide Sold House Prices Buy Property Reports Property Advice for Buyers Rent Looking to Rent? House to Rent Apartment / Flat to Rent Commercial Property to Rent Retirement Property to Rent Developments to Rent Retirement Developments to Rent Find Letting Agents List Privately Rent Your Property Tenant Screenings Sell Looking to Sell? Find Estate Agents Agency Products List Privately Sell Your Property Helpful Links Get a Free Property Valuation Sold House Prices Seller Guide Commercial Find Commercial Property Commercial Property for Sale Commercial Property to Rent Industrial Property for Sale Industrial Property to Rent Helpful Links Commercial Property News Calculators Home Loan Calculators Mortgage Bond Calculator Affordability Calculator Additional Payment Calculator Bond and Transfer Calculator Advice Articles Property News Property Advice Selling Your House Buyers Guide Helpful Links Property Tools & Services Sold House Prices Buy Property Reports Agency Products Trends & Statistics Find Estate Agents Find Attorneys List Privately Sell Your Property Rent Your Property Sign in Find Property for Sale Buy Rent Developments Agents Sold Prices Discover all things property Buying Renting Selling Property Alerts Sign up for an account and receive property alerts when new properties match your search criteria. Sign Up Now Sold Prices Find the value of any property in South Africa. View Sold Prices Looking to buy? Get all the information you need when buying a property with our comprehensive property guides. View Property Guides Find Letting Agents Find trusted letting agents near you. Search Letting Agents Join TenantPlus Verify your identity and get your own screening report for use in multiple rental applications. Learn More Rental Advice Explore our collection of helpful articles and valuable tips to navigate the rental market like a pro. Explore Articles Automated Property Valuations Curious about the value of your property? Get a free automated property valuation today! Get Started Sold Prices Find the value of any property in South Africa. View Sold Prices Looking to sell? Get all the information you need when selling a property with our comprehensive property guides. View Property Guides Property for Sale in Gauteng Pretoria Randburg Mabopane Vanderbijlpark Johannesburg Soweto Boksburg Benoni Midrand Sandton Kempton Park Roodepoort Centurion Alberton Fochville Edenvale Western Cape Cape Town Somerset West KwaZulu Natal Durban Pietermaritzburg Free State Bloemfontein Welkom Mpumalanga Nelspruit Witbank Eastern Cape Gqeberha East London North West Rustenburg Potchefstroom Limpopo Polokwane Tzaneen Northern Cape Port Nolloth Kimberley International property for sale Live Trends Gauteng Average Property Price Gauteng Property Trends South Africa Property Trends News Commercial 13 things every new commercial landlord sho... With monthly rentals that can run into millions of rands,... 28 Dec 2025 Market News Escape to the Karoo: Homes priced from under R1m Fancy owning a farm or getaway cottage? Explore the vast... 19 Dec 2025 Market News Garden Route attracts more families, professionals beyond holidays and retirement Families, professionals and investors are flocking to the... 17 Dec 2025 More Property News Advice Home Owners Building insurance: A step-by-step guide to... There is a long list of unfortunate things that can happen... 29 Dec 2025 Finance Stay safe | 8 essential tips to avoid falling victim to property scams Prospective buyers and renters, and home sellers should be... 27 Dec 2025 Renting Renting: Key fees tenants should know about Whilst it is the responsibility of the property... 26 Dec 2025 More Property Advice Property24 on Mobile and Tablet Get all of South Africa's leading Estate Agent properties for sale or to rent on your Android or Apple device. With Property24's intuitive interface, you can find and manage your favourite properties with ease. Download the app to get started. We're SA's number one property website Property24 is South Africa's largest property search portal and is the first place to start your property search! Property24 lists houses, flats, vacant land and farms from all of SA's leading estate agents, so whether you're looking to buy or rent, you'll find your perfect home on Property24. More about Property24 Find a trusted Estate Agent in your area Find your dream home on Property24 by searching through the largest database of private property for sale by estate agents throughout South Africa. To list your property on Property24 contact one of our trusted Estate Agents. Search Estate Agents Property for sale in Gauteng Property for sale in KwaZulu Natal Property for sale in Western Cape Rest of South Africa Alberton Benoni Boksburg Centurion Edenvale Johannesburg Kempton Park Midrand Pretoria Randburg Roodepoort Sandton Soweto Ballito Durban Hillcrest Pietermaritzburg Pinetown Umhlanga Bellville Cape Town Durbanville Hermanus Paarl Somerset West Stellenbosch Bloemfontein East London Gqeberha Nelspruit Polokwane Rustenburg Witbank About Us Contact Us Feedback Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy PAIA Manual Join Our Team Agent Zone Agency Products Copyright © 2025 Property24 Download the App Cookie Notice We use cookies that are essential for this website to function and to improve your user experience. Please refer to our cookie policy . Close set at runtime - Property24 set at runtime set at runtime Close