Personal Loans & Other Online Financial Solutions | Prosper Skip to content Loans Loans Take control of your finances with a low-interest fixed-rate personal loan. Get your rate Explore Explore Personal Loans Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Medical Loans Dental Loans Vehicle Loans Special Occasion Loans Business Loans Student Loans Calculators Debt Consolidation Savings Calculator Loan Estimate Calculator Articles The Pros and Cons of a Joint Personal Loan How Do Loan Origination Fees Work? What Higher Interest Rates Mean for You Prosper® Card The Prosper® Card Built to help you take control of your credit Apply now Explore Explore The Prosper® Card Articles What to Do if You Can't Pay Your Credit Card Freezing Your Credit: How It Works Investing Investing Diversify your portfolio—invest in personal loans. Get started Explore Explore Investing with Prosper Performance Updates More Explore Prosper Learn about products and services promoted or offered by our partners, more helpful resources, and all about Prosper. Resources Hub Blog Insurance Home insurance Car insurance Life insurance Tools & Resources Debt Consolidation Savings Calculator Personal Loan Estimate Calculator Debt Consolidation Guide Money Management Guide Blog Company About us Media room Careers Support center X Log in Log out Home Profile & Settings Messages Documents & History Get started Personal Loans The Prosper® Card Investing & IRAs I have an offer code For the latest information about the September 17, 2025, cybersecurity incident, click here . Questions? See FAQs or call 833-918-9464. The line is open Monday through Friday, 8AM–5PM CT, excluding major US holidays. Helping people thrive since 2005. The Prosper legacy Money when you need it. Fast, easy, secure. Ranked Best in Personal Loans 4.7/5 rating Bankrate Score Personal loan Prosper ® Card Investing $ Amount Amount must be between $2K-50K See my offer Rate in 1 minute No impact to your credit Instant credit access Apply now Up to $3K credit limit No security deposit Diversify your portfolio Get started Unique investments 5.3% avg. hist. return 4 I have an offer code Ranked Best in Personal Loans 2024 Named Top Alt. Finance Companies Ranked Best in Personal Loans 2024 Named Top Alt. Finance Companies Personal loans up to $50K 1 & low rates Next-day funding 2 No prepay penalties Get started Explore personal loans The Prosper® Card to build your future Up to $3,000 cr. limit No deposit required Apply in minutes Explore the Prosper® Card Investing & IRAs to diversify your portfolio Unique investments 5.3% avg. hist. return 4 Get started Explore investing Here to help you thrive 100% online applications Ease & transparency Human customer service 20 years of experience How can we help today? Fast access to cash Stress-free debt consolidation A card for accessing credit Investment diversification What’s your credit score range? 300-499 range 500-600 range 601-660 range 661-780 range 781-850 range Supportive resources Check out these informational resources to support your financial well-being Prosper Blog Here’s an option for you Explore a personal loan Borrow from $2K to $50K 1 Get funds as soon as 1 business day 2 Check your rate Here’s an option for you Explore the Prosper® Card Credit limit of $3,000+ No security deposit required Apply in minutes Here’s an option for you Explore investing & IRAs Unique alternative investment opportunity 5.3% average historical return 4 Get started 1/3: How we can help Free credit tracking & insights Do it all in the Prosper app Sign up for the latest offers & updates Email Postal Code Sign me up We won't spam you Unsubscribe any time Financial resources Debt Consolidation Guide Money Management Guide Prosper Blog Calculators Debt consolidation loan savings Personal loan calculator 20 years of advancing financial well-being The entire process was very easy, the required documents and income verification were quick, and the rates are fantastic. — Steven · Trustpilot (2/25) Everything was handled expeditiously. I am a happy customer as usual. — Dianne · Trustpilot (2/25) The easiest process to get a loan. Excellent experience working with Prosper. I highly recommend doing business with them. — Paul · Trustpilot (10/24) I love Prosper. This will be my second time around with them. Fast and easy. Great payment plan. — Latonya · Trustpilot (2/25) I have been treated well. I have applied and received personal loans from Prosper a few times over the past four/five years. Overall, positive experience. — Robert · Trustpilot (12/24) Great service! Love how easy it is to apply for a loan. — Ana · Trustpilot (2/25) Super fast and efficient. Been with [Prosper] for several years. — Dan · Trustpilot (2/25) The entire process was very easy, the required documents and income verification were quick, and the rates are fantastic. — Steven · Trustpilot (2/25) Everything was handled expeditiously. I am a happy customer as usual. — Dianne · Trustpilot (2/25) The easiest process to get a loan. Excellent experience working with Prosper. I highly recommend doing business with them. — Paul · Trustpilot (10/24) Testimonials are from actual Prosper customers. IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT. To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents. 1 Eligibility for personal loans up to $50,000 depends on a number of factors, including (but not limited to) your financial history, credit score, monthly income, and monthly expenses. Eligibility for personal loans is not guaranteed, and requires sufficient investor commitments to fund. All personal loans made by WebBank. 2 You may receive your funds one business day following your acceptance of the loan offer, completion of all necessary verification steps and final approval. One business day funding is also dependent on your bank’s ability to quickly process the transaction. 3 Eligibility for a home equity loan or HELOC up to the maximum amount shown depends on the information provided in the home equity application. Depending on the lender, loans above $250,000 may require an in-home appraisal and title insurance. Depending on the lender, variable-rate HELOC borrowers must take an initial draw of the greater of $50,000 or 50% of the total line amount at closing, except in Texas, where the minimum initial draw at closing is $60,000; fixed-rate HELOC borrowers must take an initial draw of the greater of $25,000 or 75% of the total line amount at closing, except in Texas, where the minimum initial draw at closing is $60,000; subsequent HELOC draws are prohibited during the first 90 days following closing; after the first 90 days following closing, subsequent HELOC draws must be $1,000 or more, except in Texas, where the minimum subsequent draw amount is $4,000. 4 Weighted average historical return for loans originated through Prosper as of March 31 2025 . To be included in the historical return (“Historical Return”) calculation, the loan must have originated (a) on or after July 1, 2009, and (b) at least 12 months prior to the calculation date. Historical Returns are based on actual payments (other than principal) received by the investor net of fees and losses (including from charged-off loans). We calculate the Historical Return for loans originated through Prosper as follows. First, loans are separated into distinct “Groups” based on the specific month and year in which they were originated and their Prosper Rating at origination. For each Group, we calculate: (a) the sum of the interest paid, plus late fees, minus servicing fees, minus collection fees, in each case on active loans, plus net recoveries on charged-off or defaulted loans, plus net debt sale proceeds on sold loans, minus gross principal losses; divided by (b) the sum of the principal balances outstanding on active loans at the end of each day since origination. We then annualize the result to get the “Historical Return” for the Group. Once this calculation is performed for every Group, we compute the cumulative outstanding principal dollar weighted average of their Historical Returns. This gives us the “weighted average Historical Return” for loans originated through Prosper. For purposes of this calculation, “active” means loans that are either (i) current in payments or (ii) delinquent, provided that delinquent loans that have charged-off or are in default are not considered active. Loans that have paid off are also not considered active. The Historical Return calculation (a) is updated quarterly; and (b) excludes the impact of servicing related corrective non-cash adjustments that may modify the outstanding balance or status of a borrower loan. The actual return on any Note depends on the prepayment and delinquency pattern of the loan underlying each Note, which is highly uncertain. Individual results may vary. Historical performance is no guarantee of future results and the information presented is not intended to be investment advice or a guarantee about the performance of any Note. The Prosper Credit Card is an unsecured credit card issued by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to license by Mastercard® International. All personal loans made by WebBank. Prosper and its lending partners take your privacy seriously. Please see Prosper’s Privacy Policy, WebBank’s Privacy Policy , Coastal Community Bank’s Privacy Policy , and Spring EQ’s Privacy Policy for more details. Prosper Marketplace, Inc. NMLS#111473 (https://www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) Licensing & Disclosures | NMLS consumer access 5.3 Welcome Would you like to continue to your Personal Loan application? Continue Prosper Helping people thrive © 2005- 2025 Prosper Funding LLC. All rights reserved. 221 Main Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 Prosper’s Privacy Policy | Spring EQ’s Privacy Policy | Licensing & Disclosures | NMLS Consumer Access Prosper On Facebook Prosper On X Prosper On LinkedIn Prosper On Instagram Scan to apply on your mobile device Products Personal Loans The Prosper® Card Investing Business Loans Student Loans Tools Resources Hub Prosper Blog Debt Consolidation Guide Credit Management Guide Debt Consolidation Savings Calculator Personal Loan Estimate Calculator Company About Us Media Room Careers Legal Agreements/Notices Prospectus Developers Support Help Center Contact Us Do Not Sell My Personal Information Cookie Settings