About
Solutions & Services
Case Studies & Projects
Careers
Community
Venture Studio
Blog
Book a call
Developer DAO
10+ market-validated solutions to grow TVL and MAU for L1/L2 chains and DeFi Protocols
Result-oriented engagements and guaranteed outcomes
In-house and 3rd party components to accelerate delivery and drive down the costs
Ideation, implementation, and support

Leverage our experience:

L1/L2 Network
Protocol (Defi, RWA, NFT)
Onboarding into Web3/Blockchain
201+
Projects completed
600K+
Unique wallets using our smart contracts
35M+
Total transactions count
Our Clients and Partners

Trusted by 60+ Networks and 95+ Protocols

What Protofire Offers?

Discover tailored solutions designed to drive growth in TVL and usage for your web3 projects.

At Protofire, our developer DAO ensures aligned incentives, providing an array of services that can be easily filtered to match your specific needs. Whether you’re part of a leading L1/L2 network, managing a DeFi, RWA, or NFT protocol, or a company onboarding into the blockchain space, we ideate, implement, and support long-term growth through strategic, compatibility, and marketing solutions.

I am: (Choose one option)

L1/L2 NetworkProtocol (Defi, RWA, NFT)Onboarding into Web3/Blockchain

My ultimate business outcome:

Attract Developers and/or ProtocolsGrow TVLGrow Monthly Active Users & Transactions
Solutions to match you and your goals:

Feel free either to explore them through “Learn more” links or select and book a free consultation call.

Safe Deployment

Fast, secure Safe Wallet launches across EVM networks

Learn more
Oracle Integration

Deploy oracles for networks without changing smart contracts

Learn more
Staking Modules

Advanced veModel staking to boost retention and liquidity

Learn more
Native Stablecoin

Launch crypto-backed native stablecoins on your network

Learn more
Safety Modules

DeFi insurance modules to protect users and attract capital

Learn more
Blockscout Development

Custom Blockscout explorers with advanced network support

Learn more
Point Incentive System

Point-based systems driving liquidity and user acquisition

Learn more
Book a call

Web3 is growing fast, book a free consultation call right away!

Haven’t found what you need? That’s not all we offer!

Let's talk on any custom development or solution design.

Book a call
Explore All Services
Case Studies & Projects

Trusted by 60+ Networks and 95+ Protocols

Staking
Module
Staking Module for Aethir

The explosive growth of AI, gaming, and cloud computing has exposed the limitations of centralized infrastructure, driving demand for scalable, efficient, and decentralized alternatives. Aethir, a leader in Decentralized Physical Infrastructure Networks (DePIN), is meeting this need by connecting underutilized enterprise-grade GPUs with global users through a blockchain-powered marketplace.

Launchpad
Platform
Solution
Ve8020 Launchpad for Balancer

The ve8020 Launchpad represents a significant milestone for Balancer, developed by Protofire through a community grant. This innovative platform provides a streamlined solution for projects to launch veTokens using 80/20 Balancer pools, promoting efficient tokenomics and fostering ecosystem growth.

dApp
DeFi
DEX
CowSwap DEX

Protofire has been working in sync with the CoW Protocol team in the rebranding, development, and testing of a web trading interface built on top of the protocol, which allows users to buy and sell tokens using gas-less orders, as well as the improvement of an affiliate program to promote the referrals in the community.

Oracle
Smart Contract
DIA Oracles on Kadena

Protofire integrated DIA oracles on Kadena, enabling 14 asset price feeds for blockchain protocols. Learn about our innovative approach to expanding oracle services and enhancing DeFi capabilities on the Kadena network.

dApp
Dashboard
Payments
AragonDAO Payroll dApp

The Aragon application allows users to incorporate new employees (integrated with the identity and finance apps), request and pre-authorize payments in different tokens, as well as view all the payroll information, including historic payments, balance, and statistics.

dApp
Dashboard
DeFi
Swarm Markets DEX

Protofire has received several grants from Protocol Labs and has been working together with the Protocol Labs team (as contributors to Glif tools) since before the launch of the Filecoin Mainnet.

View all
About Protofire

We help the world transition into Web3 by deploying solutions that unlock the organic growth of Web3 projects, DAOs, and protocols.

About Protofire

Brand promise

Our partners will see noticeable growth in value transferred or value staked on their platform

History of Protofire since 2016

Protofire was born in 2016 as a Blockchain Spin-off of Altoros, a new Web3 company of developers focused on helping ETH ecosytem projects with Front and Backend work.

Read full story
Protofire since 2016

Over the years, we have transformed from a small team of enthusiasts working on our own project into a large collective of engineers collaborating with many of the leading players in the DeFi space.

201+

Projects

60+

Networks

85+

Engineers

17+

Countries

4 000+

Github Stars

Maybe we met at:

Eth Denver, ETH CC, ETH Bcn, ETH Global, Consensus, Graph Day, Decoded, SmartCon, AVAX Summit, EthLatam

Meet Our Team

We attract, develop, and retain senior teams dedicated to building lasting relationships and delivering sustained growth for networks, protocols, and DAOs, enabling Web3 ecosystems to expand their TVL organically over the long term.

Become a member

Renat Khasanshyn

Chief Executive Officer

Andrei Yurkevich

Founding Member

Cristian Malfesi

Venture Studio Owner

Alejandro Losa

Offer Owner

Ivan Bandaryk

SubDAO Owner

Arsenii Petrovich

SubDAO Owner

Grow your TVL and user adoption with Protofire
Leverage our experience
Contact Us

We will respond to you with lightning speed

Full Name
Email
Phone number
Telegram ID
How can we help you?

Hi, my name's

Juan Faya

I prefer to be contacted via messengers
I accept the
Privacy Policy
I agree to receive new research papers announcements as well as information about Protofire services and special offers
Send Message
Book a call
About Protofire
Solutions & Services
Case Studies & Projects
Careers
Community
Blog
Brand Kit
Privacy Policy

Protofire 2025. All rights reserved

We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, personalize content and ads, provide social media features, and analyze our traffic. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking Cookie Settings. You consent to our cookies if you continue using this website.
Cookie settingsI accept