Proteus | Buy Motion, Door, Water & Temperature Sensors The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn more . Allow Cookies Allow Selected Only Reject All Necessary Analytics Marketing Preferences Compare Products Proteus Sensor Menu Account Cart Search My Account Sign In Toggle Nav Menu For Home A Sensor for every application Proteus Home series presents smart wifi solutions for your sensing needs. Email/ Text alerts. Audible buzzer. See All Options Water Sensors Connect up to 5 sensors. Extend 25 ft or more.  Pair with a sump pump sensor. View all options Sump Pump Sensors Quick mounting float switch triggers when water rises above set level inside the sump pit. Motion Sensors Configure alerts when motion is detected. Or if no motion is detected for a set time. Select days of week, hours of day, schedules. Temperature/ Humidity Sensors Accurate Temperature/ Humidity sensors to keep track of ambient settings even when you are not home. Door/ Contact Sensors Magnetic switch sensors configurable to 'Normally Closed' or 'Normally Open'. You pick the application. For Industry PRO features with a personal touch Proteus PRO series presents advanced sensing solutions for your industrial monitoring applications. Friendly interface, data APIs, software plugins, cloud push and more. View All Options Server Room Monitoring Temperature, Humidity, Contacts, Line Voltage and more. Works with Nagios and other software. Plugins available. Water/ Chemical Leaks Spot and Rope Style sensors for water, chemical leaks. Add-on sensor options. Get alerts before damage spreads. AC Voltage Monitors Monitor power lines, fluctuations, and ensure power integrity 24x7. Get alerts immediately. Industrial IOT Interfaces Robust interface to add internet connectivity to the most common sensors. Multiple sensor power options. Offset calibration. Remote monitoring and relay contact option. Web GUI Cloud Push SNMP V2C/ V3 POE Display Audible Alerts GSM WiFi Relay Add-ons User Manuals App Sensor Cloud My account Shopping Cart My Cart Search Search Search Smart Sensors with Email/ Text/ Call/ WhatsApp Alerts For Home, Office, Garage, Elderly care And More. Cloud ready. Easy setup Many Sensors, Many Locations, One Dashboard. For wherever you call it Home. Know when your freezer turns OFF. Or when the backup pump turns ON A Must have for Home/ Property Management Monitor 24x7. Alert Maintenance automatically on Water Leaks, Heating and AC, Power, Access. Quick 'n Easy Setup Simple Interface Our Sensors are packed with features yet they are simple and easy to setup. Connect to your home or office network, Enter your email address, Save settings. Email/ Text alerts On to your inbox/ smart phone Email and text alerts let you know when the sensors are triggered. Motion, Door, flood sensors, with loud audible buzzer. Pick yours Today! We Ship Worldwide DHL, Fedex, UPS International customer? No problem. We ship worldwide. Add to cart and see your options. Proteus AQUO. Wifi Water Sensor. Protect your home and office spaces from water leaks and costly damages.  Supports spot and rope style water sensor options. Learn More Proteus AMBIO. Temperature & Humidity Monitor. And CO 2 . Proteus AMBIO makes it easy to monitor temperature, humidity, and Carbon Dioxide. set thresholds and get notified when alarms are tripped. Monitor from anywhere and get live data and historic graphs. Temperature Only. Temperature + Humidity Temperature + Humidity + CO 2 Learn More Proteus L5. Sump pump/ Tank  Water Level Monitor. Now, with advanced laser precision depth sensor, Easily monitor water or liquid levels in tanks, sewers, sump pumps and more. Normally Low, normally high modes. Get notified when normal level is breached. Learn More Amazon Alexa. Get Notifications on Amazon Alexa/ Echo. Configure your sensor to push notifications to your Amazon Alexa devices. Echo will light up with an audible alert to indicate new notifications. Simply ask 'Alexa, read my notifications' and Alexa will read it out for you. Learn More Webhooks. Connect to and control your smart devices. With smart webhooks, you can connect to and control your current IFTTT supported devices when an alarm is triggered. Or when the alarm resets. Learn More Beyond Alerts. Post critical notifications to #Slack. Connect Proteus alerts with Slack, post notifications directly to specific channels. Using Zapier? webhooks let you connect to Zapier and trigger your own Zaps too! Learn More Cloud Convenience. Many Sensors. One Dashboard. You can connect multiple sensors to the same cloud account. View data, update settings, monitor alarms all from the same dashboard. Dashboard also features a one touch alarm toggle button to easily turn notifications on or off. Proteus App. App-tional. Need an app? You got it. Don't want an app? There is none. Proteus cloud comes with an intuitive responsive design. You can save the cloud as an app on your phone. If you do not want apps, open a browser and access our cloud. You will not notice a difference. Learn More Automate it yourself with Home Assistant. Integrate Proteus to your Home Assistant server using REST API method. You can also configure Proteus to connect to a HA webhook end point to have complete local operation. Learn More Sensors for Personal/ Home use Add to Compare Proteus DB - Cloud Ready Digital Bridge Interface $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus Aquo - Wi-Fi Water Sensor Rating: 95% 107 Reviews $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus AMBIO - Wireless Temperature/ Humidity Sensor Rating: 98% 116 Reviews $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus L5  Wi Fi Liquid level / Sump pump water sensor Rating: 96% 59 Reviews $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus DX -WiFi Door Sensor with Audible, Email, and Text alerts Rating: 85% 24 Reviews $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus M5  Wi-Fi Motion Sensor Rating: 89% 30 Reviews $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus C5 - Clamp on electric load current sensor Rating: 87% 6 Reviews $99.00 Add to Compare Proteus RC - WiFi Cloud Interface with email/ text alerts for relay contacts Rating: 98% 11 Reviews $99.00 Industrial IOT Sensors and Interfaces Add to Compare Advanced Level Sensor Apex-Xe Rating: 73% 3 Reviews $349.00 Add to Compare Level Sensor Apex-Le Rating: 73% 3 Reviews $249.00 Add to Compare Flow Sensor Interface FL32-Xe Rating: 100% 1 Review $349.00 Add to Compare Pressure Sensor Interface PS32-XE Rating: 100% 1 Review $349.00 Add to Compare Pressure Sensor Interface PS32-Le $249.00 Add to Compare Proximity Switch Interface PR32-LE Rating: 100% 1 Review $249.00 Add to Compare Temperature Sensor Interface RT32-LE Rating: 20% 1 Review $249.00 Add to Compare PM01-Xe Advanced AC Line Voltage Monitor $349.00 Add to Compare PM01 - AC Line Voltage Monitor $249.00 Add to Compare AQUO - Pro XE Advanced Leak Sensor Rating: 73% 3 Reviews $339.00 Add to Compare AMBIO - Pro XE Temperature/ Humidity Sensor Rating: 73% 3 Reviews $349.00 Add to Compare AMBIO - Pro Le Temperature/ Humidity Sensor Rating: 84% 5 Reviews $249.00 Add to Compare AQUO - Pro LE Water Leak Sensor Rating: 80% 4 Reviews $249.00 Add to Compare Flow Sensor Interface FL32-Le $249.00 Add to Compare Proximity Switch Interface PR32-XE Rating: 100% 3 Reviews $349.00 Add to Compare Temperature Sensor Interface RT32-XE Rating: 90% 2 Reviews $349.00 Proteus builds smart connected sensors for your home and your office. Affordable, easy to install, connected to your devices and working anywhere in or around your home or business, Proteus sensors give you optimal convenience. Wi-Fi water sensors, Wi-Fi motion detectors, temperature sensors, humidity sensors and more allow you to control your home and business environment at all times. You can see when anyone is entering or leaving your home, know immediately when water leaks occur, know when doors are open or shut or when there is no movement in an area. When it comes to mobile management of your home or business, Wi-Fi sensors allow you to maintain complete control without interrupting your everyday activities. Though you can't be in multiple places at once, you can place our sensors wherever you need an extra pair of eyes. Site Map Search Terms Advanced Search Orders and Returns Contact Us +1.347.674.4501 Customer Service Order Status Information Warranty My Account Contact Us Sales and Support Products Payments, Tax Technical Assistance Downloads User Manuals About Us Proteus Terms of service Privacy policy Shipping policy Return and refund policy Company Information Proteus Sensors 1576 Sweet Home Rd #105 Amherst New York, 14226, USA Call us now: +001 347 674 4501 Customer support: support@proteussensor.com Skype: username Skype: Proteus-Skype Newsletter Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Subscribe © 2021 Proteus Sensor. All Rights Reserved.