New
Private online spreadsheets that keep your data secure
Try it now
(new window)
Close banner
Features
Pricing
Mail for Business
Download
Resources and support
Discover Proton
Get Proton Mail
Sign in
Secure email that protects your privacy

Keep your conversations private with Proton Mail, an encrypted email service based in Switzerland.

Create a free account
Compare plans

Need email for work? Discover Proton’s secure business email

100M+ accounts
4.5+ app rating
Swiss-based
What makes encrypted email better?
Because what's in your email is your business

Most popular email providers, such as Gmail, Outlook, and Yahoo, scan the content of your emails and use your email address to create a detailed profile on you and profit from your data.

Proton Mail's end-to-end encryption and zero-access encryption ensure only you can see your emails. Not even Proton can view the content of your emails and attachments.

Get your encrypted email
No more trackers in your inbox

Email trackers tell senders and advertisers what you read and click on, and can follow you around the web.

Proton Mail protects you from these digital spies and prevents companies from monitoring you.

Block email trackers
Ad free, always free

Proton Mail is a free and secure email service that's powered by our community, not surveillance capitalism. Our free plan is supported by paid subscriptions that offer extra features and storage.

Highest standards of privacy

Proton is incorporated and headquartered in Switzerland, meaning your data is protected by some of the world's strictest privacy laws.

Switch to Proton Mail in one click

With Easy Switch, you can quickly migrate from any email provider to Proton Mail. Import your emails, labels, contacts, and calendars to Proton Mail and set up automatic forwarding to receive future emails in your new encrypted inbox.

Open source and independently audited

All Proton services are open source and independently audited for security. We also maintain open-source encryption libraries used by millions of people around the world.

The standard for email privacy

From newsrooms, activists, and international organizations to academics, Nobel Prize winners, and movie characters, Proton Mail is the trusted choice for secure and private communication. Join over 100 million people worldwide who believe their online privacy is worth protecting.

Take back control
Your favorite features, plus privacy
Declutter your inbox

See all your email subscriptions in one place, so you can quickly decide what’s worth keeping and instantly unsubscribe from what’s not.

Safe from spam and phishing

PhishGuard blocks known phishing attempts and lets you know if an email is suspicious. Link confirmation ensures you never fall for malicious websites.

Password protection

Set passwords and expiration dates for your emails to securely send confidential information to your contacts, even if they don't have Proton Mail.

Hide-my-email aliases

Create aliases when you sign up for new websites. By hiding your real email address, you can prevent phishing attacks and reduce spam.

Schedule, undo, or snooze emails

Enjoy the ease and security of Proton Mail on all your devices with our open-source apps for web, desktop, Android, and iPhone.

Available on all platforms

Enjoy the ease and security of Proton Mail on all your devices with our open-source apps for web, desktop, Android, and iPhone.

Keep your communications private

Choose an email that is secure and private by default.

Create a free account
An easy alternative

We provide easy-to-use alternatives to Big Tech services and their surveillance business models. With Proton, your data is protected, not exploited.

Join Proton and take control of your data with our encrypted email, calendar, file storage, VPN, and password manager.

Secure your business

In addition to protecting millions of individuals, Proton secures more than 50,000 businesses, including some of the world’s largest public and private organizations.

Learn how Proton can secure your vital business data and help you comply with data protection and privacy laws.

Get Proton Mail for Business
Trusted by over 50,000 business users and 100 million accounts around the world.
Proton Mail FAQ
What is Proton Mail?
View details
Why do I need a private email?
View details
How can I get a private email?
View details
Do you offer a plan for families?
View details
Is Proton Mail safer than Gmail?
View details
Is Proton Mail free?
View details
Privacy by default
Proton AG
Route de la Galaise 32
1228 Plan-les-Ouates
Geneva, Switzerland
Products
Proton Mail
Proton Calendar
Proton Drive
Proton VPN
(new window)
Proton Pass
Proton Wallet
Proton Docs
Proton Sheets
New
Proton Authenticator
New
Proton Meet
New
Lumo AI
(new window)
New
Standard Notes
(new window)
Simple Login
(new window)
Proton for Business
Pricing
Switch to Proton
Privacy
Password generator
Tor
Community
Open source
Student discount
Special reports
Company
About us
Team
Impact
Proton Foundation
Careers
We’re hiring
Shop
(new window)
Connect
Blog
Help and support
Partners and affiliates
Referral program
Press and media
Contact us
Donate
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
(new window)
System status
(new window)
Report abuse
Report a problem
Report a security issue
Request a feature
(new window)
English
Privacy Policy
Terms & conditions
Transparency report
© 2025 Proton AG. All rights reserved.