Live Chat for Websites | Customer Support Software You are using an outdated browser. For a faster, safer browsing experience, upgrade for free today. Moving on from Skype for Business? Step up to Virola Messenger. Learn more Product Live Chat Chat Statistics Transcripts Viewer Integrations Virola Corporate Messenger Agent apps Web App Windows App MacOS App iOS App Android App Linux App All chat agent apps Release History Prices Testimonials Customer Reviews Case Studies Learn Video Tutorials F. A. Q. User Manual How To Troubleshooting News and Updates Articles Solutions Blog Free Trial Login Eng English Français Deutsch Español Português 中文 日本語 Live Chat for Websites NEW! Automatic chat translation Learn more » 20 years on the market Multiple datacenters No scheduled maintenance 24/7 personalized support Flexible customizations Try It Watch Intro Easy Setup Create your account Download and install Live Chat App for Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android or use our Web App Add a Live Chat button to your website Customize your Live Chat window Start chatting with your website visitors in real time Cross-platform Agent App Desktop Windows macOS Linux Mobile Android iOS Web Browser based Integrations Live Chat Widget for Your Website Fast and Powerful All Provide Support payment plans come with the same set of features. They differ only in the number of agent profiles in the account. Secure We use advanced encryption for chat conversations, chat transcripts, and offline emails to protect your company's information. Unlimited Domains An unlimited number of chats per agent and the option to add your live chat button to multiple domains at no additional cost. Best service We are constantly working to improve our service and adding new features. Our customer service line is available 24/7. Easy Integration Whether you are running Magento, Shopify, Wix, WordPress, Joomla or any other platform, you can easily integrate our live chat widget. 30-Day Money-Back We offer a 30-day money-back promise if you decide to stop using our live chat service after your first payment. There are no hidden costs with us. Our customers Popular FAQ Filter questions General Security and privacy Features Billing Agent apps All FAQ Is your free trial fully functional? Yes, all live chat features are available during your free trial. You can create any number of agent profiles, add your live chat button to multiple domains and take advantage of all of the features. What languages do you support? 41 languages are currently available for the live chat window. If your required language is not listed in your account settings, please let us know. The desktop agent app is currently available in English, German, Chinese and Russian. The web agent app is currently available in English, German, French, Chinese and Russian. Our website and account Control Panel are available in English, German, French, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Chinese and Russian. How can I add your chat to my website? You need to insert a chat button code into your website source. You can find our chat button codes on the My Account / Chat Button Codes page in your account. Additionally, you can check our integration tutorials. What will happen after my free trial expires? Your agent logins will be locked after the free trial expires, and you will not be able to assist your customers on live chat. However, we do not remove accounts, all of your settings will be stored intact and you can activate your account at any time. I forgot my password To recover your password, please follow our password recovery link . If you cannot recall your account name, please contact our 24/7 live chat customer service for assistance. Do you offer secure connection? Secure connection is enabled in all new accounts by default. This feature can be enabled or disabled on the Account Settings / Connection page in your account. Are chat transcripts and offline message secure? We send chat transcripts and offline messages via an encrypted channel. We do not store them on our servers. The encryption takes place during transmission from our server to customer's mail server. Can I make my chat window GDPR compliant? You can add a privacy consent to your pre-chat survey and offline form and hide visitors’ data from chat transcripts and real time visitor monitoring. Do you offer statistics? We offer detailed statistics for your agent performance and general information on visited website pages and pages where the live chat button was clicked. Can I block an IP of abusive visitor? Yes, we offer IP blocker where you can block separate IPs, IP ranges and domains. You can also specify allowed domains and filter your customers by regions. Do you offer proactive chat invitations? Yes, you can send chat invitations from your agent app. If you would like to draw attention of your website visitors automatically, you can enable eye catcher bubble which will appear on your website above, below or next to your live chat button, depending on its position on your website page. Can I customize my pre-chat survey? Yes, you can add there any number of fields and create custom drop down lists. It is also possible to skip the pre-chat survey and jump to chat immediately after clicking the live chat button. Can I cancel before the end of my billing period? Yes, you can request your account cancellation anytime. If you are a new customer, we offer 30-day money back guarantee. This means we will refund the first payment within first 30 days of your billing period if you were not satisfied with our service. How can I pay for your service? We accept credit / debit cards and UnionPay as well as PayPal, Alipay and Bitcoin payments. It is also possible to pay with wire transfer, USA check or ACH. Are there any hidden costs? There are no hidden or additional fees with us. All features are available with any payment plan. We offer standard monthly and annual plans for 1, 3 and 10 agent profiles as well as enterprise plans for more than 10 agent profiles. Can I upgrade my account? You can purchase more agent profiles anytime during your billing period. The amount left on your account balance on the day of upgrade will be deducted from your new subscription package price. A new billing period will start from the day of upgrade Will you renew my subscription automatically? By default auto charge is enabled for card payments and PayPal. If you would like us not to charge your card on file automatically, contact our 24/7 live chat customer service. PayPal auto charge you can disable in your PayPal account. Do you offer mobile app for agents? Yes, we offer apps for Android and iPhone. Your agents can install them on their devices and use to assist customers on the go or just to monitor chats if they need to step away from their computers. Can I log into my desktop app and mobile app at the same time? Yes, your agents can log into desktop and mobile apps at the same time. This is convenient if they need to monitor chats when they need to leave their working place for some time. They can also install our desktop app on any number of computers and connect with the agent app from home. Is there any difference between your desktop app and web app? Our web app supports all features you need for smooth and convenient chatting process. However, desktop app is more stable and supports such features as screenshots, flexible chat notifications, Geo location tab and gives a possibility to adjust the look of Visitors tab with monitoring results. Is the number of chats per agent limited? You can have as many chats you can handle, we do not limit the number of chats per agent. In our system it is possible automatically close chats where the visitor left the conversation. You can enable this option on the Account Settings / Chat Management page. Join the community Over 10,000 sites using live chat Thousands of businesses use our Live Chat widget globally for their customer service needs North America "We really appreciate your services. We did find an impact on our business process. It is another avenue to talk to customer on a one-on-one basis. Your service is excellent." Director of Project Management Training Institute "Provide Support's on-line chat software has opened up a great new way for customers and prospects to get in touch with us and have their questions answered right away." Don Leclair Tembria "...our department uses this feature to assist approximately 1,400 customers a year. Our customers have remarked on enjoying the ease of access that this chat feature provides..." David Letourneau Florida State University Europe "Our experience, as a company, with Provide Support, so far is excellent!!! We have received excellent treatment whenever we needed to contact Provide Support. Keep up the good work!!!" Nikos Feratis Danone Baby Nutrition Greece "...The live chat system is now an integral tool for our customer service team and for our customers and allows us to offer just another way of getting in touch and communicating. We have recommended ProvideSupport to other organisations..." Stuart Baxter Safelincs Ltd "In Mpcshop we are using Provide support from more than 10 years. It is part of our working tools and we can not imagine not to have it. We find it very useful expecially to communicate with customers of other languages." Alberto Musso M.P.C. Musso Personal Computer srl Asia "As a proud customer of Provide Support since the past few months, I think your service is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! I couldn't have really asked for more. Keep up the good work!" Gyan Shah The Flag Corporation Africa "Provide Support's software is well-designed, and it does a vital job to help us keep instant contact with our valued clients globally. Provide Support is a reliable service provider that never fails to deliver good solutions" Katja Quasdorf Jenman African Safaris South America "Somos clientes da Provide Support a muitos anos e estamos totalmente satisfeitos com solução de comunicação. Já faz parte do dia a dia a comunicação de nossos clientes com nossa empresa pelo Chat..." Antonio Carlos Santoro Martins DLL Informática Ltda. Easily communicate with your customers at any platform. Free Trial About News Blog Prices About Us Affiliate Program Help Center Video Tutorials Setup Guides User Manual Contacts Provide Support, LLC 65 Broadway 3rd Floor New York, NY 10006 +1-888-777-9930 © 2003-2025 Provide Support | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | GDPR 9. Provide Support uses essential cookies to make our website and live chat work. We'd also like to set analytical cookies that help us to improve the website by measuring how you use it. By clicking "Accept" your agree to our use of them. Find more information about essential cookies we use in our Privacy Policy . Accept Decline +1-888-777-9930