This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.

Imprint | Privacy Policy
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
ALLOW ALL
ALLOW SELECTION
DENY
 
Tour
Advantages
Testimonials
Pricing
Enterprise
Blog
Log in
Get started
Boost your business with customer reviews!
The proven way to manage your online reputation and turn reviews into revenue
Sign up for free
Customer reviews
Google star ratings
Rating aggregation
Customer surveys
More trust, success, and revenue with customer reviews.
Authentic customer reviews are the most effective advertising in the world. Your good reputation reaches thousands of potential customers on the Internet. Our users benefit from this every day: with just 15 minutes of effort per week, they increase their sales by an average of approx. 25 %.
MORE SUCCESS
ProvenExpert's unbeatable platform drives more new business your way, boosts revenue, and makes you more visible online.
FREE FOR EVERYONE
ProvenExpert is the perfect solution for all businesses, whether you're a freelancer, medium-sized, or large company.
EASE OF USE
ProvenExpert.com features intuitive controls and can be implemented immediately. Start getting customer feedback in a matter of minutes.
View all benefits
85% of all consumers trust online reviews just as much as personal recommendations.
BrightLocal Local Consumer Review Survey
More than 1,962,800 service providers & companies rely on us
ProvenExpert's ease of use and transparent evaluation procedures have made it easier for us to gain and maintain the trust of our customers. An indispensable tool for any growing business!
André Schneider
Kundengewinnungslabor
Wolfgang Nestler
Der MotivFinder
Stefan Pritschet
Pins & mehr GmbH & Co. KG
View all testimonials
Everything you want to know.
ProvenExpert provides you with industry-specific customer surveys, perfectly tailored to your business and optimized for all end devices. Collect relevant customer reviews in just 2-3 minutes per survey. Gain valuable feedback and boost your online reputation - whether you are a financial advisor, hairdresser, painter or trainer.
View sample survey
Everything in one place.
Stay in control of your reviews - with ProvenExpert, you can centralize all your customer reviews – including the number of reviews and your overall rating – in one place. Receive real-time notifications about new reviews, complete with all the details. This saves you significant time and effort, allowing you to focus on what matters most.
View sample profile
Take the product tour
First place. With stars.
Your ProvenExpert profile is automatically optimized for search engines such as Google to make sure potential customers can easily find you over the competition. Get improved visibility, more clicks, and more new customers with Google star ratings listed in your ProvenExpert profile, in your Google listings, and on your own website.
Get started
*Spiegel Research Center Survey (2017) – "How Online Reviews Influence Sales"
Make a lasting impression. And more sales.
Customer reviews can boost website conversion rates by up to 270%.* Our review seals prominently showcase your customer feedback, instantly convincing visitors and building trust. Present your reputation and best customer reviews in an appealing format, choosing from various seal options that perfectly match your website.
View rating seals
Take the product tour
already
1,962,868
Expert profiles
up to now
2,030,166
Customer surveys
by now
122,300,021
Reviews
Join now for free and get started!
Try our PREMIUM plan for 30 days for free and non-binding, afterwards you will be automatically switched to our FREE plan.
Sign up now
Still have questions about ProvenExpert?
Simply send an email to support@provenexpert.com or get in touch through Facebook, X, XING, or LinkedIn. We are here for you Monday-Thursday 9am-5pm (CET).
Get in touch
PRODUCT
Rating seals
Customer surveys
Advantages
Enterprise Suite
Affiliate program
Awards
ABOUT US
Why ProvenExpert?
Our company
Team
Careers
Testimonials
Contact
KNOWLEDGE
Blog
FAQ
Customer review platforms
Customer reviews
Customer satisfaction
Review Guidelines
Events
SERVICE
Press
Newsletter
Online demo
Expert rating
Expert directory
GOOD
ProvenExpert.com
6,930 Customer reviews
Authenticity
12/20/2025
Customer reviews and experiences for
ProvenExpert.com
97%
Recommended on ProvenExpert.com
GOOD
4.45 / 5.00
5,517
Reviews on ProvenExpert.com
1,413
Reviews from 8 other sources
View profile on
 ProvenExpert.com
Detektei D.
5.00
Danke für den tollen und persönlichen Support!
ProvenExpert.com
 6930 Reviews on ProvenExpert.com
Terms and Conditions
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Quality Assurance
 | 
Legal Notice
©
 2011 - 2025 Expert Systems AG
Recommend this page on: