Prowly – PR & Media Relations Software Product Pricing Use cases Customers Resources Log in Start free trial PR SOFTWARE Media relations made simple Find relevant media contacts, create and send press releases, track mentions, build reports, and more. Prowly has everything to get your PR work done. Get started for free Get started for free Free 7-day trial No credit card required See what’s inside Trusted by Media Database Media Monitoring & Intelligence PR CRM Media Pitching Press Releases PR Reports Newsrooms Find relevant media contacts Access a database of over 1,000,000 contacts and select journalists most likely to be interested in your message Try for free Media Database Track every single mention Cast your media monitoring net wide and deep to catch all the relevant mentions, both online and offline Try for free Media Monitoring & Intelligence Manage your media contacts Conversation histories make it easy to build relationships with journalists and increase your chances of getting media coverage Try for free PR CRM Data-driven pitching Get your message out to your contact list and start engaging in dialogues that result in media exposure Try for free Media Pitching Create your press release Easily customize the content and appearance of your press releases and stand out in journalists' inboxes Try for free Press Releases Create PR reports Show off the results of your PR efforts with relevant and comprehensive data using customizable coverage reports Try for free PR Reports Publish press releases  in a newsroom Make it easy for journalists to find all the information they need about your brand and share links to your newest announcements Try for free Newsrooms Suited for any PR need In-house PR teams Keep all your company news in one place that's easily accessible to journalists. Provide the media with all the information they need to write about you. Read more PR agencies Manage all client PR activities with one tool, create multiple online newsrooms, and share access for simplified teamwork and collaboration. Read more Small businesses Get publicity for your business with an easy-to-use tool with a media database of over 1,000,000 contacts and pitch journalists right from the app. Read more CUSTOMER STORIES How hyper-targeting outlets' audiences helped On Air boost their reply rates "Just in the couple of months that we've been using Prowly, we've had huge success. Now we can really zone into what our client wants and strategically reach out to the right audiences." Sandra Torres, Head of On Air Read more Medstar Media How Medstar Media landed 150 publications and made their campaign go viral "I love Prowly. Your service helped me locate the press contacts I needed to make a breast cancer awareness video we did go viral. My mom is a survivor. We were able to spread the word because you made it easier for us to contact the right people." Chris Zelig Partner, Medstar Media Read more Pressed Fresh Collective How Pressed Fresh Collective personalizes pitches at 2x speed "In addition to saving time on personalization, Prowly also saves us time when we're tracking emails and follow-ups because we can track them all in one place." Dawn Jones Founder at Pressed Fresh Collective Read more Access Ventures How Access Ventures uses Prowly for easy pro-level PR "Prowly was a no-brainer, I didn't even have to consider other options." Tim Harris Director of Marketing and Communications, Access Ventures Read more Start your free, 7-day trial Get instant access Company About Us News Product Updates Careers Support Contact Us Help Center Product Pricing Media Database Media Monitoring Media Pitching Tool AI PR Software Press Release Creator PR Reports Online Newsroom Digital PR Playbooks Product guides Knowledge Blog Press Release Templates Case studies Top Journalists Top Outlets Features Online Monitoring Social Media Listening PR CRM AI Press Release Generator Compare Prowly vs. Muck Rack Prowly vs. Meltwater Prowly vs. Cision Prowly vs. PR Newswire Switch from Muck Rack Switch from Meltwater Switch from Cision Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Service (MM and PR Reports) Billing Policy Data Processing Addendum Brand Policy Cookies Policy