Unified commerce solutions | Planet Skip to main content Products Solutions Resources Company Protel login Contact us Back Accept payments Online Accept payments on your website, mobile app or via a secure link In-person Take in-person payments inside, outside or on-the-go Accept payments One partner to accept payments anywhere, anytime Software for hospitality Property Management System Manage your day-to-day hotel operations easily and securely Hospitality network Enterprise Wi-Fi, in-room entertainment, and fully managed hotel infrastructure Software for retail Order Management Software Fulfil online orders from your store efficiently Serve any customer Dynamic Currency Conversion Localise the checkout experience for international customers Multi Currency Pricing Localise the browsing experience for international customers. Payment methods Explore payment options for your checkout. Tax Free for merchants Issuing Issue Tax Free forms – at scale Shopper journey Track VAT refunds near real-time. Tax Free for Shoppers Track my refund Retail Bring your payments, Tax Free, and OMS together with Planet Hospitality Payments and Software for hotels, bars, restaurants and quick service outlets Travel Create smoother payments journeys Blogs Read about the latest insights, trends and topics from Planet Customer stories Discover why businesses around the world choose Planet Customer resources Committed to exceptional support and resources for a seamless experience Partners Meet the partners we work with to bring more to the end customer Guides & reports Discover valuable industry insights in our latest guides and e-books Planet ecampus Browse our wide range of courses designed to enhance your knowledge of Planet’s products Featured customer stories How autoSense accelerated EV charging innovation with Planet’s Datatrans platform How Bergwelt Grindelwald resort doubled its reservations with Protel PMS & Canary messaging Genuine Irish Hospitality at The Keadeen Hotel, powered by HotSoft PMS How Planet powers fast, flexible payments with Oracle Simphony at Coventry Building Society Arena About us Find out more about Planet, our integrated solutions, and who we serve Newsroom Find resources and Planet contact details for press and media Planet events Join us at global industry events and discover how Planet is shaping the future of payments and software Support Get in touch with us today for local support in your country Products Solutions Resources Company Protel login Contact us Accept payments Online Accept payments on your website, mobile app or via a secure link In-person Take in-person payments inside, outside or on-the-go Accept payments One partner to accept payments anywhere, anytime Software for Hospitality Property Management System Manage your day-to-day hotel operations easily and securely Hospitality network Enterprise Wi-Fi, in-room entertainment, and fully managed hotel infrastructure Software for Retail Order Management Software Fulfil online orders from your store efficiently Serve any customer Dynamic Currency Conversion Localise the checkout experience for international customers Multi Currency Pricing Localise the browsing experience for international customers. Payment methods Explore payment options for your checkout. Tax Free for Merchants Issuing Issue Tax Free forms – at scale Shopper journey Track VAT refunds near real-time. Tax Free for Shoppers Track my refund Retail Bring your payments, Tax Free, and OMS together with Planet Hospitality Payments and Software for hotels, bars, restaurants and quick service outlets Travel Create smoother payments journeys Blogs Read about the latest insights, trends and topics from Planet Customer stories Discover why businesses around the world choose Planet Customer resources Committed to exceptional support and resources for a seamless experience Partners Meet the partners we work with to bring more to the end customer Guides & reports Discover valuable industry insights in our latest guides and e-books Planet ecampus Browse our wide range of courses designed to enhance your knowledge of Planet’s products Featured customer stories How autoSense accelerated EV charging innovation with Planet’s Datatrans platform How Bergwelt Grindelwald resort doubled its reservations with Protel PMS & Canary messaging Genuine Irish Hospitality at The Keadeen Hotel, powered by HotSoft PMS How Planet powers fast, flexible payments with Oracle Simphony at Coventry Building Society Arena About us Find out more about Planet, our integrated solutions, and who we serve Newsroom Find resources and Planet contact details for press and media Planet events Join us at global industry events and discover how Planet is shaping the future of payments and software Support Get in touch with us today for local support in your country Unified Commerce One connected platform managing every Retail tech touchpoint Unified commerce is a fully integrated suite of products providing a consistent shopping experience everywhere while leveraging all your omnichannel capabilities to increase your revenue. Boost sales by using powerful technology to reconcile commerce with the latest in consumer buying behaviours. Get in touch What can Unified Commerce do for you? Payment Capabilities A range of payment methods: Online payment gateway In-person payment gateway Pay by link Direct acquiring Value added services Additional revenue generator services: Tax-Free Currency conversion Business intelligence Experience accelerators Ready to use business accelerators: eCommerce website Click & Collect widget In-person checkout Tangible benefits All in-one and integrated capabilities: Customer satisfaction Increase Revenue Optimise daily operations Reduce cost and time to market What does Planet's Unified Commerce offer me as a retailer? Omnichannel services Activate these omnichannel services as and when needed. Click & Collect Shoppers can place orders online and choose where to collect them from. Reservation Reduce stockout risk with safety inventory, fulfilment delays and calendars. Delivery Choose from multiple delivery methods and sipping venues to optimise delivery efficiency and reduce transportation costs. Returns Planet’s returns feature makes it possible for you to offer credit or refunds both in-store and online. All automatically generated via the Planet gateway. Learn more about Click & Collect Great shopper experience Offer your customers an optimised journey on all channels thanks to our APIs. Pre-Purchase Offer shoppers a great pre-purchase experience with detailed product images and their choice of sizes, coulous and availability. Checkout Every modern check out convience at your shoppers fingertime. Delivery promises, promotions and a variety of payment options. Post Purchase Comprehensive orders and returns data to optimise sales opportunities by using personalised experiences. Shopper Notifications Complete shopper notification system built-in so they your customers can be contacted via their preferred method. Discover our retail solutions Order orchestration Automate order management according to your needs. Order Import Import data via CSV or API. Flag services and channels to easily optimise order orchestration. Order Splitting Split orders in the way that makes the most sense to your business. Delivery Deliver from where you want to, in the most cost-effective way, to where your customers are. Improved customer service Equip your operational teams Manage orders with a central database that collects all the essential data about your customers. E.g. Order status returns status, cancellations and delivery address updates. With Planet, your teams are empowered to assist customers, in real-time, from anywhere. Robust analytics Follow the real-time performance of your omnichannel retail business Access Control Planets access control helps to prevent your employees and your business from issues such as data loss, theft, breach of privacy and data protection laws. Track Business KPI’s Track revenue and orders from all channels, extract high-quality KPIs and ensure the continuous advancement and improvement of your retail business. Optimize your Logistics Use artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide the fastest delivery service for your customers at the lowest cost for your business. More retail solutions for your business Order management software Utilise your store network to fulfil orders – online and in-store – through an intuitive Order Management System. Hundreds of retailers choose Planet’s OMS to make shopping easier for shoppers and their staff. Learn more Accept all popular payment types With planet's payment gateway you can accept payment, via credit card, debit card, mobile payments, digital wallets and even cryptocurrency. Learn more Tax Free Get fast and secure automated VAT refunds. Streamline tax-free processes with with Planet with expert support and automated refunds. Learn more Multi-Currency Pricing Drive sales with Multi-Currency pricing (MCP) and reach new markets by creating clarity. Let your customers see prices in their own currency at every step of their journey – turning pricing into profit. Learn more You might also be interested in... What is Multi-Currency Pricing (MCP)? Payments Hospitality Retail Emma Anderson | February 24, 2025 Introduction to online payments Payments Hospitality Retail Geofferey Pagel | December 16, 2024 Embedded finance in the retail industry: What you need to know Retail Payments Geofferey Pagel | February 10, 2025 Read more articles What happens next? Talk to one of our experts today We will call you to outline your exact needs - a quick 15-minute call. Once we understand how best to assist you, we can initiate the hassle-free onboarding process. Finally, a dedicated consultant from Planet will reach out to get you operational as soon as possible. First name * Last name * Business e-mail * Phone * Company * Country * - Select - Afghanistan Aguilla Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini (Swaziland) Ethiopia Faroe Islands Finland France French Polynesia French West Indies Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Grenada Grenada & Carriacou Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Herzegovina Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territories Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Korea Republic of Rwanda Réunion Romania Russia Saba San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovak Republic Slovenia Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Marteen St. Vincent St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Bahamas Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I'm looking for * - Select - Hospitality solutions and products Retail solutions and products Information about partnering Travel and parking solutions What would you like help with? * - Select - I want to effortlessly manage my hotel operations My hotel needs networking solutions I want to accept payments I'd like to provide Tax Free shopping Efficiently manage any online order Tokenise sensitive card data Choose a payments solution * - Select - Online payments In-person payments Online and In-Person payments Currency Conversion PCI Proxy About your project * Check this box to give consent to receiving updates about Planet’s products, events, trainings, reports and services By submitting this form, you accept the terms in our Privacy Policy . This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. English English Español Français Italiano Deutsch Payments Online In-person Token Vault Dynamic Currency Conversion Software Property Management System Booking Engine Order Management System Solutions Retail Hospitality Travel Tax Free Issuing Track my refund Resources Blogs Customer stories Customer resources Partners Reports & guides Company About Newsroom Careers Support Contact us Disclosure program Legal | Choose your preferred language! We have detected your location, and we would like to enhance your browsing experience. Select your preferred language. Cambiar a Español Passer en Français Passa all'italiano Auf Deutsch wechseln Stay in English