proxy-sdk PROXY-SDK.COM Home FAQ Contact PROXY-SDK.COM Boost your revenue with Proxy SDK Use Proxy SDK to monetize all your users worldwide without disrupting their
          experience Transparent for users Opt out at any time 24/7 support in a long-term partnership Try now SIMPLE AND EFFECTIVE Unleash your potential Our solution offers a limited premium version of your product, improving
            customer retention and offering additional opportunities to maximize earnings. Earn more while the SDK does the score! Your users will be fully aware of what they agree to and won't notice
            any changes in performance, leading to higher retention. Quick and easy setup Integrate the SDK fast with your standard development tools. It's simple
            to install and only requires minimal permissions. Top security and privacy Resource sharing only happens after obtaining explicit consent. Users
            can choose to opt out at any time. Frequently Asked Questions Ask a question What is Proxy SDK? How does it work? How can I uninstall Proxy SDK from a computer? What is Proxy SDK? Proxy SDK is a data collection tool that allows companies to gather public web data, enhancing their
            databases to improve their products, services, and pricing strategies. How does it work? Proxy SDK fetches websites using users' IPs. It operates in the background while safeguarding user privacy
            in full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To uninstall our app on Windows 10, follow these steps: 1. Click on the Windows icon and type "add or remove programs" on your computer. 2. In the list of apps, find and select Proxy SDK, then click "uninstall". 3. Follow the prompts by clicking "Yes" or "OK" until the uninstallation process is finished. Begin boosting your app's revenue today! Your name: E-mail: App name: Message: Ask a question Something went wrong. Please try again. PROXY- SDK .COM © 2024 All rights reserved. Ask a question Privacy policy License Agreement We regularly monitor network traffic, allowing only approved activities through the SDK. It does not collect
          personal data and only utilizes the IP address for essential analytics, such as demand studies, consumer
          research, and similar functions. We ensure compliance with privacy regulations and maintain the highest data
          protection standards. UP