Shipping to
South Korea
MK4S kit shipping from $70 (FedEx)
$USD
English
Login
Select your shipping country and ZIP first
for accurate shipping times and prices
Country
ZIP
Save
3D printers
Materials
Parts & Accessories
For Business
Software
3D Models
Community
Help
Courses
Blog
Company
New Prusa CORE One+ 3D Printer
Flagship Printer Now with INDX Upgrade Discount

€100 off INDX with CORE One+ Assembled  •  

GET CORE ONE+
3D Printers
Filaments
Resins
MMU3 & Upgrades
Accessories
PrusaSlicer
Online Courses
Announcements

NEWS  •  7 mins read

Introducing New Products!
Read more

NEWS  •  4 mins read

A fancy orange to celebrate the 7th anniversary
Read more
Our 3D Printers
Prusa CORE One L
$1,599
Prusa CORE One+ with INDX Upgrade Discount
$1,199
Prusa CORE One+ kit
$949
Original Prusa XL Semi-assembled 2-toolhead 3D Printer
$2,199
Original Prusa XL Assembled 2-toolhead 3D Printer
$2,699
Original Prusa XL Semi-assembled 5-toolhead 3D Printer
$2,899
Original Prusa XL Assembled 5-toolhead 3D Printer
$3,599
Original Prusa MK4S 3D Printer
$929
Original Prusa MK4S 3D Printer kit
$669
Original Prusa MINI+ Semi-assembled 3D Printer - Enclosure Bundle
$479
Prusa Pro HT90
$9,990
Original Prusa SL1S SPEED 3D Printer + CW1S BUNDLE
$2,599
3D printer buying guide
QUESTION #1
What's your main plan with 3D printing?
I'm just getting started and want to explore 3D printing as a hobby.
I plan to use it for professional projects or prototyping.
I'm interested in creating highly detailed models or art.
I want the printer mainly for educational purposes or teaching.
Next question
Experience High-Performance 3D Printing with Prusa PRO Line

Master high-performance & engineering materials. Achieve unparalleled manufacturing speed and high precision with reliable FDM & SLA solutions for your business.

Explore now

Reviews and Awards
The MK4S is a highly refined 3D printer that promises years of reliable use and easily outlasts many cheaper alternatives. Its durability, upgradability, and ease of repair make it a standout option for serious users.
Prusa added a Bondtech CHT nozzle to make the MK4S as fast as (and sometimes faster than) the competition. A new 360 fan freezes the filament into a more precise shape. Best of all, old MK4 machines can receive this upgrade as a $99 kit.
XL is a printer for those who want to print constantly without worry. Good job, Prusa! You make good things.
If you are seeking the absolute best print quality on a machine that stands alone in it’s capabilities for multi-material or multi-extruder size, the XL delivers.
This is an excellent mid-price printer, a great first choice of printer if it’s in budget, and a workhorse machine for veteran printers.
New products
Crash Derby
$45
Prusament Resin Basic
Choose variant
Prusament Resin Basic Black 1kg
$32
Prusament Resin Basic Grey 1kg
$32
Prusament Resin Basic Orange 1kg
$32
Blank OpenPrintTag
Choose variant
Jonathan Benhamu, the founder of HYTAC and a lecturer at ETH Zurich university. Read our story
Are you teacher at school or university?

If you are considering Original Prusa 3D printers for your classroom, school, library, university or maker space, let us prepare an individual price quote for you.

Request a price quote

News from the blog
Prusa Research
4 MINS READ
How 3D printing started: About Rep-rap and open-source with Adrian Bowyer

The Open Community License we just released wasn’t something we came up with overnight. It was years in the making, involving long discussions to ensure it actually serves the community right. One of the people we consulted was Dr. Adrian Bowyer….

Read more
Josef Průša
11 MINS READ
Open-sourcing CORE One CAD Files Under the New Open Community License (OCL)

Today, we are releasing the full CAD files for the CORE One and CORE One L frames. You can download them right now, load them into your CAD software and use them to create mods and accessories, import them to Fusion…

Read more
Jan Olejnik
9 MINS READ
Holiday Gift Guide 2025 For 3D Printing Enthusiasts [New Orders After Christmas]

The holiday season is upon us. We’re bracing ourselves for the inevitable auditory attack of Mariah Carey’s All I Want for Christmas followed by Wham’s Last Christmas (we like to participate in Whamageddon every year). While many of us are avoiding…

Read more
E-Book: Basics of 3D Printing
E-mail 
You can purchase the book through the online store or receive it electronically as a gift by providing your email address and agreement to receive the newsletter.
By clicking, you agree to receive the newsletter.
Get e-book for free
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
I don’t agree with subscribing to the newsletter and I want to buy the e-book for 5 USD / 5 EUR.
3D printing ideas
All
Art & Design
Costumes & Accessories
Gadgets
Household
Learning
Hobby & Makers
Toys & Games
M13 THOR - Printable Mecha Model Kit - Deluxe Edition
MATARO
Fall is looming !! The weaving loom
CatAskill
HULA v1.0 Anti Vibration feet for Prusa Mk3/4, Core One (beta) & Prusa Bear
frbernal
Radius gauge 0-50mm
REMLURELMI
Bow Tie – Print in Place
PrivacyMode
Snowman Tea-Light Ornament – 3D Printed Holiday Glow
Paul 3D_4_Fun
Flexi Japanese Dragon (Print-in-place)
Vex
DUMMY 13 Printable Jointed Figure (BETA FILES)
soozafone
Modular LED Light System
DOMELL
Geometric Origami Inspired Christmas Tree /w Tree Topper
Atos4306
[A5] Rewindr - Made for Prusa MMU3
Iamstu
PAM (Poseable Artist's Model)
D3DCreative
See more prints
Blog
How 3D printing started: About Rep-rap and open-source with Adrian Bowyer
Open-sourcing CORE One CAD Files Under the New Open Community License (OCL)
Holiday Gift Guide 2025 For 3D Printing Enthusiasts [New Orders After Christmas]
Prusament PLA LE 2025 Goldfish: A fancy orange to celebrate the 7th anniversary
Newsletter

Signup and get our monthly squeeze on updates, blog, printables and much more.

E-mail
I would like to receive the e-book "Basics of 3D Printing" as a gift
By clicking, you agree to receive our newsletter.
Subscribe
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Easy Filament Swap Gingerbread Cookie
E-shop
3D Printers
Printer Upgrades
Filaments
Accessories
Prusa Merchandise
Powered by
© Prusa Research a.s.
Printables
3D Models
Store
Clubs
3D Design Contests
Brands
Community
World Map
Forum
User Groups
Events
Help
Prusa Help
Prusa Academy
3D Printing Calculators
Software
PrusaSlicer
Prusa.app
Prusa Connect
Drivers and Software
Company
About Us
Blog
Official Prusa Resellers
Contact Us
Certified for ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001
General Terms and ConditionsGeneral Terms and Conditions of Use of the PRUSA WebsitesPrivacy PolicyInformation about cookiesCustomer Complaints PolicyStatus PageCookie settingsSupplemental Statements