Prydwen Institute - the best source of guides for your favorite gacha games Home Upcoming games Blog Discord Ko-Fi The best source of guides for your favorite gacha games Prydwen.gg provides news, tier lists and detailed guides for Honkai: Star Rail, NIKKE, AFK Journey, Wuthering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero, Reverse 1999 and other gacha games. Everything you need in one place! Popular games Chaos Zero Nightmare Honkai: Star Rail Reverse 1999 Wuthering Waves Zenless Zone Zero New games Blue Protocol: Star Resonance Chaos Zero Nightmare Lost Sword Resonance Solstice Trickcal:Chibi Go All supported games AFK Journey Arknights: Endfield Pre-launch Blue Protocol: Star Resonance Chaos Zero Nightmare Counter Side Etheria: Restart Eversoul Goddess of Victory: NIKKE Honkai: Star Rail Limbus Company Lost Sword Neverness To Everness Pre-launch Persona 5: The Phantom X Resonance Solstice Reverse 1999 Silver and Blood Trickcal:Chibi Go Wuthering Waves Zenless Zone Zero Upcoming releases Dragon Traveler Idle RPG Global 12 d 12 h About the game: Love x Comedy x Isekai = The Ultimate Bishoujo RPG! Dragon Traveler is a rom-com adventure, where you—yes, you!—become the notorious dragon Fafnir, surrounded by gorgeous girls who are way too into you! Global release date: 13 January 2026 Regional release date:: 20 March 2025 ( TW ) Platforms: Android iOS PC Steam Publisher: HongKong GameTree LIMITED Official website: Open in new window Gameplay video/Trailer: Arknights: Endfield Open World RPG Global 21 d 12 h About the game: Arknights: Endfield is a real-time 3D RPG with strategic elements by HYPERGRYPH. Take up the role of the Protocol Field Recovery Department Endministrator, clear your assignments, and explore the frontiers. Global release date: 22 January 2026 Platforms: Android iOS PC Publisher: HYPERGRYPH Official website: Open in new window Gameplay video/Trailer: The Seven Deadly Sins: Origin Open World RPG Global 27 d 12 h About the game: The Seven Deadly Sins: Origin is an open-world anime RPG set in the universe of The Seven Deadly Sins. Step into the role of Prince Tristan of Liones and explore an open-world Britannia, as you embark on a journey to restore order to a world thrown into chaos by the collision of time and space. Global release date: 28 January 2026 Rumored Platforms: Android iOS Steam Publisher: Netmarble Official website: Open in new window Gameplay video/Trailer: Star Savior RPG Global 78 d 12 h About the game: When stars begin to fade, a new RPG arises to nurture the light to shine the cosmos once more. With the girls blessed by the power of the stars, what kind of future awaits us at the very end of the Journey? Guide your Star-kissed Saviors. Global release date: 20 March 2026 Rumored Regional release date:: 20 November 2025 ( KR ) Platforms: Android iOS PC Publisher: Studiobside Official website: Open in new window Gameplay video/Trailer: MONGIL: STAR DIVE Pokemon Style Global 84 d 13 h About the game: Dive into a world of wonder! A dazzling monster-taming Action RPG! Collect adorable monsters and complete your Monster Codex! Find and tame them all, and claim victory in battle using each monster's unique abilities! Global release date: 26 March 2026 Rumored Platforms: Android iOS PC Publisher: Netmarble Official website: Open in new window Gameplay video/Trailer: See more upcoming games How Prydwen helps you become a better player Beginner and advanced guides Knowledge is power and Prydwen teaches you what to do (or what not to do) in order to gain advantage over other players. Character reviews Gacha games revolve about collecting characters and Prydwen helps you use them in an optimal way. Tier lists and meta analysis Whether you are a meta slave or a collector, playing any gacha game without a good tier list makes everything harder. News and updates Stay up to date with any patch notes, new content or other important updates. Stats and data Prydwen gathers a lot of stats and data about characters and uses them to optimize your game play. Tools and calculators Prydwen develops tools that allow you test and simulate various things without wasting resources in game. Prydwen in numbers 2 100 000+ Unique visitors each month. 45 000 000+ Page views generated every month. 72 000+ Discord users who joined our Community. 18 Gacha games supported. Become a part of the Prydwen community Meet the team on Discord Join the ever-growing community on our Discord (over 70000 members) and meet the team! Join our community Discord Support Prydwen on Ko-Fi If you love what we are doing and you would like to support us, you can do it via Ko-Fi and gain some unique benefits in return! Support us on Ko-Fi Prydwen.gg provides news, tier lists and detailed guides for Honkai: Star Rail, Counter Side, NIKKE, Limbus Company, Zenless Zone Zero, Reverse 1999 and other gacha games. Everything you need in one place! Prydwen Institute Home Blog Contact us Social Media Discord Twitter Supported Games AFK Journey Arknights: Endfield Chaos Zero Nightmare Counter Side Etheria: Restart Eversoul GoV: NIKKE Honkai: Star Rail Limbus Company Lost Sword Neverness To Everness Persona 5X Reverse: 1999 Silver and Blood Wuthering Waves Zenless Zone Zero Privacy Policy Copyright © 2025 Prydwen.gg