PSC | Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center About Staff Careers Giving Resources Allocations Anton Bridges-2 Bridges-2 User Guide Neocortex Software Training & Education Research AI & Big Data Biomedical Applications Networking Services Consulting Services 3ROX Collaborations News & Events News Calendar Select Page Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center Enabling discovery since 1986 PSC 2025 Year in Review Science, workshops, awards, new hardware and more. Read More HPCwire Awards PSC Research on HIV and Failed Stars Simulations on NSF-Funded Bridges-2 Supercomputer and Others Lead to Discovery, Characterization of Failed Stars; Granted “Best Use of HPC in Physical Sciences” at 22nd Annual HPCwire Awards Read More The PSC Learning Lab Launches! Discover PSC’s New Self-Paced Learning Resources to Support Your HPC Journey Learn More Surprising Electrical Charge Shifts Reveal Better Target for Immune Therapies Simulations on Anton Supercomputer Hosted at PSC Show How Critical Immune Protein Interaction May Be Disrupted Read More New Tool Details Millions of Stars in Neighboring Galaxies Using BEAST Analytical Tool Running on Bridges-2, Multinational Team Analyzes Millions of Distant Stars at Once Read More AI Helps Scientists Correct Mistakes in Medical Studies Bridges-2 Powers AI Training to Help Researchers Identify Missing Steps in Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trials Read More We are looking to expand our team! Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center, or PSC, is a joint computational research center with Carnegie Mellon University and University of Pittsburgh. Join us as we continue to enable scientific discovery since 1986! view open positions Consider a gift to PSC! Your gift helps support research and education initiatives that can change the world. Give Now Recent News from PSC 2025 Year in Review by Chris Csonka | Dec 19, 2025 | Anniversary , Features With the cold and snowy weather of December, we know that the winter holidays are nearly upon us, and the new year will soon follow. Now’s the perfect time to reflect on all the PSC stories and events of 2025. Computer Sims Reveal Cause of Dangerous Heart Rhythm by Ken Chiacchia | Dec 18, 2025 | Anniversary , Anton , Anton 3 , Science Highlights Simulations with Anton at PSC Show How Positive-Negative Pairing in Protein Is Broken, Opening A Membrane Channel Too Soon that may Contribute to Atrial Fibrillation New Data Tool Speeds Scientists’ Use of Massive Cosmic Simulation by Ken Chiacchia | Dec 4, 2025 | Anniversary , Bridges-2 , Science Highlights Designed by PSC and McWilliams Center Scientists, COSMO Allows Researchers to Interact Quickly with Vast Sim of Early Universe Accelerate your research on Bridges-2, our flagship supercomputer Learn More Our featured projects PSC maintains advanced infrastructure to support computation-heavy research in areas such as: data analytics, machine learning, bimolecular simulation, AI and deep learning, and provides access to the national cyberinfrastructure community of resources. HuBMAP The Human BioMolecular Atlas Program is developing the tools to create an open, global atlas of the human body at the cellular level. View Project Neocortex Neocortex unlocks interactive AI development for rapidly evolving research and democratizes access to game-changing compute power . View Project Anton National Anton Resource for biomolecular simulation, enabling investigations of important biological phenomena . Learn More ACCESS ACCESS is e xpanding the national research cyberinfrastructure ecosystem to include more researchers, scholars and scientific domains. Learn more Bridges 2 Bridges-2 provides transformative capability for rapidly evolving, computation-intensive and data-intensive research, creating opportunities for collaboration and convergence research. Learn More Want to help further our research? Support the next big discovery or inspire the next class of great thinkers with a gift to our center. GIVE ONLINE Recent News from PSC 2025 Year in Review by Chris Csonka | Dec 19, 2025 | Anniversary , Features With the cold and snowy weather of December, we know that the winter holidays are nearly upon us, and the new year will soon follow. Now’s the perfect time to reflect on all the PSC stories and events of 2025. Computer Sims Reveal Cause of Dangerous Heart Rhythm by Ken Chiacchia | Dec 18, 2025 | Anniversary , Anton , Anton 3 , Science Highlights Simulations with Anton at PSC Show How Positive-Negative Pairing in Protein Is Broken, Opening A Membrane Channel Too Soon that may Contribute to Atrial Fibrillation New Data Tool Speeds Scientists’ Use of Massive Cosmic Simulation by Ken Chiacchia | Dec 4, 2025 | Anniversary , Bridges-2 , Science Highlights Designed by PSC and McWilliams Center Scientists, COSMO Allows Researchers to Interact Quickly with Vast Sim of Early Universe View more news Accelerate your research on Bridges-2, our newest supercomputer Learn More Our Featured Projects PSC maintains advanced infrastructure to support computation-heavy research in areas in: data analytics, machine learning, bimolecular simulation, AI and deep learning, and provides access to the national cyberinfrastructure community of resources. HuBMAP The Human BioMolecular Atlas Program is developing the tools to create an open, global atlas of the human body at the cellular level. Learn More Neocortex Neocortex unlocks interactive AI development for rapidly evolving research and democratizes access to game-changing compute power . View project Anton 2 Anton 2 is a special purpose supercomputer for biomolecular simulation enabling investigations of important biological phenomena . Learn More ACCESS The ACCESS program provides an entry to the national research cyberinfrastructure ecosystem for researchers and scholars in all scientific domains. Learn More Bridges 2 Bridges-2 provides transformative capability for rapidly evolving, computation-intensive and data-intensive research, creating opportunities for collaboration and convergence research. Learn More Want to help further our research? Support the next big discovery or inspire the next class of great thinkers with a gift to our center. GIVE ONLINE Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center 300 S. Craig St. Pittsburgh, PA 15213 Phone: 412.268.4960 About Us Calendar PSC Staff Careers Giving Contact Us Bridges-2 Anton Neocortex Facebook X © 2024 Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center, a joint computational research center with Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh.