Paul Scherrer Institute PSI Skip to main content PSI Centers & Labs close Center & Labs To overview PSI Center for Neutron and Muon Sciences PSI Center for Neutron and Muon Sciences To overview Laboratory for Particle Physics Laboratory for Neutron Scattering and Imaging Laboratory for Muon Spin Spectroscopy Laboratory for Neutron and Muon Instrumentation Laboratory for Multiscale Materials Experiments PSI Center for Photon Science PSI Center for Photon Science To overview Laboratory for Macromolecules and Bioimaging Laboratory for X-ray Nanoscience and Technologies Laboratory Condensed Matter Laboratory for Synchrotron Radiation and Femtochemistry Laboratory for Advanced Spectroscopy and X-ray Sources Laboratory for Non-linear Optics Laboratory for Nano and Quantum Technologies PSI Center for Energy and Environmental Sciences PSI Center for Energy and Environmental Sciences To overview Laboratory for Sustainable Energy Carriers and Processes Electrochemistry Laboratory Laboratory of Atmospheric Chemistry Laboratory for Catalysis and Sustainable Chemistry Laboratory for Energy Systems Analysis Laboratory for Battery Science PSI Center for Nuclear Engineering and Sciences PSI Center for Nuclear Engineering and Sciences To overview Laboratory for Reactor Physics and Thermal-Hydraulics Hot Laboratory Laboratory for Waste Management Laboratory for Energy Systems Analysis Laboratory for Nuclear Materials Laboratory of Radiochemistry PSI Center for Life Sciences PSI Center for Life Sciences To overview Center for Radiopharmaceutical Sciences Laboratory of Biomolecular Research Laboratory of Multiscale Bioimaging PSI Center for Scientific Computing, Theory and Data PSI Center for Scientific Computing, Theory and Data To overview Laboratory for Simulation and Modelling Computational and Theoretical Physics Laboratory for Materials Simulations Science IT Infrastructure and Services PSI Center for Accelerator Science and Engineering PSI Center for Accelerator Science and Engineering To overview Accelerator Operation and Development (ASA) Electronics and Control Systems (AEK) Accelerator Technology (ABT) PSI Center for Corporate Services PSI Center for Corporate Services To overview Finanzen und Dienste Immobilien und Betrieb Infrastruktur und Elektroinstallationen Informationstechnologie Abteilung Strahlenschutz und Sicherheit Kommunikation Labs, Groups & Projects Search Facilities & User Services close Large Research Facilities Large Research Facilities To overview SwissFEL – Swiss X-ray Free Electron Laser SLS – Swiss Light Source SINQ – Swiss Spallation Neutron Source SμS – Swiss Muon Source CHRISP – Swiss Research Infrastructure for Particle Physics User Office User Office To overview Data Analysis Service Digital User Office (DUO) EU support programmes Methods at the PSI User Facilities PSI Guest House Proposal Deadlines Proposals for Beam Time PSI Home Jobs Persons Contact us PSI Shop English Language Deutsch English Français Italiano Search close About PSI About PSI To overview close PSI in brief Strategy & guiding principles The history of PSI Organisational structure Advisory Board Research Committee Key figures of PSI Business Reports The people at PSI Directory For the media Contact for the media Media Releases Contact Paul Scherrer Institute PSI Forschungsstrasse 111 5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland +41 56 310 21 11 Contact form Useful links How to find us Research Research To overview close Main areas of research Future Technologies Energy and Climate Health Innovation Fundamentals of Nature Large Research Facilities SwissFEL – Swiss X-ray Free Electron Laser SLS – Swiss Light Source Neutronenquelle SINQ Myonenquelle SμS CHRISP – Swiss Research Infrastructure for Particle Physics Further Facilities Centers & Labs User Office Facilities & Access Safety & Data Your stay at PSI PSI Guest House Large-scale projects and initiatives SLS 2.0 IMPACT ESI Platform Quantum Technologies Collaboration at PSI (QTC@PSI) Joint Initiatives PSI FELLOW Program Contact Paul Scherrer Institute PSI Forschungsstrasse 111 5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland +41 56 310 21 11 Contact form Useful links How to find us Ethics & Research integrity PSI Facility Newsletter Scientific publications (DORA) Industry Industry To overview close Cooperation with companies Principles of cooperation Access to PSI's large research facilities Success stories Entrepreneurship & Spin-offs PSI Founder Fellowship Support our Entrepreneurs! Spin-offs Overview of our spin-offs Licensing Principles Meet the Team Industry News Park Innovaare About Park Innovaare Why Park Innovaare for your company? Contact John Millard Head of Technology Transfer +41 56 310 41  83 john.millard@psi.ch Useful links How to find us Follow Industry (LinkedIn) Proton Therapy Proton Therapy To overview close Types of cancer we treat What is proton therapy? Protons for Babies and Children Patients & Family Members Physicians & referrers Research & Development Contact Patient Office Tel: +41 56 310 35 21 Tel: +41 56 310 35 24 protonentherapie@psi.ch Prof. Dr. Damien Charles Weber Head and Chairman +41 56 310 35 24 damien.weber@psi.ch Useful links How to find us Sito web italiano sulla protonterapia Member of Primo Medico Career & Education Career & Education To overview close PSI as an employer Personnel Policy Respect Equal Opportunities Career Center Corporate Social Responsibility Job Opportunities Applying at PSI Social Benefits Further benefits Further Positions in the ETH Domain Research career at PSI Matriculation projects Bachelor's and Master's theses Summer Student Programme PhD Students and Postdocs Tenure Track Parenthood KiTa Nanolino Childcare Vocational Training Apprenticeships Trial apprenticeships Application Contact Training and further education Courses for external Courses for internal Infrastructure Quality Contact Human Resources Management +41 56 310 31 00 hr@psi.ch Useful links How to find us News & Events News & Events To overview close News Future Technologies Energy and Climate Health Innovation Fundamentals of Nature Large Research Facilities Events Scientific Events Social Media PSI Community Guidelines Publications 5232 — The magazine of the PSI PSI Energy Compass Brochures Business Reports Scientific publications (DORA) Media library Video series For the media Media Releases Contact for the media Contact Paul Scherrer Institute PSI Forschungsstrasse 111 5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland +41 56 310 21 11 Contact form Useful links How to find us Visit PSI Visit PSI To overview close About us Latest news Donors & Partners PSI Visitor Center Visit the researchers Exhibition 3D cinema Guided tours Offer for groups Public tours Offers for school classes Primary Level Upper Secondary level I Upper Secondary level II Berufswahlparcours Plan your visit Opening hours Directions Catering Information material & merchandise Brochures Working material Photos & Videos PSI Shop Contact PSI Visitor Center +41 56 310 21 00 visitorcenter@psi.ch PSI iLab +41 56 310 55 40 ilab@psi.ch Useful links How to find us PSI Shop PSI Home Jobs Persons Contact us PSI Shop English Language Deutsch English Français Italiano Search Lorenz Moser is an electrical engineer at PSI. For the upgrade project SLS 2.0, his work on the beam position monitor – the system that watches over the electron beam while the particles are being accelerated – was indispensable. © Paul Scherrer Institute PSI/Markus Fischer 29.12.2025 • Large research facilities • 8 min Engineering skill and perseverance Credit for the on-time completion of the major SLS 2.0 upgrade project is due in part to a team of dedicated electrical engineers. Read more 23.12.2025 • 1 min Kelvin: The low-temperature scale The art of engineering means, first of all, the skill required to design and manufacture devices that enable top technical performance. This gallery shows, in five pictures, that this term can also be understood differently if the devices are regarded as works of art with their very own aesthetic, apart from their actual function. Read more 17.12.2025 • Future Technologies • 8 min “Collaboration is particularly important in quantum research” PSI researcher Kirsten Moselund talks about quantum technologies – about their importance and the current situation in Switzerland. And about her own research in the field of nanophotonics. Read more From laser light to snowflake: This magnetic structure was created at PSI using an industrial laser – not for decoration, but as a demonstration of precise material modification with potential for data storage, AI, and photonics. © Paul Scherrer Institute PSI / Aleš Hrabec, Lauren Riddiford, Jeffrey Brock 09.12.2025 • Future Technologies • 9 min Laser draws made-to-order magnetic landscapes Researchers at PSI have found a surprisingly inexpensive and fast method to make localised alterations in magnetic materials. Read more Microtubules in action – these dynamic protein filaments form the structural framework of the cell and actively participate in signal transmission. © Paul Scherrer Institute PSI/Monika Blétry 08.12.2025 • Health Innovation • 9 min How microtubules take part in cellular signal processing Researchers at PSI have investigated on the molecular level how the cytoskeleton transmits commands within the cell. Their findings could provide the medical field with new options for intervention in the event of malfunctions within the organism. Read more The Insel Group and the Paul Scherrer Institute PSI are expanding their collaboration and creating an optimised range of treatments for patients with eye tumours. © Paul Scherrer Institute PSI/Markus Fischer 08.12.2025 • Health Innovation • 3 min Optimising the treatment of eye tumours The Insel Group and PSI are expanding their collaboration to provide faster and better coordinated access to proton therapy for patients with eye tumours. Read more PSI Frontpage New Welcome to PSI, the largest research institute for natural and engineering sciences in Switzerland. More about PSI Recent highlights from our research Show filters All Future Technologies Energy and Climate Health Innovation Fundamentals of Nature Large research facilities 28.11.2025 • Future Technologies • 9 min X-rays bring high-resolution brain mapping within reach Further information about SLS Further information about Biology Further information about SLS 2.0 Further information about Neurosciences A new imaging breakthrough could reveal brain connectivity in 3D detail never before accessible. Read more 27.11.2025 • Energy and Climate • 7 min Clean biogas – measurable everywhere Further information about Energy transition Further information about Renewable Energies Further information about Climate A new analytical method can detect even tiny amounts of critical impurities. Read more 24.11.2025 • Future Technologies • 6 min Swiss PIC technology transfer centre is inaugurated Further information about Industry Relations Further information about Quantum research Further information about Nanotechnology Jointly founded by scientific and industrial partners with PSI researchers: the Swiss Photonics Integration Center celebrated its inauguration on 24 November 2025. Read more Overview Themes in focus Advanced Computing Rethinking computation – PSI is advancing research with clever algorithms, machine learning and quantum-based models. Read more Topic cloud Biology Medical Science SLS Chemistry Industry Relations Quantum research Batteries Mobility Energy transition Materials research SwissFEL People Nanotechnology Proton therapy Nuclear energy SINQ Neurosciences SLS 2.0 Renewable Energies Climate All topics in the newsroom 5232 — The magazine of the Paul Scherrer Institute PSI Quantum: the intricate shape of the future #02/2025 Download PDF Subscribe to our magazine Current upgrade projects and research initiatives Upgrade project IMPACT More intense muons for research and more radionuclides for targeted tumour therapy Read more Upgrade project  SLS 2.0 Even better X-ray light for cutting-edge research Read more Test platform ESI New pathways to the energy system of the future Read more Overview Together with industry to innovation 27.10.2025 • Energy and Climate • 4 min Advancing nuclear technologies Further information about Industry Relations Further information about Nuclear energy NUKEM and Paul Scherrer Institute Sign Memorandum of Understanding to Advance Nuclear Research and Collaboration. Read more 30.07.2025 • Future Technologies • 8 min Zinc detected in clogged syringes Further information about Materials research Further information about SLS Further information about Medical Science Further information about Industry Relations With the help of researchers at PSI, ANAXAM has been investigating, on behalf of the pharmaceutical company MSD, whether zinc may contribute to clogging of pre-filled syringes. Read more 27.05.2025 • Future Technologies • 5 min ESA Centre of Excellence opens in Switzerland Further information about Space Further information about Industry Relations Further information about Quantum research Further information about Data Science Further information about Materials research The opening ceremony of the “European Space Deep-Tech Innovation Centre” ESDI brought together distinguished guests. Read more More industry news Center for Proton Therapy Cancer treatment with protons Here we use the spot-scanning technique, also known as Pencil Beam Scanning, to treat cancer patients suffering from tumours. Read more The people at PSI 27.08.2025 • Future Technologies • 9 min PSI’s cement whisperer Further information about People Further information about Materials research Further information about Chemistry Further information about Climate Further information about Nuclear energy John Provis has dedicated his research career to a building material that is far more exciting than you might think. Read more 27.03.2025 • Health Innovation • 9 min Creating circuit diagrams of the brain Further information about Biology Further information about Medical Science Further information about Neurosciences Further information about People Adrian Wanner aims to map the brain’s architecture. Doing this will allow us to better understand neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s. Read more 28.02.2025 • Fundamentals of Nature • 9 min With pad, pencil, and algorithms Further information about People Physicist Dominik Sidler is developing fundamental theories for previously inexplicable phenomena. Read more More about Working at PSI Show filters All Administration Apprenticeship positions Miscellaneous Doctoral Engineering / Laboratory IT / Information Technology Internship Postdoctoral Science 23.12.2025 • Miscellaneous • 8142-25883 • 100% Master Thesis Placement in Data acquisition system design for the TATTOOS target test lab Read more 23.12.2025 • Praktika • 1350-25885 • 100% Praktikant*in Career Center Read more 23.12.2025 • Diverses • 9625-00 • 100% Gruppenleitung Sicherheitsanalysen Read more All Jobs PSI on social media Zero Kelvin or minus 273.15 degrees Celsius: nothing can get colder than that. Research at PSI uses cold in a wide variety of areas and sometimes comes very close to this limit. Cold is used, for… Swiss quantum researchers need stable EU cooperation, says PSI researcher Kirsten Moselund.

✨ As the International Year of Quantum Science and Technology 2025 draws to an end, Moselund gives an… Happy holiday season from PSI! 🎄✨

❄️ Needle-thin crystals, quantum insights

The needle-shaped single crystals in the photo are made of a metal-organic material, in which Cu²⁺ ions carry magnetic… Season’s greetings from PSI! 🎄✨

❄️ A window into ultracold neutrons 

Shown here is the support grid for a very special “window”: together with an ultra-thin aluminium foil, it forms the window… Large scale facilities like the Swiss Light Source SLS and the Swiss X-ray Free Electron Laser SwissFEL at PSI Paul Scherrer Institute are essential for uncovering how next-generation quantum… Der Weihnachtszauber ist in der Kita Nanolino ausgebrochen!✨

Unsere Nanolino-Kinder haben die Innenräume mit viel Kreativität und einem weihnachtlichen Glanz geschmückt. 🎄⭐️
In den liebevoll… 🧲 Laser writes magnetic structures – with potential for data storage, AI, and more. What happens when you use a high-tech laser system for something entirely different than originally intended? That… Microtubules: More than just support – they actively control cellular processes! Microtubules are the central protein strands of the cytoskeleton. 

This not only supports every cell but also… What happens to materials like metals and ceramics on a microscopic level when they are exposed to extremely harsh radiation conditions? 🤔 
 
This is the question that the STIP programme sought to… Ring tour #three! 

Third stop around the SLS ring to check who else has got the light in this first phase of the SLS return, following the major SLS 2.0 upgrade of the Swiss Light Source to a… Zurab Guguchia applies pressure to create new material properties. The PSI researcher is exploring quantum materials that conduct electricity without losses ⚡ or exhibit magnetic and electronic… Scientists at the #SwissLightSource #SLS have succeeded in mapping a piece of brain tissue 🧠 in 3D at unprecedented resolution using X-rays – non-destructively. The breakthrough overcomes a long… Did you know? 🧐 Tiny impurities in biogas can cause big problems! Researchers Ayush Agarwal and Christian Ludwig at PSI Paul Scherrer Institute have now developed an analytical method that can for… For our German speakers: ✨Berufswahl mal anders!

Damit auch künftige Generationen entdecken können, wie vielseitig und spannend eine Ausbildung am PSI ist, haben wir ein neues Format entwickelt: den… The cheese-noodle method in the fight against Alzheimer's. When proteins in the brain accumulate and form thread-like deposits, they trigger diseases like Alzheimer's or Parkinson's. How can the body… Weltkindertag am Paul Scherrer Institut PSI! 😊🌟

Heute feiern wir den Weltkindertag, der uns daran erinnert, wie wichtig es ist, Kindern Raum für Entfaltung, Neugier und Mitbestimmung zu geben.
… For our German-speaking followers: Am #NationalZukunftstag öffnete das PSI Paul Scherrer Institut seine Tore für interessierte Kinder!

An abwechslungsreichen Posten erhielten die Jungen und Mädchen… ⚛️ Qubits are sensitive. 🫠 The fundamental units of quantum computers react to even the smallest disturbances. PSI researchers are developing new ways to make them more stable and longer-lasting.

💎… How do quantum materials really respond to light? 🤔 The answer is complex – and a new study from SwissFEL reveals it’s even more so than previously thought. 💡

Researchers from Aarhus University used… Materials Science, Data and Software vs Radiation Protection and Safety

Draw your PhD, they said. It’ll be fun, they said. 

We paired researchers from totally different fields, swapped their… How do we foster a team culture where everyone feels safe to openly share their ideas?  Prof. Dr. Heidi Möller explored this question in her webinar about psychological safety held on October 28th… Computational Fluid Dynamics vs Proton Therapy

Draw your PhD, they said. It’ll be fun, they said. 

We paired researchers from totally different fields, swapped their doodles, and let the guessing… ⏱️ Slowing down time – in the quantum simulator

PSI researcher Cornelius Hempel uses quanta to perform calculations on quantum phenomena. Together with his team, he has developed a quantum… 🎃💡 Power off… Power on!

Vom müden Kürbis zur hellen Nacht – am PSI wird’s energiegeladen!

Begleite uns auf einer Führung durch die Energieforschung und entdecke unsere Energiespiele rund um die… Nuclear Systems Simulation vs Condensed Matter Theory

Draw your PhD, they said. It’ll be fun, they said. 

We paired researchers from totally different fields, swapped their doodles, and let the… Read more PSI in numbers 2300 Employees at PSI are working on the world of tomorrow. 5 PSI operates five particle accelerator-based large research facilities. 64 In a total of 64 centres, labs and groups, we conduct research into pressing societal issues. 3000 Every year, around 3000 researchers from all over the world carry out experiments at our facilities. Read more For the media Media Releases Contact media centre PSI in brief PSI in numbers Research PSI Center Highlights Facilities User Office PSI Guest House Industry Contact Persons PSI Spin-offs Cooperations Career Job Opportunities Working at PSI Vocational Training Courses at PSI Visit Individual visit For school classes PSI Gastronomy How to find us Paul Scherrer Institute PSI Forschungsstrasse 111 5232 Villigen PSI Switzerland +41 56 310 21 11 Contact form Personal Directory Imprint Terms and conditions / Privacy policy Editors' Login © 2025 PSI