PSI | Test development, multi-modal delivery & security Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Skip to content Test prep store Become a test center Careers An ETS company Test takers Close Test takers Open Test takers Find Your Test Test Taker Support Test Taker Resources Test Taker Blog Test Prep Store Why PSI Close Why PSI Open Why PSI Overview Test Development Test Preparation Global Test Delivery Multi-Modal Testing Test Center Network Online Proctoring Test Taker Experience Grow Your Program Test Security Markets We Serve Certification Admissions Awarding Organizations Government Healthcare IT Professional Associations Federal Military Licensure Barber & Cosmetology Construction Insurance Real Estate Higher Education PSI Programs HiSET® Skills for English™ Products Close Products Open Products Test Security Audits & Investigations Targeted audits, surprise inspections, and mystery shopper visits to uncover vulnerabilities and fraud risks. Data Forensics & Web Crawling Statistical analysis of testing data to identify anomalies, with website and social media monitoring. Risk Assessment & Incident Response Identify key vulnerabilities, critical assets, and potential threat actors across your assessment lifecycle. About Close About Open About Company Customer Stories News & Press Releases Events & Webinars Careers Leadership Team Office Locations Latest Insights Podcast | December 18, 2025 Evolving competency models to shape the future of certification Blog | December 16, 2025 Flexible test development: Supporting your AI journey at your pace Podcast | December 4, 2025 Reimagining smart exam development Blog | December 2, 2025 Building secure AI test development workflows: What programs need to know Knowledge hub Close Knowledge hub Open Knowledge hub Blog Podcast Resources Americas APAC EMEA Contact Us Dreams... Deserve the best test day the best test partner PSI Dreams... Deserve PSI PSI powers world leading tests. Delivered with trusted science and the very best test taker experience. PSI, your trusted testing partner. I'M A TEST TAKER I'M A TEST TAKER I'M A TEST OWNER I'M A TEST OWNER Science, technology and expertise We care about your organization, your testing programs and your test takers. Our unwavering focus on the test taker starts with rigorous exam development and continues through flexible test delivery and robust test security. Test development Expert design, rigorous development and world-class psychometrics. For tests that are reliable, accurate and fair. Test delivery Innovative testing through global proctored exam testing centers, remote testing, online proctoring solutions and multi-modal testing. Test taker experience From test design to test day support and everything in between. We focus all our efforts on the test taker. Test security Protect integrity with secure testing. Driven by proven science, cutting-edge technology and decades of experience. Grow your programs Expertise, innovative approaches and disruptive technology. Grow your programs with effective strategies and tools. A testing partner that delivers Partnership No one knows your business or your test takers better than you. That's why we listen, we collaborate, and we deliver. Test taker experience Exceed expectations. Delivering an exceptional experience is at the heart of everything we do. Adaptability We think creatively and offer flexibility to meet your individual needs. Work with us. Customer service Accountability and outstanding service. For you and your test takers. Accuracy What you do matters. We focus on what’s needed to deliver a fair and accurate test. Ease Trouble-free frictionless testing. Protect your reputation and reduce pressure on your team. Success stories “PSI has been a great fit for us. They listen, they lead, and they help us focus on what matters most: delivering a high-quality certification experience.” Melissa Opp Exam and Operations Manager, NCHEC View Case Study “We knew PSI would continue to be a great partner to help support the development of this new certification . I don’t think we would have even thought about going anywhere else, because we already have such a great relationship with PSI for test development .” Amy Grand Director of Certification and Accreditation, BCEN View Case Study "I would underscore that PSI was consistently committed to meeting our deadlines through the many challenges of a pandemic. It’s impressive how dedicated they were to see the project through and get the job done during a period of unforeseen roadblocks." Jeff Oboyski Assistant Commissioner, Licensing, California Department of Real Estate View Case Study "This [hybrid insurance exam] is revolutionary for the insurance industry , both from a regulatory standpoint and for PSI’s online proctoring itself." Jeff Baughman Producer Licensing & Oversight Program Manager, WA State OIC View Case Study "We’re growing rapidly , and the partnership with PSI has enabled that to happen." Grant Aldrich CEO and Founder, OnlineDegree.com View Case Study "We wanted a partner who can deliver exams anywhere, anytime without someone having to go to a physical testing center. The gap in the market was ‘access’ and PSI was committed to delivering exams in real time, online." Clyde Seepersad General Manager of Training & Certification, The Linux Foundation View Case Study "This is an ongoing partnership with PSI which will evolve and improve as we each learn more about our respective markets and skill sets. We are looking to move more of our exams to an anytime, anywhere model. This allows us to continue to put the learner, irrespective of their age, at the center of our plans ." Helen Coleman Chief Operating Officer, ABRSM View Case Study "I have tremendously enjoyed working with PSI. They have been a very responsive partner, always working to improve the customer experience, innovating at every step . I continue to be impressed by how responsive they are to client needs." ISACA View Case Study " PSI is always willing to do the right thing . It gives me the confidence I need that they really understand what we as an organization are trying to do and how we want our candidates to feel." Kristen Thomas Certification Manager, AACN View Case Study "I think PSI will be at the forefront of emerging technology . As the testing industry has changed over the last 30 years, if you’re not at the forefront you’re not going to survive." Lori Tinkler Chief Executive Officer, NBRC View Case Study " PSI has helped us develop the way that we test at the campus level, and that’s really built our business since 2010." Ben Price CEO, National Board of Surgical Technology and Surgical Assisting View Case Study English proficiency tests for work, study and residency Skills for English tests are approved by the Home Office for UK visa applications and widely accepted by educational institutions for academic admissions. The Future Starts Here The first step toward earning a High School Equivalency credential, recognized by every U.S. state, territory and jurisdiction. Knowledge Hub VIEW ALL Blog | December 16, 2025 Flexible test development: Supporting your AI journey at your pace Podcast | December 4, 2025 Reimagining smart exam development Blog | December 2, 2025 Building secure AI test development workflows: What programs need to know Podcast | November 25, 2025 Exploring workplace English assessment Blog | November 11, 2025 90 days, 6 exams, zero disruption: Inside ACRP’s seamless testing transition Podcast | November 6, 2025 Transforming professional education: AI, innovation, and the future of learning Blog | October 28, 2025 6 top tips to recruit and retain a representative group of SMEs in test development Podcast | October 23, 2025 Beyond multiple choice: How in-application testing and AI are redefining digital skills Blog | October 14, 2025 Raising the bar for state insurance license exam security Podcast | October 2, 2025 Rethinking maintenance of certification: Innovation, culture, and the future of credentialing Partner with us Whatever your testing needs, our friendly, experienced team is here to provide guidance and answer your questions.​ contact us test takers Find your test Test taker support Test taker resources Test taker blog Test prep store Knowledge Hub Blog Podcast Resources Why PSI Test development Global test delivery Test taker experience Grow your program Test security Certification Licensure Federal Military PSI programs About PSI Customer stories News & press releases Events & webinars Careers Leadership team Office locations Become a test center Join our newsletter to stay tuned with the latest insights Get in touch Whether you're a test taker or test owner, find answers to your questions. ©2025 PSI Services LLC, All Rights Reserved. PSI is an ETS Company. Legal & Compliance Privacy Accessibility Follow us Linkedin-in Search What are you looking for? Test Takers Find Your Test Test Taker Support Test Taker Resources Test Taker Blog Test Prep Store Why PSI Overview Test Development Test Preparation Global Test Delivery Multi-Modal Testing Test Center Network Online Proctoring Test Taker Experience Grow Your Program Test Security Markets We Serve Certification Admissions Awarding Organizations Government Healthcare IT Professional Associations Federal Military Licensure Barber & Cosmetology Construction Insurance Real Estate Higher Education PSI Programs HiSET® Skills for English™ Products Test Security Audits & Investigations Targeted audits, surprise inspections, and mystery shopper visits to uncover vulnerabilities and fraud risks. Data Forensics & Web Crawling Statistical analysis of testing data to identify anomalies, with website and social media monitoring. Risk Assessment & Incident Response Identify key vulnerabilities, critical assets, and potential threat actors across your assessment lifecycle. About Company Customer Stories News & Press Releases Events & Webinars Careers Leadership Team Office Locations Latest Insights Podcast | December 18, 2025 Evolving competency models to shape the future of certification Blog | December 16, 2025 Flexible test development: Supporting your AI journey at your pace Podcast | December 4, 2025 Reimagining smart exam development Blog | December 2, 2025 Building secure AI test development workflows: What programs need to know Knowledge hub Blog Podcast Resources Test prep store Become a test center Careers Contact Us An ETS company