Home - Pacific Standard Search News in Brief Economics Education Environment Social Justice Features & Investigations Ideas Audio Facebook LinkedIn Instagram X About Impact CONTACT PITCHING CAREERS TERMS OF USE News in Brief Economics Education Environment Social Justice Features & Investigations Ideas Audio NEWS IN BRIEF News in Brief Ideology Can Skew Our Views on the Healthiness of Food News in Brief This Congress Has Made More Progress on Early Gun Bills Than Any Other in the Last 10 Years Footnotes News in Brief Reporting, Quickly India’s Clampdown on Kashmir Threatens Afghanistan Peace Negotiations News in Brief Commuting Past Fast Food Restaurants Is Linked to Obesity, According to New Research News in Brief How Much Longer Can Venezuela’s Neighboring Countries Handle the Refugee Crisis? News in Brief Lessons From the BP Oil Spill: A Reading List Footnotes From the Archives News in Brief After a Weekend of Deadly Shootings, Republicans Offer Renewed Support for Red Flag Laws News in Brief Lockouts and Train Blocks: An Update on the Coal Country Protests News in Brief Domestic Disputes Are More Likely to Turn Deadly in Cities Where Guns Are Easy to Obtain THE LATEST Environment How Much Can Dietary Changes and Food Production Practices Help Mitigate Climate Change? Food policy experts weigh in on the possibilities of individual diet choices and sustainable production methods. Kelley Czajka Social Justice Unseen America Las Manos Jóvenes Que Nos Alimentan Se calcula que 524,000 niños trabajan inimaginables largas horas en los agotadores campos agrícolas de Estados Unidos, y todo es perfectamente legal. Karen Coates & Valeria Fernández Book Previews Books Ideas Twenty-Five Must-Read Books for Fall of 2019 Our staffers and contributors highlight the most urgent and exciting titles coming this fall—from fiction to non-fiction, poetry to prose. Pacific Standard Staff Social Justice ‘People Are Being Killed Like Flies’: Denied Asylum in the U.S., Cameroonians Fear Increasing Violence Back Home Martin fled Cameroon when security forces imprisoned his father and started regularly raiding Anglophone villages. The U.S. government might send him back. Isabela Dias Social Justice Outer Space Treaties Didn’t Anticipate the Privatization of Space Travel. Can They Be Enforced? If human civilization begins to expand into space, will colonists feel loyalty to their country, their planet, or Elon Musk? Kate Wheeling Social Justice The Fault in Our Star Names The International Astronomical Union has established a committee to finalize a list of official star names. Some companies offer unofficial naming rights for purchase. But the voices of certain communities are often left behind. Ben Rowen Social Justice The Farms of the Future Were Built for Outer Space. Will They Work on Earth? It will be years until NASA is ready for a journey to the red planet, but if Earth continues to suffer from climate change, Mars could come to us. Emily Moon Ideas PS Picks: Yaeji’s Cutting Commentary on Beauty Routines PS Picks is a selection of the best things that the magazine's staff and contributors are reading, watching, or otherwise paying attention to in the worlds of art, politics, and culture. Alexa Lee Environment Ideas Can Live Theater Help Spur Climate Action? This year's Ojai Playwrights Conference tackled the existential threat of climate change. Tom Jacobs TOP STORIES Articles Audio Social Justice Unseen America The Young Hands That Feed Us Articles Audio Social Justice Unseen America Educational Fight or Flight Articles Audio Social Justice Unseen America Searching for Savanna Articles Audio Social Justice Unseen America Losing the News Ideas Longform Narratives The Most Controversial Tree in the World Social Justice The Definition of ‘Refugee’ Is Out of Date. And It’s Leaving People Behind. Social Justice How Health Officials in Pro-Life States Are Quietly Dismantling Abortion Access Book Talk Books Ideas ‘Indigenous Writing Is Going to Continue to Set the Bar for Literary Excellence’: An Interview With Alicia Elliott and Arielle Twist Terese Marie Mailhot interviews Alicia Elliott and Arielle Twist about some recent triumphs in Indigenous literature—and about other triumphs still to come. Terese Marie Mailhot Social Justice What It’s Like to Get Reproductive Care at an Anti-Abortion, Anti-Contraception Clinic Changes to the Title X family planning programs have brought onboard a new kind of reproductive health clinic. What does that mean for patients? Francie Diep News in Brief Ideology Can Skew Our Views on the Healthiness of Food New research finds that marketing messages that are inconsistent with our values can lead us to view a food product as less healthy. Tom Jacobs News in Brief This Congress Has Made More Progress on Early Gun Bills Than Any Other in the Last 10 Years In the wake of a week of racist, terroristic mass shootings, here's a look at the status of the new firearms bills introduced at the beginning of the year. Francie Diep Footnotes News in Brief Reporting, Quickly India’s Clampdown on Kashmir Threatens Afghanistan Peace Negotiations Pakistani officials warn Indian military action on the border may derail Taliban–U.S. negotiations in Doha, Qatar. Christopher Jones & Dan Xin Huang News in Brief Commuting Past Fast Food Restaurants Is Linked to Obesity, According to New Research A new study suggests that passing the Golden Arches on your way to or from work can be destructive to your diet. Tom Jacobs Book Talk Books Ideas Jia Tolentino Talks to Samantha Irby About ‘Trick Mirror’ The New Yorker staff writer discusses her unpublished first novel, and why Americans are perennially obsessed with a good scam. Samantha Irby Social Justice Amid Its War on Fair Housing Protections, HUD Takes a Rare Aggressive Action Against Los Angeles HUD reached a deal with Los Angeles to improve disability access, but has left other discrimination cases unaddressed. Sophie Kasakove Social Justice ICE Denies Claims That It Detains Immigrants During Tragedies Like the El Paso Massacre Activists warn the practice of detaining people at courthouses and other government venues has discouraged immigrants from cooperating with authorities, even when they are victims of violent crimes. Massoud Hayoun © 2024 Grist About Impact CONTACT PITCHING CAREERS TERMS OF USE