Share your story and your science

Participate in APS’s social media video competition designed to bring the importance of psychological science to the public. Submit your video by January 12, 2026! 
Visit Page

News & Research 
Research Topics
Podcasts & Videos
Conventions & Events 
2026 APS Annual Convention
Webinars & Virtual Events
Past and Future Conventions
Journals 
Psychological Science
Current Directions in Psychological Science
Psychological Science in the Public Interest
Perspectives on Psychological Science
Clinical Psychological Science
Advances in Methods and Practices in Psychological Science
Advances in Psychological Science Open
Advocacy & Policy 
Policy & Position Statements
The Observer 
Archive
About the Observer
Advertising
Contact the Editor
Presidential Columns
Members 
Awards & Honors
Member Directory
Lifetime Members
Student Members
Teaching of Psychology
Donors
Career Resources 
Employment
About 
Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion
Board of Directors 2025-2026
Staff Directory
Ethics Policy & Code of Conduct
 LOGIN  JOIN APS 
Upcoming Events
15
JAN
Nominations Due for 2027 APS Lifetime Achievement Awards
 9:00 AM - 11:59 PM
Stand with Science. Shape Policy.

Explore the new APS Advocacy & Policy hub, your gateway to up-to-date policy statements, expert analysis, action tools, and resources to help psychological scientists engage meaningfully with legislation, funding decisions, and public discourse. Join us as we translate evidence into influence.

2026 APS Annual Convention
Learn more about the 2026 APS Annual Convention
Act Now: Share your Concerns with Your Representative and Senators

So far, in the early days of the second Trump Administration, the President has directed agencies to terminate some federal research funding programs, limit research funding by capping indirect rates paid to research institutions to support research infrastructure, fired federal scientists and research program managers, and worked to delete scientific data from government websites.

This kind of political interference with science is unacceptable and contrary to all that has contributed to scientific discovery and advancement in the United States.

As a scientist, you must work now to make certain that your members of Congress are aware of the effects these actions are having on their constituents (you), their congressional district and state.

Contact your representative

Podcast Archive

Under the Cortex is on hiatus and won’t be recording new episodes for the foreseeable future. Explore our archive of 150 episodes filled with scientific insights, stories from editors and researchers, and conversations worth revisiting again and again!

News and Research
2025 in Review: Revisiting Top Research From APS’s Journals

This year, psychological scientists tackled profound and varied questions to help us better understand ourselves and the world around us. 
Visit Page

Mitochondria May Be Missing Link Between Mental Health and Brain Function

The bean-shaped organelles are now being recognized for their part in immune signaling, stress responses, and neural functioning. 
Visit Page

From Those Who Admired Them: Lives Lost

Remarks from colleagues about a few of the psychological scientists we said goodbye to this year. 
Visit Page

APS Resources and Announcements
Advocacy & Policy

Stand with Science. Shape Policy.
Explore the new APS Advocacy & Policy hub—your gateway to up-to-date policy statements, expert analysis, action tools, and resources to help psychological scientists engage meaningfully with legislation, funding decisions, and public discourse. 
Visit Page

APS Commitment to Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion

Learn about APS’s commitment to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion in all areas of our leadership, membership, activities, staff, and field. 
Visit Page

Webinars & Virtual Events

Explore all of APS’s digital offerings, including Convention sessions and interviews, webinars, news podcasts, and more! 
Visit Page

APS Programs and Member Resources
APS Awards and Honors

Nominate a colleague by January 15 for one of APS’s prestigious lifetime awards. Nominations of members from underrepresented groups in psychological science are encouraged. 
Visit Page

Student Grant Competition

Submit by December 21st for “seed grant” funding to support your research in its development stages! 
Visit Page

Classroom Resources

These resources are made possible with the support of the APS Fund for Teaching and Public Understanding of Psychological Science. 
Visit Page

Teaching Psychological Science

Tap into a host of instructional materials, articles, and other resources designed to bring psychological science into the classroom. 
Visit Page

Resources on Combating Misinformation

Browse this extensive collection of resources exploring how misinformation hobbles understanding of critical topics and what can be done to mitigate the risks. 
Visit Page

Employment & Career

Browse job openings and fellowships, learn about funding opportunities, and read about research pathways and career insights. 
Visit Page

WHO WE ARE PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US DONATE ADVERTISING
FOLLOW APS      

© Association for Psychological Science

Cookies
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. To accept or reject certain categories of cookies specifically please click the Cookie Settings link. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information.

Do not sell my personal information.
Cookie settings
Accept
Reject