Association for Psychological Science – APS Share your story and your science Participate in APS’s social media video competition designed to bring the importance of psychological science to the public. Submit your video by January 12, 2026! News & Research Research Topics Podcasts & Videos Conventions & Events 2026 APS Annual Convention Webinars & Virtual Events Past and Future Conventions Journals Psychological Science Current Directions in Psychological Science Psychological Science in the Public Interest Perspectives on Psychological Science Clinical Psychological Science Advances in Methods and Practices in Psychological Science Advances in Psychological Science Open Advocacy & Policy Policy & Position Statements The Observer Archive About the Observer Advertising Contact the Editor Presidential Columns Members Awards & Honors Member Directory Lifetime Members Student Members Teaching of Psychology Donors Career Resources Employment About Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Board of Directors 2025-2026 Staff Directory Ethics Policy & Code of Conduct Login Join APS Share Your Story and Your Science Competition Participate in APS’s social media video competition designed to bring the importance of psychological science to the public. Deadline: January 12, 2026 Upcoming Events 15 JAN Nominations Due for 2027 APS Lifetime Achievement Awards 9:00 AM - 11:59 PM Stand with Science. Shape Policy. Explore the new APS Advocacy & Policy hub , your gateway to up-to-date policy statements, expert analysis, action tools, and resources to help psychological scientists engage meaningfully with legislation, funding decisions, and public discourse. Join us as we translate evidence into influence. 2026 APS Annual Convention Learn more about the 2026 APS Annual Convention Act Now: Share your Concerns with Your Representative and Senators So far, in the early days of the second Trump Administration, the President has directed agencies to terminate some federal research funding programs, limit research funding by capping indirect rates paid to research institutions to support research infrastructure, fired federal scientists and research program managers, and worked to delete scientific data from government websites. This kind of political interference with science is unacceptable and contrary to all that has contributed to scientific discovery and advancement in the United States. As a scientist, you must work now to make certain that your members of Congress are aware of the effects these actions are having on their constituents (you), their congressional district and state. Contact your representative Podcast Archive Under the Cortex is on hiatus and won’t be recording new episodes for the foreseeable future. Explore our archive of 150 episodes filled with scientific insights, stories from editors and researchers, and conversations worth revisiting again and again! News and Research 2025 in Review: Revisiting Top Research From APS’s Journals This year, psychological scientists tackled profound and varied questions to help us better understand ourselves and the world around us. Mitochondria May Be Missing Link Between Mental Health and Brain Function The bean-shaped organelles are now being recognized for their part in immune signaling, stress responses, and neural functioning. From Those Who Admired Them: Lives Lost Remarks from colleagues about a few of the psychological scientists we said goodbye to this year. APS Resources and Announcements Advocacy & Policy Stand with Science. Shape Policy. Explore the new APS Advocacy & Policy hub—your gateway to up-to-date policy statements, expert analysis, action tools, and resources to help psychological scientists engage meaningfully with legislation, funding decisions, and public discourse. APS Commitment to Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Learn about APS’s commitment to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion in all areas of our leadership, membership, activities, staff, and field. Webinars & Virtual Events Explore all of APS’s digital offerings, including Convention sessions and interviews, webinars, news podcasts, and more! APS Programs and Member Resources APS Awards and Honors Nominate a colleague by January 15 for one of APS’s prestigious lifetime awards. Nominations of members from underrepresented groups in psychological science are encouraged. Student Grant Competition Submit by December 21st for “seed grant” funding to support your research in its development stages! Classroom Resources These resources are made possible with the support of the APS Fund for Teaching and Public Understanding of Psychological Science. Teaching Psychological Science Tap into a host of instructional materials, articles, and other resources designed to bring psychological science into the classroom. Resources on Combating Misinformation Browse this extensive collection of resources exploring how misinformation hobbles understanding of critical topics and what can be done to mitigate the risks. Employment & Career Browse job openings and fellowships, learn about funding opportunities, and read about research pathways and career insights. Who We Are Privacy Policy Contact Us Donate Advertising Follow APS © Association for Psychological Science Cookies We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. To accept or reject certain categories of cookies specifically please click the Cookie Settings link. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information. Do not sell my personal information . Cookie settings Accept Reject Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description __cf_bm 30 minutes This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie Duration Description AWSELBCORS 5 minutes This cookie is used by Elastic Load Balancing from Amazon Web Services to effectively balance load on the servers. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description at-rand never AddThis sets this cookie to track page visits, sources of traffic and share counts. CONSENT 2 years YouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data. uvc 1 year 27 days Set by addthis.com to determine the usage of addthis.com service. _ga 2 years The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors. _gat_gtag_UA_3507334_1 1 minute Set by Google to distinguish users. _gid 1 day Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description loc 1 year 27 days AddThis sets this geolocation cookie to help understand the location of users who share the information. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 5 months 27 days A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface. YSC session YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. yt-remote-connected-devices never YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video. yt-remote-device-id never YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video. yt.innertube::nextId never This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. yt.innertube::requests never This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Powered by