Psychiatrist.com - Home of The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry and The Primary Care Companion for CNS Disorders Skip to content JCP PCC News CME About Authors & Reviewers Sign In Subscribe Search Advanced Search Menu JCP PCC News CME About Authors & Reviewers Sign In Subscribe Sign in Subscribe Clinical Topics View All Addiction ADHD Alzheimer’s Disease Anxiety Bipolar Disorder Depression Movement Disorders Neurology OCD Psychopharmacology PTSD and Trauma Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective Disorders Sleep Tardive Dyskinesia View All Collections View All Academic Highlights Auvelity: Information from Industry Banner Alzheimer’s Institute Clinical & Practical Psychopharmacology Early Career Psychiatrists Focus on Childhood and Adolescent Mental Health Focus on Geriatric Psychiatry Focus on Psychotherapy Focus on Suicide Focus on Psychosis Focus on Women’s Mental Health Rounds in the General Hospital UZEDY: Information from Industry View All Just Published news Researchers Reverse Alzheimer’s Damage. At Least in Mice. December 31, 2025 A new study shows that restoring brain energy metabolism can reverse advanced Alzheimer’s-like disease in mice. JCP Systematic Review Rechallenge of Lamotrigine After Rash: A Systematic Review December 31, 2025 Lamotrigine has been rechallenged safely in select cases, but it is critical to confirm that the initial rash did not have specific features of a severe rash in order… Hannah R. Riva , Sabrina Zheng , Nehaa Sohail , et al JCP Original Research Psychiatric Hospitalization and Suicide Attempts in Healthcare Professionals December 31, 2025 Daily suicidal ideation and severe sleep disturbances were found to synergistically elevate suicide risk among healthcare professionals. Rodolfo Furlan Damiano , Marianna de Abreu Costa , Carolina Blaya Dreher , et al news First Targeted ALS Drug Shows It Can Change the Disease December 30, 2025 Early, sustained treatment with tofersen significantly slowed disease progression, stabilized function, and extended survival in patients with SOD1-related ALS. PCC Case Report Machine Madness: A Case of Artificial Intelligence Psychosis December 30, 2025 A 41-year-old man with a history of substance-induced psychosis, developed symptoms of psychosis related to frequent occupational use of AI. Matthew R. Caldwell , Patrick A. Ho JCP Podcast Dr Michael Asbach on the Evolution of PAs in Psychiatry December 30, 2025 Physician Assistant Dr. Michael Asbach addresses workforce solutions in psychiatry, from PA training and autonomous collaboration models to recent UK policy debates. Learn how interdisciplinary teams can expand access,… Michael Asbach , Ben Everet Explore By Topic View all topics Addiction Anxiety Bipolar Disorder Depression (MDD) Movement Disorders Neurology Obsessive-Compulsive and Related Disorders Psychopharmacology Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective Disorders Tardive Dyskinesia Front of Mind News 1. Could Swearing Be Good For Us? 2. Americans’ Mental Health Ratings Hit a New Low 3. Six Midlife Depression Signs Tied to Later Dementia Risk Recent Features The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry is a leader in peer-reviewed articles on mental health topics for psychiatrists and medical professionals. Now featuring The JCP Podcast : conversations with experts exploring the research shaping clinical care. ﻿ EXPLORE JCP JCP Commentary Precision Medicine for Suicide Prevention: It’s Time to Take the Next Step December 22, 2025 The authors recommend moving toward a precision medicine approach to suicide prevention that considers the person, their circumstances and biology, treatment delivery context, and conditions that contribute to the… Alejandro Interian , Nathan A. Kimbrel , Marianne S. Goodman , et al JCP Academic Highlights Psychosocial Interventions and  Functional Recovery in Schizophrenia December 17, 2025 A consensus panel of experts reviewed the evidence base for use of psychosocial interventions in schizophrenia and provides practical recommendations for optimizing functional recovery. Rajiv Tandon , Deanna M. Barch , Robert W. Buchanan , et al Explore Special Sections from JCP Focus on Childhood and Adolescent Mental Health Early Career Psychiatrists Focus on Geriatric Psychiatry Focus on Psychosis Focus on Psychotherapy Focus on Suicide Focus on Women’s Mental Health The Primary Care Companion for CNS Disorders The Primary Care Companion for CNS Disorders seeks to advance the clinical expertise of primary care physicians and other health care professionals who treat patients with mental and neurologic illnesses. View PCC Articles PCC Case Report A Case of Kratom Withdrawal December 25, 2025 A 29-year-old man experienced kratom withdrawal that necessitated intensive care management and resulted in subsequent cardiac arrest. Brandon J. Goodwin , Moiuz Chaudhri , Ankur Jain , et al PCC Rounds in the General Hospital Diagnosis and Management of Rage December 23, 2025 This article offers a practical framework for distinguishing rage from irritability and impulsivity, identifying underlying neuropsychiatric drivers, and guiding evidence-based management across conditions including PTSD, TBI, and mood disorders. Sofia E. Matta , Andrea C. DeSimone , Daniel R. Fisher , et al Recent CME Institute Activities 2025 Manuscript Peer Review for Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. (The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry | The Primary Care Companion for CNS Disorders) Evaluating the Old and New in Alzheimer’s Disease: Today’s Options for Improving Diagnosis and Treatment Alzheimer’s Disease: New Paths to Treatment Staying Up to Date in Perinatal Depression: Pathophysiology and Treatment Research Neuropsychiatric Complications of Parkinson’s Disease Psychosis Assessing Progress in FSHD Treatment Options: Unraveling Challenges and Measuring Outcomes Read articles from ASCP Corner ASCP Corner Consensus Report on XT Use in Practice Read the full report Subscribe to read more articles Subscribe The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry The Primary Care Companion for CNS Disorders ELSEWHERE: ABOUT ADVERTISERS MEDIA RELATIONS REPRINTS & PERMISSIONS CONTACT US CUSTOMER SUPPORT FOLLOW US: X FACEBOOK INSTAGRAM LINKEDIN THREADS BLUESKY SIGN IN JOIN THE EMAIL LIST SUBSCRIBE NOW Privacy Policy Terms of Use Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. JCP ISSN: Online 1555-2101, Print 0160-6689 PCC ISSN: Online 2155-7780, Print 2155-7772 MedFair.com US Patent No. 684794 © Copyright 2026 | Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. | LifeLong Learning For Clinicians Sitemap ×