About Psyonix | Psyonix Psyonix Psyonix Careers Support Rocket League About Psyonix Based in San Diego, California, Psyonix is a critically-acclaimed video game developer behind some of the most entertaining video games in the industry, including the hit sports-action hybrid Rocket League. Psyonix joined the Epic Games family in June 2019. Careers At Psyonix, we strive for work-life balance so our employees are comfortable at work and can enjoy personal life when out of the office. We put an emphasis on anti-crunch culture, so projects have a long runway to benefit the members of our team. Check out all open positions! Our Team - Who We Are Psyonix is a part of the Epic Games family with indie roots. Our values and culture promotes hard work, creativity and inclusion, where all ideas are encouraged. We are always on the lookout for talented team players who are eager to embrace that philosophy and create something that the gaming community loves! Company History Psyonix was founded in 2001. For nearly 20 years, the studio has been a driving force behind some of the most successful games in the industry, including Gears of War, Mass Effect 3, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Bulletstorm, Unreal Tournament III and Unreal Tournament 2004. Originally focused on contract work for major studios, Psyonix transitioned to focusing on its own projects - namely Rocket League - following the game’s initial launch in 2015. About San Diego People are not only drawn to San Diego for the near perfect year-round weather and the abundance of things to do. It has become a fast-growing tech hub which makes it the perfect place to live and work. From world-renowned research institutes and top-notch universities to technology-based startups and decades-old businesses, San Diego is home to beautiful beaches, hiking trails, and a downtown with amazing restaurants and great nightlife options. Contact Us Interested in joining the Psyonix team? Browse all open positions here . Having Rocket League game issues? Contact our support team and submit a ticket. Psyonix Privacy Policy Terms of Use EULA Rocket League © 2025 Psyonix LLC. Rocket League, Psyonix, and all related marks and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks of Psyonix LLC. All rights reserved.