University of the Punjab Admission | Info Desk | Site Map | Careers | FAQs | Search | Contact Us | Donate | UNIVERSITY OF THE PUNJAB Home Quick Links Main Page About Us Our History Our Pride Administration Campuses Picture Gallery Chancellor's Message Vice Chancellor's Message Academics Faculties Departments Independent Centre Programs Ph.D Programs Masters Programs Undergraduate Programs Diploma Certificates All Programs Scholarships HEC Approved Supervisors Student Information Affiliated Colleges Semester System Annual System Campus Life Careers Apply Online Available Jobs Admission Apply Online (On-Campus Programs) Notices BS Admission Related FAQs Regulations Merit of Last Year 2024 Merit Calculator Merit Lists Schedule, Entry Test Results & Eligible/Ineligible Candt. Language Proficiency Research ORIC Online Databases Library Publications Journals Books Doctoral Programme Coordination Committee Video conferencing Research websites and free resources Conferences Examination Online Form Submission (Private / Regular & Late College (Affiliated Colleges) Schedules Date Sheets Download Roll No. Slip Results Download Result Card Statistical Analysis / Gazettes Examination News Downloads RTI About Us Navigation Academics Ph. D Masters Graduate Diploma Certificates All Programs Contact University of the Punjab University of the Punjab University of the Punjab. University of the Punjab. University of the Punjab. Previous Next Latest News Admission Notice for MS / M.Phil. and Ph.D. Programme Spring Semester 2026 (Regular / Self Supporting) Schedule, Entry Test Results & Eligible / Ineligible Candidates Revised Schedule of Interviews for Admission in LL.M. Program, Session 2025-27 Admissions Open in Short Courses at Skill Development Centre (SDC) Admission Notice for LL.M. Program (Fall Semester, 2025) Public Notice & Punjab Defined Contribution Pension Scheme Rules, 2025 Admission Notice for Post-Graduate Diploma in Local Self Government (Self Supporting Evening Program) 2025 Admissions Open in Post Graduate Diploma in International Affairs (Self-Supporting Evening Program) 2025-26 Punjab Forensic Science Agency (PFSA) - Download Slips Affidavit for newly admitted students Admissions Open in Short Courses at e-Rozgaar Center, IER Cyber Security Advisory - NCA-43.091625 - NCERT Advisory - Trojanized AppSuite PDF Editor Malware (TamperedChef) WELCOME TO UNIVERSITY OF THE PUNJAB Nationally Anchored, Internationally Celebrated
With over 54,000+ on-campus students across ten vibrant campuses, the University of the Punjab is Pakistan's largest and oldest seat of higher learning. Ranked among the top universities globally and number one nationally in Social Sciences, Education, and Psychology, PU leads with purpose. Our 73+ PhD, 108+ MPhil, and 220+ undergraduate programmes are taught by 1,300+ full-time faculty - one of the country's most internationalized academic communities. With 513 affiliated colleges and a legacy of alumni shaping thought and industry across the world, Punjab University remains where excellence meets impact, and futures are made. VICE CHANCELLOR'S MESSAGE My mission is to raise the productivity of our graduates through quality education and practical knowledge to contribute in a significant way to the national economy. About us Know Us Established in 1882 at Lahore, the University of the Punjab is the largest and the oldest seat of higher learning in Pakistan. It was the first to be established in the sub-continent in Muslim majority area. Located in the historical and culturally alive city of Lahore. Mission Statement Our mission is to provide quality education to ensure that our graduates are nurtured to be sensitive, tolerant, humane, and carry wisdom of knowledge, creative thinking and research skills for their holistic development. This will hone their potential for assuming leadership roles in diverse fields of the society. Our Vision Develop scientific, socio-cultural, economic and political leadership, through learner-centred teaching and research among the graduates in order to promote national cohesion and stability through providing quality education at par with international standards. Navigation Academics Faculties Departments Independent Centre Programs Courses PhD Masters Graduate Diploma Research ORIC Online Databases Library Publications Admissions Apply Online (On-Campus Programs) Notices BS Admission Related FAQs Regulations Examination Online Form Submission (Private / Regular & Late College (Affiliated Colleges) Schedules Date Sheets Download Roll No. Slip Campus Life Achievements of PU Students PU Hostels Co-Curricular Activities Transport Research Research in Limelight TRANSGENIC COTTON TRANSGENIC COTTON VARIETIES DEVELOPED AT CEMB Details Transgenic Cotton Details × CEMB has developed the following indigenously developed Triple genes (Cry1Ac+Cry2A+GTG) cotton varieties: These varieties are notable for their integration of the Cry1Ac, Cry2A, and GTG genes. Close HEPATITIS AND CANCER HEPATITIS AND CANCER TREATMENT Details HEPATITIS AND CANCER TREATMENT × CEMB-Punjab University Biopharmaceutical group has developed indigenous patented technology for the commercial production of recombinant human therapeutics proteins like interferon, peg-interferon, filgrastim and interleukins for hepatitis and cancer treatments.There is not a single pharmaceutical company in Pakistan that has the cGMP infrastructure and expertise to produce "purified recombinant human proteins" for therapeutic use. CEMB, University of the Punjab is working on the provision of cGMP compliance infrastructure to meet the national needs of biopharmaceuticals. Close METALS TOXICITY HEAVY METALS TOXICITY IN CHASHMA BARRAGE MUSSELS Details HEAVY METALS TOXICITY IN CHASHMA BARRAGE MUSSELS × In an alarming but significant ground breaking environment research, Punjab University PhD scholar Muhammad Sohail has found that freshwater mussels (Anodonta anatine) being sensitive to aquatic environmental contamination are excellent indicators of ecosystem health and stability. According to a press release issued here on Tuesday, freshwater mussels, close relatives of pearls producing oyster mollusks are immobile and imbedded in the river streambed and filter water to obtain oxygen and food; therefore, they are sensitive to industrial, agricultural and other anthropogenic contaminations polluting even River Indus. The researcher has found bio-accumulation of Lead, Copper and Chromium heavy metals in the gills, mantle and foot of freshwater mussels collected from River Indus and Chashma Barrage bed. PU Vice Chancellor, Prof. Dr. Zaffar Mueen Nasir has congratulated Muhammad Sohail on successful completion of his PhD degree on the basis of such excellent PhD evaluation reports. Close OLD RARE ELEPHANT TUSK PU RESEARCHER FINDS 3.3M YEARS OLD RARE ELEPHANT TUSK Details PU RESEARCHER FINDS 3.3M YEARS OLD RARE ELEPHANT TUSK × Punjab University Research Team under the patronage of Dr. Muhammad Hameed, Chairman Department of Archeology, University of the Punjab, discovered unique evidence of Buddhist Narrative Art in Terracotta from the old River bed of Jhelum between Sargodha and Jhang in the field work carried out in 2023. The 2000-years old artefacts belong to Buddhist civilization which also developed in Punjab. During the field work innumerable evidences of ancient settlements in form of cultural mounds were recorded. It was also confirmed that the followers of Buddhism were inhabitants of this area and they established their religious buildings, stupas and monasteries. This great achievement / efforts of Punjab University research team altered the religious and cultural history of the Punjab which has taken a new dimension clearly indicate that the followers of Buddhism established their center of worship in Punjab and adopted a unique method for dissemination and preaching of their religio, which is being named as, "Buddhist Narrative Art in Terracotta from Punjab". Close Quick Facts Some statistics about University of the Punjab 401 Our Programs 50918 On Campus Enrolled Student Over 3.5 Millions Alumni 1300 Full Time Faculty Members 28 Hostels 125 Departments 513 Affiliated Colleges 10 Campuses quick links All News student facilities events Population, climate chang.... Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research Ra PU PSC organizes special .... Punjab University Pakistan Study Centre (PSC) in collaborat PU CAD organizes seminar .... Punjab University College of Art & Design, Department of Gr PU space scientist partic.... Punjab University Department of Space Science, Associate Pr PU, KCF sign MoU.... Punjab University and Kaarvan Crafts Foundation (KCF) have PU VC inaugurates Center .... Punjab University Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Muhammad Ali has PU Library organizes work.... Punjab University Library conducted a workshop on “Use of Pakistan beat Cyprus in T.... Pakistan table tennis player Taimour Khan beat Cyprus with PU CAD organizes art exhi.... Punjab University College of Art and Design Department of G PU VC inaugurates swimmin.... Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Muhammad Ali inaugurated the Punjab Modern agricultural to bo.... Punjab University Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Muhammad Ali has Need to grow in all subje.... Punjab University Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Muhammad Ali has PU Hostels At present PU has 28 hostels, 17 for male and 11 for female students. PU Library he library remained in its old building upto 1988 and in the same year informative websites Documentaries University of the Punjab documentary and other programs videos Journey of Excellence – Discover how has Punjab University's transport system has evolved our Farmers click to view PU Documentary, 02nd December 2024 our Farmers click to view All You Want To Know About Library of Punjab University our Farmers click to view Tribute to Pakistan Army by our special students (Defence Day) our Farmers click to view About University Introduction Our History Our Pride Campuses PU Calendar Fact Books Facilities Nobel Laureates Former Vice Chancellors Vision, Mission Statement and Goals Guide Map (New Campus) Guide Map (Old Campus) Academics Faculties Departments Independent Centre Programs Scholarships HEC Approved Supervisors Student Information Affiliated Colleges Examination Online Form Submission (Private / Regular & Late College (Affiliated Colleges) Date Sheets Results Schedules Admission Forms Schedule for foreign students Course Outline Online Registration Examination News Past Papers Statistical Analysis / Gazettes Sample Papers for Online Assessment Guidelines and Procedure for Honorary Degree Download Result Card Quick links Political Map of Pakistan Manual Accessibility (PU VPN) PU Executive Club Quran House Society Health Centre Lab Patient Portal Manuals for Eduroam Connectivity Tender Notices PU Newsletter Online Challan Form Transport / Buses Routes Information Outlook 2013 Configure for Email Account PU Books Useful Links Ph.D. Produced Annual Reports Debates Sports Community Services Authorized Bank Branches List of all Ph.D. faculty members in PU Examination News Budget News & Events Fact Books © Copyright University of the Punjab . All Rights Reserved Designed and Developed by IT Centre