This site uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
OK, got it
Sign in
Help
pub.dev package manager

The official package repository for Dart and Flutter apps.

Flutter Favorites

Some of the packages that demonstrate the highest levels of quality, selected by the Flutter Ecosystem Committee

flutter_native_splash

Customize Flutter's default white native splash screen with background color and splash image. Supports dark mode, full screen, and more.

jonhanson.net
sentry

A crash reporting library for Dart that sends crash reports to Sentry.io. This library supports Dart VM and Web. For Flutter consider sentry_flutter instead.

sentry.io
characters

String replacement with operations that are Unicode/grapheme cluster aware.

dart.dev
location

Cross-platform plugin for easy access to device's location in real-time.

bernos.dev
VIEW ALL
Trending packages

Top trending packages in the last 30 days

unit_rc

unit_rc base lib.

pub.wuruoye.com
in_app_purchase_storekit

An implementation for the iOS and macOS platforms of the Flutter `in_app_purchase` plugin. This uses the StoreKit Framework.

flutter.dev
sizer

Responsive UI solutions for Mobile, Web, and Desktop — making adaptability effortless.

technoprashant.me
relic

A lightweight and flexible web server inspired by Shelf for building APIs and backend services.

serverpod.dev
config

A package for parsing command-line arguments and configuration files.

serverpod.dev
dnd

Drag and Drop for Dart web apps with mouse and touch support.

jakobservices.ch
VIEW ALL
Top Flutter packages

Some of the top packages that extend Flutter with new features

flutter_svg

An SVG rendering and widget library for Flutter, which allows painting and displaying Scalable Vector Graphics 1.1 files.

flutter.dev
path

A string-based path manipulation library. All of the path operations you know and love, with solid support for Windows, POSIX (Linux and Mac OS X), and the web.

dart.dev
carousel_slider

A carousel slider widget, support infinite scroll and custom child widget.

serenader.me
geolocator

Geolocation plugin for Flutter. This plugin provides a cross-platform (iOS, Android) API for generic location (GPS etc.) functions.

baseflow.com
gap

Flutter widgets for easily adding gaps inside Flex widgets such as Columns and Rows or scrolling views.

animations

Fancy pre-built animations that can easily be integrated into any Flutter application.

flutter.dev
VIEW ALL
Top Dart packages

Some of the top packages for any Dart-based app or program

retry

Utility for wrapping an asynchronous function in automatic retry logic with exponential back-off, useful when making requests over network.

google.dev
talker_dio_logger

Lightweight and customizable dio http client logger on talker base

frezycode.com
sqflite_common_ffi

sqflite ffi based implementation, for desktop and units tests.

tekartik.com
password_strength

A password strength estimator. Can be used to show the user whether the password they chose is strong against bruteforce or dictionary attacks.

julien-scholz.dev
stop_watch_timer

Simple CountUp timer / CountDown timer. It easily create app of stopwatch.

neverjp.com
win32

Access common Win32 APIs directly from Dart using FFI — no C required!

halildurmus.dev
VIEW ALL
Package of the Week

Package of the Week is a series of quick, animated videos, each of which covers a particular package

VIEW PLAYLIST
Dart languagePolicyTermsAPI TermsSecurityPrivacyHelp