Public Good | The leading digital purpose marketing solution using proprietary AI-based contextual targeting to serve the world’s top brands. Home Who We Are What We Do Our Clients Case Studies Thought Leadership How It Works Book A Demo Select Page Announcing our new division: Learn more! Looking to build brand love and loyalty? Public Good drives awareness , engagement , and action around a brand’s values and social good. Take 90 seconds to see how our AI-for-Good can drive sales growth. https://publicgood.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/IntroducingPublicGood-2025.mp4 Public Good is the leading digital purpose marketing solution using proprietary AI-based contextual targeting to serve the world’s top brands.  Brand lift campaign average of 11%  Attention metrics 4x higher than industry benchmarks  CTR 5-10x higher than industry benchmarks Leading brands trust Public Good. We’re proud to work with brands across industries, from global leaders to local powerhouses. Leading brands trust Public Good. We’re proud to work with brands across industries, from global leaders to local powerhouses. All Environment & Sustainability Equity & Empowerment Health & Wellness Hunger & Food Other All Environment & Sustainability Equity & Empowerment Health & Wellness Hunger & Food Other Public Good outperforms traditional channels in achieving multiple goals. Awareness Since 2005, The Allstate Foundation has been committed to disrupting the cycle of relationship abuse. During Domestic Violence Awareness Month, the Public Good campaign focused on financial abuse to grow awareness of the issue, elevate available resources, and empower engaged readers to get help and support the cause. More than 19,000 people took the quiz, accumulating learning and meeting the campaign’s key aims. See it in action Brand Lift REI engaged Public Good to help launch Outside in 5, a national movement to get all people in the US within 5 minutes of safe, clean outside spaces. Custom Action Units got the target audience engaged in Outside in 5, sent traffic to the landing page, and drove consideration of REI as an outdoor retailer. The campaign produced statistically significant brand lift metrics, including favorability and consideration. See it in action Engagement The Dream Gap is the space between girls’ imaginative ambition and their full potential — hindered not because they’re incapable, but by the society they grow up in. To bridge this gap and help girls reach their limitless potential, Mattel partnered with Public Good on a campaign that raised awareness of the Barbie Dream Gap Project, boosted the work, and supported partner nonprofits. The campaign sustained an engagement rate of more than 1% overall, well in excess of industry benchmarks. See it in action Pledges To bolster its work on climate change and sustainability, Mars wanted signatories — especially millennials — to join in its #PledgeForPlanet. Via Public Good actions on content about weather, the environment, and climate change, readers and their networks pledged to work alongside Mars to cut greenhouse emissions, switch to renewable energy, halt deforestation, and more. The campaign collected significant numbers of pledges from its target audience. Brand Action Every day, extraordinary women serve their communities by creating positive change and inspiring others. The Women of Worth program from L’Oréal Paris honors them. Via contextual placement on inspiring content, the campaign raised awareness and nominations, providing opportunities for readers to recognize women who find beauty in giving back. The campaign produced a record number of nominations for the Women of Worth program. See it in action Public Good’s expertise as the leader in digital purpose marketing can be seen on local and global stages.  Public Good’s purpose and tech experts are available to participate in conferences, interviews, private learning sessions, company workshops, and other relevant events. Speaker Profile: Melissa Anderson (.pdf) President and Co-Founder Industry Events Featured By Areas Of Expertise Purpose Brand Marketing Return on investment Best practices Purpose-washing Data-driven strategies ESG Consumer behavior change Intent to action gap Sustainability through action AI and Digital Media Contextual marketing Brand safety How Public Good Works When people read news on topics they care about, like natural disasters, climate change, racial equity, or hunger, they feel motivated to do something. Public Good’s contextual purpose targeting identifies this content and gives readers actions they can take to get involved alongside your brand. We take storytelling to the next level, with privacy compliance and proprietary brand safety baked in at every stage. Schedule a brand demo Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Become a media partner Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Work with us another way Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy ©2021-2025 Public Good, Inc. / Public Good Software, Inc. All rights reserved. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent