Public Storage - Thousands of Self-Storage Units/Spaces Near You Skip to main content Skip to footer content Call Find Storage Find Storage Address, City or Zip Select Storage Units Vehicle Units Storage Type Select All Sizes Small Medium Large Up to 20' Up to 35' Up to 50' Size Search Size Guide Small Units Lockers A Few Things 5'x5' Large Closet 5'x10' One Room Medium Units 5'x15' Two Rooms 10'x10' Three Rooms Large Units 10'x15' Four Rooms 10'x20' Five Rooms 10'x25' Six Rooms+ Vehicle Units Up to 20' Most Cars Up to 35' Most RVs and Boats Up to 50' Oversize Vehicles Storage Types Self Storage 24 Hour Self Storage Business Storage Vehicle & RV Storage Boat Storage Climate Controlled Storage Your Account Log In Create an Account Your Reservation Download App Pay Bill Find Storage Storage Solutions Decluttering Living Abroad Military Storage Seasonal Storage Storage FAQs Life Transitions Storage Lockers Size Guide Storage Types Self Storage 24 Hour Self Storage Business Storage Vehicle & RV Storage Boat Storage Climate Controlled Storage Frequently Asked Questions About Us Our Story Real Estate Solar Sustainability Investor Relations U.S. Locations Global Locations 3rd Party Management Lending Program Contact Us Careers Blog Your Account Log In Create an Account Your Reservation Download App Pay Bill Skip the counter & go straight to your space. Save up to 40% OFF ⓘ Easy Online Rental Find Storage Get the app Banner Manage your space with your phone. Open Gates & Doors Pay Bills Manage Your Account Get It on Google Play Download on the App STor Self Storage Business Storage Climate-Controlled
                        Storage Vehicle Storage Trusted nationwide by customers and team members! We’re honored to receive these awards from
                Comparably, based on the ratings and feedback from our very own team. Learn About Us Just think of us as an extension of your home. With more locations nationwide than any other self-storage company, we’re
                    always just around the corner. Here are some locations in your neighborhood: See More Nearby Here’s how the self-storage process works. Get Started Find a location Start by searching for storage near you. With thousands of locations nationwide, we're always just around the corner. Reserve your unit Reserve your unit for free with no obligation, and complete your rental online to save time on move-in day. Move in Find your space and move on in! (Pro tip: Download the Public Storage app to open make move-in a breeze with easy gate access and more!) Get Started After 50 years, you learn what people want. Free                            reservations No long-term                            commitment Convenient access                            hours Trusted Nationwide Since                            1972 Climate-controlled                            units Variety of unit sizes Having trouble imagining what a 5'x5' looks                        like? We'll help you find the right size self-storage unit                        so you can make sure you're getting the most for your money. View the Size Guide View the Size Guide THE MOST LOCATIONS NATIONWIDE That means you can pick up your surfboard for the morning swell and return it by noon. Find Storage What's it like to store with us? Ask them. Eva F. "eRental made it possible to search for a
                            unit and
                            complete my transaction remotely while out of town." Charles K. "I filled it out (eRental) in the parking lot
                            and got a spot in like 10 minutes." Gary G. "Company reputation is excellent. Location is
                            ideal for my needs. Easy contactless eRental process, end to end." Testimonials provided by actual Public Storage
                customers. Images are stock photography and not of the actual persons providing the testimonial. Public Storage is the leading provider of storage units for your personal, business and vehicle needs with thousands of locations nationwide. We offer a wide variety of units and sizes available with no obligation and no long-term commitment. Call today at 800-688-8057 for a free reservation and get your first month's rent for just $1. Public Storage Locations in San Antonio: Converse, Texas Universal City, Texas Helotes, Texas Live Oak, Texas La Marque, Texas Missouri City, Texas Manvel, Texas Dickinson, Texas Public Storage Locations in Texas: Addison, Texas Alamo Heights, Texas Aledo, Texas Allen, Texas Argyle, Texas Arlington, Texas Aubrey, Texas Austin, Texas Public Storage Locations in the Country: Houston Orlando Charlotte Indianapolis Denver Seattle Virginia Beach Louisville Los Angeles San Antonio Chicago San Jose Las Vegas Marietta Colorado Springs Phoenix Dallas Austin Miami Tampa Atlanta Sacramento Fort Worth Portland Storage Types Self Storage Facilities Business Storage Car and RV Storage Boat Storage Climate Controlled Storage Support Frequently Asked Questions Size Guide Public Storage Blog Company Info Careers U.S. Locations Global Locations Investor Relations 3rd Party Management Commercial Real Estate Cell Tower Lease AdChoices Follow Public Storage ® Download App © Public Storage. All rights reserved. Sitemap State Sitemap Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Settings PUBLIC STORAGE, PS, and the Orange Door Trade Dress are trademarks or registered trademarks of Public Storage in the United States and/or other countries. Facilities with a have one or more of the following sustainable initiatives in place to help you make an informed storage decision: LED lighting, Efficient HVAC Systems, Solar power generation, Eco-Friendly Water Practices, or High R-value Insulation. Promotion: Subject to change. Offered only on selected units. Subject to availability. Limit one offer per household. This offer applies only to the rental fee. Other restrictions, taxes, and fees, including an administrative fee, apply. See contract for full details. Promotions good for new customers only. Not available on transfers or additional spaces. Pricing subject to change. Reservation required to guarantee price. Actual unit sizes may vary from approximate size estimate and reservations do not guarantee unit availability. Temperature and humidity levels within any storage space including climate-controlled spaces may vary. Please inspect any unit before renting. Online pricing available only for online reservations and rentals. Not sure about the size you need? Don’t worry, online pricing discount will be honored for any rental originating from an online reservation. If the promotion is associated with the Winter Holiday Sale: the promotional period is for a limited time only and you must move in within 7 days of reservation. Promotion × Subject to change. Offered only on selected space at select locations. Subject to availability. Limit one offer per household. This offer applies only to the rental fee. Other restrictions, taxes, and fees, including an administrative fee, apply. See contract for full details. Promotions good for new customers only. Not available on transfers or additional spaces. Pricing subject to change. Reservation required to guarantee price. Actual space sizes may vary from approximate size estimate and reservations do not guarantee unit availability. Please inspect any space before renting. Online pricing available only for online reservations and rentals. Not sure about the size you need? Don't worry, online pricing discount will be honored for any rental originating from an online reservation. If the promotion is associated with the Winter Holiday Sale: the promotional period is for a limited time only and you must move in within 7 days of reservation.