Public.Law: Online law library Public.Law About us API Remove ads Login Law is code that belongs to all “Robb Shecter of the Lewis & Clark Law School came out with OregonLaws.Org, a wonderful example of how legal information can be made dramatically better once the fences around the public domain have been removed.” Carl Malamud, Three Revolutions in American Law “A hearty thank you from myself and on behalf of my colleagues who use the site regularly. Our professors recommended it during law school…” An Oregon attorney “I just wanted to say thank you for making a website that you can actually navigate. Props to you guys.” A website visitor “I want to thank you for your work creating oregon.public.law and keeping it going. The site was not only invaluable to me during my time at L&C Law, but continues to be my go-to when I have Oregon issues come up!” An Oregon attorney “OregonLaws.org has a clean and clear design and a number of neat features…” Jureeka! “I often use your site for quick and informal review of statutes, because I find its contents more readily accessible that those in the official site.” A website visitor “Very helpful. I thank you for the work, the time, and immense amount of effort you & the people who helped put into this project. It's incredible.” A library assistant “Thank you. You are a GOD SEND” Website visitor “I really appreciate your resource. I think it's a great way to look at the statutes. Your interface is fantastic.” A Colorado attorney “I will hand it to you. A substantial amount of my clients and coworkers forward statute text from your site.” An attorney writing in the r/lawyers subreddit “A pretty amazing and FREE web site for statutory research…When you visit the site…you are immediately struck by the simple, but well-thought out features.” Legal Research Plus Sign up
for our
monthly
newsletter: Email address Any questions? Topic updates International Law California Colorado Nevada New York Oregon Texas Subscribe View previous newsletters Stay Connected Join thousands of people who receive monthly site updates. Subscribe Committed to Public Service We will always provide free access to the current law. In addition, we provide special support for non-profit, educational, and government users. Through social
entre­pre­neurship, we’re lowering the cost of legal services and
increasing citizen access. Navigate Find a Lawyer Blog About Us API Contact Us Reports Secondary Sources Privacy Policy California: Codes Colorado: C.R.S. Florida: Statutes Nevada: NRS New York: Laws Oregon: OAR , ORS Texas: Statutes World: Rome Statute , International Dictionary Location: https://www.public.law/ Blank Outline Levels × The legislature occasionally skips outline levels.
          For example: (3) A person may apply [...]
(4)(a) A person petitioning for relief [...] In this example, (3) , (4) ,
            and (4)(a) are all outline levels, but (4) was
            omitted by its authors. It's only implied. This presents an
            interesting challenge when laying out the text. We've
            decided to display a blank section with this note, in order
            to aide readability. Do you have an opinion about this solution? Drop us a line. Close