Skip to content
Product
Open Product
Solutions
Open Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Open Resources
Company
Open Company
Login
Try For Free
Get a Demo
EN
Inspire and convert shoppers through shoppable digital publications

Meet the complete AI-enabled digital publication platform that grows your business.

Get a demo
View an example
Your full suite of digital publication tools

Get everything you need to create, distribute, and optimize digital catalogs, brochures, advertizing leaflets, and more.

Get a demo
1. Create

Upload your PDF or use your product feed to generate shoppable content automatically.

Learn more
2. Distribute

Reach readers instantly. All your publications distributed automatically and everywhere.

Learn more
3. Measure & Optimize

Generate insights from your publications to improve conversion.

Learn more
Publish interactive content online to reach more shoppers

Publitas content works on all devices and is easily shared or embedded across marketing channels.

Top 5 traffic driver
Drive repeat visits
ROPO-effect leads to in-store visits
Achieve higher engagement through interactivity

Combine editorial content, rich media, and shoppable products into one exceptional experience.

Embed GIFs, slideshows, and videos
Keep content up-to-date with dynamic content
Increase relevance with hyper-personalization
Drive conversion with shoppable content

Turn your content into an online shopping channel that guides shoppers from discovery to purchase.

Cross-sell through product hotspots
Shoppers can save and share favorite products
Add-to-cart directly from your content
Customer stories

Have a look at these customer testimonials.

“With Publitas, we can finally publish online publications in a simple way, where we enrich them with videos, slideshows, and other animations.”

“The most important thing about Publitas is its customer service and the fact that they are always available with quick solutions whenever we need them.”

Mandy Wulf

Online marketing at Connox

Learn more
Danae Dermatis

Senior Digital Executive at AlphaMega

Learn more
Reviews

A small selection of reviews from our Capterra and G2 pages.

★★★★★

"Innovative, fast-paced. A pleasure to work with."

Suzanne K. — Technology Manager

★★★★☆

"A must have for e-commerce businesses!"

Farzana S. — Marketing and Advertising

★★★★☆

"Measurable and effective publication suite."

Roy H. — Director Marketing Automation

World-class support

We help you get the most out of your online content and share insights gained from working with retailers for 17+ years.

Receive amazing support

Get help by calling or mailing our support team.

Contact support →
Learn from our knowledge base

Prefer to do it yourself? Learn everything you need to know from our knowledge base.

Knowledge base →
Featured content from our blog

Learn more about discovery marketing, shoppable content, our product, or get some catalog inspiration.

DISCOVERY MARKETING
Printed Catalogs vs Digital Catalogs: What Modern Retailers Need to Know
TIPS AND BEST PRACTICES
Benefits of Digital Flipbooks
TIPS AND BEST PRACTICES
How To Create A Fashion Lookbook