Home – Center for Public Integrity Close Search for: Search DEMOCRACY Open dropdown menu High Courts, High Stakes Immigration Who Counts? ECONOMIC WELL-BEING Open dropdown menu Cheated at work Unequal Burden EDUCATION Open dropdown menu Academic Freedom Unhoused and Undercounted Criminalizing kids ENVIRONMENT Open dropdown menu Toxic Labor Ghosts of Polluters Past Harm’s Way HEALTH Open dropdown menu Mental Health Parity About Us Open dropdown menu Our staff Our donors Contact us Podcasts Open dropdown menu Integrity Out Loud The Heist Open dropdown menu Season 1 Season 2 Season 3 Data Tools Open dropdown menu The Accountability Project (TAP) Copy, Paste, Legislate Access our resources Archive Facebook Page Twitter Linkedin Instagram TikTok Close DEMOCRACY High Courts, High Stakes Immigration Who Counts? ECONOMIC WELL-BEING Cheated at work Unequal Burden EDUCATION Academic Freedom Unhoused and Undercounted Criminalizing kids ENVIRONMENT Toxic Labor Ghosts of Polluters Past Harm’s Way HEALTH Mental Health Parity Skip to content About Us Open dropdown menu Our staff Our donors Contact us Podcasts Open dropdown menu Integrity Out Loud The Heist Open dropdown menu Season 1 Season 2 Season 3 Data Tools Open dropdown menu The Accountability Project (TAP) Copy, Paste, Legislate Access our resources Archive Facebook Page Twitter Linkedin Instagram TikTok Center for Public Integrity Investigating inequality DEMOCRACY Open dropdown menu High Courts, High Stakes Immigration Who Counts? ECONOMIC WELL-BEING Open dropdown menu Cheated at work Unequal Burden EDUCATION Open dropdown menu Academic Freedom Unhoused and Undercounted Criminalizing kids ENVIRONMENT Open dropdown menu Toxic Labor Ghosts of Polluters Past Harm’s Way HEALTH Open dropdown menu Mental Health Parity Open Search Search for: Search Menu Home 40 Acres and a Lie Public Integrity’s “40 Acres and a Lie” project is honored by the Philip Meyer Journalism Awards Accountability Inside the scramble to stop the displacement of thousands of California foster children WHO WE ARE The Center for Public Integrity is a nonprofit newsroom investigating inequity and holding powerful interests accountable. Readers like you help us tackle inequity and threats to democracy and equip the public to make change. ABOUT US JOIN THE DISCUSSION Facebook X LinkedIn Instagram TikTok LATEST Unhoused and Undercounted Pennsylvania bill could prevent schools from barring homeless students Health parity Despite efforts to close gap, parity in mental health care remains elusive Who Counts? ‘The restrictions are unbelievable’: States target voter registration drives Addressing Anti-Asian Hate Asian students face racism, harassment at school. What would make it stop? Academic Freedom In Idaho, don’t say ‘abortion’? Addressing Anti-Asian Hate Cut off from our past, Chinese American adoptees seek belonging INVESTIGATIONS Unequal Burden State tax collectors push struggling people deeper into hardship States across the country resort to punitive policies that make it harder for people to pay off their tax debt, from license suspensions to less help for low-income residents than the IRS. by Maya Srikrishnan and Ashley Clarke High Courts, High Stakes Not just the Supreme Court: Ethics troubles plague state high courts, too North Carolina’s Supreme Court chief justice heard cases despite a conflict of interest. Experts say judicial ethics at state high courts everywhere don’t receive the scrutiny they deserve. by Aaron Mendelson Academic Freedom Attacks on tenure leave college professors eyeing the exits Republican-led efforts to dismantle free-speech protections on college campuses could reshape the geography of higher education. by Matt Krupnick Toolkits How to protect your community from the toxic lead lurking in soil Covering clashes on campus as academic freedom challenges mount Resources for guest workers Why are hate crimes so hard to convict in court? Podcast Subscribe on Spotify | Apple Podcasts | Google | Stitcher | Pandora Click transcript to read the trailer transcript. The Heist: Season 3 The third season of the award-winning podcast focuses on the history of government discrimination against Black farmers. ‘Black farmers and ranchers, it’s a dying deal.’ Black farmers and cattle ranchers are a dwindling lot, living on less land and carrying heavier financial burdens than white farmers. The USDA, once part of the problem, wants to turn things around. Why is accurate data about Black farmers so hard to get? The U.S. Department of Agriculture has a history of discrimination. Legislators are pressing it to release more data that could show what progress it’s making. In Oklahoma’s Black Belt, land ownership and power built Black wealth Black folks went West seeking economic independence. That meant land ownership. But racism undid what they built. Can USDA’s efforts on equity help Black farmers overcome ‘toxic debt’? New programs in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that do not rely on racial identification expected to help farmers get out from under their USDA debt. New USDA data shows declining loan delinquency rates Black and Hispanic farmers saw the biggest improvements, but the reasons why aren’t clear. SPECIAL PROJECTS G HOST OF POLLUTERS PAST Lead keeps poisoning children. It doesn’t have to. Eight ways to take action on lead contaminating your community’s soil HARM’S WAY Trapped in harm’s way as climate disasters mount Floods, hurricanes, wildfires: What aid is your county getting to prepare? UNHOUSED & UNDERCOUNTED Amid rise in student homelessness, federal funding set to expire Homeless-student investigation honored in data journalism contest HIgh Courts, High Stakes Public Integrity state court investigation is a Toner Prize finalist America’s state supreme courts don’t look like America Facebook Page Twitter Linkedin Instagram TikTok About Us Board of Directors Archive Contact Us Public Integrity documents Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Investigating the systems and circumstances that contribute to inequality. © 2025 Center for Public Integrity Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy and Terms of Use﻿ Gift this article Close Link Copy link