We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip page header and navigation

Welcome to our new website. While most COPE resources have moved here, including membership applications, our membership area will look the same for a while as we continue to redevelop our website.

Visit membership area
Dismiss message
Login
Guidance and tools
COPE Focus
Discussion
Membership
About
Open search
Search COPE: Committee on Publication Ethics
Search
Search
Slide 1 of 4
Make a difference

New roles are now open to COPE Members interested in serving as a COPE Trustee or as a COPE Council Member.

Volunteer opportunities
Slide 2 of 4
The membership organisation for publication ethics

Promoting ethical practices and supporting high standards in scholarly publications.

Membership
Slide 3 of 4
Artificial Intelligence in publishing

Navigating the ethical issues and opportunities of using artificial intelligence in research publishing.

Read more
Slide 4 of 4
Priorities for publication integrity

The COPE strategy reflects our commitment to support the needs of our members and the scholarly community.

Read more
Next slide
Next slide
Promoting integrity in scholarly research and its publication

COPE brings together all those involved in scholarly research and its publication to strengthen the network of support, education and debate in publication ethics.

Leadership and expertise
Providing leadership and an unbiased expert voice in publication ethics.
Working together
Actively bringing people together to explore and provide solutions to the challenges arising in publication ethics
Support and education
Helping all involved in research publishing to uphold integrity of the publication process.
COPE in numbers
14,500+

Representing more than 14,500 members from all disciplines

97

Serving our community in 97 countries

28

Promoting publication ethics principles for 28 years

Our latest guidance
View all guidance
Discussion document
Declaring funding sources for research
Identification of all funding sources, the authors supported by each source, and work funded should be included in published articles.
Guideline
Retraction guidelines
Essential guidance for editors on when and how to retract articles, including the content of retraction notices, timing, and handling inconclusive evidence. Version 3 released in 2025!
Guideline
Expressions of concern
Find out when an expression of concern should -or should not- be used, who should issue it, and how quickly and it should be issued
COPE Forum

The next COPE Forum for COPE Members will be held on 5 December 2025.

COPE Forums are held online throughout the year, providing the opportunity for COPE Members to review and give advice on cases presented by Members, and discuss a current or emerging topic. At the December Forum the topic discussion is managing conflicts of interest. 
 

Register for the Forum
Submit your Case

COPE Members can bring their publication ethics issues to the COPE Forum for discussion and advice from COPE Council and COPE Members. 

Submit your case

Cases
 are published on the COPE website, with advice given and follow up comments from the Member who submits the case.

Advice is specific to the particular case under consideration and may not necessarily be applicable to similar cases either past or future. The advice is given by COPE Council and COPE Members from across all regions and disciplines.

Latest cases
View all cases
Case
Post-publication corrections in Books
A publisher wishes to know what guidance editors should use to apply to post-publication corrections in books and book chapters.
Case
Handling duplicated content across 20-year-old articles
A publisher has received a complaint about text overlap in three articles from the same authors in journals from the publisher's portfolio. The EiCs recommend different actions. What should be done?
Case
Mitigating the impact of retractions on policy making
An agency of the European Union publishes syntheses of scientific evidence and has become concerned that the recent increase in retractions could have an impact on its work.
Topic discussions
View all topic discussions
Slide 1 of 3
Managing conflicts of interest
Conflicts of interest (COIs) are highly relevant to the credibility of the published literature. This discussion considers COIs in both pre-publication and post-publication stages.
Join the discussion
Slide 2 of 3
Geopolitical events and scholarly publishing
How should journals and publishers respond to geopolitical events or national legislation which affect scholarly research?
Join the discussion
Slide 3 of 3
Emerging AI dilemmas in scholarly publishing
Here we discuss key accountability measures, emerging tools and guidance to ensure ethical standards in an environment increasingly shaped by AI in 2025.  
Last reply 15 Sep 2025
3 comments
Join the discussion
Getting started
How to get started in publication ethics

Getting started in publication ethics requires understanding key principles and practices. Start exploring some of our resources which are essential reading for anyone involved in research and scholarly publishing.

Get started
Publication Integrity Week 2025

Our thanks to all the speakers across the week for sharing their knowledge and experience. If you missed any sessions or would like to watch again, sign up to our newsletter to be notified when the videos are published:

The evolving landscape of publication ethics.
Diversity, equity, inclusivity, and accessibility in practice.
Collaboration and community building.
Upholding publication integrity – the role of universities and research institutes.
Innovations, solutions, and the road ahead.
Sign up to COPE newsletter
News and opinion
View all news and opinion
News & opinion category
 COPE news
Letter from the COPE Chair: December 2025
17 December 2025

COPE Chair, Nancy Chescheir, rounds off the year with a look back at the new guidance COPE has published and opportunities for the community to become more involved.

News & opinion category
 Guest contribution
Guest editorial: Web references and the issue of content fixity
16 December 2025

As digital references decay through linkrot and content drift, stronger webpage-citation practices and archiving are essential to protect the integrity and long-term value of scholarly publishing

News & opinion category
 COPE news
Make a difference: new volunteer roles now open
26 November 2025

Are you looking to play a more active role in the publication ethics community? We're looking for COPE Members from diverse backgrounds and regions to join the COPE Trustee Board or COPE Council.

Discover COPE Focus
View all COPE Focus

COPE Focus brings together our most important resources on a topic, providing up to date, carefully chosen collections.

COPE Focus on post-publication review
An essential collection of resources to help editors and publishers review the literature when concerns are raised, and for all parties to work together to take corrective action when needed.
Read more
Events
View all events
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to the COPE newsletter

Sign up to Digest, the COPE newsletter, to receive updates on new guidance, and be the first to hear about our popular events and online Forum.

To understand how we manage your personal information, please see our privacy notice.

Email Address 
(required)
*
First Name
Last Name
Committee on Publication Ethics
COPE (Committee on Publication Ethics) brings together all those involved in scholarly research and its publication, to strengthen the network of support, education and debate in publication ethics.
Sign up for newsletter
Contact us
Press
Follow us
Policies
Privacy notice
Website terms and conditions

Registered charity No 1123023, Registered in England and Wales, Company No 6389120, Registered office: COPE, New Kings Court, Tollgate, Chandler’s Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LG, United Kingdom

© Committee on Publication Ethics 2025 