This website uses cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and deliver you advertisements based on your interests. We do not collect or share your personal information for any other purpose.

Privacy Policy
Accept Cookies
Cookie Preferences
Skip to Content
BREAKING NEWS
Pure Storage is named A Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Storage Platforms.
BREAKING NEWS
Pure Storage is named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Infrastructure Platform Consumption Services.
ANNOUNCEMENT
Pure Storage introduces the Enterprise Data Cloud so customers can manage their data, not their storage
ANNOUNCEMENT
Unify your on-premises and public cloud environments with a single, consistent experience.
Visit Pure.ai
Sales 1-800-976-6494
US / EN
The Pure Advantage
Solutions
Products
Services & Support
Resources
Partners
Company
CONTACT US
Unlock the true value of your data

Create an Enterprise Data Cloud that unifies access, simplifies management, and unlocks the value of your data—only with the Pure Storage platform.

Demo Our Platform
What’s a Data Storage Platform?
ANNOUNCEMENT
2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Report
Highest in Execution, Furthest in Vision
Pure Storage is named A Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Storage Platforms, positioned Highest in Execution and Furthest in Vision.
Get the Report
INNOVATION
A platform built for your AI journey
Unified, automated, and ready to turn data into intelligence.
Find Out How
ANNOUNCEMENT
2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Report
Recognized as a Leader
Pure Storage is named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Infrastructure Platform Consumption Services.
Get the Report
0
1
2
WHAT’S NEW
Pure Storage accelerates AI innovation and virtualization efforts
Explore the Innovations
BLOG
From Petabytes to Exabytes: Object Storage for AI and HPC Without Complexity
Read the Article
BLOG
How Pure Storage Helps CIOs Bridge VMware to Kubernetes
Read the Article
Drive IT transformation, reduce risk, and enhance business outcomes
Experience the advantages of true consumption-based storage

Get the flexibility and scale of a storage-as-a-service subscription with the industry’s highest number of guaranteed SLAs.

Explore Evergreen//One
Say goodbye to downtime—forever

Enjoy peace of mind with our commitment to zero downtime, continuous monitoring, and proactive management.

One storage experience, wherever you run

Get the same enterprise-grade storage—whether you're scaling in the cloud or modernizing on-prem.

Achieve up to

77%

Reduced operating cost
Unlock up to

85%

Energy savings
Learn more about our platform
See Platform Overview
Demo the Platform
Leading global businesses trust Pure Storage
Named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Storage Platforms, positioned Highest in Execution and Furthest in Vision.
Get the Report
AC Milan
“I think we’ve changed the game on and off the pitch with Pure.”
Alessandro Vita
Information Technology Manager, AC Milan
Read the Story
Alessandro Vita
Information Technology Manager, AC Milan
Read the Story
“We went with the Evergreen//One™ storage-as-a-service solution because it gave us that flexibility to be able to burst the capacity, and not have to go and buy and invest in a big storage array if that wasn't what was needed.”
Joanna Drake
CIO, THG Ingenuity
Read the Story
Joanna Drake
CIO, THG Ingenuity
Read the Story
50%
Lower Data Center Energy Costs
Read the Story
“Moving to Pure Storage Evergreen//One is exactly what we need to promote flexibility in our research environment moving forward.”
Phil Norris
Senior Manager, Network and Systems
Read the Story
Phil Norris
Senior Manager, Network and Systems
Read the Story

81

The highest NPS in the industry

40%

Of U.S. federal agencies trust Pure Storage
Hear what customers are saying
Read Customer Stories
Let's fix your storage problems
Accelerate your data success
Embrace the AI opportunity—without compromise
Unlock the power of AI to innovate, optimize, and lead in your industry.
Explore AI Solutions
Are you AI ready?

Simplify AI with dynamic storage, delivering scale on-demand for training and inference.

AI 
Need cloud everywhere?

Deploy a consistent, cloud storage model everywhere, bringing cloud-like agility on-premises.

Cloud 
Data at risk of attack?

Secure data with scalable protection, real-time threat detection, and effortless recovery.

Data Protection 
Database delays?

Eliminate database storage bottlenecks with a unified platform.

Databases 
Slow time to market?

Speed up app development with seamless APIs for instant, self-service, storage provisioning.

Application Development 
Latest news and announcements
BLOG
A Platform Built for the AI Era: Smarter, Faster, Safer Data, and More Fun
The latest wave of Pure Storage innovations is here. Discover what’s new and how these blockbuster capabilities make the future of data management a reality.
Read the Article
BLOG
The Intelligent Control Plane Evolves: Unlocking the Power of AI-driven Infrastructure

Explore how the intelligent control plane and Pure Fusion turn your infrastructure into a global fleet, with every array, service, and protocol managed and automated as one.

Read the Article
BLOG
A New Framework for Sustainable Strategies in the Age of AI

Pure Storage is helping reframe the sustainability equation for a data- and AI-driven world.


Read the Article
Browse key resources and events
SAVE THE DATE
Pure//Accelerate® 2026
Save the date. June 16-18, 2026 | Resorts World Las Vegas

Mark your calendars. Registration opens in February.

Learn More
TRADE SHOW
AWS re:Invent 2025

Manage data the easy way—from on-prem to the cloud

Book a Meeting
VIDEO
Watch: The value of an Enterprise Data Cloud

Charlie Giancarlo on why managing data—not storage—is the future. Discover how a unified approach transforms enterprise IT operations.

Watch Now
RESOURCE
Legacy storage can’t power the future

Modern workloads demand AI-ready speed, security, and scale. Is your stack ready?

Take the Assessment
Want to learn more?
Next stop: the Pure Storage Platform
Explore the Platform
See Pure Storage in action
Explore Demos
Chat with a Pure Storage expert
Start a Chat
NYSE: PSTG
Volume:
Pricing delayed 20 minutes.
Company
Our Vision
Careers
Sustainability and Social Impact
Investor Relations
Leadership
Locations
Executive Briefing Center
Solutions
AI Storage and Infrastructure
Application Development
Cloud
Cyber Resilience
Data Protection
Databases
Virtualization
Industries
Platform and Products
Enterprise Data Cloud
Data Platform Overview
Evergreen//One
FlashArray
FlashBlade
FlashBlade//EXA
Real-time Enterprise File
Portworx
Partners
Partner Overview
Partner Central
Partner Certifications
Resources
Pure360 Demos
Events and Webinars
Product Announcements
Newsroom
Blog
Customer Stories
Customer Community
Validated Designs
Contact Us
Contact Sales
Pure Advisor (Chat with Sales)
Call Sales
Certifications
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Join the Conversation
Follow all official Pure Storage social channels
© 2025 Pure Storage, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy
Website Terms
Legal
Do Not Sell or Share My Data