Live Chat Software for Websites with Free Trial | Pure Chat Home Live Chat Features Our Pricing Support About Us FAQ Get Started Login Get Started Login Pure Chat: Live Chat Software The easiest & fastest way to add live chat to your website. FREE for the first 30 days! Why Choose Pure Chat? Enjoy feature-packed live chat software that’s super easy to use. Our team is committed to providing the best full-featured live chat software product possible and making sure that our customers are happy. With over 14,000 users in 150+ countries, it’s safe to say you’re in good hands. Simplicity Everything you need, nothing you don’t. Pure Chat is easy to set up and incredibly intuitive to use. Sign up, install the code on your website and start chatting in minutes. Transparency When we say something, we mean it. Know that you’re working with a company that embraces integrity and takes pride in everything we do. Customization Live chat is an extension of your brand, which is why you have complete control over how your chat widget looks and functions on both desktop and mobile devices using our convenient editor. Continuous improvement Since we launched Pure Chat, we’ve made it a priority to develop new and innovative features to make the product even better. And we’re not stopping anytime soon. Value Improve your bottom line by easily connecting with web visitors to turn them into customers. Support We're here if you need help. Give us a ping and we'll provide solutions. Mobile Apps Manage your business on-the-go with Pure Chat's iOS and Android mobile apps We live in an always on, always connected world where toggling between devices has become the norm. As businesses have adapted to the advancements in technology, consumers’ behaviors have shifted as well. Today, people expect instant responses from companies. That’s why Pure Chat has a mobile-optimized chat widget for your website and a mobile app for both iOS and Android devices so you can efficiently manage live chat on the go. Canned Responses Reply quickly and accurately to frequently asked questions. Canned responses are just replies you can save within Pure Chat so you don’t have to retype the same answers again and again. Set them up under Account > Canned Responses to share with your team or keep private. Customization Customize your chat widget using the convenient editor. Use Pure Chat’s convenient editor to customize your chat widget to match your brand and website. You can easily update the design, size, position, text fields and behavior on both desktop and mobile devices to create the best user experience possible. Mobile Apps Manage your business on-the-go with Pure Chat’s iOS and Android mobile apps We live in an always on, always connected world where toggling between devices has become the norm. As businesses have adapted to the advancements in technology, consumers’ behaviors have shifted as well. Today, people expect instant responses from companies. That’s why Pure Chat has a mobile-optimized chat widget for your website and a mobile app for both iOS and Android devices so you can efficiently manage live chat on the go. Canned Responses Reply quickly and accurately to frequently asked questions. Canned responses are just replies you can save within Pure Chat so you don’t have to retype the same answers again and again. Set them up under Account > Canned Responses to share with your team or keep private. Customization Customize your chat widget using the convenient editor. Use Pure Chat’s convenient editor to customize your chat widget to match your brand and website. You can easily update the design, size, position, text fields and behavior on both desktop and mobile devices to create the best user experience possible. OUR PRICING Try Pure Chat FREE for 30 days! Growth Support ONE website $ 49 / Month Users: 4 SMS: 100 View Pricing PRO Support UNLIMITED websites $ 99 / Month Users: 10 SMS: 1000 Remove Pure Chat Logo View Pricing FREE TRIAL Try the PRO plan for free $ 0 for 30 days Users: 10 SMS: 1000 Remove Pure Chat Logo View Pricing Quick Links Home Live Chat Features Our Pricing Support About Us FAQ Mobile App Pure Chat Dashboard Contact Info Address: 13835 N Northsight Blvd, Suite 205, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Email: support@purechat.com Privacy Policy Terms of Use DPA © PureChat. All Rights Reserved. Scottsdale Website Design by TechArk