Beautiful, Secure, Privacy-Respecting Devices - Purism Beautiful, Secure, Privacy-Respecting Laptops & Phones Services Products News & Events About Our Story Why Purism? The Team Support Contact Documentation FAQ Forums My Account PureOS Shop Now Liberty Phone Made in USA Electronics Librem 5 Librem 11 Librem 14 Librem Mini Librem PQC Encryptor Librem PQC Comms Librem Key Made in USA Welcome to Purism, a different type of technology company . We believe you should have technology that does not spy on you . We believe you should have complete control over your digital life . We advocate for personal privacy , cyber security , and individual freedoms . We sell hardware , develop software , and provide services according to these beliefs . To do all that, we think differently across all areas of business and technology. 15% off storewide! Get 15% off on all our hardware devices and accessories until the 31st of December. Use the code YEAREND Please note, due to the holidays, products ordered after December 17, 2025 will not ship until January. Shop now! They talk about Purism Purism is one American company that has been able to do what many are calling the impossible. The only ‘Made in America’ smartphone maker has a message for Apple about manufacturing in the Trump tariff era. Purism, one of the only known companies to actually manufacture a cell phone in the United States. Liberty Phone A Security & Privacy Focused Phone with a Secure Supply Chain The Liberty Phone retains the software security and privacy features of the Librem 5 while adding a transparent, secure supply chain with manufacturing in the USA . The Liberty Phone also has 4GB of memory and 128GB built-in storage. Starting at $1,999 Discover More Librem 11 A Powerful Tablet with Freedom in Mind Powerful 4 cores , tablet with AMOLED display, 4096 pressure levels pen and a detachable keyboard. It will let you express your creativity anywhere, anytime. Shipping with PureBoot (Coreboot +Heads) and PureOS , you make sure that the Librem 11 is fully yours and is respecting your Privacy, Security and Freedom by default. Starting at $999 Buy Now Learn More Librem 5 A Security & Privacy Focused Phone The Librem 5 is the original Linux kernel based phone produced by Purism with 3GB of memory and 32GB of storage. Starting at $799. Learn More Buy Now Librem AweSIM Privacy-focused cellular plan for the Librem 5 and other unlocked phones. Starting at $39/month Compare Plans Recent Articles View All Articles 2025 Year-End Sale Announcing Purism's Year End Sale.  Offering 15% off your purchases through the end of the year.  Just use YEAREND as your coupon code for hardware purchases through December 31, 2025!
Please note that orders placed after December 17th will not ship until January. PureOS Crimson Development Report: November 2025 With our sights set on the beta release milestone, one key component still remains: a way to upgrade from Byzantium to Crimson.  If you're a Linux expert, you might already know how Debian handles release upgrades.  Some eager individuals have already upgraded from Byzantium to the Crimson alpha this way.  However, we need an easy, graphical upgrade procedure, so everyone with a Librem 5 can get the improvements coming in Crimson. A Quarter Century After Cyberselfish, Big Tech Proves Borsook Right In her book Cyberselfish: A Critical Romp Through the Terribly Libertarian Culture of Silicon Valley, published in 2000, Borsook who is based in Palo Alto, California and has previously written for Wired and a host of other industry publications, took aim at what she saw as disturbing trends among the tech industry. The Purism Newsletter Want to get announcements & news digests about product launches and sales, new blog articles, open source community news, and special offers once in a while? You will receive an automated e-mail you will need to reply to to confirm your subscription. Security Jobs Policies Get involved Warrant Canary Press Room Enterprise Developers Affiliates Pages Videos