Shipping, Freight & Courier Solutions | Purolator Skip to main content Purolator Chat Locations Track a Shipment Register Login EN FR Purolator Getting Started Ship Online (ESO) Pay Bills Ship Freight Create Account Shipping Courier Schedule and Manage Pickup Get Courier Time & Cost Estimate Open an Account Ship as a Guest Ship using Mobile App Holiday Shipping Freight Expedited LTL - TL Standard LTL - TL Ship using Freight Account Get Transit Time Estimate Get a Freight Quote Import & Export Canada Shipping to the U.S from Canada Shipping to Canada from the U.S Shipping Rest of the World to Canada Shipping to/from Mexico International Shipping from Canada Customs Forms and Brokerage Packaging Supplies Shipping Locations & Access Points Courier Fuel Surcharge Freight Fuel Surcharge Rate, Zone & Service Guides Tracking Track a Shipment Track a Freight Shipment Advanced Tracking for Enterprise Shippers: Purolator Vision Manage your courier shipments with end-to-end tracking, get notifications and export data. Login to Vision Register for Vision Delivery Preferences for Receivers:​  Purolator Your Way Gain visibility and control over your packages with tracking & customizable delivery options. Login to Purolator Your Way Create a Profile Services Intra-Canada Services U.S. & International Specialized Services Business Solutions Small Business Solutions Retail and E-commerce Healthcare Industrial Technology Technology Solutions E-commerce for Online Stores Shipping Platforms Integration Solutions Developer Portal Logistics Transportation Returns Management Import & Exports DSV Solutions Resources & Support Accounts, Billing & Payments File a Claim Report Fraud FAQs How to Ship How to Package Contact Us Resource Hub Visit our Resource Hub to stay on top of industry trends with Purolator's insights on shipping and supply chain management. Quick Start Guides Services Alerts & Updates What are you looking for? Search What are you looking for? Connect with us: Our Mobile App English Français It's not a package. It's a promise. ® At Purolator, we go the extra mile. Confidently ship your packages to, from and within Canada. Track a shipment: Track a LTL Freight Shipment Track a LTL Freight Shipment Ship Now Get an Estimate Pay a Bill Scroll to main content Home Peak Planning & Holiday Shipping Schedule Start planning for peak season and discover holiday shipping offer and tips Read more Returns Management Create flexible and seamless returns experiences that strengthen and complement your customer’s experience. Learn more Billing Centre The refreshed Billing Centre is here! If you're not already registered, sign up and explore now. Register or login Service Alerts & Updates Stay informed of service disruptions with up-to-date service alerts. View updates Shipping Choose from flexible shipping solutions to, from and within Canada. Send a package Ship within Canada Ship to the U.S. or internationally Create a freight shipment Ship as a small business Critical fast shipping for time-sensitive shipments Receiving Easily track and manage your Purolator deliveries. Track a shipment Manage deliveries Find a location Mobile App tracking Shipping Choose from flexible shipping solutions to, from and within Canada. Send a package Ship within Canada Ship to the U.S. or internationally Create a freight shipment Ship as a small business Critical fast shipping for time-sensitive shipments Receiving Easily track and manage your Purolator deliveries. Track a shipment Manage deliveries Find a location Mobile App tracking $150,000 in prizing available for small businesses and their communities through Purolator’s True North Small Business Grant Contest. Nominate today Small businesses save 65% for 12 months on shipping. Open an account Ship and save during the holiday with an in-store coupon and our flat-rate boxes. Get deals Returns Management Create flexible and seamless returns experiences that strengthen and complement your customer’s experience. Learn more Create flexible and seamless returns experiences that strengthen and complement your customer’s experience. Learn more Enjoy in-store savings up to 40% off* when you visit any Purolator Shipping Centre. Learn more We’re modernizing and transforming our digital enterprise system to serve you better. Learn more Let's start a relation-ship. Learn more Cozy up with savings Send your holiday wishes and get up to 50% off shipments. Learn more Let's start a relation-ship. Learn more Over $100,000 in prizing available in the True North Small Business Grant Contest! Learn more Enjoy in-store savings up to 40% off* when you visit any Purolator Shipping Centre. Learn more News & Updates Stay up-to-date with industry trends and Purolator news. News & Updates Featured Purolator donates eight retired delivery trucks to help food banks reach more Canadians facing hunger TORONTO, Dec. 22, 2025 — Purolator is delivering more than just packages this holiday season—it’s donating eight retired delivery trucks to food banks across Canada. These meaningful gifts reinforce the company’s commitment to addressing food insecurity and help local partners reach more vulnerable individuals and families. December 22, 2025 News & Updates Canadians set to send more than 52 million parcels with Purolator this holiday season November 21, 2025 Stories Purolator Tackle Hunger National Red Bag campaign raises more than 210,000 pounds of food in support of food banks October 27, 2025 See more Related Resources Image UK to Canada Shipping: Best Practices for Easy International Delivery Read article Image Smart Logistics: AI’s Impact on Supply Chain Dynamics in 2024 and Beyond Read article Image Practical Decarbonization Strategies for Small and Mid-sized Businesses in 2024 and Beyond Read article See more resources Image Retail E-Commerce for Your Business: Trends, Best Practices, and Strategies Read article Image How Safe Are Your Shipments? Theft, Risk, and the Steps You Can Take to Prioritize Loss Prevention Get whitepaper Image Mexican Manufacturing Opportunities and Logistics Efficiency for Canada-Bound Shipments Get whitepaper See more resources Image Reverse Logistics Solutions: A Shipping Trend Your Business Needs Read article Image Mexican Manufacturing Opportunities and Logistics Efficiency for Canada-Bound Shipments Get whitepaper Image Canada’s New CARM System Affects U.S. Importers – Make Sure You’re Ready! Get whitepaper See more resources Image Cross-Border Shippers have Options for Mitigating Tariff Fallout Read article Image Expand Your Reach: Reliably Deliver Natural Health Products to Every Canadian Market Read article Image Leadership Insights: Cross-Border E-Commerce is Surging. Is Your Business Taking Advantage? Read article See more resources Open  configuration options Edit Translate Delete Image Get Your Ecommerce Business Black Friday-Ready: Tips for Canadian Sellers Read article Open  configuration options Edit Translate Delete Image Shipment Theft is Increasing. Is Your Supply Chain Protected? Read article Open  configuration options Edit Translate Delete Image Why Purolator Is the Smart Choice for Shipping Consumer Electronics in Canada Read article See more resources Open a Purolator Business Account The best for your business. Enjoy reliable delivery solutions that meet your unique and complex shipping needs. Sign up now * Certain terms, conditions and geographic restrictions apply (including point of origin and destination guarantee restrictions and money-back guarantee restrictions). For details, see the "Service Guarantees" in the Purolator Terms and Conditions of Service . Prepare for holiday shipping. Get holiday shipping tips, resources, send-by dates, and savings! Learn more Small Businesses save up to 65% for 12 months on shipping Open an account × Ship Online > Register now to start shipping online. Create shipment labels, schedule pickups, get estimates and more. Billing Centre > Billing Centre Register or login in to the Billing Centre to view your account and pay invoices. OR × Get an estimate From From postal code To To postal code To country code Canada United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Armenia Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Republic of Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Dutch Antilles Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Soloman Islands South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay U.S. Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Wallis and Futuna Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe City Package Packaging Customer Packaging Express Box Express Envelope Express Pack Pieces Pieces Total weight Total weight Units lb kg × Login Username Password Forgot username? Forgot password? OR Register now Register now Enjoy the convenience of online shipping. Create shipment labels, schedule pickups, get estimates and more. OR Ship as a guest Ship as a guest Skip the setup and ship without an account. Provide the package details and we'll handle the rest. × Webform You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. First Name Last Name Email Phone Number Reason for Inquiry ----- Reporting Fraud General Inquiry Other Upload Documents The maximum file size for ALL uploads is 8 Mb. Any additional attachments can be sent to [email protected] . Maximum 5 files. 8 MB limit. Allowed types: pdf, xls, xlsx, txt, csv, jpg, jpeg, png. 8 MB limit per form. Message Our email response times are currently between three to five business days. For immediate assistance, our virtual assistant is available to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Click on the Chat button at the top of the page to use our virtual assistant to track shipments and process self-serve requests such as Address Correction, Redelivery and Hold for Pick Up today. You can also report a fraud using our virtual assistant by stating you would like to submit a feedback. Leave this field blank Need customer support? Contact us Connect with us: Click to go to our LinkedIn Click to go to our Twitter Click to go to our Facebook Click to go to our Instagram About Purolator Corporate Information Community & Environment News & Updates Legal & Site Information Policies Accessibility Plan Accessibility Progress Report Annual Forced Labour & Child Labour Report Cookie Preferences Quick Links Holiday Schedule Careers Holiday & Peak Planning Becoming a Shipping Agent Carrier Login Becoming a Purolator supplier Tackle Hunger Campaign Operations Login Digital Lab Purolator International Resource Hub Service, Zone and Rate Guides Purolator Social Media Guidelines and Terms of Use Our Mobile App Click to download our app on the App Store Click to download our app on Google Play Certification Copyright © 2025 Purolator Inc. All rights reserved. Employee Login | Terms and Conditions of Service | Terms and Conditions of Site Use | Privacy