This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Privacy Policy
Got it!
PRODUCTS
DEMO
PRICING
FEATURES
BLOG
LOGIN
FREE SIGNUP
Push Notification for Website, No Mobile App Required.
Increase reach, revenue, re-target users with Web Push Notifications on desktop and mobile.
DEMO GET STARTED

WORKS ON


Trusted by Over 40,000 Businesses Globally
         
A New Way to Reach Users.
Convert Visitors into Subscribers

With 1-click subscription and no forms to fill, easily convert your visitors into subscribers.

Real-time Communication

Push Notifications give real-time access to your subscribers, and instant repeat traffic.

Engage Mobile Users Without App

Interact with your mobile visitors directly by sending native notifications without any mobile app.

Higher Opt-in & Conversion

With no personal details required, get higher opt-in and better conversions with direct push notifications to your visitors.

Send Personalized Notifications

Target particular individuals by sending personal recommendation based on their interests.

Customizable Subscribe Prompts

With our integration visitors will be automatically prompted to subscribe to your site and in just 1-click get converted to subscribers. No need to ask for email or any other information. With customizable opt-in themes you get more qualified leads, and lower unsubscriptions. Our custom 2-step opt-in themes and 1-click native opt-in work on both desktop as well as mobile devices. Given that push notifications are clickable, you instantly get an audience which can be re-engaged with offers and new content.

Audience Creator

Tap into user interests with Audience Creator and target them based on keywords, URL opened, number of visits, location, device and OS. This will create a highly engaging notification campaign personalized for a subset of your audience and there’s no limit to the number of these custom segments. With first and last time of visit, revive your older popular content by targeting it to new subscribers.You can also add your own custom attributes to define events or ROIs. Targeting notifications to these precise sets would result in better user-experience and a loyal subscriber base for meaningful engagement.

A/B Testing

Push Notifications are short and delivered instantly, it is important to use the best combination of title, image and message to get most out of it. This is where A/B Testing can help. Easily create two variations of your notification with different image, title or message. Then we determine the notification that is getting better response from a subset of your subscribers, and push it to the rest, resulting in more conversion as well as revenue. With each test you get to know your audience better and improve your notification strategy.

Seamless APIs

Create use-cases by using your data and our two powerful APIs. For example, individuals can be targeted based on what they were looking at earlier and then informed about an upcoming sale or discount voucher on completing a purchase. By leveraging your data, and PushAlert Subscriber IDs even a customized notification can be sent with say, a name, to individuals about an abandoned cart or shipment of products. This builds loyalty and trust, getting you a customer for life.

In-depth Analysis

Keep a track of your notification campaigns with relevant metrics including impressions, clicks, delivery rate and CTR. Our advanced analytics help in studying the performance of your campaign across different audiences, devices, browsers or OS. We can also help in figuring out when notifications are likely to get more clicks to optimize delivery.

PERFORMANCE

Get campaign analysis with relevant metrics to improve strategy.

CLICK TIMING

Know when your subscribers are most active and plan notifications accordingly.

PLATFORM

Get an insight into which devices, OS or browser your visitors are using.

Multilingual Support & Opt-in Box Themes

Convert the entire push notification subscription process in your own language to get more subscribers. Customers/visitors will be able to know exactly why they should subscribe to updates, that too, in your own words. Moreover, you can customize the design of the opt-in prompts with themes and show the prompt in the language of your subscribers to get more meaningful engagement and higher opt-in.

Browser and Platform Support

PushAlert works with all major browsers spread across a variety of devices and platforms.

Browsers

Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera, Microsoft Edge, Samsung Internet Browser, and UC Browser.

Devices

Desktop, Mobile and Tablet Devices

OS

Windows, Android, iOS, iPadOS, Linux, ChromeOS and MacOS (OSX).

Don't Wait. Engage Your Users Now.
Signup for Free
Recommended
Web Push Notification Campaign Guide for Black Friday and Cyber Monday
How to Add Web Push Notifications to your PWA on iOS and Android
5 Things You Can Do To Increase Web Push Notification Opt-in Rate
How to Deliver Personalized and Relevant Messages to Your Customers
How to Add Abandoned Cart Recovery Notifications to Your WooCommerce Store
Resources
Documentation - JS & REST API
iOS Push Notifications
Chrome Push Notifications
Push Notifications for Shopify
Firefox Push Notifications
Safari Push Notifications
Push Notifications for WordPress
Push Notifications for Joomla
Mobile Push Notifications
Help
Support
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
GDPR
CCPA
Affiliates
PushAlert

PushAlert is a user engagement, retention and marketing automation platform which allows you to push real-time notifications to your website users on both mobile and desktop.

 
 

© Copyright 2025 InkWired. All rights reserved.