pv magazine International – News from the photovoltaic and storage industry: market trends, technological advancements, expert commentary, and more. Skip to content ESS News Global Germany Spain France Italy USA Mexico Latin America Brazil Australia India China ☰ Subscriptions   ESS News Global Germany Spain France Italy USA Mexico Latin America Brazil Australia India China  ESS News Global Germany Spain France Italy USA Mexico Latin America Brazil Australia India China News All news Applications & installations Commercial & industrial PV Grids & integration Residential PV Utility Scale PV Hydrogen Energy storage Industry & suppliers Balance of systems Modules & upstream manufacturing Markets & trends Finance Markets Policy Opinion & analysis Opinion & analysis Guidelines Press releases Sustainability Technology and R&D Features pv magazine Hydrogen Hub Energy storage Marketplace Guggenheim Solar Index Market overview: Large-scale storage systems Market overview: Microgrid control systems Module Price Index PV Project Exchange Events All Events Battery Business & Development Forum 2026 SunRise Arabia Clean Energy Conference 2026 pv magazine Webinars pv magazine Webinars: German pv magazine Spotlights Event calendar External Events pv magazine live Videos Awards Partner news Special Editions Corporate Editions Partner news pv magazine test About pv magazine test results Magazine 2025 2024 Issues before 2024 Special Editions About About us pv magazine team Contact us Newsletter subscription Magazine subscription Job board Community standards Advertise Top News Flexible front cover tested for glass-free CIGS devices December 30, 2025 Valerie Thompson  Researchers in Japan have developed an effective encapsulation with a PET front cover for copper indium gallium diselenide mini-modules. The lab devices withstood damp heat tests, retaining approximately 97 % of initial efficiency after 3,600 h. Markets & Policy China powers up world’s largest liquid air storage project December 30, 2025 Marija Maisch  The 60 MW/600 MWh storage project is co-located with a 250 MW photovoltaic plant allowing for a high level of green energy self sufficiency. Installations Tata Power Renewable completes 1 GW DCR-compliant PV project for SJVN December 30, 2025 Uma Gupta  Tata Power Renewable Energy Ltd has commissioned a 1 GW solar project for SJVN Ltd. in Rajasthan, India, supplying green electricity to Rajasthan, Jammu & Kashmir, and Uttarakhand. The installation was built in line with domestic content requiremen ... Announcements The pv magazine team wishes you happy holidays and a wonderful start to the new year! SunRise Arabia Clean Energy Conference 2026 Join the 3rd SunRise Arabia Clean Energy Conference on April 22, 2026 , in Riyadh to explore how solar PV and energy storage are powering the Kingdom’s growing digital economy — including data centers. Secure your spot at the early-bird rate. Register now Battery Business & Development Forum 2026 Connect with Europe’s energy storage leaders at the Battery Business & Development Forum 2026 i n Frankfurt (March 31–April 1) and gain insights into evolving business models, financing strategies, and market trends Register now Out now - pv magazine Global Winter Edition The new pv magazine Global edition is out now! Available in print and digital – get your copy today! Visit webshop pv magazine Webinar Unlocking affordable, reliable power for Saudi data centers with PV & Storage Wednesday, 21. January  2026 9:00 am - 10:00 am CET, Berlin, Paris, Madrid  11:00 am - 12:00 pm Riyadh | 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm Dubai Registration Link pv magazine Webinar Webinar+ | The Solar Module Market Playbook: managing pricing, risks, and other procurement challenges Wednesday, 28. January  2026 3:00 pm – 4:30 pm GMT, London | 4:00 pm – 5:30 pm CET, Berlin, Madrid, Paris | 10:00 am – 11:30 am EST, New York City Webinar partner pv magazine Registration Link Special Edition Genera 2025 On the occasion of Genera 2025, pv magazine is publishing a special edition on the latest developments in the Spanish photovoltaic market. Content available in Spanish. Download for free Media Kit 2026 Bookings for 2026 Amplify your brand presence with the leading trade media platform for the solar and storage industry. Special Edition Energaïa 2025 On the occasion of Energaïa 2025, pv magazine is publishing a special edition on the latest developments in the French photovoltaic market. Content available in French. Download for free Sign up for our free pv magazine newsletters With our free daily newsletters, you will receive the latest solar and storage news directly in your inbox Sponsored Markets & Policy India mandates 20% domestic content in battery storage projects December 30, 2025 Marija Maisch  The Indian Ministry of Power has ordered all battery energy storage system (BESS) projects supported under the viability gap funding (VGF) scheme to meet a minimum 20% local content threshold, aiming to boost domestic manufacturing and innovation. Installations UK research calls for robust approach to rooftop solar fire safety December 30, 2025 Patrick Jowett  Research commissioned by the UK government finds rooftop solar panels can significantly influence fire behavior, particularly when the height gap between modules and the roof surface falls below critical limits. Sponsored Sponsored Energy Storage Growing agri-PV tomatoes while producing hydrogen for smart windows December 30, 2025 Lior Kahana  Scientists have simulated a residential building based on a real double-story house in the United Kingdom, combining rooftop agrivoltaics with onsite hydrogen production. Electricity generated by the solar system is used to produce hydrogen, which is the ... Installations Taiwan on track to deploy 31.2 GW of solar by 2035 December 30, 2025 Patrick Jowett  UK-based GlobalData says Taiwan is on course to more than double its current solar capacity by the end of 2035. Markets & Policy India tenders 1 GW of pumped storage to bolster grid-scale energy storage December 30, 2025 Uma Gupta  India has opened bidding for up to 1 GW and 8 GWh of pumped storage capacity, seeking long-duration energy storage projects to supply power distribution companies and other buyers under long-term contracts. All News Press Releases December 30, 2025 Felicitysolar, a Solar Energy Company, Strengthens  R&D to Deliver Customer-Centered Innovation On December 25, 2025, Felicitysolar held the groundbreaking ceremony for its new PV and energy storage R&D and manufacturing base, marking an important milestone in the company’s long-term strategy as a solar energy company committed to technological innovation and sustainable development.  Click to watch the video: https://www. Felicitysolar December 30, 2025 A 10.79% Power Generation Gap: Insights into the Adaptability Challenges of BC Technology Route in Ground-Mounted Power Stations from Northern Shaanxi Desert Field Tests Recently, to study the practical application performance of TOPCon modules and BC modules in desert areas, a comparative analysis was conducted on the actual power generation data of a PV power station in the desert environment of northern Shaanxi, which simultaneously adopts Jinko N-type TOPCon bifacial modules and the latest generation of N-type BC bifacial modules. JinkoSolar December 30, 2025 Sunwoda’s One-Millionth 684Ah Energy Storage Cell Rolled Off the Line and Was Successfully Delivered On 23 December, Sunwoda achieved a major manufacturing and delivery milestone as its one-millionth 684Ah stacked energy storage cell rolled off the production line and was successfully delivered, marking a significant step forward in the large-scale commercialization of high-capacity energy storage cells. Sunwoda December 30, 2025 JA Solar and Trina Solar tie for No. 1 in Wood Mackenzie’s H1 2025 module ranking Wood Mackenzie’s latest score-based assessment puts JA Solar and Trina Solar at the top, as it debuts a new “Grade A” benchmark. Wood Mackenzie View All Press Releases Opinion & Analysis Featured Global solar generation topped 540 GW in April, says Solcast December 29, 2025 Solcast  In a new weekly update for pv magazine , Solcast, a DNV company, reports that the global peak of solar output in 2025 occurred on April 29, at 06:00 UTC, estimated at 539 GW. US solar installer adapts business model as policy support shifts December 29, 2025 Anne Fischer  ReVision Energy leverages a relationship-driven model and workforce innovation to navigate evolving clean energy policies and sustain long-term growth across the northeastern United States. Too much to choose from, too little to decide December 22, 2025 MARTIN SCHACHINGER, PVXCHANGE.com  Market pressure in the solar and storage sectors often favors low-cost solutions, but long-term success depends on balancing price, quality, and reliability for assets designed to operate for decades. Numerous examples, from low-grade silicon modules to residential hydrogen and redox flow storage, show how technically ambitious products can fail when costs, complexity, or durability are misjudged. Building resilience amid intensifying weather events December 22, 2025 IEA-PVPS  In its latest monthly column for pv magazine , IEA PVPS shows that with climate-specific site selection, robust design, proper installation, and proactive O&M, most PV systems can be made resilient and remain reliable despite intensifying weather risks. Solar, wind and storage: stable prices, stable grid December 19, 2025 International Solar Energy Society (ISES)  In its latest monthly column for pv magazine , the International Solar Energy Society (ISES) explains how Australia’s rapid expansion of solar and wind energy has not increased wholesale electricity prices, which have remained stable since 2016. Rooftop solar, now widespread and highly cost-effective, provides the country with resilient, low-emission power, making all-electric homes increasingly independent from the grid. Tracks of low-pressure systems split Europe’s solar performance in November December 19, 2025  In a new weekly update for pv magazine , Solcast, a DNV company, reports that Europe’s solar generation potential in November showed a strong east–west split, with Eastern Europe experiencing 15–20% below-normal irradiance due to persistent storms, while much of Western and Central Europe recorded 15–20% above-average levels under clearer conditions. The Atlantic coast was an exception, as Storm Claudia reduced irradiance to near or below average in Portugal, the British Isles, and parts of France and Spain. Markets & Policy Featured PV industry urges New York City to double solar target, add 2 GW of storage December 30, 2025 William Driscoll  A US solar industry group has outlined a nine-point policy agenda calling on New York City’s incoming mayor to accelerate rooftop solar and battery deployment to address grid reliability risks, energy costs and climate targets. Solar to occupy no more than 0.6% of UK farmland by 2030 December 30, 2025 Patrick Jowett  The UK Department for Energy Security and Net Zero (DESNZ) said in response to a recent Freedom of Information (FoI) request that even if all future solar projects under its solar roadmap were ground-mounted, they would occupy no more than 0.4% of the United Kingdom’s total land area. Installers misread what homeowners want from home batteries December 30, 2025 Phoebe Skok  While resilience remains a key driver for homeowners to adopt residential battery storage, it’s not as high on the priority list for most customers as many installers believe. China commissions world’s largest 1 GW open-sea offshore solar project December 29, 2025 Vincent Shaw  China has brought a 1 GW offshore solar power plant online off the coast of Dongying, Shandong province, combining PV with energy storage and aquaculture in what is now the world’s largest open-sea solar project in commercial operation. CATL confirms significant upgrade to sodium-ion battery product range and scale into 2026 December 29, 2025 Tristan Rayner  CATL announced it expects a new trend of “sodium and lithium batteries shining brightly together.” Silver hits record high of $83.62 an ounce December 29, 2025 Patrick Jowett  Silver prices have surged to record levels over the past week, surpassing $80 an ounce after China said it plans to restrict silver exports in 2026. Installations Featured Poland projected to reach 59.1 GW of solar by 2035 December 29, 2025 Patrick Jowett  London-based consultancy GlobalData says Poland could add between 3 GW and 4 GW of solar annually through to the middle of the next decade. Argentina’s YPF Luz begins 100 MW output at El Quemado solar park December 29, 2025 Luis Ini  YPF Luz has started feeding electricity from the first 100 MW of its 305 MW El Quemado solar project into Argentina’s national grid, the first renewable plant under the Large Investment Incentive Regime (RIGI). How to improve indirect-expansion PVT-assisted heat pump performance December 29, 2025 Lior Kahana  Scientists in Thailand have simulated an indirect-expansion photovoltaic-thermal-assisted heat pump and measured its performance under various cold water temperatures and tank sizes. Japan plans to tighten laws around large-scale solar December 24, 2025 Patrick Jowett  Japan is set to impose stricter environmental oversight on future large-scale solar projects. The government may also discontinue financial support under its feed-in tariff and feed-in premium schemes for large, ground-mounted solar beginning April 2027. Romania’s Electrica opens two solar tenders December 24, 2025 Patrick Jowett  Romanian utility Electrica Group is running two solar tenders, a 62.5 MW project open for applications until Feb. 17, 2026, and a 77.6 MW project open for bidding until Feb. 12, 2026. Korean bank backs Guam’s largest solar project December 24, 2025 Patrick Jowett  The Export-Import Bank of Korea is investing in a 132 MW solar plus 325 MWh battery energy storage project in Guam, under development by a consortium of Korean developers. Technology Featured Leecell develops organic PV for indoor, outdoor use December 29, 2025 Valerie Thompson  The South Korean startup is developing organic solar cell technology made using a proprietary roll-to-roll process. It targets both indoor and outdoor integrated PV applications. Trina Solar posts new milestones for tandem efficiency, module power December 24, 2025 Vincent Shaw  Trina Solar says new certified results in perovskite-crystalline silicon tandem cells and modules demonstrate progress toward industrial-scale next-generation PV. PV redox flow battery with 4.2% solar-to-electricity conversion efficiency December 24, 2025 Lior Kahana  Scientists in China have constructed and tested a device that uses redox couples paired with a single triple-junction amorphous-silicon photoelectrode. When tested under a xenon lamp simulating one sun, the device achieved an average solar-to-electricity conversion efficiency of 4.2%. Korean researchers build tin monosulfide solar cell with 4.81% efficiency December 24, 2025 Valerie Thompson  The efficieny result represents one of the best performances ever achieved for this kind of thin-film solar cell to date. The device was fabricated with a rear contact interface that reportedly enhances charge transport. Carmaker uses repurposed EV batteries to help power production plant December 24, 2025 David Carroll  Repurposed electric vehicle batteries have been used for the energy storage component of a solar and battery project that is now helping power operations at carmaker Nissan Australia’s aluminium casting plant in Victoria. Remote sensing-based tech for hourly snow-induced PV power losses assessment December 24, 2025 Valerie Thompson  A team of Sweden-based researchers has developed a snow loss model to estimate snow-induced PV power losses on an hourly basis. The proposed approach relies solely on data from remote sensing sources, such as aerial imagery, LIDAR, and satellite data. Manufacturing Featured Waaree targets Europe expansion under EU Net-Zero Industry Act December 26, 2025 Uma Gupta  Indian solar manufacturer Waaree Energies is seeking to expand in Europe as the EU Net-Zero Industry Act (NZIA) reshapes solar procurement and supply-chain requirements. It says its scale, bankability and multi-gigawatt manufacturing track record position it to meet tightening European requirements on supply-chain resilience and traceability. Trina Solar completes sale of 5 GW U.S. module plant to T1 Energy December 24, 2025 Vincent Shaw  Trina Solar has completed the sale of its 5 GW US solar module factory to T1 Energy, exiting direct manufacturing while retaining a minority equity stake. Saatvik Green commissions 2 GW EPE film manufacturing facility December 24, 2025 Uma Gupta  Saatvik Green Energy has commissioned a 2 GW in-house EPE film manufacturing facility at its Ambala campus in Haryana. Aiko achieves 34.76% efficiency for 2-terminal perovskite-silicon tandem solar cell December 23, 2025 Valerie Thompson  The Chinese manufacturer said its 2-terminal 34.76%-efficient perovskite-silicon tandem lab-scale cell is based on heterojunction technology and developed by a collaboration of Solarlab Aiko Europe, Aiko headquarters, and its R&D in Yuwi, China. Research shows vacuum melting is key to efficient silicon kerf recycling December 23, 2025 Emiliano Bellini  Researchers in Norway investigated the melting behavior of silicon kerf agglomerates under different atmospheres and temperatures to improve recycling for solar-grade silicon. They found that vacuum melting enhances deoxidation and produces a homogeneous, oxide-free melt, while agglomerate size has little effect on melting behavior. Solar glare forces panel removal at Amsterdam Airport December 23, 2025 Emiliano Bellini  Glare from a nearby solar park forced temporary runway closures at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, prompting Dutch authorities to order the removal of about 78,000 PV modules and apply anti-reflective film to others. The solar park operator, however, decided to replace all the panels. The largest portion of the removed, near-new modules have since been acquired by BM Energy and are expected to be redeployed in projects where glare is not a concern. Energy Storage Featured Massachusetts awards 1.3 GW in first large-scale energy storage tender December 26, 2025 Tristan Rayner  The US state of Massachusetts has selected four battery projects totaling 1.3 GW under its first major procurement round to meet a statutory target of 5 GW of energy storage by 2030. New York Power Authority renewables plan shows financial challenges for building solar December 24, 2025 William Driscoll  The levelized cost of building a solar project in New York far exceeds the expected revenue from selling solar power, says a NYPA plan, with project success potentially depending on the sale of renewable energy credits at a satisfactory price. Solar and storage program forecast to save all Massachusetts ratepayers $313 million per year December 24, 2025 Ryan Kennedy  Solar plus storage can also offer winter reliability improvements and limit gas consumption, finds a report from Synapse Energy Economics and the Solar Energy Industries Association. Zambia opens solar-plus-storage tender December 23, 2025 Patrick Jowett  Zambia National Energy Corp. Ltd. (ZNEC) has launched a tender to deploy solar plants and battery energy storage systems (BESS) in the country’s 156 constituencies under a national electrification initiative. Neoen begins construction of Tesla Megablock battery in Australia December 23, 2025 David Carroll  Neoen Australia has launched construction of its third big battery in less than 90 days, helping accelerate Australia’s energy transition with 20 GW of utility-scale solar, wind, gas, batteries and pumped hydro now either commissioning or under construction. Off-grid floating PV-desalination system for hydrogen production December 23, 2025 Lior Kahana  Scientists have simulated a solar-powered hydrogen production system comprising 32,050 photovoltaic panels, a pumping system, a seawater reverse-osmosis desalination unit, an electrolyzer, and a hydrogen storage tank. Operation of the system in Oman could potentially yield a levelized cost of electricity of $0.05/kWh and a levelized cost of hydrogen of $9.5/kg. Legal Notice Terms and Conditions Data Privacy © pv magazine 2025 × Keep up to date pv magazine offers daily updates of the latest photovoltaics news. Stay informed. Join our newsletter. Email * Select Edition(s) * Hold Ctrl or Cmd to select multiple editions. Tap to select multiple editions. Global (English, daily) Germany (German, daily) U.S. (English, daily) Australia (English, daily) China (Chinese, weekly) India (English, daily) Latin America (Spanish, daily) Brazil (Portuguese, daily) Mexico (Spanish, daily) Spain (Spanish, daily) France (French, daily) Italy (Italian, daily) Read our Data Protection Policy . Δ