Subsidiary companies | Qantas AU Home About us Subsidiary companies Subsidiary companies In addition to the core business of transporting passengers and air freight, Qantas operates a number of subsidiaries, including QantasLink and Jetstar, and also has interests in associated businesses. Jump to... QantasLink Qantas Loyalty Qantas Freight Jetstar Jetconnect You might also like QantasLink QantasLink operates more than 2,000 flights each week to a network of metropolitan and regional destinations across Australia. Find out more about QantasLink . Qantas Loyalty Qantas Loyalty is an innovative data led business that drives customer and partner loyalty through our Qantas Frequent Flyer and Qantas Business Rewards programs. More than 12 million members are rewarded with Qantas Points across a range of categories, including travel, financial services, retail, health and wellbeing, food and wine, and small business services. At the heart of Qantas Loyalty is our data, marketing and analytics service, powered by Red Planet. We use a convergence of research, analytics, and media to empower business strategy and understand which customers to talk to, and how to talk to them. Join forces with Qantas Loyalty to optimise the customer relationships that underpin your business. Discover how our unrivalled experience, expertise, and innovations can invigorate your loyalty strategies and drive your business forward. Qantas Freight Qantas Freight is Australia's largest independent air freight services business, shipping more than 4,000 air freight items to over 500 destinations globally every day. Dedicated cargo handling terminals are available in 22 locations around the world and our trusted business partners also offer road transport and door to door services to complete the delivery cycle. Visit Qantas Freight Opens in a new tab or window to find out more. Jetstar Jetstar Asia, the Qantas Group's Singapore-based low-cost subsidiary, has ceased operations from 31 July 2025. If you have a Qantas booking that includes a Jetstar Asia flight on or after 1 August 2025 contact us or your travel agent for further information. The Jetstar Group is a value based, low fares network of airlines operating in the leisure and value based markets offering all day, every day low fares. The Group consists of: Jetstar Airways in Australia and New Zealand (wholly owned by the Qantas Group), and Jetstar Japan, a partnership between the Qantas Group, Japan Airlines, Mitsubishi Corporation and Tokyo Century Corporation. Since taking off in 2004, the Jetstar Group has carried more than 400 million passengers across its extensive domestic and international network. Together, the Jetstar Group operates a modern fleet of more than 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, flying to over 50 destinations across more than 130 routes. Jetconnect Jetconnect is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Qantas Group, based in New Zealand, which operates services across the Tasman. It also supplies cabin crew for Qantas services to Australia and around the globe. The Jetconnect operation in New Zealand is supported by a small administration and training team with crew bases in Auckland and Wellington. Learn more about cabin crew and pilot opportunities. You might also like Customer charter Fleet In the community Qantas Group Pilot Academy Qantas Group Engineering Academy Qantas Group Safety Academy