The Quad City Times | Breaking News | | Read breaking news, sports and events from Davenport, Bettendorf, Moline, Rock Island and the the Quad Cities Region of Iowa and Illinois Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one: 2 subscriptions for only $20! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 40° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime Iowa Illinois Politics Business Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Guest/Columnists Sports High School College Professional Lifestyles Arts & Theatre Event Calendar Movies & TV Music Food & Dining Games Contests Comics Play Food & Drink Parenting Health Home & Garden Fashion People Pets Faith Celebrate Weather: Live radar Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Our Publications Bettendorf News QCT business Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs QC Auto Listings Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local I Love A Deal Shopping Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter Bluesky YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs QC Autos 40° Partly Cloudy Javascript is required to use this website. Clinton County inmate dies after being found unresponsive on Sunday Sarah Watson An inmate of the Clinton County Jail who was hospitalized after being found unresponsive on Sunday has died, the Clinton County Sheriff's Office said Wednesday. 5 Takeaways from Iowa’s win over Vanderbilt: Iowa confirms Heisman voters made right choice picking Fernando Mendoza over Diego Pavia Ethan Petrik The Iowa Hawkeyes backed up the 2025 Heisman Trophy winners and hit a pair of milestones in a ReliaQuest Bowl win over Vanderbilt on Wednesday. Iowa holds on for win over Vanderbilt in 2025 ReliaQuest Bowl Ethan Petrik Iowa downed Vanderbilt in the 2025 ReliaQuest Bowl as the Hawkeyes held of Commodores' second-half rally. National Weather Service forecasts ice jam on Rock River to cause moderate flooding Sarah Watson Ice jams on the Rock River will lead to some flooding in Moline, according to a forecast by the National Weather Service. Iowa State coach Jimmy Rogers reveals 4 new defensive coaching staff hires Ben Hutchens Meet Iowa State's four new positional coaches on defense. Sports betting lobby suing to block Chicago’s new online wagering tax ALICE YIN
Chicago Tribune The suit alleges that the sports betting tax, set at 10.25% of online bets placed in the city, passed by the city council this month is unconstitutional. Photographer Katelyn Metzger picks her favorite pictures of 2025 Katelyn Metzger A look at the Quad-City Times and Dispatch-Argus chief photographer Katelyn Metzger's favorite frames from the past year. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You "Absolute crisis": What US Senator Ted Cruz, Governor Ron DeSantis said about Iowa State transfer exodus Iowa holds on for win over Vanderbilt in 2025 ReliaQuest Bowl Jimmy Rogers, Iowa State keep two important defensive players from transfer portal The Latest Ice jams causing flooding on the Rock River in Moline, NWS warns Ice jams will cause flooding on the Rock River in Moline over the New Year holiday weekend, the National Weather Service warned Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium In 2023, The Buffalo News asked its readers to share their memories of the day Rich Stadium hosted its first Buffalo Bills game. Here's what they had to say. Quad-Cities neighbors: Obituaries for December 31 Read through the obituaries published today in The Quad-City Times. December 30 recap: Quad-Cities news you may have missed today Get a recap of Tuesday's local news stories from The Quad-City Times. Quad-Cities neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in The Quad-City Times. December 29 recap: Quad-Cities news you may have missed today Get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from The Quad-City Times. Quad-Cities neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in The Quad-City Times. Quad-Cities neighbors: Obituaries for December 28 Read through the obituaries published today in The Quad-City Times. Editor's Pick Photographer Katelyn Metzger picks her favorite pictures of 2025 Katelyn Metzger A look at the Quad-City Times and Dispatch-Argus chief photographer Katelyn Metzger's favorite frames from the past year. Interact With Us Find your new ride Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Latest Video Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 Ice jams causing flooding on the Rock River in Moline, NWS warns Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium Milan Momcilovic interview | West Virginia preview Sports Illinois beats Tennessee in the Music City Bowl to keep Big Ten undefeated this bowl season David Olano kicked a 29-yard field goal as time expired, and Illinois beat Tennessee 30-28 in the Music City Bowl. Photos: Normal Community boys win the State Farm Holiday Classic large school division against Rock Island Augustana, SAU basketball teams back in action after hiatus After Christmas, it's back to basketball for the Augustana College and St. Ambrose University teams. Music City Bowl experience mixes football, family for Illinois Illinois football talks about it all time — even misspelling the word in its signage: FamILLy. Nice to see the program is practicing what it preaches. Listen Now Podcasts Which of these 2026 predictions will look smartest 12 months from now? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎧 The hosts debate political shake-ups, electric vehicle momentum and artificial intelligence backlash in the new year, and then grade the forecasts they made one year earlier. Ranking the best movies and TV shows of 2025 | Streamed & Screened podcast In this week's episode, co-hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz share their favorite movies and television shows from the year. Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Life & Entertainment New Year's celebrated around the globe with defiance or hope Drummers pounded in the New Year and computer-generated horses were shown over the Great Wall in China as Asia marked the start of 2026. Photos of New Year's celebrations around the globe Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 The world has begun saying goodbye to 2025, with South Pacific nations first to welcome 2026. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Partner The New Rules of Virality: The Visual Content That Drives the Most Engagement Online Provided content. While trends differ across platforms, several visual behaviors appear universal. Partner Smart dispensers and AI tracking improve office hygiene and accountability Provided content. Offices today are turning to smart dispensers and AI-powered tracking systems to manage cleanliness more effectively. Sponsored Culture Bright – Holiday Event Series Recap 2025 Content by The Cultural Trust. This week was proof of what collaboration can build in the Quad Cities when everyone brings their best. Sponsored Thank you to these Culture Champions for an incredible Culture Bright season Content by The Cultural Trust. Culture Champions — the ones who are the believers, the connectors and the ones who made Culture Bright shine. Thank you! Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Timberlyn Lighting Management Consoltants 11 Hawkeye Ln, Geneseo, IL 61254 Website Kemps Plumbing & Electric 303 STEEPLECHASE CIRCLE, Bourbonnais, IL 60914 Vent Pro 320 17th Ave, Moline, IL 61265 Website Print Ads Car KEY AUTO MALL,  INC - Ad from 2025-12-28 Transportation Windstar Travel - Ad from 2025-12-28 Medical MercyOne Clinton Medical Center - Ad from 2025-12-26 Food HY-VEE-QCT - Ad from 2025-12-28 Construction MAINSTREAM HOME IMPROVEMENT - Ad from 2025-12-28 Office CNA - 2X2 NETWORK - Ad from 2025-12-30 Car ERIKSEN CHEVROLET - Ad from 2025-12-26 Sale BLACKHAWK BANK & TRUST - Ad from 2025-12-28 Car Zimmerman Honda - Ad from 2025-12-27 Office CNA - 2X2 NETWORK - Ad from 2025-12-30 Quad City Storm - Click-it for Tickets × Facebook Twitter Bluesky YouTube Pinterest Instagram Bettendorf News QCVarsity.com Plus 60 Sites & Partners E-edition Email Newsletters Quad-Cities Calendar Obituaries Weather Online Features Services Activate Full Access Advertise with Us Contact Us Job Search Start a Subscription Privacy Policy Terms of Service Customer Service Work here Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Licensing Shopping © Copyright 2025 The Quad-City Times , 500 E 3rd St. Davenport, IA 52801 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe