Healthcare Workforce Management Solutions - QGenda Skip to content Solutions Our Platform Workforce Management Healthcare-specific solutions for the entire care team in a single, unified platform Platform Overview Our Products Workforce Scheduling > Build and manage optimized care team schedules system-wide For Providers | For Nurse & Staff On-Call > Centralize on-call schedules into a single source of truth Time & Attendance > Streamline time tracking and simplify complex pay calculations For Providers | For Nurse & Staff Credentialing > Complete provider credentialing processes up to 50% faster Credentialing | Payer Enrollment Clinical Capacity Management > Centralize exam room management and increase room utilization Residency Management > Elevate GME program quality, accreditation, reimbursement, and resident success Workforce Analytics > Optimize the workforce and maximize space utilization Integrations > Exchange data across the healthcare IT ecosystem Who We Serve By Organization Academic Medical Centers > Federal > Hospitals & Health Systems > International > National Practice Groups > Private Practices > By Specialty Anesthesiology > Cardiology > Emergency Medicine > OBGYN > Orthopedics > Radiology > All Specialties >>> By Department Finance > HR > IT > Med Staff > By User Nurses > Physicians > Customer Experience Customer Success Our Approach > Maximize the value of your QGenda investment Customer Stories Sentara Health > Break down communication barriers for better patient care Children’s Nebraska > Improve operational efficiency and patient access All Customer Stories >>> Customer Support Customer Portal > Open Support Case > Help Center > Login Help > QGenda Customer Portal Find Answers Fast Access the Help Center, address login questions, or enter a support ticket Customer Portal Resources By Type Articles > Blogs > Customer Stories > Datasheets > eBooks > Infographics > Press Releases > Reports > Videos > Webinars > View All Resources >>> By Business Need Optimized Workforce > Empower and engage a more productive workforce Higher Operating Margins > Reduce costs, improve efficiency, and boost revenue generation Digital Transformation > Unify and transform healthcare workforce management Company About QGenda Our Story & Leadership > Why QGenda > Partners > Press Releases > Join Us Careers > Our Culture & Social Responsibility > Contact Us Customer Support > Request a Demo > Contact Us > Solutions Our Platform Workforce Management Healthcare-specific solutions for the entire care team in a single, unified platform Platform Overview Our Products Workforce Scheduling > Build and manage optimized care team schedules system-wide For Providers | For Nurse & Staff On-Call > Centralize on-call schedules into a single source of truth Time & Attendance > Streamline time tracking and simplify complex pay calculations For Providers | For Nurse & Staff Credentialing > Complete provider credentialing processes up to 50% faster Credentialing | Payer Enrollment Clinical Capacity Management > Centralize exam room management and increase room utilization Residency Management > Elevate GME program quality, accreditation, reimbursement, and resident success Workforce Analytics > Optimize the workforce and maximize space utilization Integrations > Exchange data across the healthcare IT ecosystem Who We Serve By Organization Academic Medical Centers > Federal > Hospitals & Health Systems > International > National Practice Groups > Private Practices > By Specialty Anesthesiology > Cardiology > Emergency Medicine > OBGYN > Orthopedics > Radiology > All Specialties >>> By Department Finance > HR > IT > Med Staff > By User Nurses > Physicians > Customer Experience Customer Success Our Approach > Maximize the value of your QGenda investment Customer Stories Sentara Health > Break down communication barriers for better patient care Children’s Nebraska > Improve operational efficiency and patient access All Customer Stories >>> Customer Support Customer Portal > Open Support Case > Help Center > Login Help > QGenda Customer Portal Find Answers Fast Access the Help Center, address login questions, or enter a support ticket Customer Portal Resources By Type Articles > Blogs > Customer Stories > Datasheets > eBooks > Infographics > Press Releases > Reports > Videos > Webinars > View All Resources >>> By Business Need Optimized Workforce > Empower and engage a more productive workforce Higher Operating Margins > Reduce costs, improve efficiency, and boost revenue generation Digital Transformation > Unify and transform healthcare workforce management Company About QGenda Our Story & Leadership > Why QGenda > Partners > Press Releases > Join Us Careers > Our Culture & Social Responsibility > Contact Us Customer Support > Request a Demo > Contact Us > Demo Login Solutions Workforce Management Workforce Scheduling For Providers For Nurse & Staff On-Call Time and Attendance For Providers For Nurse and Staff Credentialing For Providers Payer Enrollment Clinical Capacity Management Residency Management Workforce Analytics Integrations Who We Serve By Industry Academic Medical Centers Federal Hospitals & Health Systems International National Provider Groups Private Practices By Specialty Anesthesiology Cardiology Emergency Medicine OBGYN Orthopedics Radiology All Specialties By Department Finance HR IT Med Staff By User Nurses Physicians Customer Experience Customer Success Our Approach Customer Stories Sentara Health Children’s Nebraska All Customer Stories Customer Support Customer Portal Open Support Case Help Center Login Help Resources Articles Blogs Customer Stories Datasheets eBooks Infographics Press Releases Reports Videos Webinars View All Resources Company About QGenda Our Story and Leadership Why QGenda Partners Press Releases Join Us Careers Our Culture & Social Responsibility Contact Us Contact Us Request a Demo Support Menu Solutions Workforce Management Workforce Scheduling For Providers For Nurse & Staff On-Call Time and Attendance For Providers For Nurse and Staff Credentialing For Providers Payer Enrollment Clinical Capacity Management Residency Management Workforce Analytics Integrations Who We Serve By Industry Academic Medical Centers Federal Hospitals & Health Systems International National Provider Groups Private Practices By Specialty Anesthesiology Cardiology Emergency Medicine OBGYN Orthopedics Radiology All Specialties By Department Finance HR IT Med Staff By User Nurses Physicians Customer Experience Customer Success Our Approach Customer Stories Sentara Health Children’s Nebraska All Customer Stories Customer Support Customer Portal Open Support Case Help Center Login Help Resources Articles Blogs Customer Stories Datasheets eBooks Infographics Press Releases Reports Videos Webinars View All Resources Company About QGenda Our Story and Leadership Why QGenda Partners Press Releases Join Us Careers Our Culture & Social Responsibility Contact Us Contact Us Request a Demo Support Demo Login Optimize Your Care Team Healthcare Workforce Management Redefined Take care of the people who take care of your patients. Activate , deploy , and optimize the entire workforce – physicians, nurses, and staff – with QGenda healthcare workforce management to boost engagement and retention while driving operational efficiency and revenue growth. Learn More ANNOUNCEMENT QGenda Announces Acquisition of New Innovations > QGenda Announces Acquisition of New Innovations > Transform Your Approach to Workforce Management QGenda revolutionizes workforce management for the healthcare industry as the only provider to unify credentialing, scheduling, on-call, time and attendance, and capacity management on a single platform. A Healthcare-Only  Focus A Single Source of Truth  for Workforce Data Bridging HRIS, EHR, and Clinical Communications At QGenda we’re not just healthcare-specific; we’re healthcare -only . With unrivaled industry experience and expertise, our team built the QGenda platform from the ground up to address the complex requirements of the healthcare workforce across departments, specialities, and care settings. With QGenda, predictive scheduling maximizes productivity and reduces labor costs for physicians, nurses, and staff. The schedule serves as the foundation and single source of truth for the data-driven insights needed to optimize workforce and space resources. The QGenda platform fills a critical gap in your healthcare IT ecosystem, seamlessly bridging your HRIS and EHR systems to optimize care delivery with appropriate coverage. As the backbone of your unified clinical communications solution, QGenda’s accurate on-call schedule visibility improves patient care, access, and safety. A Healthcare-Only Focus At QGenda we’re not just healthcare-specific; we’re healthcare -only . With unrivaled industry experience and expertise, our team built the QGenda platform from the ground up to address the complex requirements of the healthcare workforce across departments, specialities, and care settings. A Single Source of Truth for Workforce Data With QGenda, predictive scheduling maximizes productivity and reduces labor costs for physicians, nurses, and staff. The schedule serves as the foundation and single source of truth for the data-driven insights needed to optimize workforce and space resources. Bridging HRIS, EHR, and Clinical Communications The QGenda platform fills a critical gap in your healthcare IT ecosystem, seamlessly bridging your HRIS and EHR systems to optimize care delivery with appropriate coverage. As the backbone of your unified clinical communications solution, QGenda’s accurate on-call schedule visibility improves patient care, access, and safety. Make the Complex Simple with Industry-Leading AI Forward-looking healthcare organizations have relied on the AI and machine learning integrated throughout the QGenda workforce management platform for more than a decade. QGenda’s AI-powered technologies assist in automating routine tasks, reducing administrative burdens and enabling clinical teams to focus more on direct patient care AI-driven schedule optimization and automated workflows ensure the right providers, with the right skills, are in the right place at the right time – at the right cost System-wide visibility and predictive technology help you identify and proactively address potential workforce issues, reduce labor costs, and improve operational efficiency 4,500+ customers 850,000+ physicians, nurses, and staff 100+ healthcare enterprise sites with end-to-end presence Workforce Solutions Built to Work Together 
with Scheduling as the Foundation Provider Scheduling QGenda Advanced Scheduling for Providers enables healthcare organizations to build and manage optimized physician schedules, faster using an automated, rules-based scheduling engine. Optimize provider utilization Build and manage optimized schedules faster using an automated, rules-based scheduling engine to align coverage with patient demand. Increase operational efficiency Easily manage and optimize provider schedules across each department, location or group system-wide. Improve provider morale and retention Achieve equitable, balanced schedules and streamline swapping and requesting workflows to reduce provider burnout. Learn More About Provider Scheduling Nurse & Staff Scheduling Designed for the unique complexities of healthcare, QGenda Advanced Scheduling for Nurse and Staff reduces premium labor costs, improves retention of existing staff, and optimizes the available workforce. Reduce labor spend Optimize use of internal resources with improved visibility and resource sharing, and better predict demand for accurate coverage. Increase nurse and staff engagement Improve the employee experience with flexible, equitable schedules and a mobile app for shift swaps, PTO requests, and more. Simplify complex scheduling Use AI-driven scheduling and predictive tools to fill initial shifts and last-minute needs faster, putting resources where they’re needed most. Learn More About Nurse & Staff Scheduling Time & Attendance The QGenda Time and Attendance solution helps healthcare organizations optimize the time tracking and compensation process, reducing time to pay, improving payroll accuracy, and increasing provider satisfaction. Achieve payroll accuracy Automate time capture,approval,  exception corrections, and complex pay calculations  while ensuring time aligns with the schedule. Increase operational efficiency Minimize error-prone duplicate data entry, streamline workflows for faster payroll cycles,, gain insights for better workforce planning. Improve workforce satisfaction Reduce frustration and burnout caused by payroll errors and boost confidence in payroll accuracy for a better employee experience. Learn More About Time & Attendance Credentialing QGenda Credentialing is an intuitive solution that helps healthcare organizations complete credentialing faster and easier so that they can increase productivity, shorten turnaround times, and accelerate time to revenue. Increase staff productivity Improve accuracy and  efficiency with automation and workflows that enable staff to manage credentialing in less time. Facilitate a healthy revenue cycle Complete payer applications faster so providers can see patients and submit claims sooner for more complete reimbursements. Enhance provider and staff satisfaction Reduce redundant manual work, deliver seamless provider onboarding with mobile access, and ensure a great user experience. Learn More About Credentialing On-Call Management QGenda On-Call centralizes department on-call schedules across the enterprise into a single source of truth to accurately ensure visibility into who is on call. Reduce labor costs Streamline processes, reduce double data entry, and centralize on-call access for a single source of truth for efficient communications. Boost provider and staff satisfaction Enable real-time shift swapping and improve accurate schedule access via integration with. EHR/Clinical Communications systems. Improve care and mitigate risk Enable faster connection to clinicians and peers to minimize delays, reduce patient time in the ER, and simplify EMTALA compliance. Learn More About On-Call Management Clinical Capacity Management QGenda Clinical capacity management is a purpose-built solution for centralizing exam room management and increasing room utilization so that clinical organizations can see more patients, drive revenue, and control real estate costs. Optimize exam room utilization Automatically release rooms when providers are away from clinic due to PTO or call, and proactively identify rooms for reallocation. Increase patient volume and throughput Drive additional patient volume through increased access to exam rooms for additional clinical sessions or last-minute  appointments. Control real estate expenses Reduce investment in more clinical space by optimizing use of exam rooms and make data-driven decisions about future growth. Learn More About Clinical Capacity Management Workforce Analytics As the core analytics layer of the QGenda healthcare workforce management platform, QGenda Insights provides powerful data visualizations to proactively understand workforce and space trends and identify opportunities for improvement. Facilitate data-driven  decision making Aggregate and visualize data from across the enterprise for critical insights for optimizing workforce deployment and space utilization. Inform workforce and space planning Monitor key trends to guide  development of workforce and space plans that align with patient demand and established budgets. Drive transparency and accountability Align decision-makers enterprise-wide with standardized data  visualizations that provide insight into your workforce and clinical space. Learn More About Workforce Analytics Provider Scheduling Nurse & Staff Scheduling Time & Attendance Credentialing On-Call Management Clinical Capacity Management Workforce Analytics QGenda Advanced Scheduling for Providers enables healthcare organizations to build and manage optimized physician schedules, faster using an automated, rules-based scheduling engine. Optimize provider utilization Build and manage optimized schedules faster using an automated, rules-based scheduling engine to align coverage with patient demand. Increase operational efficiency Easily manage and optimize provider schedules across each department, location or group system-wide. Improve provider morale and retention Achieve equitable, balanced schedules and streamline swapping and requesting workflows to reduce provider burnout. Learn more about provider scheduling Designed for the unique complexities of healthcare, QGenda Advanced Scheduling for Nurse and Staff reduces premium labor costs, improves retention of existing staff, and optimizes the available workforce. Reduce labor spend Optimize use of internal resources with improved visibility and resource sharing, and better predict demand for accurate coverage. Increase nurse and staff engagement Improve the employee experience with flexible, equitable schedules and a mobile app for shift swaps, PTO requests, and more. Simplify complex scheduling Use AI-driven scheduling and predictive tools to fill initial shifts and last-minute needs faster, putting resources where they’re needed most. Learn more about nurse & staff scheduling The QGenda Time and Attendance solution helps healthcare organizations optimize the time tracking and compensation process, reducing time to pay, improving payroll accuracy, and increasing provider satisfaction. Achieve payroll accuracy Automate time capture,approval,  exception corrections, and complex pay calculations  while ensuring time aligns with the schedule. Increase operational efficiency Minimize error-prone duplicate data entry, streamline workflows for faster payroll cycles,, gain insights for better workforce planning. Improve workforce satisfaction Reduce frustration and burnout caused by payroll errors and boost confidence in payroll accuracy for a better employee experience. Learn more about time & attendance QGenda Credentialing is an intuitive solution that helps healthcare organizations complete credentialing faster and easier so that they can increase productivity, shorten turnaround times, and accelerate time to revenue. Increase staff productivity Improve accuracy and  efficiency with automation and workflows that enable staff to manage credentialing in less time. Facilitate a healthy revenue cycle Complete payer applications faster so providers can see patients and submit claims sooner for more complete reimbursements. Enhance provider and staff satisfaction Reduce redundant manual work, deliver seamless provider onboarding with mobile access, and ensure a great user experience. Learn more about credentialing QGenda On-Call centralizes department on-call schedules across the enterprise into a single source of truth to accurately ensure visibility into who is on call. Reduce labor costs Streamline processes, reduce double data entry, and centralize on-call access for a single source of truth for efficient communications. Boost provider and staff satisfaction Enable real-time shift swapping and improve accurate schedule access via integration with. EHR/Clinical Communications systems. Improve care and mitigate risk Enable faster connection to clinicians and peers to minimize delays, reduce patient time in the ER, and simplify EMTALA compliance. Learn more about on-call management QGenda Clinical capacity management is a purpose-built solution for centralizing exam room management and increasing room utilization so that clinical organizations can see more patients, drive revenue, and control real estate costs. Optimize exam room utilization Automatically release rooms when providers are away from clinic due to PTO or call, and proactively identify rooms for reallocation. Increase patient volume and throughput Drive additional patient volume through increased access to exam rooms for additional clinical sessions or last-minute  appointments. Control real estate expenses Reduce investment in more clinical space by optimizing use of exam rooms and make data-driven decisions about future growth. Learn more about clinical capacity management As the core analytics layer of the QGenda healthcare workforce management platform, QGenda Insights provides powerful data visualizations to proactively understand workforce and space trends and identify opportunities for improvement. Facilitate data-driven  decision making Aggregate and visualize data from across the enterprise for critical insights for optimizing workforce deployment and space utilization. Inform workforce and space planning Monitor key trends to guide  development of workforce and space plans that align with patient demand and established budgets. Drive transparency and accountability Align decision-makers enterprise-wide with standardized data  visualizations that provide insight into your workforce and clinical space. Learn more about workforce analytics “The more modern and robust workforce management solution from QGenda will automate and simplify time-consuming manual processes and provide a more engaging experience for our physicians and nurses.” Jim Venturella CIO, WVU Medicine ” Read the Press Release > “QGenda provides an integrated solution to modernize pay rules and policies with a schedule-driven approach to time tracking that will significantly reduce or eliminate the compensation errors previously caused by inaccurate pay codes.” Jeff Francis CFO, Nebraska Methodist Health System ” Read the Press Release > “Right now we have 5,000 providers that are using QGenda to figure out where they’re going [and] what their time management looks like. We’re processing payroll for our whole workforce using QGenda.” Paul Murphy Director, IT Business Partner, North American Partners in Anesthesia ” Watch the Video > “QGenda Credentialing will help our providers start seeing patients faster and submitting claims sooner.” Dr. Walter Allen Fink System CMO, University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio ” Read the Press Release > Announcements Mayo Clinic has expanded its collaboration with QGenda and will implement QGenda Advanced Scheduling and On-Call for Mayo Clinic physicians and advanced practice professionals at all campuses. QGenda Expands Provider Credentialing Footprint as More Enterprise Healthcare Customers Replace Legacy Systems with QGenda Credentialing Learn More QGenda Streamlines Credentialing at MyMichigan Health to Drive Operational Efficiency and Improve Patient Access Learn More WVU Medicine Selects QGenda for Healthcare Workforce Management across All 23 Hospitals Learn More Nebraska Methodist Selects QGenda Healthcare Workforce Management to Displace Legacy Tech for METHODIST System-Wide Scheduling and Time and Attendance Learn More Ready to learn more? Discover how QGenda can address your specific healthcare workforce management challenges and exceed your expectations. Schedule a demo with a healthcare workforce expert © 2025 QGenda, LLC Privacy | Terms | Legal Linkedin Youtube 3280 Peachtree Rd NE Suite 1400 Atlanta, GA  30305-2458 Sales Department Sales@QGenda.com 855-399-9945 Press 1 Customer Support Customer Portal 855-399-9945 Press 2 Solutions Workforce Management Workforce Scheduling On-Call Time & Attendance Credentialing Clinical Capacity Management Residency Management Workforce Analytics Integrations Who We Serve Academic Medical Centers Federal Hospitals & Health Systems International National Practice Groups Private Practice All Specialties Customer Support Customer Portal Open Support Case Help Center Login Help Company Our Story & Leadership Why QGenda Partners Careers Our Culture & Social Responsibility Contact Us Linkedin Youtube © 2025 QGenda, LLC Privacy | Terms | Legal Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information