A Unified Fundraising Platform for Nonprofits | Bloomerang Fundraising Skip to main content Qgiv is now Bloomerang Fundraising! The same trusted fundraising tools are now part of the Bloomerang Giving Platform! Products Giving Platform Overview Raise more money, grow your impact, and expand your reach. We'll help you the whole way. Donation Forms Modern, fast, user-friendly donation forms your donors will love. Event Management Unforgettable fundraising events to engage your donors, increase attendance, and boost donations. Text Fundraising Donors initiate a gift via text before visiting a mobile form to complete their donation. Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Raise more and grow your donor base online through races, bowl-a-thons, DIY fundraising, and other exciting events! Auction Fundraising A powerful, engaging bidding experience to help you raise more at your next auction. Donor Management | CRM Manage your entire constituent ecosystem, including donors, volunteers, sponsors, foundations, and more. Data, Reports, & Statistics Detailed reports, integrations, and statistics to help improve your campaigns. Integrations Our service integrations save you time so you can focus on making a difference. #Giving Tuesday Ultimate Guide Download Now Resources Blog Announcements, tips, trends, and fundraising education from the Bloomerang Fundraising team! eBooks + Templates Become a better fundraiser with our fundraising tools and best practices. Ask an Expert Our Ask an Expert series features real fundraising questions Explore the Series Our Story Pricing Login Support BOOK A DEMO A fundraising platform to support your world-changing work. A fundraising platform to support your world-changing work. Bloomerang Fundraising, formerly Qgiv, brings you the same trusted fundraising tools under a new name. GET A DEMO TOUR THE GIVING PLATFORM Donation forms Delight your donors and your development team with beautifully designed donation forms that make the giving experience quick and simple. LEARN MORE Event management Start collecting event registrations in minutes! From form creation to running reports, Bloomerang Fundraising makes event coordination easy. LEARN MORE Peer-to-peer Turn your community into a fundraising engine—mobilize your supporters with gamified tools, custom pages, and grow your mission. LEARN MORE Text fundraising Your donors carry their phones with them nearly 24/7— like a superhero sidekick. Raise more with tools that reach donors anywhere, anytime. LEARN MORE Auctions Make every auction count with smooth bidding experiences that boost participation and fundraising totals. LEARN MORE Data and reporting No guesswork, just game-changing data. Spot trends, predict churn, and unlock donor insights that fuel sharper, faster decisions. LEARN MORE Get Started Simplified giving. Amplified impact. See how Bloomerang Fundraising can help you raise more and build stronger donor relationships. Book a Demo Ready to get started? GET A DEMO Want to see the product in action? TAKE THE PRODUCT TOUR Products Platform Overview Donation Forms Event Registration Text-to-Donate Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Auctions Donor Management Data, Reports, & Statistics Integrations Resources Fundraising Blog eBooks + Templates Trust Center API Documentation Our Story Pricing Contact Us Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Policy ©2025 Bloomerang. All rights reserved.