Qiscus - Improve Customer Experience with the Customer Engagement Platform Multichannel Conversational Platform | Qiscus Back Products Qiscus Omnichannel Chat Centralize customer chats from 20+ applications into one platform. Qiscus AI Scale customer service effortlessly with AI technology. Qiscus Helpdesk Streamline customer support with a helpdesk ticketing system and knowledge base. Features & Add-ons Qiscus AgentLabs Ensure swift customer chat resolution with a smart AI Agent. WhatsApp Broadcast Send bulk marketing messages and important announcements via WhatsApp Qiscus Shop Drive sales growth with chat commerce solutions across chat applications. Qiscus Agent Copilot Boost your customer support team’s productivity with AI-powered technology. WhatsApp Call Initiate and receive customer calls seamlessly via WhatsApp Qiscus Survey Delve deeper into customer preferences with surveys. Qiscus Call Center Efficient Cloud PBX phone system for seamless call center operations. WhatsApp OTP Authentication and verification solution. Integrations Qiscus App Center Effortlessly connect with different applications through pre-built integrations. WhatsApp Business API Tap into the potential of WhatsApp Business through Official WhatsApp API. Instagram Messenger API Integrate Instagram Messenger into Qiscus products and solutions. Solutions JTBD Lead Generation Seamless lead capture via WhatsApp & other channels. Engagement and Conversion Automate follow-ups & promos to boost sales. Support and Service Empower CS teams to deliver top experiences across channels. Customer Marketing Boost up-selling & cross-selling with personalized messages. Division Sales & Marketing Enables effective marketing and sales activities through chat apps. Customer Service Improve team performance to manage more customer inquiries efficiently. Developer & IT Rapidly integrate chat and video call features into your app. Operations Teams Achieve more effective business operations with seamless communication. Industries Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Drive on-time payments and improve service satisfaction through relevant, real-time communication. Healthcare Deliver seamless patient experiences across every communication channel. Beauty and Wellness Turn customer conversations into reservations and product purchases for your beauty or wellness business. Pricing Resources Insights Why Qiscus? Customer Success Story Blog White Paper Company About Us Career Pers & Media Privacy Policy Term of Service Support Contact Sales Help Center Documentation Sign In Omnichannel Chat In-App Chat SDK Contact EN English Indonesia Unlock Higher Revenue with TikTok
                        Messaging Ads ! Learn more → Omnichannel Platform to Improve Sales and Enhance Customer Loyalty Converse directly with customers on multiple scalable channels in one platform to provide the best customer experience with Qiscus. Contact us and find out how Qiscus can help your business grow! Book Demo Book Demo Trusted by Thousands Reputable Companies Automate Customer Support 24/7 with AI Agent Qiscus AgentLabs enables your business to have an AI Agent to automate customer chat support that is customizable to align with your unique business processes. Empower your team by offloading repetitive tasks to our intelligent AI Agent, available 24/7 to answer customer queries. Learn More Manage Conversations of 20+ Channels on One Platform Responding to every customer chat via live chat, WhatsApp, Instagram, Facebook, Tokopedia and more has become faster and easier from just one platform. Generate More Leads Seamlessly The chat feature provided by Qiscus is perfect for lead generation, complete with a comfortable user experience and simple implementation process. Increase Sales Conversions Through Conversation Prospective customer follow-ups are made more accessible for your team. Meaningful conversations build relationships and lead to more deals. Provide Excellent and Quick Support So Customers Love You Automated agent allocation, performance analytics, and CSAT features help your team provide the best support service to every customer. Make Teamwork More Effective with Human-Bot Collaboration The chatbot solution from Qiscus optimizes your sales or support team performance. Implementation is also easy and fast with our No-Code Chatbot technology. Send Automatic and Personalized Messages Send personalized notification messages, OTPs, information on transactions, promotions, and many other message types in a more personalized way to every customer. Flexibly Integrate into Various Systems Solutions from Qiscus are able to be integrated into various systems or other applications flexibly according to your business’ requirements. Qiscus Solutions Have Been Proven to Enhance Business Performance +2X Up to 2X Increase in Sales Conversion +50% Up to 50% Reduction in Manpower Cost +90% Up to 90% Increase in Agent Productivity +2 Billion Messages +100 Million End Users +50.000 Agents Qiscus’ Client Testimonials Drisa Hajar CCS Team Leader “We see that Qiscus Omnichannel Chat is very effective in building and increasing engagement with customers and potential customers. In addition, with the Analytics feature, we know more accurately about various things, such as response time and agent performance. Of course, this also really helps us in the process of determining KPIs for the customer service team for the future.” Nailal Huda Putranto Customer Support & Experience Lead “The solution provided by Qiscus feels right to support the demand for an impressive customer experience from customers. The features that are provided are also attractive with a friendly user experience so that it feels more systematic and structured.” Rizky Anggara Fraud Prevention & Cost Controller Manager “The merging of all communication channels in Qiscus Omnichannel Chat helps us to provide a responsive service. In addition, the solution from Qiscus has stability, reliability, and a good UI, making it easier for us to improve the quality of communication services.” Robiatun Awaliyah Customer Service Lead of Avoskin “After we used WhatsApp Business API from Qiscus, we managed to increase customer satisfaction by up to 80% and we manage to respond to customers more quickly. In addition, customers also gave positive reviews about our customer service performance.” Andria Liestiawan Sales and Operation Head of Hartono “Since integrating WhatsApp Business API and Qiscus Omnichannel chat, almost 90% of our customers are satisfied with the communication services we provide, especially in terms of response speed“ Thomas Wijayanto Head of Technology, Honda Sales Operation “Qiscus Omnichannel Chat has been supporting the transformation of the field-selling project in Honda Sales Operation for over a year now. We have observed a decrease in Customer Acquisition Cost with this transformation, and in using Qiscus Omnichannel Chat, we are able to more easily coordinate between dealers and our sales agents.” Future-Proof Your Customer Engagement Strategy Fill in the form below and we will contact you right away to arrange a demo. Our team will show you how Qiscus can help your business continue to grow. Name Job Title Work Email Number of Employees: Choose from the list below 1 - 50 Employees 51 - 100 Employees 101 - 500 Employees 501 - 1000 Employees 1000+ Employees Phone Number How did you find us? Choose from the list below Search Engine Social Media Mass Media Referral Event Others Company All fields with * are required. Book Demo Maximize Customer Experience at every stage of the Customer Journey Lead Generation Identify and follow-up with all leads consistently Greet your customers on one platform and manage all customer information with CRM. More Info Engagement and Conversion Increase transparency and coordination of sales processes Answering questions, introducing products, identifying stages with CRM, and tagging. More Info Support and Service Sustain customer happiness and loyalty Provide efficient and structured support with Omnichannel inbox, ChatBot integration, customer satisfaction survey, and other solutions. More Info Customer Marketing Promote more services to your customers Provide information about new products, invite your customers to surveys, and increase sales from existing customers. More Info Excellence Awarded, Security Assured We Genuinely Care About Our Customers' Success SeaBank Maximizes Customer Service with Qiscus Omnichannel Chat Drisa Hajar CSS Team leader of SeaBank Madame Chang's Success in Providing 24/7 Nonstop Customer Service Rudy Papa Chang Founder Madame Chang Over 1000 Inquiries on Instagram: How Does Avoskin Manage? Robiatun Awaliyah Customer Service Lead of Avoskin Discover more success stories proving the potential positive impacts of Qiscus solutions on your business. Learn More Featured By the Following: Products Qiscus
                                    Omnichannel Chat Qiscus
                                    AgentLabs WhatsApp
                                    Broadcast Qiscus
                                    Shop Qiscus App Center Qiscus AI Qiscus
                                    Agent Copilot WhatsApp
                                    Call Qiscus
                                    Survey WhatsApp
                                    Business API Qiscus
                                    Helpdesk Qiscus Call
                                    Centre WhatsApp
                                    OTP Qiscus
                                    CDP Instagram
                                    Messenger API Promo TikTok Messaging Ads Insights Why Qiscus? Customer Success Story Blog White Paper Company About Us Career Press & Media Support Contact Sales Help Center Documentation Singapore: 10 Anson Road #26-06A International
                        Plaza, Singapore 079903 Jakarta: Sampoerna Strategic Square North Tower
                        Lantai 25, Jl. Jenderal Sudirman No.Kav. 45, Karet Semanggi, Setiabudi, South Jakarta City,
                        Jakarta 12930 Yogyakarta: Jl. Timoho No. 43, Muja Muju, Yogyakarta 55165 Privacy Policy Term of Service Qiscus © 2025 Do you allow us to use cookies? We use cookies in order to continue to improve the user experience and your convenience. View our website policy Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies Cookies Settings Functional Cookies Functional necessary cookies are essential for the basic functioning of the website. They enable core features such as page navigation, secure logins, and form functionality. Marketing Cookies These cookiestrack your browsing behavior and preferences across websites. By tracking user preferences, they enhance the overall browsing experience and ensure that the displayed ads are more likely to be of interest to the users. Analytical Cookies These cookies gather information about how users interact with the website, including the pages they visit, the time spent on each page, and any error messages encountered. Analytical cookies help improve website performance and user experience. Save & Submit