Qoria All countries and languages Corporate (English) Australia (English) Europe (English) New Zealand/Aotearoa (English) North America (English) Spain (Español) United Kingdom (English) About us About us Learn more about our company's story, goals, and impact. Our story Our reach Global Insights Spotlight: The Qoria Podcast Our solutions Trust Center Ethical practices Investors Careers Contact us All countries and languages Corporate (English) Australia (English) Europe (English) New Zealand/Aotearoa (English) North America (English) Spain (Español) United Kingdom (English) Our purpose Helping every child to thrive in their digital life Read our story Stock price: A$0.59 0 (0%) Schools supported: 32,000 across four continents Children kept safer: 27m around the world Impact: A child at potential serious risk found every 3 minutes Our reach: Across four continents Welcome to Qoria We are a global technology company, dedicated to keeping children safe and well in their digital lives. We do it by harnessing the power of connection to close the gaps they fall through, and to seamlessly support them on all sides - at school, at home and everywhere in between. Our connections define us. We're uniting all parties to advance child digital wellbeing to levels never before seen. Because none of us is as powerful as all of us. Who we are Your browser does not support the video tag. Meet our Qoria family We are a family of expert teams. We may not have the same name but we all share the same determination to keep children safe and thriving in their digital lives, wherever they are. Learn more > Linewize (North America) Helping schools, students and families develop better digital habits with the most comprehensive solutions in North America. Visit website > Linewize (New Zealand) Helping schools and their communities raise the bar in student digital wellbeing to levels never before seen. Visit website > Linewize (Australia) Working with schools to transform student wellbeing and learning outcomes. Visit website > Smoothwall A pioneer in digital safeguarding solutions for schools, Smoothwall has been the UK market leader for over two decades. Visit website > Qustodio Over 8 million parents trust Qustodio’s parental control tools to keep their kids’ screen time safe and balanced. Visit website > ySafe ySafe's award-winning team provides cyber safety education and support to schools across Australia. Visit website > News & insight null (SizeLimitingPyMap: {desktop={columns=2}, mobile={columns=1}, tablet={columns=2}}) Student self-harm: Warning signs, risks and school responses Linewize Accessing self-harm content online, evidence suggests, signals a student is at psychological risk. How much is at risk, and whether that risk involves troubling thoughts or troubling actions, is a tougher question. Read more + Twitter ticks and the implications for child online safety Smoothwall There’s been widespread publicity surrounding the removal of ‘legacy’ verification ticks from Twitter accounts. It brings with it implications for student online safety – so here’s a round up of the latest developments. Read more + A guide to using parental controls for under 8s Qustodio An upset toddler becoming instantly calm when handed a device is a scene familiar to many parents. With their bright colors and satisfying sounds, devices quickly attract young kids’ attention and put them, temporarily at least, in a good mood. Read more + Hong Kong School centres wellbeing in all pillars of student life Educator Impact Harrow strives to promote a strong sense of wellbeing in its three pillars of education: academics, co-curriculars, and pastoral care. Read more + Registered Office Level 3, 45 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA, Australia, 6000 Email: info@qoria.com Registered in Australia ABN 331 675 09177 Useful Links Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Accessibility Site Map Contact Us Follow us Facebook LinkedIn YouTube