This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Accept
Decline
Products

Use Case

Resources

Get Started
📈 Explore Qortex's mission and the Power of Content with insights from our CEO. Learn more
Advanced Video Intelligence
The power of content, quantified

Though nearly $200 billion is spent annually on video ads, advertisers are missing crucial insights to understand how the content itself drives business outcomes. Meanwhile, publishers struggle with the inability to assess the true value of their content. Video content makes up 82% of internet activity, but there’s a lack of clarity around the content and how it performs. Unthinkable, right?

Get started
500 hours
of new video content is uploaded every minute
82%
of internet activity is video consumption
137%
increase in purchase intent with video content
From signals to opportunities

Despite being in the golden age of video content, over 70% is misunderstood, leading to missed opportunities and ineffective targeting. With over 100,000 years of video available, only specialized AI can analyze and unlock its full potential in real-time. Qortex’s Advanced Video Intelligence provides precise insights, enabling data-driven decisions that drive measurable business outcomes.

Learn more
Understanding video

Our AI technology conducts in-depth, frame-by-frame video analysis to extract qualitative insights such as creative tone, content categorization, and video transcription. Beyond analysis, we bridge the gap between video content and impact by linking targeting, placement, and creative assets to measure and optimize their influence on performance and resonance.

Learn more
Video signals & insights

Video signals provide the clarity needed for content alignment, the most effective form of targeting. Unlike traditional behavioral targeting, which relies on past data, content alignment uses real-time video content to ensure ads are highly relevant. This method has been shown to increase performance by an average of 73%.

Learn more
Featured in
Discover new audiences, activate with precision, and turn every frame of video into intelligence that moves people to action.
Get started
Advertising and video insights in your inbox

Refer to our Privacy Policy for more details.

Company
Newsroom
Contact
Solutions
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Platforms
Resources
Blog
Creative Gallery
Case Studies and Guides
Partners
Terms
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Qortex All Rights Reserved