QRCode Monkey - The free QR Code Generator to create custom QR Codes with Logo The 100% Free QR Code Generator About Chrome App QR Code API English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Português Indonesian Русский ไทย عربى URL Text Email Phone SMS vCard MeCard Location Facebook Twitter Youtube WIFI Event Bitcoin More MP3 VIDEO PDF SOCIAL MEDIA APP STORE IMAGE GALLERY RATING FEEDBACK Enter Content Your URL Enter a valid URL Statistics and Editability Your Text This field is required Line breaks are allowed Your Email Enter a valid Email Subject Message Your Phone Number Enter a valid Phone Number Your Phone Number Enter a valid Phone Number Your Message Version 2.1 Version 3 Firstname Lastname Organization Position (Work) Phone (Work) Phone (Private) Phone (Mobile) Fax (Work) Fax (Private) Email Website Street Zipcode City State Country Firstname Lastname Nickname Phone 1 Phone 2 Phone 3 Email Website Birthday Street Zipcode City State Country Notes Search Your Address Latitude Longitude You can manually drag the marker on the map. Facebook URL Share URL Your Facebook URL Enter a valid URL Share your URL on Facebook Enter a valid URL Twitter URL Tweet Your Twitter URL Enter a valid URL Your Tweet Your Youtube URL Enter a valid URL Wireless SSID Password Encryption no encryption WEP WPA/WPA2 Event Title Event Location Starttime Endtime Select Cryptocurrency Bitcoin Bitcoin Cash Ethereum Litecoin Dash Address This field is required Amount You can support us with a bitcoin donation! See details . Thanks! Set Colors Foreground Color Single Color Color Gradient Custom Eye Color We recommend to make your color darker We recommend to make your color darker We recommend to make your color darker Linear Gradient Radial Gradient Eye Color We recommend to make your color darker We recommend to make your color darker Copy Foreground Background Color Make sure there is enough contrast to the darker foreground. Add Logo Image No Logo Upload Image File is too big. Max. size is 2 MB. Remove Logo Ad Spotlight your logo! Make your brand instantly recognizable as your company logo becomes the center of attention on your QR Code. Try now. Remove Background Behind Logo Upload your own custom logo image as .png , .jpg , .gif or .svg file format with a maximum size of 2 MB . You can also select a logo for your QR code from the gallery. Customize Design Body Shape Eye Frame Shape Eye Ball Shape Upload MP3, PDF or any file you wish to your QR Code. Low Quality x Px High Quality There are errors you have to fix before generating. Warning We recommend to give your colors more contrast between back- and foreground to work with all QR code readers. Create QR Code Download PNG .SVG .PDF* .EPS* * no support for color gradients The created static QR code is 100% free but if you need scan statistics , flexible editability and more features then have a look at our QR Code Generator for professionals. QR Code Templates Pick a Template {{template.name}} Your QR Code is being Generated. Please do not refresh or close the window. Done Generating. Downloading your QR Code. Ad QR Code Generator PRO: Create, design, manage, and track QR Codes for great mobile campaigns. Free Sign Up Your QR Code is being Generated. Please do not refresh or close the window. Done Generating. Downloading your QR Code. Ad Browse a variety of QR Code types to enrich print & digital media. Start your free trial. Sign Up Now Your QR Code is being Generated. Please do not refresh or close the window. Done Generating. Downloading your QR Code. Ad Do more with your QR Codes with Bitly Create, customize and track every QR Code you create in a single easy-to-use platform. Sign up for free Ad Browse a variety of QR Code types to enrich print & digital media. Free Sign Up Ad Find out which QR Code receives more scans and discover where your most valuable audience comes from. Free Sign Up Ad Make your brand instantly recognizable as your company logo becomes the center of attention on your QR Code. Free Sign Up Ad Create custom QR Codes with built-in landing pages and share any content or media—all with QR Code Generator PRO. Free Sign Up Get More The professional QR Code Management platform to create, track and edit all your QR codes in one place. Dynamic QR Codes Edit and change your QR codes anytime. Scan Statistics Track your QR codes and get insights about scans. Bulk Creation and Editing Create and edit many QR codes in no time. Campaign Folders Structure and organize your QR codes in campaign folders. More Design Options Create transparent QR codes and reusable design templates. Get Started Now Get Started Create your custom QR Code with Logo 1 Set QR Content Select a content type at the top for your QR code (URL, Text, Email...). After selecting your type you will see all available options. Enter all fields that should appear when scanning your QR code. Make sure everything you enter is correct because you can’t change the content once your QR code is printed. 2 Customize Design You want your QR code to look unique? Set a custom color and replace the standard shapes of your QR code. The corner elements and the body can be customized individually. Add a logo to your QR code. Select it from the gallery or upload your own logo image. You can also start with one of the templates from the template gallery. 3 Generate QR Code Set the pixel resolution of your QR code with the slider. Click the "Create QR Code"-button to see your qr code preview. Please make sure your QR code is working correctly by scanning the preview with your QR Code scanner. Use a high resolution setting if you want to get a png code with print quality. 4 Download Image Now you can download the image files for your QR code as .png or .svg , .pdf , .eps vector graphic. If you want a vector format with the complete design please choose .svg. SVG is working in software like Adobe Illustrator or Inkscape. The logo and design settings currently only work for .png and .svg files. About The Free QR Code Generator for High Quality QR Codes QRCode Monkey is one of the most popular free online qr code generators with millions of already created QR codes. The high resolution of the QR codes and the powerful design options make it one of the best free QR code generators on the web that can be used for commercial and print purposes. Endless lifetime with unlimited scans QRCode Monkey also has no limitations. All generated QR codes will work forever, do not expire and have no scanning limits like you see at other commercial QR code generators. The created QR codes are static so the only limitation is that you can't edit the QR code again. QR Codes with Logo Put a custom brand on your QR code. With QRCode Monkey it is very simple and straightforward to add a logo to your QR Code. The QR codes are still readable. Every QR code can have an error correction up to 30%. This means 30% of the QR code (excluding the corner elements) can be removed and the QR code is still working. We can put a logo image on the QR code that covers up to 30%. Custom Design and Colors Make your QR code look really unique with our design and color options. You can customize the shape and form of the corner elements and the body of the QR code. You can also set your own colors for all QR code elements. Add a gradient color to the QR code body and make it really stand out. Attractive QR codes can increase the amount of scans. High resolution QR Codes for Print QRCode Monkey offers print quality QR codes with high resolutions. When creating your QR code set the pixel size to the highest resolution to create .png files in print quality. You can also download vector formats like .svg, .eps, .pdf for best possible quality. We recommend the .svg format because it includes all design settings and gives you the perfect print format that can be used with most vector graphic software. QR Code Vector Formats Most free QR code makers only allow creating QR codes in low resolutions and do not offer vector formats. Use the offered vector formats to print QR Codes in huge resolutions without losing quality. We recommend the .svg format for further editing. The offered .pdf and .eps formats only support classic QR codes without the design and logo options. Free for commercial usage All generated QR Codes are 100% free and can be used for whatever you want. This includes all commercial purposes. Frequently Asked Questions What is a QR code? QR code stands for Quick Response Code and is barcode type that was invented by Denso Wave in 1994. Get more information at Wikipedia . Can I use the generated QR Codes for commercial purposes? Yes, all QR codes you created with this QR generator are free and can be used for whatever you want. Are the created qr codes expiring? They do not expire and will work forever! QR Codes created with QRCode Monkey are static and do not stop working after a certain time. You just can’t edit the content of the QR Codes again. Is there a scan limit for the QR codes? There is no limit and the created QR code will work forever. Scan it is many times as you wish! Is QRCode Monkey saving my data? We do not save or reuse your data in any form. We cache your qr code image files for 24h on our server to optimize the performance of QRCode Monkey. Why is my vCard QR code not showing the correct fields? Not all QR code scanners follow the official vCard standard which results in mixed up contact fields. Please try another QR code scanner app for better results. My QR code is not working, what can I do? There are many reasons why a QR code is not working correctly. At first check your entered data. Sometimes there are little typos in your URL that break your QR code. Some QR codes (like vCard) contain a lot of data. Try reducing the data you entered for your QR code when possible. This can make it easier for QR code scanner apps to read your code. Try to remove the logo in your QR code and check if this helps. Also make sure that there is enough contrast between the background and foreground of the QR code. The foreground should always be darker than the background. Here is an article about reasons why your QR codes are not working . Does QRCode Monkey work in all browsers? QRCode Monkey needs a modern HTML5 capable browser and is officially supporting Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge and Internet Explorer 11. QR Code API English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Português Indonesian Русский ไทย عربى Imprint QR Code is a registered trademark of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED in the United States and other countries.