QSL.net Home About Contact Search QSL.NET Login Make a Donation The Help Page Sign Up for a Website or Email Address DX'ers This is for you! EMail Mailing Lists Latest System News Acceptable Use and Privacy Policy In memory of QSL.net Founder Alan Waller K3TKJ K3TKJ, Alan L. Waller, of Laurel, DE, passed away on December 1, 2025, leaving behind a legacy
cherished in the amateur radio community. Licensed since 1962 under his original call sign, Al was renowned 
for his passion for 6-meter DXing, operating a remarkable station featuring eight long-boom Yagis atop a 220' tower and several additional HF beams. He contributed his expertise as an operator at 
the W3PP HF contest station, collaborating with fellow radio enthusiasts. In 1996, Al founded the QSL.net and QTH.net websites, transforming online resources for hams worldwide, and his 
groundbreaking work earned him the Dayton Hamvention Technical Excellence Award in 2002. After retiring from web work in 2008, he entrusted his domains to Scott KA9FOX.  He, along with George K5TR, continue
to provide free web hosting, email forwarding, ham mailing lists and DXer information to the worldwide ham radio community. Al's pioneering spirit and technical achievements will be fondly remembered by friends and colleagues alike. Please read the " Latest System News " for important news! (May 30, 2025) QSL.net is dedicated to the sole purpose of furthering the abilities and interest of the Amateur Radio Community. If you are a licensed Amateur Radio Operator you are invited to reserve your free space on this server. Sign Up and you will receive a free @qsl.net e-mail address that forwards to your existing e-mail account, along with free web server space to either move your homepage to this server, mirror your existing one, or lose all those excuses and finally START one. You may also be interested in joining one of over 600 amateur radio mailing lists... or even starting your own e-mail mailing list... utilizing our Mailman mailing list server.  See http://mailman.qth.net for more information. For DX'ers, take a look at DX.QSL.NET , managed by N6RT.  You can search through over 2000 DX logs from over 100 different countries, using our powerful log search engine.  You can also view a large collection of dynamic propagation information and reports, including our new Tropo Ducting Reports.  And you may wish to spend some time with the #CQDX Chat service, where you can chat with other DXers and view real-time spots from DX Summit. Tell your fellow Hams about our free services. Spread the word, encourage this site to all Amateur Radio Operators -- the more the better. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us. QSL.NET is funded by YOUR contributions . Thanks for the support! We need your support! Copyright © 2009-2025 by QSL.net. All Rights Reserved.