Quick-Service and Fast Casual Restaurant News and Information - QSR Magazine - QSR Magazine Skip to content Food Beverage Breakfast Burgers Desserts Health & Wellness Menu Innovations Pizza Sandwiches The executive is working with a booming smoothie and juice sector. 6 Questions with Juice It Up! CEO Susan Taylor Growth Consumer Trends Emerging Concepts Fast Casual Finance Marketing & Promotions Sponsored Content Seventy-Four Percent of Consumers Look for LTOs Sponsored Content How a 21-Site Domino’s Franchise Fast Tracks Incident Claims Operations Back of House Business Advice Charitable Giving Compliance Customer Experience Design Drive Thru Employee Management Fast Food Legal Ordering Outside Insights POS Solutions Restaurant Operations Security Sustainability Technology Upcoming Webinar Reduce Turnover and Hire Smarter from the Start Upcoming Webinar Women in Pizza: How Pizzaiolas Are Shaping the Industry’s Future Franchising Franchise News Franchise Listings Events QSREvolution Conference Webinars CEO to CEO Events QSREvolution Conference Media Video QSR Uncut (Podcast) CEO to CEO QSR Uncut The State of Digital in Fast Food and Fast Casual: Revisited Resources Digital Editions Downloads Special Reports Featured Download The 2025 QSR 50 Food Beverage Breakfast Burgers Desserts Health & Wellness Menu Innovations Pizza Sandwiches Growth Consumer Trends Emerging Concepts Fast Casual Finance Marketing & Promotions Operations Back of House Business Advice Charitable Giving Compliance Customer Experience Design Drive Thru Employee Management Fast Food Legal Ordering Outside Insights POS Solutions Restaurant Operations Security Sustainability Technology Franchising Franchise News Franchise Listings Events QSREvolution Conference Webinars CEO to CEO Media Video QSR Uncut (Podcast) CEO to CEO Resources Digital Editions Downloads Special Reports Subscribe Search the site Subscribe Quick-Service and Fast Casual Restaurant News and Information – QSR Magazine Today's Top Story Consumer Trends Fast Casual Fast Food Story 12 QSR Podcasts for 12 Months: The Most-Listened-To Episodes of 2025 Danny Klein Editorial Director, QSR/FSR Recent News News Whit’s Frozen Custard Signs 5-Unit Development Agreement in Dallas-Fort Worth Market News Caribou Coffee Releases New Seasonal Menu News Nothing Bundt Cakes Brings Back Biscoff Cookie Butter Flavor and Debuts New Chocolate-Frosted Delight More News Featured Content More Why The Breakfast Company is One to Watch WiRL 2025 Year in Review: Celebrating the Women Shaping the Future of Restaurants McDonald’s in 2025: A Race to Reestablish Value, and Some Grinch Magic 7 Sessions I’m Looking Forward to at the Women in Restaurant Leadership Summit Mokas Coffee & Eatery Builds Franchise Model Around Connection How Restaurant Operators Can Protect Themselves Against Winter Risks Foxtail Coffee Reaches 100 Stores by Rejecting Traditional Franchise Playbooks Real-Time Mise en Place: A Smarter Way to Stay Ahead During Peak Hours More Sponsored Content Sponsored Content A Franchise Model That Protects Local Authenticity Recent Articles Sponsored Content Never Lose Revenue to Drive-Offs Again Sponsored Content 2026 Top Priorities for Restaurant Operators Sponsored Content The $4 Rule That’s Redefining Restaurant Delivery More Sponsored Content More Sponsored Content More Sponsored Content Why Beef Tallow is Leading to Operational Wins How to Drive Sales and Connect Faster How an Operator Beat Labor and Space Challenges Dominating the Industry Expanding Menus Without Expanding Workloads 2026 Growth Starts With One-to-One Guest Engagement The Hidden 40-Percent Profit Lift Waiting at Checkout How Denny’s Saved $190,000 and Eliminated Employee Safety Risks How a 60-Year Old Pizza Brand Continues to Inspire Franchise Growth More Sponsored Content Chain News Franchising McDonald's Starbucks Chick-fil-A Taco Bell Wendy's Burger King Dunkin' Donuts Subway Domino's Chipotle Sonic Panera Bread Pizza Hut Kentucky Fried Chicken Popeyes Arby's Little Caesars Dairy Queen Panda Express Jack in the Box Papa Johns Whataburger Wingstop Zaxby's Hardee's Culver's Jimmy John's Raising Cane's Five Guys Jersey Mike's Carl's Jr. Bojangles In-N-Out Burger El Pollo Loco Del Taco Checkers/Rally's Firehouse Subs Krispy Kreme Papa Murphy's Steak 'n Shake Qdoba Marco's Pizza Church's Chicken Tim Hortons Tropical Smoothie Cafe Freddy's McAlister's Deli Baskin-Robbins White Castle Moe's Southwest Grill Show All Chains Hide All Chains Women in Restaurant Leadership More women in restaurant leadership Story KFC’s ‘Staggering’ Global Growth Continues to Set the Pace News White Rhino Coffee Buys Emporium Pies White Rhino Coffee, a Dallas-born specialty coffee company known for its community-driven cafés and craft-focused approach, has purchased Emporium Pies, one of North Texas’ most beloved dessert destinations.  The acquisition unites two majority women-owned, local brands rooted in craft, quality, and community. Previous owners and sisters Landon Perdue, Jen Abohosh, and Addie Roberts agree that the […] News Scooter’s Coffee Names Mikala Friedrich Chief Human Resources & Systems Officer Story How Domino’s Kate Trumbull Built a Culture Addicted to Innovation More women in restaurant leadership Fast Casual Finance News Sandwiches Women in Restaurant Leadership Jersey Mike’s Subs Appoints Michele Allen CFO Fast Casual News Women in Restaurant Leadership Kelsey McManemin and Brittany Knollmiller to Bolster Marketing at HTeaO Fast Casual Franchising Growth News Sandwiches Women in Restaurant Leadership Potbelly Names Jennifer Durham SVP of Franchising and Development Beverage Fast Casual Growth Story Women in Restaurant Leadership Juice It Up! Celebrates 30 Years With Focus on Innovation and Guest Connection News Women in Restaurant Leadership Carpigiani North America Names Anna Pata President Story Women in Restaurant Leadership WiRL x GLEAM Mentor Program Empowers Next Generation of Women Leaders in the Restaurant Industry Fast Casual Fast Food News Women in Restaurant Leadership Kelly McCulloch Joins Inspire Brands as Chief People Officer Fast Food Marketing & Promotions Story Women in Restaurant Leadership Jessica Serrano on Driving Growth, Culture, and Creativity at Einstein Bros. Bagels QSR  Uncut Episodes Staying Relevant and Fueling Growth, with Rita’s CDO Lawrence Brown Listen to the Episode Episodes Will Starbucks’ Redesign Strategy Work? Becoming an Unmissable Brand, with Habit Burger & Grill CMO Jack Hinchliffe Kona Ice and the Making of One of America’s Top Restaurant Franchises Why Nostalgia is Not a Strategy, and How to Future-Proof Your QSR Brand, with Mike Perry Why Chicken and Beverages are Surging, and Other QSR Trends to Watch, with Datassential’s Huy Do Special Reports More Reports Story DOWNLOAD: Inside QSR’s 2025 Digital Disruptors Story The 2025 QSR® Drive-Thru Report Story The 50 QSR Contenders for 2025 Story The 2025 QSR 50: Fast Food’s Leading Annual Report More Reports Food Growth Operations Burgers Fast Food Franchising Growth Special Reports Story Technology Checkers Changes the Drive-Thru Game Yet Again Ben Coley Editor, QSR Beverage Franchising Growth News 7 Brew Surpasses 600 Locations Burgers Fast Casual Food Marketing & Promotions Menu Innovations News Shake Shack Introduces New Good Fit Menu Fast Food Marketing & Promotions News Krispy Kreme Offers Special Deals to Bring in New Year Recent Headlines News Sweetgreen Completes Sale of Spyce to Wonder Group News Voodoo Doughnut Releases New Disco Ball Doughnut Available on New Year’s Eve News Popeyes Announces New Meal Bundles in Partnership with Internet Streamers Torchy’s Tacos to Begin 2026 with Two New Menu Specials Torchy’s Tacos is kicking off the year with two new mouthwatering specials to make easing back into reality just that much sweeter (and spicier). Starting Jan. 1 and running through the end of the month, guests can enjoy a brand-new Taco of the Month and a seasonal drink that’s perfect for kicking the New Year off on the right foot: Long John Silver’s Announces Return of $6 Fish & Chicken Basket Long John Silver’s brings fish back to center stage with its latest limited-time offers. Starting today, guests can reel in savings with the return of the $6 Fish & Chicken Basket, featuring a piece of hand-battered fish and tender chicken, paired with the choice of a side and two golden hushpuppies.   Get the Best of Land and Sea – $6 Fish & Chicken Basket Returns!  At Long John Silver’s, we believe battered is better, and our $6 Fish & Chicken Basket proves it. Each basket includes a thick, flaky piece of wild-caught Alaska pollock alongside one […] Krystal to Kick Off 2026 by Giving Away Free Meals and Other Deals to Loyalty Members Krystal, the original home of the slider in the South, is ringing in 2026 with a loyalty-driven lineup of fresh deals designed to help guests start the year strong. From Jan. 1 through Feb. 15, new Club Krystal members will receive two free Krystals* when they join, along with access to weekly Mystery Reward Drops, ongoing app-only […] &pizza to Open at Rio Hotel & Casino Las Vegas Next Year &pizza, a rapidly rising star in the fast-casual pizza scene, will open its first West Coast location at Rio Hotel & Casino Las Vegas in Spring 2026, marking a major expansion milestone for the fast- brand as it continues to grow beyond its East Coast roots and joins Rio’s revitalized dining lineup. After launching its […] Dunn Brothers Coffee Introduces New Protein-Forward Food and Beverages Lee’s Famous Recipe Chicken to Bring Back Homestyle Bowl and Launches New Giveaway Lee’s Famous Recipe Chicken is starting the new year and its 60th anniversary by serving comfort and celebrating community with the return of its fan-favorite Homestyle Bowl and the launch of its Homestyle Hero Giveaway, a national initiative awarding five everyday heroes with $500 Visa gift cards. What: Beginning January 12, Lee’s Famous Recipe Chicken is bringing […] Cowboy Chicken Launches New Mac-n-Cheese Bowls Cowboy Chicken leans into comfort this winter with the launch of its brand-new Mac-n-Cheese Bowls, a limited-time lineup of three delectable variations guaranteed to satisfy even the hungriest of appetites and have guests hollerin’ for more. Available Dec. 29, 2025-March 8, 2026, these bowls start with Cowboy Chicken’s creamy white cheddar mac—a rich, savory twist on […] Ono Hawaiian BBQ to Open in Porterville, California Ono Hawaiian BBQ, the family-owned, California-born fast-casual brand known for its Hawaiian-inspired plate lunches, is opening a brand-new location in Porterville, expanding its presence in the Central Valley and bringing a taste of the islands to a growing local dining corridor. Located at the northwest corner of Poplar Avenue and Jaye Street, the new restaurant […] Tiki Taco Wraps Up 2025 with Momentum, Plans for Growth Portillo’s Crafts Special Meal with NFL Player DJ Moore Following one of the most exciting comebacks by Chicago’s beloved football team this past Saturday, Portillo’s is teaming up with DJ Moore – the famed wide receiver who made the game’s record-making and winning touchdown – to give fans the ultimate victory meal. Whether you are a football fanatic or just proud to call Chicago […] Del Taco Begins Another Chapter Under New Owner Yadav Enterprises Del Taco, the nation’s second-largest Mexican quick service restaurant* and a storied fast casual brand for more than 50 years, has officially entered a new chapter. Now part of a growing franchise portfolio owned by Yadav Enterprises, which operates more than 300 franchise restaurants nationwide, Del Taco today announced the formal start of business operations […] Pizza Hut to Offer BOGO Deal after Christmas The internet is about to enter its supreme era — and Pizza Hut is feeding the moment with the dinner of champions. From December 26–28, Pizza Hut is hooking fans up with the Party Supreme Deal: Buy any large pizza, get a second large FREE when fans use code SUPREME. As audiences get ready for one of the most buzzed-about supreme moments of the year, […] Subscribe to A.M. Jolt Get daily updates on quick-serve industry news, tips, and events. " * " indicates required fields Δ Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * CAPTCHA Subscribe Search the site Subscribe QSR delivers timely and in-depth reporting on the $350 billion quick-service restaurant industry. For 25 years, QSR has defined this market, including traditional fast food, fast casual, coffee, snacks, concessions, and related segments of the foodservice industry. Advertise Contact © 2025							WTWH Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions " * " indicates required fields Δ Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This field is hidden when viewing the form SalesforceID Name * First Last Phone * Email * What best describes your job function? Select Owner/President/Chief Executive Operations Buyer Financial Restaurant Manager F&B Operations Chef/F&B R&D Training/HR IT Systems Development/Franchising Sales/Marketing What best describes your company? Select Franchisor (You work on the corporate side of a restaurant concept or you work for a corporate-owned restaurant.) Franchisee (You are the owner of one or more chain restaurant locations or you work for a franchisee-owned restaurant.) Independent restaurant (You own or work for a non-franchised, one-of-a-kind restaurant.) Supplier/Allied to industry (You specifically do not work for a restaurant but do work for a business that serves the restaurant industry.) Consultant (You are not employed by a restaurant concept but are an individual providing time-based services to a restaurant or restaurant chain.) Locations of Interest * Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Liquid assets * Less than $100k $100k-$400k $400k-700k $700k-$1M $1M+ Are you planning to expand your portfolio in the next 3 months? * Yes No Would you like to subscribe to our newsletter? Yes, keep me updated with franchising information, news and opportunities SUBMIT × Copy Link Share On X Share On Facebook Share On LinkedIn CLOSE