Home | Quinnipiac University Skip to main content Academics Back to main menu Your Tools for Success At Quinnipiac, we provide the knowledge and resources you need to make a tangible impact on your chosen field. Through a combination of classroom theory and practical experience designed for you to succeed, you'll experience the life-changing opportunity of working and learning in the community and around the globe. Rankings and Distinctions Academics Find Your Program Explore Areas of Interest Undergraduate Programs Bachelor's Degree Completion Programs Accelerated Dual-Degree Programs Dual-Degree Programs Graduate and Undergraduate Certificates Micro-Credentials Graduate Programs Online and Hybrid Programs Law Programs Opens in a new tab or window. Medicine Programs Opens in a new tab or window. About Our Programs University Curriculum Pre-Professional Programs Honors Program Continuing Education Opens in a new tab or window. Summer Camps and Workshops Summer Courses Schools and College College of Arts & Sciences School of Business School of Communications School of Computing & Engineering School of Education School of Health Sciences School of Law Opens in a new tab or window. School of Medicine Opens in a new tab or window. School of Nursing Experiential Learning Career and Experiential Learning Lab Opens in a new tab or window. Study Abroad Study Domestic QU in Los Angeles QU in Washington, D.C. Rankings and Distinctions Centers and Institutes Areas of Interest Business and Finance Computing and Technology Data and Analytics Education Engineering Environment and Sustainability Health and Medicine Humanities and Culture Law and Public Policy Marketing and Communications Nursing Physical and Life Sciences Social Sciences STEM Programs Theater and Fine Arts Visual Arts and Design Writing and Journalism Related Resources Academic Calendar Academic Support Bookstores Course Catalog Opens in a new tab or window. Course Finder Opens in a new tab or window. Dean's List Faculty and Staff Directory Ireland’s Great Hunger Museum Opens in a new tab or window. Libraries Nondiscrimination and Title IX Opens in a new tab or window. One Stop Student Services Registrar Transcript Request University Policies Admissions Back to main menu Plan a visit Join us for a campus tour, or attend one of our Open Houses. Speak with an admissions counselor as well as current students — and experience what makes Quinnipiac so special. See Quinnipiac for yourself Admissions Undergraduate Apply Transfer Military International Visit Connect With Your Counselor Graduate Apply Opens in a new tab or window. Military Opens in a new tab or window. International Opens in a new tab or window. Visit Opens in a new tab or window. Contact Grad Admissions Opens in a new tab or window. School of Law Apply Opens in a new tab or window. Visit Opens in a new tab or window. Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Opens in a new tab or window. School of Medicine Visit Opens in a new tab or window. Residency Match Opens in a new tab or window. Related Resources Admitted Students Academic Calendar Visit and Tours Maps and Directions Student Consumer Information Tuition & Aid Back to main menu Paying for QU Choosing to pursue a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you find the support and resources to understand your options and make a plan for success. Tuition & Aid Undergraduate Costs and Budgets Net Price Calculator Explore Types of Aid Apply for Financial Aid Contact Financial Aid FAQs Graduate Costs and Budgets Opens in a new tab or window. Explore Types of Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Apply for Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Contact Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. FAQs Opens in a new tab or window. School of Law Opens in a new tab or window. Costs and Budgets Opens in a new tab or window. Types of Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Apply for Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. School of Medicine Opens in a new tab or window. Costs and Budgets Opens in a new tab or window. Types of Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Apply for Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Related Resources Browse Financial Aid Resources Manage Student Finances Ways to Help Pay for College Net Price Calculator Tuition Payment Programs One Stop Student Services Manage a QCard Self-Service Portal Opens in a new tab or window. Student Life Back to main menu A Community to Thrive In Every part of the student experience is designed with your success in mind. Explore all that we have to offer and discover how we can shape our shared community together. Quinnipiac Today Student Life Living at Quinnipiac Housing Options Living and Learning Experiences Dining Experience Dining Locations Meal Plans Special Events Campuses and Facilities Mount Carmel Campus York Hill Campus North Haven Campus Libraries Inclusive Excellence Our Vision Celebrations Health and Wellness Student Health Services Counseling and Mental Health Services Schedule an Appointment Support Services Safety and Security Public Safety Emergency Preparedness Spiritual and Religious Life Athletics and Recreation Fitness and Recreation Division I Athletics Intramural Sports Club Sports Clubs and Organizations Community Service Events, Activities and Traditions Law Student Life Medicine Student Life Graduate Student Life Related Resources Events Calendar Student Handbooks Opens in a new tab or window. Student Conduct CARE Team Nondiscrimination and Title IX Opens in a new tab or window. Parking Shuttle Schedules About Back to main menu Launching the University of the Future Quinnipiac is a private, coeducational university where students engage in an educational experience that’s both personal and challenging with faculty who care deeply about student outcomes. We offer a diverse range of programs and courses, including our industry-leading dual-degree programs, to approximately 6,500 undergraduate and 2,900 graduate, law and medical students. About Quick Facts Rankings and Distinctions Leadership Campuses and Facilities Mount Carmel Campus York Hill Campus North Haven Campus Virtual Tour Maps and Directions Explore the Area Our Vision for the Future Strategic Plan 'Designing Our Future' Facilities Plan South Quad Inclusive Excellence Sustainability Related Resources Quinnipiac Today Maps and Directions Quinnipiac Magazine Quinnipiac Poll Institutional Research & Strategy Student Consumer Information Faculty and Staff Directory Support QU Back to main menu For the Ambitious As we approach our centennial, Quinnipiac is launching its first comprehensive campaign, aiming to raise $160 million to help eliminate barriers to education, launch even more groundbreaking programs, and establish Quinnipiac as a model of learning in a rapidly changing world. Give Now Opens in a new tab or window. Support QU Giving Opens in a new tab or window. Ways to Give Opens in a new tab or window. Foundation Relations Opens in a new tab or window. Planned Legacy Giving Opens in a new tab or window. Corporate Partners Program Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Events Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Resources Opens in a new tab or window. Update Your Information Opens in a new tab or window. Submit a Class Note Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Networks Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Career Resources Opens in a new tab or window. Join Bobcat Connect Opens in a new tab or window. Access job postings through Handshake Opens in a new tab or window. QU Today Events Calendar Give Contact Us Select an Audience Info for/about: Info for/about: Admitted Students Info for/about: Alumni Info for/about: Bobcat Fans Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Bookstores Info for/about: Career Development Info for/about: College Counselors Info for/about: Corporate and Organizational Partners Info for/about: Current Students Info for/about: Donors & Volunteers Info for/about: Employers Hiring Students & Grads Info for/about: Hosting an Event at Quinnipiac Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Information Technology Services Info for/about: International Students Info for/about: Ireland’s Great Hunger Museum Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Job Seekers Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Local Community Member Info for/about: Media Relations Info for/about: One Stop Student Services Info for/about: Parent or Family Member Info for/about: Prospective & Future Students Info for/about: Prospective Parents and Families Info for/about: Quinnipiac Poll Info for/about: Registrar Info for/about: Staff or Faculty Member Info for/about: Veteran or Active Duty Member Visit Request Info Apply What are you looking for? Commonly Searched Terms Programs Schools Contact Suggested Search Results View All Search Results No results found. Please try a new search. Please try your search again using a different search term. View All Search Results Popular Resources Programs Listing Faculty and Staff Quinnipiac Today Events Calendar QU Today Events Calendar Give Contact Us Select an Audience Info for/about: Info for/about: Admitted Students Info for/about: Alumni Info for/about: Bobcat Fans Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Bookstores Info for/about: Career Development Info for/about: College Counselors Info for/about: Corporate and Organizational Partners Info for/about: Current Students Info for/about: Donors & Volunteers Info for/about: Employers Hiring Students & Grads Info for/about: Hosting an Event at Quinnipiac Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Information Technology Services Info for/about: International Students Info for/about: Ireland’s Great Hunger Museum Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Job Seekers Opens in a new tab or window. Info for/about: Local Community Member Info for/about: Media Relations Info for/about: One Stop Student Services Info for/about: Parent or Family Member Info for/about: Prospective & Future Students Info for/about: Prospective Parents and Families Info for/about: Quinnipiac Poll Info for/about: Registrar Info for/about: Staff or Faculty Member Info for/about: Veteran or Active Duty Member Visit Request Info Apply Academics Your Tools for Success At Quinnipiac, we provide the knowledge and resources you need to make a tangible impact on your chosen field. Through a combination of classroom theory and practical experience designed for you to succeed, you'll experience the life-changing opportunity of working and learning in the community and around the globe. Rankings and Distinctions Academics Find Your Program Explore Areas of Interest Undergraduate Programs Bachelor's Degree Completion Programs Accelerated Dual-Degree Programs Dual-Degree Programs Graduate and Undergraduate Certificates Micro-Credentials Graduate Programs Online and Hybrid Programs Law Programs Opens in a new tab or window. Medicine Programs Opens in a new tab or window. About Our Programs University Curriculum Pre-Professional Programs Honors Program Continuing Education Opens in a new tab or window. Summer Camps and Workshops Summer Courses Schools and College College of Arts & Sciences School of Business School of Communications School of Computing & Engineering School of Education School of Health Sciences School of Law Opens in a new tab or window. School of Medicine Opens in a new tab or window. School of Nursing Experiential Learning Career and Experiential Learning Lab Opens in a new tab or window. Study Abroad Study Domestic QU in Los Angeles QU in Washington, D.C. Rankings and Distinctions Centers and Institutes Areas of Interest Business and Finance Computing and Technology Data and Analytics Education Engineering Environment and Sustainability Health and Medicine Humanities and Culture Law and Public Policy Marketing and Communications Nursing Physical and Life Sciences Social Sciences STEM Programs Theater and Fine Arts Visual Arts and Design Writing and Journalism Related Resources Academic Calendar Academic Support Bookstores Course Catalog Opens in a new tab or window. Course Finder Opens in a new tab or window. Dean's List Faculty and Staff Directory Ireland’s Great Hunger Museum Opens in a new tab or window. Libraries Nondiscrimination and Title IX Opens in a new tab or window. One Stop Student Services Registrar Transcript Request University Policies Admissions Plan a visit Join us for a campus tour, or attend one of our Open Houses. Speak with an admissions counselor as well as current students — and experience what makes Quinnipiac so special. See Quinnipiac for yourself Admissions Undergraduate Apply Transfer Military International Visit Connect With Your Counselor Graduate Apply Opens in a new tab or window. Military Opens in a new tab or window. International Opens in a new tab or window. Visit Opens in a new tab or window. Contact Grad Admissions Opens in a new tab or window. School of Law Apply Opens in a new tab or window. Visit Opens in a new tab or window. Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Opens in a new tab or window. School of Medicine Visit Opens in a new tab or window. Residency Match Opens in a new tab or window. Related Resources Admitted Students Academic Calendar Visit and Tours Maps and Directions Student Consumer Information Tuition & Aid Paying for QU Choosing to pursue a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you find the support and resources to understand your options and make a plan for success. Tuition & Aid Undergraduate Costs and Budgets Net Price Calculator Explore Types of Aid Apply for Financial Aid Contact Financial Aid FAQs Graduate Costs and Budgets Opens in a new tab or window. Explore Types of Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Apply for Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Contact Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. FAQs Opens in a new tab or window. School of Law Opens in a new tab or window. Costs and Budgets Opens in a new tab or window. Types of Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Apply for Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. School of Medicine Opens in a new tab or window. Costs and Budgets Opens in a new tab or window. Types of Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Apply for Financial Aid Opens in a new tab or window. Related Resources Browse Financial Aid Resources Manage Student Finances Ways to Help Pay for College Net Price Calculator Tuition Payment Programs One Stop Student Services Manage a QCard Self-Service Portal Opens in a new tab or window. Student Life A Community to Thrive In Every part of the student experience is designed with your success in mind. Explore all that we have to offer and discover how we can shape our shared community together. Quinnipiac Today Student Life Living at Quinnipiac Housing Options Living and Learning Experiences Dining Experience Dining Locations Meal Plans Special Events Campuses and Facilities Mount Carmel Campus York Hill Campus North Haven Campus Libraries Inclusive Excellence Our Vision Celebrations Health and Wellness Student Health Services Counseling and Mental Health Services Schedule an Appointment Support Services Safety and Security Public Safety Emergency Preparedness Spiritual and Religious Life Athletics and Recreation Fitness and Recreation Division I Athletics Intramural Sports Club Sports Clubs and Organizations Community Service Events, Activities and Traditions Law Student Life Medicine Student Life Graduate Student Life Related Resources Events Calendar Student Handbooks Opens in a new tab or window. Student Conduct CARE Team Nondiscrimination and Title IX Opens in a new tab or window. Parking Shuttle Schedules About Launching the University of the Future Quinnipiac is a private, coeducational university where students engage in an educational experience that’s both personal and challenging with faculty who care deeply about student outcomes. We offer a diverse range of programs and courses, including our industry-leading dual-degree programs, to approximately 6,500 undergraduate and 2,900 graduate, law and medical students. About Quick Facts Rankings and Distinctions Leadership Campuses and Facilities Mount Carmel Campus York Hill Campus North Haven Campus Virtual Tour Maps and Directions Explore the Area Our Vision for the Future Strategic Plan 'Designing Our Future' Facilities Plan South Quad Inclusive Excellence Sustainability Related Resources Quinnipiac Today Maps and Directions Quinnipiac Magazine Quinnipiac Poll Institutional Research & Strategy Student Consumer Information Faculty and Staff Directory Support QU For the Ambitious As we approach our centennial, Quinnipiac is launching its first comprehensive campaign, aiming to raise $160 million to help eliminate barriers to education, launch even more groundbreaking programs, and establish Quinnipiac as a model of learning in a rapidly changing world. Give Now Opens in a new tab or window. Support QU Giving Opens in a new tab or window. Ways to Give Opens in a new tab or window. Foundation Relations Opens in a new tab or window. Planned Legacy Giving Opens in a new tab or window. Corporate Partners Program Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Events Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Resources Opens in a new tab or window. Update Your Information Opens in a new tab or window. Submit a Class Note Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Networks Opens in a new tab or window. Alumni Career Resources Opens in a new tab or window. Join Bobcat Connect Opens in a new tab or window. Access job postings through Handshake Opens in a new tab or window. Search qu.edu Search the Site Commonly Searched Terms Programs Schools Contact Suggested Search Results View All Search Results No results found. Please try a new search. Please try your search again using a different search term. View All Search Results Popular Resources Programs Listing Faculty and Staff Quinnipiac Today Events Calendar Quinnipiac University Happy Holidays! President Marie Hardin shares a year-end holiday message with the Quinnipiac community, and a video featuring a festive holiday party hosted by Boomer the Bobcat. Watch the Video What kind of Bobcat are you? Future Bobcat Current Student Alumni Select an Audience Select an audience Future Bobcat Current Student Alumni Undergraduate Admitted Undergrad Graduate Law Medicine Undergrad Students Grad Students Law Students Medical Students Give Now Career Development Bobcat for Life Back Future Bobcat — What information are you looking for? Plan a Visit Apply Application Status Majors Student Life Tuition & Financial Aid Congratulations, new Bobcat! What information are you looking for? Welcome to Quinnipiac! Deposit Tuition and Financial Aid First-Year Housing and Residential Life Set Up a Visit Quinnipiac Today Prospective Graduate Student — What information are you looking for? Programs Admissions Visit Financial Aid Student Life Areas of Interest Prospective Law Student — What information are you looking for? Programs Admissions Financial Aid Student Life Consumer Information Career Development Prospective Medical Student — What information are you looking for? MD Program Admissions Financial Aid Clinical Partners Student Life Diversity and Inclusion Current Undergraduate Students - What information are you looking for? Events Student Support Academic Calendar Faculty and Staff MyQ Academic Catalog Current Graduate Students - What information are you looking for? Events Student Support Academic Calendar Faculty and Staff MyQ Academic Catalog Current Law Students - What information are you looking for? Events Support Services Academic Calendar Faculty and Staff MyQ Academic Catalog Current Medical Students - What information are you looking for? Events Support Services Academic Calendar Faculty and Staff Academic Catalog MyQ Alumni - Why and how you can support QU Give to Quinnipiac Ways to Give Planned Legacy Giving Alumni - Opportunities for learning and professional development Career Resources Bobcat Connect Handshake Alumni - Countless ways to stay involved with the Quinnipiac family The Alumni Community Update Your Information Submit a Class Note Alumni Networks Keep Your Finger on the Pulse of #BobcatNation Our students, faculty, staff and alumni are constantly giving back, innovating and transforming their passions into impact on the world. See how at Quinnipiac Today. Explore Quinnipiac Today 2025: A year of impact at Quinnipiac Learn More 2025: A year of impact at Quinnipiac Dazzling Quad Holiday Lighting welcomes the spirit of the season Learn More Dazzling Quad Holiday Lighting welcomes the spirit of the season Doctor of Physical Therapy Class of 2026 guided by clinical excellence and compassion Learn More Doctor of Physical Therapy Class of 2026 guided by clinical excellence and compassion University earns first patent Learn More University earns first patent Opens in a new tab or window. Can’t-Miss Events See more at calendar.qu.edu Opens in a new tab or window. Recognized Among the Top A Best National University U.S. News & World Report names Quinnipiac among the best national universities in the nation. Top 100 The Wall Street Journal/College Pulse ranks Quinnipiac #51 in the country. Best College The Princeton Review ranks Quinnipiac among the top 390 colleges in the country. See all rankings and distinctions Why Quinnipiac? Our top priority is preparing our students for successful and rewarding careers. By always looking forward and focusing on the future, we have become the #1 university in the nation to land a job after graduation. 96.9% Successful Outcomes Nearly all 2024 Quinnipiac graduates are employed or pursuing advanced education within 6 months after graduating (76.8% Knowledge Rate). 73% Hands-on Experience Percentage of seniors who participated in at least one internship during their time at Quinnipiac. 31% Study Abroad Quinnipiac offers traditional semester-long programs, short-term, faculty-led courses and global service learning programs around the word. Our Schools A World-Sized Classroom® Constant academic innovation combines immersive in-class instruction with real-world, hands-on experience. Our faculty members bring deep industry experiences to deliver market-driven insights and prepare our students to leave their mark on the world. Find Your School Bobcat Spirit Become Part of Something Bigger At Quinnipiac, you’ll do more than earn a degree. You’ll become a part of our vibrant community where students rally around common interests, passions and causes. Student Experience Inclusive Excellence Athletics and Recreation Success doesn’t just happen. It takes purpose. We are the ambitious Explore stories of ambition Get to Know Your Fellow Bobcats Jazzy Collins ’14, CSA Emmy® Winning Casting Director Jazzy Collins ’14, CSA, made history when she became the first Black person to be recognized with the Creative Arts Emmy for outstanding casting for a reality program. Meet Jazzy Ilona Maher ’18 Professional Rugby Player Ilona Maher ’18 helped lead Team USA to a historic bronze medal at the 2024 Olympics in Paris. Meet Ilona Arunan Arulampalam, JD ’14 Mayor of Hartford Arunan Arulampalam, JD ’14 serves as the 68th mayor of the city of Hartford where he is piloting innovative programs to tackle modern problems. Meet Arunan Quinnipiac University Quinnipiac University Quinnipiac University 275 Mount Carmel Avenue Hamden, CT 06518 1-203-582-8200 (Facebook, opens in a new tab) (Twitter, opens in a new tab) (LinkedIn, opens in a new tab) (Instagram, opens in a new tab) (YouTube, opens in a new tab) Helpful Links Search the Site Find your program Make a Tuition Payment Manage a QCard Student Consumer Information Work at Quinnipiac Opens in a new tab or window. Bookstores Opens in a new tab or window. Contact Us Contact Us Faculty and Staff Directory Donate to Quinnipiac Emergency Contacts One Stop Financial Aid Provide Website Feedback Logins Canvas Opens in a new tab or window. Blackboard Opens in a new tab or window. MyQ Opens in a new tab or window. Outlook Opens in a new tab or window. Self-Service Opens in a new tab or window. MyHousing Opens in a new tab or window. Find Information for Alumni Opens in a new tab or window. Athletics Opens in a new tab or window. Current Students Donors & Volunteers Employers & Partners Opens in a new tab or window. Local Community Opens in a new tab or window. Media Parents and Families Prospective Students Staff & Faculty Veterans & Military © 2025 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility Statement Accreditation Legal Information Website Security & Privacy Policy