Question2Answer - Free Open Source Q&A Software for PHP Install Customize Plugins Code Contribute Add-Ons Services Sites Q&A Question2Answer (Q2A) is a popular open source Q&A platform for PHP/MySQL, currently running on 24,500+ sites in 40 languages . forum What is a Question & Answer site? A Q&A site helps your online community to share knowledge.
					People with questions get the answers they need. The community is enriched by commenting,
					voting, notifications, points and rankings. people Why offer Q&A on my site? Your members will enjoy the interaction that Q&A enables,
					and will visit your site more regularly. In addition, many web searches are questions,
					so Q&A content will attract search engine traffic. get_app How do I get Q2A? Download Question2Answer , then read how to install .
					Version 1.8.8 was released on July 25th, 2023.
					Also on GitHub . Question2Answer is open source, licensed under GPL v2+ . dns What does Q2A need? PHP 5.4 or later, with the MySQLi extension. MySQL MySQL 5.0 or later. It's strongly recommended to use the latest version of PHP (7.x) and MySQL
				if possible as they bring many performance enhancements, and Q2A regularly drops support for
				older, unsupported versions. settings_input_component Easy to set up Q2A takes 5 minutes (or less!) to install . Easy styling with CSS themes . Supports translation into any language. Custom sidebar, widgets, pages and links. SEO features such as XML Sitemap and neat URLs. star Core Q&A features Fast integrated search engine. Categories (up to 4 levels deep) and/or tagging. Voting, comments, follow-on and closed questions. Points-based reputation management. RSS, email notifications and personal news feeds. face Built-in user account management ... Create experts, editors, moderators and admins. User avatars (or Gravatar ) and custom fields. Private messages and public wall posts. Log in via Facebook or others (using plugins ). assignment_ind ... or integrate with existing sites Out-of-the-box WordPress and Joomla integration. Custom single sign-on support for other sites. Deep integration and customization via plugins . policy Fast and secure PHP/MySQL scalable to millions of users and posts. Safe from XSS, CSRF and SQL injection attacks. Beat spam with captchas, moderation and/or flagging. translate How can I help? Contribute via Github ,
					create a theme , plugin or translation . Contact devs Version history License details Demo sandbox Created by Gideon Greenspan and contributors