Quick Heal - Antivirus & Cybersecurity Solutions to Secure Your Digital World JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Products For computer & laptop Quick Heal Total Security Quick Heal Internet Security Quick Heal Antivirus Pro Quick Heal Total Security for Mac Quick Heal AntiVirus for Server For Multi Device Quick Heal Total Security Multi-Device For Mobile & Tablet Quick Heal Total Security for Android Quick Heal Mobile Security For Enterprise Business Enterprise Users Support Contact Support FAQ's Submit a Query Locate Dealer Lost Product Key Downloads Download Software Download Updates Download Upgrade Free Tools Free Trial Company Company Overview Awards and Recognitions History and Culture Leadership Partner Policies Quick Heal Foundation Quick Heal Academy Blogs Renew Free Trial Menu Products For computer & laptop Quick Heal Total Security Quick Heal Internet Security Quick Heal Antivirus Pro Quick Heal Total Security for Mac Quick Heal AntiVirus for Server For Multi Device Quick Heal Total Security Multi-Device For Mobile & Tablet Quick Heal Total Security for Android Quick Heal Mobile Security Enterprise Users Support Contact Support FAQ's Submit a Query Locate Dealer Lost Product Key Downloads Download Software Download Updates Download Upgrade Free Tools Free Trial Company Company Overview Awards and Recognitions History and Culture Leadership Partner Policies Quick Heal Foundation Quick Heal Academy Blogs Renew Free Trial 0 Customers 0 Countries 0 Dealer Network 0 Years of Innovation Quick Heal's Legacy Leading Global Antivirus Software Quick Heal, with nearly 30 years of cybersecurity experience, has been protecting users from evolving
                digital threats. explore Why Quick Heal? Backed by Unmatched Technology and Service GoDeep.AI Quick Heal is powered by GoDeep.AI, an AI enabled
                                    peep predictive malware hunting technology which tracks the behavior of every
                                    threat. One of Largest Malware Lab Quick Heal's threat intel comes from India's
                                    largest malware lab to protect against evolving cyber attacks. 1000+ Cybersecurity Experts Quick Heal boasts of experienced cybersecurity
                                    engineers and leaders who have devoted their lives to digital security. Multi-Lingual Customer Support Quick Heal support team is skilled with 8 languages to
                            support users for any sort of technical help. 9 Patents Received Quick Heal’s products are backed by 9 patents for
                            ransomware, malware, viruses and mobile protection. Trusted Partners for Governments Quick Heal is trusted partner for many critical
                            cybersecurity infrastructure and services the security needs of governments across the
                            globe. Our Products Choose the Best Digital Protection for your Family Quick Heal Total Security 1 user - 1 year Know More Buy Now Quick Heal Internet Security 1 user - 1 year Know More Buy Now Quick Heal AntiVirus Pro 1 user - 1 year Know More Buy
                                Now Quick Heal Total Security Multi-Device 3 Device - 1 year Know
                                More Buy Now View All Recognition Quick Heal's Awards and Accolades Testimonials Listen from our Happy Customer I
                                    like Quick Heal because it's simple to use even for those who don't understand
                                    computers, and it has a rich number of easy-to-set functions to protect me and my
                                    family from the risks present on the internet. Giulio
                                    Focardi What
                                    can I say about Quick Heal? I've been using it for 4 years and it has always shown
                                    me to be very effective in intercepting any type of virus or malware, as well as
                                    being very light. Antonio
                                    Locci I had
                                    been using Quick Heal Antivirus Pro for years and things were going well, this year
                                    I switched to the Total Security version and now my computer has become very fast,
                                    and thanks to the Parental Control features I can educate my children in using of
                                    the internet in a conscious way. Roberto
                                    Biancalani Empowering Businesses with Cybersecurity Solutions Seqrite delivers comprehensive solutions to protect businesses against the latest threats by securing devices, applications, networks, cloud, data, and identity Discover Seqrite Point of View Explore our latest Blogs View all 5th January and The Tale of Joshi Virus: India’s First Global Computer Virus In the cinematic tapestry of cybersecurity, where tales of intrigue and innovation collide... View blog Persistence in the Shadows: A Study of Zephyr Miner Exploiting System Services Crypto mining is the process by which individuals or organizations use computer power to... View blog Staying safe while gaming: how to ensure your children don’t become victims of financial fraud If you’re a parent and haven’t been in touch with gaming for a while, you’d be surprised at... View blog Quick Heal in News What's the Latest? Security Quick Heal sounds alarm on sophisticated AI-driven investment
                        frauds VARINDIA - 17 September 2025 VIEW ALL NEWS ET CISO - 17 September 2025 Quick Heal technologies limited exposes alarming rise in AI
                            chatbot scams across India CISO FORUM - 17 September 2025 Quick Heal Technologies Limited Exposes Alarming Rise in AI
                            Chatbot Scams Across India Our website uses cookies. Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our cookie policy. Close Company Company Overview Awards and Recognitions History & Culture Leadership Quick Heal Foundation Careers Policies Contact Us Partners Partnership Program Become a Partner Locate Partner Support Report an issue Contact Support FAQ's Report a security vulnerability End of Product Life Announcements and Information Quick links Renew Now Download Updates Download Software Download Upgrade Sitemap Quick Heal Blog Find Product Key EULA Company Company Overview Policies Contact Us Careers Partners Partnership Program Become a Partner Support Report an issue Contact Support FAQs Report a security vulnerability End of Product Life Announcements and Information Quick links Renew Download Updates Locate Partner Find Product Key EULA © 2025 Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. Privacy Policy • Legal Notices • Terms Of Use Share your feedback or suggestions at webmaster@quickheal.com © 2025 Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. Privacy Policy • Legal Notices • Terms Of Use Help me to choose X 1. Device 2. Usage 3. Recommendation Select the operating system you want to proceed with Windows MAC Android CHOOSE USAGE Quick Heal offers complete protection for all your devices Back Select your usage preferences from the options below Safety for Kids Safe Browsing/ Safe Search Entertainment Gaming Protection Downloads and external drive protection Office Use Please select at least one option Get recommendation Bank, Browse and Play securely with Quick Heal Cybersecurity Solutions Back 1 User, 1 Year Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Get 30 day trial For kids usage: This product offers parental control, browsing protection and blocks hackers and unauthorized access to ensure the online safety of kids. For office work: This product blocks unauthorized spying and protects your network and the router. Users can also configure the protection rules for all incoming emails. This product blocks infected attachments (malware, spam and viruses) in emails to help users work seamlessly. For day to day usage: This product protects personal & banking data online, and secures your daily browsing activity against online threats and viruses. Entertainment: This product helps and boosts your device to ensure a faster and smoother experience while you watch films, listen to songs and much more. Online Gaming: This product boosts your game and improves system performance for a smoother and uninterrupted gaming experience. Downloads and External Drives: This product allows you to set protection rules for external devices such as CDs, DVDs, and USB-based drives. Know More If you need any help contact our expert estore@quickheal.co.in or +91 927 2202 525