Schools & Districts
Learning Tools
Explore Curriculum
Teacher Center
About Us
Log In
Sign Up
Free tools to make your students better writers and readers.

NEW

Quill.org, a non-profit, provides free literacy activities that build reading comprehension, writing, and language skills for elementary, middle, and high school students.

Sign Up, Free Forever
For teachers & students
Bring Quill to Your District
For instructional leaders

12 million students have written 3 billion sentences on Quill.

Quill Reading for Evidence

NEW

Provide your students with nonfiction texts paired with AI-powered writing prompts, instead of multiple-choice questions, to enable deeper thinking.

Students read a nonfiction text and build their comprehension through writing prompts, supporting a series of claims with evidence sourced from the text. Quill challenges students to write responses that are precise, logical, and based on textual evidence, with Quill coaching the student through custom, targeted feedback on each revision so that students strengthen their reading comprehension and hone their writing skills.

Learn more about Quill Reading for Evidence

Culture & Society Topics

"Should Schools Have Grade Requirements for Student Athletes?"

View a sample activity

Science Topics

"How Does Eating Meat Impact Global Warming?"

View a sample activity

Social Studies Topics

World History

See all social studies activities
Quill Connect

Help your students advance from fragmented and run-on sentences to complex and well-structured ones.

Using the evidence-based strategy of sentence combining, students combine multiple ideas into a single sentence. They then receive instant feedback designed to help them improve their clarity and precision.

Try a sample activity Learn more
Quill Lessons

The Quill Lessons tool enables teachers to lead whole-class and small-group writing instruction.

Teachers control interactive slides that contain writing prompts, and the entire class responds to each prompt. Each Quill Lessons activity provides a lesson plan, writing prompts, discussion topics, and a follow up independent practice activity.

Try a sample activity Learn more
Quill Diagnostic

Quickly determine which skills your students need to work on with our diagnostics.

The diagnostics cover vital sentence construction skills and generate personalized learning plans based on the student’s performance.

Try a sample activity Learn more
Quill's ELL Diagnostics include translations in:

Spanish

Mandarin

French

Vietnamese

Arabic

Hindi

Russian

Ukrainian

Urdu

German

Tagalog

Portuguese

Thai

Dari

Japanese

Korean

Quill Proofreader

Proofreader teaches your students editing skills by having them proofread passages.

Students edit passages and receive personalized exercises based on their results. With more than 150 expository passages, Proofreader gives students the practice they need to spot common grammatical errors.

Try a sample activity Learn more
Quill Grammar

Students practice basic grammar skills, from comma placement to parallel structure.

Quill Grammar has more than 250 sentence writing activities to help your students. Our activities are designed to be completed in 10 minutes so you have the freedom to use them in the way that works best for your classroom.

Try a sample activity Learn more
How Quill Works
Set up your classroom, without IT

You can quickly and easily set up your classroom in Quill by inputting student names or providing students with a unique code. If you use Google Classroom or Clever, you can automatically set up your classroom with one click.

Choose activities

Decide if you want your students to proofread passages, combine sentences, or complete a diagnostic. Use our ten minute activities as building blocks during your classroom instruction.

Use easy-to-consume reporting

Use our reporting to spot trends and identify growth opportunities. Monitor comprehension on specific writing standards.

Get immediate feedback for your students

Save time grading and watch your students correct their mistakes instantly.

Intervene where students struggle

See exactly where your students need intervention with our comprehensive reports.

Differentiate learning to meet the
needs of all students

Assign specific activities for ELLs and students with learning differences.

Engage students with adaptive activities

Challenge students with questions that automatically adapt based on their previous responses.

Align with the Common Core Standards

Easily meet Common Core language standards with our aligned activities.

Easily sign up with Google Classroom

With one click, all of your students and classes will be imported.

Over 100 concepts totaling 50 hours of quality curriculum.

Parallel Structure
Capitalization
Subordinating Conjunctions
Coordinating Conjunctions
Commas
Prepositions
Pronoun Reference
Run-ons
Subject-Verb Agreement
Verb Tense
Commonly Confused Words
Appositives
Possessives
+ 100 More!
TEACHER STORIES
Quill in the Classroom
"I started using Quill because it fit right into my daily curriculum."

ROXANNA BUTKUS, RANGEVIEW ELEMENTARY




3rd Grade
ELA




5th Grade
ELA




6th Grade
ELA




8th Grade
ELA & ELL

Join over 43,000 schools using Quill to advance student writing.

Quill Premium

Quill Premium's advanced reporting features are the best way to support teachers at the school or district level.

Contact sales
Learn more
Get Started
1.6x Rate of Growth

Research studies demonstrate how Quill effectively builds writing skills.

See Research Studies
10,000+ Quill Premium Educators

These educators use Premium’s growth data, school-wide reports, and data integrations to boost outcomes.

Explore Premium & Pricing
92% Privacy Score

Common Sense awards the Privacy Seal for Quill’s high standards.

View Privacy & Security

SCHOOLS & DISTRICTS

For Administrators
Science of Reading & Writing
Privacy & Security
Research & Efficacy
Premium Pricing

LEARNING TOOLS

Quill Connect
Quill Lessons
Quill Diagnostic
Quill Proofreader
Quill Grammar
Quill Reading for Evidence

EXPLORE CURRICULUM

Featured Activity Packs
AP Activities
Pre-AP Activities
SpringBoard Activities
ELA Standards

TEACHER CENTER

All Resources
What's New?
Writing For Learning
Getting Started
Video Tutorials
Best Practices
FAQ

ABOUT US

About Us
Impact
Press
Ethical AI Hub
Pathways Initiative
Team
Careers
Contact Us

Quill is a free literacy tool powered by an open source, non-profit community of educators and developers.

© 2025 Quill

Quill is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization

Terms
Privacy

College Board, AP, Pre-AP, and the acorn logo are registered trademarks of College Board.