Product
Pricing
Sign In
Introducing Quip

Quip helps sales teams accelerate business in real-time. Reimagine sales processes with embedded documents, live Salesforce data, and built-in collaboration.

Learn More

What is Quip?

Quip is the easiest way for Salesforce customers to transform processes like Account Planning, Mutual Close Plans, and Qualification Notes. Standardize, automate, and embed real-time, collaborative documents inside Salesforce records.

Contact Sales
Learn More

Documents that fuel a culture of action

Quip documents unite your team’s work and communication, so you can get everything done in one place.

Spreadsheets that turn numbers into decisions

Embed spreadsheets into documents to give data the context your team needs to make critical decisions.

Chat that breaks down information silos

Streamline your workflow with team chat built into every document and spreadsheet; plus team chat rooms and 1:1 messaging.

Secure productivity for the enterprise

Quip is Salesforce’s productivity platform that transforms the way enterprises work together, delivering modern collaboration securely and simply across any device.

Security

Trust is our #1 value. We work tirelessly to ensure all customers have the highest level of data protection, privacy, and control.

Learn More

Quip Shield

Quip’s advanced security features help enhance trust, transparency, compliance, and governance for the most security-conscious organizations.

Read the whitepaper

Trusted by businesses worldwide
More than ever in our industry our teams need to remain connected and efficient; Quip is the simple answer to enable this global collaboration!

Romain Barroche
Senior Project Leader, Digital Enablement

Product
Overview
Security
Pricing
Templates
Resources
Training
Support
Release Notes
Download Quip
Developers/API
Terms and Conditions
Cookies Settings
Company
Blog
Contact Us

Quip is a Salesforce Company

Privacy PolicyYour Privacy Choices
©2025 Quip

We use cookies to make your interactions with our website more meaningful. They help us better understand how our websites are used, so we can tailor content for you. For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the Privacy Statement. To change your cookie settings and preferences, see the Cookie Consent Manager.

ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
Live chat:
CONTACT US