Quip Quip Logo Product Overview Productivity for Salesforce customers Security Data protection, privacy, and control Templates Get started with any use-case Pricing Sign In Product Overview Security Templates Pricing Sign In Introducing Quip Quip helps sales teams accelerate business in real-time. Reimagine sales processes with embedded documents, live Salesforce data, and built-in collaboration. Learn More Learn More What is Quip? Quip is the easiest way for Salesforce customers to transform processes like Account Planning, Mutual Close Plans, and Qualification Notes. Standardize, automate, and embed real-time, collaborative documents inside Salesforce records. Contact Sales Learn More Quip is the easiest way for Salesforce customers to transform processes like Account Planning, Mutual Close Plans, and Qualification Notes. Standardize, automate, and embed real-time, collaborative documents inside Salesforce records. Documents that fuel a culture of action Quip documents unite your team’s work and communication, so you can get everything done in one place. Spreadsheets that turn numbers into decisions Embed spreadsheets into documents to give data the context your team needs to make critical decisions. Chat that breaks down information silos Streamline your workflow with team chat built into every document and spreadsheet; plus team chat rooms and 1:1 messaging. Documents that fuel a culture of action Quip documents unite your team’s work and communication, so you can get everything done in one place. Spreadsheets that turn numbers into decisions Embed spreadsheets into documents to give data the context your team needs to make critical decisions. Chat that breaks down information silos Streamline your workflow with team chat built into every document and spreadsheet; plus team chat rooms and 1:1 messaging. Contact Sales Learn More Secure productivity for the enterprise Quip is Salesforce’s productivity platform that transforms the way enterprises work together, delivering modern collaboration securely and simply across any device. Security Trust is our #1 value. We work tirelessly to ensure all customers have the highest level of data protection, privacy, and control. Learn More Quip Shield Quip’s advanced security features help enhance trust, transparency, compliance, and governance for the most security-conscious organizations. Read the whitepaper Trusted by businesses worldwide More than ever in our industry our teams need to remain connected and efficient; Quip is the simple answer to enable this global collaboration! Romain Barroche Senior Project Leader, Digital Enablement Quip Logo Product Overview Security Pricing Templates Resources Training Support Release Notes Download Quip Developers/API Terms and Conditions Cookie Preferences Company Blog Contact Us Quip is a Salesforce Company Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices © 2025 Quip