QuoteMedia | Real-Time Market Data & Financial Solutions Solutions Industry Company Resources Explore Solutions Discover our groundbreaking financial technology solutions designed to create powerful and seamless client experiences. Quotestream Use Quotestream to access real-time quotes and portfolio management solutions from any device. Web Content Solutions Leverage QuoteMedia's real-time data and content for growth and engagement to help dramatically enhance your online presence. Data Feed Solutions QuoteMedia's APIs provide real-time, historical market data and ensure accuracy and deliver real-time information. IR Solutions Boost transparency and investor engagement with dynamic data and custom web widgets. Integrated Trading Use advanced trading data tools designed for dynamic markets and improved decision-making. Analytics and Research Enjoy in-depth research and sophisticated analytics tools for enhanced markets insight. Managed Services Get complete support with QuoteMedia's managed services for all your financial market data needs. Explore by Industry Access tailored financial data solutions that seamlessly work for various industries and needs. 01 Asset Management 02 Wealth and Brokerage 03 Media 04 Investor Relations 05 Risk and Compliance 06 Data and Platform Providers 07 Individual Investor 08 Fund House About Us As an industry leader, QuoteMedia promotes transparency, integrity, growth, and career development. Testimonials Find out what past and present clients think about us and our exceptional service, products, and industry expertise. Investor Relations Access the latest company news and updates regarding all related company investor and shareholder information. Corporate Docs and Compliance Effective leadership and robust governance are critical to QuoteMedia's success in delivering innovative financial data solutions. Blog Stay up-to-date and explore a diverse range of topics related to QuoteMedia's services. Featured Product Description Take Your Trading Operations to New Heights with QuoteMedia’s Integrated Tradi... Featured Product Description Enhance Your Trading Strategy with QuoteMedia’s Integrated Trading Solutions Case Study Featured What Investors Look for in a Mutual Fund or ETF Explore Resources Enjoy access to a wide range of sophisticated tools and resources that support your financial journey. Data Coverage Brochures Web Widget Catalog Research Platforms Support Documentation Data Coverage Access extensive data coverage and rich data sets across global markets. Exchange Support Get insights for informed decisions across global markets with multi-asset class coverage. News and Filings With QuoteMedia, enjoy in-depth news and filings coverage on the latest market activities right to your device. Fund Research Access detailed insights and research on U.S. and Canadian mutual funds, ETFs, and much more. Research and Analytics Evaluate financial instruments with QuoteMedia's analytics score to help gauge performance and make data-driven decisions. Fixed Income Evaluate corp bonds, MBS, CMO, gov Munis, and more using specialized tools for robust fixed-income research. Company Research Discover in-depth company research and analyze financial metrics, industry trends, and proprietary insights to enhance decision-making. Brochures Get detailed insights on how our products can optimize your financial strategies. QuoteMedia Content Solutions Using our scalable cloud REST API, get instant access to real-time market data, news, and analytics. QuoteMedia OnDemand Seamlessly integrate customized financial data directly into websites or apps and enhance workflows. Quotestream Web Enjoy comprehensive financial insights and an intuitively designed browser, ideally accessible for users of all kinds. Web Widget Catalog Enhance your online digital platforms using our financial web widgets. Free Financial Widgets Try one of our easy to embed stock market widgets for free. Charts Get the full picture of historical and current market data trends using easy-to-use charts for detailed financial analysis. Company Research Access in-depth company research, including financial statements, market performance, and industry analysis. News and Filings Stay up-to-date on all the latest news and regulatory filings and access market and company activities insights. Portfolio and Watchlist Empower users to easily manage their portfolios and watchlists to track investment performance and identify opportunities. Market Research Strategically plan investments using our high-level market research widgets to critically analyze and forecast trends. Fund Research Access detailed fund research that evaluates performance metrics, risk factors, and our proprietary fund score to guide investment choices. Research Hub Discover our research tools and get access to equity markets, fund insights, and much more. Quotestream Get real-time data and advanced charting, using our customizable platform designed for finance experts. Quotestream Pro Get a pro-grade platform with rich analytics, streaming data, technical tools, and more for serious players. Quotestream Mobile A quick quote for Enbridge on a mobile device showing options like adding alerts, workspace, and widgets. Customer Support Rest easy knowing that QuoteMedia's customer support is ready to help you with your data needs. Knowledge Base Take advantage of QuoteMedia's knowledge base, including API documentation and Freshdesk articles. New Support Ticket Easily submit a new support ticket if you require assistance from our team. Check Ticket Status Quickly check the current status of your support ticket online anytime. North America: 1 (844) 485-8200 Outside North America: 1 (250) 586-9943 Email: [email protected] Symbol Search Research Stocks, Options, Funds, Futures and more in the Research Portal SPY SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust ARCA etf View Overview IWM iShares Russell 2000 ETF ARCA etf View Overview MSFT Microsoft Corporation NGS equity View Overview SLV iShares Silver Trust ARCA etf View Overview AAPL Apple Inc. NGS equity View Overview Contact Us Solutions Explore Solutions Discover our groundbreaking financial technology solutions designed to create powerful and seamless client experiences. Quotestream Use Quotestream to access real-time quotes and portfolio management solutions from any device. Web Content Solutions Leverage QuoteMedia's real-time data and content for growth and engagement to help dramatically enhance your online presence. Data Feed Solutions QuoteMedia's APIs provide real-time, historical market data and ensure accuracy and deliver real-time information. IR Solutions Boost transparency and investor engagement with dynamic data and custom web widgets. Integrated Trading Use advanced trading data tools designed for dynamic markets and improved decision-making. Analytics and Research Enjoy in-depth research and sophisticated analytics tools for enhanced markets insight. Managed Services Get complete support with QuoteMedia's managed services for all your financial market data needs. Industry Explore by Industry Access tailored financial data solutions that seamlessly work for various industries and needs. 01 Asset Management 02 Wealth and Brokerage 03 Media 04 Investor Relations 05 Risk and Compliance 06 Data and Platform Providers 07 Individual Investor 08 Fund House Company About Us As an industry leader, QuoteMedia promotes transparency, integrity, growth, and career development. Testimonials Find out what past and present clients think about us and our exceptional service, products, and industry expertise. Investor Relations Access the latest company news and updates regarding all related company investor and shareholder information. Corporate Docs and Compliance Effective leadership and robust governance are critical to QuoteMedia's success in delivering innovative financial data solutions. Blog Stay up-to-date and explore a diverse range of topics related to QuoteMedia's services. Featured Product Description Take Your Trading Operations to New Heights with QuoteMedia’s Integrated Tradi... Featured Product Description Enhance Your Trading Strategy with QuoteMedia’s Integrated Trading Solutions Case Study Featured What Investors Look for in a Mutual Fund or ETF Resources Explore Resources Enjoy access to a wide range of sophisticated tools and resources that support your financial journey. Data Coverage Data Coverage Access extensive data coverage and rich data sets across global markets. Exchange Support Get insights for informed decisions across global markets with multi-asset class coverage. News and Filings With QuoteMedia, enjoy in-depth news and filings coverage on the latest market activities right to your device. Fund Research Access detailed insights and research on U.S. and Canadian mutual funds, ETFs, and much more. Research and Analytics Evaluate financial instruments with QuoteMedia's analytics score to help gauge performance and make data-driven decisions. Fixed Income Evaluate corp bonds, MBS, CMO, gov Munis, and more using specialized tools for robust fixed-income research. Company Research Discover in-depth company research and analyze financial metrics, industry trends, and proprietary insights to enhance decision-making. Brochures Brochures Get detailed insights on how our products can optimize your financial strategies. QuoteMedia Content Solutions Using our scalable cloud REST API, get instant access to real-time market data, news, and analytics. QuoteMedia OnDemand Seamlessly integrate customized financial data directly into websites or apps and enhance workflows. Quotestream Web Enjoy comprehensive financial insights and an intuitively designed browser, ideally accessible for users of all kinds. Web Widget Catalog Web Widget Catalog Enhance your online digital platforms using our financial web widgets. Free Financial Widgets Try one of our easy to embed stock market widgets for free. Charts Get the full picture of historical and current market data trends using easy-to-use charts for detailed financial analysis. Company Research Access in-depth company research, including financial statements, market performance, and industry analysis. News and Filings Stay up-to-date on all the latest news and regulatory filings and access market and company activities insights. Portfolio and Watchlist Empower users to easily manage their portfolios and watchlists to track investment performance and identify opportunities. Market Research Strategically plan investments using our high-level market research widgets to critically analyze and forecast trends. Fund Research Access detailed fund research that evaluates performance metrics, risk factors, and our proprietary fund score to guide investment choices. Research Portal Research Hub Discover our research tools and get access to equity markets, fund insights, and much more. Quotestream Get real-time data and advanced charting, using our customizable platform designed for finance experts. Quotestream Pro Get a pro-grade platform with rich analytics, streaming data, technical tools, and more for serious players. Quotestream Mobile A quick quote for Enbridge on a mobile device showing options like adding alerts, workspace, and widgets. Support Documentation Customer Support Rest easy knowing that QuoteMedia's customer support is ready to help you with your data needs. Knowledge Base Take advantage of QuoteMedia's knowledge base, including API documentation and Freshdesk articles. New Support Ticket Easily submit a new support ticket if you require assistance from our team. Check Ticket Status Quickly check the current status of your support ticket online anytime. North America: 1 (844) 485-8200 Outside North America: 1 (250) 586-9943 Email: [email protected] Contact Us Get the Right Data at the Right Time At QuoteMedia, we know how critical up-to-date financial market data can be when making informed decisions. That's why we're focused on providing the right data at the right time. Search stocks, companies, funds... Symbol Search Research Stocks, Options, Funds, Futures and more in the Research Portal SPY SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust ARCA etf View Overview IWM iShares Russell 2000 ETF ARCA etf View Overview MSFT Microsoft Corporation NGS equity View Overview SLV iShares Silver Trust ARCA etf View Overview AAPL Apple Inc. NGS equity View Overview Your browser doesn't support the video tag. Trusted By: Dynamic Financial Research Tools Access Comprehensive Financial Data and Research Solutions With QuoteMedia's dynamic financial market data and effortless content integration into any application, accessing in-depth financial research is a breeze. Take advantage of tools that enable a smarter financial ecosystem. Powerful Insights Smarter Trading Starts here with QuoteMedia's Research Hub In today's fast-paced markets, QuoteMedia's Research Hub provides expert insights, comprehensive reports, and tools to make informed decisions quickly and easily. Search stocks, companies, funds... Symbol Search Research Stocks, Options, Funds, Futures and more in the Research Portal SPY SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust ARCA etf View Overview IWM iShares Russell 2000 ETF ARCA etf View Overview MSFT Microsoft Corporation NGS equity View Overview SLV iShares Silver Trust ARCA etf View Overview AAPL Apple Inc. NGS equity View Overview Seamless Content Integration Discover Industry Solutions that Work for You Streamlining your product development cycles has never been easier. QuoteMedia provides tailored content modules that seamlessly integrate right into your system. Industry Overview Contact Us Real-Time Market Analytics Unlock Deeper Insights and Stay Ahead of the Curve As an industry-leading provider of comprehensive financial data, QuoteMedia provides the solutions clients seeking real-time market information and analytics are looking for. With a longstanding reputation for being accurate and reliable, QuoteMedia is a leading provider of customizable tools that support informed decision-making in the fast-paced world of finance. Connect the Data Points and Get the Full Picture QuoteMedia synthesises and customises a range of market data solutions for clients globally. Built on state of the art technology, and consultation from experienced professionals, we provide tailored solutions to meet all financial data needs. 110 + Global Exchanges 200 + Data APIs 150 + Financial Widgets 100 + News Providers About QuoteMedia Contact Us Your browser doens't support the video tag. Market Data Solutions Access financial market data from hundreds of APIs or let us tailor a delivery solution to meet your requirements. Data Coverage Overview Contact Us Streaming QuoteMedia streams real-time low-latency financial market data. Ensuring access to sudden market changes. Request API QuoteMedia's Request APIs help developers quickly access real-time and historical market data, news, and financial information. SFTP QuoteMedia's SFTP service delivers a secure and reliable method for clients looking to transfer files securely across the internet. Optimized Market Data Solution Power Your Applications With Market Data From QuoteMedia Request a Demo Insightful Expert Analysis Stay Informed and Inspired with QuoteMedia With a wealth of insights, market analysis, and inspiring content, QuoteMedia’s blog provides a dynamic look at today's latest events and complexities in the financial market. Readers can stay up-to-date and informed about making informed decisions thanks to blogs ranging from expert commentary to market analysis. Want the Inside Scoop? Subscribe to get exclusive insights, industry updates, and the latest product drops—sent right to your inbox. Sign up today! Subscribe Now Solutions Solutions Quotestream Web Content Solutions Data Feed Solutions IR Solutions Integrated Trading Analytics and Research Managed Services Industry Industry Asset Management Wealth and Brokerage Media Investor Relations Risk and Compliance Data and Platform Providers Individual Investor Fund House Company Company About QuoteMedia Investor Relations Blog Contact Us Call Sales 1-844-485-8200 Email Sales [email protected] Resources Resources Data Coverage Brochures Web Widget Catalog Research Hub Quotestream Quotestream Pro Support Documentation Copyright © 2026 QuoteMedia, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Manage Cookies [email protected] New Support Ticket Check Ticket Status Please allow us to use cookies to optimize your experience. By clicking "Accept All," you agree to allow us and our partners to use cookies and similar technologies on our site. These technologies can collect information about user browsing habits, help enhance site navigation, examine website usage, and assist in other marketing efforts. Click "Manage Preferences" to customize these cookie settings, or click "Reject All" to deny the use of these optional cookies. For more information, please visit our Cookie Policy . Allow All Cookies Reject All Cookies Manage Preferences