Quotes and Famous Sayings - The Quotations Page Quotation Search by keyword or author: Home Weblog Quotes of the Day Motivational Author Index Subject Index Search Random Quotes Word of the Day Book Reviews Your Page Contribute Quotes Articles Use our Quotes About this Site FAQ Contact Us Read books online at our other site: The Literature Page Privacy Policy The Quotations Page Welcome to the web's most comprehensive site for famous quotes, since 1994. We have over 28,000 quotations
online from over 3,400 authors, and more are added daily. Browse Quotations Quotes by Author: Shakespeare , Einstein , Aristotle , Winston Churchill , Mark Twain , Oscar Wilde , Gandhi , Confucius , Nietzsche , Thoreau , Emerson , Benjamin Franklin ... [More Authors] Quotes by Subject: Life , Love , Success , Change , Friendship , Dreams , Happiness , Attitude , Character , Education ... [More Subjects] Quotes of the Day - Motivational Quotes - Quote Search - Random Quotes Latest Updates and News Tuesday, May 22, 2018 We have quotations from over 3400 authors. Check out our complete list of authors and find your favorite! Sunday, September 10, 2017 We've just moved this site to a new server. You may also notice some of the options have changed as we've eliminated some of the old and broken sections. New features, and new quotations, are coming soon! Monday, January 18, 2016 The US celebrates Martin Luther King Jr. day today. King's actual birthday was January 15th. Read our Martin Luther King Jr. quotations or visit The King Center to find out more about Dr. King and how you can help continue his fight for equality. Thursday, August 15, 2013 We now have nearly 30 thousand quotations! We're adding new quotes every day and working on the organization of the site. Let us know what we can improve! View all news items Today's Featured Quotation Book Stupid Movie Lines by Ross Petras, Kathryn Petras Another sequel from the creators of The 776 Stupidest Things Ever Said, this one dedicated to "The 776 Dumbest Things Ever Uttered on the Silver Screen". Will the stupidity never cease? [ More Specialized Quotation Books ] (c) 1994-2025 QuotationsPage.com and Michael Moncur . 
  All rights reserved.
   Please read the disclaimer .