Quote Investigator® – Tracing Quotations Skip to content Quote Investigator® Tracing Quotations About the Website Search & Authors Resources Media Coverage Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Back Quote Origin: One of the Symptoms of Approaching Nervous Breakdown Is the Belief That One’s Work Is Terribly Important Bertrand Russell? Apocryphal? Depiction of three tired figures from Unsplash Question for Quote Investigator: Many people are forgoing holidays and overworking themselves. Here is a pertinent quotation: One of the symptoms of approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one’s work is terribly important. These words have been attributed to British philosopher Bertrand Russell. Would you please help me to find a citation? Reply from Quote Investigator: In 1930 Bertrand Russell published “The Conquest of Happiness” which included a section about the causes of unhappiness. A chapter within the section discussed fatigue. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 The more tired a man becomes, the more impossible he finds it to stop. One of the symptoms of approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one’s work is terribly important and that to take a holiday would bring all kinds of disaster. If I were a medical man, I should prescribe a holiday to any patient who considered his work important. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Quote Origin: One of the Symptoms of Approaching Nervous Breakdown Is the Belief That One’s Work Is Terribly Important” Posted by quoteresearch December 23, 2025 December 2, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Bertrand Russell Quote Origin: It Actually Doesn’t Take Much To Be Considered a Difficult Woman. That’s Why There Are So Many of Us Jane Goodall? Karen Karbo? Apocryphal? Abstract representation of a difficult person from Unsplash Question for Quote Investigator: Shortly after English primatologist Jane Goodall died in October 2025, I repeatedly saw the following quotation attributed to her: It actually doesn’t take much to be considered a difficult woman. That’s why there are so many of us. Yet, I have been unable to find a solid citation, and I suspect that this is a misattribution. Would you please trace this quotation? Reply from Quote Investigator: You are correct to be skeptical of the attribution to Jane Goodall. The correct ascription is to the U.S. writer Karen Karbo who delivered the remark during an interview. Karbo authored the 2018 book “In Praise of Difficult Women: Life Lessons from 29 Heroines Who Dared to Break the Rules”. In May 2018 the “National Geographic” website posted an interview with Karbo who discussed the women who were profiled in her book including Jane Goodall who was one of Karbo’s childhood heroes. Karbo also discussed reviews of her book. Karbo employed the quotation while discussing a reviewer. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 A woman who believes her own needs, goals, and desires are at least as important as everyone around her risks being called difficult. One of the first reviewers said, “That’s a pretty low bar.” I said, “Thank you for making my point for me.” Because it actually doesn’t take much to be considered a difficult woman. That’s why there are so many of us. [laughs] The misattribution to Jane Goodall appeared in 2019, and QI conjectures that someone misread the interview article. Goodall’s name is mentioned within the interview article both before and after the quotation. An inattentive reader may have assumed the quotation was from Goodall. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Quote Origin: It Actually Doesn’t Take Much To Be Considered a Difficult Woman. That’s Why There Are So Many of Us” Posted by quoteresearch December 20, 2025 December 1, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Jane Goodall , Karen Karbo Quote Origin: I’m Not Crazy. My Reality Is Just Different Than Yours Lewis Carroll? Cheshire Cat? J.C. Penney Department Store? Sue? Apocryphal? Anonymous? Illustration of the Cheshire Cat by John Tenniel Question for Quote Investigator: The famous English fantasy author Lewis Carroll has been credited with a statement about nonconformity. Here are two versions: (1) I’m not crazy; my reality is just different than yours. (2) I’m not strange, weird, off, nor crazy, my reality is just different from yours. I am skeptical of this attribution because I have never seen a solid citation. Would you please explore this topic? Reply from Quote Investigator: QI has found no substantive evidence supporting the ascription to Lewis Carroll. The earliest match located by QI appeared in January 2008 within a Usenet message posted by a person using the handle Sue in the newsgroup alt.fiftyplus. The remark was part of the signature block of the message. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 I’m not crazy, my reality is just different than yours. It is possible that Sue crafted the remark, but QI conjectures that Sue was repeating a remark that was already in circulation. Thus, the originator remains anonymous. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Quote Origin: I’m Not Crazy. My Reality Is Just Different Than Yours” Posted by quoteresearch December 16, 2025 December 1, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Cheshire Cat , J. C. Penney , Lewis Carroll Dialogue Origin: “How Do You Like the Cricket Match?” “It’s Great. When Does It Start?” Groucho Marx? Neville Cardus? Godfrey Smith? Donald Trelford? John Gale? Michael Davie? Apocryphal? Abstract representation of cricket from Pixabay Question for Quote Investigator: A popular anecdote states that a famous U.S. comedian was taken to a cricket match. The comedian watched the field intently but without comprehension. The hosts attempted to explain some of the complicated rules of the game. After thirty minutes of dull action on the field the hosts asked uncertainly: “How do you like the game?” “It’s great. When does it start?” This punchline has been attributed to Groucho Marx. Does this anecdote describe a genuine event? Would you please explore this topic? Reply from Quote Investigator: The earliest evidence found by QI appeared in “The Spectator” of London in 1964 within an article by English critic and sportswriter Neville Cardus. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 A few summers ago, Groucho Marx was taken to Lord’s, during the course of a dull immobile county match. Through the windows of the Long Room he looked on, while a friend instructed him about the game’s rules and know-how. ‘Six balls bowled from this end, then six from the other.’ ‘If the batsman hits the ball where a fieldsman can’t stop it, they run.’ And so on. Groucho listened attentively. ‘I think I’ve got it. The field changes over. They run. Yeah-—I think I’ve got it.’ He watched the game in silence for five minutes, then said, ‘Say — when does it begin?’ Citations presented further below indicate that the journalists John Gale and Michael Davie invited Groucho Marx to witness a cricket match. Marx accepted and delivered a variety of jokes, but there is no direct evidence from a witness that Marx used the punchline above. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Dialogue Origin: “How Do You Like the Cricket Match?” “It’s Great. When Does It Start?”” Posted by quoteresearch December 12, 2025 November 25, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Donald Trelford , Godfrey Smith , Groucho Marx , John Gale , Michael Davie , Neville Cardus Quote Origin: We Only Need To Be Lucky One Time. You Need To Be Lucky All the Time George Plimpton? Vance Whitt? James Grady? Margaret Thatcher? Mel Justice? Anonymous? Picture of five rolling dice from Unsplash Question for Quote Investigator: The repercussions of activities can be asymmetrical. For example, a chronic thief must be successful in every crime, whereas a pursuing detective must be successful only once to catch the thief and initiate legal consequences. Also, the target of a group of assassins must be repeatedly successful in thwarting plots to survive, whereas the assassins must be successful only once.These situations inspired the following ominous warning: We only need to be lucky one time. You need to be lucky all the time. Would you please explore the provenance of this type of remark? Reply from Quote Investigator: A thematic match appeared in 1939 within the “Council Bluffs Nonpareil” newspaper of Iowa. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 They know that if they are cleverer than the opposing players, in time, regardless of how the cards come out, the average will be in their favor. You may be lucky once or twice but you can’t be lucky all the time and every day of the year. In 1970 the participatory journalist George Plimpton joined a circus as an amateur trapeze artist. Plimpton compared the luck needed when authoring books versus the luck needed when performing in a trapeze act: 2 “Flying in the circus was an ideal marriage of the visual with the story. It was also the most exhilarating experience I ever had; it beat them all.” “On a trapeze you feel like you’re hanging above an abyss. With a book you have to be lucky once in a while. With flying you have to be lucky all the time.” Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Quote Origin: We Only Need To Be Lucky One Time. You Need To Be Lucky All the Time” Posted by quoteresearch December 8, 2025 November 25, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: George Plimpton , James Grady , Margaret Thatcher , Mel Justice , Vance Whitt Quip Origin: They Buried the Hatchet, But in a Shallow Grave Dorothy Walworth? Abe Martin? Kin Hubbard? Thomas Kirby? Dave Ball? Anonymous? Picture of an axe buried in a tree truck from Unsplash Question for Quote Investigator: The phrase “bury the hatchet” means to end a dispute and make peace. A humorous twist on this figurative phrase highlights enduring hostility: They buried the hatchet, but in a shallow grave. This statement suggests that the hatchet might be retrieved and the conflict might resume. This quip has been attributed to U.S. writer Dorothy Walworth. Would you please explore the provenance of this modified expression? Reply from Quote Investigator: The earliest match found by QI appeared in November 1901 within “The Surrey Mirror” of Reigate, England which published a letter from Thomas Kirby. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 What kind of olive branch was extended? of which we have heard so much. How shallow the grave of the buried hatchet! It seems rather that the latter has been exhumed, ground, and presented with a new handle. Two weeks later “The South Bend Daily Tribune” of Indiana printed the following short item: 2 It is said that Croker and Hill have buried the hatchet. It is in a shallow grave, however, and will be resurrected at the least provocation. These two chiefs are not the ones to long keep a truce. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Quip Origin: They Buried the Hatchet, But in a Shallow Grave” Posted by quoteresearch December 4, 2025 November 25, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Abe Martin , Dave Ball , Dorothy Walworth , Kin Hubbard , Thomas Kirby Proverb Origin: Every Question Has Three Sides: Your Side, My Side, and the Right Side Arthur Brisbane? Wray Hunt? John A. Broadus? Dorothy Maddox? Nellie K. Blissett? T. F. Thorp? George W. Paton? Anonymous? Question for Quote Investigator: An old proverb asserts that every question has two sides. An extended proverb asserts that every question has three sides. The third side is the truthful or factual side. Here are three instances in this family: (1) Every question has three sides: your side, my side, and the right side. (2) There are three sides to every story: theirs, yours and the truth. (3) In every dispute there are three sides — yours, mine, and the correct one. This saying has been attributed to the famous newspaper editor Arthur Brisbane, but I have not seen a solid citation. Would you please explore the provenance of this saying? Reply from Quote Investigator: This is a difficult topic to research because the members of this family can be expressed in many ways. The earliest strong match found by QI appeared in 1894 within “The Tamworth Herald” of Staffordshire, England. The Reverend Wray Hunt, Vicar of Trowell, spoke at a meeting of the Tamworth Cooperative Society. He argued that members of cooperatives should act as mediators. Boldface added to excepts by QI : 1 They ought to be the mediators, and to occupy the proud position, to which so few could attain, of seeing that there were really three sides to the question — my side, your side, and the right side — (hear, hear). If they looked at it in that light they would arrive at a correct solution of the question — (applause). Based on this citation, Wray Hunt is the leading candidate for originator of this family of sayings. However, this citation may be antedated by future researchers, and the attribution may shift. Arthur Brisbane did use this adage in 1934, but many versions were already in circulation. Here is an overview showing selected published items together with dates and attributions: Continue reading “Proverb Origin: Every Question Has Three Sides: Your Side, My Side, and the Right Side” Posted by quoteresearch November 30, 2025 November 24, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Arthur Brisbane , Dorothy Maddox , George W. Paton , John A. Broadus , Nellie K. Blissett , T. F. Thorp , Wray Hunt Proverb Origin: Inside Every Old Person There Is a Young Person Trying to Get Out Mary Courtland? Harriet Van Horne? William D. McBride? Anonymous? Hands belonging to an old person and a young person from Unsplash Question for Quote Investigator: Older individuals sometimes embarrass themselves by chasing evanescent trends and trying to act young. Yet sometimes they succeed and feel rejuvenated. Here is a pertinent saying: Inside every old person is a young person trying to get out. Would you please explore the provenance of this saying? Reply from Quote Investigator: QI believes that this saying about the old/young dichotomy evolved from a different saying about the fat/thin dichotomy which employed the same template. Here is an example of the latter from an Australian newspaper in 1950. Boldface added to excerpt by QI : 1 “Inside every fat man there is a thin man trying to escape.” There is a separate QI article about the fat/thin family of sayings located here . The first partial match for the old/young saying found by QI appeared in 1962 within an article by Mary Courtland published in “The Esher News and Advertiser” of Surrey, England. The following excerpt also mentioned the fat/thin saying: 2 Someone said that inside every fat man is a thin one trying to get out. I’d like to adapt that and say that inside every middle-aged person is a young one trying to get out. Sometimes, of course, they do, with startling results! Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Proverb Origin: Inside Every Old Person There Is a Young Person Trying to Get Out” Posted by quoteresearch November 26, 2025 November 22, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Harriet Van Horne , Mary Courtland , William D. McBride Quote Origin: Misquotation Is the Pride and Privilege of the Learned Hesketh Pearson? Stephen Gwynn? Lord Byron? Apocryphal? Question for Quote Investigator: The human brain is not designed to precisely remember quotations. Unintentionally paraphrasing or altering quotations is common. A popular writer once suggested that misquotations were the pride and privilege of the learned. Unsurprisingly, I do not remember the precise phrasing of this remark. Would you please help me to trace this expression? Reply from Quote Investigator: The English writer Hesketh Pearson was a popular biographer. He wrote works about George Bernard Shaw, Arthur Conan Doyle, Oscar Wilde, Charles Dickens, and many others. In 1934 he published “Common Misquotations” which contained the following passage in the introduction. Boldface added to excerpts by QI : 1 Misquotation is, in fact, the pride and privilege of the learned. A widely-read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely. He can retain the thought, but seldom the structure, of a phrase. There are exceptions, of course—Dr. Johnson for one—but it is broadly true to say that a person who wanders throughout the domain of literature cannot remember in detail any particular part of it. QI believes that Pearson’s observation may have been true in 1934, but it is now incomplete. There are many reference tools currently available to facilitate the use of accurate quotations such as Wikiquote, “The New Yale Book of Quotations”, ‘Oxford Dictionary of Quotations”, “Brewer’s Famous Quotations”, the Google Books database, and the Quote Investigator website. Also, reference tools in digital format are electronically searchable. Using genuine quotations with accurate attributions helps to reduce the spread of misquotations. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Quote Origin: Misquotation Is the Pride and Privilege of the Learned” Posted by quoteresearch November 23, 2025 November 23, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Hesketh Pearson , Lord Byron , Stephen Gwynn Adage Origin: Inside Every Fat Person is a Thin Person Trying to Get Out George Orwell? Cyril Connolly? Margaret Marshall? Kingsley Amis? Kit Reed? Anonymous? Matryoshka dolls from Unsplash Question for Quote Investigator: Societal attitudes toward body weight and body image have changed, and this topic can be controversial. I recall the following adage from decades in the past: Inside every fat person is a slim one who wants to get out. I do not remember the precise phrasing. This notion has been attributed to English novelist George Orwell and English literary critic Cyril Connolly. Would you please explore this topic? Reply from Quote Investigator: A passage containing a partial match occurred in the 1939 novel “Coming Up for Air” by George Orwell. Boldface added to excerpts by QI: 1 I’m fat, but I’m thin inside. Has it ever struck you that there’s a thin man inside every fat man, just as they say there’s a statue inside every block of stone? In 1944 Cyril Connolly published “The Unquiet Grave” which included the following short item: 2 Imprisoned in every fat man a thin one is wildly signalling to be let out. Below are additional selected citations in chronological order. Continue reading “Adage Origin: Inside Every Fat Person is a Thin Person Trying to Get Out” Posted by quoteresearch November 20, 2025 November 19, 2025 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Cyril Connolly , George Orwell , Kingsley Amis , Kit Reed , Margaret Marshall Posts pagination 1 2 3 … 237 Older posts Search Search Quote Investigator® , Proudly powered by WordPress. Privacy Policy