 Qureka: Play Live & Hourly Quizzes Home Winners Refer & Earn About Qureka Contact Us × Privacy Terms & Conditions Rules Qureka Lite for Publishers Download From Google Play ☰ Win upto 1,00,000 Qureka Coins daily & play special live quiz every wednesday at 9PM Get Qureka From Playstore Download Are you a app/ web publisher? Increase your revenue & engagement with Qureka Lite. Know More For any queries mail us at: get@qurekalite.com Around 60Lakh+ winners till now Total Winning:  8,411 Coins Qureka is one wonderful game. Questions are very standard and informative. I love playing qureka and the format it follows. Anurag Dhiraj Total Winning: 7,202 Coins Very smooth and easy to use. It's better than other live games. Thank you! Niharika Sharma Total Winning: 6,199 Coins It's an addictive form of learning ❤ Manju Bisht Total Winning: 6,002 Coins This game is very helpful for aware about the world knowledge and without any lagging easy to play net not required... Rohan Total Winning: 5,240 Coins Superb indeed.I think this one of the most popular,inspiring and educational app.Thanks. Abhishek Singh Total Winning: 4,750 Coins Easy to play and easy to learn  with easy to earn Mohd Akhlaq Refer Qureka to your friends & play all quizzes along with your friends Qureka is India’s Top Live Trivia Game Show Qureka is a fun based trivia destination where you can play live quiz show & other quiz contests in over 25 categories just for free. Qureka features quizzes every half an hour from 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM so you can play at your preferable time!! We've got loads of different quiz formats - Back to School, Memory Quiz, Trail Mail Quiz and much more.. So what're you waiting for? Download Qureka!! Win upto 1,00,000 Qureka coins daily & play special live quiz every wednesday at 9PM Get Qureka From Playstore Download Are you a app/ web publisher? Increase your revenue & engagement with Qureka Lite. Know More For any queries mail us at: get@qurekalite.com Around 60lakh+ winners till now Total Winning:  8,411 Coins Qureka is one wonderful game. Questions are very standard and informative. I love playing qureka and the format it follows. Anurag Dhiraj Total Winning:  7,202 Coins Very smooth and easy to use. It's better than other live games. Thank you! Niharika Sharma Total Winning:  6,199 Coins It's an addictive form of learning ❤ Manju Bisht Total Winning:  6,002 Coins This game is very helpful for aware about the world knowledge and without any lagging easy to play net not required high speed I have won 2 times.... Rohan Total Winning:  5,240 Coins Superb indeed.I think this one of the most popular,inspiring and educational app.Thanks. Abhishek Singh Total Winning:  4,750 Coins Easy to play and easy to learn  with easy to earn Md Akhlaq Refer Qureka to your friends & play all quizzes along with your friends Qureka is India’s Top Live Trivia Game Show Qureka is a fun based trivia destination where you can play live quiz show & other quiz contests in over 25 categories just for free Qureka features quizzes every hour from 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM so you .can play at your preferable time!! We've got loads of different quiz formats - Back to School, Memory Quiz, Trail Mail Quiz and much more.. So what're you waiting for? Download Qureka!! Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Rules