Business Internet and Communications Services QX.Net Colocation, Hosting and Email QX.net is now a part of EarthLink Business QX.net is now a part of EarthLink Business My Billing Account Webmail Sales Inquiry Call Now 1-877-835-1928 Home Business Services Internet Access SDWAN Colocation Webhosting/VPS/Cloud Services Enterprise Customer Support Sales Inquiry How To's Submit Issue About Our Staff Employment Community Support Terms of Service Sales Inquiry Call Now 1-877-835-1928 Dedicated Internet Connectivity Learn More SDWAN Learn More Server Colocation Have a mission-critical server that needs a low-latency high-bandwidth connection to the internet? QX.Net's Data Center is the place for you. Learn More Business Users QX.net offers many options for Internet connectivity. From small business to large enterprise, we have multiple packages available. Enterprise These solutions are designed for users that require the highest uptime available.  We meet and exceed the reliability of our competition. SDWAN Optimize your traffic, secure your remote connections and bond your circuits effortlessly. Dedicated Fiber These connections can be combined in a hybrid manner with our Dedicated Wireless Internet so that users have two fully redundant Internet connections. QX.net is Kentucky's largest independent Internet service provider. Locally owned and operated, QX.net has been serving the needs of businesses since 1997. The staff at QX.net is committed to providing businesses with the most reliable communications services available. Through offering a robust package of services, QX.net's clients enjoy a single point of contact for a wide range of services. As the operator of the state's largest dedicated wireless internet network, QX.net is able to provide businesses a variety of connectivity options beyond the traditional wired connections without sacrificing reliability. The impressive scope of the data network QX.net has in place ensures that no need is beyond their ability. Whether a small business circuit or point-to-point Gigabit dedicated wireless internet circuit is required, QX.net has the resources and the expertise to deliver the solution. Learn More Services We Provide Dedicated Internet Connectivity, SDWAN, Data Center Services, Cloud Services, and EMail Solutions.  We are your total business communications provider. Business Internet Fast, secure, reliable, and affordable connectivity! Learn More SDWAN Service Let us help you protect your traffic and ensure your uptime. Learn More Colocation Services Highly secure, temperature controlled facility. Learn More Contact Us Support: 859.255.1928 Toll Free: 877.835.1928 Fax: 859.255.1798 info@qx.net 2659 Regency Rd Suite #130 Lexington KY 40503 My Account Make a Payment My Billing Account Webmail Support Links Submit Issue How To's Sales Inquiry Divisions Business Services Enterprise SDWAN © 2025 EarthLink LLC, All Rights Reserved.