Demo account
About us
FAQ
Blog
Log in
Sign up
EN
Innovative platform for smart investments
Sign up and get 10,000 USD to your demo account to learn how to trade.
Create a free account
* The minimum deposit amount to start real trading is 10 USD
Features of the platform
We regularly improve our platform to make your trading comfortable and safe.
User-friendly interface
You have access to all the trading instruments you need, and their speed is impressive.
Sign up
Integrated signals
Signals with 87% accuracy rate will help you to build a profitable strategy.
Try it
Trading indicators
We have collected the most useful trading indicators for you. Test them on a demo account to see which ones best suit your trading style.
Explore
Support 24/7
Our highly trained support staff is ready to assist you at any time.
Submit a request
Bonus programs
Participate in tournaments and giveaways for traders to get bonuses.
Get a bonus
Deposits and withdrawals
Various deposit options and fast withdrawal of funds. The minimum deposit is only 10 USD.
Start trading

Trade on demo – no registration is required!

Or register a personal account to access additional features.

Try demo
Register an account
Grow your capital by making the right trading predictions
Will the price go up or down? Predict the price movement of a trading asset and place a trade.
Try it for free
Practice on a demo account without registration.
1. Select an asset
2. Monitor the chart
3. Place a trade
4. Get the result
What people say about us
We asked our customers to rate Quotex on a five-point scale.
View all reviews
Mobile app is always at your fingertips

Download our user-friendly trading app to your mobile device and start trading.

Frequently asked questions

See the the most common questions of new traders answered here.

How do I learn how to trade?
Sign up and start practicing on a free demo account. It is just like real trading, except virtual funds are used.
How long does it take to withdraw funds?
Generally, a withdrawal procedure may take from 1 to 5 days, starting from the date you place a request. The actual time will depend on the current volume of withdrawals that are being processed at the same time. We do our best to withdraw your funds as soon as it is possible.
What is trading platform and what it is for?
A trading platform is a software solution that allows you to perform trading operations using various financial instruments. You will also have access to the essential data such as asset quotes, real-time market positions, revenue percentage etc.
Can I trade using a phone / mobile device?
Yes, the platform is optimized to run on almost any modern computer or mobile device. You can use either the browser version, or the Android app.
What is the minimum deposit amount?
The main advantage is that you don’t have to invest large amounts to trade on the platform. You can simply start with a deposit of 10 US dollars.
Are there any deposit or withdrawal fees?
No, the broker does not charge any deposit/withdrawal fees.


However, you should be aware that such fees may be imposed by the third-party payment providers that you may be using. They may also apply their own currency conversion rate.
Do you have other questions?
Go to all questions in the FAQ section or contact us.
FAQ
General questions
Financial questions
Verification
About us
Contacts
More
Demo account
Affiliate program
Download the app
Follow us on social media
10K+
76K+
90K+

Regulations

Privacy policy
Service agreement
Risk disclosure
Rules of trading operations
Non-trading operations regulations
Payment policy

ON SPOT GROUP LLC. Address: Main Street, P.O. Box 625, Charlestown, St. Kitts and Nevis.




The website services are not available in a number of countries, including USA, Canada, Hong Kong, EEA countries, Israel, Russia as well as for persons under 18 years of age.




Risk Warning: Trading Forex and Leveraged Financial Instruments involves significant risk and can result in the loss of your invested capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Trading leveraged products may not be suitable for all investors. Trading non-leveraged products such as stocks also involves risk as the value of a stock can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Before trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment objectives and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is the responsibility of the Client to ascertain whether he/she is permitted to use the services of the Quotex brand based on the legal requirements in his/her country of residence.





ON SPOT GROUP LLC is the owner of the qxbroker.com domain.

Copyright © 2025 Quotex. All rights reserved