qz |  Home Toggle navigation Download Demo Buy API Docs Support About Contact Login Industry printing and more from your web browser. Download now Watch how image/svg+xml Print to popular hardware Using PDF, PNG, HTML, PCL, ESC/POS, EPL, ZPL, SBPL, FGL and more directly from your browser. image/svg+xml Serial, HID, USB, Socket and File IO Communicate directly with scales and other popular hardware directly from your browser. image/svg+xml Simple API, easy coding Download and edit sample.html to get started, or checkout our quickstart guide . Bridge the Gap with QZ Tray Support and Licensing Options but we're always free to download and use select a package below to enable silent printing or request a free demo . Premium Support Commercially supported, trusted dialog. Company Branded Commercially supported, trusted dialog with additional "white-label" features. Features Trusted Dialog Certificate 48 Hour Email Response Basic Product Integration Remote Troubleshooting Message Signing Critical Bug Fixes Raw Language Consulting New Hardware Consulting Trusted Dialog Certificate 48 Hour Email Response Basic Product Integration Remote Troubleshooting Message Signing Critical Bug Fixes Raw Language Consulting New Hardware Consulting Company Branded Build Portal Pre-Release Features License Premium Supported + LGPL Company Branded + LGPL Cost $599 USD (annual renewal at reduced rate) $2,999 USD (annual renewal at reduced rate) Buy Now Premium Support Buy Now Company Branded Show other support options Apply for Sponsorship Premium Sponsored Paying it forward Community Supported Self-Signed Testimonies from people like you “QZ Tray is invaluable for us. QZ Tray allows us to do silent barcode label printing from our web app with no problems. The software works well, is easy to install, and has been completely reliable. We could not be happier.” Kevin Tory, COO Tesco Software “QZ Tray is a perfect! Handsfree label-print for all outgoing orders. pakaneo loves QZ Tray.” Ansgar Sohn, Co-Founder pakaneo GmbH “qz-tray is amazing [... and] a life-saver for my startup company! Our warehouse will use it to print FedEx labels to a thermal printer.” Kim McGee, Owner FlintRiver.com “The QZ is absolutely amazing and it's easy to set-up because the wiki is full of information we needed. You can save a lot of your time and nerves. I recommend to all!” Adam Svitavanc, CEO Queens Store “QZ Tray is a brilliant [...] labels and documentation direct from our website dramatically decreased the time we take processing each order.” Gareth Dart, Herring Shoes “I LOVE QZ! and your support is top-notch.” Bill Matlock, BillBuilt Web Systems “The process was so smooth! The guide on the wiki was fantastic and all the info I needed was easy to find. Great product, great support!” Robert Mosolgo, planning.center “Great software that has brought our door ticket solution to life. A special mention goes out to the highly effective support team.” Clement Jobeili, YurPlan.com “Wonderful application, awesome support for premium users. Assistance was beyond expectation.” Jan Dayanan, obtam.com “The money spent on your software is worth every cent, including the great support.” Dr. Markus Löschnigg, DBA Loeschnigg Consulting Trusted worldwide by companies large, medium and small add logo Features we're famous for Thermal Printing Print barcodes, receipts and more from the web Works with Zebra, SATO, Epson, Citizen, Star, Boca, Dymo and more Supports all popular connection types: COM, Parallel, Serial, USB, IP (and more) Compatible with Windows, MacOS, Linux clients Tested with Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Opera Quick Setup Seamlessly sends commands in EPL, ZPL, SBPL, FGL, ESC/POS, EPCL, CPCL (and many more) Open source, free community support Commercial supported versions available AJAX ready by using JavaScript to control print jobs Supports direct JPG, PDF, PNG, HTML printing Open Source code is open source; LGPL Depends on open source projects jetty, jSSC, PDFBOX, jQuery, WebSockets Popular with hobbyists and professionals Tested and deployed in POS and Shipping industries around the world All versions can be used in commercial software. Implemented with languages PHP, Java, JSP, Node.js, C#, Erlang, R, Classic ASP, Ruby, Perl, Python, Go, and many others Implemented with backends VB.NET, Tomcat, Odoo, Salesforce, WebLogic©, ColdFusion© and many others Widely used. Over 1,000,000 downloads © 2025 qz | Privacy Policy