Home - R2B2 Přejít na obsah Value we offer Customer care Try it out Testimonials About R2B2 Contact us Value we offer Customer care Try it out Testimonials About R2B2 Contact us partner@r2b2.io Boost your ad revenue R2B2 is a monetization partner that publishers trust. Maximize your profits today with programmatic advertising. Find out more Calculate your revenue 1. Select a country Země Start typing or choose from the list Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island (Bouvetøya) Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago) British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cabo Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyz Republic Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands Eswatini Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland United States of America United States Minor Outlying Islands United States Virgin Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe 2. Choose your metrics Pageviews per month: 1,135,308 A balanced approach to ad quantity and frequency enhances user experience and increases your revenue Revenue Booster 5 Mobile: 50 Desktop: 50 Rozvržení mobil vs desktop This number is big enough for us to fetch you substantial revenue without any trouble. Just give us your contact information. The size of your website does not meet the connection criteria. €0 /mth *This is an estimate of your revenue based on the ideal formula. Are you impressed? Fill in the form " * " indicates required fields LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Company website * Company name * Email address * By sending this form I agree to the processing of personal data. Submit Generates more revenue The ultimate goal is to increase your eCPM. Our ad specialists will help you find the best solution for your inventory. Get technical support Our team of IT masters is here to provide technical assistance at any time. Connect from any country Joining our ad network will benefit you, regardless of where you are. R2B2 maximizes revenue across the globe. 2000+ websites Over 2000 websites worldwide trust R2B2 with their ad revenue. 21 SSPs The ad sources we work with ensure all the demand necessary, 21 and counting. 2.5+ billion impressions Every month, publishers with R2B2 sell over 2.5 billion impressions. 46 countries R2B2 operates globally, currently in 46 countries, and is constantly growing. Maximize profits in just three steps 1. We analyze your website and offer you the most suitable solution that will generate the highest revenue. 2. We send you a deployment code and, if requested, guide you through the simple implementation using tag-in-tag or your ad server. It is possible to connect via Prebid. 3. Your work is done. We will take it from here. All you need to do is keep an eye on your revenue as it increases. DISCOVER HOW IT WORKS What clients are saying more testimonials Priska Dewi Astarini Programmatic Partnership, Group Head We, KG Media, have developed a valuable account with R2B2. We appreciate all the effort and the professional approach to making sure our partnership stays on course. Well done! Francesco Di Cataldo CEO Collaborating with R2B2 has been great. I particularly value their quality support, fast placement creation, and high-performing Sticky Ads format. R2B2 has increased our ad revenue by 25% on average compared to our previous ad setup. Josip Cukic Programmatic & Ad Operations Supervisor We were looking for a new ad network to increase our ad revenues. The reason why we chose R2B2 is that they are very flexible and always focus on our wishes/objectives. They always find a solution for different cases. Reliable journalism. With the widest reach on social media. The Bulgarian television channel with the largest viewing audience. We continue to move dynamically to brighten the community. The strongest media company in the Czech Republic. The innovative, digitalized, and diversified media company. The world's leading sports technology company We are ≠ because we give stability. The very first search engine in Slovakia. Choose from a wide range of formats We use standard formats as well as our own innovative creations. Choose from a vast assortment of banners and videos as well as popular Vignettes, Sticky Ads, Interscroller, and other interactive options. Do you have any specific requirements or creative ideas? With R2B2, only the sky's the limit. Sticky Ads Banners Interscroller EXPLORE ALL FORMATS Enjoy broader demand R2B2 is currently partnered with 21 SSPs, and the number continues to rise, enabling us to provide broader demand. We also bring our own exclusive demand to the table. View all Get the latest news about programmatic advertising sent right to your inbox. " * " indicates required fields Company This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Newsletter sign up * Sign up By sending this form I agree to the processing of personal data. R2B2 a.s. partner@r2b2.io LinkedIn Pobřežní 667/78 186 00 Prague Czech Republic VAT ID: CZ07965362 Pages Value we offer Customer care Try it out Testimonials About R2B2 Contact us Useful links Media kit for Publishers Cookie policy Privacy policy R2B2 is a Google Certified Publishing Partner and is registered as a TCF vendor by IAB Europe. © R2B2 2025