Register4less - Order Domain name registation with Free Whois Privacy and Web Hosting.  This site requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser. Please, enable Javascript and refresh this page. Already a Customer? Login here. Your Current Domain: Username: Password: Auth Code: Cookies must be enabled. Password is case sensitive. Lost Password? Complete Existing Order: Order ID: Give us a Like on Customer Testimonial: Posted: 2007/10/18 I have been around the block a few times with various registrars. My opinion of Register4Less can only be summarized in two words... THE BEST. R4L is the standard by which ALL registrars should operate. Unfortunately, the others are only interested in collecting the money while foregoing the interests of the client. Tech Support has always been helpful, fast, and provides a level of service above and beyond their duty. Don't waste your time or money elsewhere like Go Daddy and others who use a cookie cutter sub-standard level of customer care. I would much rather have a reliable customer friendly registrar like R4L. Lou Gomez R4L Client since: 2005/10/21 Enter the domain names to lookup: Check: gTLD (com net org biz info) ccTLD (ca us cn de es eu...) Type or paste in the name of the domain(s) you would like to lookup.  For multiple lookups, separate the domains with a space. Check if the NEW domain name is available. Transfers include a one-year renewal added onto the existing time. Domain Registration & Complete Online Solutions We are domain management and hosting specialists, and offer all of the services you need to register your domain name, build your website, and get your site live on the web, fast and easy, all starting at only $15.95 USD/year.  It's one-stop shopping with competitive prices, complete support whenever you need it, and free extra services our competitors charge extra for. More Info.... Free Whois Privacy Many other registrars charge up to $12/year extra for Whois privacy service.  That's in addition to their domain registration fees!  With Register4Less, the non-evil domain registrar, Whois privacy has always been free, and we plan to keep it that way. Managed with PrivacyAdvocate.org , our privacy service helps keep your domain name's personal contact information protected and out of the reach of spammers, telemarketers and ethically challenged marketing companies. More Info... Broad Support for Let’s Encrypt SSL Digital Certificates Our latest concerns the free SSL Certificate we install and manage for all of our paid hosting plans.  The certificate is called Let’s Encrypt, and it's another great Open Source innovation.  The web is quickly moving towards requiring sites to use encryption, and search engines will rank secure sites higher.  Details on blog.register4less.com . Do you have a suggestion or idea for an article?    We'd love to hear it!  Write to support team or connect with our secure chat now. Transfer your Existing Domain Today All of the additional services we offer free with our domain registrations (free Whois, 10MB basic web hosting, unlimited email aliases, Login Security Agent, etc.) apply also to domains that you transfer to Register4Less.com , regardless of how much pre-existing time the domains have.  Each transfer provides one year of time added on to the existing expiry date of each domain, so you will never lose time paid for elsewhere. There is no fee to transfer your domain, you only pay the renewal fee that is adding a year to the domain's expiry date. Work With the Experts Register4Less is different kind of registrar and hosting company.  When you call, email or chat with our staff, you're communicating with not only someone who is an expert in domain management and hosting services, but is also a shareholder in the company.  You'll be dealing with someone who is motivated to help you with excellent customer service! Let's Get Started Each domain you register with us comes with the following additional services for free: 10MB space for basic web hosting Free Whois Privacy , a $12 value Unlimited email aliases Custom DNS hosting Active account monitoring with our Login Security Agent The industry's best tech support via Toll-free telephone, secure chat & email Ready to get started? Type in the domain above and click Lookup New Domain or Lookup Transfer to move your current domain over to the non-evil domain registrar and hosting provider. Questions? Click Chat Now - Online below or give us a call at (877) 905-6500 or (514) 905-6500 .  We'll be glad to talk with you. Orders Login Affiliates Products Help Blog WHOIS Resources Privacy Policy Contact Us FAQ Abuse Logout Copyright © 1998 - 2025 Register4Less.com, the non-evil domain registration and web hosting company!