Skip to main content
Rackspace recognized as Leader across AWS Services
See how our deep AWS capabilities were recognized by ISG in Data Modernization, AI Services, Managed Services and more.
Get the report
Discover how agentic AI transformed our way of working
Rackspace integrated agentic AI with new ways of thinking. Result? Improved productivity in sales, IT, HR and legal.
Download now
Accelerating AI innovation with Rackspace AI launchpad
Evaluate and deploy workloads faster with ready-to-use environments and expert support at every stage of AI adoption.
Learn more
Foundry for AI by Rackpace (FAIR) Success Stories
Learn how we’ve helped customers like J. Crew, Convera and Luckie across industries scale AI and deliver results.
Read now
AngelTrack boost response times with Private Cloud powered by VMWare
EMS Software provider cut technical debt by 50% and boosted performance by 34%
Learn more
Rackspace recognized as Leader across AWS Services
See how our deep AWS capabilities were recognized by ISG in Data Modernization, AI Services, Managed Services and more.
Get the report
Discover how agentic AI transformed our way of working
Rackspace integrated agentic AI with new ways of thinking. Result? Improved productivity in sales, IT, HR and legal.
Download now
Accelerating AI innovation with Rackspace AI launchpad
Evaluate and deploy workloads faster with ready-to-use environments and expert support at every stage of AI adoption.
Learn more
Foundry for AI by Rackpace (FAIR) Success Stories
Learn how we’ve helped customers like J. Crew, Convera and Luckie across industries scale AI and deliver results.
Read now
AngelTrack boost response times with Private Cloud powered by VMWare
EMS Software provider cut technical debt by 50% and boosted performance by 34%
Learn more
Rackspace recognized as Leader across AWS Services
See how our deep AWS capabilities were recognized by ISG in Data Modernization, AI Services, Managed Services and more.
Get the report
1
2
3
4
5
Previous
Next
Your mission, brought to life with our hybrid cloud and AI expertise

As a leader in hybrid cloud and AI solutions, our purpose is to empower the world's inspiring missions through digital transformation. Whether you're modernizing applications, securing mission-critical workloads, automating operations or operationalizing AI, we provide the right cloud strategy, technology, expertise and services to help you succeed. We deliver these solutions through open innovation, differentiated professional and managed services, and our Fanatical Experience®.

Hybrid cloud

Run smarter with secure, scalable solutions tailored to your workloads. We help you manage complexity to boost performance and accelerate innovation — built to run and ready to evolve.

Explore hybrid cloud 
Private cloud

Today’s private cloud is more versatile and efficient than ever. As industry pioneers, our private cloud solutions deliver the optimal performance, security and agility for each workload — backed by a full range of professional and managed services.

Explore private cloud 
Public cloud

Wherever you are on your cloud journey, we’ll meet you there and simplify your path forward. We can help you migrate, modernize and manage your Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud environments and achieve your business outcomes.

Explore public cloud 
AI solutions

The Foundry for AI by Rackspace (FAIR™ ) enables you to move from AI experimentation to measurable outcomes — quickly, securely and at scale. Built on decades of experience helping customers adopt emerging technologies, we help you deploy AI to unlock efficiency and innovation across your organization. And our deep workload expertise means you have a partner ready for Day 2 and beyond.

Go to FAIR.com 
“We partnered with Rackspace because of Fanatical Experience® and their ability to provide an infrastructure to a guaranteed uptime of 99.999%, which means that our clinicians would have secure access to our EMR around the clock at the point of care.”
Dr. Zafar Chaudry, MD, Senior VP, Chief Digital Officer and Chief AI and Information Officer, Seattle Children’s Hospital
See the case study

See more case studies

Decades of expertise matched with thousands of experts

Expert guidance so you can maximize the benefits of modern cloud

2,200+
certified technical experts
10,000+
total technical certifications
25+
years
of managed services delivery
6,000+
FAIR™ Learn
AI certifications
Strategic Partnerships
We partner with the world's leading innovators to solve our customers' biggest challenges, combining the best technologies to create high-performing solutions.

 

                 	
	
	
	
	
	                 
 	
	
	
	
	
	 
 	
	
	
	
	
	 
 	
	
	
	
	
	 
 	 	
	
	
	 	 
 	 	
	
	
	 	 
Recognized leadership

Providing innovation and leadership in the technology services industry for 20+ years.

Leader in ISG Provider Lens: Microsoft Partner Ecosystem, 2025
Leader in ISG Provider Lens: Private/Hybrid Cloud – Data Center Services & Solutions, 2025
Leader in ISG Provider Lens: Cybersecurity Solutions & Services, 2025
Leader in ISG Provider Lens: Google Cloud Partner Ecosystem, 2025
Leader in Everest Group: Cloud Services for Mid-market Enterprises Peak Matrix Assessment 2025
Leader in ISG Provider Lens: AWS Partners Ecosystem, 2024
Leader in Frost Radar: Healthcare Enterprise Cloud Managed Services Providers, 2024
Leader in PeMa Quadrant: Gen AI Services Providers, 2024
Leader in ISG Provider Lens: Multi Public Cloud Solutions & Services, 2024
Major Player in IDC Marketscape: European Microsoft Azure Managed Services 2025 Vendor Assessment
Major Player in IDC Marketscape: Worldwide Cloud Professional Services 2024 Vendor Assessment
Major Player in IDC Marketscape: Middle East and Africa Cloud Professional Services 2024 Vendor Assessment
Major Player in IDC Marketscape: Asia/Pacific Managed Cloud Services 2024-2025 Vendor Assessment
Major Player in IDC Marketscape: Canadian Managed Multicloud Services 2024 Vendor Assessment
Major Player in IDC Marketscape: Worldwide Managed Public Cloud Services 2023 Vendor Assessment
Major Contender in Everest Group Healthcare Industry Cloud Peak Matrix Assessment 2024
Major Contender in Everest Group Private Equity IT Services Peak Matrix 2024
Niche Player in Gartner Magic Quadrant and Critical Capabilities for Public Cloud IT Transformation Services, 2024
Latest insights

Discover perspectives from industry experts around digital transformation, cloud trends, and innovations such as generative AI – all to help you determine your best path forward.

The AI Acceleration Gap: Why Some Enterprises Are Surging Ahead
Learn more 
THOUGHT LEADERSHIP

The 2025 State of Cloud Report

Learn more 
BLOG
The Impact of AI on the BFSI Industry
Learn more 
BLOG
Unlocking Agility: Why Hybrid Cloud is the New Normal
Learn more 
Ready to start the conversation?

We’re experts on your side, doing what it takes to get the job done right — from the first consultation to your daily operations.

Let's talk
About
Support Portal
Careers
Investors
Contact Us
CONSULTING & ADVISORY SERVICES
Multicloud Strategy
Data Modernization
Cloud Security
PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
Cloud Adoption & Migration
Cloud Native Enablement
Application Modernization
MANAGED SERVICES
Elastic Engineering
SaaS Lifecycle Management
Data Management
QUICK LINKS
Cloud Library
Resource Center
© 2025 RACKSPACE TECHNOLOGY
Trademarks
Terms
Legal Info
Modern Slavery Statement
Responsibility
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Privacy Center
Sitemap
×

Back to Top
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Rackspace Technology Cookie Notice
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies