RetroGaming with Racketboy – Keeping Your Classic Gaming Lifestyle Up To Date Guides Journal Together Retro Forum Articles & Guides Forum Topics & Replies Racketboy.com is an independent video game site that caters to the old-school console gamer and their unique gaming lifestyles. Learn More Join The Community The Rarest & Most Valuable Xbox Games (OG Xbox) Retro Console Hardware Price Guide The Rarest and Most Valuable Sega Saturn Games The Rarest and Most Valuable Nintendo 3DS Games The Commodore Amiga Shmup Library Essentials The Rarest and Most Valuable NES Games Retro Gaming 101 Learn essential information about vintage consoles. Defining Games Discover the games that gave each machine its personality. Most Valuable Discover the rarest and more valuable games of all time. Cheapest Games Collect the best games without spending much money. Hidden Gems Explore the best games that usually go unnoticed. Genre Guides Broaden your horizons by digging deeper into different types of games. Hacks & Mods Make the most of your games and hardware with some creative ideas. Push the Limits Technical wonders that creatively max out what each console's capability. Active Forum Discussions The Wrestling Thread Games Beaten 2025 Games Acquired 2025 NEW RB Server - Forum Upgrade - Some WIP www.classic-games.net New Forum Video Embed Function to Test New Years Resolutions 2026 How do you use Chat GPT? I just bought an oXbox for the first time (sorta) What was the last movie you've seen? Books Read 2025 What are you playing? Planning Thread - Together Retro Sharp Dash Alpha 2026 I'm graduating from college! Looking for hard core content providers / essayists Random Gaming Thoughts Visit The Forum © 2004-2025 Racketboy. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Subscribe: When you click on links to various merchants on this site and make a purchase, this can result in this site earning a commission.  Affiliate programs and affiliations include, but are not limited to, the eBay Partner Network or Amazon Associates. Get a nice roundup of new retro gaming content once or twice a month.