RACV | Roadside Assist, Car Loans, Insurance & Travel We've recently reviewed and updated our Privacy Charter, which describes how we use cookies and other technologies to understand and improve your browsing experience. By using our site, you agree to us collecting this information and to our Privacy Charter . Accept Skip to main content About RACV Retail stores Fuel prices Help & support Contact Log in Search RACV Insurance Cars & transport Home Travel & experiences Membership News & lifestyle Log in RACV Home Insurance Helping Victorians protect what matters most Get a quote Get roadside assistance Get a quote Explore RACV Resorts Make a payment View or edit your products Make a claim Thank you for contacting us Your reference number is We'll contact you within 72 hours and may ask for this reference number. Popular RACV products and services Insurance Insurance Car insurance Home insurance Travel insurance Travel Travel RACV Resorts Holidays Offers and deals Home services Home services Home maintenance Emergency trades RACV Solar Cars Cars Roadside assistance Car loans Electric vehicles Membership Membership Benefits and offers Manage your account Loyalty discounts RACV in your pocket Easily manage your products, services and benefits in the RACV App. View, renew and manage your products Use our fuel finder and EG Ampol fuel voucher^ Make and manage claims Explore member benefits and save on everyday shopping, entertainment, travel and more RACV in your pocket Easily manage your products, services and benefits in the RACV App. View, renew and manage your products Use our fuel finder and EG Ampol fuel voucher^ Make and manage claims Explore member benefits and save on everyday shopping, entertainment, travel and more Download RACV App Explore RACV at home or on the road Make improvements at home, explore cleaner energy, or travel to new destinations with RACV. RACV Trades Find a trusted, local tradie to help with emergencies and everyday household repairs and maintenance. Get a quote Find out more Research and compare cars Buying a new or used car? Find the perfect match for you. Compare features, specs, prices and running costs with our expert reviews, guides and analysis. Find out more Holidays with RACV Let wanderlust take over, with a range of packages to suit every type of traveller. Book now The RACV difference You're in safe hands Whether you're home, on the road, and even when you're on holiday, we're proud to have been there for our customers and members for over 120 years. RACV Members get more From year-round savings on RACV Resorts, to discounted movie tickets, groceries, and fuelling up for less, there's no shortage of things you can save on as an RACV Member. Find out more Supporting our community We partner with organisations that help improve the lives of individuals and communities across Victoria and Australia. Plus, we invest in people, products and services that have a positive impact. Find out more Stay up to date News, reviews and advice to inspire Victorians – whether you’re at home, on the road or travelling. Victoria The ultimate guide to Gumbuya World Ready to visit Victoria's biggest theme park? Here's everything you need to know about Gumbuya World. Find out more Victoria Best historical experiences in regional Victoria Whether you're a history buff or just enjoy a fun day out, Victoria has a wealth of old-timey historical experiences that expertly blend education and adventure. Find out more Maintenance What to do when a pipe bursts or you have a water leak A burst pipe or hidden water leak can cause significant damage in just minutes. Here's what to do when you notice a burst pipe or leak, plus how to mitigate the damage, and the steps you can take to prevent future problems. Find out more Explore all of News and Lifestyle Need support? Find answers to common questions, get help or access support. Bills and payments Manage your online account Make or track a claim Help with your products Financial hardship support Update my details Explore all FAQs The information provided is general advice only. Before making any decisions please consider your own circumstances and the Product Disclosure Statement and Target Market Determinations . For copies, visit racv.com.au. As a distributor and/or referrer, RACV Insurance Services Pty Ltd AFS Licence No. 230039 receives commission for each policy sold or renewed. RACV Motor, Home, Landlord, Veteran, Vintage & Classic Vehicle, Caravan & Trailer, Motorcycle and Boat Insurance issued by Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Ltd ABN 93 004 208 084 AFS Licence No. 227678. RACV Business and Farm Insurance issued by Insurance Australia Ltd, ABN 11 000 016 722, AFS Licence No. 227681. ^To receive a fuel discount of 5¢ per litre at EG Ampol co-branded service stations in Australia, eligible RACV Members must activate the fuel voucher in the RACV App and redeem within 15 minutes or scan their valid RACV Membership card. Offer is available once per calendar day per customer, up to a maximum of 150 litres per fill. Offer excludes LPG. Discount not available with any other fuel card. For full terms and conditions visit the website . Insurance Car insurance Home insurance Travel insurance Business insurance Motorcycle insurance Caravan insurance Boat insurance Make or track a claim Cars & transport Roadside assistance Car and vehicle loans Research and compare cars Drive School Vehicle maintenance Electric vehicles Bikes and other transport Road safety and rules Home Emergency trades Home repairs and maintenance Buying and selling a house Home security Home insurance Solar Travel & experiences RACV Resorts Travel insurance Holidays Offers and deals Things to do Holiday planning Getting around Event planning Travel agency locations Membership Manage your account Member benefits and deals About membership RACV Club Help and support About us Corporate Governance Our leadership Newsroom Careers Job list Graduate program RACV Club RACV Resorts Retail stores Careers About RACV Privacy Charter Cyber security Legal Download the RACV App © 2025 Royal Automobile Club of Victoria (RACV) Limited. All rights reserved. This site will not function correctly without JavaScript enabled. Please
enable JavaScript in your browser.