Radarr Toggle navigation Radarr HOME API DOCS FEATURES DOWNLOAD SUPPORT DONATE GITHUB Works great and looks even better doing it. Notifications and fully customizable quality profiles. Multiple Movie views. Follow your favorite collections, actors, directors Frequent updates. See what's new without leaving the comfort of the app. Features Calendar See all your upcoming movies in one convenient location. Manual Search Find all the releases, choose the one you want and send it right to your download client. Automatic Failed Download Handling Radarr makes failed downloads a thing of the past. Password protected releases, missing repair blocks or virtually any other reason? no worries. Radarr will automatically blacklist the release and tries another one until it finds one that works. Custom Formats Ensure you get the right release every time! Custom Formats allows fine control over release prioritization and selection. As simple as a single preferred word or as complex as you want with multiple criteria and regex. Download Windows Linux macOS NAS Docker BSD Others Installation Please see our Servarr Wiki for installation instructions. Download the Windows Installer with the following link and execute it. Download Windows x64 Installer Download Windows x86 Installer Radarr migration Radarr will convert any existing directory automatically on startup. Alternatives for advanced users Manual Install It is possible to install Radarr manually using the x64 .zip download . However in that case you must manually deal with dependencies, installation and permissions. ArchLinux Debian or Ubuntu Others Introduction The Arch Linux User Repository offers a radarr package that can be installed manually
                                                or using your favorite AUR helper . Radarr migration The existing radarr AUR packages already used /var/lib/radarr to store the Radarr database.
                                                Radarr will convert that directory automatically on startup. 1 Install Radarr An aur helper can install radarr and its dependencies easily, or follow the AUR Installing Packages wiki for manual installation. For example, to use yay to install the radarr package: yay -S radarr-bin 2 Start Radarr sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable --now radarr 3 View Radarr Browse to http://localhost:7878 to start using Radarr. (Replace 'localhost' with your server IP if you're connecting remotely) Alternatives for advanced users Manual Install It is possible to install Radarr manually from upstream using the .tar.gz download . However in that case you must manually deal with dependencies, installation and permissions. Docker container You can follow the Docker guide to install Radarr as a Docker container instead. Installation Please see our Servarr Wiki for installation instructions. Link Radarr migration Radarr will convert any existing directory automatically on startup. Please contact us if you wish to port Radarr for any other distribution that the ones already listed. We prefer to coordinate any port. Generic .tar.gz downloads are available for linux, but dependencies, installation and permissions will need to be done manually. Download Linux x64 (netcore) Download Linux arm (netcore) Download Linux arm64 (netcore) Download Linux Musl x64 (netcore) Introduction The easiest way to install Radarr on macOS is to use the App archive with the steps described below. Radarr migration The Radarr package will attempt to automatically migrate an existing Radarr database.
                                    Radarr v0.2 used the user's home directory ~/.config/Radarr to store the application data which v4 also uses. 1 Download App package Download Intel macOS App Download Arm macOS App 2 Install App Open the archive and drag the Radarr icon to your Application folder. Radarr v5 is not compatible with OSX versions < 10.15 (Catalina) due to .NET incompatibilities. 3 Self-sign Radarr Self-sign Radarr: codesign --force --deep -s - /Applications/Radarr.app && xattr -rd com.apple.quarantine /Applications/Radarr.app 4 Start Radarr Open Radarr.app in your Application folder. 5 View Radarr Browse to http://localhost:7878 to start using Radarr. Alternatives for advanced users Manual Install It is possible to install Radarr manually using the Intel .tar.gz download or Arm .tar.gz download However in that case you must manually deal with dependencies, installation and permissions. Docker container You can follow the Docker guide to install Radarr as a Docker container instead. Synology QNAP Others A NAS package and installation instructions are provided by SynoCommunity at: https://synocommunity.com/package/radarr .
                                        Please note that the SynoCommunity typically has signifcant lag in providing updated packages, thus you may want to check out Docker. A NAS packages that requires a paid dependency is created by the QNAP community https://www.qnapclub.eu/en/qpkg/1007 .
                                        Please note that the QNAP Community typically has signifcant lag in providing updated packages, thus you may want to check out Docker.
                                        Additionally, the QNAP Community requires a paid dependency which the Radarr Team does not condone. Please contact us if you wish to port Radarr for any other nas that the ones already listed. We prefer to coordinate any port. A generic download is available for linux, but dependencies, installation, and permissions will need to be done manually. Download Linux .tar.gz Introduction The Radarr team does not offer an official Docker image. However, a number of third parties have created and maintain their own. These instructions provide generic guidance that should apply to any Radarr Docker image. Radarr migration Most docker containers use /config volume to mount the data directory and supply that path to Radarr as parameter.
                                    Radarr will convert the given directory on startup if a Radarr database is found. 1 Avoid common pitfalls Volumes and Paths There are two common problems with Docker volumes: Paths that differ between the Radarr and download client container and paths that prevent fast moves and hard links. The first is a problem because the download client will report a download's path as /torrents/My.Movie.2018/ , but in the Radarr container that might be at /downloads/My.Movie.2018/ . The second is a performance issue and causes problems for seeding torrents. Both problems can be solved with well planned, consistent paths. Most Docker images suggest paths like /movies and /downloads . This causes slow moves and doesn't allow hard links because they
                                    are considered two different file systems inside the container. Some also recommend paths for the download client container that are different from the Radarr container, like /torrents . The best solution is to use a single, common volume inside the containers, such as /data .
                                    Your Movies would be in /data/Movies , torrents in /data/downloads/torrents and/or usenet downloads in /data/downloads/usenet . If this advice is not followed, you may have to configure a Remote Path Mapping in the Radarr web UI (Settings › Download Clients). Ownership and Permissions Permissions and ownership of files is one of the most common problems for Radarr users, both inside and outside Docker. Most images have environment variables that can be used to override
                                    the default user, group and umask, you should decide this before setting up all of your containers.
                                    The recommendation is to use a common group for all related containers so that each container can use the shared group permissions to read and write files on the mounted volumes. Keep in mind that Radarr will need read and write to the download folders as well as the final folders. For a more detailed explanation of these issues, see The Best Docker Setup and Docker Guide wiki article. 2 Install Radarr To install and use these Docker images, you'll need to keep the above in mind while following their documentation. There are many ways to manage Docker images and containers too, so installation
                                    and maintenance of them will depend on the route you choose. hotio/radarr:release hotio doesn't specify any default volumes, besides /config . Images are automatically updated multiple times in an hour if upstream changes are found. Hotio also builds our Pull Requests which may be useful for testing.
                                            Read the instructions on how to install the image. lscr.io/linuxserver/radarr:latest linuxserver.io is one of the most prolific and popular Docker image maintainers. They also maintain images for most of the popular download clients as well.
                                            LinuxServer specifies a couple of optional default volumes such as /movies and /downloads . The default volumes are not optimal nor recommended. Our recommendation is to use a single volume for the data, as mentioned above. Installation The Radarr team provides builds for BSD and the BSD Community creates the Port . Please see our Servarr Wiki for installation instructions. Link Radarr migration Radarr will convert any existing directory automatically on startup. Please contact us if you wish to port Radarr for any other platform than the ones already listed. We prefer to coordinate on any port. Support Wiki Check out the FAQ, API documentation and other guides Discord Join our Discord server for a chat. GitHub Issues Track bugs and features for the things that matter to you. © Sonarr/Radarr. All rights reserved.