Geolocation platform | Geofencing SDK | Maps API | Radar New Introducing the world's first Location OS  🚀 Product Industries Docs Pricing Company Platforms Geofencing Hyper-accurate location tracking and geofencing Maps Base maps, geocoding, autocomplete, and routing Solutions Engage Location-based marketing solution Protect Geo-compliance and anti-fraud solution Optimize Pickup, delivery, workforce, and fleet tracking Industries Retail Restaurants Logistics Gaming Travel Payments Customer stories Learn why product and digital leaders choose Radar Documentation SDK reference Integrations API reference Status Company Blog About Trust Jobs Partners Integration partners Solution partners Community GitHub Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Log in Contact sales Sign in Get a demo Platforms Geofencing Geocoding, search, routing, and base maps Maps Geocoding, search, routing, and base maps Solutions Engage Reach users with location based me messages and app experiences Protect Fight fraud and stay ahead with the latest compliance tools Optimize Hyper-accurate trip tracking and arrival detection Industries Retail Restaurants Payments Travel Logistics Gaming Customer stories Learn why product and digital leaders choose Radar Documentation SDK reference Integrations API reference Status Pricing Company Blog About Trust Jobs Partners Integration partners Solution partners Community GitHub Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Location solutions for modern enterprises Geofencing SDKs, maps APIs, and AI-enabled solutions that help you engage your customers, optimize your operations, and protect your business with geolocation. Talk to sales Start free trial The world’s first Location OS Radar unlocks the full value of geolocation for your business, all in a single platform: better customer experiences, smarter decisions, and better business outcomes. Engage Protect Optimize Geofencing Platform Maps Platform Engage A next-gen location-based marketing solution. Learn about Engage Protect A next-gen geo-compliance and anti-fraud solution. Learn about Protect Optimize A next-gen pickup, delivery, workforce management, and fleet tracking solution. Learn about Optimize Geofencing Platform Hyper-accurate and reliable location tracking and geofencing. Learn about Geofencing Maps Platform Cost-effective base maps, geocoding, address autocomplete, and routing. Learn about Maps Solutions for every industry For restaurants 17 of the top 30 QSRs use Radar for geolocation. For retail The leading geolocation solution to increase engagement and digital revenue. For gaming The cost-effective, developer-friendly GeoComply alternative. For travel All-in-one platform for on-trip experiences and cost-effective places search. Location is everything In an AI-first world, accurate, real-time geolocation data is a critical input into fraud detection, personalization, automation, and more. Radar is helping companies take advantage, from restaurants and retail to gaming and logistics and more. The Radar difference Unmatched extensibility Create custom geofences, reports, and rules. Push and pull data from anywhere. Radar adapts to your systems, not the other way around. Best-in-class performance Radar processes billions of API calls per day from hundreds of millions of devices, handling massive scale and traffic spikes with best-in-class accuracy and latency. Faster time to value Developer-friendly SDKs, docs, and pre-built integrations help even the biggest teams integrate in a single sprint. Simple, fair, predictable pricing Do more with geolocation for less. Consolidate and save up to 50% by migrating from legacy geolocation and maps platforms. Turn GPS into ROI Talk to sales Start free trial Resources Home Documentation Pricing Geofencing Platform Geofencing Trips Places Fraud Maps Platform Status FAQs Sitemap Terms Privacy Company About Trust Jobs Integrations Solution Partners Press kit Blog LinkedIn Twitter Facebook GitHub Industries Retail Restaurants Payments Travel Logistics Gaming Solutions Engage Protect Optimize Newsletter Get the latest Radar news and insights in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. © 2025 Radar Labs, Inc.