The Internet Routing Registry - RADb Support Query Pricing Contact Sign In Register Define. Verify. Share. Thousands of organizations that operate networks use Merit RADb to facilitate the operation of the internet, including internet service providers, universities, and businesses. RADb's data is used by the public around the globe—embedded into smartphones & cybersecurity services—to ensure the connectivity & security of one of the public's greatest assets: the internet. Search Our Database Advanced Query Query Help Reliability,Dependability,Support,Performance Why RADb? Merit RADb enables organizations to register their routing objects, troubleshoot routing problems, automatically configure backbone routers, generate access lists, perform network planning, and more! Even better, the RADb service is backed by 24x7x365 live support . RADb Features Easy Data Management The RADb website provides guided creation and management of Internet Route Registry (IRR) objects. Open Access The RADb dataset is provided to network operators, security analysts and the entire internet community at no cost. User Support Our 24x7x365 support center provides support to the global networking community. Receive unparalleled technical support from experienced engineers. Individualized Suggestions IRR object suggestions are calculated based on the current BGP default free tables. Object Query Registered objects are immediately available for query by the public RADb WHOIS service, the RADb private API, and 3rd-party libraries such as the IRRtoolset . RPKI Aligned RPKI (Resource Public Key Infrastructure) is a security framework that uses cryptographic certificates to ensure that only authorized Autonomous Systems are allowed to originate specific IP address prefixes. It helps prevent route hijacking and improves trust in BGP routing by enabling routers to validate the origin of advertised routes. Pricing Annual subscription includes unlimited IRR object registration and publication, API access for data retrieval and updates, live support, and access to all RADb features. One Year $ 595 Available to all networks who hold one or more Autonomous System Number (ASN) Register Non-Profit $ 425 A special annual discount is available to non-profit and educational organizations. Register Contact Technical Support [email protected] Billing Help [email protected] Live Support +1-734-527-5776 Quick Links Register Now Report a Bug API Support Info Terms of Service Merit Network, Inc. 880 Technology Drive, Suite B Ann Arbor, MI 48108-8963 734-527-5776 [email protected] Subscribe Subscribe to our email updates! Subscribe © Merit Network, Inc.