Radford University | Find Your Place. Here. Skip to main content Radford University Search Close Menu OneCampus Apply Visit Give Menu Search Menu Search About Locations Offices and Departments Points of Pride Office of the President Academics Degrees and Programs Online Programs Continuing Education Curriculum, Catalogs and Calendars Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Cost, Aid, and Value Student Life Housing Get Involved Diversity & Culture Resources, Services and Support OneCampus Apply Visit Give About Locations Offices and Departments Points of Pride Office of the President Academics Degrees and Programs Online Programs Continuing Education Curriculum, Catalogs and Calendars Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Cost, Aid, and Value Student Life Housing Get Involved Diversity & Culture Resources, Services and Support Close Menu Winter Break Closure Radford University will be closed for winter break starting Dec. 24, 2025. University
                                          offices will resume regular business hours on Monday, Jan. 5, 2026. Visit us virtually and plan an in-person visit in 2026. Radford University What a Year! What a Year! 2025 showed us what was possible! We look forward to what's next. What a Year! 2025 showed us what was possible! We look forward to what's next. Academic Programs at Radford Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Programs Continuing Education Academic Programs A-Z 2025 Top Adventure College #1 in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic Thanks to the strong support from students, faculty, staff, alumni and fans, Radford
                                             rose to the top for its incredible access to outdoor recreation, thriving campus culture
                                             and commitment to adventure. With the New River and Blue Ridge Mountains as our backyard,
                                             there's no better place to learn and explore. Community Impact Supporting the City of Radford and Beyond Radford University values its strong relationship with the city of Radford and surrounding
                                             communities. Our students and employees actively contribute to the region’s economic
                                             prosperity and social well-being. Learn more about how we're serving our communities Paying for College More than 80% of Radford University students receive some form of grant, loan, employment
                                                      assistance or other type of financial aid. Learn more about how to fund your education. How Much Will Radford Cost Me? Come See Radford for Yourself Nestled in the stunning landscape of southwest Virginia Experience the vibrant culture of Radford and its surroundings. Nestled along the
                                             New River, outdoor adventures await: hiking, kayaking, fishing and more, all within
                                             reach. Plan your visit with us Student Life Rock climbing, hiking, Greek Life, Esports and much more await you at Radford University. What is life like at Radford? Athletics Discover Radford University, home of the Highlanders, where excellence in sports thrives. Radford Athletics Alumni Forge lifelong connections. Stay connected, give back and inspire future Highlanders. Get Involved Calendar of Events Radford University Men’s Basketball at USC Upstate Dec 31, 2025 Spartanburg, SC 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm Radford University Women’s Basketball vs Charleston Southern Jan 3, 2026 Radford, Va., Carilion Clinic Court at the Dedmon Center 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm January Our Turn Jan 6, 2026 TBD All Day January Our Turn Jan 7, 2026 TBD All Day More Events News at Radford Find out how Radford students, faculty and staff are finding their place and making
                                    change. Jeffery Aspelmeier selected to lead Radford University’s College of Humanities and
                                                   Behavioral Sciences as dean December 21,  2025 George Zama ’25 reflects on Radford, resilience and giving back December 18, 2025 Radford University, NRCC announce shared student advisor position to improve transfer student success through Tartan Transfer December 18, 2025 Radford confers 580 student degrees during 2025 Winter Commencement December 16, 2025 More News 94% placement rate of graduates 94% placement rate of graduates 92% of students receive financial assistance 92% of students receive financial assistance 14:1 student-to-faculty ratio 14:1 student-to-faculty ratio 81% of 2024 class participated in experiential learning opportunities 81% of 2024 class participated in experiential learning opportunities Apply Now Plan a Visit 801 East Main Street, Radford, Virginia 24142 540-831-5000 Alumni University Directory Academic Calendar University Libraries Privacy Statement Policies A-Z Directory Consumer Information Careers Athletics Copyright © 2025 Radford University ©