The Radiology Information Resource for Patients  | Radiologyinfo.org skip to main content Home Tests and Treatments Pediatric Care Screening Diseases and Conditions Safety En Español Spotlight Recently Posted: Thyroid Awareness Month How to Read Your Lung Cancer Screening Report How to Read Your MRCP Report GI Bleeding AI in Medical Imaging Radiology and You Reading Your Radiology Report Pediatric Content Some imaging tests and treatments have special pediatric considerations. The hand denotes child-specific content. Sponsored By Welcome! RadiologyInfo.org tells you how various x-ray, CT, MRI, ultrasound, radiation therapy and other procedures are performed. It also addresses what you may experience and how to prepare for the exams. The website contains about 300 procedure, exam, radiation safety and disease descriptions covering diagnostic and interventional radiology, nuclear medicine, radiation therapy and radiation safety and is updated frequently with new information. All material on the RadiologyInfo.org website is reviewed and approved by experts in the field of radiology from RSNA, ACR, and ASRT as well as other professional radiology organizations. Please note RadiologyInfo.org is not a medical facility. Please contact your physician with specific medical questions or for a referral to a radiologist or other physician. To locate a medical imaging or radiation oncology provider in your community, you can search the ACR Accredited Facilities Database . Spotlight Recently Posted: Thyroid Awareness Month How to Read Your Lung Cancer Screening Report How to Read Your MRCP Report GI Bleeding AI in Medical Imaging Radiology and You Reading Your Radiology Report Sponsored By About | Contact | FAQ | Glossary | Physician Resources | Professions | Site Map | Privacy | Privacy Settings | Terms of Use Copyright © 2025 Radiological Society of North America, Inc. (RSNA). To help ensure current and accurate information, we do not permit copying but encourage linking to this site. Glossary