RNZ - NZ News, Current Affairs, Audio On Demand News Life Radio Podcasts Video Te Ao Māori Pacific IndoNZ 中文 More Top Stories Third party travel booking services 'price gouging' customers New Zealand Business 24 minutes ago A Dunedin woman is urging people to check they are not booking flights through a third-party agency, after her elderly mother paid far more on flights from Wellington. Related Air New Zealand's profit falls amid rising costs and engine maintenance Tourism sector optimistic about next year, summer bookings positive Caution advised as some third party travel booking services 'price gouging' customers 'I want to sit down with her': Cancer patient demands meeting with Nicola Willis New Zealand health about 1 hour ago An Auckland woman who is self-funding treatment for her rare, aggressive breast cancer is fed up after years of asking the government to fund a "life-saving" medicine for more patients. 'I want to sit down with her': Cancer patient demands meeting with Nicola Willis 'Catastrophic': Breached ManageMyHealth app used outdated encryption - expert New Zealand technology 17 minutes ago The country's largest patient information portal on Wednesday confirmed it had identified a cyber security incident involving "unauthorised access" to its platform. GPs worried by lack of information on ManageMyHealth data breach 'Well-behaved' New Year means quiet night for emergency services New Zealand emergency services St John compared the night to a busy Saturday, while police helped evacuate Twisted Frequency festivalgoers from a rising river. 'Well behaved': Police, St John report quiet night as Kiwis celebrate New Year New Year Honours 2026 - the full list More Top Stories Trump bashes Clooney after actor becomes French World about 1 hour ago Trump bashes Clooney after actor becomes French Hospital's towel shortage leaves patient unable to shower New Zealand about 2 hours ago Towel shortage at Waikato Hospital leaves elderly patient unable to shower Driver in Levin crash facing multiple charges New Zealand 4 minutes ago Driver in Levin crash facing multiple charges Hundreds of homes and businesses still without power after storm New Zealand 35 minutes ago Hundreds of homes and businesses still without power after storm We are '10 percent' away from peace, Zelensky tells Ukrainians World about 1 hour ago We are '10 percent' away from peace, Zelensky tells Ukrainians New bruising sparks more questions about Trump's health World about 2 hours ago Bruising on Trump’s left hand sparks renewed questions about his health Latest news bulletin 1 pm Thursday  1 January The Briefing New Zealand Heavy rain, thunderstorms possible for South Island New Zealand weather 10:23 am today Parts of the South Island are welcoming the New Year with heavy rain warnings and severe thunderstorm watches. Weather: Rainfall of up to 100mm, severe thunderstorms possible for South Island Road deaths down for third year in a row, but still too many - police Person found dead on Kaipara Coast Highway, north of Auckland More New Zealand news Politics Nominations open for new vote after election nullified Politics local council 31 Dec 2025 Nominations are open for a new election in an Auckland local body after previous results have been voided by a judge. Nominations open for new election in Papatoetoe subdivision Ministerial advisory group wants commitment to tackling transnational organised crime in Budget 2026 Sheep shearing industry, government announce $75,000 animal welfare programme More Politics news Sport Auckland FC determined to avenge earlier loss to Newcastle Sport 11:23 am today Auckland FC are out for revenge. Auckland FC determined to avenge earlier loss to Newcastle F1 Racing Bulls boss praises Liam Lawson Cricket: Australia's Head hopes Ashes rivals meet for post-series drinks More Sport news Business What to expect from power prices in the coming year Business national 31 Dec 2025 Consumer NZ is hopeful that electricity prices will improve in 2026, saying there are some positive signs. What to expect from power prices in the coming year New Year Honours: Xero co-founder Sir Rod Drury knighted Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 More Business news More News & Current Affairs New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Local Democracy Reporting Comment & Analysis In Depth In Case You Missed It How this clever film proves romance isn't about choosing 'the one' 31 Dec 2025 Eternity is not truly about a love that could last forever. It is about the way that love, real ordinary love, involves more than happiness, writes Tony … How this clever film proves romance isn't about choosing 'the one' Can the 'Scandinavian sleep method' help couples find peace? 31 Dec 2025 The 'Scandinavian sleep method' is having a moment on social media. But what is it? And will it stop you fighting over the duvet? Can the 'Scandinavian sleep method' help couples find peace? 'Worst nightmare': Hundreds hunt for beloved runaway horse 31 Dec 2025 Auckland rider Erin Swainston knew she had to let go of the reins or be crushed by her horse, Scooter, when he lost his footing. 'Worst nightmare': Hundreds hunt for beloved runaway horse Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 31 Dec 2025 It was another tough year financially for many businesses, and some high-profile names didn't make it. Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 More from ICYMI Comment & Analysis NZ report card 2025: How we fared in key global and domestic rankings To borrow a phrase from old school reports: Shows great potential but needs to try harder, Alexander Gillespie writes. NZ report card 2025: How the country fared in 28 key global and domestic rankings JD Vance tries to have it both ways on Nick Fuentes and antisemitism Analysis - Vance could inherit a conservative movement that is increasingly riven over antisemitism and conspiracy theories in its midst. JD Vance tries to have it both ways on Nick Fuentes and antisemitism Parliament's year in numbers: Who spoke the most and how many bills were introduced? Analysis: We look back at this year's Parliament in data, including just how much coffee fuels our democracy? Parliament's year in numbers Australia defeats words with actions to complete rapid Ashes romp Anaylsis: In the pre-series furore, with England crowing and injury concerns mounting, Australia stayed quiet. Its response was emphatic. Australia defeats words with actions to outclass England and romp to Ashes glory More comment & analysis RNZ Music The story behind ‘Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star’ One of the most recognizable lullabies, ‘Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star’ has been adapted and performed by parents and professional musicians including Nicki Minaj, DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince, The Supremes and Louis Armstrong. The story behind ‘Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star’ Summer encore: Settling the Score RNZ Concert celebrates New Zealander's most-loved classical music of 2025 with an encore broadcast of audience requests from 6am on New Year's Day. Find out more about your choices here. Summer encore: Settling the Score Summer encore: The Big Sing Finale One of the highlights of 2025, the Big Sing Finale brought together 24 top secondary school choirs, with nearly 1000 young singers gathering in Dunedin to sing their hearts out. Catch up on the performances here. Summer encore: The Big Sing Finale Hymns on Sunday, 28 December 2025 Hymns on Sunday Summer Requests starts today – throughout January you can hear listener choices. Favourite hymns in this week’s programme include Be thou my vision, Stuart Townend’s setting of Psalm 23 The Lord’s my shepherd , and Guide me, O thou great redeemer . Audio Hymns on Sunday, 28 December 2025 More from RNZ Music In Depth Integrity probe into Yachting NZ drags into second year The Sport Integrity Commission's first major investigation, triggered by dozens of complaints about Yachting NZ, remains unfinished a year on. Landmark integrity probe into Yachting NZ drags into second year Feral cat trapping could get easier The paperwork currently required to legally trap feral cats could be replaced with a simpler online system, after criticism from hunters. A permit for trapping feral cats may get much easier to obtain after a U-turn by DOC 'Rock and a hard place': Inside the forced move from gas Behind the nation's energy crisis are businesses quietly fighting to survive - many feel they have nothing but bad options. Audio Lost in transition: The businesses trapped by New Zealand’s energy crisis Tom Phillips' gun licence revoked months before disappearance New information outlines a key moment in the Marokopa timeline, but leaves major gaps unanswered. Tom Phillips’ firearms licence revoked months before second disappearance, documents show More from In Depth What You Need to Know Ten things RNZ explained in 2025 What were some of the biggest topics RNZ's journalists explained this year? Here's a look back. Political coups, fake doctors, deepfake porn and wild weather - What RNZ explained in 2025 How changes to the foreign buyers ban will work Explainer - New Zealand's ban on overseas buyers of real estate has been softened - but there's one rather large catch. Audio What changes to New Zealand's foreign buyers real estate ban will mean Why you might suddenly stop drinking milk Explainer - Lactose intolerance affects most of us as we get older. Why does this happen? Why you might suddenly stop drinking milk The 3G shutdown has begun - will your phone work? Explainer - Over the weekend, 3G networks started to shut down. What does this mean for you and your phone? Audio The 3G shutdown in NZ is starting. Here's what you need to know More from WYNTK Radio on demand Latest radio segments This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions. This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions. This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions. This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions. More recent audio What’s on RNZ National On now Matinee Idle Just finished Nine To Noon 9am - Midday Nine To Noon Up next The Lodge RNZ Concert On now Your Choice RNZ Pacific Latest World & Pacific News