Skip to main content
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT shop
RT puzzles
Newsletters
Book Club
Download our app
Sign in
Register
TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
Christmas
More
Subscribe
Search
Gavin & Stacey icon Ruth Jones reveals the "serious" firearms training she had to undertake for Run Away role
EastEnders icon Jake Wood reveals who he really thinks Max Branning’s true love is
39 best books of 2025: From Stephen King epic to the Booker Prize winner
.
Netflix confirms release date and shares first look at Take That documentary
The Traitors boss shares how the celebrity edition adds “pressure” on the civilian series
video
Death in Paradise's Selwyn makes a huge decision about his future in Christmas special
Coronation Street and Emmerdale crossover cast "lost for words" after watching "cinematic" Corriedale episode
Latest news

Showing items 1 to 4 of 28

previous item
Axle Whitehead issues three-word response to potential Home and Away return
Waiting for the Out writer explains the show's take on masculinity as not being a "huge problem"
Denise Welch reveals why she returned to Waterloo Road as iconic "un-PC" character Steph Haydock
BBC announces "dazzling" The Claudia Winkleman Show amidst Strictly exit
EastEnders confirms no early BBC iPlayer release for explosive New Year's Day episode
Avatar director confirms plans for franchise if film series ends after Fire and Ash
video
After the Flood season 2 unveils explosive first-look trailer as Sophie Rundle drama returns
Stranger Things bosses "not trying to shock" with "surprising" finale as they address Steve's fate
Pluribus season 2 gets release update from series creator – and it's not good news
EastEnders boss teases love triangle scenes for Vicki Fowler as disturbed Joel Marshall finally goes to trial in 2026
Death in Paradise cast explain how "great loss" of "irreplaceable" Selwyn will impact the series
Brigitte Bardot, French film legend and activist, dies aged 91
Scarlett Moffatt reveals why she'll "probably never" appear on Strictly's main series after Christmas win
Stranger Things season 5 star reveals how volume 2 creates “existential” crisis for Eleven
EastEnders confirms Ravi Gulati will face a revenge plot - along with a mental health story for Walford villain
EastEnders boss confirms wedding and more Max Branning 2027 flashforward details
The Traitors fans are flabbergasted by juicy twist in new teaser – but what could it mean?
Stranger Things creators confirm what actually just happened with Nancy and Jonathan
Doctor Who actor reprises vintage villain for unexpectedly fun charity cameo
EastEnders wins Christmas Day soaps battle as ratings confirmed – but bad news for BBC overall
King's speech tops Christmas ratings with surprise second place beating Strictly
video
Paul Bettany talks the "embarrassing" Amadeus moments he "hated" filming
Call the Midwife creator reveals why there won’t be the "traditional" Christmas special in 2026
Call the Midwife movie gets major update – including "likely" overseas location to TV far away from Poplar
Call the Midwife's Sister Monica Joan confronts painful fear – but a heartwarming moment follows
EastEnders star Nicholas Bailey breaks silence after Anthony Trueman killed off in grisly murder
Call the Midwife's Turner family grows again after tragic development
video
Stranger Things star reacts to "devastating" reveal and "tough" Eleven scene in volume 2
next item
Page 1
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Page 5
Page 6
Page 7
MORE LATEST NEWS
New on streaming
Comment and Opinion
Louise GriffinStranger Things season 5 has already stuck the landing with one monumental scene
Rob LeaneFallout season 2 review: A meandering return to the wasteland
Terry StauntonThe Housemaid review: Amanda Seyfried shines in a satisfyingly scary chiller that doesn't take itself too seriously
Terry StauntonSong Sung Blue review: A big-hearted, blue-collar love story – with a shocking fork in the road
MORE COMMENT AND OPINION
The Big RT Interview
Louis Emerick on his Hollyoaks future after Brookside crossover twist
Jodie Whittaker on forgiving Suranne Jones, keeping Doctor Who secrets and the role she would have loved to play
From Emmerdale vicar to Hollyoaks villain – John Middleton on his surprising soap return
Emmerdale's Joe Absolom teases bad boy Ray’s future and mystery link to the village
MORE BIG RT INTERVIEWS
Radio Times magazine
Premium
Julia DonaldsonWhy The Scarecrows' Wedding is my favourite of all my books
.
Premium
Death in Paradise's Don Warrington teases future as Selwyn future remains unclear
.
Premium
The Night Manager season 2 writer talks new episodes and plans for a trilogy
.
Premium
Meet the man who inspired Ralph Fiennes’s Conclave character - and learn the true secrets of selecting a Pope
.
MORE RADIO TIMES MAGAZINE FEATURES
Pass the Mic
Screenwriter John Jackson: "Why is there a lack of BESEA representation within British TV?"
Adolescence duo's upcoming film tipped to surprise viewers as Ashley Walters makes "beautiful" directorial debut
Dreamers director Joy Gharoro-Akpojotor: "In cinema, after you come out, it's like you stop existing"
MORE PASS THE MIC FEATURES
Want to see this content?

We're not able to show you this content from Radio Times. Please sign out of Contentpass to view this content.

SIGN OUT OF CONTENTPASS
Ad
Technology
Waiting for the Out review: Sensational drama tackles masculinity, the justice system with welcome nuance
Boxing Day 2025 sales LIVE: Full A-Z list of UK sales as deals begin today
I'm a technology writer and these were my 18 biggest gadget releases of 2025 – how many did you catch?
MORE TECH
Going out
23 unmissable sporting matches to see live in 2026 – and how to get tickets now
How to get Six Nations 2026 tickets for men's and women's rugby matches
Best comedians and comedy shows touring the UK in 2026 – and how to get tickets
MORE GOING OUT
Drama
Tom Hiddleston stars in this week's issue spotlighting 5 great dramas for 2026
Premium
Harlan Coben’s Run Away cast and author tease "emotionally devastating ending" and talk "insidiousness" of addiction
.
Premium
Waiting for the Out author reveals new BBC drama doesn’t avoid the "moral complexity" of characters in prison
.
MORE DRAMA
Entertainment
The Great Pottery Throw Down 2026 line-up confirmed ahead of new series
When is Love Island: All Stars 2026? Release date and latest news
Celebrity Apprentice 2025 cast: Confirmed line-up
MORE ENTERTAINMENT
Sci-Fi and Fantasy
2025’s 25 best sci-fi and fantasy TV series - from Andor to Black Mirror
Stranger Things season 5 release schedule and runtimes: When is the finale out?
Stranger Things season 5 volume 2 ending explained: What actually IS the Upside Down?
MORE SCI-FI
Sport
What channel is Man Utd v Wolves Premier League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Arsenal v Aston Villa Premier League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is West Ham v Brighton Premier League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
MORE SPORT
Ad
Soaps
Emmerdale spoilers for next week as Coronation Street crossover reveals John Sugden gunpoint nightmare
Coronation Street spoilers for next week as Emmerdale crossover sees devastating death in multi-vehicle pile-up
Emmerdale's John Sugden plans "Romeo and Julius" death plot against Robert and Kev in ITVX release
MORE SOAPS
Film
Elle Fanning reveals the "meta-ness" of filming Sentimental Value as it mirrored real-life
What films are out in UK cinemas this week? Reviews from Marty Supreme to The Housemaid
Wake Up Dead Man filming locations: Where was the Knives Out film shot?
MORE FILM
Documentaries
Joe WicksMy top tips for a healthy year ahead – with delicious and nutritious recipes
2025’s 25 best documentaries - from Flintoff to Grenfell: Uncovered
Premium
12 underrated TV gems from 2025 – from The Assembly to Worlds Apart
.
MORE DOCUMENTARIES
Gaming
Best PS5 deals for December 2025: Latest UK offers and console bundles
video
Samantha Béart talks BG3's Karlach, Fading Echo and lifting the lid on game development
Got new gaming tech for Christmas? Here are 5 ways to help the planet while you play
MORE GAMING
Want to see this content?

We're not able to show you this content from Radio Times. Please sign out of Contentpass to view this content.

SIGN OUT OF CONTENTPASS
Subscribe today

Enjoy six months of Radio Times magazine for only £55 - why not treat yourself or gift a subscription?

GET THE OFFER
Get your wine before New Year's Eve!

The Radio Times Curated Case, as well as a 6-bottle Welcome Case are still both available with delivery in time for your New Year's Party - plus earn Avios while you shop!

BUY NOW
10% off all 2026 holidays booked before 16 February 2026.

Request your brochure from Riviera Travel. Bookings subject to availability and terms and conditions.

REQUEST A BROCHURE
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Tiktok
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Accessibility
Generative AI
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate 2025
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Disney+
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Upcoming games
Technology
Tech guides
Magazine
Radio
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Subscribe
Radio listings

Your perfect end of year watchlist awaits
Explore the best movies and dramas of 2025, now on the Radio Times app.
Download now