Download
Pricing
Integrations
Blog
About
Login
All-in-one bookmark manager
Intuitive. Powerful. Runs everywhere
Sign upDownload app
Designed for ✐ creatives, built for {coders}
Raindrop.io is the best place to keep all your favorite books, songs, articles or whatever else you come across while browsing.
We're not trying to reinvent the wheel; we're working on a tool that does everything you expect from a modern bookmark manager.
Organize with ease
Raindrop.io is not just a pretty interface, it can help you untangle your bookmarks mess.
Collections

Group related bookmarks within the same context. Thousands of predefined icons. Learn more

Tags & filters

Add tags to classify items. Search efficiently by type, tags, or domain. Learn more

Duplicates and broken links 

Keep it clean. We help you find duplicates and pages that are no longer accessible. Learn more

See the big picture
All relevant info about bookmarks visible at a glance, so you can find anything fast.
Highlights

Annotate web and easily revisit key passages in the future. Learn more

Instant preview

Read articles, view videos, and browse the web without ever leaving your library. Learn more

Multiple views

View bookmarks the way you like. We have Grid, Headlines, Masonry, or List view modes. Learn more

Connect to your world
Want to automatically save your Twitter or Youtube favs? Need more complex integration?

We've covered all use-cases.

IntegrationsAPI
Full-text search 
The entire content of every web-page and PDF that you've saved is fully searchable.

Look deeper beyond titles and tags.

Learn more…
We've got your backup
Raindrop automatically creates copies of all web-pages and files in your collection.
Permanent copies 

Even if a page you've saved is taken down, you'll still have a copy of it. Learn more

Dropbox & Google Drive 

Save another backup to your cloud drive. Learn more

Designed to be personal. Great for teamwork
Enable access to your collection by coworkers, family or the entire web.
Edit together

Permissions let you control who can access each of your collections. Learn more

Public page

Share individual collections with the entire web. Sign-up is not required. Learn more

Safe & secure
SSL everywhere, 100% cloud-based architecture secured behind a VPC.

We keep your data safe, never sold.
No ads & trackers. Open-source apps.

About Raindrop.io Github
No limits.
Starting from $0
Unlimited bookmarks, collections, and devices.
Free to use indefinitely. Upgrade for premium features.

Compare plans
Access even outside of the browser
Raindrop.io is available as Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge extension.
But we also have Web, Windows, Mac, Linux, iPad, iPhone, and Android app.

Access your bookmarks seamlessly across all your devices.
But wait, there's more
Reminders

Add reminders and notifications to your bookmarks.

Batch processing

Add tags, move or remove multiple items at once.

Manual sorting

Arrange items in whatever way makes sense for your project.

Upload media & files

All common file types, including PDFs, images, and videos.

Import & Export

Move-in or move out from Raindrop.io at any time you want.

Themes

Light or dark, your choice.

Merge tags

Keep your tags tidy by merging similar ones.

Features
Pricing
Download
About
Blog
Suggest feature
Help & support
API
Raindrop.io

All in one bookmark manager

© 2013 - 2025 SP Rustem Mussabekov
 TwitterTermsPrivacy