The Plantation

Trailer for 'The Plantation' starring Robert Clohessy, Brandon Lessard, Kara Rosella, Kristina Klebe, Drew Moerlein

Watch Now
How To Make A Killing (US Trailer 1)

Trailer for 'How to Make a Killing' starring Glen Powell, Margaret Qualley, Ed Harris, Topher Grace, Jessica Henwick

Watch Now
A Town Called Purgatory

Trailer for 'A Town Called Purgatory' starring Matt Servitto, Jeff Ricketts, Ken Arnold, Dan De Luca, Zach Steffey

Watch Now
Wuthering Heights

Trailer for 'Wuthering Heights' starring Jacob Elordi, Margot Robbie, Alison Oliver, Owen Cooper, Martin Clunes

Watch Now
The SpongeBob Movie: Search For Squarepants: 12 Days (Spot)

Trailer for 'The SpongeBob Movie: Search for SquarePants' starring Tom Kenny, Clancy Brown, Rodger Bumpass, Bill Fagerbakke, Carolyn Lawrence

Watch Now
Movies
Avatar: Fire And Ash: Dreams (60 Second Spot)
Play Time: 0:01:01

Trailer for 'Avatar: Fire and Ash' starring Kate Winslet, Stephen Lang, Zoe Saldana, Sam Worthington, Edie Falco

Elmo And Mark Rober's Merry Giftmas
Play Time: 0:01:17

Trailer for 'Elmo and Mark Rober's Merry Giftmas' starring Leslie Carrara-Rudolph, Ryan Dillon, Bob Pflugfelder, Mark Rober, Bam Singhasaneh

Jingle Bell Wedding
Play Time: 0:01:27

Trailer for 'Jingle Bell Wedding' starring Michelle Morgan, Joey Mcintyre, Kenny Wong, Teneisha Collins, Lynda Boyd

7 Keys
Play Time: 0:01:44

Trailer for '7 Keys' starring Emma McDonald, Billy Postlethwaite, Amit Shah, Kaylen Luke, Jane Goddard

A Grand Ole Opry Christmas
Play Time: 0:00:36

Trailer for 'A Grand Ole Opry Christmas' starring Kristoffer Polaha, Erin Cahill, Nikki DeLoach, Sharon Lawrence, James Denton

Dead Man's Wire
Play Time: 0:02:29

Trailer for 'Dead Man's Wire' starring Dacre Montgomery, Bill Skarsgard, Colman Domingo, Al Pacino, Cary Elwes

Oy To The World!
Play Time: 0:00:36

Trailer for 'Oy to the World!' starring Brooke D'Orsay, Jake Epstein, David Julian Hirsh, Ryder Miller, Haven Gin

An Alpine Christmas
Play Time: 0:00:36

Trailer for 'An Alpine Holiday' starring Ashley Williams, Laci J Mailey, Diana Hardcastle, JR Esposito, Julien Marlon Samani

The Night My Dad Saved Christmas 2 (US Trailer 1)
Play Time: 0:01:45

Trailer for 'La Navidad en sus manos 2' starring Ruth Armas, Maria Botto, Samuel Buitrago, Sofía Bustinza, Noah Casas

Shows
Rise Of The 49Ers
Play Time: 0:02:17

Trailer for 'Rise of the 49ers'

Zero Star: The Cam Ward Story
Play Time: 0:00:28

Trailer for 'Zero Star: The Cam Ward Story'

Pole to Pole with Will Smith
Play Time: 0:02:23

Trailer for 'Pole to Pole'

Born To Be Wild
Play Time: 0:01:27

Trailer for 'Born to be Wild'

A Knight Of The Seven Kingdoms
Play Time: 0:02:19

Trailer for 'A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms' starring Peter Claffey, Dexter Sol Ansell, Daniel Ings, Sam Spruell, Bertie Carvel

A Knight Of The Seven Kingdoms
Play Time: 0:02:19

Trailer for 'A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms' starring Peter Claffey, Dexter Sol Ansell, Daniel Ings, Sam Spruell, Bertie Carvel

Run Away
Play Time: 0:01:56

Trailer for 'Run Away' starring Ellie Henry, Ben Galvin, Vikash Bhai, Ravi Multani, Osian Salter

Pro Bono
Play Time: 0:00:57

Trailer for 'Pro Bono'

The Eras Tour: The End Of An Era
Play Time: 0:02:32

Trailer for 'Taylor Swift: The End of an Era' starring Taylor Swift, Andrea Swift, Travis Kelce, Amanda Balen, Kameron Saunders

The Cult of the Real Housewife
Play Time: 0:01:26

Trailer for 'The Cult of the Real Housewife'

Games
Sleep Awake: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:30

In the last known city on Earth, people are disappearing in their sleep. Those who remain exist in a crisis of reckless experiments to keep awake. You must navigate depraved death cults, otherworldly forces, and the ever-present horror of The HUSH, to save yourself and those who rely upon you.

Marvel Cosmic Invasion: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:31

A cosmic battle awaits! After Annihilus launched an unprecedented attack across the galaxy, all life hangs in the balance. Nova, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Phyla-Vell, Captain America, and many more heroes, both Earth-born and cosmic, will join forces in a star-spanning brawling adventure against the deadly Annihilation Wave.

Skate Story: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:02:05

You are a demon in the Underworld, made out of glass and pain. The Devil has given you a skateboard with a simple deal: Skate to the Moon and swallow it — and you shall be freed.

Code Vein II: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:30

If time were a weapon to wield, could you undo the sins of ruin? Bound By Blood, Revenants gather once more.

Metroid Prime 4 Beyond: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:50

Harness Samus Aran's new psychic abilities to survive the mysterious planet of Viewros and find a way home

Metroid Prime 4 Beyond: Launch Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:28

Harness Samus Aran's new psychic abilities to survive the mysterious planet of Viewros and find a way home

LEGO Batman: Legacy of the Dark Knight: Heroes & Villains Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:44

Build the Legacy of The Batman...The LEGO Batman! Step into this brand-new open-world action adventure game that invites players to embark on Bruce Wayne’s epic journey to become the hero of Gotham City. Inspired by decades of Batman films, television, comic books, and games, this latest LEGO adventure is packed with classic Batman nostalgia, DC lore, and TT Games’ signature brand of fun-filled LEGO humor.

Skate Story
Play Time: 0:01:16

You are a demon in the Underworld, made out of glass and pain. The Devil has given you a skateboard with a simple deal: Skate to the Moon and swallow it — and you shall be freed.

LEGO Batman: Legacy of the Dark Knight
Play Time: 0:02:19

Build the Legacy of The Batman...The LEGO Batman! Step into this brand-new open-world action adventure game that invites players to embark on Bruce Wayne’s epic journey to become the hero of Gotham City. Inspired by decades of Batman films, television, comic books, and games, this latest LEGO adventure is packed with classic Batman nostalgia, DC lore, and TT Games’ signature brand of fun-filled LEGO humor.

Brokenlore: Unfollow
Play Time: 0:00:48

BrokenLore: Unfollow is a psychological horror game from the BrokenLore saga. It explores the disturbing effects of social media on mental health, focusing on cyberbullying, identity loss, and emotional isolation in a connected world.

Animation
Stitch Head: Stitch Head Is Missing
Play Time: 0:00:57

High above the little town of Grubbers Nubbin, in a castle laboratory, the maddest of all mad professors brings monstrous creations to (almost) life… and then promptly forgets all about them. So, who runs the castle? Who keeps the monsters in line, so the townsfolk don’t form an angry mob? That job falls to Stitch Head - the professor’s very first creation. He does it all, unnoticed and unthanked. But when a ramshackle freak show rolls into town, its sly owner, Fulbert Freakfinder, comes knocking, offering Stitch Head fame, fortune… and maybe even love. A whimsical, heartfelt twist on the Frankenstein legend, STITCH HEAD is a comedy adventure for monsters of every age.

The SpongeBob Movie: Search For Squarepants: What Is Happening?
Play Time: 0:00:53

SpongeBob and his Bikini Bottom friends set sail in their biggest, all-new, can’t miss cinematic event ever…The SpongeBob Movie: Search for SquarePants. Desperate to be a big guy, SpongeBob sets out to prove his bravery to Mr. Krabs by following The Flying Dutchman – a mysterious swashbuckling ghost pirate – on a seafaring comedy-adventure that takes him to the deepest depths of the deep sea, where no Sponge has gone before.

Mufasa: The Lion King: Only You Can Help Us
Play Time: 0:00:36

“Mufasa: The Lion King” enlists Rafiki to relay the legend of Mufasa to young lion cub Kiara, daughter of Simba and Nala, with Timon and Pumbaa lending their signature schtick. Told in flashbacks, the story introduces Mufasa as an orphaned cub, lost and alone until he meets a sympathetic lion named Taka—the heir to a royal bloodline. The chance meeting sets in motion an expansive journey of an extraordinary group of misfits searching for their destiny—their bonds will be tested as they work together to evade a threatening and deadly foe.

The SpongeBob Movie: Search For Squarepants: Hero's Journey
Play Time: 0:00:59

SpongeBob and his Bikini Bottom friends set sail in their biggest, all-new, can’t miss cinematic event ever…The SpongeBob Movie: Search for SquarePants. Desperate to be a big guy, SpongeBob sets out to prove his bravery to Mr. Krabs by following The Flying Dutchman – a mysterious swashbuckling ghost pirate – on a seafaring comedy-adventure that takes him to the deepest depths of the deep sea, where no Sponge has gone before.

Batman Beyond: Return Of The Joker: Harley And Joker's Adopted Son
Play Time: 0:04:24

The greatest villain of all comes out of the past to threaten Batman, Bruce Wayne and all of Gotham City in Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker, the first feature-length Batman Beyond movie. The sleeker, deadlier and seemingly immortal Clown Prince of Crime is back with his own unique brand of havoc and mayhem.

Wonder Woman: Steve Trevor Crashes On Themyscira
Play Time: 0:02:56

Celebrate the princess who becomes the World's Greatest Super Heroine in this Commemorative Edition of the epic story of Wonder Woman's origin! On the mystical island of Themyscira, a proud and fierce warrior race of Amazons have raised a princess of untold beauty, grace and strength—Diana. When U.S. fighter pilot Steve Trevor crash-lands on the island, the rebellious and headstrong Diana defies Amazonian law by accompanying Trevor back to civilization. Meanwhile, Ares (the God of War) has escaped his imprisonment at the hands of the Amazonians and has decided to exact his revenge by starting a World War that will last for centuries and wipe out every living being on the planet, starting with the Amazons. It is up to Diana to save her people and the world—by using her gifts and becoming the ultimate Wonder Woman! Commemorative Edition Special Features: Featurette - What Makes A Wonder Woman: For 75 years, Wonder Woman has resonated with audiences because of her loving nature and quest for truth. Hear some of her biggest fans and fellow creators discuss how her qualities have crafted her into the icon we know today. Sneak Peek - Batman and Harley Quinn: Sneak peek at the next DC Universe Original Movie, Batman and Harley Quinn, featuring the talented filmmakers and voice cast. Creative Team Commentary: Scene and film analysis by producers Bruce Timm &amp; Gregory Noveck, director Lauren Montgomery and screenwriter Michael Jelenic. Featurette - Wonder Woman: A Subversive Dream - A definitive look at a psychologist's dream, and the rich history of one of the pillars of DC Comics. Featurette - Wonder Woman: Daughter of Myth - This revealing documentary explores the archetype and tradition of the female DC Comics Super Hero

The Bad Guys 2: Goodlife (UK Lyric Video)
Play Time: 0:03:05

In the new action-packed chapter from DreamWorks Animation’s acclaimed comedy smash about a crackerjack crew of animal outlaws, our now-reformed Bad Guys are trying (very, very hard) to be good, but instead find themselves hijacked into a high-stakes, globe-trotting heist, masterminded by a new team of criminals they never saw coming: The Bad Girls.

The Spongebob Movie: Search For Squarepants: What Is Happening
Play Time: 0:00:53

SpongeBob and his Bikini Bottom friends set sail in their biggest, all-new, can’t miss cinematic event ever…The SpongeBob Movie: Search for SquarePants. Desperate to be a big guy, SpongeBob sets out to prove his bravery to Mr. Krabs by following The Flying Dutchman – a mysterious swashbuckling ghost pirate – on a seafaring comedy-adventure that takes him to the deepest depths of the deep sea, where no Sponge has gone before.

Jujutsu Kaisen: Execution: Yuji Itadori Vs. Yuta Okkotsu
Play Time: 0:00:35

A veil abruptly descends over the busy Shibuya area amid the bustling Halloween crowds, trapping countless civilians inside. Satoru Gojo, the strongest jujutsu sorcerer, steps into the chaos. But lying in wait are curse users and spirits scheming to seal him away. Yuji Itadori, accompanied by his classmates and other top-tier jujutsu sorcerers, enters the fray in an unprecedented clash of curses — the Shibuya Incident. In the aftermath, ten colonies across Japan are transformed into dens of curses in a plan orchestrated by Noritoshi Kamo, the most wicked sorcerer in history. As the deadly Culling Game starts, Special Grade sorcerer Yuta Okkotsu is assigned to carry out Yuji’s execution for his perceived crimes.

Justice League: Doom: Wonder Woman VS. Cyborg
Play Time: 0:02:56

The late Dwayne McDuffie (All-Star Superman, Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths) penned this epic story of heroism and betrayal based on the critically-acclaimed, best-selling Justice League graphic novel. Directed by Lauren Montgomery (Superman Doomsday, Green Lantern: First Flight) and produced by Emmy®-winning animation legend Bruce Timm, this apocalyptic tale details the nefarious plot of villain Vandal Savage, who discovers Batman's contingency plan to defeat the Justice League should any of them go rogue. Now, backed by his own army of supervillains, Savage sets out to take down the Justice League one hero at a time! Featuring Tim Daly, Kevin Conroy, Susan Eisenberg and Nathan Filion reprising their roles as Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman and Green Lantern respectively, this animated saga also features the voice work of Smallville's Michael Rosenbaum, Olivia d'Abo (Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent) and more.

Anime
The End Of Evangelion (US Trailer 1)
Play Time: 0:00:57

This final movie version was created as an alternative ending to the NEON GENESIS EVANGELION TV series, remaking the final two episodes from the series. SEELE plans an attack on NERV after failing to create a man-made Third Impact. After reaffirming both her own and her mother’s existence in a state of despair, Asuka returns and begins the counterattack. However, new enemies descend from the heavens. Meanwhile, Shinji witnesses the horrifying wreckage of Asuka’s EVA-02 while piloting EVA-01. Mass production models surround EVA-01 and perform a solemn ceremony. What does it mean to complete a human heart?

Rising Impact
Play Time: 0:00:53

Third grader Nanaumi Gawain lives with his grandfather in the mountains of Fukushima. He practices baseball with his friends all day long while dreaming of becoming the best hitter in the world. One day, he encounters a female professional golfer named Kiria Nishino and becomes enchanted by golf after hitting the ball over 300 yards on his first drive. Afterward, Kiria helps him move to Tokyo and enroll at Camelot Academy, a world-famous school for junior golfers. There, his innate talent for golf blooms as he ruthlessly competes against gifted rivals from all around the world!

FLCL Grunge
Play Time: 0:01:30

Trailer for 'FLCL: Grunge' starring Kari Wahlgren, Casey Mongillo, Michelle Marie, Luis Bermudez, Marc Thompson

Howl's Moving Castle (Studio Ghibli Fest 2023 Fathom Events Trailer)
Play Time: 0:00:30

Sophie, an average teenage girl working in a hat shop, finds her life thrown into turmoil when she is literally swept off her feet by a handsome but mysterious wizard named Howl. But after this chance meeting, the young girl is turned into a 90-year old woman by the vain and conniving Witch of the Waste. Embarking on an incredible adventure to lift the curse, she finds refuge in Howl’s magical moving castle. As the true power of Howl’s wizardry is revealed, and his relationship with Sophie deepens, our young grey heroine finds herself fighting to protect them both from a dangerous war of sorcery that threatens their world. Howl’s Moving Castle was the second Studio Ghibli film to be nominated for Best Animated Feature at the Academy Awards.

Spirited Away (Studio Ghibli Fest 2024 Fathom Events Trailer)
Play Time: 0:00:20

A young girl, Chihiro, becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free herself and return her family to the outside world.

Perfect Blue (4K Trailer)
Play Time: 0:02:26

“Who are...you?” Mima Kirigoe, a former pop idol, makes a bold transition into acting, taking on a role in a drama that includes a disturbing assault scene, and even releasing a provocative nude photo book. Her dramatic reinvention grabs public attention, but also provokes unease among her fans, her manager, and even herself as she struggles with the rapid shift from her days as a pop idol. As a stalker begins to shadow her, a screenwriter and a photographer are murdered one after another. "Did I kill them?" Mima begins to wonder if a split personality is gradually taking over, just like the character that she plays in the drama. Then "the other Mima" the pop idol who was supposed to have "graduated," appears in front of her.

Solo Leveling: Reawakening (US Trailer 1)
Play Time: 0:01:00

Over a decade has passed since a pathway called a "gate" which connects this world and another dimension suddenly appeared, and people with superhuman powers called "hunters" have been awakened. Hunters use their superhuman powers to conquer dungeons inside the gates to make a living, and Sung Jinwoo, a hunter of the lowest rank, is considered the Weakest Hunter of All Mankind. One day, he encounters a double dungeon, a high-level dungeon hidden inside a low-level one. In front of a severely wounded Jinwoo, a mysterious quest window pops up. On the verge of death, Jinwoo decides to take on the quest, which makes him the only person who can level up.

Uzumaki: Official 2024 Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:30

Spiral into the dark! Uzumaki, a four episode mini-series based on the supernatural horror manga by legendary author Junji Ito.

Kiki's Delivery Service (25th Anniversary Studio Ghibli Fest 2024 Trailer)
Play Time: 0:00:50

Kiki is an enterprising young girl who must follow tradition to become a full-fledged witch. Venturing out with only her black cat, Jiji, Kiki flies off for the adventure of a lifetime. Landing in a far-off city, she sets up a high-flying delivery service and begins a wonderful experience of independence and responsibility as she finds her place in the world.

Rascal Does Not Dream Of A Sister Venturing Out (Fathom Events Double Feature Trailer)
Play Time: 0:01:02

Sakuta Azusagawa is attending his third and last term as a second-year high school student. There are only a few days left to spend together at Minegahara High School with Mai Sakurajima, a third-year student and Sakuta’s girlfriend. Meanwhile, his younger sister Kaede, who has loved her house for many years, reveals a secret to Sakuta that she has never shared with anyone. “I want to go to big brother’s school.” This is a big decision for Kaede. Although Sakuta knows this is a difficult decision for her, he decides to gently support her. Little Kaede’s feelings are entrusted to Kaede. This is a story about these two as they take a step into the future.

Comic Heroes
Aquaman And The Lost Kingdom: Black Manta Submarine Fight
Play Time: 0:02:40

Having failed to defeat Aquaman the first time, Black Manta, still driven by the need to avenge his father’s death, will stop at nothing to take Aquaman down once and for all. This time Black Manta is more formidable than ever before, wielding the power of the mythic Black Trident, which unleashes an ancient and malevolent force. To defeat him, Aquaman will turn to his imprisoned brother Orm, the former King of Atlantis, to forge an unlikely alliance. Together, they must set aside their differences in order to protect their kingdom and save Aquaman’s family, and the world, from irreversible destruction.

Superman: Lois Lane Interviews Superman
Play Time: 0:04:43

Academy Award-winners Marlon Brando and Gene Hackman head an all-star cast in the fantastic, action-packed film that made Christopher Reeve an international star playing the greatest superhero of all time. From the doomed planet of Krypton, two parents launch a spaceship carrying their infant son to earth. Here he grows up to become Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for the Metropolis Daily Planet. But with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men, he battles for truth and justice as Superman.

Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 3: Push Down On It
Play Time: 0:00:45

In Marvel Studios “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3” our beloved band of misfits are looking a bit different these days. Peter Quill, still reeling from the loss of Gamora, must rally his team around him to defend the universe along with protecting one of their own. A mission that, if not completed successfully, could quite possibly lead to the end of the Guardians as we know them.

Superman: Lex Luthor Aura Farms His Way Into Clark's Fortress
Play Time: 0:04:57

“Superman,” DC Studios’ first feature film to hit the big screen, is set to soar into theaters worldwide this summer from Warner Bros. Pictures. In his signature style, James Gunn takes on the original superhero in the newly imagined DC universe with a singular blend of epic action, humor and heart, delivering a Superman who’s driven by compassion and an inherent belief in the goodness of humankind.

Batman Returns: Catwoman's Fiery Meow
Play Time: 0:03:07

In the second of the blockbuster Batman films, the physically deformed criminal genius The Penguin threatens Gotham City--and, helpless, the entire city can only pray that Batman Returns. Only Batman (MichaelKeaton) can defend the city from total chaos as The Penguin (DannyDeVito) lays twisted waste to a great metropolis. Meanwhile, the Dark Knight may have met his equal in the lethally lithe Catwoman (MichellePfeiffer)--only he doesn't know if she is feline friend ... or foe.

Thunderbolts: It's Coming Right At Us
Play Time: 0:00:57

A group of supervillains is recruited to go on missions for the government.

Superman Returns: In Love With Superman
Play Time: 0:02:21

While old enemy Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey) plots to render him powerless, Superman (Brandon Routh) must face the heartbreaking realization that Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth), has moved on with her life. Or has she? From the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of outer space, Superman blazes an epic journey of redemption to protect the world he loves from cataclysmic destruction. Director Bryan Singer takes the helm in this superpowered epic action-adventure that reunites Superman with a world that's almost learned to live without him.

Thunderbolts: They're Working Together
Play Time: 0:00:41

A group of supervillains is recruited to go on missions for the government.

What we hide: Dropping Spider Off
Play Time: 0:01:21

What We Hide, also titled Spider & Jessie, is a 2025 American drama film directed and written by Dan Kay. It stars Mckenna Grace and Jojo Regina as sisters who hide their mother's body following a fatal overdose. Forrest Goodluck, Malia Baker, Dacre Montgomery and Jesse Williams appear in supporting roles. It has received generally positive reviews.

The Batman: Wingsuit
Play Time: 0:02:21

From Warner Bros. Pictures comes “The Batman,” with director Matt Reeves (the “Planet of the Apes” films) at the helm and with Robert Pattinson (“Tenet,” “The Lighthouse,” “Good Time”) starring as Gotham City’s vigilante detective, Batman, and billionaire Bruce Wayne. Also in the star-studded ensemble as Gotham’s famous and infamous cast of characters are Zoë Kravitz (“Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald,” “Mad Max: Fury Road”) as Selina Kyle; Paul Dano (“Love & Mercy,” “12 Years a Slave”) as Edward Nashton; Jeffrey Wright (the “Hunger Games” films) as the GCPD’s James Gordon; John Turturro (the “Transformers” films) as Carmine Falcone; Peter Sarsgaard (“The Magnificent Seven,” “Black Mass”) as Gotham D.A. Gil Colson; Barry Keoghan (“Dunkirk”) as Officer Stanley Merkel; Jayme Lawson (“Farewell Amor”) as mayoral candidate Bella Reál; with Andy Serkis (the “Planet of the Apes” films, “Black Panther”) as Alfred; and Colin Farrell (“Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” “Dumbo”) as Oswald Cobblepot. “The Batman” was written by Matt Reeves & Peter Craig. Reeves and Dylan Clark (the “Planet of the Apes” films) are producing the film, with Simon Emanuel, Michael E. Uslan, Walter Hamada and Chantal Nong Vo serving as executive producers. Reeves’ behind-the-scenes creative team includes Oscar-nominated director of photography Greig Fraser (“Lion,” upcoming “Dune”); his “Planet of the Apes” production designer, James Chinlund; editors William Hoy (the “Planet of the Apes” films) and Tyler Nelson (“Rememory”); Oscar-winning VFX supervisor Dan Lemmon (“The Jungle Book”); Oscar-nominated SFX supervisor Dominic Tuohy (“1917,” “Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker”); Oscar-nominated sound mixer Stuart Wilson (“1917,” the “Star Wars” franchise); Oscar-winning costume designer Jacqueline Durran (“1917,” “Little Women,” “Anna Karenina”) and costume designers Glyn Dillon (the “Star Wars” franchise) and David Crossman (“1917,” the “Star Wars” franchise); hair designer Zoe Tahir (upcoming “No Time to Die,” “Spectre”); and Oscar-nominated makeup designer Naomi Donne (“1917”). Based on characters from DC. Batman was created by Bob Kane with Bill Finger. “The Batman” is set to open in theaters October 1, 2021 in select 3D and 2D and IMAX theaters and will be distributed worldwide by Warner Bros. Pictures.

Documentary
Twin Towers: Legacy: Sibling Rivalry
Play Time: 0:00:40

Twin Towers: Legacy is a follow up to Robert Port’s 2001 Oscar Winning documentary film Twin Towers about NYPD Detective Joe Vigiano who gave his life as a 9/11 first responder in the elite NYPD Emergency Services Unit. At the time of his tragic death Joe left behind a widow and three small children. LEGACY follows the journey of those children, now men and their call to service in an effort to honor their father’s memory, first in the Marine Cops and then as sworn officers in the NYPD.

Israel Palestine On Swedish TV 1958-1989: Amos Oz (US)
Play Time: 0:01:13

In ISRAEL PALESTINE ON SWEDISH TV 1958-1989, filmmaker Göran Hugo Olsson (The Black Power Mixtape 1967-1975) masterfully weaves together some of this footage, telling the story of the rise of the Israeli state and the Palestinian struggle for independence — as seen by Swedish media. For the first decade, SVT coverage is mostly positive. There is a sense of affinity for Israel’s collective efforts in agriculture, housing, medicine, and what is then openly called colonization. But over time the Palestinians move from the sidelines to center stage. There is hope, there is confusion, there is disillusionment and despair. ISRAEL PALESTINE ON SWEDISH TV 1958-1989 features interviews with key political and military figures, and highlights historic events like the Six Day War, the 1972 Munich Olympic attack, the first Intifada, and the massacres at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps. But the film also shares more intimate, rarely seen stories. We meet Palestinian resistance fighters training in the desert, a Bedouin Israeli with torn allegiances, idealistic Swedish peacekeepers, and West Bank journalists trying to put out their paper under strict censorship. Olsson draws on material from a variety of programs — interview shows, investigative reportage, news stories, magazine-style pieces and even children’s programming. The result is an illuminating look at a changing media landscape and the framing of one of the most significant and intractable conflicts of our times.

One To One: John & Yoko: Irish Talk
Play Time: 0:01:54

An expansive and revelatory inside look at the 18 months John Lennon and Yoko Ono spent living in Greenwich Village in the early 1970s, ONE TO ONE: JOHN & YOKO delivers an immersive cinematic experience that brings to life electrifying, never-before-seen material and newly restored footage of Lennon's only full-length, post-Beatles concert. With mind-blowing remastered audio overseen by their son, Sean Ono Lennon, the film is a seismic revelation that will challenge pre-existing notions of the iconic couple. On August 30, 1972, in New York City, John Lennon played his only full-length show after leaving The Beatles, the One to One benefit concert at Madison Square Garden, a rollicking, dazzling performance from him and Yoko Ono. Oscar®-winning filmmaker Kevin Macdonald’s riveting documentary takes that legendary musical event and uses it as the starting point to explore eighteen defining months in the lives of John and Yoko. By 1971 the couple was newly arrived in the United States— living in a tiny apartment in Greenwich Village and watching a huge amount of American television. The film uses a riotous mélange of American TV to conjure the era through what the two would have been seeing on the screen: the Vietnam War, The Price is Right, Nixon, Coca-Cola ads, Cronkite, The Waltons. As they experience a year of love and transformation in the US, John and Yoko begin to change their approach to protest — ultimately leading to the One to One concert, which was inspired by a Geraldo Rivera exposé they watched on TV. Filmed in a meticulously faithful reproduction of the NYC apartment the duo shared, ONE TO ONE: JOHN & YOKO offers a bold new take on a seminal time in the lives of two of history’s most influential artists.

Des Terroristes A La Retraite: Light The Fuse (French Subtitled)
Play Time: 0:01:40

Tells the story of men and women from Armenia, Poland, and Romania, mostly Jews, who fought the German occupation of Paris during World War II. We meet seven surviving comrades of the executed resistance members. They demonstrate how to make and throw bombs, re-enact attacks on German officers at the actual locations throughout Paris, and share the stories of women who served as key intelligence agents.

Sly Lives! AKA The Burden Of Black Genius: The Impact Of 'Family Affair'
Play Time: 0:01:08

An examination of the life and legacy of Sly & The Family Stone — the groundbreaking band led by the charismatic and enigmatic Sly Stone — captures the band’s rise, reign, and subsequent fadeout while shedding light on the unseen burden that comes with success for Black artists in America.

Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises On Wicked: Ethan, Marissa And Bowen Talk Choreography
Play Time: 0:01:22

Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande and the “Wicked” cast share their journey into Oz.

The Beach Boys: Group Harmony
Play Time: 0:00:48

“The Beach Boys” is a celebration of the legendary band that revolutionized pop music, and the iconic, harmonious sound they created that personified the California dream, captivating fans for generations and generations to come. The documentary traces the band from humble family beginnings and features never-before-seen footage and all-new interviews with The Beach Boys’ Brian Wilson, Mike Love, Al Jardine, David Marks, Bruce Johnston, plus other luminaries in the music business, including Lindsey Buckingham, Janelle Monáe, Ryan Tedder, and Don Was. Viewers will also hear from the group’s Carl and Dennis Wilson in their own words, plus view a new interview with Blondie Chaplin and hear audio from Ricky Fataar.

Come See Me In The Good Light: Five Words
Play Time: 0:01:00

“Come See Me in the Good Light” is a poignant and unexpectedly funny love story about poets Andrea Gibson and Megan Falley facing an incurable cancer diagnosis with joy, wit and an unshakable partnership. Through laughter and unwavering love, they transform pain into purpose, and mortality into a moving celebration of resilience.

Happy Campers: Not A Beach House
Play Time: 0:00:48

Every summer, working-class families enjoy waterfront living in a scrappy trailer park off the coast of Virginia. When the relentless march of capitalism threatens their shabby Shangri-La, the denizens of Inlet View face the inevitable, and reveal the secrets to a rich life.

Avec Andre Gide: Struggle For Truth (US)
Play Time: 0:03:47

Clip for 'With André Gide' starring André Gide, Roland Alexandre, Jean-Louis Barrault, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Jean Desailly

Fantasy
Freakier Friday: Food Fight
Play Time: 0:02:25

“Freakier Friday,” a sequel to the beloved 2003 film with a multigenerational twist starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan, will be released in theaters nationwide in 2025. In the film, Curtis and Lohan reprise their roles as Tess and Anna Coleman. The story picks up years after Tess (Curtis) and Anna (Lohan) endured an identity crisis. Anna now has a daughter of her own and a soon-to-be stepdaughter. As they navigate the myriad challenges that come when two families merge, Tess and Anna discover that lightning might indeed strike twice.

Ghosts Of Christmas Always: Am I Scrooge?
Play Time: 0:01:05

Katherine is a Ghost of Christmas Present and she must help one soul, Peter, rediscover his Christmas spirit. But this year has something unusual in store.

Ella Enchanted: Freeze!
Play Time: 0:02:06

As a baby, Ella (Anne Hathaway) receives a visit from Lucinda (Vivica A. Fox), her fairy godmother, and is bestowed with a magical talent that requires her to obey anything that she is told to do. This proves to be more of a curse than a blessing, particularly once her mother dies and she is forced to live with the cruel Dame Olga (Joanna Lumley). Eventually, Ella embarks on a journey to find Lucinda and break the spell, accompanied by the handsome Prince Charmont (Hugh Dancy).

Candy Cane Lane: Chris' Holiday Surprises
Play Time: 0:03:58

Eddie Murphy stars in this holiday comedy adventure about a man on a mission to win his neighborhood’s annual Christmas home decoration contest. After Chris (Eddie Murphy) inadvertently makes a deal with a mischievous elf named Pepper (Jillian Bell) to better his chances of winning, she casts a magic spell that brings the 12 Days of Christmas to life, and wreaks havoc on the whole town. At the risk of ruining the holidays for his family, Chris, his wife Carol (Tracee Ellis Ross), and their three children must race against the clock to break Pepper’s spell, battle deviously magical characters, and save Christmas for everyone.

Dashing Through The Snow: Bring My Child Home
Play Time: 0:01:13

Eddie Garrick (Chris “Ludacris” Bridges) is a good-hearted man who has turned his back on Christmas due to a traumatic childhood experience. At the request of his wife Allison Garrick (Teyonah Parris), from whom he is separated, Eddie takes his 9-year-old daughter Charlotte (Madison Skye Validum) out with him on Christmas Eve, where they meet a mysterious man in a red suit named Nick (Lil Rel Howery). Eddie, who is a social worker, thinks the man is delusional and needs professional help, but when he evokes the wrath of a local politician (Oscar Nuñez), he and his daughter are taken on a magical adventure that just might restore his faith in Christmas.

How To Train Your Dragon: Toothless (UK)
Play Time: 0:00:56

On the rugged isle of Berk, where Vikings and dragons have been bitter enemies for generations, Hiccup (Mason Thames; The Black Phone, For All Mankind) stands apart. The inventive yet overlooked son of Chief Stoick the Vast (Gerard Butler, reprising his voice role from the animated franchise), Hiccup defies centuries of tradition when he befriends Toothless, a feared Night Fury dragon. Their unlikely bond reveals the true nature of dragons, challenging the very foundations of Viking society. With the fierce and ambitious Astrid (BAFTA nominee Nico Parker; Dumbo, The Last of Us) and the village’s quirky blacksmith Gobber (Nick Frost; Snow White and the Huntsman, Shaun of the Dead) by his side, Hiccup confronts a world torn by fear and misunderstanding. As an ancient threat emerges, endangering both Vikings and dragons, Hiccup’s friendship with Toothless becomes the key to forging a new future. Together, they must navigate the delicate path toward peace, soaring beyond the boundaries of their worlds and redefining what it means to be a hero and a leader.

Peter Pan & Wendy: What's A Wendy
Play Time: 0:01:24

Peter Pan & Wendy introduces Wendy Darling, a young girl afraid to leave her childhood home behind, who meets Peter Pan, a boy who refuses to grow up. Alongside her brothers and a tiny fairy, Tinker Bell, she travels with Peter to the magical world of Neverland. There, Wendy encounters an evil pirate captain, Captain Hook, and embarks on a thrilling and dangerous adventure that will change her life forever.

Hocus Pocus 2: We Must Fly
Play Time: 0:01:12

It’s been 29 years since someone lit the Black Flame Candle and resurrected the 17th-century sisters, and they are looking for revenge. Now it is up to three high-school students to stop the ravenous witches from wreaking a new kind of havoc on Salem before dawn on All Hallow’s Eve.

Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas: Nicholas
Play Time: 0:02:52

Every year at Christmas time it seems the baby in the manger takes more and more of a backseat to retail sales, Santa Claus, and political correctness. With "Merry Christmas" being replaced by "Seasons Greetings" and court ordered removal of public nativity scenes, the fruit of Mary's womb is falling on hard times. But this year, Kirk Cameron is taking back Christmas with his engaging new movie KIRK CAMERON’S SAVING CHRISTMAS. Opening in select theaters November 14, the newest movie from the star of Fireproof and Unstoppable is filled with laughter, warmth, and God-honoring cheer! KIRK CAMERON’S SAVING CHRISTMAS will change the way your family sees and celebrates this magical time of year. In KIRK CAMERON’S SAVING CHRISTMAS, Kirk’s sister’s annual Christmas party is about to be ruined by Kirk’s brother-in-law Christian, who is chock full of no-fun Scroogery. Kirk realizes it’s his job to grab Christian by his seasonal sweater and show him Christ where Christ has always been: smack dab at the center of all the Christmas hoopla. KIRK CAMERON’S SAVING CHRISTMAS provides a biblical basis for our favorite time-honored traditions and celebrations, and the inspiration to stand strongly against a culture that wants to trivialize and eliminate the faith elements of this holy season. This Christmas, have your family join with Kirk Cameron’s family and dive headfirst into all the joy, dancing, celebration, feasting, imagination, and traditions that glorify the true “reason for the season.” Take in the splendor take in the majesty take in the story. Take it all in … and then take back Christmas!

Chupa: Dinner With A Chupacabra
Play Time: 0:02:41

While visiting family in Mexico, a lonely boy befriends a mythical creature hiding on his grandfather's ranch and embarks on the adventure of a lifetime.

Horror
Psycho Therapy: The Shallow Tale Of A Writer Who Decided To Write About A Serial Killer: A Marriage Counselor?
Play Time: 0:00:59

Masquerading as a marriage counselor, a serial killer teaches his methods to a desperate writer trying to find inspiration and save his marriage.

The Invisible Raptor: Heartbeat
Play Time: 0:01:40

An amusement park paleontologist and a hapless security guard team up to stop an invisible raptor from wreaking havoc on their small town.

It Feeds: I Can't Help Her (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:01

A young girl insists that a malevolent entity is feeding on her, and her anguished father desperately struggles to protect his own daughter. To save the girl before she is consumed completely, a clairvoyant therapist must confront her own personal demons.

Bone Lake: Running (Censored)
Play Time: 0:01:09

A couple’s romantic vacation at a secluded lakeside estate is upended when they are forced to share the mansion with a mysterious and attractive couple. In this darkly hilarious and seductive horror story, a dream getaway spirals into a nightmarish maze of sex, lies, and manipulation, bringing terrifying secrets to light and triggering a bloody battle for survival.

The Banished: Attack
Play Time: 0:01:45

After her brother mysteriously goes missing, Grace ventures into the dangerous wilderness to find him. As she uncovers the horrific truth of his disappearance, she is faced with a darkness which threatens to claim her as well.

The Strangers: Chapter 2: I Knew You Wouldn't Leave Me
Play Time: 0:00:46

The Strangers are back – more brutal and relentless than ever. When they learn that one of their victims, Maya (Madelaine Petsch), is still alive, they return to finish what they’ve started. With nowhere to run and no one to trust, Maya must survive another horrific chapter of terror as The Strangers – driven by a senseless, unceasing purpose – pursue her, more than willing to kill anyone who stands in their way.

Ghost Killer: Bar Fight (US)
Play Time: 0:01:28

When college student Fumika stumbles upon the bullet that ended hitman Kudo’s life, his vengeful spirit takes hold of her body. Now possessed by a ruthless assassin’s rage and skills, she becomes an unstoppable force, hunting down those responsible for his death. As the body count rises, the line between Fumika and Kudo begins to blur. From the action director of Baby Assassins, One-Percent Warrior, and Bad City, Ghost Killer delivers a furious tale of supernatural revenge.

The House at Hallow End: Rocking Chair Scare (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:51

A struggling new mother fights a generations-old presence lurking within her family home, threatening her safety, her sanity, and the life of her infant child.

Woken: Sound The Alarm (US)
Play Time: 0:00:45

A woman who wakes from an accident with no memory of who she is and the realisation that the human race is close to extinction.

The Conjuring: Last Rites: Evil Reveals Itself
Play Time: 0:04:20

The Conjuring: Last Rites delivers another thrilling chapter of the iconic Conjuring cinematic universe, based on real events. Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson reunite for one last case as renowned, real-life paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren in a powerful and spine-chilling addition to the global box office-breaking franchise.

Musical
Singin' In The Rain: Don Lockwood Makes Elocution Lessons Fun
Play Time: 0:03:05

Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds and Donald O'Connor star in Singin' in the Rain, one of the greatest and most successful musicals ever filmed—filled with memorable songs, lavish routines and Kelly's fabulous song-and-dance number performed in the rain. Set during the advent of "talkies," Don Lockwood (Kelly) has risen to stardom during Hollywood's silent-movie era—paired with the beautiful, jealous and dumb Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen in her Oscar-nominated performance). And when Lockwood becomes attracted to young studio singer Kathy Selden (Reynolds), Lamont has her fired. But with the introduction of talking pictures, Lockwood finds his career in jeopardy after audiences laugh when they hear Lamont speak in her shrill voice for the first time...until the studio decides to use Selden to dub her voice.

Disenchanted: Thank You Stepmother
Play Time: 0:01:01

It has been 15 years since Giselle (Amy Adams) and Robert (Patrick Dempsey) wed, but Giselle has grown disillusioned with life in the city, so they move their growing family to the sleepy suburban community of Monroeville in search of a more fairy tale life. Unfortunately, it isn’t the quick fix she had hoped for. Suburbia has a whole new set of rules and a local queen bee, Malvina Monroe (Maya Rudolph), who makes Giselle feel more out of place than ever. Frustrated that her happily ever after hasn’t been so easy to find, she turns to the magic of Andalasia for help, accidentally transforming the entire town into a real-life fairy tale and placing her family’s future happiness in jeopardy. Now, Giselle is in a race against time to reverse the spell and determine what happily ever after truly means to her and her family.

13: The Musical: Getting Ready
Play Time: 0:01:48

After moving from New York City to Indiana, a 12-year-old navigates his parents' divorce, his impending bar mitzvah and his new school's social circles.

The Testament Of Ann Lee: Hunger & Thirst
Play Time: 0:02:52

From award-winning writer-director Mona Fastvold (The World to Come, The Brutalist) comes the extraordinary true legend of Ann Lee, founder of the devotional sect known as the Shakers. Academy Award nominee Amanda Seyfried stars as the Shaker's irrepressible leader, who preached gender and social equality and was revered by her followers. The Testament of Ann Lee captures the ecstasy and agony of her quest to build a utopia, featuring more than a dozen traditional Shaker hymns reimagined as rapturous movements with choreography by Celia Rowlson-Hall (Vox Lux) and original songs & score by Academy Award winner Daniel Blumberg (The Brutalist).

The Color Purple: I Come Here Out Of Respect
Play Time: 0:03:00

The extraordinary sisterhood of three women who share one unbreakable bond in “The Color Purple.”

Matilda: Daddy's Back (UK)
Play Time: 0:00:45

A brand new take on the Tony and Olivier award-winning musical. Roald Dahl’s Matilda the Musical tells the story of an extraordinary girl, with a vivid imagination, who dares to take a stand to change her story with miraculous results.

Wonka: A Good Chocolate (UK)
Play Time: 0:02:00

The film is based on characters by Roald Dahl, inspired especially by one of Dahl’s most beloved characters, Willy Wonka, and takes place before the events of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

Pinocchio: Sidekicks And Mentors (Featurette)
Play Time: 0:00:53

Academy Award® winner Robert Zemeckis directs this live action retelling of the beloved tale of a wooden puppet who embarks on a thrilling adventure to become a real boy. Tom Hanks stars as Geppetto, the wood-carver who builds and treats Pinocchio (Benjamin Evan Ainsworth) as if he were his own son.

Wicked: For Good: She Made Her Choice (UK)
Play Time: 0:00:44

Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo), now demonized as The Wicked Witch of the West, lives in exile, hidden within the Ozian forest while continuing her fight for the freedom of Oz’s silenced Animals and desperately trying to expose the truth she knows about The Wizard (Jeff Goldblum). Glinda, meanwhile, has become the glamorous symbol of Goodness for all of Oz, living at the palace in Emerald City and reveling in the perks of fame and popularity. Under the instruction of Madame Morrible (Oscar® winner Michelle Yeoh), Glinda is deployed to serve as an effervescent comfort to Oz, reassuring the masses that all is well under the rule of The Wizard. As Glinda’s stardom expands and she prepares to marry Prince Fiyero (Olivier award winner and Emmy and SAG nominee Jonathan Bailey) in a spectacular Ozian wedding, she is haunted by her separation from Elphaba. She attempts to broker a conciliation between Elphaba and The Wizard, but those efforts will fail, driving Elphaba and Glinda only further apart. The aftershocks will transform Boq (Tony nominee Ethan Slater) and Fiyero forever, and threaten the safety of Elphaba’s sister, Nessarose (Marissa Bode), when a girl from Kansas comes crashing into all their lives. As an angry mob rises against the Wicked Witch, Glinda and Elphaba will need to come together one final time. With their singular friendship now the fulcrum of their futures, they will need to truly see each other, with honesty and empathy, if they are to change themselves, and all of Oz, for good.

The Color Purple: Sister Song
Play Time: 0:02:20

The extraordinary sisterhood of three women who share one unbreakable bond in “The Color Purple.”

Reality-TV
Love Is Blind: Italy
Play Time: 0:01:50

Divided into pods, Italian singles meet, date and get engaged — sight unseen — in their quest to find and marry their one true love.

Dinner Budget Showdown
Play Time: 0:00:29

Join Sandra Lee and co-host restaurateur Jordan Andino for a new cooking competition where smart budget hacks for shopping and cooking take center stage. In each episode, a surprise guest chef creates an expensive meal that three home cooks must use as inspiration for their own meals, created on a budget. Who will make the best, least expensive dish and win free groceries for a year?

Clash The Cookbooks
Play Time: 0:00:30

Trailer for 'Clash the Cookbooks' starring Phoebe Robinson, Max Miller, Seis Kamimura, Lisa Paradise, Umair Khakoo

Yolanthe
Play Time: 0:01:37

This reality series follows Yolanthe Cabau in her glamorous new life in Los Angeles as she faces unexpected challenges and ghosts from her past.

Love Is Blind: UK
Play Time: 0:02:03

UK singles who want to be loved for who they are have signed up for a less-conventional approach to modern dating, and will choose someone to marry without ever meeting them. Over several weeks, the newly engaged couples will move in together, plan their wedding and find out if their physical connection matches their strong emotional bond developed in the Pods. When their wedding day arrives, will real-world realities and external factors push them apart, or will they marry the person they fell blindly in love with? Hosted by Matt and Emma Willis, this series will uncover whether looks, race or age do matter, or if love really is blind.

The Goat
Play Time: 0:01:29

Daniel Tosh welcomes 14 reality superstars into a hilarious, drama-filled new competition show where both the strong and totally clueless can survive! Each week, Bachelors, Housewives, Food Network stars, and Shahs of Sunset will face off and eliminate each other until one person is crowned reality television's Greatest of All Time.

Second Chance Stage
Play Time: 0:01:22

Trailer for 'Second Chance Stage' starring Taye Diggs, Martina McBride, Emmanuel Acho, Heidi Gardner, Miranda Louis

Songs & Stories With Kelly Clarkson
Play Time: 0:00:30

Trailer for 'Songs & Stories with Kelly Clarkson'

100 Day Hotel Challenge
Play Time: 0:03:16

Brian and Mika Kleinschmidt go head-to-head in HGTV's new beach renovation competition series, 100 Day Hotel Challenge.

Human Vs Hamster
Play Time: 0:01:14

In this never-before-seen epic competition 10 extraordinary hamsters go toe-to-toe with teams of exceptional humans from all across North America. A monumental battle that will test their skill, strength, agility, and of course, their eating prowess! Brace yourself for the ultimate showdown, housed inside an epic hamster’s playground, seen through a child's lens, where our human contenders and remarkable hamsters will battle it out in a series of wacky challenges, all for the sake of determining which species is superior, humans or hamsters? Get ready as the battle for supremacy unfolds!

Sci-Fi
Godzilla Vs. Kong: Kong And Jia (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:07

Legends collide in “Godzilla vs. Kong” as these mythic adversaries meet in a spectacular battle for the ages, with the fate of the world hanging in the balance. Kong and his protectors undertake a perilous journey to find his true home, and with them is Jia, a young orphaned girl with whom he has formed a unique and powerful bond. But they unexpectedly find themselves in the path of an enraged Godzilla, cutting a swath of destruction across the globe. The epic clash between the two titans—instigated by unseen forces—is only the beginning of the mystery that lies deep within the core of the Earth.

Kingdom Of The Planet Of The Apes: What A Wonderful Day
Play Time: 0:01:23

Director Wes Ball breathes new life into the global, epic franchise set several generations in the future following Caesar’s reign, in which apes are the dominant species living harmoniously and humans have been reduced to living in the shadows. As a new tyrannical ape leader builds his empire, one young ape undertakes a harrowing journey that will cause him to question all that he has known about the past and to make choices that will define a future for apes and humans alike.

The Occupant: Climb (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:41

Abby Brennan refuses to accept the news that her sister Beth is dying. Her last hope: an experimental and expensive treatment she believes could save her sister’s life. To pay for this, Abby takes a job as consulting geologist for a Georgian uranium mine. When she chances upon a rare and mysterious meteorite fragment in the remote taiga, she thinks she has found the golden ticket to Beth’s cure. But on her flight home, the helicopter crashes and she is stranded in the relentlessly cold wilderness. There is a beacon of hope; John, an American pilot whose plane was brought down in the harsh conditions, guides her in his direction through the radio. As Abby fights her way across an unforgiving landscape, she gradually realises that John is not who he claims to be and that he has an ulterior motive…

Sonic The Hedgehog 3: Weakling
Play Time: 0:01:43

Sonic the Hedgehog returns to the big screen this holiday season in his most thrilling adventure yet. Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary, Shadow, a mysterious villain with powers unlike anything they have faced before. With their abilities outmatched in every way, Team Sonic must seek out an unlikely alliance in hopes of stopping Shadow and protecting the planet.

The Greatest Hits: Mad Max
Play Time: 0:00:33

Harriet (Lucy Boynton) experiences a unique connection between art and reality. She discovers that specific songs have the power to transport her back in time, driving her to relive various special moments with her ex-boyfriend (David Corenswet). Her time-traveling experiences begin to bleed into present day when meeting someone new (Justin H. Min). Throughout her journey, Harriet explores the mesmerizing link between music and memory, facing her with difficult decisions of whether altering the past is a choice worth making.

Bugonia: Where's My Hair
Play Time: 0:00:21

Two conspiracy obsessed young men kidnap the high-powered CEO of a major company, convinced that she is an alien intent on destroying planet Earth.

Avatar: Fire And Ash: All I Have Is My Faith
Play Time: 0:00:58

With “Avatar: Fire and Ash,” James Cameron takes audiences back to Pandora in an immersive new adventure with Marine turned Na’vi leader Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), Na’vi warrior Neytiri (Zoe Saldaña), and the Sully family.

Predator: Badlands: Be Brave Brother
Play Time: 0:01:08

“Predator: Badlands" is set in the future on a remote planet, where a young Predator (Schuster-Koloamatangi), outcast from his clan, finds an unlikely ally in Thia (Fanning) and embarks on a treacherous journey in search of the ultimate adversary.

M3GAN 2.0: Gemma Finds M3GAN In Her House (UK)
Play Time: 0:00:35

Two years after M3GAN, a marvel of artificial intelligence, went rogue and embarked on a murderous (and impeccably choreographed) rampage and was subsequently destroyed, M3GAN’s creator Gemma (Allison Williams) has become a high-profile author and advocate for government oversight of A.I. Meanwhile, Gemma’s niece Cady (Violet McGraw), now 14, has become a teenager, rebelling against Gemma’s overprotective rules. Unbeknownst to them, the underlying tech for M3GAN has been stolen and misused by a powerful defense contractor to create a military-grade weapon known as Amelia (Ivanna Sakhno; Ahsoka, Pacific Rim: Uprising), the ultimate killer infiltration spy. But as Amelia’s self-awareness increases, she becomes decidedly less interested in taking orders from humans. Or in keeping them around. With the future of human existence on the line, Gemma realizes that the only option is to resurrect M3GAN (Amie Donald, voiced by Jenna Davis) and give her a few upgrades, making her faster, stronger, and more lethal. As their paths collide, the original A.I bitch is about to meet her match.

High-Rise: Dancing (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:16

Dr. Robert Laing feels like he’s made it - he’s moved into a luxury high-rise, seeking soulless anonymity. However, the building’s residents have no intention of leaving him alone and it isn’t long before the veneer of civilisation begins to collapse, and darker human urges begin to surface, and Laing’s good manners and sanity disintegrate along with the building.