Skip to main content
 
Quick Jump To ▼
North America | English ▼
Log In
ABOUT US
»
Rain Bird Overview
Customer Satisfaction Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
CA Transparency Act
Rain Bird Logo
Sustainability
NEWS
CAREERS
»
Careers
Our Values
Benefits
Locations
Working at Rain Bird
LEARNING
»
Rain Bird Learning
Rain Bird Academy
Insights for Irrigation Professionals
SHOP RAIN BIRD
CONTACT
WHERE TO BUY
Homeowner Design Services

Your yard. Our expertise. A personalized watering system plan is just a few simple steps away.

 

Learn More
Champions are Grown

 

Rain Bird is honoring sports turf professionals, sharing their stories and giving you a behind-the-scenes look at venues including Maracanã Stadium, Melbourne Cricket Ground and more.

WATCH STORIES
GritXTM DSV and GritXTM 
SDI PC Dripline
LEARN MORE
Watch the new docuseries,
TREE STORIES
With Elliott Bambrough,
The Tree Narrator
Learn More

Congratulations to the Irrigation Association’s 2023 New Product Contest Winner

 

Ready. Set. Flow.

Discover FG100
the drop

Go behind the scenes with top turf pros to see what it takes to create and maintain the world’s most breathtaking golf courses.

READ STORIES
Previous
Next
Homeowners
Professionals
Golf
Agriculture
Learning
Service
A Higher Standard From the Ground Up

Commercial projects demand more from an irrigation system. See how Rain Bird puts every component to the test and backs it up with world-class professional support to exceed every expectation.

 

Discover Solutions
IQ4 Central Control
Rain Bird Products Shipped to Your Home or Business

Visit the Rain Bird Online Store anytime day or night for a wide selection of genuine Rain Bird products and replacement parts, delivered right to your door.

 

Shop Timers
Spanish Support
Design with us
Bundles and Kits
Shop Sprinklers
Drip Irrigation
Free Referrals to Professional Contractors

Let Rain Bird help you with a FREE referral to top local contractors near you who can help select and install the best sprinkler system for your yard.

Just enter your zip code and get a list of pre-screened professionals in your area.

 

 

Find a Contractor

Professional Irrigation Training

Work Smarter, not harder.   Rain Bird Services and Rain Bird Corporation offer the most complete product and technical training solution in the irrigation industry today.

 

 

Rain Bird Learning

Rain Bird News
Michael Roberts, Vice President of Technology and Innovation at Rain Bird, Appointed 2026 Irrigation Association President
Rain Bird Launches Simple-Set Hose End Timer Designed for Time and Water Savings
OtO Expands Digital Presence with Amazon Store Launch
Rain Bird Partners with CalWEP to Launch Direct Distribution Program Offering Water-Conserving Irrigation Technology
Rain Bird Acquires Rachio, Inc., Expanding Leadership in Smart, Sustainable Irrigation Solutions
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Youtube
Support
Site Map
Contact Us
Customer Satisfaction Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Rain Bird Privacy Notice for California Residents
Submitting New Product Ideas
Terms of Use
CA Transparency Act
Customer Login
Corporate
About Rain Bird
Sustainability Statement
Press Room
Rain Bird Logo
Careers
Join our Talent Community
Additional Sites
Rain Bird Services & Training
Rain Bird Golf Online Store
Rain Bird Online Store
Rain Bird Services Store

Copyright © 2025 Rain Bird Corporation. All rights reserved.

Our Privacy Policy has recently been updated (Effective 2/24/2025).

This website uses cookies to personalize and improve your site experience, to provide you with the services you requested, to remember your privacy choices, to enable us to analyze the traffic and usage of the website and to support our sales and marketing efforts. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or further manage your preferences. By continuing or selecting "Accept Cookies", you agree that we may collect data about you and use the strictly necessary cookies as described in our Privacy Policy.

If you wish to make more granular choices, please select "Cookie Settings".
Cookie Policy

Continue without Accepting
Accept Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings