ॐ नमो भगवते वासुदेवाय नमः
HomeAbout usEMI CalculatorRepay NowPartner ProgramApply Now
Rapid Approval Personal Loans
Just a Click Away!
Experience instant personal loan approval within a minute, powered by cutting-edge technology.
APPLY NOW
As easy as 1,2,3
Experience instant personal loan approval within a minute, powered by cutting-edge technology.
01
Online
Application

A completely handheld application to serve you. Start and complete your application anywhere, anytime and get instant support at all times.

02
Instant
Approval

Why worry when we are here? Get instant approval on all your application so that you can finance yourself as soon as you wish to.

03
Cash-in-Bank
in Minutes

Quick disbursal so that you don't have to wait! Your finances are in order the minute your application is completed.

Apply Now
Why Ram Fincorp?
Experience instant personal loan approval within a minute, powered by cutting-edge technology.
100% Paperless Process
Simple & Secure Process
Minimal Documentation
24/7 Customer Support
As quick as instant delivery, instant credit will change your life for the better.
Say no to hassle, start your application now!


Get Cash in your Bank
Dream of anything,
Dream of everything with Ram Fincorp


Apply within minutes. Get Cash within seconds.
Repay on your own terms.
Trust and Innovation: The Keys to Your Financial Security



At Ram Fincorp, we're constantly seeking those who aim higher.

We don't just offer financial services; we forge partnerships grounded in trust and innovation.

When you choose us, you're choosing a future where your goals are met with cutting-edge solutions.

Beyond expectations. Beyond limits.

Download the
Ram Fincorp
app now!
Get the free Ram Fincorp app on your phone
Testimonials on Google Play Store
Harmandeep Hayer
A good app for people with bad credit

Truly a blessing for people with bad credit score but a good intention to pay the funds in time. Helped resolve my much needed financial crisis. Although the Interest rate is a bit on the higher side but that's the price to pay for having a bad credit score. Thank you Ram Fincorp. I will keep editing this review with further updates.

Jitender Kumar
Always a good hand in emergencies

It's good 🙏 for emergency if you apply instant but not as good as expected at the time of maintaining the good repo and account history. I am thankful 🙏 please don't disappoint when it comes to apply higher amount as compared to last loan amount.

Deepti Goswam
Amazing app with amazing support!

This app is very easy to use .it is trustworthy. within one to two second the payment is in your bank account after all process and the agent miss NIVEDITA from ram fincorp she is more helpful and proffessional to her work. she is always available and help if you have facing any issue . She work well . Thnk you so much miss NIVEDITA.😇

Ravindraganesh Sureshkumar
Excellent help for someone with their first loan

First loan completed as per time frame without any default and again reapplied but ,all accepted and your application showing kyc technical error and the same with the help of Ms.Shiksha customer care support to cleared the error. Thanks for your support.

Pavan Kumar M
An App I can keep coming back to for help

Very helpful and customer friendly executivea. Have been using it for a while now. One of the best app for short term needs.

1
2
3
4

Ram Fincorp is a brand of Kundanmal Technology Private Limited, acting solely as a Lending Service Provider (LSP). Loan offers are exclusively approved and funded by R.K. Bansal Finance Pvt. Ltd. (NBFC, registered with Reserve Bank of India). Ram Fincorp does not itself provide loans or financial credit.

Quick Connect
+91 9599196212 / 9910193884
info@ramfincorp.com
For Our Users
Terms and Conditions
Interest Rate Policy
Privacy Policy
Credit Policy
Lending Policy
Refund and Cancellation
Disclaimer and Disclosure
Fair Practice Code
Settlement And Writeoff Policy
Investment Policy
Kyc & Aml Policy
Outsourcing Policy
Customer Grievance Redressal Policy
Loan Services
Instant Personal Loans
Loan On Aadhaar Card
Personal Loan for Salaried
Credit Score Personal Loans
Our Presence
Support
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Our Partner
Our Sourcing Partners
Refund and Cancellation
Grievance Redressal
Grievance Redressal Policy
R.K. Bansal Finance
Copyright © 2025 By Kundanmal Technology Private Limited