Skip to Main Content
Search
Sign In
Money 
Toggle Money Submenu
Investing & Retirement 
Toggle Investing & Retirement Submenu
Real Estate 
Toggle Real Estate Submenu
Insurance 
Toggle Insurance Submenu
Life & Career 
Toggle Life & Career Submenu
Shows 
Toggle Shows Submenu
Free Tools 
Toggle Free Tools Submenu
For Businesses 
Toggle For Businesses Submenu
 Store 
Toggle Store Submenu

So later, you can live and give like no one else.

Ask Ramsey AI a Question

Get Out of Debt

Buy/Sell Real Estate

Create a Budget

Find Your Insurance

Start Investing

Plan for Retirement

File Your Taxes

Shop the Store

Join the Millions Who Have Transformed Their Money

Over three decades ago, Dave Ramsey turned around his money struggles and sparked a movement that’s helped millions improve their finances—and their future. 

The Proven Plan That Works

You work too hard to live paycheck to paycheck. Whether you’re struggling with debt or building your savings, the 7 Baby Steps will help you take control of your money for good.

Baby Step 1

Save $1,000 for your starter emergency fund.

Baby Step 2

Pay off all debt (except the house) using the debt snowball.

Baby Step 3

Save 3–6 months of expenses in a fully funded emergency fund.

Baby Step 4

Invest 15% of your household income in retirement.

Baby Step 5

Save for your children's college fund.

Baby Step 6

Pay off your home early.

Baby Step 7

Build wealth and give.

Answer a few questions and get a free, customized money plan that fits your life and goals.

Which one best describes your current money situation?

Select the answer that most applies to you and continue the assessment.

Small Steps That Lead to Big Wins

You don’t have to walk the Baby Steps alone. From expert advice to life-changing tools, we’ll show you how to live like no one else—so later you can live and give like no one else.

The Ramsey Show

Watch Ramsey experts answer questions from real people about money, relationships and more.

Watch Now 
EveryDollar

Get the budgeting app built on Dave Ramsey’s 7 Baby Steps plan and start making real money progress.

Start for Free 
Coverage Checkup

Take our free checkup and get an insurance action plan built to cover your personalized needs.

Start The Checkup 
Access to the Pros We Trust

Trust isn’t something that’s gained just once. It’s maintained day in and day out. That’s why each provider in our RamseyTrusted® pros network is vetted by our team of experts. You deserve a service you can count on and someone to walk alongside you during your most important financial decisions.

Find a Trusted Pro
Real People. Real Stories. Real Financial Peace.

“Budgeting gives you a true picture of your finances—of your life—so you can pick what you can do and plan all the good stuff.”

“Now, we talk more about our money, we make decisions together, and it’s not stressful anymore.”

“I cried the first time we finished a month and actually had money left over. That had never happened before.”

"I paid off $121,000 in 28 months. I feel strong! The
burden is gone!"

 

“We're not stressed anymore. Our journey's in our hands now. We get to choose what we want to do."
 

"There’s freedom on the other side of debt. You don’t have to live like everyone else. I wanted something different for my family."

View slide 1
View slide 2
View slide 3
View slide 4
View slide 5
View slide 6
Free Tools to Help You Through Your Journey
Get Started Assessment 
Budget Calculator 
Debt Snowball Calculator 
Student Loan Payoff Calculator 
Insurance Coverage Checkup 
Tax Guide 
Investment Calculator 
Go to All Free Tools
Build Real Progress One Step at a Time

Get weekly emails you’ll actually love—with practical advice, real stories and tips that’ll make you laugh, learn and take action.

Sign Up

By submitting this form you are agreeing to receive emails from Ramsey Solutions. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more information.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By continuing on our site, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies as explained in our Privacy Policy, and agree to our Terms of Use. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Get Started
Careers
Contact Us
Newsletter
Newsroom
Ramsey Press
About
Debit Card Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
Do Not Sell or Share
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Editorial Guidelines

©2025 Lampo Licensing, LLC. All rights reserved.