UK Dedicated Servers & Enterprise IaaS | RapidSwitch Support/Sales: 01753 471 040 Contact us USA Dedicated Servers NEW UK Dedicated Servers Custom Servers GPU Servers Server Offers SALE Our Shop SALE Getting IT done. We focus on solving your infrastructure and hosting problems with the most comprehensive product and service catalogue in the world. Product of the month UK Dedi Xeon E-2286G 4Ghz 6C/12T from £65.00 /pm High Clock Speed UK dedicated servers. All servers come with unmetered bandwidth and no setup fees. CPU: 4Ghz 6C/12T Xeon E-2286G RAM: 64GB HDD: 2x250GB SSD OS: Linux 1Gbps Port Connection Buy now Sale USA Dedi Xeon E-2388G 3.2Ghz 8 core from £87.49 /pm High Clock Speed USA dedicated servers. All servers come with unmetered bandwidth and no setup fees. CPU: E-2388G 3.2Ghz 8 core RAM: 64GB HDD: 2x250GB SSD OS: Linux 1Gbps Port Connection Buy now Quad Telsa V100S GPU Servers from £1950 /pm (£487.50/pm/GPU) Deploy and train AI models with our Dedicated, UK Hosted Nvidia Tesla V100S Servers. CPU: 2x Xeon Gold 6240 (18C/36T, 2.60Ghz/3.90Ghz Turbo, 24.75M) RAM: 512GB HDD: 2x4TB NVMe + 8x960GB SATA SSD's GPU: 4x NVIDIA 32GB Telsa V100S GPU’s OS: Customer Installed OS Buy now From standalone dedicated servers to complex infrastructure solutions, we are the longest-standing UK dedicated hosting provider with fully owned data centres and a private, UK-wide network. We guarantee to deliver a solution at the lowest possible cost. Our technical architects can design hosted infrastructure, on-prem solutions, public cloud platforms and convert monolithic applications into microservice architecture for containerised platforms. We are experts in application design and hosting solutions – use us to get what you need at the price you need it. Key features Unbeatable dedicated servers We have a full range of dedicated server solutions, from older generation servers through to cutting-edge, high performance computing appliances from Intel and Nvidia. We cannot be beaten on price – that’s a promise. Backup and Disaster Recovery We have a range of enterprise backup and data-recovery solutions, including disaster recovery for infrastructure and office. Your data is the lifeblood of your business. We can replicate it, store it, retrieve it and protect it. Our services range from single service backup solutions through to in-office, multi-country backup and disaster recovery platforms. Cyber Security Portfolio Our network is protected from attack through in-line DDoS protection from Arbor, the world’s leading manufacturer of cyber threat protection, network visibility and threat intelligence services. In addition we can offer in-depth threat protection and analysis services, penetration testing, and network security appliances. FPGA and GPU Servers Machine learning, AI, crypto-mining, and application acceleration are all possible with our Intel FPGA servers and Nvidia GPU solutions.  We support scientific research with concessionary pricing. With a small team of data scientists we are able to advise and assist with machine learning best practices. Leased Lines and SD-WAN Connect securely and privately to your infrastructure from office and private datacentre locations through our point-to-point leased line services and optional fully managed SD-WAN solutions. Complete with monitoring and management for end to end support. Public Cloud Connectivity All of our UK datacentres are connected straight into AWS, Azure, GoogleCloud and many other cloud exchanges courtesy of our CloudConnect service. Deliver true hybrid cloud services, with office-datacentre-cloud connectivity possible so that all platforms can run their software in the environment that is best suited for the application’s users. Do you want more information? Get in touch below. Contact us We guarantee to deliver the best service and solutions for self-managed infrastructure Established for over 20 years with over 90,000 dedicated servers deployed across 12 UK datacentres, Rapidswitch has one focus – delivering the best, dedicated server and infrastructure service available anywhere in the world. We are big enough to offer every possible infrastructure service available. From DDoS and network threat detection to backup and disaster recovery solutions, we have an extensive portfolio of products and services that has no gaps. We cannot be out-grown by our clients, with over 12 data centres in the UK and dozens more globally. Our network is one of the largest in the UK. But infrastructure is meaningless without the staff to deliver the service. We pride ourselves on being the number one server and infrastructure specialist in the world, and that expertise is delivered through people. Scale is nothing without service and we live and breathe technical staff from our front-line sales through to our data centre engineers. We will guarantee to deliver infrastructure solutions to solve your business problems. Speak to us, consult with us, and let us prove our competence to you. Follow us on social media ERROR: It seems that JavaScript have been disabled on your web browser. If you wish to use this web site, it must be enabled. ERROR: It seems that Cookies have been disabled on your web browser. If you wish to use this web site, they must be enabled. RapidSwitch is a trading name of iomart Managed Services Limited Dedicated Servers UK Dedicated Servers Custom Servers GPU Servers Server Offers RapidSwitch Guarantees Resources FAQs Status RapidSwitch, Spectrum House Clivemont Road, Maidenhead, SL6 7FW Contact Us Support/Sales: 01753 471 040 info@rapidswitch.com Copyright RapidSwitch 2025 | Company No. SC275629 | VAT Reg No. GB 751 5372 35 Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy