Integrated School Safety Software | Raptor Technologies® 877-772-7867 Main Menu Login Support Contact Support Remote Assistance Supplies Community Search Menu Products Emergency Management Campus Movement Student Wellbeing Safety Training & Compliance Emergency Management Software Prepare, respond, recover in the palm of your hand. Badge Alert Silent, wearable alerting at the press of a button. 911 Connectivity The fastest way for schools to connect directly to emergency services. Digital Integrations Activate multiple safety technologies from a single point. VisitorSafe Allow only approved individuals access to campus. VolunteerSafe Welcome volunteers with confidence and consistency. DismissalSafe Release students safely and efficiently. SmartPass Keep student movement safe and accountable. Flex Manage flexible activities with ease. EventSafe Manage high visitor volumes effectively. Raptor Safe App Connect families to school safety systems. StudentSafe Proactively address student behavior and wellbeing concerns. StudentWatch Anonymous tip reporting, behavior and discipline management, and student accident tracking. Insight Gain a holistic view of student safety and wellbeing across school districts, StudentSafe Enterprise Transfer and access student wellbeing data with the state. Compliance and Success Program (CSP) Professional services for sustainable school safety initiatives. EmployeeSafe Online staff safety training and compliance management. Vehicle Accident Management Real-time documentation and automated workflows for safer, compliant operations. Raptor University The essential, on-demand training platform for K-12 safety and compliance Pricing Partners Integration Partners Industry Associations & Awards Resources Alyssa's Law Best Practices Blog Case Studies Guides Media Kit Podcasts School Safety Funding School Safety Glossary School Safety Legislation Videos Webinars Whitepapers View All Resources About Careers Data Security and Compliance Raptor Community Raptor News School Safety Conferences Contact Request a Demo Raptor Badge Alert is Here! One Button, Unmatched Emergency Management Functionality Raptor Badge Alert empowers staff to instantly activate alerts via a wearable badge . Now schools can have cost-effective, multi-layered alerting on an end-to-end emergency management platform. Learn More Watch Now November 4-6 | Fort Worth, Texas Registration is Now Closed Every student deserves A Safer Path to Learning. Join us to learn and collaborate with your peers and industry leaders to enhance your safety protocols, detect student issues sooner and engage your community. Learn More Explore Our School Safety Suite Raptor software was built to help schools manage every stage of safety. StudentSafe ™ BTA and Early Intervention Software Empower staff to help students earlier. Learn more VisitorSafe ™ Visitor Management System Screen and track everyone who enters your schools. Learn more Emergency Management System Prepare for, respond to, and recover from any emergency. Learn more Compliance and Training Professional services for sustainable school safety initiatives. Learn more VolunteerSafe™ Volunteer Management For a streamlined process from application to reporting. Learn more DismissalSafe™Dismissal Management Enhance security and simplify student dismissal. Learn more What Our Customers Say “Raptor is truly the gold standard in school safety. Every product they provide is top-quality and we know we are getting the best of the best. They're also incredibly trustworthy. Whether it's a sex offender alert or the sharing of best practices, we know the information they provide is accurate and timely. And perhaps most importantly, Raptor is dependable. Anytime we reach out, the Raptor Team is responsive and committed to delivering what we need. We feel confident and supported knowing Raptor is in our corner." David Garcia, Emergency Manager Dallas Independent School District, TX “Raptor's messaging feature received some of the best feedback from our teachers—they really appreciated it. The two-way chat made it so much easier to communicate with staff, gather feedback, and keep everyone informed during drills and emergencies. It helped 
staff feel heard and involved, which really boosted buy-in. The first thing people do is log into Raptor for updates, and I can quickly send 
messages to clarify whether it’s a drill or a real event. The convenience of this tool is huge—it ensures everyone stays engaged and informed, which is critical for safety." Mike Russell, Chief of Police, Department of Public Safety Blue Springs School District R4, MO “The Raptor platform is a critical piece of our school safety response plan. The customer service we receive continues to be excellent." Liz Margolis, Executive Director of Student & School Safety Ann Arbor Public School District , MI “Raptor has been a true game changer for our school 
district, and the Raptor team has always been a 10/10 in 
our books! What I appreciate most is how their entire 
team—from the CEO to the sales staff—works closely 
with school districts to find safety technology solutions 
that integrate seamlessly with our operations.” Scott Bojanowski, Director of Safety Scott Bojanowski Director of Safety, OR “I love having Raptor in our buildings. The 
reassurance it gives us knowing we are 
doing our very best to protect our students 
and staff in all situations is priceless." Beth Colbert, Security Assistant Beth Colbert Security Assistant, AR “The Emergency Management Dashboard is probably one of my favorite features of the system. I really like how I can easily track drills and 
emergencies and having that big-picture view has proven to be very helpful.” Scott Rogers, Superintendent Brazos Independent School District, TX Trusted by 7,300 Districts Nationwide 350K Visitors screened every school day 75 Sex offenders flagged every school day 150 Custom alerts sent every school day Request a Demo See why Raptor is the leading provider of integrated school safety software solutions "The safety of our students and staff is our #1 priority and having Raptor gives us that extra sense of security." Austin Independent School District, TX "Having an all-in-one solution, like Raptor is the best!" Phillip Flanders, IT Director Driscoll Independent School District, TX "I think Raptor offers the best in its class. Nothing beats it." Jeanne Schaffner, Safety Manager Springs Charter School, CA Raptor Technologies 2900 North Loop West Suite 900 Houston, Texas 77092 Phone: 713-880-8902 Support: 877-772-7867 Fax: 713-880-2577 Contact Us Careers Facebook X-twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram Products How it Works StudentSafe™ BTA and Early Intervention Software VisitorSafe™ Visitor Management System Emergency Management System Compliance and Training VolunteerSafe™ Volunteer Management SmartPass Digital Hall Pass Management SmartPass Flex Activity Scheduling DismissalSafe™ Dismissal Management PayK12 District-Wide Single Payment Solution PublicSchoolWORKS Training, Risk & Behavior Management Compare Raptor By Role School Counselor Superintendent Principal Safety Law Enforcement Operations Technology Volunteer Coordinator By Segment Public Schools Private Schools Charter Schools Youth Programs Childcare/Pre-K Law Enforcement For Customers Login Order Supplies Support Remote Assistance Trusted by 60,000+ schools to meet FERPA & SOC 2 standards . Copyright © 2025 Raptor Technologies | All rights reserved | Privacy Notice UPCOMING WEBINAR: Tuesday, Jan. 13, 2026 | 12:00 PM CT The 360° Approach to Preventing School Violence Learn practical ways to recognize early warning signs, strengthen school–law enforcement collaboration, and empower every staff member and student to play a role in prevention. Register Now!