Rasmussen University - Online and On Campus | Rasmussen University We use cookies on our website to support technical features that enhance your user experience, and to help us improve our website. By continuing to use this website, you accept our privacy policy . I Understand Skip to Content (Press Enter) Student Login Call Us: 833-606-1911 833-606-1911 Chat Now Search site Search our site Search Now Close Request Info Apply Rasmussen University MENU Areas of Study Back to Main Menu Areas of Study Business Back to Areas of Study Business Accounting Back to Business Accounting Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Certificate Business Back to Business Business Certificate Business Management Back to Business Business Management Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Finance Back to Business Finance Bachelor's Degree Healthcare Management Back to Business Healthcare Management Bachelor's Degree Human Resources and Organizational Leadership Back to Business Human Resources and Organizational Leadership Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Marketing Back to Business Marketing Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Master of Business Administration Master of Human Resources Management Supply Chain and Logistics Management Back to Business Supply Chain and Logistics Management Bachelor's Degree Leadership Business Blog Design Back to Areas of Study Design Graphic Design Back to Design Graphic Design Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Leadership Design Blog Education Back to Areas of Study Education Early Childhood Education Back to Education Early Childhood Education Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Diploma Certificate Training CDA Prep Leadership Education Blog Health Sciences Back to Areas of Study Health Sciences Health and Wellness Back to Health Sciences Health and Wellness Bachelor's Degree Health Information Management Studies Back to Health Sciences Health Information Management Studies Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Certificate Health Sciences Back to Health Sciences Health Sciences Associate's Degree Healthcare Back to Health Sciences Healthcare Associate's Degree Certificate Master of Healthcare Administration Master of Public Health Medical Administrative Assistant Back to Health Sciences Medical Administrative Assistant Certificate Medical Assisting Back to Health Sciences Medical Assisting Diploma Medical Billing and Coding Back to Health Sciences Medical Billing and Coding Certificate Medical Laboratory Technician Back to Health Sciences Medical Laboratory Technician Associate's Degree Pharmacy Technician Back to Health Sciences Pharmacy Technician Certificate Physical Therapist Assistant Back to Health Sciences Physical Therapist Assistant Associate's Degree Radiologic Technology Back to Health Sciences Radiologic Technology Associate's Degree Surgical Technologist Back to Health Sciences Surgical Technologist Associate's Degree Leadership Health Sciences Blog Human Services Back to Areas of Study Human Services Human Services Back to Human Services Human Services Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Leadership Human Services Blog Justice Studies Back to Areas of Study Justice Studies Criminal Justice Back to Justice Studies Criminal Justice Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Law Enforcement Back to Justice Studies Law Enforcement Certificate Associate's Degree Paralegal Back to Justice Studies Paralegal Certificate Associate's Degree Leadership Justice Studies Blog Nursing Back to Areas of Study Nursing Practical Nursing (LPN) Professional Nursing (ADN/RN) Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) RN to BSN Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) Back to Nursing Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) MSN Specialties MSN Nurse Practitioner Post-Graduate Nursing Certificate Back to Nursing Post-Graduate Nursing Certificate Specialties Nurse Practitioner Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) Nursing Information Sessions Mission and Leadership Nursing Blog Technology Back to Areas of Study Technology Computer Science Back to Technology Computer Science Bachelor's Degree Cyber Security Back to Technology Cyber Security Bachelor's Degree Data Analytics Back to Technology Data Analytics Bachelor's Degree Information Technology Back to Technology Information Technology Associate's Degree Information Technology Management Back to Technology Information Technology Management Bachelor's Degree Information Technology Project Management Back to Technology Information Technology Project Management Certificate Information Technology Support Back to Technology Information Technology Support Certificate Network Support Back to Technology Network Support Certificate Network Systems Administration Back to Technology Network Systems Administration Associate's Degree Software Application Development Back to Technology Software Application Development Associate's Degree Leadership Technology Blog Degrees & Training Back to Main Menu Degrees & Training Post-Graduate Certificates Doctoral Degrees Master's Degrees Bachelor's Degrees Accelerated Degrees Accelerated Master's Pathway Associate's Degrees Diplomas Certificates Online Degrees Accreditation Course Catalog Training On Campus or Online Back to Main Menu On Campus or Online Florida Back to On Campus or Online Florida Central Pasco Fort Myers North Orlando Ocala Tampa/Brandon Illinois Back to On Campus or Online Illinois Aurora/Naperville Mokena/Tinley Park Rockford Romeoville/Joliet Kansas Back to On Campus or Online Kansas Kansas City/Overland Park Topeka Minnesota Back to On Campus or Online Minnesota Bloomington Eagan Hennepin/Anoka Mankato Moorhead St. Cloud North Dakota Back to On Campus or Online North Dakota Fargo Wisconsin Back to On Campus or Online Wisconsin Green Bay Wausau Online Back to On Campus or Online Online Student Experience Support Career Readiness Student Experience Back to Main Menu Student Experience Success Stories 125th Anniversary Empowered Learning® Transferable Skills Career Services Alumni Back to Student Experience Alumni Alumni Benefits Alumni Stories Request Your Transcript Your Next Degree Our Faculty Commencement College Life Blog Hire a Grad Disability Services Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Academic Integrity/Grievance Procedures Hazing Reporting & Prevention Tuition & Aid Back to Main Menu Tuition & Aid Loan Repayment Military Benefits Employer Benefits Admissions Back to Main Menu Admissions Transfer Credit & Other Knowledge Credit® Laptop Program Disclosures and Net Price Calculator High School Student Login Back to Main Menu RU Ready ® to Start Your Next Chapter? The support you need to achieve your full potential—online or on campus. Request Information Start Your Application Your Success Starts with a New Laptop At Rasmussen University, your success is important to us—let’s make sure you have the right gear to see you through. When you’re eligible and start in select programs on or after November 12, 2025, you can get a brand-new laptop pre-installed with essential software, such as Microsoft ® Office Suite, Blackboard ® Learn and more. 2 3 4 Learn more about the Rasmussen Laptop Program Get a Brand-New Laptop when you start in select programs. Find Your Degree What are you interested in studying? Area of Study Business Design Education Health Sciences Human Services Justice Studies Nursing Technology What type of degree do you need? Degree Type Doctoral Degree Master's Degree Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Diploma Certificate Find Your Program Explore Our Programs Areas of Study A LEGACY OF OPPORTUNITY SINCE 1900 Every Success Story Starts Somewhere When we first opened our doors 125 years ago, the average salary in the U.S. was $450 a year. Fewer than one in ten people graduated high school, and most career paths led through a farm or a factory. The way we work has certainly changed. But our dreams of better lives for ourselves and our families have never wavered. Since 1900, Rasmussen University has helped thousands of professionals on their paths to career success in business, healthcare, education, and much more. As you choose your path, we invite you to see how generations of students just like you discovered theirs. Our 125th anniversary is more than a look back at the legacies they’ve built. It’s a look ahead at the legacy that’s waiting for you to build. Celebrate with Us You Can Be RU Ready What does it mean to be “RU Ready?” It’s all the ways that Rasmussen University makes you ready for the next chapter in your education. 60+ career-focused programs you can better manage with your life. Supportive faculty and student resources when you need it. Career services that don’t stop at graduation—they continue throughout your career. At Rasmussen University, we see your vision for yourself and your career. And we celebrate every step of your journey, from submitting an assignment and using a new skill to becoming the confident professional you were meant to be. No more feeling overlooked or underestimated—find your true potential and see your future as RU Ready. Find Your Program Starting Fresh, Not Starting Over You’ve already done the work—you should get credit for every step, whether it was a previous course, military training or professional certification. 67% of our program requirements may be completed through transfer credits or prior training. 1 That’s a lot of saved time and money! Get your transfer credits reviewed Support Where It Matters RU Ready to feel supported at every step? 24/7 technical support, career advising, peer-to-peer mentoring and mental health support, and internationally recognized online tutoring are just a few of the ways we'll help you find a healthy balance between school and the rest of your life. Connect with an admissions representative Online Degree Programs A lot of colleges can say they have online classes—but how many can say they have 20+ years of experience designing and teaching online? Rasmussen University is one of them! You'll work with faculty trained specifically to teach and mentor online, use flexible learning options and virtual labs, work online with academic support teams and tap into 400,000+ electronic resources. Learn more about online degree programs Education at Your Pace Empowered Learning ® , our competency-based education model, lets you take more control of your learning. Instead of tests, papers and a one-size-fits-all schedule, you manage your pace and create the kind of projects you'd see in a workplace. Plus, you’ll still stay connected to faculty and peers. RU Ready to show what you know? Find out more about Empowered Learning Take the Next Step—Talk to Us! There are some errors in the form. Please correct the errors and submit again. Request More Information Take the next step toward applying—talk with an admissions representative today. Fill out the form to receive information about: Program Details and Applying for Classes How Affordable Your Degree Can Be Financial Aid (for those who qualify) Customized Support Services Detailed Program Plans Step 1 of 3 What's Your Name? First Name Please enter your first name. Last Name Please enter your last name. Continue Step 2 of 3 Contact Information Email Address There is an error in email. Make sure your answer has: An "@" symbol No spaces A suffix such as ".com", ".edu", etc. Phone Number There is an error in phone number. Make sure your answer has: 10 digits No dashes, slashes or spaces No country code (e.g. "1" for USA) No numbers starting with "0" or "1" ZIP Code There is an error in ZIP code. Make sure your answer has only 5 digits. Employment Information (Optional) We offer tuition savings for many employers—see if yours is one of them. Corporate Employer No Corporate Employer Assigned Abenity Accurate Home Care ACR HOMES ACTS Retirement Life Communities Advanced Health Care of Overland Park AdventHealth Advocate Healthcare Alden Management Services Aldersgate Village All About Caring All Saints Senior Livng Allen County Regional Hospital Allied Universal Allina Health Allstate Alma Manor Nursing Center Almost Home Inc Alta Resources Altru Health System American Crystal Sugar American Electric Power American Family Insurance AmerisourceBergen ANA Member ANCC Conference Anderson County Hospital Anderson County Hospital Residential Living Center Andover Court Assisted Living Annadale Care Center Apple Valley Police Department Applegate Terrace Aqua Finance, Inc Arbor Oaks Senior Living Archway Marketing Services Ardent Health Services Arma Health and Rehab Ashland Health Center Aspire Health Group Aspirus Assisted Living at Windsor Place Associated Bank Atchison Hospital Atria Hearthstone East Augustana Care Augustana Care - Lakeside Augustana Care Corporation Aunt Martha's Aurora Health Care Autumn Home Plus Inc Avante Aveanna Healthcare Aventura at The Bay Aviata Avita Health and Rehab at Reeds Cove Avita Senior Living Azria Health Olathe Azura Memory Care Bag Makers Baldwin Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center Baptist Health Care Center Bass Pro Shops Bay Area Medical Center Bayada Home Health Care BayCare Health System Bayfront Health Systems Baylor Scott and White Health BCBS Bedrock Care Beecher Manor Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Bell Tower Residence Belleville Health Care Center Bellin Health Beloit Health System Benedict Court Benedictine Court Benedictine Health System Benedictine Living - Wausau Benedictine Living St Peter BenefitHub Berlin-Wheeler, Inc. Best Buy Bethany on the Lake Bethany Retirement Living BI Incorporated Bickford at Mission Springs Bickford of Overland Park Bickford Senior Living BioLife Plasma Services Birchwood Senior Living Blackhawk Assisted Living Blains Farm and Fleet Blue Cross Blue Shield of ND Blue Valley Senior Living Bob Wilson Memorial Bobby and Steves Auto World Bonner Springs Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Botkin Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Branagh Group Brandon Woods at Alvamar Briar Place Nursing and Rehabilitation Bridges MN Bright Horizons Brighton Gardens of Prairie Village Brighton Hospice Brighton Place West BrightSpring Health Services BroMenn Medical Center Brookdale Brookdale Senior Living Brooks Rehabilitation Brookside Retirement Community Brookside Retirement Community Assisted Living Brown County Burbank Rehabilitation Caledonia Rehabilitation and Retirement Callista Court Cambridge Place Capital One Care Options for Kids Care Ventures Cooperative Carriage Healthcare Cassia CBE Companies CCEI CCRI CDS Training CDW Cencora CentraCare CentraCare - Long Prairie Centurion Health Cerenity Care Center Cerenity Residence Champion Care Chase County Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Chateau Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Cheney Golden Age Home Plus Cherryvale Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Cherrywood Cherrywood Advanced Living Chetopa Manor Cheyenne County Hospital Chick Fil-A Ocala Child Care of SW Florida Childrens Mercy Christ Medical Center Cigna CIOX Health Circles of Learning Citadel Healthcare Citizens Medical Center City of Cottage Grove City of Detroit City of Green Bay City of Hastings City of Ocala City of Overland Park City of St. Cloud Claires Stores Clara Barton Hospital Clarity Care Clark County Rehabilitation Clay County Medical Center Clear Choice Health Care Clearwater Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Clearwater Village Clement Manor Cloud County Health Center Coborns Coffey County Hospital Coffey County Hospital LTCU DBA Sunset Manor Coffeyville Regional M.C. Cokato Manor Colby Health and Rehab College Nannies and Sitters Colonial Village Comanche County Hospital Comcast ComfortCare Homes Comforts of Home Senior Living CommonBond Communities Community Hospital Onaga LTCU dba St Marys Manor Community Living Services Compeer Financial Consulate Health Copperleaf Corestream Country Care Inc Country Club Estates LP Country Manor Country Place Senior Living Creative World School Crest View Senior Communities Crew Carwash Crimson Pointe Crusader Community Health Crystal Seasons CSL Behring CSX Corporation Cypress Cove at Health Park Dairy Queen DaVita DC LEAD Decatur Health Delaware Highland Assisted Living Delmar Gardens of Overland Park Delta Airlines Derby Health and Rehabilitation LLC DHL Express DialAmerica Dickinson County Healthcare Dignity Care Home Distance Learning Systems Diversicare Dollar General Doosan Bobcat Downs Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Dreyer Medical DTN Staffing DuPage Medical Group Dyer Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Eaglecrest Retirement Community Eastridge Eastview Medical Center Ebenezer Senior Living Ecumen EdAssist EdCor Eden Senior Care Network Edgewater Haven Edgewood Health Care Edgewood Healthcare Edward hospital Edwards County Medical Center Edwardsville Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC El Dorado Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Elim Care Ellinwood District Hospital Ellsworth County Elm Homes Emporia Place Encore Entira Family Clinics EOSIS Episcopal Children Services Eskridge Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Essentia Health Eureka Hospital Eureka Nursing Center Eventide Evergreen Apartments Evergreen Place Extended Care F.W. Huston Medical Center FALA Falcon National Bank Family Health and Rehabilitation Center Family Health Centers of SW FL FedEx FHN Florida Cancer Specialists Florida Medical Clinic Foundations for Health Care Continuums Founders Crest LLC Fountainview Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Fox Communities Credit Union Fraser Fraser, Ltd. Frazee CareCenter Fredonia Regional Hospital FRLA Frontier Management Fusion Senior Care Homes LLC Galena Nursing Center Garden Terrace at Overland Park Gardens at St Gertrudes Garmin Gate City Bank Geary Community Hospital Generations Healthcare Network Genesis Group Homes Gillette Childrens Girard Medical Center Glacial Ridge Health System Glaeon Senior Living Glenwood Village Golden Living - Mankato Golden Living Center Goldie B. Floberg Center Good Samaritan Hospital Good Samaritan Society Good Shepherd Community Good Shepherd Hospital Goodland Regional Gove County Medical Center Grace Living of GlenOaks Grady Health System Graham County Hospital Gran Villas Grand Casino Grasmere Place Great Lakes Management Greeley County Health Services Green Prairie Asst Living Greenwood County Hospital Greystone Healthcare Griffith Foods Grisell Memorial Growth Catalyst Group Guardian Angels SS Guest Home Estates GuideWell Guild Education Halstead Health and Rehabilitation Center Hamilton County Hospital Hammer Residences Inc Hanover Hospital Harry Meyering Haven House Haviland Health and Rehabilitation LLC Hawthorne Center for Rehab HaysMed HCA Head Start Health Services Management HealthChannels Healthpartners Heartland Meadows LLC Heathers Manor Herington Municipal Hospital Heritage Health Care Center Heritage Meadows Heritage of Foley Heritage Operations Group Hiawatha Community Hospital Hickory Pointe Care and Rehabilitation Center Highland Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center Hillcrest Rehab Center Hillsborough Sherriff Hillside Village of DeSoto Hilltop Manor Nursing Center Hilton Grand Vacations HMCC HMS Host Hodgeman County Health Center Holiday Resort of Salina Holton Community Hospital Home Healthcare Inc. Home Instead Senior Living Home of the Flint Hills Homestead Estates Home Plus Homestead of Augusta Homestead of Crestview Homestead of Derby Homestead of Hays Homestead of Russell Hometown Senior Living Homeward Bound Hormel Foods Hospital District #1 Hospital District #6 Hospital Sisters Health System Hutchinson Health and Rehab Ignite Medical Resort IL Institute of Nursing IL Masonic Medical Center Illinois Nursing Academy iMedX Independence Plus Indian Creek Healthcare Center Innovative Services Inc Integreon Integrity Windows and Doors Interim Healthcare International International Union of Police Associations IQor Jamestown Regional MC JCS Home Health JDF Services Jewell County Hospital Johns Hopkins University Jovie Kansas City Transitional Care Center Kansas Health Care Association Kansas Hospital Association Kaw River Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Kearny County Hospital Kelly House of Meriden Kenwood View Health and Rehabilitation Center KinderCare Education King-Bruwaert House Kingman Community Hospital Kiowa County Memorial Hospital Kiowa District Healthcare Koda Living Community Kowalskis Markets La Petite Academy Labette Health Lakehouse Healthcare Lakeland Care Lakeland Regional Health LakePoint Lakewood Health System Lakewood Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Lamar Court Assisted Living Community Lane County Hospital Lansing Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Laurels Peak Rehab Center LB Homes Learning Care Group Leawood Gardens Assisted Living Lee Health Leech Lake Head Start LeeSar Legacy at College Hill Legacy at Herington Legacy at Salina Legacy Dreyer Legacy Healthcare Lemke Memorial Lemont Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Lexington Park Assisted Living Lexington Park Nursing and Post Acute Center Life Care Center LifeSpark Lifeworks Lil Bloomers Lincoln Care and Rehab Lincoln County Hospital Lincolnshire Health Care Center Lindsborg Community Hospital Little Falls Health Services Living Comm of St Joseph LMH Health LMHS Local Alumacraft Boats Local Anderson Trucking Service Local Anne Carlson Local Boys and Girls Clubs of Central Minnesota Local Brewster Village Local Central MN Mental Health Center Local City of Fargo Local Consolidated Construction Company Local Design Ready Controls Local Family Christian Health Center Local Feeding Tampa Bay Local Felician Village Local Fernbrook Family Center Local Joint Implant Surgeons of Florida Local Lee County Electric Cooperative Local Liliac Homes Local Mapleton Community Home Local Mirror Image Supervision Services Local MRCI Local Newcap Local NEWCare Local North Dakota Autism Center Local Northport Health Services Local Open Door Health Center Local Pediatric Orthopedics of SW FL Local Providence Life Local River Pointe Senior Living Local RML Specialty Hospital Local Select Specialty Hospital Local Stellher Human Services Local Stepping Stones Early Learning Center Local Tabor Hills Local The Funfactory Childcare Center Local The Vines Hospital Local Vibra Healthcare of Fargo Local Whispering Creek Local Willow Creek Behavioral Health Local Yellow Brick Road Preschool and Childcare Local Yellowstone Management Inc Logan County Hospital Louisburg Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center Luther Memorial Home Lutheran General Hospital Lutheran Social Service of MN Lyngblomsten M Health Fairview Madonna Summit of Byron Madonna Towers of Rochester Mainsl Mala Strana Assisted Living Manatee Healthcare System Mankato Clinic Marion County Marjories Home LLC GP Marshfield Clinic Marvin Marvin Windows and Doors Mary T Inc. Mayo Clinic Health System McCrite Plaza McCrite Retirement Assisted Living McPherson Health and Rehab McPherson Hospital, Inc. Meade District Meadowbrook Manor Meadowbrook Rehabilitation Hospital LTCU Meadowlark Adult Care Home 5 Meadowlark Hills Medicalodges Inc Medicine Lodge Medtronic Meeker Manor Menasha Corporation Menorah Medical Center Mentor Network Mercy Hospital Mercyhealth Meridian Behavioral Health Meridian Rehabilitation and Health Care Center Midwest Health Mille Lacs Health System Millennium Physician Group Minneapolis Health and Rehabilitation Minneola District Hospital Minnesota Head Start Minnewaska Lutheran Home Mission Chateau Senior Living Community Mitchell Cty Hospital MN HOSA MN State Patrol Moffitt Cancer Center Mojo Grill Monarch Healthcare Management Montgomery Place Nursing Center Moran Manor Morningside Place Morris Hospital and Healthcare Centers Mosaic Health System Mother of Mercy Mount Olivet Munster Med Inn NAEYC Conference NAFCC Naples Community Hospital Navistar Nazareth Living Center NCH Healthcare System ND Nurses Association NDAC Nemaha Valley Hospital Neodesha Care and Rehabilitation Center NeoGenomics Neosho Memorial Regional Ctr. Ness County Neuvant House of Lawrence New Creations Child Care New Horizon Academy New Perspective SL Newman Regional Health Newton Medical Center Noridian North Central Health Care North Dakota Head Start North Memorial Hospital North Point Skilled Nursing Center North Shore Healthcare Northeast Residences, Inc Northfield Hospital Northland House Group Home Northwestern Medicine Norton County Hospital Norwood Health Center Not Employed Nottingham Health and Rehabilitation NOVA Nurse Next Door NurseCore Management Services Nystrom and Associates O2B Kids Oak Creek Senior Care Oak Hills Living Center Oak Terrace Oaklawn Rehab Center OhioHealth Olathe Medical Center, Inc. Olmstead Medical Center Onaga Health and Rehab OneTouch Direct Onlinedegrees.com OrthoIllinois Osage Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Osborne County OSF Healthcare Oswego Health and Rehab Other Employer Not in List Ottawa County Health Center Overland Park Center for Rehab and Healthcare Overland Park Regional Pacific Arches Palms Medical Group Park Meadows Senior Living Park Nicollet Parkview Heights Parkway Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Pawnee Valley PBC Linear PCI Pharma Services Peabody Health and Rehab Peace of Mind LLC II Pearl Healthcare Pearl Pavilion Peggy Kelly House Perham Health PerkSpot Member Philips County Pinnacle Park Nursing and Rehab Pinnacle Ridge Nursing and Rehab Center Pioneer Ridge Assisted Living Pioneer Ridge Retirement Community Pittsburg Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Plateau Healthcare Playhouse Child Care Ctr Plaza West Care Center Plaza West Regional Health Center Pleasant Manor Pleasant Valley Manor Polar Ridge Senior Living Prairie St. John's Prairie Wind Senior Living PrairieCare Pratt Health and Rehab Pratt Regional Medical Center Preferred Credit Premier Community Healthcare Group Premiere Early Childhood Education Presbyterian Homes and Services Prevea Health Prince of Peace Care Center Progressive Care Home Plus LLC ProHealth Care ProSolutions Training Providence Place Publix Quaker Hill Manor Quorum R'Club Child Care Inc Rainbow Beach Rainbow Child Care Center Ranch House Senior Living LLC Ransom Memorial Hospital Rawlins County Health Center Recover Health Regions Hospital REM Rennes Group, Inc. Rennes Health and Rehab Republic County Hospital Residence Begonia Home Plus Richmond Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center Ridgeview Medical Center Rise River Bend Assisted Living Riverbend Post Acute Rehabilitation Riverchase Dermatology Rivers Edge Ro Health Roche Rochelle Community Hospital Rockford Health System Rockler Companies Rolling Hills Assisted Living Apts Rolling Hills Health and Rehab Rolling Hills Health Center Rooks County Health Center Rose Estates Assisted Living Community Rosewood Court Running Aces Casino Racetrack Rush Copley Medical Center Rush County Memorial Hospital Russell Regional Hospital Saba Healthcare Saber Healthcare Group Sabetha Community Hospital Sabetha Manor Saint Anne of Winona Saint Luke's Cushing Hospital Saint Luke's South Hospital Saint Therese Salesforce Salina Regional Health Center Sandpiper Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center LLC Sanford Health Satanta District Hospital Schneider National Scott County Hospital ScribeAmerica Sedan City Hospital Serco Sevita Shands Sharon Lane Health Services Shawnee County Shawnee Gardens Healthcare and Rehab Center Shawnee Mission Health Shawnee Post Acute Rehabilitation Center Shell Point Sheridan County Health Complex Sherman Hospital Sholom Siena Court Assisted Living Silver Cross Hospital Silvercrest at College View Silvercrest at Deer Creek SIMEDHealth Skyward SMA Healthcare Small Wonders Smith Center Health and Rehab Smith County Memorial Hospital Smoky Hill Rehabilitation Center Solaris Healthcare Sona Home Healthcare Group South Central Kansas M.C. South Holland Manor Health and Rehab Center South Suburban Hospital South Suburban Rehabilitation Center Southwest Medical Center Spectrum Health Companies Spring Hill Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Spring Mill Health Campus Spring View Manor St Catherines Living Center St Crispin Living St Gabriels Community St Marys Care Center St Rose Care Center St. Anthony Park Home St. Catherine Hospital St. Francis Health Services St. James Manor and Villas St. Otto's Care Center St. Peter Regional Treatment C Stanton County Hospital Star Living LLC State of Kansas State of Missouri Department of Corrections Stearns County Stevens County Hospital Stevens County Hospital LTCU dba Pioneer Manor Stoneybrook Assisted Living Stoneybrook Retirement Community Stormont Vail Stratford Commons Memory Care Community Stratford Commons Rehab and Health Care Center Subway Summit Orthopedics Sumner Regional Medical Center Sumter County Sunflower Care Homes LLC Sunrise Assisted Living Sunrise Senior Living Superior Rehab Center Susan B Allen Hospital Swanson Health Swedish American Health System Symbria Symphony Post Acute Network Sysco North Dakota Tampa Family Health Centers Tampa General Hospital Tanglewood Health and Rehabilitation Target Taylor Corporation Teaching Strategies Tealwood Tecton Products The Atriums Senior Living Community The Bay at Burlington The Bay at Colonial Manor The Bay at Maple Ridge The Bay at North The Bay at Nu Roc The Bay at Sheridan The Bay at Waters Edge The Beacon at Lake Crystal The Beacon at Mapleton The Emeralds at Faribault The Emeralds at St Paul The Estates at Bloomington The Estates at Chateau The Estates at Excelsior The Estates at Fridley The Estates at Greeley The Estates at Linden The Estates at Roseville The Estates at Rush City The Estates at SLP The Estates at Twin Rivers The Estates of Hyde Park The Forum at Overland Park The Gardens at Foley The Geneva Suites The Goddard Systems The Goodman Group The Healthcare Resort The Homestead The Legacy of Delano The Legacy of St. Michael The Lutheran Home Assn The Meadows The Mentor Network The Nicol Home The Pines Inc The Rivers The sunshine house The Waterford Thedacare Tierra Encantada TMobile TPI Hospitality Tradition Assisted Living Training Center Transforming Age Travanse Living at Olathe Traverse Care Center Trinity Day Care Trinity Health TuitionIO Twin Oaks Assisted Living U.S. Venture, Inc. UnitedHealth Group University Health UPS US Bank US Dept. of Veterans Affairs USPS UW Health Valeo Behavioral Healthcare Valley Health Care Center Valley Senior Living Vi Via Christi Hospital Victory Hills Senior Living Community Villa Healthcare Villa St Benedict Villa St Francis Villa St Vincent Visiting Angels Voya Financial Voyage Healthcare Wacosa Wakefield Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Walgreens Walker Methodist Wamego Health Center Washington County Hospital Waste Pro Watercrest Senior Living Group Wathena Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center Wausau Manor Wellington Health and Rehab Wellington Place Wellsprings of Wichita LLC Wellsville Manor Wesley Healthcare Wesley Willows Wesley Woodlawn Hospital and ER Western Plains Medical Complex Western Prairie Senior Living Westmont Manor Health and Rehab Westwood WEX Health Wheat Ridge Acres Assisted Living Wheatland Nursing and Rehabilitation Center White Pine Senior Living Wichita Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Wichita County Health Center Will County William Newton Hospital Willow Brooke Point Wilson Care and Rehabilitation Center LLC Wilson Medical Center Wings Financial Woodbury Health Care Center Woodhaven Care Center Woodside Senior Communities Woodson YMCA WS Packaging Group Inc. Yates Center Health and Rehab Selected Employer Name Please enter Corporate Employer. Can’t find your employer? Select "Other Employer Not In List" or "Not Employed". Step 3 of 3 Program Preferences Preferred Area of Study I'm Interested in ... School of Business School of Design School of Education School of Health Sciences School of Human Services School of Justice Studies School of Nursing School of Technology Please choose a school of study. Preferred Program Program of Interest Please choose a program. Preferred Degree Level Degree Level Desired Please choose a degree. Are you a licensed nurse? Yes, and I'd like to further my education. No, but I'd like to become one. Please choose your licensure status. The program you have selected requires a nursing license. Please select another program or contact an admissions representative at 833-606-1911 for help. The program you have selected is not available in your ZIP code. Please select another program or contact an admissions representative at 833-606-1911 for help. Rasmussen University is not enrolling students in your state at this time. Do you have potential transfer credits? Yes No I'd like to find out Submit By submitting this form by clicking “Submit”, you are providing your signature and your express written consent, and hereby agree to receive information via electronic means, which may include a telephone system, an automated dialing system, a recorded message device, soundboard technology, over-the-top messaging, text or media messaging, voice messages, and/or email about upcoming courses, recruitment events, newsletters, and other resources from Rasmussen University. This consent is not a condition of enrollment or purchase. You may withdraw your consent at any time. Please refer to our privacy policy , terms , or contact us for more details. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Student Story Discover What’s Possible—Crissy’s Story Crissy is a single mom and Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) student while working full time. With the support of her academic advisor, instructors and peers, Crissy is confidently continuing her story at Rasmussen University. “I want [my son] to come out of this as not only being proud of me as his mother, but also knowing that the impossible is possible for him.” Crissy B. | Stories of Unforgettable Confidence View transcript (Scroll to see full transcript) Crissy Bruni: My name is Crissy Bruni. I'm from Ocala, Florida, and this is where I grew up, in the country. I'm in a program in the Navy called Career Intermission, where I'm in the inactive reserves; and I am going to school to Rasmussen University, and I have three years, and then I will go back into the Navy with a contract for six more years. Speaker 2: I was very excited that Chrissy was enrolling to be a nurse because I believe that that is her calling, and it is her passion. Crissy: About 20 years ago, we suffered a huge tragedy, where I do have a brother; he went to prison for life. Speaker 2: It was very hard for her; she went through a hard time. It happened, she was at FSU and had to leave school. Crissy: And that was really a turning point for me to become who I am today. Speaker 2: Sometimes Crissy doesn't think she's enough, and she is. Um, and I see it every day. Speaker 3: The students that have so many barriers to achieving this goal of getting a nursing degree, those are the ones that are most inspiring when they achieve that. Crissy: Rasmussen added fuel to the fire to make it, you know, positive for me by really supporting that I'm a single mom of a four-year-old, I'm working a full-time job, I have to go back into the Navy, I'm on a timeline, you know. Rasmussen made it so, ‘Hey, yes, we can do this. We have a program that you can accelerate and if you put in the work, we're going to be there on the other side for you to help you get through it.’ I've done this for my son; Kingston's my world. I want him to come out of this as not only being proud of me as his mother, but also knowing that the impossible is possible. Speaker 2: I'm always so proud of her. Crissy: Once I get my nursing degree, I plan to work for a little while. I would love to do labor and delivery, and then I would love to eventually get my nurse practitioner and become a midwife. About Us Accreditation and Licensing Careers Corporate Social Responsibility Hire a Grad 125th Anniversary Leadership Letter from the Provost Mission News Center Rasmussen University Transition Statement of Ownership Areas of Study Business Design Education Health Sciences Human Services Justice Studies Nursing Technology Campus Locations Florida Illinois Kansas Minnesota North Dakota Wisconsin Online Tuition & Aid Military Benefits Employer Benefits Disclosures and Net Price Calculator Privacy Policy Terms Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA Residents Only) Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-facebook-square-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-instagram-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-linkedin-square-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-pinterest-p-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-twitter-x-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-youtube-play-white © 2025 Rasmussen College, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Rasmussen University was established in 1900 in Minnesota. Rasmussen University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and is authorized to operate as a postsecondary educational institution by the Illinois Board of Higher Education . For additional information about Licensing and State Authorization, and State Contact Information for Student Complaints, please see those sections of our catalog . Knowledge Credit ® includes college-level credit, self-directed assessments and military training or professional certifications. Exceptions apply—review the Rasmussen University course catalog for details. Prospective students who enroll through Rasmussen University in any of the programs noted below, who start their program on or after November 12, 2025, may be eligible to receive a laptop from Rasmussen University. Programs Eligible for the Laptop Program: Business : Accounting Bachelor’s and Associate’s, Business Management Bachelor’s and Associate’s, Finance Bachelor’s, Healthcare Management Bachelor’s, Human Resources and Organizational Leadership Bachelor’s and Associate’s, Marketing Bachelor’s and Associate’s, Supply Chain and Logistics Management Bachelor’s Education : Early Childhood Education Bachelor’s Health Sciences : Health and Wellness Bachelor’s, Health Information Management Bachelor’s, Health Information Technician Associate’s, Health Sciences Associate’s (Rasmussen University Online only), Healthcare Associate’s (Rasmussen University Online only), Medical Assisting Diploma, Medical Laboratory Technician Associate’s, Physical Therapist Assistant Associate’s, Radiologic Technology Associate’s, Surgical Technologist Associate’s Justice Studies : Criminal Justice Bachelor’s and Associate’s, Paralegal Associate’s Nursing : Practical Nursing Diploma, Professional Nursing Associate’s, Bachelor of Science in Nursing, RN to BSN program In order to qualify for the laptop, a student will need to opt in by the deadline listed below, receive acceptance to the University, sign and submit the Rasmussen laptop agreement and follow the process as outlined in the emails received via their Rasmusen student email (SMAIL). Must enroll in one of the eligible programs by enrollment deadline for the applicable start. Opt-in document must be completed by the sixth business day of the applicable quarter. Once you have received your acceptance notification from Rasmusen University, you will receive the Rasmussen Laptop Agreement. You will need to sign and complete the form by the last day of the quarter in order to have the laptop shipped. Laptops will be shipped when the student has been accepted to the University, the Laptop Agreement has been signed and after the seventh business day of the quarter up until the last day of the quarter. If the student is not accepted to the University and does not have a signed Laptop Agreement submitted by the last day of the quarter, they will forfeit their eligibility to receive a laptop. Additional Terms and Conditions: This offer was first available to students on May 8, 2024, with modifications to eligible programs made on August 7, 2024, and November 12, 2025. Service and maintenance of the laptop will not be provided by Rasmussen or APEI IT. Only one laptop will be provided per student. If the laptop is damaged, lost or stolen, a replacement will not be provided. Students who have previously received a laptop through this promotion and are re-entering will not be eligible for this offer a second time. Students must complete a minimum of three quarters of enrollment or return the laptop following the instructions "Device Return Process" below. Students have two weeks from the date of withdrawal to return the laptop. Grants and offers are non-transferable, and no substitution or cash equivalent/refund is allowed. The cost of the laptop will be included in the financial aid packaging as other financial assistance. Qualified students may combine this offer with other grants and scholarships offered by Rasmussen University, with the exception of the Professional Achievement Grant. Rasmussen reserves the right to modify or terminate this program in the future. Employees of APEI and APEI Educational Units, including Rasmussen College, LLC and their family members are not eligible to participate. Device Return Process: If you are no longer eligible to keep your device, please contact Microtek Customer Service at 303-650-0543 or [email protected] . To request your prepaid return shipping label (e-label), please email [email protected] and include the following information: Student Name Student ID School Attending Student Address Student Phone Number Laptop Serial Number (located on the bottom of the device) Reason for Return Once this information is received, Microtek will process your request and send you a UPS e-label by the end of the business day. Important Shipping Instructions: The e-label will come directly from UPS via email. Please do not place the return label directly on the original computer box. If possible, place the original box inside a larger shipping box for better protection. Be sure to securely affix the label to the outer shipping box before sending your device. Microsoft is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation. Blackboard is a registered trademark of Blackboard Inc.