Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Welcome to RationalWiki!
	
About RationalWiki


Our purpose here at RationalWiki includes:

Analyzing and refuting pseudoscience and the anti-science movement;
Documenting the full range of crank ideas;
Explorations of authoritarianism and fundamentalism;
Analysis and criticism of how these subjects are handled in the media.

We welcome contributors, and encourage those who disagree with us to register and engage in constructive dialogue.

We have 8,025 articles for your enjoyment.


Random featured article[What is this?]

Evolution
Four species of Darwin's finches

Evolution refers to change in a biological population's inherited traits from generation to generation. All species on Earth originated by the mechanism of evolution, through descent from common ancestors. Evolution occurs as changes accumulate over generations. Charles Darwin recognized evolution by natural selection, also called "descent with modification", as the fundamental process underlying all of life, whether viewed at a large scale above the level of species (macroevolution — in terms of formation of new species, changes within lineages, and extinction), or at a small scale within a species (microevolution — in terms of change in gene frequency).

In modern genetic terminology, variability of traits in a population is the expression (phenotype) of heritable traits (genes), which (at least on Earth) are stored in DNA (or sometimes in RNA or in proteins). Variability of traits ultimately originates from mutation, and new combinations of genes are continually produced via recombination as part of sexual reproduction. The result of natural selection is adaptation, like a "hand in glove" fit between organism and environment. Evolution, defined in population genetics as change in gene frequency in a population, can be influenced by other processes besides natural selection, including genetic drift (random changes, especially in small populations) and gene flow (wherein new genes come into a population from other populations). In a sense, mutation is an innovative process of expansion in which new possibilities come into existence (most of which don't work so well), and this is balanced by natural selection, a process of contraction that reduces the possibilities to those that work best in a particular environment.


Participate in RationalWiki






RationalWiki portal:
See our guide for newcomers!
A brief history of RationalWiki...
Share how you found RationalWiki!
For general chatter that doesn't fit anywhere else, the Saloon Bar is the place to go.
Essay portal:
Essays written by individual users covering a wide range of subjects. Comment on the talk pages or write your own.
Debate portal:
Informal debates covering political and philosophical issues. Participate freely or start your own.
Writing articles:
Read up on what a RationalWiki page is and our community standards.
Take a look at the help pages if you're having trouble.
We also keep a list of useful links.
Our to do list is where we pile up ideas for articles. See if anything piques your interest!

	
Featured Content

Need to know What Is Going On? We present regularly updated selections of the finest lunacy the Internet has to offer. Participate in the dialogue.

What is going on...


	…in the world?(talk) "Actual" "news" from the "real world."

	…in the Blogosphere?(talk) Quality blog posts, editorials, videos, and social media activities that relate to RationalWiki's mission.

	…in the Clogosphere?(talk) Craziness from the clogged-up fringes of the Internet.

	…with the Elections?(talk) News about elections from around the world.

	…at RationalWiki?(*hic*) Our own main back-page.

Portals and Articles[See more content]

	Science
• Peer review • Proof • Ocean • Science was wrong before • FAQ on radioactivity and nuclear technology • Non-Overlapping Magisteria • Face masks • Climate change • Water • Charles Darwin



	Logic
• Improbable things happen • No True Scotsman • Appeal to nature • Point refuted a thousand times • Argumentum ad dictionarium • Balance fallacy • Straw man • Pascal's wager • Gambler's fallacy • Confirmation bias



	Atheism
• New Atheism • Atheophobia • Rational Response Squad debate with Way of the Master • Agnosticism • Misotheism • The God Delusion • Pascal's wager • Russell's Teapot • Atheist professor myth • FAQ for the Newly Deconverted



	Creationism
• Behe: The Edge of Evolution, Interview • Global flood • 101 evidences for a young age of the Earth and the universe • Intelligent design and academic freedom • IslamicAwakening.com • Eye • Creationism • Banana argument • McLean v. Arkansas Board of Education • Richard Lenski



	Pseudoscience
• Behe: The Edge of Evolution, Interview • Cryonics • Anti-vaccination movement • Vagina steaming • Racialism • Chiropractic • Alternative medicine • Objectivism • 2012 apocalypse • Eugenics



	Conspiracy
• Anti-vaccination movement • Climate change • Shakespeare authorship • Flat Earth • Pizzagate • QAnon • Obama citizenship denial • Conspiracy theory • Gamergate • 2020 United States presidential election



	Denialism
• The Great Global Warming Swindle • Tobacco smoking • A comparative guide to science denial • COVID-19 pandemic • Ku Klux Klan • HIV/AIDS denialism • Trumpism • 2021 U.S. coup attempt • Flat Earth • Creationism



	Paranormal
• Ghost Hunters • Seán Manchester • Electronic voice phenomenon • Near-death experience • Zombies • Deliverance ministry • Exorcism • Bigfoot • Steve Quayle • Dream interpretation



	Politics
• Robert Mugabe • Micronation • Party for Freedom • Technocracy • Malcolm Roberts • Skyrail • Libertarianism • Anti-intellectualism • Ebrahim Raisi • Nationalism

Navigation menu
Not logged in
Talk
Contributions
Create account
Log in
Main page
Talk
Read
View source
Fossil record
Search
Main page
Recent changes
Random page
New pages
All logs
Help
Support
Donate
Community
Saloon bar
To do list
What is going on?
Best of RationalWiki
About RationalWiki
Technical support
Mod noticeboard
RMF noticeboard
Social media
Twitter
Mastodon
Facebook
Discord
Reddit
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Special pages
Printable version
Permanent link
Page information
In other languages
Русский
This page was last edited on 4 August 2024, at 12:18.
Unless explicitly noted otherwise, all content licensed as indicated by RationalWiki:Copyrights.
For concerns on copyright infringement please see: RationalWiki:Copyright violations
Privacy policy
About RationalWiki
Disclaimers