We use cookies to help us deliver a personalized experience and display relevant promotions.
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
To find out more see our Privacy Policy.
Product
Pricing
Solutions
Docs
Resources
Demo
Sign in
Free trial
The future of debugging is AI Error Resolution

Auto-prompt your chosen LLM with crucial error context from your stack trace, environment, and affected code to get fast and accurate solutions.

Start a free trialExplore AI Error Resolution
For tech leads who are ready to deliver 100% reliable checkout experiences

53% of consumers will abandon an app because of crashes, freezes, or errors. Reduce errors impacting the checkout process by as much as 90% across multiple stores, cut down MTTR to as low as four minutes, increase revenue, and accelerate your deployment frequency with Crash Reporting.

Learn about Crash Reporting
For CX experts who are ready to accelerate conversions

Don't underestimate the power of performance for boosting bottom lines. Improving page response times and Core Web Vitals scores, even by less than a second, can significantly increase conversion rates.

Real User Monitoring’s granular performance data enables engineers, analysts, and SREs to effectively identify bottlenecks, diagnose issues, and optimize performance for their mobile and web applications.

Learn about Real User Monitoring
For performance engineers who are ready to master the complexity of back-end systems

Application Performance Monitoring (APM) enables data-driven monitoring and management of back-end issues, capturing the complete lifecycle of incoming web requests. Fix performance bottlenecks withininutes, not hours, with root cause analysis, multithreaded trace support, granular diagnostics, and code-level context for every trace.

Learn about APM
Loved by development teams around the world

“We want minimum disruption for retailers, so they can continue what they do best; look after customers and sell the products they love.”

Ben Gracewood - Chief Engineering Officer, Vend

Simple setup and flexible pricing

On-demand pricing that scales with you
First-class support for all major languages and frameworks using lightweight SDKs and agents
Native integrations with Slack, Github, Jira, Bitbucket and more of your favorite tools
From startups to Fortune 500s

Companies of all sizes and complexity rely on Raygun to deliver lightning-fast and error-free experiences for millions of customers, every day. Have a question for our team? Get in touch.

Scale

We process billions of data points every day and can meet the demands of any company, at any size, anywhere in the world.

Security

Your data, is your data. Raygun comes fully equipped with encrypted data storage and robust in-built privacy controls.

Compliance

We adhere to the most stringent security requirements and are HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA, and PCI compliant.


Support

Through our expansive online support center, live in-app chat, and dedicated customer support team, we are here to help every step of the way.

Get free unlimited monitoring for 14 days
Free trialTalk to us
No credit card required
Platform
APM
Real User Monitoring
Crash Reporting
AI Error Resolution
Deployment Tracking
Dashboards
Customer Experience
Pricing
Platform Overview
Integrations
Request a Demo
Support
Documentation
Product Guides
Feature Requests
Security
App Status
Changelog
Privacy
GDPR
AI Principles
Terms and Conditions
Resources
Blog
Ebooks
Webinars
Partners
Media Kit
Company
About Raygun
Customers
Careers
Media
Contact
© Raygun 2025
Raygun is a registered trademark of Raygun Limited
We use cookies to help us deliver a personalized experience and display relevant promotions.
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
To find out more see our Privacy Policy.