Raygun - Application Monitoring For Web & Mobile Apps We use cookies to help us deliver a personalized experience and display relevant promotions. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more see our Privacy Policy. Sign in Product Crash Reporting Detect, diagnose, and resolve errors with ease Real User Monitoring Monitor and improve front-end performance Application Performance Monitoring Unrivalled visibility into server-side performance Popular features AI Error Resolution Crash Reporting for Shopify Alerting Crash-Free Users Raygun for .NET Aspire Dashboards Integrations Customer Experience Monitoring Deployment tracking Core Web Vitals Content Security Policy API specifications Pricing Solutions By marketplace Crash Reporting for Shopify Crash Reporting for Azure Crash Reporting for Heroku Real User Monitoring for Heroku By industry E-commerce Media & Entertainment Software & Technology By role Developer CTO Product Manager Docs Resources Customer stories Real results from our customers Webinars Learn with our expert team Blog Product updates and technical topics Ebooks In-depth guides on digital experience Learn All about monitoring solutions Changelog The latest product updates and solutions Demo Sign in Free trial Download the guide Enter your details to view and download the full PDF version First name Last name Work email Company name Company Website View Now Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Sign in Product Crash Reporting Detect, diagnose, and resolve errors with ease Real User Monitoring Monitor and improve front-end performance Application Performance Monitoring Unrivalled visibility into server-side performance Popular features AI Error Resolution Crash Reporting for Shopify Alerting Crash-Free Users Raygun for .NET Aspire Dashboards Integrations Customer Experience Monitoring Deployment tracking Core Web Vitals Content Security Policy API specifications Pricing Solutions By marketplace Crash Reporting for Shopify Crash Reporting for Azure Crash Reporting for Heroku Real User Monitoring for Heroku By industry E-commerce Media & Entertainment Software & Technology By role Developer CTO Product Manager Docs Resources Customer stories Real results from our customers Webinars Learn with our expert team Blog Product updates and technical topics Ebooks In-depth guides on digital experience Learn All about monitoring solutions Changelog The latest product updates and solutions Demo Sign in Free trial Talk to us Let's discuss your options and get a demo underway First name * Last name * Company name * Company size * 51 - 250 251 - 500 500+ Business email * Company Website What products are you interested in? * Crash Reporting Real User Monitoring APM Additional information related to your business needs? Cancel Thank you! We have received your transmission and will get to you soon. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. The future of debugging is AI Error Resolution Auto-prompt your chosen LLM with crucial error context from your stack trace, environment, and affected code to get fast and accurate solutions. Start a free trial Explore AI Error Resolution For tech leads who are ready to deliver 100% reliable checkout experiences 53% of consumers will abandon an app because of crashes, freezes, or errors . Reduce errors impacting the checkout process by as much as 90% across multiple stores, cut down MTTR to as low as four minutes , increase revenue , and accelerate your deployment frequency with Crash Reporting. Learn about Crash Reporting For CX experts who are ready to accelerate conversions Don't underestimate the power of performance for boosting bottom lines. Improving page response times and Core Web Vitals scores, even by less than a second, can significantly increase conversion rates . Real User Monitoring’s granular performance data enables engineers, analysts, and SREs to effectively identify bottlenecks, diagnose issues, and optimize performance for their mobile and web applications. Learn about Real User Monitoring For performance engineers who are ready to master the complexity of back-end systems Application Performance Monitoring (APM) enables data-driven monitoring and management of back-end issues, capturing the complete lifecycle of incoming web requests. Fix performance bottlenecks within inutes, not hours, with root cause analysis, multithreaded trace support, granular diagnostics, and code-level context for every trace. Learn about APM Loved by development teams around the world “We want minimum disruption for retailers, so they can continue what they do best; look after customers and sell the products they love.” Ben Gracewood - Chief Engineering Officer, Vend Simple setup and flexible pricing On-demand pricing that scales with you First-class support for all major languages and frameworks using lightweight SDKs and agents Native integrations with Slack, Github, Jira, Bitbucket and more of your favorite tools From startups to Fortune 500s Companies of all sizes and complexity rely on Raygun to deliver lightning-fast and error-free experiences for millions of customers, every day. Have a question for our team? Get in touch. Scale We process billions of data points every day and can meet the demands of any company, at any size, anywhere in the world. Security Your data, is your data. Raygun comes fully equipped with encrypted data storage and robust in-built privacy controls. Compliance We adhere to the most stringent security requirements and are HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA, and PCI compliant. Support Through our expansive online support center, live in-app chat, and dedicated customer support team, we are here to help every step of the way. Get free unlimited monitoring for 14 days Free trial Talk to us No credit card required Platform APM Real User Monitoring Crash Reporting AI Error Resolution Deployment Tracking Dashboards Customer Experience Pricing Platform Overview Integrations Request a Demo Support Documentation Product Guides Feature Requests Security App Status Changelog Privacy GDPR AI Principles Terms and Conditions Resources Blog Ebooks Webinars Partners Media Kit Company About Raygun Customers Careers Media Contact © Raygun 2025 Raygun is a registered trademark of Raygun Limited We use cookies to help us deliver a personalized experience and display relevant promotions. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more see our Privacy Policy.