We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience, personalize content, customize advertisements, and analyze website traffic. For these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. By clicking ”Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “Preferences.”
Preferences
Accept
Powered by 
Free URL shortener
Free QR Code Generator
Sign up for free
Best Free URL Shortener: Track & Optimize Links

Shorten links for free with Rb.gy powered by Rebrandly. Create short & memorable links in seconds.

Shorten for free

By clicking Shorten for free, you agree to Rebrandly’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy

Take your business to the next level!

Want to shorten links, brand them, create custom QR codes, and access detailed analytics?

Get Rebrandly for your business and supercharge your link management.

Free

$0

Sign up for free

10 Links/Mo

10 QR Codes/Mo

1 Custom Domains

Essentials

$13/mo

Buy now

Start free trial

250 Links/Mo

250 QR Codes/Mo

2 Custom Domains

10 Link Destination Edits/Mo

Branded domains for just $2/year

Register a new custom domain and start creating branded links. Increase click-through-rate up to 39%.

Search domains

Rebrandly is loved  by the world’s smartest companies

Don’t just take our word for it

5/5

TrustPilot

5/5

Capterra

4.6/5

G2Crowd

90,000

Developers using our APIs

2 Billon

Clicks tracked each month

1.3 Millon

Happy customers

1 Billon

Branded links created

A fast, easy, and free
link shortener

Use this free URL shortener to change long, ugly links into memorable and trackable short URLs. RB.GY is the best free link shortener alternative to Bitly, Tinyurl, and Google link shorteners.

Shorten links,
then track them

Free short links for any social media platform, website, SMS, email, ads, and more. Generate short links for Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook, X, TikTok and more.
Turn short links into QR codes with our free QR code generator.

Frequently Asked Questions

What is a URL shortener?

A URL shortener, or a link shortener, simplifies long and complicated URLs into brief, comprehensible links. The application of a URL shortener can notably elevate your digital marketing effortss. When you choose to shorten URL, you're making a complex web address more user-friendly and accessible.
For instance, a URL such as rb.gy/BakingMasterclass immediately communicates the content of the link, making it more inviting for users to click.
For anyone producing or circulating content online, understanding how to shorten a URL is essential.
Enhance your online presence with our effortless and free URL shortening tool presented above.

What is a custom URL shortener?

A custom URL shortener, like Rebrandly, facilitates the transformation of long URLs into succinct, brand-enhancing links. Rather than a random set of letters and numbers, a custom URL shortener allows you to include identifiable words or phrases. This tool enables you to convert a standard URL into a brand-relevant, shortened URL, thereby enhancing brand visibility and recall and building trust with your audience.

How do I shorten a URL for free?

You can shorten a URL for free using online services like RB.GY. The process couldn't be simpler: access RB.GY's URL shortener tool, insert your long URL into the specified field, then click to generate a shortened URL.

Can I change my subscription at any time?

Yes. You can upgrade, downgrade or cancel your subscription at any time, effective at the end of the next billing period. There is no sign up fee or cancellation fee. If you cancel, you will lose links, domains purchased via Rebrandly, data and access.

Can I use a domain I already own?

Absolutely! Personalization, flexibility, and control are what Rebrandly is all about. With each of our paid plans, you can register or connect at least one top-level domain (your-domain.com) or subdomains (sub.your-domain.com) that you already own to create your branded short links using Rebrandly.

Do I have to install Rebrandly on my website?

No. Rebrandly is a web-based service requiring no software to install or code to write. After subscribing, you will be ready to start branding and shortening links right away. No tech skills are required!

Do you have a special plan for Enterprise customers?

At Rebrandly, we understand that Enterprise businesses often have more complex workflows and needs. We work with many global customers and have a dedicated team to help you identify the right plan and get up and running. If you need to discuss a solution custom-designed for your Enterprise, please get in touch.

How do I know your service is reliable and scalable?

Rebrandly is the industry-leading solution for millions of users who want a powerful way to brand and shorten links. The Rebrandly platform is hosted on Amazon Web Services in multiple locations with guaranteed 99.9% uptime and public uptime reports available 24/7.

How do I change a long URL to a short URL?

To shorten a URL, you'll need a service like RB.GY. First, copy the long URL you want to shorten. Then, access the URL shortener tool. Paste your long URL into the appropriate field, then click "Shorten URL." RB.GY will instantly generate a shortened version of your original URL, which leads to the same page when clicked.

Which link shortener is best?

Rebrandly stands out as a top-rated URL shortener due to its dependability, security, and array of link management features. Beyond merely providing a way to shorten URL, Rebrandly also delivers performance tracking through click-through rates and the option to brand URLs. Explore Rebrandly's premium features to fully optimize your link management.

What are the benefits of a short URL?

When you choose to shorten a URL, you're optimizing your digital content in several ways. Short URLs are more manageable and tidy, fitting neatly into character-limited spaces like tweets or Instagram bios. They are also simpler to remember and type manually. Moreover, many URL shorteners include tracking capabilities, offering vital data on link engagement – a crucial tool for businesses and marketing campaigns. Finally, short URLs can be customized for increased brand recognition and user trust.

What is your privacy and data protection policy?

We take your data privacy and security seriously and implement stringent measures to protect your links and information. Rebrandly is the only SOC2 Type 2 certified platform for branded and shortened URLs; we are also GDPR compliant. For full details on our privacy and security policies, please visit Rebrandly.com/Privacy-Policy.

Can I create a custom plan with other features/options?

Rebrandly has many out-of-the-box branded link shortener options, but if you have specific needs that differ from the plans you see here, we'd love to chat about how we can help. Get in touch today!

I have more questions about Rebrandly, how can I contact you?

We'd love to connect! Let’s discuss how Rebrandly can help brand and shorten your links so they perform as needed. Please get in touch with us here! get in touch with us here.

Got more questions? Contact Support or Contact Sales

Create an account to shorten links, generate QR codes, track link analytics, and more.

Sign up for free
Powered by 
What is a branded link
UTM builder
Link retargeting
Link shortener
Link tracking
Free URL shortener
Bitly URL shortener
TinyURL alternative
Youtube URL shortener
Custom short urls
Vanity URL
Marketing tools
Best URL shorteners
SMS links
Twitter bio link
Link management
Instagram bio URL
Create QR codes
Bitly alternative
Marketing blogs
URL shortener
Goo.gl
Bitly enterprise alternative
Migrate short URLs

Rebrandly © Copyright 2025

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Cookie Policy

Anti Spam Policy

Cookie Preferences