Reserve Bank of Australia It appears JavaScript is currently blocked Check your browser settings and network. This website requires JavaScript for some content and functionality. Skip to content Reserve Bank of Australia Menu What are you looking for? Search Monetary Policy Market Operations Payments & Infrastructure Financial Stability Banknotes Financial Services About Us Media Releases Speeches Publications Statistics Chart Pack Research Archives Education Careers Q&A Contact Us The Bank's mission and key statistics We are Australia’s central bank and serve the people of Australia. We conduct monetary policy, determine payments system policy, work to maintain a
								stable financial system, issue the nation’s banknotes, operate the core of the
								payments system and provide banking services to the government. Cash rate target 3.60 % Effective date
									10 December 2025 Next update 2.30 pm,
									3 February 2026 Cash rate target Inflation Consumer Price Index Annual change
									October month 2025 3.8 % Next update
									7 January 2026 Inflation Exchange rates Trade-weighted Index 62.2 USD 0.6693 CNY 4.6777 JPY 104.83 EUR 0.5704 As at 4.00 pm,
									31 December 2025 Exchange rates News & Announcements Use left and right arrow keys to switch between tabs. Latest news Coming up Latest News Forecasts of Period-average Exchanges Rates: Insights from Real-time Daily Data Research Discussion Paper 2025-09 23 December 2025 3.30 pm AEDT Minutes of the December 2025 Monetary Policy Board Meeting 23 December 2025 11.30 am AEDT Papers presented at the Reserve Bank of Australia
											Research Workshop 2025 – Quantitative Macroeconomics 22 December 2025 2.30 pm AEDT Interview with Ladies Finance Club Sarah Hunter, Assistant Governor (Economic) 16 December 2025 Panel participation by Ellis Connolly, Head of Payments Policy Department, at The AusPayNet Summit, Sydney No text available. 16 December 2025 11.30 am AEDT More news and announcements Coming Up Monetary Policy Board Meeting Monetary Policy Decision 2–3 February 2026 Monetary Policy Decision Statement Media Release 3 February 2026 2.30 pm AEDT Statement on Monetary Policy 3 February 2026 2.30 pm AEDT Monetary Policy Decision 3 February 2026 3.30 pm AEDT Chart Pack: Graphs on the Australian economy and financial markets 4 February 2026 11.30 am AEDT Minutes of the February 2026 Monetary Policy Meeting 17 February 2026 11.30 am AEDT More upcoming events Monetary Policy Decision 9 December 2025 At its meeting, the Board decided to leave the cash rate unchanged at 3.60 per cent. What does it mean for the RBA? Read about how the RBA will use the new ABS Monthly CPI. Featured areas of the Bank's work Monetary Policy Our role is to contribute to the stability of the currency, full employment, and the
								economic prosperity and welfare of the Australian people. Monetary Policy Decision 9 December 2025 Minutes 23 December 2025 Statement on Monetary Policy 4 November 2025 Board Meeting Schedules Payments and Market Infrastructure We promote the efficiency and competitiveness of the payments system, and regulate
								market infrastructure to support financial stability. Payments System Board Update: November 2025 Meeting 26 November 2025 Review of Merchant Card Payment Costs and Surcharging 15 July 2025 Project Acacia: RBA and DFCRC announce chosen industry participants and ASIC provides regulatory relief for tokenised asset settlement research project 10 July 2025 Financial Stability We work with other regulatory bodies to maintain the stability of the financial system
								to create favourable conditions to foster economic growth. Financial Stability Review 2 October 2025 Regulatory Framework Climate Change and Financial Risk Banknotes We are responsible for all aspects of the production and issuance of Australian
								banknotes. We work to make them durable and difficult to counterfeit. Check for a Counterfeit Banknote Features Damaged Banknotes Reimagine the $5 note Statistics We publish statistics and graphs that are relevant to our policy and regulatory
								responsibilities. RBA Balance Sheet 30 December 2025 Index of Commodity Prices – December 2025 19 December 2025 Financial Aggregates – November 2025 19 December 2025 Education We are committed to supporting teachers and students who want to learn more about our
								activities and the Australian economy. Resources Teacher Materials Exploring Pathways in Economics About the Reserve Bank of Australia We are Australia’s central bank. Learn more about what we do and how we do it. Watch video:
								Role and Functions Transcript Michele Bullock , Governor (2023 – Present) Our job here at the Reserve Bank is to serve the community. The Parliament of Australia has given the
	Reserve Bank some very important responsibilities. It is our duty to promote the economic prosperity and
	welfare of the people of Australia, both now and into the future. We do this in many ways, including by
	setting monetary policy to maintain price stability and full employment, by contributing to the
	efficiency and stability of the payments system and the stability of the financial system, and by banking
	the Australian Government and providing the nation’s banknotes. Probably the thing we do that is most familiar to people is set the level of interest rates. This is known
	as ‘monetary policy’, where we change interest rates to try to smooth fluctuations in the
	economy. The interest rate we control is the cash rate, which is the rate that banks charge each other to
	borrow overnight. Now this interest rate influences other interest rates in the economy, such as those
	charged on your loans, or those you earn on your savings. Changes in interest rates influence
	people’s decisions to buy things or invest money, and they affect the exchange rate and the value of
	any assets that people might hold, such as homes or shares. All this affects economic activity. In
	deciding where to set the cash rate, we want to keep inflation low and stable, averaging
	2-3 per cent – our inflation ‘target’, if you like. But we want to do it in a
	way that keeps the level of employment as high as possible. These outcomes are essential for a prosperous
	economy. But there are many other things that we are responsible for as well. The Reserve Bank’s also responsible for the stability of the financial system. We typically think of
	a stable financial system as one that is safe and helps money flow within the economy, even when there
	are disruptive events. We contribute to financial stability in a number of ways. One important way is by
	setting monetary policy that helps keep inflation low and stable and people fully employed. We also
	collaborate with other financial regulators – Australian Prudential Regulation Authority,
	Australian Securities and Investment Commission and the Australian Treasury – through the Council
	of Financial Regulators to identify risks in the financial system and to develop plans to address them if
	they arise. In extreme situations, we can also provide lending to financial institutions that are sound
	but experiencing difficulties with liquidity. Now we also make and distribute Australia’s banknotes. We have some of the highest quality and most
	secure banknotes in the world and they use technology that we in Australia invented, the Bank invented it with the CSIRO in the 1980s –
	polymer, or if you like, plastic banknotes. We have a purpose-built banknote printing facility and vault
	in the outer suburbs of Melbourne. It might surprise many people that despite the use of electronic
	payments increasing, there is still a lot of demand for banknotes, particularly as a store of value. We also operate the payment system that is at the centre of the movement of money in Australia. When money
	goes from one bank to another, say when you pay a bill to somebody who banks with a different bank, the
	money comes through the Reserve Bank. We are also constantly looking at innovations to provide
	Australians with the most efficient and secure ways to pay. For example, we worked with the banks to
	develop the New Payments Platform, which allows people to make payments in close to real time,
	24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And we are looking at how the nature of money and the payments
	system could evolve as technology changes. We are the banker for the Australian Government. So, when you get a Medicare refund, pay your tax or
	receive a refund, those transactions occur through the government’s bank accounts here at the
	Reserve Bank. It’s the same if you’ve ever needed a disaster relief or other support payment,
	perhaps during the COVID-19 pandemic, floods or bushfires. We know that many
	people rely on these payments, and we feel privileged to partner with the government in getting these
	vital payments to you quickly and reliably. A lot of research, analysis, innovation and support is required to deliver all of these functions. We do
	all this with a bit over 1,500 people. Most of us are located here in Sydney. But we have a banking
	branch in Canberra and offices in Brisbane, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, Beijing, London and New York. We’re the nation’s central bank and we take our responsibilities to the Australian people very
	seriously. Find out about our role and functions Careers Ready to be part of something bigger? Use your talents and experience to make a difference for millions of Australians. Explore careers at the Bank ,
							our current opportunities or our intern
							and graduate programs and discover how you can be more. RBA Museum Explore Australia's banknotes from before Federation to the introduction of decimal currency and our current banknote series. Learn about banknote designs and the people on them, including First Nations peoples, other Notable Australians and Queen Elizabeth II . Back to top Sign up for email and SMS alerts Subscribe Follow us Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Flickr Affiliate sites Banknotes Unreserved Museum Council of Financial Regulators Australian Foreign Exchange Committee H.C. Coombs Centre The Reserve Bank of Australia supports the Foundation for Children . The materials on this webpage are subject to copyright and their use is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Copyright and Disclaimer Notice . © Reserve Bank of Australia, 2001–2025. All rights reserved. The Reserve Bank of Australia acknowledges the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples of Australia as the Traditional Custodians of this land, and recognises their continuing connection to country.
				We pay our respects to their Elders, past and present. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples should be aware that this website may contain the names, images and voices of people who are now deceased. References For Media Judicial Notice Privacy Accessibility Procurement Glossary Schedules & Events Report a Vulnerability Scams Public Interest Disclosure Access to Information