RCS for Business  |  Google for Developers Skip to main content RCS for Business / English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Documentation Go to console Guides Samples Reference Feature gallery Carriers Terms and policies What's new Support RCS for Business Documentation Guides Samples Reference Feature gallery Carriers Terms and policies What's new Support Home RCS for Business Guides Send feedback Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. The future of messaging for brands Engage with customers seamlessly on Android and iOS. Allow your customers to interact with
  your business directly, and enhance the interaction with distinctive branding and rich
  media. Measure engagement with read receipts and analytics, and build trust with a
  'Verified' icon. Learn more Ready to become an RCS for Business partner? Partner interest form arrow_forward For partners Explore the RCS Business Messaging APIs and Developer Console, review the terms and security docs, and browse
  the release notes. Partner developer docs Review the latest developer documentation. Learn more Terms and security docs Learn more about our data security and our terms and policies for RCS for Business. Learn more Release notes Check the release notes for new features and product updates. Learn more Developer Console Open the Business Communications Developer Console. Go to Console For carriers Manage RCS for Business agents from the Administration Console, and get insights into message activity
  and billing. policy Admin Console description Documentation handshake Data security contact_support Support Support resources Explore the key documentation, or contact us directly for support. Visit Support Marketing kit Exclusively for registered RCS for Business partners: Access a curated collection of resources to help you champion RCS for Business with your internal teams and brand clients. Tip: To view and download the Marketing kit decks, you need access to your organization's RCS for Business partner account. Please contact a team member with access to share the decks with you. Explore the kit To apply to become an RCS for Business partner, fill out the partner registration interest form. Connect Blog Bluesky Instagram LinkedIn X (Twitter) YouTube Programs Google Developer Program Google Developer Groups Google Developer Experts Accelerators Google Cloud & NVIDIA Developer consoles Google API Console Google Cloud Platform Console Google Play Console Firebase Console Actions on Google Console Cast SDK Developer Console Chrome Web Store Dashboard Google Home Developer Console Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform Google AI All products Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어