Royal College of Art | Home Skip to main content Accessibility statement Update you browser For the best experience, we recommend you update your browser. Visit our accessibility page for a list of supported browsers. Alternatively, you can continue using your current browser by closing this message. Close QAA Membership Badge Menu Search Programme finder Research projects Start-up companies Menu Back Register your interest in studying Support GenerationRCA Visit our Applicant Portal Search Menu Search Study Research Business News and events Alumni Showcase About the RCA Contact us Search Study Programme finder Schools How to apply Scholarships and awards Open events The RCA experience International students Short courses Teaching dates & College hours Student policies, procedures and regulations Research Research projects Research centres, labs and groups Research impact Support for research Research Excellence Framework (REF) Research degrees Research Biennale 2025 Business Executive education Case studies InnovationRCA Collaboration with industry Research commercialisation Studio projects Terra Carta Design Lab projects Snap Visualisation Lab RapidFormRCA News and events News Events Podcasts RCA images Media centre About the RCA Organisation Our campus History Staff Our alumni Work at the RCA Sustainability Freedom of information Contact us Visiting the RCA About this website Programme finder Pre-Master's Taught Master's Postgraduate research Short courses Part-time programmes Schools School of Architecture School of Arts & Humanities School of Communication School of Design How to apply Eligibility and key dates Master's application process Graduate Diploma application process MPhil/PhD application process English language requirements Portfolio and video advice Fees Funding your studies Application process: frequently asked questions Offer holder hub The RCA experience Where will the RCA take you? Careers support Our campus Facilities Learning environment Student Success team Disability support SpLD Support RCA BLK Student wellbeing Students' Union Accommodation in London Cost of living International students Postgraduate degrees and the UK education system Visas and immigration Before you arrive in the UK English for academic purposes (EAP) Pre-sessional courses The RCA and international agents Short courses Summer Schools Executive education masterclasses Art & design short courses Custom executive education IN SESSION: talks Participant testimonies Frequently asked questions Terms and conditions Research centres, labs and groups The Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design Intelligent Mobility Design Centre Centre for Materials Science & Culture Computer Science Research Centre RCA Robotics Laboratory CLIMAVORE x Jameel at RCA Immersive Acts Research Group _Space Research Group Research impact Impact Acceleration Account Impact fellowships Research degrees Research students InnovationRCA About InnovationRCA Start-up companies Our services Organisation College mission Governance Policies and codes of practice Equality & diversity Corporate publications Archive & collections Information for suppliers Work at the RCA How to apply Staff benefits Equality & diversity HR & payroll systems for casual workers About this website Accessibility Data protection, privacy & cookies Terms & conditions Register your interest in studying Support GenerationRCA Visit our Applicant Portal Secure your place Applications are live. Apply now for September 2026. 'Nothing', Linhan Cao (Graduate Diploma Art & Design) Programme finder Discover our programmes and short courses Research projects Explore our cutting-edge research projects Start-up companies Bringing art & design innovation to life What's happening at the RCA News 2025 at the Royal College of Art 19 December 2025 News Royal College of Art achieves increased score in 2025/26 People & Planet University League 15 December 2025 Event One-to-one meetings with the RCA in Downtown Los Angeles 8 January 2026 See all news & events RCA 2026 Short Courses Study with RCA academics and industry-leading guest speakers on our short courses, summer schools and executive masterclasses. Explore 2026 short courses Where will the RCA take you? Alumni Story From ballroom dancing to boundaries of light: Inside the practice of Maki Takato Former dancer turned multidisciplinary artist Maki Takato – an Information Experience Design MA alumna – explores light, perception and tradition through immersive works that merge the ephemeral with the enduring. Alumni Story How ONELAB is giving a voice to SEND learners through design ONELAB college was founded by RCA alumna and puts creativity at the heart of SEND education; offering young learners new ways to communicate, gain confidence and enter the creative world. Alumni Story How the RCA shaped Harriet Zhang’s ethical and political approach to curation The Curating Contemporary Art graduate recently co-curated 'From Allegory to Algorithm' for RCA Photography’s participation at Jimei × Arles, featuring around 20 Chinese RCA alumni artists Alumni Story From art school to Aardman: The RCA graduates defining British animation RCA graduates have helped shape Aardman’s playful, handcrafted world, carrying an experimental spirit from art school into the world of commercial animation. Alumni Story From Kingston to Kensington: The enduring legacy of Barrington Watson A pioneer of post-Independence art, Barrington Watson broke barriers at the RCA and dedicated his life to nurturing the next generation of artists. Alumni Story City Design alumnus builds cross-cultural platform for spatial justice in Palestine When Caspar Zhang (Xiayu) arrived at the RCA from Anhui, China, he not only found a new way of thinking about cities, but also a way to use design as a form of resistance and connection. Alumni Story Designing New Futures: RCA Alumna Zarna Hart on Education and Equity Designer, educator and curator Zarna Hart (RCA/V&A MA History of Design, 2023) on heritage, archives and opening up space for new voices in design history Alumni Story “Culture Isn’t Static”: Photographer Aisha Seriki on Spirituality, Sculpture, and Finding Her Voice at the RCA Photography MA (2023) Alumni Aisha Seriki reflects on her journey from social justice photography to poetic practice, and why the RCA taught her to embrace uncertainty Alumni Story RCA Animation at 40: A Legacy of Innovation, Imagination and Impact The RCA Animation course celebrates 40 years shaping not only the independent film scene, but commercial studios, arts institutions, education, and emerging media worldwide. Learnings that last a lifetime # 1 in the world for Art & Design 11 years running QS Rankings by Subject 80 % At least 4 in 5 RCA graduates who are in work are doing work that they love. RCA Graduate Careers Report 2024. 90 % 9 in 10 working RCA alumni apply the skills and knowledge they acquired at the College to their work. Source: RCA Graduate Careers Report 2024. Collaborations and partnerships We work with a selection of the world's most innovative organisations. PROJECT IFF (International Flavours and Fragrances) Prize The IFF (International Flavours & Fragrances) Prize has been inspiring students to imagine the future of fragrance with conceptual project briefs since 1993. This is the longest-running industry project at RCA. PROJECT 100% Optical Eyewear Design Competition Since 2014 students from the Royal College of Art (RCA) have taken part in an annual Eyewear Design Competition run by 100% Optical, the largest optical trade event in the UK. GUIDE Terra Carta Design Lab Following on from the global success of the inaugural edition, the Royal College of Art (RCA) partnered for a second time with the Sustainable Markets Initiative’s Terra Carta Design Lab in 2023/24. RCA and Sodexo announce winners of innovative Eats and Algorithms project to design sustainable solutions for digitising food The RCA has announced the winners of its Eats and Algorithms project, delivered in partnership with Sodexo. The winning projects all demonstrated a commitment to developing future-facing digitised solutions that foreground sustainability in innovative ways. CHANEL Next Prize award designed by Royal College of Art Sculpture student Royal College of Art (RCA) studio project with CHANEL offered Sculpture MA students the opportunity to create tabletop sculptures for CHANEL Next Prize winners.Helen Clarke (Sculpture MA, 2023) was selected as the winner, with her design realised in bronze for each of the award winners. PROJECT RCA x Snap Inc. A year-long programme bringing Royal College of Art students together with leading artists, researchers and XR professionals to explore the potential uses and implications of Augmented Reality technologies with Snap Inc. PROJECT NEMO and UNESCO Ocean Decade Partnership The Royal College of Art and UNESCO embark on a unique partnership using design and innovation to help deliver the sustainable future ocean we all want. Graduate Diploma in Art & Design Apply now for a May start. On-line, on-campus and hybrid options available. Find out more What do our students love about London? Three Royal College of Art students tell us about life in the city. Explore London life Contact us Contact us Privacy & cookies Terms & conditions Accessibility Harassment & sexual misconduct Modern Slavery Statement Media centre Registered Office: Royal College of Art , Kensington Gore , South Kensington London SW7 2EU