The Royal Children's Hospital : The Royal Children's Hospital The Royal Children's Hospital Melbourne Home About News Careers Shop Contact Donate My RCH Portal Health Professionals Patients and Families Departments and Services Research Health Professionals Departments and Services Patients and Families Research Home About News Careers Support us Contact Donate Search Teens and tans: How sun safe are teenagers? The latest National Child Health Poll from the RCH explores sun safety behaviours among teens. Kids Health Info and the RCH Poll are supported by the Good Friday Appeal. Click here to learn more. Do you have a clinic appointment? At the RCH Specialist Clinics, we see over 1,000 patients every day, with over 350 clinics available. Check out our outpatient waiting time frames and other helpful information to plan ahead of your appointment. Click here to find out more. New Teen Health Info fact sheets now live Our new fact sheets break down complex health topics into simple language for young people aged 12 to 25. Teen Health Info is supported by the Good Friday Appeal. Click here to read more. My RCH Portal: Your record at your fingertips Sign up now to connect with information in your RCH medical record, when and where it suits you. Click here to learn more or sign up Travel a long way to get to the RCH? The RCH offers telehealth video-consultation for families from rural and regional Victoria or interstate. Usually, this is for known patients for follow-up appointments. This can be in your home or with your local doctor. Click here to find out more. ‹ › Teens and tans: How sun safe are teenagers? The latest National Child Health Poll from the RCH explores sun safety behaviours among teens. Kids Health Info and the RCH Poll are supported by the Good Friday Appeal. Click here to learn more. Do you have a clinic appointment? At the RCH Specialist Clinics, we see over 1,000 patients every day, with over 350 clinics available. Check out our outpatient waiting time frames and other helpful information to plan ahead of your appointment. Click here to find out more. New Teen Health Info fact sheets now live Our new fact sheets break down complex health topics into simple language for young people aged 12 to 25. Teen Health Info is supported by the Good Friday Appeal. Click here to read more. My RCH Portal: Your record at your fingertips Sign up now to connect with information in your RCH medical record, when and where it suits you. Click here to learn more or sign up Travel a long way to get to the RCH? The RCH offers telehealth video-consultation for families from rural and regional Victoria or interstate. Usually, this is for known patients for follow-up appointments. This can be in your home or with your local doctor. Click here to find out more. ‹ › Your guide to the RCH Kids Health Info Clinical Practice Guidelines My RCH Portal Your guide to the RCH Kids Health Info Clinical Practice Guidelines My RCH Portal Emergency Department status View the Emergency Department status page for a real time guide to how busy we are. Teen Health Info fact sheets Health topics in simple language for young people aged 12 to 25. Emergency Department status View the Emergency Department status page for a real time guide to how busy we are. Teen Health Info fact sheets Health topics in simple language for young people aged 12 to 25. Translation resources Explore translated resources in over 22 languages. Telehealth appointments Access to RCH telehealth for patients, families, interpreters and external callers. Translation resources Explore translated resources in over 22 languages. Telehealth appointments Access to RCH telehealth for patients, families, interpreters and external callers. RCH News International Day of People with Disability: Josh’s story When Josh* and his mum arrived in Australia earlier this year, everything felt new and overwhelming. Settling into a new country is challenging for any family, but even more so when your child has autism and an intellectual disability.

Only two months after landing, Josh began experiencing behaviours of concern. Unsure where to turn, his mum brought him to the RCH Emergency Department (ED). Emma’s story Emily’s world shifted in an instant when she learnt, on her birthday, that her newborn daughter Emma had cystic fibrosis (CF). Chief of Medicine named as finalist for Human Rights Medal Congratulations to Associate Professor Michelle Telfer, Chief of Medicine at the Royal Children’s Hospital (RCH) who has been named by the Australian Human Rights Commission as a finalist for the 2025 Human Rights Medal. Hazel’s story: little fighter from the farm From muddy boots to hospital beds, her journey from farm life to surgery shows the power of parental instinct and community. National Week of Deaf People – Meet Reggie At three weeks old, Reggie was diagnosed with bilateral profound sensorineural hearing loss after not passing her newborn hearing screen. She was given hearing aids in an effort to provide auditory stimulation and to prepare her for cochlear implants. Eddie’s story Meet Eddie. The four-year-old loves Spiderman, construction vehicles, his little sister Annie and zooming around in his walker. He’s also got his very own superpower! Honouring the life and legacy of Edward ‘Durham’ Smith AO The Royal Children’s Hospital (RCH) honours the life and legacy of Edward ‘Durham’ Smith AO, who passed away peacefully on 21 August 2025, aged 103. Durham was a pioneer in paediatric surgery and a deeply respected figure across the RCH community. His contributions spanned decades, including thousands of life-changing operations for children, as well as … Continued DonateLife Week – Mira’s Story 12-year-old Mira’s journey with chronic kidney disease (CKD) began before she was even born. “During pregnancy we discovered there was an abnormality with both her kidneys,” Katrina recalls. “We had no history or understanding of CKD - it was scary and overwhelming to be thrust into a medical world, that was very unknown.” Celebrating 20 years of Wallaby – Meet baby Noelle The Royal Children’s Hospital, Hospital in the Home program is celebrating 20 years of service, treating patients like baby Noelle who need specialist care in the comfort of their own homes. World Diabetes Week – Meet Jackson For 11-year-old Jackson and his family, managing Type 1 Diabetes has been a journey of learning, adjustment and teamwork. ‹ › RCH News International Day of People with Disability: Josh’s story When Josh* and his mum arrived in Australia earlier this year, everything felt new and overwhelming. Settling into a new country is challenging for any family, but even more so when your child has autism and an intellectual disability.

Only two months after landing, Josh began experiencing behaviours of concern. Unsure where to turn, his mum brought him to the RCH Emergency Department (ED). Emma’s story Emily’s world shifted in an instant when she learnt, on her birthday, that her newborn daughter Emma had cystic fibrosis (CF). Chief of Medicine named as finalist for Human Rights Medal Congratulations to Associate Professor Michelle Telfer, Chief of Medicine at the Royal Children’s Hospital (RCH) who has been named by the Australian Human Rights Commission as a finalist for the 2025 Human Rights Medal. Hazel’s story: little fighter from the farm From muddy boots to hospital beds, her journey from farm life to surgery shows the power of parental instinct and community. National Week of Deaf People – Meet Reggie At three weeks old, Reggie was diagnosed with bilateral profound sensorineural hearing loss after not passing her newborn hearing screen. She was given hearing aids in an effort to provide auditory stimulation and to prepare her for cochlear implants. Eddie’s story Meet Eddie. The four-year-old loves Spiderman, construction vehicles, his little sister Annie and zooming around in his walker. He’s also got his very own superpower! Honouring the life and legacy of Edward ‘Durham’ Smith AO The Royal Children’s Hospital (RCH) honours the life and legacy of Edward ‘Durham’ Smith AO, who passed away peacefully on 21 August 2025, aged 103. Durham was a pioneer in paediatric surgery and a deeply respected figure across the RCH community. His contributions spanned decades, including thousands of life-changing operations for children, as well as … Continued DonateLife Week – Mira’s Story 12-year-old Mira’s journey with chronic kidney disease (CKD) began before she was even born. “During pregnancy we discovered there was an abnormality with both her kidneys,” Katrina recalls. “We had no history or understanding of CKD - it was scary and overwhelming to be thrust into a medical world, that was very unknown.” Celebrating 20 years of Wallaby – Meet baby Noelle The Royal Children’s Hospital, Hospital in the Home program is celebrating 20 years of service, treating patients like baby Noelle who need specialist care in the comfort of their own homes. World Diabetes Week – Meet Jackson For 11-year-old Jackson and his family, managing Type 1 Diabetes has been a journey of learning, adjustment and teamwork. Support Us Bring life-saving treatments closer to home for sick kids Families like Augie’s deserve access to the best treatments — right here in Australia. Donate to the RCH Foundation this Christmas to give sick kids a brighter future. Give a Christmas gift that truly matters — hope for sick kids With your help, we can ensure that kids like Emily receive the advanced treatment they desperately need right here in Australia. Your donation is more than just a gift, it’s a lifeline. The Royal Children's Hospital Toggle section navigation In this section About the RCH RCH news Publications RCH Board RCH Executive Our Strategic Plan History Alumni Contact us RCH >  The Royal Children's Hospital In this section About the RCH RCH news Publications RCH Board RCH Executive Our Strategic Plan History Alumni Contact us The Royal Children's Hospital The Royal Children’s Hospital, Melbourne Contact us 50 Flemington Road Parkville Victoria 3052 Australia +61 3 9345 5522 Health Professionals Clinical Practice Guidelines Nursing Guidelines Paediatric Handbook Paediatric Injectable Guidelines Paediatric Trauma Manual Patients and families My RCH Portal Kids Health Info Your guide to the RCH The Family Hub Donate Follow us We acknowledge the people of the Kulin Nation, the traditional custodians and pay our respects to their
            culture and their Elders past, present and emerging. The Royal Children’s Hospital, Melbourne values and cares for people of all backgrounds, spiritualities,
            cultures, genders, sexualities, bodies and abilities. We are committed to creating a safe and inclusive
            environment for everyone we work with. Privacy | Terms and Conditions © 2025 The Royal Children's Hospital