Home | RCOG Skip to main content You are currently using an unsupported browser which could affect the appearance and functionality of this website. Please consider upgrading to the latest version or using alternatives such as Mozilla Firefox , Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge . About us Courses and events News Journals RCOG Learning Register / Sign in Link to RCOG home Toggle Search Toggle Menu Register / Sign in For the public Back For the public RCOG engagement: Listening to patients RCOG Women's Network Maternal mental health - women's voices Women's Voices Involvement Panel (WVIP) Browse our patient information Patient information for consultation Reproducing RCOG guidance and patient information Translated patient information A-Z of medical terms About your doctor Menopause and later life Careers and training Back Careers and training Your O&G career Workforce Research SAS and LE doctors Awards, grants and prizes Training Trainee ePortfolio RCOG Learning Courses and events Curriculum Resources and support for trainees More Exams MRCOG: Our specialty training exam Book an exam DRCOG: Our Diploma exam CPD & revalidation The CPD framework CPD ePortfolio Revalidation Appraisal CPD registration More Guidance Back Guidance Browse all guidance Coronavirus (COVID-19), pregnancy and women’s health Library services Patient safety Green-top Guidelines Reproducing RCOG guidance and patient information Coronavirus Resources to inform and support clinicians Read the guidance Membership Back Membership Fellows and Members Trainees RCOG Associates Retired Fellows and Members Benefits of RCOG membership We provide tailored benefits depending on your career stage How membership fees support our mission The revenue we receive from membership fees supports our strategic objectives Membership fees and payment FAQs Answers to frequently asked questions Membership fees FAQs Search Search the site Search Christmas and New Year closure The College offices will be closed from Wednesday 24 December 2025 and will reopen on Friday 2 January 2026. Season’s greetings, and best wishes for a peaceful New Year. Guidance Collapse Search our guidance Search the site: Search through site content Browse all guidance Green-top Guidelines Scientific Impact Papers Consent Advice Membership Collapse Creating a global community of O&G practitioners Becoming a member Benefits of RCOG membership How your membership fees support our mission Renew your membership Careers & training Collapse Supporting you throughout your career Exams Trainee ePortfolio CPD & revalidation RCOG Learning CPD ePortfolio Research For the public Collapse Search our patient information leaflets Search the site: Search through site content Browse all patient information leaflets Menopause and later life Coronavirus (COVID-19) and pregnancy A-Z of medical terms Latest at the RCOG View all The President’s first message to Fellows and Members Read the first membership message from RCOG President Dr Alison Wright as she takes up office in December 2025. Corporate Careers and workforce 18 December 2025 Royal Colleges urge pregnant women to get flu vaccine as cases remain high The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH... Policy and governance Careers and workforce Clinical and research Corporate 24 December 2025 RCOG launches updated Maternity Service Standards Framework The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) has published its updated Maternity Service Standards Framework, which provides practical... Clinical and research Careers and workforce 11 December 2025 RCOG responds to the latest CQC National Maternity Survey The Care Quality Commission annual national maternity survey provides a valuable insight into the experiences of those using maternity services. The s... Clinical and research Careers and workforce 10 December 2025 Three Years of Progress: Reflections from the RCOG President In her final President's blog, RCOG President Ranee Thakar reflects on three high-impact years for the College during her tenure, celebrating mileston... Policy and governance Careers and workforce Clinical and research Corporate 09 December 2025 RCOG stories Previous slide next slide RCOG World Congress SAVE THE DATE - We are delighted to invite you to RCOG World Congress 2027 in Malaysia, taking place from 22-24 April. Before abstracts and registration open, explore highlights from 2025 and get on-demand access to revisit over 100 hours of content. New RCOG Officers We warmly welcomed our new President, Dr Alison Wright, and Vice Presidents, following their installation ceremony on Friday 12 December 2025. You can read more about our colleagues in their profiles. Get involved with your College The RCOG highly values the diverse expertise of our membership and other stakeholders to help shape the future direction of its work. Discover all roles and apply by Wednesday 21 January 2026 to join one of our committees. RCOG strategy 2025–2030 The RCOG has launched a refreshed Strategy for 2025–2030, marking the start of our next chapter defined by ambition, inclusion and global connection. Interested in taking the MRCOG exam? Our helpful bite-size videos series has been designed to provide potential candidates with key information about the MRCOG exam and what you can expect. International accreditation programmes Our internationally accredited training programmes are designed to empower healthcare professionals, enhancing their knowledge and skills and setting the gold standard in women's health. O&G Curriculum 2024 We have launched the GMC approved O&G Curriculum 2024. Significant resources have been developed to support learners and educators, we encourage you to engage with the information to support your understanding of Curriculum 2024. RCOG events and courses View all Previous slide next slide Ultrasound for the Diagnosis of Endometriosis, joint RCOG/BSGE - Wednesday 28 January 2026 Manual Vacuum Aspiration Training Course, joint RCOG/BSACP - Tuesday 10 February 2026 Surgical Masterclass in Vaginal and Minimal Access Urogynaecology Surgery, joint RCOG/BSUG - 12-13 February 2026 Early Pregnancy and Emergency Gynaecology, joint RCOG/AEPU - 4-5 March 2026 Abortion Care Essentials, joint RCOG/BSACP - Tuesday 10 March 2026 Perinatal Mental Health - 14-15 May 2026 National Trainees Conference - 18-19 June 2026 Join our global community Being an RCOG Associate provides you with tools and resources to keep your O&G knowledge and skills up-to-date, enabling you to deliver the highest standards of care for girls and women. Join today to access a unique collection of benefits. Join today RCOG Shop View all Previous slide next slide RCOG Hoodie - Offering warmth and utility all year round RCOG Thermal Cup - Hydrate on the go with drinks at the perfect temperature RCOG Notebook - Stylish stationary, perfect for on-the-go and at home RCOG Graduation bear - A souvenir to celebrate your exam success RCOG Baby Grow - Perfect for the next generation of the O&G family Join the conversation Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Jobs RCOG Shop Contact us 10–18 Union Street London SE1 1SZ UK T +44 20 7772 6200 Support our work around the world by making a donation Donate now Registered charity no. 213280 Accessibility Privacy policy Terms & conditions Equality, diversity and inclusion Site Map Top