Front Page | ReactOS Project Fork me on GitHub Front Page - go to homepage Toggle Navigation About What is ReactOS? Gallery FAQ News All News Project News Blog Posts Community Chat Forum Shop Development Architecture Building ReactOS Contributing Download ReactOS Builds Jira ReactOS on GitHub Report a Bug Testman Wiki Work for ReactOS Donate Download Front Page - go to homepage Toggle Navigation About What is ReactOS? Gallery FAQ News All News Project News Blog Posts Community Chat Forum Shop Development Architecture Building ReactOS Contributing Download ReactOS Builds Jira ReactOS on GitHub Report a Bug Testman Wiki Work for ReactOS Donate Download Welcome to ReactOS Imagine running your favorite Windows applications and drivers in an open-source environment you can trust. That's the mission of ReactOS! Development ReactOS Builds Report a Bug Testman Wiki Get in touch Chat Forum Mailing Lists view more screenshots Download ReactOS 0.4.15 or Donate For the latest features and bugfixes, try our nightly builds . Recent News Progress update: fixing the ReactOS test suite by Carl Bialorucki November 4, 2025 For many years, the ReactOS test suite was neglected. It was a random collection of our own tests and old Wine tests that were only checked against Windows Server 2003 and sometimes a random newer version of Windows up to the discretion of the contributor. The Wine tests we imported were heavily modified and the changes made weren’t always well documented.
I’m here to clean up this mess.
I have been deeply involved with the ReactOS project since 2023 and in May of 2024 I became an official project developer. An initial investigation into WDDM on ReactOS by The_DarkFire_ October 7, 2025 The history of ReactOS spans a wider range than the lives of many of the people who work on it today. Incredible individuals have come and gone from the project with vastly different goals for what they want to see developed. In recent years, better hardware support has emerged as one of those goals. As ReactOS gazes towards the world of Vista and beyond, a few questions about how hardware works emerge. Carl Bialorucki hired to improve ReactOS test suite by Carl Bialorucki July 4, 2025 Hi, my name is Carl J. Bialorucki.
I started making a name for myself in the ReactOS community by contributing several shell improvements.
In May of 2024 I was added to the core development team and in March of 2025 I led the release of ReactOS 0.4.15 after the previous release manager was unable to continue working on the project. I’m pleased to announce that I was hired for a full-time contract position with ReactOS Deutschland e.V. in May of 2025. ReactOS 0.4.15 released by ReactOS Team March 21, 2025 We are pleased to announce the release of ReactOS 0.4.15! This release offers Plug and Play fixes, audio fixes, memory management fixes, registry healing, improvements to accessories and system tools including Notepad, Paint, RAPPS, the Input Method Editor, and shell improvements.
We chose to release this version of ReactOS in honor of Eric Kohl’s first commit to the ReactOS code base, which dates back to 1999. Eric Kohl is the oldest active contributor of the project, and this is his 26th ReactOS anniversary! Older posts → Live Activity More... © 1996-2025 ReactOS Team & Contributors Improve this page Legal