ReadTheory | Free Reading Comprehension Practice for Students and Teachers Teacher’s Lounge Worksheets Reading Comprehension Worksheets & Tests Printable and accessible online. Worksheets for every grade level. 1 1st grade Worksheets 2 2nd grade Worksheets 3 3rd grade Worksheets 4 4th grade Worksheets 5 5th grade Worksheets 6 6th grade Worksheets 7 7th grade Worksheets 8 8th grade Worksheets 9 9th grade Worksheets 10 10th grade Worksheets 11 11th grade Worksheets 12 12th grade Worksheets Adult (ABE) Worksheets ESL Worksheets SPED Worksheets Instant Worksheet Builder Teacher-Created Worksheets Schools & Districts Schools & Districts Learn about the full instructional power of ReadTheory for your school or district. Talk to Sales School & District Overview Efficacy Studies Case Studies Webinars and PD Science of Reading Funding Guide Test Prep Pricing Login Sign up Improve your students’ Reading Comprehension It’s free. Personalized reading comprehension exercises and actionable insights. For Grades K-12 and ESL students. Sign up for FREE! Contact School Sales Around the world, millions of students are benefiting from ReadTheory. 18,000,000 Students 700,000 Teachers 40,000 Schools scroll down to read more Why use ReadTheory? Adaptive Reach students where they are with adaptive technology that adjusts to each student’s specific reading level. Effective Improve students’ reading comprehension with proven standards-aligned exercises for grades K-12. Easy Get up and running in minutes with an easy-to-use interface and human support when you need it. Fun Build classroom culture with interactive reading exercises and competitions that keep students engaged. What educators are saying... “We started with a class average  of 275 Lexile Level, and with ReadTheory we met our  600 Lexile Level goal!” Anne S., Teacher California, USA, United States “Students learn by tracking their data and setting goals. It’s THE BEST comprehension intervention program I’ve used in over 30 years of teaching!” Kara G., Teacher Indiana, United States “We started with a class average  of 275 Lexile Level, and with ReadTheory we met our  600 Lexile Level goal!” Anne S., Educator California, United States “I love the way the program automatically detects the student’s level and adjusts based on performance. I also love being able to track their progress and having solid data of the areas where they're struggling in reading.” Anne S., Educator Sweden See the wall of love Try it right now See for yourself how your students will experience ReadTheory! Personalize learning  for every student. Teach multiple reading levels Let our A.I driven software take over! We continuously note students’ performance and adapt the level of reading difficulty. Save time with automatic grading Ditch the red pen! Students get instant feedback and we grade everything for you. Set Recurring Activities once and teach stress-free all year. Gain data insights with reports Track individual student and class progress in real-time. Identify where additional practice is needed. Access thousands of exercises With thousands of standards-aligned interactive exercises and worksheets, find the perfect activity for your students. Win prizes and build class culture Motivate students to read with engaging class competitions, badges, and prizes! Personalize learning  for every student. 1 Teach multiple reading levels Let our A.I driven software take over! We continuously note students’ performance and adapt the level of reading difficulty. 2 Save time with automatic grading Ditch the red pen! Students get instant feedback and we grade everything for you. Set Recurring Activities once and teach stress-free all year. 3 Gain data insights with reports Track individual student and class progress in real-time. Identify where additional practice is needed. 4 Access thousands of exercises With thousands of standards-aligned interactive exercises and worksheets, find the perfect activity for your students. 5 Win prizes and build class culture Motivate students to read with engaging class competitions, badges, and prizes! Deliver Data-Informed Instruction 1 Track mastery of ELA skills in real time 2 Pinpoint strengths and gaps instantly 3 See detailed data for each student in one click 4 Easily print and share reports across your school Grounded in the science of reading ReadTheory enhances students' background knowledge, vocabulary, and reading comprehension - empowering them to become confident readers. Read more about it Rooted in research, proven in results. +15 Points Schools and districts that use ReadTheory experience a 15-Point advantage on Reading Assessments. 3x Growth Students practicing on ReadTheory outperform their non-practicing peers by 3X. See The Research ReadTheory is free to use. Register for an account now and be up and running in a couple of minutes. Sign up for FREE! Get Started How it Works Help Center Webinars Resources Hub Pricing Certified Educator Teacher’s Lounge Inside ReadTheory About Us Press Meet our Writers Careers Contact Us For Schools & Districts Schools & Districts Overview Science of Reading Efficacy Studies Case Studies Wall of Love Funding Resources Test Prep Lesson Plans Central Idea Characterization Inferencing Point Of View Summarizing Theme Tone Vocab in Context Reading Comprehension Worksheets 1st grade 2nd grade 3rd grade 4th grade 5th grade 6th grade 7th grade 8th grade 9th grade 10th grade 11th grade 12th grade Adult (ABE) ESL Special education Instant Worksheet Builder Teacher-Created Worksheets State Assessments ELA Assessments Test Prep State Directory AZ AASA CA CAASPP FL FAST GA Milestones IN ILEARN NC EOG TX STAAR Get Started How it Works Help Center Webinars Resources Hub Pricing Certified Educator Teacher’s Lounge Inside ReadTheory About Us Meet our Writers Contact Us For Schools & Districts Schools & Districts Overview Science of Reading Efficacy Studies Case Studies Wall of Love Funding Resources Test Prep Lesson Plans Central Idea Characterization Inferencing Point Of View Summarizing Theme Tone Vocab in Context Reading Worksheets 1st Grade 2nd Grade 3rd Grade 4th Grade 5th Grade 6th Grade 7th Grade 8th Grade 9th Grade 10th Grade 11th Grade 12th Grade Adult (ABE) ESL Special Education Instant Worksheet Builder Teacher-Created Worksheets State Assessments ELA Assessments Test Prep State Directory AZ AASA CA CAASPP FL FAST GA Milestones IN ILEARN NC EOG TX STAAR 2025, ReadTheory. All rights reserved FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of use FAQ 2025, ReadTheory. All rights reserved Your browser does not support HTML video. Sign Up Now Are you an admin looking to bring ReadTheory to your school or district? Contact Sales Back Bring ReadTheory to your school or district Name * Phone Number * School Email * Email address entered incorrectly Your role * empty Your role Teacher Special Education Teacher Instructional Coach Curriculum Coordinator Director of Curriculum RTI Coordinator (Intervention) Technology Coordinator Director of Technology Assistant Principal Principal Associate Superintendent Superintendent District-Level Administrator Other School / district name * Country *