Best productivity apps for iPhone, iPad and Mac | Readdle Skip to main content Readdle Products PDF Expert Spark Scanner Pro Calendars Documents Fluix Blog More About us Press Support Readdle for Education Careers Igniting productivity for individuals and teams Explore App Explore App Explore App Explore App Explore App Essential productivity apps Explore the ecosystem of the best-in-class productivity apps. We simplify complex things, so you can streamline workflows and enjoy the power of technology. PDF Expert The go-to PDF editor. App of the Year by Apple Try it now Try it now Spark Fast. Focused. Email. Editors’ Choice by Apple Try it now Scanner Pro The best iPhone and iPad scanner app. Editors’ Choice by Apple Try it now Calendars Own your time. Red Dot Award Winner 2021 Try it now Documents The super app for file action. Downloaded 91 million times Try it now Fluix Document workflow manager for business teams. High Performer by G2 Try it now Latest news and updates Read about our latest updates. Meet your personal AI Assistant — now in Spark. Documents by Readdle wins a Red Dot Design Award 2025 Capture every detail with +AI Meeting Notes Global footprint 300+ Employees worldwide 235+ Million product downloads 8 Hubs all over the world 18 Years on the market With 225 million downloads worldwide, and team members in 30 countries, we strive to serve all markets and hire the best talent worldwide. Learn more about where the magic happens and see how you can be a part of it! Search jobs We wake up to change lives Learn more about Readdle’s mission and what motivates us to build great products for you. Read about Readdle My email was a mess until I discovered Spark. It feels very much like an evolutionary step up from a basic system calendar. Readdle Scanner Pro for iPhone upgraded with automated Expense Reports. The Documents app sets itself apart from Apple's Files app because it comes with more PDF features and MP3 functionality. Featured on Read about our apps Follow us on socials Track the latest releases and updates, ask questions, and suggest product improvements. Get news and recommendations Stay up to date with our news and announcements by subscribing to our Newsletter. By clicking on "Subscribe" I agree to the Privacy Notice. Thank you for your subscription! You’ll be sent the next issue of your newsletter shortly. Oops... The email address is already subscribed to our newsletter. Company Blog About us Careers Press Support Products PDF Expert Documents Spark Calendars Scanner Pro Fluix Languages English Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Português 简体中文 Українська Copyright © 2007 - 2026 Readdle Limited. Apple, the Apple logos, MacBook, iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and Apple Vision Pro are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store and Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Privacy Notice Accessibility Statement