Close notification bar
DreamBox Reading Plus is now Part of Discovery Education! Learn More
Skip to content
Get Support
 Log In
Location
 GLOBAL
Search
Menu
Request a Demo
Prepare Confident,
Lifelong Readers

Accelerate reading achievement through personalized instruction and intervention

Watch Video Explore How It Works
Learn more about this exciting news!
DreamBox Learning is Now Part of Discovery Education!

We are thrilled to announce that DreamBox Learning has joined Discovery Education, uniting two organizations fueled by a common purpose and passion for education. Together, Discovery Education will continue to provide research-based, personalized experiences to educators and students worldwide.

Reading Plus Offers Solutions for:

Intervention

Enrichment

English Learner

Special Education

Extended Learning

Summer Learning

Change the Way Students Read

Reading Plus is an adaptive literacy solution that improves fluency, comprehension, vocabulary, stamina, and motivation. Used in more than 7,800 schools, Reading Plus is helping more than one million students become proficient readers.

Connect with Your Local Representative

Use Reading Plus to…

Select Option
Support all students with personalized instruction
Help struggling readers through intervention
Provide reading growth to English learners
Give teachers actionable data

Accelerate Reading Growth
with Rapid Results
Reading Plus produces 2.5 years of growth in just 60 hours of personalized instruction.
2.5 Level Gains in 60 Hours
2.0 Level Gains in 40 Hours
1.0 Level Gains for College & Career Readiness in 20 Hours

View Efficacy

Success Stories

Changing the current slide of this carousel will also change the current slide of the Success Stories Media Carousel.

Reading Plus Teachers Share Their Stories

“I recommend Reading Plus to any teacher out there who is struggling with ways to motivate students to read,” says Danielle Seaboy, a teacher from Pojoaque Valley School District. “It builds their confidence and they become better readers.”
Read Full Story
The Impact of Reading Plus

“Reading Plus has changed many things, like my confidence, my passion for reading, my fluency and comprehension, my vocabulary. I would describe Reading Plus as a family member, because it’s always with me,” shares Ashley, a student from Orange Public Schools in New Jersey.
Read Full Story
Reading Plus Students Share Their Stories

“I do like reading more now,” says Aliyah, a student from Meriden Public Schools. “I feel more confident in myself to read and not be scared to read out loud or scared to read a book I don’t understand. It takes a lot of stress off, so when the teacher calls on me, I don’t have to be scared to answer the question.”
Read Full Story
Previous
Previous
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2
Go to slide 3
Open Video for Reading Plus Teachers Share Their Stories
Open Video for The Impact of Reading Plus
Open Video for Reading Plus Students Share Their Stories


See More

Adaptive Assessment

Learn More

Personalized Learning

Learn More

Professional Learning

Learn More

Get a
Closer Look

Learn how Reading Plus works.

Request a Demo
Ready to Get Started with
Reading Plus?

Click below to be connected with a local representative or to learn more about implementing Reading Plus in your school.


Request a Free Demo

Reading Plus response to Log4j/log4shell vulnerability. Read More

Reading Plus is now part of the DreamBox family!

 

1-877-451-7845

support@readingplus.com

Contact us to learn more.

Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Youtube
Solutions
Intervention
English Learner
Special Education
Enrichment
Extended Learning
Summer Learning
How it Works
Reading Assessment
Personalized Learning
Teacher-Directed Instruction
Professional Development and Support
Content Library
Reading Support Program
Administrators
Teachers
Students
Families
Research & Results
Efficacy
Success Stories
Alignments
Evaluations
Support
Technical Support
Login to Reading Plus
About Us
Our Story
Content Partners

Copyright © 2025 Discovery Education. All rights reserved.

CA Resident Notice Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement

Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity and personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. Our use of cookies may be considered a sale or sharing under state data privacy laws. To opt out, please click "Cookie Settings" and adjust the toggles. For additional information and the retention terms for the trackers, please see our Privacy Policy.

Cookies Settings Accept Cookies