Reading Rockets: Launching Young Readers Skip to main content Home Search Menu WETA Secondary navigation About Blogs Resources Videos Search Donate (opens in a new window) Main navigation Reading 101 Reading 101 Explore reading basics as well as the key role of background knowledge and motivation in becoming a lifelong reader and learner. Watch our PBS Launching Young Readers series and try our self-paced Reading 101 course to deepen your understanding. Visit the Reading 101 Overview Reading 101 Overview How Children Learn to Read The Pre-K Years Reading and Writing Basics Role of Background Knowledge Reading Motivation PBS Launching Young Readers Series Reading 101: Learning Modules In the Classroom In the Classroom Browse our library of evidence-based teaching strategies, learn more about using classroom texts, find out what whole-child literacy instruction looks like, and dive deeper into comprehension, content area literacy, writing, and social-emotional learning. Visit the In the Classroom Overview In the Classroom Overview Classroom Strategy Library Looking at Writing Choosing and Using Classroom Texts Content Area Literacy Social-Emotional Learning Instructional Routines, Grouping, and the ELA Block Scope and Sequence Evidence-Based Instruction and MTSS ELA Standards Helping All Readers Helping All Readers Many children need extra support to become skilled readers. Learn more about why some kids struggle, what effective interventions look like, how to create inclusive classrooms so every child can thrive, and much more. Visit the Helping All Readers Overview Helping All Readers Overview Why Some Kids Struggle and How to Help Screening and Assessment Reading Interventions Role of Speech-Language Pathologists Voices of Experts English Language Learners Inclusive Classrooms Neurodiversity and Learning Differences Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Children Guidance for Families Books & Authors Books & Authors Meet your favorite book creators, launch an author study, browse our themed booklists, get tips on how to choose and use kids’ books, find guidance on building a more diverse bookshelf, celebrate annual literacy events with us, and more! Visit the Books & Authors Overview Books & Authors Overview Author and Illustrator Interviews Author Study Toolkit Book Finder Themed Booklists The Diverse Bookshelf Nonfiction for Kids Award-Winning Books Choosing and Using Kids’ Books Finding Free Books Literacy Calendar Literacy at Home Literacy at Home Discover how to support your child’s growth as a young reader and writer — with our Reading 101 for Families guide, bilingual parent tips, ideas for building your child’s knowledge of the world, Q&A with experts, and guidance on connecting with your child’s school. Visit the Literacy at Home Overview Literacy at Home Overview Reading 101: A Guide for Parents Literacy Tips and Activities Reading with Your Child Summer Reading and Learning Reading and Writing SOS Connecting with Your Child’s School Topics We are thinkers! We are growing readers! We are explorers! We are community! We are writers! We are book lovers! We are learners! We are book lovers! Reading Rockets offers a rich library of evidence-based classroom strategies to help young children become skilled readers. In the Classroom Looking at Writing Explore annotated writing samples from kids in pre-K through grade 3, and see next-step suggestions for instruction. You’ll also learn about writing milestones and different purposes of writing — along with ideas for how to make room for writing during the day. Choosing and Using Classroom Texts Teaching Text Structure Social-Emotional Learning Classroom Strategies that Support SEL Classroom Strategy Story Sequence The ability to recall and retell the sequence of events in a text helps students identify main narrative components, understand text structure, and summarize — all key components of comprehension. Additional Comprehension Strategies Paragraph Shrinking Story Maps Summarizing Put Research into Action From the building blocks of reading to classroom strategies to creating inclusive classrooms — we’re here to help you understand everything you need to know to help young children grow as readers and writers. Reading 101 Reading 101: Self-Paced Learning Modules Helping All Readers Why Some Kids Struggle and How to Help Helping All Readers Looking at Reading Interventions Resources Reading Research Library Dive Deep into Literacy with Our Learning Library Our rich library of classroom strategies, articles, parent tip sheets, FAQs, videos, research briefs and more provides you with research-based and best-practice information. Explore all 26 Topics Comprehension Content Area Literacy Phonological and Phonemic Awareness Reading Aloud Spelling and Word Study Writing Learn from Our Experts We’re writing about best practices in reading instruction, building background knowledge, and choosing and using children’s books in the classroom and at home. From Our Blogs Shanahan on Literacy Timothy Shanahan Won’t Challenging Texts Discourage Young Readers? Rather than reducing text demands, we should offer instructional and emotional supports that build comprehension and motivation — be positive and… Right to Read Margaret Goldberg Sorting Reading Science from Sales Pitches The constant flood of pseudo-scientific claims makes it increasingly difficult to identify effective teaching practices. Book Life Rachael Walker Learning to Read Around the World: South Korea Talking with parents and educators in Seoul, Launa Hall discovers at the elementary level a surprising balance of rigor, creativity,… Find Insights on All Our Blogs Expert Q&A Get answers from nationally-known literacy and education experts to frequently asked questions about reading and writing. Video Interviews with Literacy Experts Learn from researchers and experts in literacy and early education. Topics include vocabulary, comprehension, writing, autism, social-emotional learning, children’s books, summer learning, and more. Support Literacy at Home One of the most important gifts we can give children is to help them learn to read and write so that they can succeed in school and beyond. Get a better understanding of what it takes to help the children in your life grow as readers, writers, and learners! Literacy at Home Reading and Writing SOS: Expert Answers to Family Questions Literacy at Home Reading 101: A Guide for Parents Literacy at Home Growing Readers: Bilingual Tip Sheets Literacy at Home Literacy in the Sciences Help Children Discover Their Love of Books Sometimes it just takes one wonderful book to turn a kid into a reader. Tap into what interests your child. Books & Authors Our Book Finder Use Book Finder to create your own customized list of fiction and nonfiction books.  Search through more than 5,000 books on Reading Rockets — by author or illustrator, age, genre, format, theme, and diversity topics. Featured Booklists Browse these booklists created by Maria Salvadore, our children's  literature expert. Themed Booklist Holiday Buying Guide 2025 Themed Booklist Freedom Day: Celebrating Juneteenth Themed Booklist Winter Tales Children’s Books & Authors Choosing and Using  Kids Books Children’s Books & Authors Interviews with Top Children’s Authors and Illustrators Children’s Books & Authors The Diverse Bookshelf Background Knowledge Start with a Book: Read, Explore, Learn! Reading should not be presented to children as a chore or duty. It should be offered to them as a precious gift. Kate DiCamillo Stay Up to Date on Literacy Education’s Latest Today’s Literacy Headlines We’ve gathered fresh reading news from trusted sources so you don’t have to! Play-Based Learning Yields More Joy, Higher Scores at This Elementary School (opens in a new window) Education Week (subscription) December 30, 2025 What Brain Research Really Says about Literacy (opens in a new window) Tulsa Kids December 30, 2025 10 Useful Tech Tools for Educators in 2026: A Practical Guide (opens in a new window) The 74 December 30, 2025 Read Our Headlines Join the Conversation Stay connected with us on social media to always get the latest from Reading Rockets and be sure to share our free resources! Social Media Links Facebook Pinterest YouTube Subscribe to Our Newsletters Our newsletters offer news and information about reading, writing, learning disabilities, children's books and authors, and national education issues. Read our latest issue: Books for MLK Jr. Day, Reading Interventions, SEL and More (opens in a new window) Sign Up Today Liked it? Share it! Top Visit our sister websites: Start with a Book Read. Explore. Learn! (opens in a new window) Colorín Colorado Helping ELLs Succeed (opens in a new window) AdLit All About Adolescent Literacy (opens in a new window) LD OnLine All About Learning Disabilities and ADHD (opens in a new window) Reading Universe All About Teaching Reading and Writing (opens in a new window) Reading Rockets is a national public media literacy initiative offering free, research-based information and resources on how young kids learn to read, why so many struggle, and how caring adults can help. Contact Us Helpful Links Glossary News Headlines Visit Our Sites AdLit (opens in a new window) Colorín Colorado (opens in a new window) LD OnLine (opens in a new window) Reading Universe (opens in a new window) Start with a Book (opens in a new window) Sign Up for Our Newsletter Email Address * Newsletter Weekly News Blast Copyright © 2025 WETA Washington, D.C. Footer Bottom Menu Privacy Policy Social Media Links Facebook Pinterest YouTube Close