Real Geeks - Real Estate CRM and Website solution. v Who We Help Ambitious Agents Make your mark in the industry faster with affordable solutions & expert guidance. Small, Growing Teams Revolutionize your business with scalable features designed to generate quality leads. Forward-Thinking Brokers Keep your business ahead of the curve with powerful tools to help optimize operations. Featured Resources NAR Resource Center Explore NAR settlement resources & updates View Updates Customer Testimonials Learn why agents love the Real Geeks platform View Testimonials Preview Real Geeks IDX Websites Who We Help Website for Agents IDX Websites Industry Leading Real Estate Websites Property Valuation Tool Provide Value, Generate Leads MoveTo App Property Search App for Your Clients Integrations Unlock the Power of Real Geeks Example Websites See Your Future Website SEO Fast Track AI-Powered Featured in Inman Featured Resources Real Geeks Review Jason Simard of SIMS Real Estate & Coaching Watch Review Client Stories Learn why agents around the country chose our solution View All Testimonials NAR Settlement Resources Website CRM CRM for Real Estate Track, Automate, Close CRM Mobile App Manage Your Business on the Go Real Geeks Dialer New! Built-In Calling for Real Estate Automated Email Drip System Nurture and Convert Your Database SMS Autoresponders Automatically Respond to Leads Facebook Tool Streamline Facebook Advertising Geek AI AI Auto-Engagement Assistant Market Reports Generate More Listings and Buyers Integrations Unlock the Power of Real Geeks Featured Resources Real Geeks Review Susie Ellis of Exp Realty Watch Review Client Stories Learn why agents around the country chose our solution View All Testimonials NAR Settlement Resources CRM Real Estate Leads Pricing About Real Geeks About Us Building Better Tools for Real Estate Agents Careers Advance Your Career in Technology with Us Blog Stay Updated on the Latest Market Trends Support Get the Help You Need to Succeed Refer and Earn Share the Geeks and Start Earning Passive Income Today! /RealEstate Podcast Explore Tips, Tricks, and Tech With Experts Who Walk the Walk Featured Resources Real Geeks Review Greg Harrelson of C21 The Harrelson Group Watch Review Client Stories Learn why agents around the country chose our solution View All Testimonials NAR Settlement Resources Company Log in Get a Demo Log in Get a Demo The all-in-one growth software for ambitious real estate agents. Get a Demo The all-in-one growth software for ambitious real estate agents. Get a Demo Inbound  Leads High-Traffic  website Intuitive  CRM Clear  steps  to  success Big Dreams... No Leads? Let's Fix That. You shouldn't have to struggle to grow your real estate business, no matter how the market is doing. You deserve to maximize your natural talent with systems that support you, so you're always confident in your next move. Get a Demo Big Dreams... No Leads? Let's Fix That. You shouldn't have to struggle to grow your real estate business, no matter how the market is doing. You deserve to maximize your natural talent with systems that support you, so you're always confident in your next move. Get a Demo Get Dialed In — Discover What's New Get Dialed In — Discover What's New "I've done $6.9 million, just from Real Geeks." Kayla C. Palm Beach Gardens, FL "I don't think you're going to find a better platform." Greg S. Nashville, TN & Salt Lake City, UT "Real Geeks is an easy way to scale your business at a very reasonable cost." Jeff Q. Ocean City, NJ "I've done $6.9 million, just from Real Geeks." Kayla C. Palm Beach Gardens, FL "I don't think you're going to find a better platform." Greg S. Nashville, TN & Salt Lake City, UT "Real Geeks is an easy way to scale your business at a very reasonable cost." Jeff Q. Ocean City, NJ Own Your Leads & Manage Them Easily Let's set up your revenue-generating machine: Leads Our lead packages generate hyper-local leads for you, so you always know who to call next. Website We'll provide a personalized home search website so you can own your brand and leads. CRM We'll help you track lead activity, so you share your expertise exactly when leads want it most. Explore Packages and Pricing Own Your Leads & Manage Them Easily Let's set up your revenue-generating machine: Leads Our lead packages generate hyper-local leads for you, so you always know who to call next. Website We'll provide a personalized home search website so you can own your brand and leads. CRM We'll help you track lead activity, so you share your expertise exactly when leads want it most. Explore Packages and Pricing We get what it’s like to dream about 7-figures and feel overwhelmed by the steps to get there. That’s why Real Geeks was started . Your zone of genius is people and homes, not systems and scaling. Let’s build the supercharged lead system that will grow with you. We're here to be your ultimate tech sidekick , so you can do what you enjoy—helping people and closing deals. We get what it’s like to dream about 7-figures and feel overwhelmed by the steps to get there. That’s why Real Geeks was started . Your zone of genius is people and homes, not systems and scaling. Let’s build the supercharged lead system that will grow with you. We're here to be your ultimate tech sidekick , so you can do what you enjoy—helping people and closing deals. Start Your Path to Growth 1 Get a Demo Send us your info for a demo, and we'll call you. 2 See Your Website Sign up and see your personal website live in 2 weeks or less. 3 Grow, Grow, Grow As you consistently track and call your leads, your business will grow (and grow, and grow). Get Your Demo Today Start Your Path to Growth 1 Get a Demo Send us your info for a demo, and we'll call you. 2 See Your Website Sign up and see your personal website live in 2 weeks or less. 3 Grow, Grow, Grow As you consistently track and call your leads, your business will grow (and grow, and grow). Get Your Demo Today Not sure if you need leads? Swipe our playbook instead. Our free PDF guide shows each step to build your network of leads, clients, and confidently fill your months with closed deals. Get Your Playbook 600% Average ROI 13k+ Active Mastermind Members 8000+ Active Users #1 SEO Rankings for IDX Websites 4.5 ★ Average Google Rating 100% Lead Guarantee TM Not sure if you need leads? Swipe our playbook instead. Our free PDF guide shows each step to build your network of leads, clients, and confidently fill your months with closed deals. Get Your Playbook See Why Thousands of Agents Trust Real Geeks Tune in for insider growth tactics every week. YouTube: 21k Subscribers Subscribe Podcast: 2,500+ Streams Subscribe Tune in for insider growth tactics every week. YouTube 21k Subscribers Subscribe Podcast 2,500+ Streams Subscribe Turn On Your Business Growth Engine Start with Real Geeks Enter your info below and we’ll reach out to answer questions and provide you with a personalized Real Geeks demo. 82% of agents never make over 6 figures. Don't rest your dreams on luck and networking. Own your leads, boost your reach, and scale your business step-by-step. Take Control Now All-in-One Real Estate Sales Marketing Solution Contact us! +1 (844) 311-4969 Real Geeks Support Hours: 8 AM-8 PM CST,  Monday-Friday Platform IDX Website Real Geeks Templates Property Valuation Tool Mobile App Automated Email Drip SMS Autoresponders Facebook Tool Market Reports Integrations How We Compare Real Geeks vs BoomTown Real Geeks vs kvCORE Real Geeks vs Luxury Presence Company Demo Pricing Client Testimonials Blog /RealEstate Support About Us Careers Join the Affiliate Program Refer Someone to Real Geeks Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy California Privacy California Consumer Privacy Act CREA Disclaimer Accessibility Vulnerabilities Google Ads Third Party Policy © 2025 Real Geeks. All rights reserved. By submitting any form on this site you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.