Really Simple Security: Simple and Performant WordPress Security Skip to content Pricing Knowledge base Support Pricing Knowledge base Support > Get Pro < Pricing Knowledge base Support Account area > Get Pro < Pricing Knowledge base Support Account area Login Log out Get PRO Simple and performant security for WordPress Really Simple Security delivers essential WordPress security, without sacrificing website performance and user-experience. Pricing How fast are we? We are now Really Simple Security! Read more about our journey. WordPress Hardening Login Protection Vulnerability Management Firewall Visitor Protection SSL Encryption Features 5/5 out 8000+ reviews WordPress Hardening Harden WordPress at its core with the proper presets. WordPress hardening effectively secures your site through a combination of security checks and security through obscurity. File Permissions Check Restrict Admin user creation 15 other powerful hardening features Read more about hardening Login Protection Keep your user accounts safe by protecting the WordPress login page. Enforce a strong password policy with Multifactor Authentication and check for compromised passwords via the Have I been PWND integration. Two-Factor Authentication Limit Login Attempts Password Security Compromised Password Check Read more about login protection Vulnerability Management WordPress is very secure in it’s core. Most threats are introduced by using outdated or ill-developed plugins and themes. The vulnerability scan will warn you if your site contains a vulnerability and can force-update or quarantine affected components. Recurring Vulnerability Scan Email and Dashboard warnings Plugins, Themes or WordPress core Force-update or Quarantine measures Read more about vulnerability management Firewall Really Simple Security includes a performant Firewall that allows to block malicious or unwanted traffic based on IP address, region, User-Agents or exceeding the 404 threshold. Read more about our philosophy regarding Firewalls for WordPress. Region Restrictions IP or Username Blocking 404 Blocking Read more about the firewall Visitor Protection Protect site visitors with Security Headers. These headers act as security instructions for the visitor’s browser to prevent various possible attacks. Really Simple Security also offers a unique learning mode feature for complex headers. A few headers are: HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) Content Security Policy Permissions Policy Referrer Policy Read more about visitor protection SSL Encryption Enforcing SSL and migration to https has been the core of (formerly) Really Simple SSL. As SSL has become a standard, proper SSL configuration is of paramount importance for any website. Enforce SSL Proper 301 redirect to https Automated mixed content fixing SSL server health scan Read more about SSL encryption Best performant plugin Really Simple Security has proven to have the least impact on performance amongst all major security plugins. Read more about performance Always up-to-date Running the latest is of paramount importance when it comes to security. Really Simple Security is well-maintained and frequently updated. Read our changelog Premium Support Best-in-class support has always been our top-priority. Any questions or suggestions? Feel free to reach out! Get Support Really Simple, it's in the name... Our goal is to offer top-notch security features, without the burden of a complicated and time-consuming configuration process. You don’t need to be a security expert to use Really Simple Security, leave that to us! @volunteervillage ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Use it everywhere! I’ve been using this plugin on all of my client’s websites for years and have never had an issue. Thank you for making my job easier! 😉 @gicolek ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great Plugin – Security is a plus I’ve been using this plugin for ages already, across plenty of clients’ sites – on top of that I even use it on my website. @mostapleton ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really Simple is Awesome Really Simple is the perfect name for this plugin. It’s truly really simple. It’s been a totally hassle-free and easy experience. Documentation & Support Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Please log a support ticket so our amazing team can help you out! Instructions Security Features Hardening Security Headers Vulnerabilities Let's Encrypt Troubleshooting Premium Support Join our mailing list - 6 Tips & Tricks in your inbox over the next days! Your Email subscribe Plugins Really Simple Security Complianz SimplyBook.me ©  Really Simple Plugins CoC 70461155 Kalmarweg 14-5 9723 JG, Groningen (NL) Wordpress Linkedin Github Get Started Pricing Knowledge Base Support F.A.Q Account Become an Affiliate About About Us Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms of Use Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure Popular articles Why WordPress is (in)secure Always be ahead of vulnerabilities Harden your website’s security Login protection as essential security Protect site visitors with Security Headers Enable an efficient and performant firewall Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent