Realytics: Leading TV Analytics and Total Video measurement Offers TV & Radio Analytics AdPerformance BEE TV Monitoring References Resources Case studies White papers and studies Events & Webinars FAQ About Our vision The team Join us Press Contact Blog Glossary Demo Log in Select Page REALYTICS The TV digitization adtech. Discover Bee, Video Adtech of the year 2024 Bee measures and compares linear TV campaigns (classic and addressable), BVOD and CTV exposure and online engagement. Audience fragmentation is a reality, and so is unified TV measurement. Discover Brand Exposure and Engagement Home sweet home TV is becoming digital. Seize this opportunity! Contact us Realytics At the core of TV-digital convergence Realytics, with you all the way: Have a clear view of the client's journey, from the TV-viewer to the web visitor Performing in advertising is not only made for digital marketers. Television is also a great drive to web, drive to app and drive to call vector. Realytics’ solutions help you reveal and magnify the value delivered by digital channels, so you can justify and optimize your TV investments! Spot detection TV Thanks to a proprietary spot detection technology at the first second of diffusion, Realytics can link your incremental traffic to each TV spot broadcast. Discover our offer 1 TV performance analysis Realytics measures and analyses the impact of your TV campaigns on various digital channels: web, apps, call centers, sms… Optimize your TV investments based on business and branding indicators. Discover our offer 2 TV segments digital activation Capitalize on your TV investments by making sure you’re converting a highly engaged audience, thanks to our unique TV-visitors identification algorithm. Discover our offer 3 An average +61% incremental traffic after a TV campaign With Realytics Enter the CTV era and the unified measurement of TV campaigns With its TV analytics solutions, Realytics has been contributing to the digitalisation of television for 10 years. We help brands and agencies measure the impact of TV campaigns on advertisers’ websites and mobile applications and optimise media plans based on the data collected. We have analysed more than 6 million commercials in Europe to extract as much value as possible from TV. Today, TV consumption is changing between linear and delinear TV. As streaming grows and develops its audiences, the need to measure all broadcasters, all contexts and all platforms is becoming apparent. We are keeping pace with this development and providing the market with a unified way of measuring the performance of advertising campaigns. Bee, the first holistic measurement platform for TV and CTV campaigns In this changing landscape, Realytics has set out to build Bee, the single source measurement solution for TV campaigns. Bee is positioned as a key tool for measuring the cross-TV distribution channel reach of advertising campaigns, whether in linear TV (national and addressable TV) or CTV (BVOD, AVOD, FAST). Discover Bee Pick Realytics And trust the leader of TV analytics Why Realytics? Realytics has been the TV analytics leader for more than 5 years. Why? Because we keep on revolutionizing the market with innovative solutions based on years of unparalleled data skills, on accompanying our clients in optimizing their TV campaigns and proposing them a unique media and digital expertise. 3 proprietary 
technologies In 5 years of R&D and thanks to a strong data team, Realytics has developed 3 proprietary algorithms: one for TV spot detection in real-time, one for TV-engaged viewers attribution and scoring, and a machine learning technology for our prediction algorithm. Unique TV media 
buying expertise Realytics has chosen a team of media experts specialized in TV buying. They offer their broad experience to agencies and advertisers and deliver them reports and thematic studies. Individual support Realytics has chosen a team of media experts specialized in TV buying. They offer their broad experience to agencies and advertisers and deliver them reports and thematic studies. More than 500 clients trust our services. More references Wall of fame. Tech Solution of the Year 2024 Video AdTech Solution of the Year 2023 Gold Trophy – TV & Digital Measurement & Analysis 2023 Silver Trophy Addressable TV category 2023 Silver Trophy Best Addressable TV campaign 2022 Silver Trophy Data Category 2022 Silver Award Media Category – Audience 2022 Label BPI France Excellence 2020 Online Video Awards Startup of the year 2017 Stratégies – AdTech 15 “Pépites Françaises” 2017 Frenchweb 500 (FW500) 2017 TV & Radio Analytics AdPerformance BEE Brand Effect Digital Follow up TV Monitoring TV Monitoring RESOURCES Case studies White papers and studies Events & Webinars FAQ Blog Glossary Linkedin Facebook Twitter © Copyright 2025 Realytics Legal notices Privacy policy Français English Deutsch Close Close Share This Twitter LinkedIn Facebook