Skip to content
Contact us
Support
Sign in
English
Products
Solutions
Industries
Pricing
Resources
Insights
Download
Buy now
The world's safest
remote access software
Download
Buy Now

Top 50 IT Management Products 2020

Best Software Reviews Platform

Award-winning
remote access

Certifiably
secure

250+ million
downloads worldwide

We have 25+ years
of experience

Secure to the core

Keep your systems safe with full session encryption, granular permission controls, and authentication options that ensure complete control of remote access

Learn more
A single solution for every device

Simplify your setup and consolidate tools with one solution that works across major desktop and mobile operating systems.

Learn more
Customized to your needs

Meet the demands of your business with a highly configurable remote access solution that can be customized to work for you.

Learn more
Fast and reliable connections

Empower everyone with remote access that auto-adjusts to your network speed so your connections are always optimized for the best experience.

Learn more
Our software is used every day by millions of people worldwide to connect to billions of devices
We produce products that require close monitoring 24 hours a day. Having RealVNC remote access software allows us to remotely monitor and fix any problems quickly.

Michael Balon, IT Manager

Boston Valley Terracotta

The remote access capabilities from the RealVNC software makes what we do simpler, we can focus on the operations and the spacecraft and not worry about the connectivity.

Wayne Hobbs, Satellite Control Network Analyst

Telesat Canada

We use RealVNC remote access software pretty much anywhere we can from PCs to servers, to virtual desktops. It’s so light, cost effective and easy to use.

Ben Littleton, Systems and Network Manager

Southern Ohio Medical Center

What are you looking to achieve with RealVNC Connect?

I want to access and manage any
device, from anywhere

I want to customize and enforce security policies for remote access users

Start Free Trial

I want to offer timely assistance
to teams across my business

Trusted by leading IT teams worldwide

Customer Success Stories
BIOTRONIK increases efficiency and customer support with RealVNC Connect
"We can use RealVNC to have a direct connection to the programming device and even take over the control of the device to … have a direct look without any interpretations. It's very easy to establish and a very big help to supporting our customers there and, of course, increasing patient safety."

– Jan Iden, Medical Engineer
Learn more 
REJI
"The fact that RealVNC Connect is compatible with a wide range of operating systems is important for our future growth. With RealVNC Connect, we can monitor a digital sign running on Android, or customer kiosks that have a Windows-based OS. Having the flexibility to work with any system makes it much easier for us to say ‘yes’ to any potential customer."

- Frank Yoder, CEO
Learn more 
Qtrac
“We immediately realized the user interface was much better for us, and much more user friendly for the help desk team. Pretty soon we said, ‘Let's just switch everything to RealVNC.’”

Aleks Nikolovski
Learn more 
100.3 FM
“Being able to operate in two markets is really important for our business. VNC Connect allows us to do this without needing to constantly drive between Timaru to Oamaru. This is a game changer for us.”

James Valentine
Learn more 
MiPi Support
"RealVNC® makes it really easy for me, from virtually anywhere, to use my phone or tablet to look into and fix a problem should something arise."

Matt Ireland, Founder
Learn more 
View more case studies
Start Free Trial

*No credit card required

Built by the creators of VNC® technology, RealVNC® is the most reliable and the most secure remote access solution.
About RealVNC
4.7 stars, 400+ reviews

Top 50 IT Management Products 2020

4.8 stars, 11,700 reviews

Apple App Store 5M+ downloads

4.6 stars, 55,000 reviews

Google Play Store 5M+ downloads

4.5 stars, 100+ reviews

Remote Access & Support Shortlist 2024

Company
About us
Careers
Blog
News
VNC Connect
RealVNC® Connect
Device Access
On-Demand Assist
RealVNC® OEM
Lite
Get Started
Start a trial
Download
Subscriptions and pricing
Partners
Become a Partner
Resellers
Distributors
Partner Portal
Support
Help center
Service status
Contact us

Copyright © 2002-2025 RealVNC® Limited. All rights reserved.
RealVNC®, VNC® and RFB® are trademarks of RealVNC® Limited.

Subscribe to newsletter
Privacy policy
Trademarks
Patents
Refunds
EULAs
How we use cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your user experience.

We use cookies to make the site work, to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Read more about the different cookies we use in our privacy policy. You can continue to the site and accept all cookies. Or you can manage how we use them.


Cookie Settings Accept only necessary Accept All Cookies