National Association of REALTORS® Main menu Close menu REALTOR® Store Contact Pay Dues Main menu Real Estate Topics Open submenu Your resource for all things Real Estate. Including Legal, Agent & Broker, and Property Rights Issues. Membership Open submenu Whether you’re a new agent or an experienced broker you have access to a wide array of resources designed to help you succeed in today's market. Research & Statistics Open submenu Including home buying and selling, commercial, international, NAR member information, and technology. Use the data to improve your business through knowledge of the latest trends and statistics. Advocacy Open submenu NAR is widely considered one of the most effective advocacy organizations in the country. Education Open submenu NAR and its affiliated Institutes, Societies, and Councils offer a wide selection of real estate training options. News & Events Open submenu Stay current on industry issues with daily news from NAR. Network with other professionals, attend a seminar, and keep up with industry trends through events hosted by NAR. About NAR Open submenu The National Association of REALTORS® is an American trade association involved in all aspects of residential and commercial real estate. More Open submenu Close submenu Real Estate Topics Real Estate Topics View All Get the Facts The facts and latest news on NAR's policy updates. For REALTORS®, MLSs, brokers, buyers, and sellers. Marketing MLS & Online Listings Social Media Sales Tips & Techniques View More Being a Real Estate Professional Being a Broker Starting Your Career Being an Agent View More Residential Real Estate Condominiums Smart Growth Vacation, Resort, & 2nd Homes FHA Programs Home Inspections View More Legal Fair Housing Copyright Arbitration & Dispute Resolution View More More Close submenu Membership Membership Right Tools, Right Now All Membership Benefits NAR REALTOR Benefits® Bringing you savings and unique offers on products and services just for REALTORS®. Directories Complete listing of state and local associations, MLSs, members, and more. Dues Information & Payment Become a Member As a member, you are the voice for NAR – it is your association and it exists to help you succeed. Logos and Trademark Rules Only members of NAR can call themselves a REALTOR®. Learn how to properly use the logo and terms. Your Membership Account Review your membership preferences and Code of Ethics training status. Close submenu Research & Statistics Research & Statistics Highlights & News Get the latest top line research, news, and popular reports. Housing Statistics National, regional, and metro-market level housing statistics where data is available. Research Reports Research on a wide range of topics of interest to real estate practitioners. Presentation Slides Access recent presentations from NAR economists and researchers. State & Metro Area Data Affordability, economic, and buyer & seller profile data for areas in which you live and work. Commercial Research Analysis of commercial market sectors and commercial-focused issues and trends. Statistical News Release Schedule Close submenu Advocacy Advocacy Advocacy Issues & News Federal Advocacy From its building located steps away from the U.S. Capitol, NAR advocates for you. REALTORS® Political Action Committee (RPAC) Promoting the election of pro-REALTOR® candidates across the United States. State & Local Advocacy Resources to foster and harness the grassroots strength of the REALTOR® Party. Advocacy Impact Highlighting work to expand housing access and defend property rights. REALTOR® Party A powerful alliance working to protect and promote homeownership and property investment. Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Close submenu Education Education All Education & Professional Development Code of Ethics Training Fulfill your COE training requirement with free courses for new and existing members. Fair Housing Training REALTORS® are required to complete Fair Housing every three years, coinciding with COE training. Real Estate Designations and Certifications Increase your skills, proficiency, and knowledge to help boost your salary and client base. Continuing Education (CE) Meet the continuing education (CE) requirement in state(s) where you hold a license. Online Real Estate Courses Explore certificate courses, leadership and business tools, and affiliate offerings. Library & Archives Offering research services and thousands of print and digital resources. Close submenu News & Events News & Events NAR Newsroom Official news releases from NAR. NAR REALTOR® News Blogs Commentary from NAR experts on technology, staging, placemaking, and real estate trends. Newsletters Stay informed on the most important real estate business news and business specialty updates. NAR NXT, The REALTOR® Experience REALTORS® Legislative Meetings AE Institute C5 + CCIM Global Summit Leadership Week All Events Close submenu About NAR About NAR Mission, Vision, and Diversity & Inclusion Code of Ethics Leadership & Staff National, state & local leadership, staff directories, leadership opportunities, and more. Committee & Liaisons History Founded as the National Association of Real Estate Exchanges in 1908. Affiliated Organizations Policies Governing Documents Code of Ethics, NAR's Constitution & Bylaws, and model bylaws for state & local associations. Awards & Grants Member recognition and special funding, including the REALTORS® Relief Foundation. NAR's Consumer Outreach Close submenu More More View All Top Directories Find a Member Browse All Directories Find an Office Find an Association NAR Group and Team Directory Committees and Directors By Role Broker Association Executive Appraiser State & Local Volunteer Leader Student By Specialty Commercial Global Senior Market Short Sales & Foreclosures Land Green Multimedia Infographics Videos Video Series First-Time Buyer Window to the Law MLS Minute Podcasts Drive With NAR The Advocacy Scoop Real Estate Today Center for REALTOR® Development Programs Fair Housing Safety Leading with Diversity Good Neighbor National Association of REALTORS® Go Go REALTOR® Store Contact Pay Dues Real Estate Topics Real Estate Topics Your resource for all things Real Estate. Including Legal, Agent & Broker, and Property Rights Issues. View All Get the Facts The facts and latest news on NAR's policy updates. For REALTORS®, MLSs, brokers, buyers, and sellers. Close Marketing MLS & Online Listings Social Media Sales Tips & Techniques View More Close Being a Real Estate Professional Being a Broker Starting Your Career Being an Agent View More Close Residential Real Estate Condominiums Smart Growth Vacation, Resort, & 2nd Homes FHA Programs Home Inspections View More Close Legal Fair Housing Copyright Arbitration & Dispute Resolution View More Close More Close Membership Providing Membership Value Whether you’re a new agent or an experienced broker you have access to a wide array of resources designed to help you succeed in today's market. All Membership Benefits NAR REALTOR Benefits® Bringing you savings and unique offers on products and services just for REALTORS®. Close Directories Complete listing of state and local associations, MLSs, members, and more. Close Dues Information & Payment Become a Member As a member, you are the voice for NAR – it is your association and it exists to help you succeed. Close Logos and Trademark Rules Only members of NAR can call themselves a REALTOR®. Learn how to properly use the logo and terms. Close Your Membership Account Review your membership preferences and Code of Ethics training status. Close Close Research & Statistics Market Behavior Including home buying and selling, commercial, international, NAR member information, and technology. Use the data to improve your business through knowledge of the latest trends and statistics. Highlights & News Get the latest top line research, news, and popular reports. Close Housing Statistics National, regional, and metro-market level housing statistics where data is available. Close Research Reports Research on a wide range of topics of interest to real estate practitioners. Close Presentation Slides Access recent presentations from NAR economists and researchers. Close State & Metro Area Data Affordability, economic, and buyer & seller profile data for areas in which you live and work. Close Commercial Research Analysis of commercial market sectors and commercial-focused issues and trends. Close Statistical News Release Schedule Close Advocacy Representing Your Industry NAR is widely considered one of the most effective advocacy organizations in the country. Advocacy Issues & News Federal Advocacy From its building located steps away from the U.S. Capitol, NAR advocates for you. Close REALTORS® Political Action Committee (RPAC) Promoting the election of pro-REALTOR® candidates across the United States. Close State & Local Advocacy Resources to foster and harness the grassroots strength of the REALTOR® Party. Close Advocacy Impact Highlighting work to expand housing access and defend property rights. Close REALTOR® Party A powerful alliance working to protect and promote homeownership and property investment. Close Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Close Close Education Advancing Your Career NAR and its affiliated Institutes, Societies, and Councils offer a wide selection of real estate training options. All Education & Professional Development Code of Ethics Training Fulfill your COE training requirement with free courses for new and existing members. Close Fair Housing Training REALTORS® are required to complete Fair Housing every three years, coinciding with COE training. Close Real Estate Designations and Certifications Increase your skills, proficiency, and knowledge to help boost your salary and client base. Close Continuing Education (CE) Meet the continuing education (CE) requirement in state(s) where you hold a license. Close Online Real Estate Courses Explore certificate courses, leadership and business tools, and affiliate offerings. Close Library & Archives Offering research services and thousands of print and digital resources. Close Close News & Events News & Events Stay current on industry issues with daily news from NAR. Network with other professionals, attend a seminar, and keep up with industry trends through events hosted by NAR. NAR Newsroom Official news releases from NAR. Close NAR REALTOR® News Blogs Commentary from NAR experts on technology, staging, placemaking, and real estate trends. Close Newsletters Stay informed on the most important real estate business news and business specialty updates. Close NAR NXT, The REALTOR® Experience REALTORS® Legislative Meetings AE Institute C5 + CCIM Global Summit Leadership Week All Events Close About NAR Who We Are The National Association of REALTORS® is an American trade association involved in all aspects of residential and commercial real estate. Mission, Vision, and Diversity & Inclusion Code of Ethics Leadership & Staff National, state & local leadership, staff directories, leadership opportunities, and more. Close Committee & Liaisons History Founded as the National Association of Real Estate Exchanges in 1908. Close Affiliated Organizations Policies Governing Documents Code of Ethics, NAR's Constitution & Bylaws, and model bylaws for state & local associations. Close Awards & Grants Member recognition and special funding, including the REALTORS® Relief Foundation. Close NAR's Consumer Outreach Close More Browse by Section View All Top Directories Find a Member Browse All Directories Find an Office Find an Association NAR Group and Team Directory Committees and Directors Close By Role Broker Association Executive Appraiser State & Local Volunteer Leader Student Close By Specialty Commercial Global Senior Market Short Sales & Foreclosures Land Green Close Multimedia Infographics Videos Close Video Series First-Time Buyer Window to the Law MLS Minute Close Podcasts Drive With NAR The Advocacy Scoop Real Estate Today Center for REALTOR® Development Close Programs Fair Housing Safety Leading with Diversity Good Neighbor Close Close Empowering REALTORS® to preserve, protect, and advance the right to real property for all. REALTOR® Code of Ethics Learn more about the "Right by you" campaign Next Latest News & Topics More News NAR Pending Home Sales Report Shows 3.3% Increase in November NAR Existing-Home Sales Report Shows 0.5% Increase in November Sustainable Building Performance Drives CRE Decisions Housing Affordability, Rising Industry Costs Challenge Firms Special Report From the Nov. 17 BOD Meeting NAR Strategic Plan: Strengthen Member Value and Modernize View All News THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 1,200 local and state/territory associations serving REALTORS® and their communities. Find one near you. /directories 117 Years advocating and protecting the rights of property buyers and sellers in the U.S. and around the world. Discover Our History. /about-nar 200,000+ REALTORS® holding subject matter expertise designations & certifications. Learn more. /education/designations-and-certifications 5,000+ Congressional meetings with NAR Advocacy Team and Federal Political Coordinators annually. Learn more about NAR Advocacy. /advocacy Providing REALTORS® a Platform for Success The National Association of REALTORS® is a leading force in organized real estate, dedicated to its members' success. NAR offers you the chance to build your expertise and position yourself as an ethical professional your clients and community can rely on. REALTOR® Code of Ethics Maximize Your Membership Value Explore the expansive array of benefits tailored to your needs and goals. Gain Market Insights Access exclusive market, consumer, and business data. Make Your Voice Heard Learn how NAR represents your interests and how you can get involved. Gain a Competitive Advantage Increase your depth of knowledge to become a top professional in your field. Maximize Your Membership Value NAR provides content, tools, professional development opportunities, and support for your career, whether you are just starting out or an experienced professional. Explore Benefits Membership Get Empowered Use NAR resources and campaigns to help you demonstrate the value of working with a REALTOR®. Get Noticed Detailed property reports, social media content, and other business-building resources exclusively for REALTORS®. Get Savings Membership pays for itself thanks to exclusive savings on personal insurance, technology tools, marketing solutions, and more. Get Connected NAR builds industry innovation by investing in and connecting REALTORS® with companies transforming real estate. Get Empowered Use NAR resources and campaigns to help you demonstrate the value of working with a REALTOR®. Get Noticed Detailed property reports, social media content, and other business-building resources exclusively for REALTORS®. Get Savings Membership pays for itself thanks to exclusive savings on personal insurance, technology tools, marketing solutions, and more. Get Connected NAR builds industry innovation by investing in and connecting REALTORS® with companies transforming real estate. Get Empowered Use NAR resources and campaigns to help you demonstrate the value of working with a REALTOR®. Get Noticed Detailed property reports, social media content, and other business-building resources exclusively for REALTORS®. Get Savings Membership pays for itself thanks to exclusive savings on personal insurance, technology tools, marketing solutions, and more. Get Connected NAR builds industry innovation by investing in and connecting REALTORS® with companies transforming real estate. Get Empowered Use NAR resources and campaigns to help you demonstrate the value of working with a REALTOR®. Get Noticed Detailed property reports, social media content, and other business-building resources exclusively for REALTORS®. Get Savings Membership pays for itself thanks to exclusive savings on personal insurance, technology tools, marketing solutions, and more. Get Connected NAR builds industry innovation by investing in and connecting REALTORS® with companies transforming real estate. Gain Market Insights NAR produces and analyzes a wide range of real estate data that can help guide your business and your clients. Know the Numbers Research & Statistics Research Reports Use market and survey data to forecast trends and plan your business strategy. Housing Statistics NAR tracks activity, sales, and prices at the national, regional, and metro-market level. Commercial Research In-depth analysis and insights on the commercial real estate market, with a focus on multifamily, office, industrial, and retail properties. Research Reports Use market and survey data to forecast trends and plan your business strategy. Housing Statistics NAR tracks activity, sales, and prices at the national, regional, and metro-market level. Commercial Research In-depth analysis and insights on the commercial real estate market, with a focus on multifamily, office, industrial, and retail properties. Research Reports Use market and survey data to forecast trends and plan your business strategy. Housing Statistics NAR tracks activity, sales, and prices at the national, regional, and metro-market level. Commercial Research In-depth analysis and insights on the commercial real estate market, with a focus on multifamily, office, industrial, and retail properties. Research Reports Use market and survey data to forecast trends and plan your business strategy. Housing Statistics NAR tracks activity, sales, and prices at the national, regional, and metro-market level. Commercial Research In-depth analysis and insights on the commercial real estate market, with a focus on multifamily, office, industrial, and retail properties. Make Your Voice Heard One of the most effective advocacy organizations in the country, NAR works for you by advocating for federal, state, and local policy initiatives that strengthen the public's ability and desire to own, buy, and sell real property. Know the Issues Advocacy Federal NAR advocates for policies that foster vibrant real estate markets, support the industry, and protect consumers. State & Local The REALTOR® Party works to advance public policies that promote strong communities, property interests, and a vibrant business environment. Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Federal NAR advocates for policies that foster vibrant real estate markets, support the industry, and protect consumers. State & Local The REALTOR® Party works to advance public policies that promote strong communities, property interests, and a vibrant business environment. Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Federal NAR advocates for policies that foster vibrant real estate markets, support the industry, and protect consumers. State & Local The REALTOR® Party works to advance public policies that promote strong communities, property interests, and a vibrant business environment. Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Federal NAR advocates for policies that foster vibrant real estate markets, support the industry, and protect consumers. State & Local The REALTOR® Party works to advance public policies that promote strong communities, property interests, and a vibrant business environment. Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Gain a Competitive Advantage NAR's career-specific education, deep-dive real estate training, and best practice guidance help members achieve more. Grow Your Expertise Education Code of Ethics The Code ensures that consumers are served by requiring REALTORS® to cooperate in furthering clients' best interests. Designations & Certifications Members can earn and retain specialized credentials that offer extensive benefits, including continuous learning. Commitment to Excellence C2EX empowers REALTORS® to evaluate, enhance, and showcase their highest levels of professionalism. Code of Ethics The Code ensures that consumers are served by requiring REALTORS® to cooperate in furthering clients' best interests. Designations & Certifications Members can earn and retain specialized credentials that offer extensive benefits, including continuous learning. Commitment to Excellence C2EX empowers REALTORS® to evaluate, enhance, and showcase their highest levels of professionalism. Code of Ethics The Code ensures that consumers are served by requiring REALTORS® to cooperate in furthering clients' best interests. Designations & Certifications Members can earn and retain specialized credentials that offer extensive benefits, including continuous learning. Commitment to Excellence C2EX empowers REALTORS® to evaluate, enhance, and showcase their highest levels of professionalism. Code of Ethics The Code ensures that consumers are served by requiring REALTORS® to cooperate in furthering clients' best interests. Designations & Certifications Members can earn and retain specialized credentials that offer extensive benefits, including continuous learning. Commitment to Excellence C2EX empowers REALTORS® to evaluate, enhance, and showcase their highest levels of professionalism. Discover the incredible ways REALTORS® are serving their communities and customers. REALTORS® Are Good Neighbors Building Unity in the Fight Against Hunger REALTOR® Debbie Arakaki, a loyal supporter of the Maui Food Bank, has raised $262,888 since 2015, providing 1.05 million meals. She recently helped create the Maui Pono Foundation to support families and small businesses that lost everything in the Lahaina fire. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/building-unity-in-the-fight-against-hunger Tempering a Community's Trauma In the aftermath of a mass shooting at a 2022 July 4 parade in Highland Park, Ill., REALTOR® Betsy Brint spearheaded the effort to distribute $5.8 million in donations to help her community cope with its collective trauma and find its way forward. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/tempering-a-communitys-trauma Feeding Hearts and Bellies in New Jersey In a span of three years, REALTOR® Karen DeMarco went from serving meals from her driveway to creating a food pantry network that has provided 1,774 tons of food to tens of thousands of people over three counties in New Jersey. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/feeding-hearts-and-bellies-in-new-jersey Empowering Hope by Transforming Kids’ Lives REALTOR® Rick Furnish founded South Dakota Kids Belong to facilitate collaboration between government, faith, business and the creative sector and bring about a stronger foster care system. He also volunteers with Hope Ranch International, which has supported orphans worldwide for more than two decades. Read his story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/empowering-hope-by-transforming-kids-lives The Power of Good(s) REALTOR® Kasia Maslanka co-founded Morningday Community Solutions with the goal of redirecting excess products from businesses to people who need them. Over 13 years, they’ve saved nonprofits $9 million and keep 400 tons of unused products out of landfills every year. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/the-power-of-goods Family Homes Are the Family Business Through Have a Heart Home, Jed Nilson, REALTOR® and owner of Nilson Homes, has volunteered his time, team, labor, and resources to build 15 homes for families in need. These homes are sold at deeply discounted prices to families who could otherwise not afford homeownership. Read his story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/family-homes-are-the-family-business Fighting Breast Cancer Together Breast cancer survivor and REALTOR® Irene Sawyer founded a nonprofit that helps breast cancer patients pay medical bills and purchase mastectomy bras, breast prostheses, and other cancer garments. She’s raised more than $230,000 in donations and personally donated around $200,000 to the organization. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/fighting-breast-cancer-together Changing Lives With Hope In 2003, REALTOR® Sandra Shank opened Hope House as a haven for teenage boys in Florida’s foster care system. For 20 years, she has housed and cared for 300 of the most vulnerable boys and now plans to break ground on an affordable housing project to provide holistic care for troubled families. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/changing-lives-with-hope Seeing Beyond Their Horizons With his wife, Lindsey, REALTOR® Steven Sharpe established Camp Horizon, giving kids with disabilities the opportunity to experience summer camp one weekend each year. Since 2005, the camp has provided 540 children with the opportunity to enjoy the great outdoors. Read his story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/seeing-beyond-their-horizons Bridge to a Purpose-filled Life REALTORS® Anita and Jay Sherley established Life Houses LLC, a nonprofit that houses and mentors at-risk young men and women, helping them build skills and transition to productive, goal-oriented lives of purpose. Read their story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/bridge-to-a-purpose-filled-life Turning Teens Into Champions 2022 Good Neighbor Award winner and REALTOR® MaliVai Washington uses his passion for tennis and kids to create life-changing opportunities for at-risk youth. Read his story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/turning-teens-into-champions From Hunger to Happiness 2022 Good Neighbor Award Winner and REALTOR® Jennifer Barnes fed 10 families at the start of the pandemic. Now, her organization serves 25,000 households, addressing a wide range of community needs. Read her story https://www.nar.realtor/good-neighbor-awards/from-hunger-to-happiness Stay Current on Emerging Market Trends & News Sign up for our daily newsletter ‘Navigate With NAR’ or register to access all NAR newsletters. By subscribing to Navigate With NAR, managed by SmartBrief , you are agreeing to receive one daily email with news, offers, and information from the National Association of REALTORS® and SmartBrief. Visit our Privacy Policy . Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email. Contact Us 1.800.874.6500 Live Chat Member Support is available Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm Central Headquarters 430 N. Michigan Ave Chicago, IL 60611-4087 800-874-6500 DC Office 500 New Jersey Avenue, NW Washington, D.C. 20001-2020 202-383-1000 Follow Us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Newsletters Careers Advertise Reprints Additional Resources for Members & the Public Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Contact Us 1.800.874.6500 Live Chat Member Support is available Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm Central Follow Us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube © 2025 National Association of REALTORS®. All Rights Reserved. Your online presence made easy! (link is external) Back to top