Re:amaze - Customer service, live chat, and helpdesk solutions for online businesses. Explore Features Pricing Developer Integrations Product News Login Try Re:amaze Now Inbox Shared inbox helpdesk for all your support channels. Built for your team. Chat Live chat with automated messaging, chatbots, and video calls for your website or web app. Chatbots Automate every business opportunity with pre-built and custom chatbots. Push Campaigns Increase re-engagement and boost sales with targeted push notification campaigns. AI BETA Leverage the power of AI to help you respond, create, and summarize. FAQ Customizable and embeddable FAQ center to help customers help themselves. Status Page Keep customers informed by alerting them when there’s an incident or outage. Live Get more sales with real time customer activity monitoring and personal messages. AI-Powered Conversations. Happier Customers. Re:amaze is an integrated customer service, live chat, and helpdesk platform for online businesses. Start Re:amaze for free Free 14-day trial. No credit card required Request Demo Show Me Re:amaze helps amazing companies deliver better customer service and customer engagement. Consolidate all your customer support channels and respond faster than ever before. ONE SEAMLESS CUSTOMER HELPDESK Re:amaze combines email, live chat, video call, social media, mobile SMS, VoIP, and push notification conversations seamlessly so your support team can focus on creating amazing customer experiences. Collaborate with teammates using assignments, notes, and shared views. Automate common tasks using machine learning and create macros with natural language so customer messages never slip through the cracks. MANAGE MULTIPLE BUSINESSES IN ONE PLACE Easily manage your customer conversations from multiple storefronts or websites, whether you have one or one hundred. Our full featured helpdesk will help you look professional and maximize efficiency. Jeff Newman Co-Founder and CMO at BuiltBar The difference between what we had before Re:amaze and now has been incredible. Re:amaze has truly reinvented our customer service model, and in amazing ways. Read Case Study Attract and convert more customers using AI chat features. Start the Conversation Send automated and targeted messages to customers for better engagement using Cues. Help Customers Faster Chat with customers in real-time, even when you're not at your desk. Set customizable Office Hours to manage expectations. Use AI to instantly suggest full replies, improve your drafted messages, and generate quick responses or templates, ensuring your team can provide faster, more consistent support. Chatbots can also assist with common questions. Customer Interactions at your Fingertips Preview customer's message as they type so you're always a step ahead. Use our unique Peek functionality to co-browse. Olga Animatron What we love about Reamaze is the fact that it helps us provide better support to our customers. It's easy to keep track of the conversations that our team is involved in and give timely replies to all the questions. Without Reamaze, it would be cumbersome to manage all our communication channels. Transform your customer support with AI-powered tools and insights. AI-POWERED SUPPORT FOR FASTER ANSWERS Help customers find answers faster with AI-powered suggestions and article creation. AI can automatically suggest relevant FAQs, assist in drafting new articles, and analyze conversations to provide useful insights. SMARTER CONVERSATIONS WITH AI ASSISTANCE Let AI assist with customer replies, summarize long conversations, and gauge sentiment to improve response quality. With AI handling repetitive tasks, your team can focus on more complex inquires. Know your customers. Empower your team with real time customer data. Live Dashboard Monitor customers’ browsing activity, shopping data, and geolocation on your site and message them directly. Customer Data Insights View custom profile data about your customers when they chat with your team. Use AI to instantly scan for conversation sentiment and generate concise summaries, ensuring agents have the complete context at a glance. Automatically pull data from 3rd party apps or integrate your own app data via our SDK. Davis Printful We’ve grown with Reamaze from just 1 operator to almost 30 now. We joined because of the simplicity and stayed for how they continue to execute on new stuff. Educate Customers with built-in Help Centers and FAQs. Customizable and Branded for your Business Offer your customers organized self-service support with rich topics and articles. Drastically reduce content creation time with AI-powered article generation, giving you instant drafts to refine and publish. Embeddable or Self-Hosted Your FAQ can be displayed as a Help Site on the domain of your choice, embedded inline on your existing website, displayed within Chat, and used to power your Re:amaze chatbots. Adam Ellusionist Reamaze has fundamentally changed how we interact with our customers and the speed with which we support them. It offers us central place to track all customer issues and inquiries and the tight integration with all of our existing systems had us up and running in a matter of minutes. All the bells and whistles to impress customers. Re:amaze is loaded with awesome features to help you succeed. Cues Proactively engage customers with messages and calls to action based on automated triggers and rules. Contact Forms Customizable contact forms with dependent fields for your app or website. Automate form responses with Workflows. Satisfaction Surveys Measure and gauge your team's effectiveness with automated qualitative and quantative surveys. Workflows Automate common workflows with custom triggers on incoming conversations. Quick Answers Use response templates and searchable FAQ articles to respond to your customers quickly. Tags Create tags as an admin or add tags on the fly for better organization and intuitive automation. Role Permissions Customizable roles and permissions for each agent ensures dashboard privacy and admin controls. Peek Frictionless co-browsing to get a peek at your customers' roadblocks in real time. Team Presence See when your team is viewing and replying to customer conversations. Office Hours Set your office hours, vacation days, and individual staff shifts to ensure customers never get left in the dark. Reporting Stay on top of your conversation volume and response times with built in reporting features. Multibrand Manage multiple support sites for multiple brands in one Re:amaze account. Re:amaze Mobile helps you keep customers close while on the go. Available on iOS and Android Re:amaze is mobile ready for your team so you can always impress customers with a few taps. Download our mobile apps and receive push notifications for direct messaging with customers while you're on the go. Integrate your favorite apps to keep your team running in sync and on point. Unite your team Got a unique workflow? We've got an app for that. Reamaze works with the tools your team already loves so you don't have to change. Simply connect and bring Reamaze with you. See all Re:amaze Integrations Build your own Integrate with your own data backend by building a custom data module within your support dashboard. Kat Moviepilot In order to optimize communication with over 30 million fans, we required a tool which would seamlessly integrate all of our channels into one manageable interface. Reamaze solved that problem for us. Let's get started Start with the 14 Days Free Trial , then you will be able to pick a plan in your account settings. Start Re:amaze Free. Go for it! Request a Demo Still unsure? Contact our support team to get more details. We're happy to simplify things even more. Join thousands of teams using Reamaze to impress customers. Find out how with a free account. Get Started - It's Free! Navigation Pricing Sign Up Log In About Help Developer Developer Home Embed SDK Mobile SDK Custom Module SDK JSON API Reference Other Links Book a Demo Feature Update Blog Re:amaze Publication Re:amaze Case Studies Resources and Books Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Credits Compare Re:amaze Industries Helpdesk for SaaS and Web Apps Live Chat for eCommerce Helpdesk for Education Live Chat for Travel and Hospitality Integrations Re:amaze for Shopify Re:amaze for Bigcommerce Re:amaze for WordPress Re:amaze for Stripe Re:amaze for Slack Re:amaze for Jira Re:amaze for Aircall Re:amaze for Pipedrive Re:amaze for Zapier Re:amaze for JustCall Re:amaze for RingCentral All Re:amaze Integrations Mobile Mobile App for iOS Mobile App for Android Social Reamaze on Facebook @reamaze on Twitter @reamaze on Instagram Reamaze on YouTube Company Re:amaze is handcrafted with care in San Jose, California. Do not sell my personal information support@reamaze.com © 2025 Re:amaze We use cookies to deliver website functionality and analytics as described in our cookie policy . By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK × Create your free Re:amaze account Sign up with email Sign up with Google Sign up with Microsoft Already have a Re:amaze account? Sign in Request a Demo ×