Home :: REANNZ Skip to main content Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Member Portal Live Weather Map Live Service Status Search REANNZ Products and Services Products and Services REANNZ develops and supports a range of products and services to support the specialist needs of our members in the R&E and innovation community. High performance computing and data analytics eduroam FileSender Consultancy Training Managed Access and Edge (MAE) MAE Lite & Hyperfibre Cloud Connect The Network The Network We operate NZ's national research and education network and seamlessly connect with 120+ networks globally to enable researchers to collaborate. REANNZ Network Guiding principles of the REANNZ network Membership Membership REANNZ is proud to support the specialist needs of our members from NZ's research, education and innovation community. Why join REANNZ? Who uses REANNZ? REANNZ Members Case Studies About REANNZ About REANNZ Find out more about who REANNZ is, what we do and the people that operate New Zealand’s national research and education network. REANNZ / What we do Our People NRENs Publications Careers News and Events Contact Us We’re connectors, linked by  a powerful invisible network. We connect Kiwi researchers with each other, and with the world. And we foster innovation by connecting ideas and expertise. News from REANNZ December 10 Dec 2025 News The December newsletter from REANNZ is now available. 2025 Annual Report published 01 Dec 2025 News REANNZ is pleased to provide its annual report for the year ended 30 June 2025. Yo… Request for Information - AI Infrastructure Platform 24 Nov 2025 News REANNZ has launched an ambitious plan for the creation of an AI Infrastructure Platfo… REANNZ ready to connect members into AWS New Zealand region 19 Nov 2025 News REANNZ is now able to provide its members local AWS Direct Connect services in the ne… Case Study Faster to the scene: Saving lives with smarter ambulance response Researchers are using the REANNZ HPC platform to develop a machine learning algorithm that could improve ambulance dispatch services. View case study About REANNZ Find out more about the team that operate New Zealand’s NREN. Researchers How does the network support research collaboration? Services What tools and services are available to REANNZ members? Network What makes REANNZ a National Research and Education Network? Network issues 0508 466 466 help@reannz.co.nz Live Service Status General enquiries 04 913 1090 info@reannz.co.nz Connect with us LinkedIn Privacy Terms & Conditions © 2026 Research and Education Advanced Network New Zealand Toggle navigation Member Portal Live Weather Map Live Service Status Search REANNZ Products and Services The Network Membership Case Studies About REANNZ News and Events Contact Us Back Products and Services REANNZ develops and supports a range of products and services to support the specialist needs of our members in the R&E and innovation community. High performance computing and data analytics eduroam FileSender Consultancy Training Managed Access and Edge (MAE) MAE Lite & Hyperfibre Cloud Connect Back The Network We operate NZ's national research and education network and seamlessly connect with 120+ networks globally to enable researchers to collaborate. REANNZ Network Guiding principles of the REANNZ network Back Membership REANNZ is proud to support the specialist needs of our members from NZ's research, education and innovation community. Why join REANNZ? Who uses REANNZ? REANNZ Members Back About REANNZ Find out more about who REANNZ is, what we do and the people that operate New Zealand’s national research and education network. REANNZ / What we do Our People NRENs Publications Careers Close search Search Find anything about our products, services, and more. Enter a query in the search input above.