REAPER | Audio Production Without Limits DOWNLOAD REAPER VERSION 7.57: December 23, 2025 PURCHASE cost: not so much DOWNLOAD USER GUIDE essential reading RESOURCES Language Packs Themes REAPER Stash SWS REAPER Extension ReaPack Package Manager The (unofficial) REAPER Blog customize, modify, extend VIDEOS watch and learn FORUM discuss, share, learn This is REAPER. REAPER is a complete digital audio production application for computers, offering a full multitrack audio and MIDI recording, editing, processing, mixing and mastering toolset. REAPER supports a vast range of hardware, digital formats and plugins, and can be comprehensively extended, scripted and modified. Do Anything REAPER's full, flexible feature set and renowned stability have found a home wherever digital audio is used: commercial and home studios, broadcast, location recording, education, science and research, sound design, game development, and more. From mission-critical professional environments to students' laptops, there is a single version of REAPER, fully featured with no artificial limitations. You can evaluate REAPER in full for 60 days. A REAPER license is affordably priced and DRM-free. Constant Evolution A new REAPER 7 license includes unlimited free updates through REAPER version 8.99. Frequency varies, but updates are typically released every few weeks. These updates include bug fixes, feature improvements, and significant new features, all of which are free. Updates only take a minute or so. All preferences and configurations are preserved, and forward and backward compatibility are maintained. Feature Highlights Efficient, fast to load, and tightly coded. Can be installed and run from a portable or network drive. Powerful audio and MIDI routing with multichannel support throughout. 64-bit internal audio processing. Import, record to, and render to many media formats, at almost any bit depth and sample rate. Thorough MIDI hardware and software support. Support for thousands of third-party plug-in effects and virtual instruments, including VST, VST3, LV2, AU, CLAP, DX, and JS. Hundreds of studio-quality effects for processing audio and MIDI, and built-in tools for creating new effects. Automation, modulation, grouping, VCA, surround, macros, OSC, scripting, control surfaces, custom skins and layouts. A whole lot more. REAPER 7.57: REAPER 7.0 contains many under-the-hood optimizations and improvements, in addition to the many items listed in the full changelog . As always, we will continue to introduce improvements, optimizations, fixes, and major new features throughout the version 7 release cycle. Render fix embedding loudness metadata consistently fix possible blank areas in render when rendering or freezing multiple overlapping sections (7.37 regression) • fix potentially incorrect file auto-incrementing when rendering multiple file formats and rendering stereo/multichannel to separate mono files ... Media explorer add rewind/home button fix playback rate adjustment for MIDI preview fix tempo-matching and playback rate adjustment for REX preview ... Import fix folder track generation with media in subfolders with common names preserve original file order when importing multiple files at once via drag/drop • MIDI preserve newlines and other non-printable characters in text events support adding and editing multi-line text events more... New in Version 7 Track Lanes: Use lanes to manage takes, layer sounds, assemble alternate track versions, or store playlists. Track lanes can be used as a creative tool, an organizational aid, or both at the same time. Swipe Comping: Select the best parts of multiple takes to create one ideal composite take, or multiple alternative composites. A highly flexible new system that supports one-click A/B comparison, customizable crossfades, recording and editing media while comping, and even building comps from other comps. FX Containers and Parallel Routing: Build, store, and recall self-contained FX chains, including complex routing and configurable parameter mapping. Route multiple plug-ins (including FX containers) in parallel. More Track Channels and MIDI I/O: Tracks support up to 128 channels each; MIDI routing supports up to 128 buses; hardware support for up to 128 MIDI input and 128 MIDI output devices. As always, there are no limits on track counts, sends/receives, FX, ReaScripts, etc. Keyboard/Mouse Overrides: Switch between multiple sets of fully customizable keyboard shortcuts and/or mouse modifier behaviors. Instantly change keyboard and mouse setups for different workflow contexts for simplicity and efficiency. Usability Improvements: Customizable track spacers; arrange view zoom/scroll improvements; MIDI editor CC lane vertical zoom/scroll and pitchwheel snap; MIDI editor coloring improvements; customizable animated toolbar buttons; configuration import/export improvements. And That's Not All: Plug-in gain reduction metering; ARA edit pooling; video support in background projects; video colorspace improvements; import/export support for raw PCM (.sd2) file formats; up to 48 customizable floating toolbars; JSFX compile-time macros and configurable parameters; and hundreds of other refinements and improvements. Added Since Version 6.0 REAPER development is constant and ongoing. Below are a few of the major features added in the 80+ free REAPER updates between versions 6.0 and 7.0. Razor Edits: Surgically cut, split, move, copy, or stretch sections of media and automation envelopes individually or together. ReaLimit: A new brickwall limiter and loudness maximizer plug-in, featuring multiple look-ahead modes, visual peaks display, and a clean, clear sound. ReaSurroundPan: A new 3D surround panner plug-in, featuring multiple room views, intuitive mouse-friendly interface, channel grouping macros, and fully customizable channel/speaker setups. Render Statistics and Loudness Measurement: Generate an interactive, shareable, graphical HTML render loudness and clipping report for every render, including stem renders, region renders, and fast 'dry run' renders that produce a render report without writing media to disk. View real-time render statistics while rendering. Retroactive MIDI Recording: Import played MIDI after the fact, even if track recording was not set up or armed. Track Edit Grouping: Group tracks for media/razor edits, including support for up to 64 separately configurable groups with customizable leader track/follower track support. New Pitch Shift, Time Stretch, and Resampling Modes: New built-in polyphase synthesis pitch shift/time stretch modes, and built-in support for Voxengo's high quality r8brain-free sample rate converter. LV2, CLAP Plugins: Full support for LV2 and CLAP open-source, permissively licensed plug-in formats, on all OS platforms (Windows, macOS, and linux). FX Auto-Bypass, Oversampling, Multi-Mono, Multi-Stereo: Customizable per-FX auto-bypass, to disable processing when the input is silent. Per-FX and per-FX-chain oversampling, to oversample any plug-in up to 768 kHz. ReaPlug support for multi-mono and multi-stereo processing modes. Etc, etc, etc: Per-track customizable LUFS loudness metering; second-pass rendering; multi-core batch conversion; multi-core peaks calculation; per-FX delta solo setting; new JSFX LUFS Loudness Meter; new JSFX Multichannel Mapper-Downmixer; improved metadata support; extensive Media Explorer improvements; vastly improved native video support; and hundreds of other feature improvements and bug fixes. • Home Company Reviews Radio About Technical Download Old Versions Language Packs ReaPlugs Purchase Lost License Distribution Developer Theme Development Custom Cursors JSFX Programming ReaScript Extensions SDK Extensions to VST SDK OSC Language Pack Template Resources User Guide Videos Stash Forum