reCaptcha Secure your Wordpress and other CMS hosting Advanced brute-force protection using Re-captcha to block bad bots. Our service prevents overloading of your webserver by sterilizing each request to you vulnerable CMS files. What is Captcha Captcha prevents false login in your cms sites like WordPress, joomla and drupal, etc. It uses google re-captcha with automated technologies to identify the user. Advanced security It decide whether the user is a bot or human, without providing challenges to complete. Creation of Value Human bandwidth applied to get benefit to everyone anywhere in the world. Easy to Use Subscribe or purchase our rules automatically install captcha to CMS sites. What captcha do ? Advanced Bruteforce protection Real-time intrution prevention Fast bot recognition through an infinite set of IP collection Vulnerability fix in CMS like WordPress, Joomla and Drupal etc. How it works in our sites? Loading user login page. Redirect the user to Malware.expert captcha verification page. User verified by re-captcha analytics by google and decide the user is human or not. If the user is a human, it loads the login page to login otherwise stop execution with captcha page. Sign Up Now Try Free for 1 month Sign Up with Malware expert and start testing our ModSecurity Rules now. Captcha verification activated with Signup.If they are not working as expected or you just want to cancel the subscription, you can do so anytime! CREATE AN ACCOUNT Trusted By Get Started Now! You can now test ModSecurity rules for FREE for 1 month!. Sign Up and enjoy Captcha security with it. If they are not working as expected or you just want to cancel the subscription, you can do so anytime. CREATE AN ACCOUNT About Malware.expert Commercial ModSecurity Rules for use it ModSecurity or compatible Web Application Firewalls (WAF) and gives special tips for protection against malware attacks, namely bot network attacks. Social Media Copyright © 2020 Malware.Expert - All rights reserved Modal Header × youtubeembedcode.com/en/ addlink-exchange youtubeembedcode de Add-link-exchange