Subscriptions & Recurring Payments for Ecommerce - Recharge Skip to content Skip to footer Login Get started Platform Subscriptions Customer portal Churn prevention Upsell & cross-sell Bundles Analytics Loyalty Rewards Referrals Support Concierge SMS Integrations Solutions Shopify The proven platform pairing behind $30B+ in recurring revenue. Top Industries Health & Wellness Food & Beverage Beauty & Personal Care Home & Pet Digital Subscriptions Meal Kits Pricing Resources Resources Case studies Blog Events Partnerships Changelog Support & documentation Help Center API Developer Hub Full documentation Enterprise Enterprise solutions For enterprise Developer Hub Recharge API JavaScript SDK Security & compliance Shopify Hydrogen Login Get started The world’s leading subscription platform Powering 71% of subscriptions sold on Shopify stores. Get started We’re relentless in pushing our product forward 104 major updates in the last year. Engineered to keep subscribers longer. Built on three unshakeable pillars The founding principles that have guided us from day one. Hands-on partnership More than a platform. Our team works directly with yours to manage and scale your subscription program. Learn more about a hands-on partnership with Recharge Relentless product innovation No one ships faster. In the last year, we’ve launched over 150 products and updates to help you stay ahead. Learn more about relentless product innovation at Recharge Proven performance Over 100M subscribers. Built to perform at scale and trusted by the best in ecommerce. Learn more about the proven performance of Recharge Hands-on partnership Guidance at every step From migration to your next milestone, seamless onboarding and award-winning support help you hit every goal with confidence. $ 1 B+ Processed per month 95 %+ Customer satisfaction Relentless product innovation Easily start, scale, and manage your subscription business 10x faster innovation , powered by the biggest team in subscription commerce. Win them over Subscriptions Turn shoppers into subscribers with no-code tools, predictive analytics, and churn prevention that keep customers from day one. Learn more about subscriptions powered by Recharge Keep them coming back Loyalty Drive loyalty through personalized rewards, referrals, and engagement tools built to keep your brand top of mind. Learn more about how Recharge fosters merchant loyalty Serve them better Support Deliver service at scale with customizable portals, proactive order emails, and AI-powered Concierge SMS. Learn more about AI-powered Concierge SMS Proven performance Make more money on Recharge With intelligent recommendations and data you can act on, Recharge helps you focus on what drives results. 11 % Higher subscriber conversion 3 x Increase in shopper LTV with Recharge “Recharge gives us a best-in-class solution with predictable spend, freeing up our resources and attention so we can focus on our core oral wellness mission.” Meredith Glansberg CEO, quip “We value every partnership, but Recharge stands out for the exceptional customer value and hands-on support that show they truly prioritize our shared growth.” Shizu Okusa Founder & CEO, Apothékary Engineered to give you control Unlock endless customizations with our robust API and SDK, empowering you to tailor every detail to match your one-of-a-kind subscription vision. Explore the docs Made for Shopify $42B in GMV and counting. The most innovative Shopify brands run on Recharge. Learn more about the force multiplier of Shopify x Recharge Backed by an ecosystem Leverage a vast partner network to connect your business and optimize your subscription lifecycle. Agency partners Technology partners Powering the leading brands in every vertical Health & Wellness Food & Beverage Beauty & Personal Care Home & Pet Digital Subscriptions Meal Kits Partner with the best Talk to us Close modal form Talk to us Platform Subscriptions Revenue tools Customer intelligence Why Recharge? Integrations SMS Pricing Churn prevention Upsell & cross-sell Enterprise Resources Resource Library Case studies Merchant HQ Ecommerce glossary Ecommerce Unpacked Help Center Developer Hub Trust Center Recharge status Company About us Careers Events Press room Culture blog Recharge Cares Merchant spotlight Legal Terms of service API Terms Privacy policy DPA Cookie policy Vulnerability reporting Partners Find an agency Partner ecosystem Agency Partner login Tech Partner login What's up at Recharge? Sign up for our monthly newsletter full of the latest in DTC and subscription trends, industry insights, and Recharge news. Copyright © 2014-2025 Privacy policy Terms of service Sitemap Santa Monica, CA Sign up for Recharge Close modal form