Recko.io Home Customers Company Get Product Updates Recko has joined Stripe. Stay tuned for further product updates. Read blog Customers Company About Us How and why we built Recko Careers Build the future of finance with us Get Product Updates HOME The Finance Operations Platform for fast growing Internet Companies Comprehensive and robust technology stack to manage financial data and enable financial workflows such as Reconciliation, Commission calculation, Payout creation and reporting, for businesses to track, manage and account money end to end. Get Product Updates Join the industry leaders who are using Recko Products we offer Reconciliation Bring in the new-age accuracy,
efficiency and speed to your
financial operations. Commission Calculation Automate your entire fee calculation process and monitor payment SLAs with external parties. Payout Integrate seamlessly with payment partners to disburse payments to suppliers and vendors. Recko for product teams Refrain building tech-stacks that diverge from your core offering Refrain building tech-stacks that diverge from your core offering Launch faster with a battle-tested financial operations tech-stack Go-live in a week with minimal engineering effort No lock-in periods, pay as you use Seamless and slick user interface to get the team started quickly Ad-hoc changes for new business use cases and never-ending tech-debt? Ad-hoc changes for new business use cases and never-ending tech-debt? Don't reinvent the wheel, scale your fin-ops tech-stack with agility Easily expand product capabilities into new business verticals, new markets and products you launch PCI DSS v3.2.1 compliant and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified. Regular VAPT to wipe out any vulnerability Provide a platform which can scale for 10X growth in volume and complexity Your business is safe with us AICPA Security Compliance AICPA Security Compliance ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certified ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certified 256-bit Encryption 256-bit Encryption Recko for finance teams Simplify your finance operations with trust and reliability Simplify your finance operations with trust and reliability Manage large and complex transaction volumes without breaking a sweat Automate complex financial operations to easily manage revenue reconciliations, commission calculations and identify leakages Import data from any internal or external systems and apps like Gmail with secure API, excel, CSV, etc. quickly Eliminate error-prone manual data massaging and endless VLOOKUPs Excel sheets not letting you excel in your work? Excel sheets not letting you excel in your work? Recover lost money and eliminate manual errors that occur with volumes View aged orders, payables, receivables, commissions into and out of your account in real-time Use real-time intuitive analytics to understand how much you owe, are owed and have earned. Eliminate write-offs and cash-loss Readily available financial data to accommodate reporting, audit, diligence and analysis Built for multiple consumer-tech categories Ecommerce Foodtech Healthtech Edtech Gaming Entertainment Travel Fintech Exceeding the demands of global digital businesses $5 Billion + Total amount of transactions processed 50 Million + Average transactions processed every month > 99.5% Uptime on AWS cloud 7 Million + Row items per hour ingestion capability Modernize your finance operations today Recko tracks and analyzes financial transactions, revenue receivables, payables and contract discrepancies with 100% accuracy. Get Product Updates Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Company Customers Careers Contact Us contact@recko.io Checkout us at linkedin Contact Us contact@recko.io Checkout us at linkedin copyright © 2022 Recko Inc. All Rights Reserved.