Reclaim Hosting – Take Control of your Digital Identity Envelope Mastodon Youtube Rss Getting Started Products Domain of One’s Own Managed Hosting ReclaimEDU Reclaim Cloud Professional Services Reclaim EdTech Shared Hosting Community Event Calendar Reclaim Community Reclaim TV Forums Discord News Roundup Newsletter Reclaim the Blog About Meet The Team Careers Testimonials Support Applications FAQ Migration Project Assistance Support Documentation Contact Us Client Area Login Menu Getting Started Products Domain of One’s Own Managed Hosting ReclaimEDU Reclaim Cloud Professional Services Reclaim EdTech Shared Hosting Community Event Calendar Reclaim Community Reclaim TV Forums Discord News Roundup Newsletter Reclaim the Blog About Meet The Team Careers Testimonials Support Applications FAQ Migration Project Assistance Support Documentation Contact Us Client Area Login Take Control of your Digital Identity Reclaim Hosting provides institutions and educators with an easy way to offer their students domains and web hosting that they own and control. SIGN UP NOT TO SURE WHERE TO START? Take Control of your Digital Identity Reclaim Hosting provides institutions and educators with an easy way to offer their students domains and web hosting that they own and control. Sign Up Not sure where to start? Announcement 2026 Product Improvements & Pricing Adjustments As part of our ongoing commitment to providing reliable, secure, and high-quality hosting services, we are implementing pricing updates for our Domain of One’s Own, Managed Hosting, and Shared Hosting plans, effective January 1, 2026. Pricing Updates Looking for a reliable, affordable, and easy web hosting solution for your institution? Our hosting services for organizations and businesses are designed with educational institutions in mind. Your students, faculty, or staff will have domains in a matter of seconds and you can rest easy knowing you’ll have world-class support for any needs you or your stakeholders may have. Learn More Supporting over 100 institutions including: Previous Next View All Institutions What Our Customers Say "We wanted exceptional support and reliable services, and a partner that could offer us guidance in our endeavor.  The solution we needed has been delivered by Reclaim Hosting. [We] signed up for DoOO in May 2015 and have no plans to make any changes." LaNeta Counts Associate Vice President of Technology | Agnes Scott College "Reclaim Hosting has not only been an excellent partner for our technical needs but has also played a major role in nurturing a community of practice we now engage in that critically considers the future of the web." Adam Croom Director of the Office of Digital Learning | University of Oklahoma "At an important level, the educational mission of Reclaim aligns with our interests in organizing educational life in ways that actively value voice and agency. Domain of One's Own is a human, not a tech, endeavor. Therefore, support from Reclaim is a human relationship." Lora Taub-Pervizpour Associate Dean for Digital Learning | Muhlenberg College Read more testimonials and explore real world success stories in our Case Studies here A Domain of One's Own Our premier offering, Domain of One’s Own (DoOO), provides at-scale cPanel web hosting that can be customized and administered for students, faculty, and staff. End users login quickly with their campus credentials and can be up and running with a domain of their choosing in a matter of seconds. See why over 100 institutions use this service: Tech Forward Our servers use fast and redundant hard drives with plenty of memory and CPU power to make your sites fly. Built on with the industry-standard cPanel management console, you have all the tools you need to build great things on a dedicated, scalable server environment for a starting group of 500 accounts. Real Support. Real Security. You’re never just a number with Reclaim Hosting. Our real people respond in under an hour—guaranteed—and are ready to help with any part of your project. With top-tier security, proactive monitoring, and regular updates, your sites and data stay safe and sound. 150+ Apps Your users don’t have to be programmers to build their own site. With a software library of over 150 applications including WordPress, Omeka, Drupal and more, our automated installer makes it dead simple to experiment and build out amazing websites. Real Support. Real Security. You’re never just a number with Reclaim Hosting. Our real people respond in under an hour—guaranteed—and are ready to help with any part of your project. With top-tier security, proactive monitoring, and regular updates, your sites and data stay safe and sound. Learn More about Domain of One's Own Here Wondering what else we offer? Take a look at our other options! Every school, community, and person has a different set of needs and requirements in order to manage their projects. So whether you’re dealing with 1 site or 10,000 sites, Reclaim Hosting can help. Read the brief descriptions of our products below, and then take our quiz to determine what makes sense for you or your institution. Managed Hosting Power your growing WordPress Multisite and other larger projects with a company that is a leader in web hosting for higher education. Learn More about our Managed Hosting solutions here. Shared Hosting Plans Reasonably priced hosting plans for individuals. A lot of power packed in an affordable package whether you’re just getting started or you’re a seasoned veteran of the web. See our Shared Hosting plans here. Reclaim Could Reclaim Cloud is Reclaim Hosting’s scalable, container-based platform—perfect for everyone from solo builders running a quick Docker project to institutions seeking pay-as-you-go infrastructure. Learn More about Reclaim Cloud here. Let us make a recommendation Stay connected and never miss an update with Reclaim Hosting! Stay up to date with all happenings at Reclaim Hosting , including the latest in Case Studies, Podcast episodes, Support documentation, Workshop events, Tech/software updates, and more! (Also it goes without saying, but we promise not to spam you). © 2025 Reclaim Hosting L.L.C. Careers Terms of Service Privacy Refund Policy Code of Conduct Accessibility Legal Menu Careers Terms of Service Privacy Refund Policy Code of Conduct Accessibility Legal