Product
Case Studies
Pricing
Resources
Company
Sign In
Request Demo
Start Free
THE NEXT-GEN
AI Recommendations and Search

Become the architect of your success with our AI personalization engine designed to align with the visionary strategy of product managers and tech teams.

Start FreeRequest Demo
and 10,000+ other sites and apps.
Empower your Platform with AI Personalization

Explore feature-rich Recommender & Search solution tailored for your unique use case.

Video
E-commerce
Articles, News, Media
Deal Aggregators
Music, Podcasts
Real Estate
P2P Marketplaces
Travel, Trips
Job Boards, HR, Networking
Other Industries
VIDEO PERSONALIZATION
Boost Engagement With Real-time Video Recommendations

Become your user’s favorite platform! Employ personalization software and add to your watch time and create a foundation of loyal viewers.

Explore More
Watch Demo
Apply for
Fully Personalized Homepage
Similar Movies/Series
Editors’ Picks For You
Search Movies/Series
Personalized Emailing
Watch Next
and a lot more...
Personalization Powerhouse
Recommendations

Match your user’s tastes with real-time personalized recommendations across all platforms - website, app, or email.

Increase your KPIs by choosing an ensemble of models tuned for your use case. Explore more
Recommend anything from individual products or content to categories, brands, or even order of rows on your homepage. Explore more
Enjoy cutting-edge improvements in the field thanks to our successful research
Explore Recommendations
Search

Enhance your search capabilities by taking into account the user’s behavioral data.

Personalize search results for each user
Boost specific content or products in the results according to your business needs
Search in a variety of languages, even with typos
Explore Search
Real-Time Analytics & Insights

Take a deep dive into your data using our advanced real-time analytics tool called Insights within the Recombee Admin UI.

Understand how users interact with the recommendations and your product in general
Choose from a library of analytical views or create your graphs and reports
Using the analytical data, adjust the rules and let the recommender engine follow your product vision
Explore Insights
Watch How Personalization Works
Content Recommendations
Product Recommendations
Explore Content Recommendations
Why Companies Choose Recombee
Explore Success Stories
Christoph Haas
EVP Product & Platform Engineering at DAZN
At DAZN, being the Global Home of Sports means delivering the right matches, highlights, and moments to audiences in 200+ markets - bringing fans even closer to the live game. That’s why we’ve teamed up with Recombee to personalize experiences at scale. Their tech enables us to connect each viewer on any device with the right game or clip in real time through flexible solution built for growth. This partnership sets the pace for a smarter, more connected global sports experience.
Full Control

Follow your product vision by setting specific behavior for each box with recommendations.

Choose the behavior of the model, what can be recommended, and what shall be boosted
Express your custom filters and boosters using our flexible ReQL language
Use our AI ReQL Assistant to create any rules with ease
Explore Full Control
Easy Integration

Enjoy a 30-day unlimited free trial to implement and test our solution with no risk.

Use SDK in your programming language to call our REST API
Or integrate using an HTML No-Code solution
Take advantage of our extensive documentation and get help from our support team whenever needed. Explore documentation
Explore Integration
Cutting Edge AI & Research

Benefit from unique features and inventions developed by our data scientists.

Our data scientists frequently contribute to the most prestigious conferences in the field
We transform the latest innovations from our data scientists and the scientific community into product solutions
We ensure the highest quality of our recommendations through automatic hyper-parameter optimization
Explore Our AI & Machine Learning
Scalability

Thanks to our horizontally scalable infrastructure, we recommend over a billion products, videos, articles, and other pieces of content every day.

We can handle over 30k recommendations per second
We support large catalogs with tens of millions of items
We ensure low network latency to your servers and customers by having multiple data centers strategically situated across the globe.
Explore Scalability
Quick and Easy Integration
into Your Environment

The recommendation engine is provided via a RESTful API, No-Code Widgets and SDKs for multiple programming languages.

No-Code Widgets

The easiest way how to get recommendations into your site.

Documentation

Explore our documentation and guides on how to start personalizing fast.

Implementation in 5 Minutes

Watch the process of implementing Recombee into your solution.

JavaScript
const client = new recombee.ApiClient('database-id', dbPublicToken);

// Send a view of item 'item_x' by user 'user_42'
client.send(new recombee.AddDetailView('user_42', 'item_x'));

// Get 5 recommended items for user 'user_42'. Recommend only items which haven't expired yet.
const recommended = await client.send(
   new recombee.RecommendItemsToUser('user_42', 5, {filter: "'expires' > now()"})
);
See Recombee API Client for JavaScript on Github
Awards
Deloitte Technology Fast 50 CE, 2020
#23rd position
Deloitte Technology Fast 50 CE, 2019
#14th position in Rising Stars
AI Awards 2018 in Czech Republic
Finalist - AI Company of the Year
Try the World’s Best Recommender Engine
Free for 30 Days

Increased Conversion Rate · Improved User Experience · Higher Profits · Increased Loyalty

Start FreeContact Us
Our Academic Partners
Our Technology Partners
More Partners
Navigation
Features
How It Works
Technology
Admin UI
Where to Use
Success Stories
Partnerships
Pricing
FAQ
About Us
Contact
Blog
For Developers
Documentation
API Reference
ReQL
Github
Stay in Touch
Product & Businessbusiness@recombee.com
+420 604 499 078
Technical Supportsupport@recombee.com

© Recombee 2015-2025, Prague, Czech Republic

Terms of UseGDPRCookie PolicyManage Cookie Preferences