Advanced Cyber Threat Intelligence | Recorded Future State of Threat Intelligence 2025 Report The report reveals that 76% of enterprises use threat intelligence to inform strategic decisions each week. See how they’re maximizing ROI. Get the report The future of cyber defense is autonomous. Autonomous Threat Operations is coming to the Recorded Future Platform. Be the first to unlock the true potential of Intelligence Operations. Learn more How advanced is your threat intelligence program? Take our free assessment to reveal your maturity stage and get recommended steps to level up your program. See your stage Know what matters. Act first. The world’s leading threat intelligence company. Get Started Explore the Platform https://main--2025recordedfuturewebsite--recorded-future-website.aem.page/data/landing/home-metrics.json Trusted by industry leaders and governments to defend critical infrastructure worldwide. https://main--2025recordedfuturewebsite--recorded-future-website.aem.page/data/landing/logo-garden.json See the risks, stop the threats. Quickly connect the dots with industry-leading platform capabilities to identify and neutralize critical threats before they happen. Explore our Platform Book a demo Precision Intelligence Access customized, prioritized intelligence for the risks that matter most to you. Intelligence DNA Guided by a protect-and-serve ethos, with deep roots in military and intelligence. Sophisticated pattern-matching algorithms Track global threats with unmatched accuracy. Unbiased intel sourcing and analysis See the complete picture with intelligence from 1M+ sources and expert insights powered by Insikt Group®. Style bg-color-blue-50 Your mission, our expertise. Your role is to defend against threats. Ours is to empower you with the tools and insights you need to succeed. Learn how Recorded Future supports teams at every level. Cyber Threat Intelligence Security Leadership Security Operations Why choose Recorded Future? Style bg-color-grey-100 https://main--2025recordedfuturewebsite--recorded-future-website.aem.page/fragments/case-study-quotes Stay one step ahead with expert insights. Stay ahead of the ever-evolving threat landscape with our daily snapshot of your most pressing risks. Blog View all blogs Research Reports View all reports blog research Style Threat-hub, center, Bg-color-grey-100, bg-rd-radius-tr, bg-rd-radius-tl The Record from Recorded Future News: Unconventional Cyber Stories Get exclusive, behind-the-scenes access to leaders, policymakers, researchers, and the people in the shadows of the cyber underground. We break news and interview those that matter in the fast-changing field of cybersecurity. View The Record Subscribe to the Cyber Daily™ Style Bg-color-grey-100 Ready to know more? Take the next step to identifying the risks that matter most to your organization. Get the insights you need to make informed, actionable decisions—and stop threats before they strike. Get started Explore our platform Join our team. We’re always looking to hire people with a passion for threat intelligence and a desire to make a difference. Bring your skills to Recorded Future to help us build a safer world. Explore careers