Recovery Database Network Lenders & Forwarders Agents The Tools Pricing Learn Contact Vendors Users Repossessors Lenders & Forwarders The Tools RDN Clearplan Cleardata Pricing View Pricing Learn RDN University Clearplan University Cleardata University Contact Sales & Support Vendors View Vendors Try RDN Login Repossession Redefined RDN is the repossession industry's premier, most reliable and most
        trusted repossession software. RDN provides software solutions for Repossessors, Lenders and
        Forwarders. RDN connects lenders, credit unions and forwarders with
        every company in the repossession industry. See RDN in Action: RDN University Sign Up Now Drive Immediate Business Impact with our Repossession Tools When used together: RDN, Clearplan and Cleardata drive performance,
        usability and employee efficiency upwards. Repossession Redefined RDN is the repossession industry's most reliable and most
          trusted repossession software. Serving Repossessors since 2002, RDN
          is your system of record. RDN helps repossession companies and agents manage their accounts by
          providing a secure, encrypted software platform to track
          repossession orders. Over 600+ national lenders, and 2,500+ service
          providers use RDN to assign cases. Learn more about RDN Streamline Communication Clearplan is redefining the way agents run accounts. Gone are the
          days of clipboards and paper. Clearplan helps agents run accounts in the
          field faster and more efficiently. Clearplan has created the language of the industry with iconology specific
          to repossession. Clearplan helps thousands of repossession professionals secure
          collateral faster. Learn more about Clearplan Post-Recovery Simplified Managing collateral post-recovery shouldn't be hard. Processing
          personal property, scheduling transports and creating debtor
          appointments are now simplified with Cleardata's post recovery
          software system. Cleardata is revolutionizing the way recovery companies operate
          after units are recovered. Cleardata is a must-have tool in every
          repossessor's arsenal. Learn more about Cleardata Secure, Reliable & Scalable Secure Purpose-Built Databases RDN is committed to delivering a highly secure and compliant
          environment for all our customers. Reliable 99% Uptime At RDN, we stand behind our industry-leading 99% uptime. Scalable Global Scale Our cloud infrastructure allows RDN to securely scale with
          repossession data to ensure a consistent experience for every user. Ready to Get Started? See RDN in Action: RDN University 1620 S. Stapley Dr. Suite 232 Mesa, AZ 85204 Users Lenders & Forwarders Agents The Tools RDN Clearplan Cleardata Learn RDN University Clearplan University for Admins Clearplan University for Agents Cleardata University Contact Sales & Support Try RDN Copyright © 2002 –
          2026 Recovery Database Network. All rights
          reserved. Privacy Notice • Privacy Rights Portal • Manage Cookies