The Best Recruiting Platform & Recruitment Technology | Recruitology Employer Solutions Programmatic Job Advertising Buy, distribute, and optimize your job ads automatically across hundreds of job sites. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Networks Provides DEI-minded employers an ideal way to broaden their candidate pipeline. Virtual Career Fair Connect with job seekers in an online environment. Jobcase Get your job postings accessible by Jobcase’s 100+ million registered members . Jobcase is one of the top 2 US online career services. Social Networks Automatically posts your job to popular social media sites Twitter® and LinkedIn®. Targeted Audience Networks Access job boards that cater to affinity groups, such as veterans, recent college graduates, and green employers. Facebook Passive Audiences Passive Job Advertising to look-alike groups on Facebook and Instagram. Candidate Search Reach passive and active candidates. Industry Networks Post openings on the top industry job boards in education, healthcare, manufacturing, construction and more. My Job Board Add a ready-to-use job board to your website, letting job seekers search for and apply to your jobs. Partner Solutions Programmatic Job Advertising Buy, distribute, and optimize your job ads automatically across hundreds of job sites. Job Board Software Customize and manage your own branded job board to reach a local audience of employers and job seekers. Social Networks Automatically posts your job to popular social media sites Twitter® and LinkedIn®. Jobcase Get your job postings accessible by Jobcase’s 100+ million registered members . Jobcase is one of the top 2 US online career services. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Provides DEI-minded employers an ideal way to broaden their candidate pipeline. Virtual Job Fairs Give your clients the ability to hold Virtual Career Fairs. Turn Key Partner Solutions Sell white-labeled digital recruitment solutions and grow your digital revenue! Marketing Services Free marketing services including a white-label self-service digital job posting site. Labs Blog About Us About the Company Company Leadership Press Contact Us Employer Solutions Programmatic Job Advertising Buy, distribute, and optimize your job ads automatically across hundreds of job sites. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Networks Provides DEI-minded employers an ideal way to broaden their candidate pipeline. Virtual Career Fair Connect with job seekers in an online environment. Jobcase Get your job postings accessible by Jobcase’s 100+ million registered members . Jobcase is one of the top 2 US online career services. Social Networks Automatically posts your job to popular social media sites Twitter® and LinkedIn®. Targeted Audience Networks Access job boards that cater to affinity groups, such as veterans, recent college graduates, and green employers. Facebook Passive Audiences Passive Job Advertising to look-alike groups on Facebook and Instagram. Candidate Search Reach passive and active candidates. Industry Networks Post openings on the top industry job boards in education, healthcare, manufacturing, construction and more. My Job Board Add a ready-to-use job board to your website, letting job seekers search for and apply to your jobs. Partner Solutions Programmatic Job Advertising Buy, distribute, and optimize your job ads automatically across hundreds of job sites. Job Board Software Customize and manage your own branded job board to reach a local audience of employers and job seekers. Social Networks Automatically posts your job to popular social media sites Twitter® and LinkedIn®. Jobcase Get your job postings accessible by Jobcase’s 100+ million registered members . Jobcase is one of the top 2 US online career services. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Provides DEI-minded employers an ideal way to broaden their candidate pipeline. Virtual Job Fairs Give your clients the ability to hold Virtual Career Fairs. Turn Key Partner Solutions Sell white-labeled digital recruitment solutions and grow your digital revenue! Marketing Services Free marketing services including a white-label self-service digital job posting site. Labs Blog About Us About the Company Company Leadership Press Contact Us bars PRODUCTS FOR EMPLOYERS LABS ABOUT US RESOURCES Reclaim your local recruitment advertising market We're putting media companies back where they belong: top of mind for local employers Start a Conversation Are you an employer looking for a recruiting solution? Tap into the power of our intelligent recruitment technology and data Find out how you can use our AI-driven technology in your products GO TO jobcase for partners LABS Jobcase for partners: Next Generation Recruitment Solutions A leader in AI-powered programmatic job distribution and local candidate sourcing, Jobcase for partners takes recruitment solutions to the next level. From our cloud-based recruiting platform to our talent acquisition suite and white-label HR tech products, we enable employers to transform how they find, hire and manage talent with best-of-breed automated solutions. Join the automated talent acquisition revolution today! Talk to a Jobcase for partners Expert Our Markets The #1 Recruiting Platform for Media Companies With Jobcase for partners' intelligent recruiting platform, we give media companies the ability to offer competitive and comprehensive recruitment solutions to employers. Our sophisticated, user-friendly tools provide unmatched hyperlocal access to both active and passive candidates, helping grow digital revenue for  media companies.  We serve over 200,000 employers by delivering job visibility through more than 500 top sites, niche networks, and local job boards. Request a demo Our clients include: The Best Recruitment Marketing Solutions for Employers Whether you are a small business looking for your next local hire, or an enterprise sourcing talent in many locations, our talent acquisition suite has a product for you: programmatic job advertising, niche networks, intelligent candidate matching, Facebook Passive Audience Campaigns, and much more. We utilize artificial intelligence to analyze and manage candidate data quickly so you can make informed decisions in record time. Learn more HR Tech Providers Get to Market Faster with our White-Label Tools Using our proprietary recruitment technology, you can build recruitment capabilities like job boards, programmatic advertising and access to niche networks in record time. We offer APIs for a wide range of recruitment technology products. When  you want to incorporate recruitment technology into your HR products, we’re your source for AI-powered capabilities. Talk to our Technology Team Our Recruitment Solutions MaxRecruit®, AI-Driven Programmatic Job Advertising MaxRecruit is Jobcase for partners' programmatic recruitment marketing product. It automatically helps you purchase, distribute, and optimize job postings and related budgets across top job sites. MaxRecruit analyzes your job’s performance on each job site we post to. It then adjusts your job’s placement on the site and its cost per click advertising according to the site’s performance.  All you need to do is post once and worry less! Learn More about MaxRecruit Recruitment Solutions for All Businesses From small businesses to large media companies, we have the solutions to help. We level the talent acquisition playing field for businesses of every size. Our white-label recruitment solutions allow media companies to help local employers find the talent they need to be successful. ‍ Contact us today to see how we can deliver next generation recruitment solutions for your business. About the Company Leadership Press Contact Us Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Notice of Right to Opt Out