Skip to content
Products
Solutions
Our Company
Support
Learning & community
Buy now
End-to-end Database DevOps

Unlock the value of the database

Request a demoDiscover more

Solve the complex challenges of database management across the DevOps lifecycle on any database, any platform, anywhere.

25 years
as industry leader of database solutions

92% of the Fortune 100
use Redgate software

200,000 customers
rely on Redgate worldwide

WATCH OUR KEYNOTE

The database professional of the future

NEW PRODUCT

Redgate Test Data Manager: Transform your software delivery with Test Data Management
Redgate's end-to-end solutions
Reliably solve the complex challenges of database management and ensure security across the DevOps lifecycle
Security and compliance

Ensure data security and compliance with data masking, monitoring, and change traceability

Database monitoring and observability

Monitor and understand your databases with full visibility into performance and change

Database change management

Build, test, and deploy database changes with confidence

Productivity and workflow automation

Simplify and speed up database development workflows

AI data readiness

Prepare reliable data foundations for AI initiatives

Database modernization

Simplify and secure database modernization across platforms

Efficiency and cost optimization

Control costs and boost efficiency in database operations

Cloud migration and workload optimization

Simplify and speed up cloud database transformation

Get an overview of our solutions

“We've freed up the DBA team by 70-80%. That's the ROI, and the leadership team can understand that too.”

Chris Yates, Assistant Vice President, Republic Bank

“Code goes from months to deploy, to days. When we want to bring out new functionality for the customer, we can do it really quick. That's the real benefit.”

Jon Forster, Senior Global Program Manager, Fitness First

“We knew the investment made sense and we were going to recover the cost fast. The best proof is that all the developers love Redgate's solution and use it on a daily basis. It's become a standard part of our development process.”

Arnold Dieterle, Development Manager, VEGA Grieshaber

“We were doing one database update a week, which took almost a full day. Now it takes ten minutes. We've automated 90% of the process, and we can now scale our application to more servers and markets without increasing our overhead.”

Luis Abreu, CTO, Nmbrs

“Redgate has helped LumiData deliver a foolproof development cycle rivaling that of any company, Microsoft included. We can now have major database revisions or releases out in minutes and distributed to all of our clients' databases.”

John Trumbul, Senior Software Engineer, Lumidata
Previous
Next
Our products

Reliable and secure test data provisioning.

Redgate Flyway

Bring stability and speed to database deployments.

Redgate Monitor

Real-time multi-platform performance monitoring, with alerts and diagnostics.

See all our products

World class support and expert resources at every turn

From scoping to implementation and beyond, we help you get value fast and ensure long term success.

WEBINAR

Redgate Product Launch: Transform your software delivery with Test Data Management

WEBINAR

PostgreSQL 101: Database monitoring and optimization

BLOG

The ten habits for highly successful compliant database DevOps

CASE STUDY

Streamlining database deployments with Redgate

Discover all the latest insights

Compliance & certification

Redgate is ISO 27001:2022 certified.

For more information on privacy, security, certifications, and compliance, see our trust center.

Community is always at the heart of Redgate

For over 25 years we've collaborated with, learnt from, and supported the data community. Together solving the complex challenges of database management.

See our latest events

Read our latest Simple Talk articles

NEW REPORT

2025 State of the Database Landscape

The 2025 State of the Database Landscape Report sheds light on the current state of database management and offers valuable insights into how organizations can navigate and simplify the growing complexities.

Download the report

FREE BOOK

Introduction to PostgreSQL for the data professional

From getting your first instance, to server configurations, we cover the PostgreSQL basics.

Get your free copy

Products
Redgate Monitor
Redgate Flyway
Redgate Test Data Manager
SQL Toolbelt Essentials
SQL Prompt
SQL Compare
Solutions
Security and compliance
Database monitoring and observability
Database change management
Productivity and workflow automation
Cloud migration and workload optimization
Database modernization
Efficiency and cost optimization
AI data readiness
Support
Forums
Contact product support
Find my licenses
Download older versions
Our Company
Careers
Contact us
Redgate Blog
Our values
Leadership
Trust Center
License agreement
Privacy and cookies
Modern slavery statement
CCPA 
Accessibility
Community
Podcast
Simple Talk
Redgate Advocates
SQL Server Central
Learning
Product Articles
Events
University
Books
Partners
Resellers
Consulting partners
Follow us
Copyright 1999 - 2025 Red Gate Software Ltd
Cookies on red-gate.com

This website stores cookies on your computer.

These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media.

To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

Accept additional cookiesReject additional cookiesCustomize additional cookies