The British Red Cross | UK Humanitarian Charity Skip to content Menu Search DONATE Search Back Get help Get help Hire a wheelchair Help for refugees Family reunion for refugees What to do in an emergency Useful support organisations Support at home Find missing family Help with loneliness Get involved Get involved Donate Volunteer Fundraising and events Partner with us Teaching resources Jobs First aid First aid Learn first aid skills Baby and child first aid Do a first aid course Find a first aid venue Teach first aid Download our first aid apps About us About us What we do How we're run What we stand for News, media and research Our history Contact us Shop Shop Find a charity shop Online shop Gift card Donate goods Volunteer in our shops Visit our eBay shop Independent living products Books Furniture and electrics Wedding dresses Vintage and designer clothes Stories Stories Health and social care Migration and displacement Disasters and emergencies Our Movement Play video In an emergency, every second counts People need us right now and we need you. With your support we can provide vital help when disaster strikes. Donate Now Play video GAZA crisis Appeal The crisis in Gaza remains devastating. People urgently need food, water and medicine. Support Gaza Sudan: Severe humanitarian crisis Over 24 million people face acute hunger. Our teams are supporting on the ground. Donate now Give and get help Make a monthly charity donation Give regularly through a monthly charity donation and make sure your gift has the biggest impact. Volunteer with the Red Cross Donate your time and make a difference. Explore volunteering opportunities near you. Wheelchair hire Get a safe and reliable wheelchair delivered to your door across the UK. What we do In the UK See how your donation helps support and provide health and social care services in the UK. Around the world See how your donation helps people who are facing hunger, conflict or have to flee their home. Donate to an emergency appeal Make a flexible one-off or monthly donation Donate to the Gaza Crisis Appeal Donate to the Afghanistan Crisis Appeal Donate to the Disaster Fund Donate to the Africa Food Crisis Appeal Donate to the Ukraine appeal Donate to Yemen Donate to the UK Crisis Appeal How you can help Donate in your will Donate in your pay Enter our charity raffle Volunteer with us Donate in memory Start fundraising Enter an event Use our teaching resources Find a bargain, shop for charity gifts, or donate your pre-loved items Charity donation gifts – donate as a gift Find a charity shop near you Donate to a charity shop Shop pre-loved – second-hand shopping online Buy a charity shop gift card Visit our eBay shop Save lives with first aid skills Book a first aid course Learn first aid skills Support your wellbeing: useful links Wellbeing support Free education workshops Free kindness activity pack Five ways to improve your wellbeing Let's talk about loneliness Coping with stress Get the help you need Hire a wheelchair near you Find home care services near you How to keep warm in winter Find missing family Help for refugees What to do in an emergency Helping people in crisis – the British Red Cross The British Red Cross is one of the most trusted charities in the UK, providing life-saving support during emergencies, disasters, and humanitarian crises. As a global charity and UK NGO (non-governmental organisation), we work tirelessly to help people in need – whether it's through first aid training, refugee support , or crisis response . We are proud to be a part of the Red Cross charity network, with volunteers across the UK and around the world. Whether you're looking to donate to a UK charity , volunteer, or learn more about charity organisations in the UK, the British Red Cross is here for you. CONTACT US JOBS SITEMAP CYMRAEG LOGIN Terms and conditions Privacy Cookies Modern slavery statement Accessibility Cookie Settings Facebook TikTok X Instagram YouTube LinkedIn ©2025 British Red Cross The British Red Cross Society, incorporated by Royal Charter 1908, is a charity registered in England and Wales (220949), Scotland (SC037738), Isle of Man (0752) and Jersey (430).