Australian Red Cross | Australian Red Cross My Red Cross First Aid Shop Search Contact us About About us Learn more about us, here in Australia and across the world. What we do Find out more about how we support people impacted by disaster, conflict and crisis. Governance The governance and management of Australian Red Cross. Get help Emergencies and disasters Practical help and resources before, during and after emergencies. Community services Services including aged care and programs for people experiencing homelessness and loneliness. Migrants in transition Programs to support refugees, people seeking asylum or in immigration detention and other who are vulnerable as a result of migration. Act for humanity Get involved Volunteer Membership It starts with YOUth Fundraise for Red Cross Corporate partnerships Ideas for action 50 ways to do more good Learn about the laws of war Knit a Trauma Teddy Host an In Search of Safety session How you can help How to help in disasters and emergencies How to help refugees and people seeking asylum Protect the red cross emblem Make reconciliation real Ways to donate Donate online Make a donation Make an ongoing donation Support us Leave a gift in your Will Memorial donations Fundraise for Red Cross Partner with us Corporate partnerships Philanthropic giving Workplace giving Other ways to donate Donate time by volunteering Donate to Red Cross Shops Donating when there's an emergency Donate to Australian Red Cross Lifeblood Stories Donate Open menu Home Emergency information Australian Red Cross has opened Register.Find.Reunite for the Bondi Beach incident and is urging people affected to get in touch with their families and friends. Register.Find.Reunite. When crisis hits, humanity steps in Your humanity helps us be there for people when and where it matters most. Donate now Our impact 18,209 Australian Red Cross members and volunteers acted for humanity. 139,168 volunteer hours connecting with older and vulnerable people through our Telecross and Telechat programs. 281,923 people received support before, during and after disasters. 34,170 people from 129 countries received help through our migration support programs in Australia. 70,000+ students completed first aid training. Data from Australian Red Cross July 2024–June 2025 EMERGENCIES After a distressing event has happened Information for communities, parents and caregivers. Learn more EMERGENCIES Prepare for disasters Take steps to protect what matters most. Learn more VOLUNTEERING Giving your time is a truly valuable donation Become a Red Cross Shop volunteer. Learn more PROTECTION Humanitarian workers are not targets – they are lifelines This vital work is under threat. Learn more HOW TO HELP Make a regular gift to Australian Red Cross Your ongoing support could help to bring comfort, connection and hope to those who need it most. Sign up today Subscribe to our newsletter Get the latest updates and stories from Australian Red Cross. Subscribe Contact us Call our Customer Care Team  on 1800 733 276 Find Red Cross offices, shops and first aid training near you Send us a message Red Cross pays our respects to the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander custodians of the country where we work, and to Elders, past, present and emerging. Learn about our Reconciliation Action Plan and how we can all make reconciliation real . This website may contain the images, voices or names of people who have passed away. About About us Governance Research and reports History and heritage Careers Resources For school students For parents and educators For businesses For journalists More International Humanitarian Law Global Migration Lab Humanitech Australian Red Cross Lifeblood Subscribe to our newsletter Connect with us Privacy Terms Cookies Security © Australian Red Cross 2026. ABN 50 169 561 394