Redecor: Free Decor Game - Play House Design Games Season Pass Blog FAQs Design Challenges Play Now Play Now House Design & Decor Game Play Redecor The game for all home design lovers with new design challenges every day. PLAY NOW Scroll Down • Scroll Down • Scroll Down • Scroll Down • Redecor Design Challenges Get inspired by our latest Redecor online game design challenges and see what materials were used to get that five star winning design! From fellow Redecorators to you. Check it out! Bone Apetite! Nordic Glow Drag It Out! Welcome, Fashionistas! Enjoying the Mystery? Opulence & Magic Splendid Oasis Skyline Serenity Warm Tail Wags Santa Paws Retail Wonderland A Restful Holiday Getting Ready Paw-liday Cheer A Touch of Mischief Merry Dog House Meowry Christmas Subtle Festivity Thinking of Grandpa Effortless Luxe View All December Chic & the City is live! Days Hours Min Sec Join a winter full of modern glam in the newest Chic & the City Season! Create designs inspired by the most beautiful city in the world. Join Now Best ideas for decor and interior design Get inspired and Redecorate! What's New Meet Pretty Pastels! 5 Tips to Master Your New Favorite Design Style 03rd Feb 2025 What's New Transitional Harmony: 5 Fresh Tips for Your New Designs and Year 02nd Jan 2025 Latest Interior Design Trends and Predictions for 2025 26th Dec 2024 Popular 2025 Forecast by Zodiac Sign: Trends and Astrology Decor Inspirations 11th Dec 2024 What's New Master the Art of Bohemian Rustic Decor with these 5 Tips! 02nd Dec 2024 What's New Your Guide to Embrace the Elegance of Modern Luxury 01st Nov 2024 Latest World Mental Health Day & Designing Well-Being 10th Oct 2024 Latest Fall Designs and the Autumn Equinox 22nd Sep 2024 Latest The Principles of Italian Design: A Masterclass 10th Sep 2024 Popular Who Does Countryside Best? A Journey Across France, Ireland, and England 25th Aug 2024 What's New Celebrate the International Day of the Tropics with Redecor 25th Jun 2024 Latest Pet-sthetic: New Survey Uncovers How Man’s Best Friend Impacts Interior Design 16th Jun 2024 What's New Setting Sail with Nautical Glam: Top 5 Tips to Perfect Your Coastal Home Decor Designs 03rd Jun 2024 The Best Small Room Ideas In this helpful guide, we give you the rundown of everything you need to know about small bedroom decor, from the right color choices, to the right furniture, to inspiration for organization and storage, to solid lighting, mirrors and more! BEST TIPS Meet our Redecorators Carmeon Hamilton "Every day is an opportunity to love the way you live" Read full story You can help yourself create positive and relaxing moments through interior designing as well. The key is to choose something you love, that makes you feel good, and stick with it. Relax with Redecor You can help yourself create positive and relaxing moments through online interior designing as well. The key is to choose something you love, that makes you feel good, and stick with it. Read full story Genevieve Gorder for Redecor Exclusive interview Read full story Frequently Asked Questions What is Redecor game? + - Redecor is an inspiring and relaxing online game that allows you to develop your Interior Decor skills while creating your dream decor. As a Redecor Designer, you get new Design Challenges every day! Read the Design Brief and impress other fellow Redecorators by choosing the best combinations of colors, textures, and materials. Vote for other players’ designs and make an impact on the results. Playing Redecor is relaxing, fun, and it also boosts creativity! Join our community, share your designs, and become an inspiring Home Designer🙌 Can I play Redecor on my laptop/pc? + - Redecor is supported by smartphones, tablets and now also desktop version is available! What is season pass? + - The game is divided into one-month seasons. Every Season has new & unique rewards in terms of cash, gold, and materials, which you can unlock on your way up. You’ve got 30 levels to climb up for one month if you want to reach the top (and to collect all the rewards on the way)! There are two ways to join the race: you can either follow the Free Rewards path OR the Season Pass path by purchasing the seasonal Season Pass. After the month ends, the Season ends, and your level is 0 again. You always get to keep all the materials and rewards you’ve collected so far! With Season Pass, you don’t receive all of the rewards instantly, but while climbing up the levels. For more detailed information about the Season Pass, please check out the section “Season Pass Questions”! How does the voting system work on Redecor game? + - When you submit your design, it is assigned to a group of 9 other designs and goes to voting. During the voting, it is randomly paired with other designs from your group only. Every time it is paired with a different design from your group. Our ratings are based only on other players’ votes, and the final ranking gets decided by the amount of stars each design has obtained. In case two designs get the same score, the player with a higher design value (=how much Cash and Gold they’ve used for the materials) gets ranked higher. What is design value? + - Design Value means the value of Cash and Gold used in the room. Once you submit your design, you will get the same amount of XP (experience points). How can Redecor game help me design and décor my home? + - Redecor is an inspiring and relaxing game that allows you to develop your Interior Decor skills while creating your dream decor. As a Redecor Designer, you get new Design Challenges every day! Read the Design Brief and impress other fellow Redecorators by choosing the best combinations of colors, textures, and materials. Vote for other players’ designs and make an impact on the results. Playing Redecor is relaxing, fun, and it also boosts creativity! Join our community, share your designs, and become an inspiring Home Designer 🙌 Where to get décor and home design ideas? + - Redecor blog is an excellent source of decor and home design inspiration. Redecor keeps you updated on the latest home decor trends and evergreen designs. The best part is - you can practice your skills in the Redecor game straight away! Now available on Blog Design Challenges Season Pass FAQ Support Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us! Responsible Gaming Accessibility Statement EU DSA Cookie Settings Sign up to our newsletter Subscribe Redecor is intended for those 18 and older. Redecor does not require payment to access and play, but it also allows you to purchase virtual items with real money inside the game.  including random items. You can disable in-app purchases in your device’s settings. Redecor may also contain advertising. You may require an internet connection to play Redecor and access its social features. You can also find more information about the functionality, compatibility and interoperability of Redecor in the above description. By accessing and playing this game, you agree to future game updates as released on this website. You may choose to update this game, but if you do not update, your game experience and functionalities may be reduced. Copyright Redecor@, 2025 Design & Code by Elevate Connect & Play with Redecor Your Designs are Too Good to Lose! Choose a sign-in option so you can save your work across your devices Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Continue with Apple Let me try