Products
Solutions
Resources
Customer stories
Pricing
Log in
Book your demo
Recurly Engage
Overview
Resources
Pricing
Log into Engage
Contact sales

RECURLY ENGAGE

Convert engagement into revenue

Power your subscribers’ journey with personalized prompts and automation that fuel revenue growth.

Book a demo
Guide subscribers to the next best step

Reach subscribers when it matters most—while they're active in your product. With Recurly Engage, you can design personalized in-app journeys and drive action without waiting for engineering resources.

	
	
	
0:28
	
Maximize revenue with real-time subscriber actions
Proactive churn management

Predict churn before it happens and create targeted cancellation flows to save subscribers.

Built for non-technical teams

Easily build and test subscriber journeys to move faster, connect smarter, and boost revenue.

One-click subscription management

Subscribers make an account change with one click; Recurly updates it instantly.

Engaged subscribers spend 3x more

Engagement is the cornerstone of retention—it’s the strongest signal that a subscriber values your product or service and is more likely to sign up, stay, upgrade, and promote it.

This [Recurly Engage] is a no-brainer must-have for any digital business. Double-digit improvements to engagement and retention in the first week.

Tom Ryan— President & CEO, Streaming
Paramount+

Read blog post
Right place. Right time. Right action.

Channels like email and SMS pull subscribers away from the product experience, causing you to miss that critical moment of connection. Recurly Engage meets them in the moment, keeping the interaction seamless and timely.

Pre-built prompts for cancellations and upsells
A/B test to take the guesswork out of offers, actions, and designs
Optimized for desktop, mobile, and leading streaming platforms—including iOS, Android, Apple TV, Roku, Fire TV, and Samsung TV
Frictionless subscription updates

Take the manual work out of subscription updates. Subscribers can now upgrade, pause, or apply discounts with a single click—automatically synced to Recurly.

Unify your tech stack

Easily integrate with Recurly Billing, Apple IAP, Roku Billing, Google Play, Amazon IAP, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Stripe, SendGrid, Braze, Zendesk, and more.

Drive more conversions, upgrades, and renewals with Recurly Engage
Get a demo
Products & Pricing
Recurly Subscriptions
Recurly Commerce
Recurly Engage
Recurly RevRec
Recurly Release
Pricing
Try it free
Resources & Learning
Resource center
Blog
Events
Benchmarks & Insights
Master the basics
Customer retention
Churn management
Developers
Subscriptions documentation
Commerce documentation
Engage documentation
RevRec documentation
API Reference
Status
Support
Support & Services
Login
Integrations & Partners
Integration methods
Partners integrations
Partner ecosystem
Company & Trust
About
Leadership
Press releases
Careers
Contact us
Security & Compliance
Get ahead of what's next
Privacy policy
Legal
DPA
Cookie policy
Terms of service
Security & compliance
Modern slavery act statement

©2025 Recurly, Inc.

By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies. For more information or to change your preferences, select “Cookie settings.”
Cookies settings
Accept all