Redmob red mob Why Redmob Use cases Testimony FAQ Contact us red mob Why Redmob Use cases Testimony FAQ red mob Why Redmob Use cases Testimony FAQ Contact us YOUR PARTNER IN ADTECH SOLUTIONS YOUR PARTNER IN ADTECH SOLUTIONS YOUR PARTNER IN ADTECH SOLUTIONS Unlock addressability. Drive activation. Unlock addressability. Drive activation. Unlock addressability. Drive activation. Better targeting, measurement, and digital success. Better targeting, measurement, and digital success. Better targeting, measurement, and digital success. Contact us Contact us Contact us What is Redmob? What is Redmob? What is Redmob? Redmob unites data and exchange to accelerate your growth. From acquisition to monetization, we empower you to unlock the full value of every advertising opportunity. Redmob unites data and exchange to accelerate your growth. From acquisition to monetization, we empower you to unlock the full value of every advertising opportunity. Redmob unites data and exchange to accelerate your growth. From acquisition to monetization, we empower you to unlock the full value of every advertising opportunity. Why Redmob? Why Redmob? Why Redmob? Reach and scale Reach and scale Reach and scale Reach new regions through global ad exchange, powered by high-quality audience data. Reach new regions through global ad exchange, powered by high-quality audience data. Reach new regions through global ad exchange, powered by high-quality audience data. Personalization Personalization Personalization No generic targeting — data-driven ad exchange tailored to help you reach your goals. No generic targeting — data-driven ad exchange tailored to help you reach your goals. No generic targeting — data-driven ad exchange tailored to help you reach your goals. Delivery Delivery Delivery From insights to impressions, unified stack powers efficient data delivery and ad serving. From insights to impressions, unified stack powers efficient data delivery and ad serving. From insights to impressions, unified stack powers efficient data delivery and ad serving. Partnership Partnership Partnership Building long-term success through transparency and shared growth. Building long-term success through transparency and shared growth. Building long-term success through transparency and shared growth. Worldwide access Worldwide access Worldwide access Access global audiences and inventory through Redmob’s integrated data and ad exchange network. Access global audiences and inventory through Redmob’s integrated data and ad exchange network. Access global audiences and inventory through Redmob’s integrated data and ad exchange network. 1B+ Users 300B+ observations per month 1B+ Users 150+ countries 1B+ Users 300B+ observations per month 1B+ Users 150+ countries 1B+ Users 300B+ observations per month 1B+ Users 150+ countries 1B+ Users 300B+ observations per month 1B+ Users 150+ countries Cross-device audience & activation Cross-device audience & activation Cross-device audience & activation Unify your audience intelligence and campaign delivery. Bridging identity, data, and exchange for full-funnel performance. Unify your audience intelligence and campaign delivery. Bridging identity, data, and exchange for full-funnel performance. Unify your audience intelligence and campaign delivery. Bridging identity, data, and exchange for full-funnel performance. 01 01 01 Market insights Market insights Market insights Discover hidden patterns and trends across different markets for better strategy and messaging. Discover hidden patterns and trends across different markets for better strategy and messaging. Discover hidden patterns and trends across different markets for better strategy and messaging. 02 02 02 Data enrichment Data enrichment Data enrichment Enhance your existing datasets with added insights for smarter targeting and personalization. Enhance your existing datasets with added insights for smarter targeting and personalization. Enhance your existing datasets with added insights for smarter targeting and personalization. 03 03 03 Addressability Addressability Addressability Reach the right users across platforms, devices, and channels with precision. Reach the right users across platforms, devices, and channels with precision. Reach the right users across platforms, devices, and channels with precision. 04 04 04 Customer journey Customer journey Customer journey Map user behavior to understand how customers interact and convert over time. Map user behavior to understand how customers interact and convert over time. Map user behavior to understand how customers interact and convert over time. 05 05 05 Telecoms Telecoms Telecoms Track subscriber churn, market share, and switching trends to maximize your competitive edge. Track subscriber churn, market share, and switching trends to maximize your competitive edge. Track subscriber churn, market share, and switching trends to maximize your competitive edge. 06 06 06 Build your identity graph Build your identity graph Build your identity graph Link user identifiers for cross-screen targeting, frequency control, and accurate attribution. Link user identifiers for cross-screen targeting, frequency control, and accurate attribution. Link user identifiers for cross-screen targeting, frequency control, and accurate attribution. 07 07 07 Connect the dots Connect the dots Connect the dots Integrate offline and online audiences for holistic campaign delivery. Integrate offline and online audiences for holistic campaign delivery. Integrate offline and online audiences for holistic campaign delivery. 08 08 08 Audience creation Audience creation Audience creation Build and activate custom segments instantly across major DSPs. Build and activate custom segments instantly across major DSPs. Build and activate custom segments instantly across major DSPs. 09 09 09 Ad monetization Ad monetization Ad monetization Track inventory performance and engagement metrics. Track inventory performance and engagement metrics. Track inventory performance and engagement metrics. Adtech partner you can trust Adtech partner you can trust Adtech partner you can trust 4.7 4.7 5.0 5.0 Froyoo Cross Device Advertisement Solutions Froyoo Cross Device Advertisement Solutions Froyoo Cross Device Advertisement Solutions "We operate in a data-intensive environment. Our challenge was to find a partner who could provide us with high-quality, diverse datasets, crucial for our MENA region operations." "We operate in a data-intensive environment. Our challenge was to find a partner who could provide us with high-quality, diverse datasets, crucial for our MENA region operations." "We operate in a data-intensive environment. Our challenge was to find a partner who could provide us with high-quality, diverse datasets, crucial for our MENA region operations." Transform your adtech game Transform your adtech game Transform your adtech game Discover how Redmob can support your goals. Discover how Redmob can support your goals. Discover how Redmob can support your goals. Frequently asked questions Frequently asked questions Frequently asked questions Do you offer historical data? No, we do not offer historical data. Do you offer historical data? No, we do not offer historical data. Do you offer historical data? No, we do not offer historical data. Do you offer historical data? No, we do not offer historical data. How does the data transfer process look like? The data is securely transferred to your designated cloud storage (e.g., AWS, GCP). How does the data transfer process look like? The data is securely transferred to your designated cloud storage (e.g., AWS, GCP). How does the data transfer process look like? The data is securely transferred to your designated cloud storage (e.g., AWS, GCP). How does the data transfer process look like? The data is securely transferred to your designated cloud storage (e.g., AWS, GCP). What requirements are needed to access the data? Please contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more details. What requirements are needed to access the data? Please contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more details. What requirements are needed to access the data? Please contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more details. What requirements are needed to access the data? Please contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more details. How do I get started? You can contact us by filling out the form. How do I get started? You can contact us by filling out the form. How do I get started? You can contact us by filling out the form. How do I get started? You can contact us by filling out the form. Do you offer data in the EU? No, Redmob does not offer data in the EU. Do you offer data in the EU? No, Redmob does not offer data in the EU. Do you offer data in the EU? No, Redmob does not offer data in the EU. Do you offer data in the EU? No, Redmob does not offer data in the EU. Where can I find the data schema? Please contact our data consultants via the form above for product details. Where can I find the data schema? Please contact our data consultants via the form above for product details. Where can I find the data schema? Please contact our data consultants via the form above for product details. Where can I find the data schema? Please contact our data consultants via the form above for product details. Can I test the data before committing? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for access. Can I test the data before committing? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for access. Can I test the data before committing? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for access. Can I test the data before committing? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for access. How current is the data? The data is kept up to date for audience activation. How current is the data? The data is kept up to date for audience activation. How current is the data? The data is kept up to date for audience activation. How current is the data? The data is kept up to date for audience activation. Can the data feed be adjusted? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more information. Can the data feed be adjusted? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more information. Can the data feed be adjusted? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more information. Can the data feed be adjusted? Yes. Contact our data consultants by filling out the form for more information. Do you provide precise location data? Our datasets include location data aggregated to city-level accuracy. Do you provide precise location data? Our datasets include location data aggregated to city-level accuracy. Do you provide precise location data? Our datasets include location data aggregated to city-level accuracy. Do you provide precise location data? Our datasets include location data aggregated to city-level accuracy. Do you use or sell personally identifiable information? We may share data such as MAIDs, IP addresses, and hashed emails with third parties for business purposes, in compliance with applicable data protection laws. Do you use or sell personally identifiable information? We may share data such as MAIDs, IP addresses, and hashed emails with third parties for business purposes, in compliance with applicable data protection laws. Do you use or sell personally identifiable information? We may share data such as MAIDs, IP addresses, and hashed emails with third parties for business purposes, in compliance with applicable data protection laws. Do you use or sell personally identifiable information? We may share data such as MAIDs, IP addresses, and hashed emails with third parties for business purposes, in compliance with applicable data protection laws. red mob FZCO IFZA Business Park, DDP, Dubai 342001, United Arab Emirates Privacy Policy General Terms Data Sharing Copyright Redmob 2025 red mob FZCO IFZA Business Park, DDP, Dubai 342001, United Arab Emirates Privacy Policy General Terms Data Sharing Copyright Redmob 2025 red mob FZCO IFZA Business Park, DDP, Dubai 342001, United Arab Emirates Privacy Policy General Terms Data Sharing Copyright Redmob 2025 red mob FZCO IFZA Business Park, DDP, Dubai 342001, United Arab Emirates Privacy Policy General Terms Data Sharing Copyright Redmob 2025