Resize Images Online - Resize JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG images Install our Android App Install Which features should we add next? Pick as many as you see fit: Image retouching Image storage (1GB) Rotation API for developers Effects (sepia, B&W, etc) Cropping Blurring / censoring You must select some options Submit Blog Pricing Login Get Premium Blog How it works Pricing Contact Us Sign Up Login Get Premium Resize an Image Your browser is not supported. Please use Google Chrome or Firefox . Upload successful. Processing your image Drop your images here or browse. Select Image Some selected images are not supported.Please select JPG, PNG, BMP or GIF images only. Choose new size and format Width W Height H percent pixels centimeters inches Resolution Res DPI Stretch Crop Fit Format JPG PNG GIF Quality Background Now Resizing . . . Your image has been resized! Download Image Processing... Download file.jpg 7890 x 7890 7890 kb Flexible plans just for you Subscription The flexibility of paying month to month and save 20%. $ 3 .99 USD per month Select Top features Resize multiple images at once Privacy! Images never leave your device! No advertising E-mail support Simple Enjoy all premium features for a whole month. $ 4 .99 USD 1 month Select Top features Resize multiple images at once Privacy! Images never leave your device! No advertising E-mail support Smart Get all features for 3 months and save 33%. $ 9 .99 USD 3 months Select Top features Resize multiple images at once Privacy! Images never leave your device! No advertising E-mail support You save 33% 50% OFF Professional Get 6 months of premium features and save 50%. $ 14 .99 USD 6 months Select Top features Resize multiple images at once Privacy! Images never leave your device! No advertising E-mail support You save 50% Don’t see a plan that fits you? Contact Us What is an image file size? Images are composed by several dots called pixels, and each of them has a color, represented as a combination of three basic colors (red, green and blue). To store each of these pixels, 3 bytes (24 ones or zeros) are generally used. When an image is large, it may have millions of pixels, and that means storing all information for an image like that in a computer or any device will take millions of bytes. When a camera or cellphone says it takes 10 megapixels photos, it means that each photo has 10 million pixels (mega = million). And having 10 million pixels means it takes 30 million bytes (or 30 megabytes) to store that photo (which is a lot of space!). If you want to send this photo (or many photos) to a friend by e-mail, it will have to transfer 30 megabytes of data and it will take a while to upload it and a lot for the recipient to download it later. How can I reduce my image's file size? One way is compressing the image, which reduces file size without having to resize it. Image quality will suffer as you increase compression and start losing more data. Another method is to resize your photo, decreasing the pixels it takes to store the image. Reducing image size doesn't reduce image quality, although it may lose small details. Photos from modern cellphones and cameras usually have over 6 million pixels, while most cellphones, tablets, notebook or TV screens have only about 1.5 million pixels, which means you end up seeing a resized version of the image (you only use the full image if you print it). So if you resize your image, decreasing its width and height to a half, your image would have about the same number of pixels as the screens that will display it, and you wouldn't be losing any quality or detail, even looking at your image in full screen mode. If you have a huge photo, we recommend resizing it to about 1900 by 1100 pixels, with JPG format and 90% quality. You will get a versatile image with great quality, that you can send to anyone without taking too much time. Reduce images is a free online image resizer that allows you to resize an image, change their format, compress them, and save the resized images as JPG, PNG or GIF. Privacy Privacy Policy Reach Out Contact Us Our Product How it works Resize an Image Blog 2025 © All rights reserved - Reduce Images Online