Reed College Skip to site navigation. Skip to content. Skip to Reed contact information. Reed College Toggle menu Academics Admission & Aid Campus Life About Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni IRIS Login Directory Apply Visit Request Info Give Toggle search search Search Reed College Apply Visit Request Info Give The silent video above depicts six scenes of campus: an aerial view of Old Dorm Block among green trees and grass, with the Portland skyline in the background; a bird’s eye view of eight students playing a pick-up soccer game; three students sitting in the grass, surrounded by trees; two students walking across the Blue Bridge over Reed canyon, a watershed with a lake and lush green trees; a close-up of two hands browsing a shelf of bound theses in the Thesis Tower; and several small groups of students lounging on the lawn in front of Old Dorm Block on a sunny day. Toggle background video Welcome to Reed College in Portland, Oregon Take ownership of your education at Reed College. Pursue knowledge, conduct hands-on research, consider diverse perspectives, and embark on an exhilarating journey of intellectual exploration. Menu Meet the Reedies 1/6 Safi Zenger ’24 close “ Professor Akihiko Miyoshi’s experimental media class was the first time I feel like I was given space to fail in art. It allowed me to expand the predetermined limitations of my own creativity. Safi Zenger ’24 Art History 2/6 Caz Barnum ‘24 close “ Reed has given me confidence in myself and the comfort of knowing that I can do anything. Writing a thesis was one of the most difficult things I have ever done, and now that I’ve finished it, I feel much better about accomplishing anything I want in life. Caz Barnum ‘24 History 3/6 Alyssa Gorkin '24 close “ Being at Reed allowed me to come into an authentic version of myself, surrounded by friends that I’m so grateful to have met. Alyssa Gorkin '24 Psychology 4/6 Joshua Park ’23 close “ I was a team coordinator for Ultimate Frisbee, and it was a lot of fun building a sense of community through sport. I was also a peer career advisor with the Center for Life Beyond Reed. Joshua Park ’23 Comparative Race and Ethnicity Studies 5/6 Olivia McGough ’23 close “ Professor David Perkinson let me work with him on a research project the summer after my sophomore year that ended up being a formative experience for me. I learned a lot of math, but more importantly I learned how fun research can be and what I am capable of. He also taught me the importance of good chalk. Olivia McGough ’23 Mathematics 6/6 Caden Corontzos ’23 close “ I’ve learned how to approach solving problems that are hard or confusing, and how to discuss my reasoning with others and work collaboratively toward a solution. I also think I’m more open to trying new things and exploring new experiences. Caden Corontzos ’23 Computer Science Previous Next See Where Reed Takes You Grades at Reed At Reed, we support students' progress through thoughtfully written feedback—de-emphasizing letter grades—which leads to more discussion and collaboration. Go Beyond the ABCs Undergraduate Research From assisting professors in their labs to volunteering in our nuclear reactor, Reedies actively contribute to scholarship. Research from Day One Senior Thesis The culmination of your academic journey at Reed, your senior thesis contains original research and showcases your intellectual growth. Contribute to the Thesis Tower Humanities 110 In this signature Reed program, explore how people living in diverse historical contexts have engaged fundamental questions about existence. Oh, the Humanities! A Transfor­mative Liberal Arts College Experience From the shared experience of Humanities 110 to your senior thesis, study broadly across disciplines while diving deep into your major. Throughout, you have the space to ask complex questions, embrace paradoxes, and develop new perspectives. Discover Reed Academics Become a Reedie At Reed, we look beyond the numbers. That’s why we waived application fees and embraced a test-blind policy. We find students through a holistic examination of grades, accomplishments, and perspectives. If you’re passionate about learning, we want to know more about you. Learn How to Apply to Reed Imagine Yourself Here Hike the 28-acre Reed canyon, relax on our rolling lawns, and study in our beautiful buildings. Take a short bike ride to downtown Portland, Oregon, or plan a trip to our ski cabin on Mount Hood. At Reed, avenues for discovery and growth are everywhere. Visit Reed Recent News Reed Newsroom Reed College Announces WA College Grant Match to Support Washington Students Initiative will support college affordability for Washington students ‘A Testament to My Capability’: Reed Student Published in Tufts Historical Review The paper, written by Zoe Fleysher ’26, focuses on an early modern French tabloid. Reed oSTEM Club Wins Rookie Chapter of the Year Award The club, founded in 2024, headed to the oSTEM conference in October to celebrate the win. Recent Magazine Stories Reed Magazine What Is a Reedie, Anyway? Meet twelve graduates from the class of ’25. Circle of Gratitude President Audrey Bilger, Dean of the Faculty Kathy Oleson, and Associate Dean of the Faculty Suzy Renn discuss the nurturing of student and faculty research at Reed. How to Thrive in Wild Times According to cooperation theorist Athena Aktipis ’02, the one thing we really need? Each other. Upcoming Events All events Take the Next Step Reed College is a leading liberal arts college known for encouraging intellectual curiosity. Learn about our vibrant, inclusive community in Portland, Oregon. Discover Academics Request Information Visit Reed Reed College 3203 Southeast Woodstock Boulevard Portland, Oregon 97202-8199 503-771-1112 Getting to Reed Campus Map About Reed Job opportunities College offices Contact strategic communications & marketing Reed Magazine Diversity, equity, and inclusion Sustainability Reed campus alerts Back to Top © Reed College YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Submit feedback or concern Privacy, web & copyright policies Title IX policy Report a bias incident Reed College prohibits unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or familial status, military status, veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local laws that apply to the college, in any area, activity or operation of the college, including in its employment policies, educational policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, housing policies, athletic programs, and other school-administered programs.