Boost Sales with Shoppable Videos – Reelup Skip to content Features Customer Stories Resources Pricing Book a Demo Get Started Features Customer Stories Resources Pricing Get Started for Free Book a Demo Main menu Features Shoppable Videos Videos where customers can shop instantly  from the video itself. AI Video Optimization Auto optimize and compress video size without sacrificing on quality Social Media Videos Import and reuse social media videos as shoppable videos Performance Analytics Help search engines rank your videos and boost sales Video SEO Optimize videos for search engines to improve visibility and drive organic traffic Coming Soon Video Marketing Add Videos to emails and messages to boost sales Coming Soon Shop App Videos Add videos to your shop app store and sell more Coming Soon Mobile App Videos Add shoppable videos inside your mobile app to boost in-app engagement and sales Coming Soon Localised Videos Deliver the same video in different local languages, in different areas Coming Soon Get Started for Free Book a Demo Shoppable Videos Videos where customers can shop instantly  from the video itself. AI Video Optimization Auto optimize and compress video size without sacrificing on quality Social Media Videos Import and reuse social media videos as shoppable videos Performance Analytics Help search engines rank your videos and boost sales Video SEO Optimize videos for search engines to improve visibility and drive organic traffic Coming Soon Video Marketing Add Videos to emails and messages to boost sales Coming Soon Shop App Videos Add videos to your shop app store and sell more Coming Soon Mobile App Videos Add shoppable videos inside your mobile app to boost in-app engagement and sales Coming Soon Localised Videos Deliver the same video in different local languages, in different areas Coming Soon Blogs Read the latest insights and trends in Video Commerce. Integrations Learn about all the 3rd party integrations with ReelUp Partners Directory Explore our partners directory and choose to become one yourself. Demo Store Experience all our video features in action. Main menu Resources Blogs Read the latest insights and trends in Video Commerce. Integrations Learn about all the 3rd party integrations with ReelUp Partners Directory Explore our partners directory and choose to become one yourself. Demo Store Experience all our video features in action. Get Started for Free Book a Demo RATED No.1 VIDEOS APP IN SHOPIFY Meet the Video Commerce Platform The one-stop destination for all your video commerce needs. Boost CTR, ROI, and engagement with interactive shoppable media. Get Started for Free Book a Demo Trusted by 8000+ D2C companies Trusted by 8000+ D2C companies One Stop For All Video Commerce Requirements Shoppable Videos The future of shopping: Tap and buy with just a click AI video optimization Next-Gen AI technology to optimize video automatically Social Media Videos Import and reuse social media videos as shoppable videos App Videos Effortlessly grow your business with Shop App's features Video Marketing Add shoppable videos to Emails and SMS campaigns Video SEO Make your videos searchable, discoverable, and optimized for better reach Performance Analytics Refine and devise strategies based on real time data driven detailed analytics. Track how your videos perform in every placement as well as widget. Understand your audience and what captures their attention the most and for how long. User landed on website 1 Interacted with videos 2 Added product to cart 3 Placed an order 4 Track sales via videos 5 Embed Videos Without Impacting Your Website Speed Get Started for Free Shoppable Video Player Built To Sell, Convert And Engage Social Media Like Interface Mobile first interface that feels like swiping TikTok Or Instagram. Tag Multiple Products Tag multiple products in one video to improve product visibility. Clickable CTA Boost conversion by enabling viewers to buy straight from video itself. Integrates With Marketing Tools Shoppable videos that are easily integrated in marketing tools to add in emails and sms. Our Story Narrated In Numbers 1 video views 1 Orders placed Via Videos 1 USD Revenue Generated Hear From Our Users Great App! Great customer service! Prompt replies and help customizing the fonts in the APP widgets. Thank you! Roverlund United States ReelUP has efficiently integrated short video features into our website, resulting in a noticeable increase in both viewing engagement and sales. The prompt and timely customer service is also appreciated. Jackery United States Amazing support, i had just a problem with my theme, they answer me in 2 minutes and solved my problem in 5 minutes, Amazing! Thankyou! Facas do Mundo Brazil Fantastic experience, great app! Support is very comprehensive and very professional. I recommend using this app! Splendidae France ReelUp has brilliantly tapped into the power of UGC. They don’t just see our voice; they witness a chorus of happy customers sharing their genuine feedback. It's like having an ever evolving digital word of mouth on website Popov Leather Canada !! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! Great service and amazing application, simple to use. Very happy with the entire process exactly what i was looking for to create engaging content for my customers off of social medial platforms. Tri-Art Mfg. Canada Very good app, easy to integrate, and great customer service too!! Very useful and good experience :) Shapeit Spain Very recommended to use this app!! Customer service is extremely helpful and most importantly, the app is easy to use and set up. I also like how everything is coming together 
                on my website with... Japhethchiara Singapore Garry was so helpful in resolving queries while setting up the Reelup for my side. We are always looking for ways to improve the user experience of our customers in our online store, so we are excited to find Reelup Iraah.Store India I am so impressed with this app functionality - really seems like an enterprise applications with loads
              of customization ability More so, When i reached out to their support team (Garry) ended up doing the dev work... Cocokind United States Latest Blogs Read our latest blogs for better understanding View all How Can BFCM <span>Skyrocket Your Shopify Sales... November 25, 2025 November 25, 2025 How Can BFCM Skyrocket Your Shopify Sales  This Year? CRO Strategies That Will Skyrocket Your <span> ... September 27, 2025 September 27, 2025 Strategies That Will Skyrocket Your Ecommerce Top 10 Proven Tactics to Improve <span> Ecommer... September 25, 2025 September 25, 2025 10 Proven Ways to Improve Conversion Rate 1 / of 3 View All View All Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window. Turn Your Videos into Sales Start leveraging user-generated content to transform your E-Commerce website today. Get Started for Free Book a Demo Company About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Case Studies Book a Demo Product Shoppable Videos Interactive & Quiz Videos Social Media Videos AI video optimization Shop App Videos Performance Analytics Video Marketing Resources Integrations Blogs Partners Directory Demo Store Brand Kit ©2025 Reelup.io - All rights reserved.