Skip navigation
LSEG
Data & Analytics
FTSE Russell
London Stock Exchange
FX
Post Trade
Risk Intelligence
Your Industry
Products
Data
Analytics
Workflow
Insights
LSEG Data & Analytics
LSEG Data & Analytics
Get in touch
Discover new possibilities

LSEG Data & Analytics is one of the world’s largest providers of financial markets data and infrastructure. With over 40,000 customers and 400,000 end users across approximately 190 markets, we are an essential partner to the global financial community and redefining the future of data in financial services. We enable customers to draw crucial insights through data, feeds, analytics, AI and workflow solutions.

With our unique insights seamlessly integrated into your workflow, you can identify opportunity and seize competitive advantage.

When you see LSEG Data & Analytics,what do you think of?Look closely and you'll findcomprehensive data you can trust,exclusive access to Reuters news, industry-leading analytics,and unique insights.Explore our ever-expanding universe of data,delivered when and how you need it.Customise and integrate our innovative workflow solutionsthat supercharge your impact.Gain competitive advantagewith our AI-powered analytics tools and models,to help you navigate the markets with more certainty.Discover new possibilitieswith LSEG Data & Analytics.

OUR SOLUTIONS

What you need. Where you need it. How you need it.

Our user-friendly workflows and open approach put the power of our unrivalled data and analytics universe right where you need it. Uncover new insights and new opportunities with LSEG Data & Analytics.

Data & Feeds
Powering your business with best in class global market data and feeds. Open, cloud-collaborative and underpinned by market-leading distribution and management technology, our data can meet your needs, whatever they may be.
Discover our Data & Feeds services Opens in a new tab
Discover our Data & Feeds services

Analytics
The power of an innovative, AI-powered analytics platform, allows you to rapidly transform data into highly relevant actionable insights and build custom analytics, ensuring you stay ahead amid advancing technologies.
Discover our Analytics solutions Opens in a new tab
Discover our Analytics solutions

Workflows
Through interoperable and collaborative workflows, we supercharge your impact with unique insights, news and cutting-edge analytics, all powered by our open ecosystem, LSEG Workspace.
Discover the power of Workspace Opens in a new tab
Discover the power of Workspace

HOW WE CAN HELP

Building your success together

At LSEG, we focus on the innovations and partnerships that matter most to the financial community. We're working with market leaders to amplify our capabilities and to maximise your advantage.

Reshaping the future of global finance together

LSEG’s strategic partnership with Microsoft is reshaping how financial services are built, delivered, and experienced. Guided by our ‘LSEG everywhere’ AI strategy we are creating next-generation AI-ready data, analytics, and cloud infrastructure solutions – empowering our customers to make more possible.

Learn more about our strategic partnership
Enabling sustainable growth: why partner with us

For over 20 years, across our businesses, we have played a central role in shaping the worlds of finance and sustainability. Our customers can access comprehensive cross-asset data, analytics and indices to enhance transparency in their decision-making, and navigate new sustainability regulations. We operate with transparency and continually invest in building our expertise, client partnerships and collaboration with ESG industry stakeholders - we are seen as a leader in the sustainable finance and investment space.

Learn more about our sustainable finance and investment data solutions
Reuters News. Exclusive to LSEG.

We are the sole provider of Reuters news to the global financial marketplace. With its 170-year history and reputation for trust and accuracy, Reuters is at the heart of our news service – on the ground everywhere covering the news that matters, every day for every major market sector – delivering market-moving headlines plus agenda-setting insight and commentary.

Learn more about LSEG’s Financial News Service
Customer Consulting

We are a global in-house team of business and technical consultants, solution architects and project managers. Delivering human and technical expertise, we enable our customers to maximise the value of our products and services.

With proven knowledge and understanding of our technology, products and customer infrastructures, we build solutions that best fit your needs. We use our strong experience and knowledge to first understand your requirements, then craft and implement the right solutions.

Learn more about Customer Consulting
We stay ahead to keep you ahead

Leverage the next generation of AI-driven products, using a sophisticated orchestration of Large Language Models that transform vast amount of live financial data into precise, actionable insights.

Learn more about our Analytics solutions to gain competitive advantage
Insights
More Data & Analytics insights

ARTICLE

Transformation ahead: Five key corporate action trends for 2026
Corporate actions data is evolving into a real-time, AI-powered strategic asset. Discover five key trends transforming trading, risk and operations in 2026.
December 19, 2025 • Fausto Marseglia • 
 9 min

ARTICLE

Carbon market convergence is a turning point for climate finance
Carbon markets are converging fast, reshaping climate finance. Learn what’s driving the shift, why quality matters, and how businesses can unlock new value.
December 18, 2025 • 
 3 min

ARTICLE

Wealth Insider Insights: Direct indexing and the future of personalised investing
AI and data are redefining client engagement in wealth management—creating faster, smarter, and more human digital-first experiences.
December 17, 2025 • Michael Boardman • 
 5 min
Get in touch
Email sales
Call sales
EMAIL YOUR LOCAL SALES TEAM

Product of interest

First name

Last name

Email address

Phone number

(numerals only; no dashes)

Country/territory

City(optional)

Company

Job title

Area of interest: Help us connect you to the right expert(optional)

By submitting this form, you agree to your personal data being shared within the London Stock Exchange Group of companies (LSEG) for the purpose of receiving communications via post, phone and electronic means from LSEG about events, resources, products, and/or services.


For more information on how LSEG uses your data, see our Privacy Statement. You can adjust your preferences at any time through the preference link in any electronic communication that you receive from us.

Submit
HELP & SUPPORT
Already a customer?
Get help through MyAccount
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Contact LSEG near you
Find your nearest LSEG office
Search
DATA & ANALYTICS
Discover Data & Analytics
Contact sales
Product logins
CONNECT WITH US
LinkedIn
X
YouTube
LANGUAGES
English
日本語 – 日本
简体中文 – 中国
CORPORATE
Who we are
Careers
Media Centre
Investor Relations
Office locations
Security Centre
Privacy Statement
Cookie Statement
Cookie settings
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Whistleblowing
UK Bribery Act
Modern Slavery Act
Our use of cookies
LSEG websites use cookies and similar technologies for various purposes including functionality, performance, targeting, social media, and for the proper functioning of websites. The cookies and similar technologies may include those deployed by third parties for providing services to us and they may use the same to improve, enhance, and deliver their services to all of their customers. To access a list of cookies used by this LSEG website please review the Cookie Settings. You can change your cookie preferences for this LSEG website at any time through our Cookie Settings tool, available at the footer of the website. For more information, please read our Cookie Statement.
Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all cookies