Ir al contenido
Publishers
Advertisers
About Refinery
Resources
Login
Start Today
GET STARTED
For Publishers By Publishers
Our Core Signature. Why do we monetize ads so successfully?
Award Winning Technology
Single Tag. Best-in-class to
monetize ads
PROFESSIONALS HELPING
0
HAPPY WEBSITES
+
0
EUROPEAN & LATAM PUBLISHER NETWORK
#
1
Reliable partner to monetize your ads? Done and Done!
Monetize your Sites, Apps or both!
Award Winning
& Google Proof
Monetization Technology

One line of code: you start to grow your revenue on the same day. 

A lightning-fast tag prevents Content Layout Shift (CLS). This way you prioritize: user experience, Google SERP and Google Discover rankings.

As Google Certified Publishing Partners, we work closely with Google to resolve any ad related issues for our publishers. We have your back!

Monetize your ads on your terms
We are flexible, start without a contract
We integrate your SSPs
We help you A/B test our solution first
We equip you to run your direct campaigns
We hook you up with our Fixed RPM Tech
Let monetization of your ads go through the roof!
Get in touch

We will respond to you within 24 hours, check out your website and once approved send you the ads.txt and tag to implement in your head.

Implement our single line of code​

Get clear instructions and place our Single Tag solution on your web or our Mobile App SDK. We make sure all ads will be placed optimally, and we always await your feedback. Remember, for publishers by publishers!

Start monetizing!

We connect your site and optimize your setup, giving you real time feedback. Monitor performance with our dashboard and receive monthly payments.

Don´t just take our word for it...
Thadeu Barbosa
Owner
"We recently made the switch to Refinery89 and the results are already noticeable in the first few days.
Honorable mention goes to Vinicius Vargas, who has served us very well and worked in constant partnership so that we have the results we have achieved today. A result that is monitored day by day. I strongly recommend Refinery89 and hope we have a long-standing partnership!"
Gustavo Furtado
Owner
"I'm having a very good experience with Refinery89. We've been working together for about one month and the revenue is very good. I also have an excellent support from Vinicius that's always ready to help adjusting ads, settings and always looking for ways to improve our results balancing revenue and user experience."
Jorge Miralles
Owner
"Very attentive staff, close and always willing to help to reach a good port. Good campaigns and good payments."
Manuel Prado
Digital Development Director

"Our partnership with Refinery89 has borne fruit shortly after joining forces, delivering remarkable results for us. Since we started our partnership, we have seen a significant improvement in our Core Web Vitals and the user experience on our website. Not only have we experienced an increase in ad revenue, with positive future growth forecasts, but we are also witnessing a rise in traffic."

Joris Dekkers
Managing Director Benelux

"It’s an absolute pleasure to work with Refinery89. Their prompt responses, willingness to assist, flexibility, and cooperative mindset have helped us generate a steady and impressive revenue stream. A professional team I highly recommend!"

Ivette Morales
Account Relationship Manager

“Before working with Refinery, we lacked control and struggled to generate expected revenue. Refinery provided us with a wide variety of SSPs and exceptional service, especially Jaime has been a great ally with his warmth and professionalism, even during non-working hours! They have significantly increased our revenue and improved the UX. We couldn't ask for better service and attention!”

Allain Bollery
Owner

“You guys knew how to wait for a year before I gave my webmaster the green light to collaborate with us. It was not an urgent situation, but the constant decrease in revenue from Google Adsense, although not worrying, caught my attention more and more, as the number of visitors and page views remained stable or increasing. It is concluded that you have not made a mistake with "the product". Our ad income has returned to an acceptable level, and there is still room for improvement. You have been of great help in optimizing our performance. You are available when you try to contact them, which is not the case with all publisher networks.”

Fabian Morren
Head of Outcome

"We've been working together since 2021 and it's truly impressive how Refinery89 continues to improve year after year through optimizations and technology improvements."

Davide Palmieri
Owner & Founder

"Our experience with Refinery89 has been very positive. Here are the highlights: 1. Excellent customer service: The Italian representative, Francesco Molea, was extremely professional, friendly, transparent and attentive to our needs. Having a native Italian representative greatly facilitated communication, making every interaction smooth and effective. 2. Above-average earnings: The revenues generated are higher than many agencies. 3. Quality of ads: The ads provided are of a very good standard. 4. Reliability of payments: Payments have always been on time and accurate. The overall experience was very satisfactory, mainly due to Francesco Molea's excellent support, the economic results achieved, and the ease of communication that made every aspect of collaboration simpler and more direct."

Albert Koops
Senior Publisher Partnerships Manager

"We really like working together with Refinery89, especially the Dutch directness and their attention to detail works great for both! We are always keen on signing long lasting partnerships with premium publishers that offer high value and with Refinery89 we definitely get this at scale!"

Philip Hoelzel
CTO

"Refinery89 is like a well-oiled machine! Their great people and easy technology work like a charm. With expert knowledge, good overview, and fast response times, they've delivered great revenue. Surprisingly, we've had no unexpected surprises - but that's a good thing!"

Diego Álvarez
Founder

“We were struggling with declining earnings and poor support from Google AdSense, but I was hesitant to try another ad company. Then Refinery came along. Initially, I was skeptical, but their personal approach and attention to detail won me over. Now I have absolute peace of mind and stability, without worrying about money. Their service is the opposite of AdSense.”

Caroline Kraaijvanger
Founder

"Refinery89 has been a game-changer for us. With a fixed point of contact and excellent communication, they've helped us optimize ad revenue without compromising user experience. Their transparency and expertise have given us valuable insights, resulting in much more stable income. Their solutions enable us to optimize our website with precision and keep our finger on the pulse."

Peter De Smedt
CEO

"At Refinery89, I felt welcomed and appreciated as a partner from the start, not a number. Their communication, efficiency, and teamwork helped me double my ad revenue even with declining traffic and they took care of a CMP. In one word: P-E-R-F-E-C-T!"

Dennis Peeters
Co-Founder

"Refinery89's expert ad management and technical support help us to optimize our website for increased revenue and better SEO. Their excellent communication and total package approach are top-notch and really valuable. We're excited to continue working with them for the future!"

Alex van Vogelpoel
Founder

"Refinery89 saved us from the advertising nightmare we were living in! After years of disappointing experiences with other partners, their direct and clear communication, well-organized system, and reliable revenue growth have taken a huge weight off our shoulders. No more worries about ads – just peace of mind!"

Paul Macdonald
Co-Founder

"Refinery89 provided an efficient advertising solution that optimized our pages and generated a solid revenue stream. Their communication and quick problem-solving capabilities are excellent, and their technology ensured a clean user experience. We highly recommend them!"

Arjan Brinkman
Founder

"Refinery89 delivers a powerful ad solution! With better fill rates, clean dashboard, and valuable insights, they've helped us optimize our ad performance. Their quick response times, hassle-free ad tag and active ticket support system make them an invaluable partner. Just give it a try - you won't regret it!"

Kevin de Vette
Co-Founder

"Refinery89 is a breath of fresh air! With their stable revenue and flexible approach, they've helped us grow our business. Their quick response times and no-nonsense attitude make them the perfect partner."

Ramón Moraleda
CEO

“Before working with Refinery, we struggled to optimize our website. Refinery's professionalism and human touch helped us improve our UX and increase our revenue. We appreciate their honesty, fast payment, and commitment to solve any issues that arise. We're lucky to have found Refinery, and are grateful for the outstanding work of Néstor and Jaime. Thank you!”

Ben
COO

“Refinery89 turned our ad RPM from low to high! With quick response times and expert insights, they truly helped us optimize our revenue. Their straightforward communication and impressive skills make them the perfect partner. They are the real deal!”

Alexandre Tartarin
Account Manager

“Refinery89's trust and efficiency helped us launch our technology on dozens of premium publisher websites within a few months, offering our advertisers one of the most engaging and impactful real estate on the open web to drive business outcomes.”

Yanina Segatti
Technical Account Manager

"Thanks to our partnership with Refinery89, we are able to help our advertising clients achieve their maximin potential through premium inventory and open-bidding solutions."

Monika Smetkowska
Senior Publisher Success Manager

“It is always a pleasure to work with Refinery89. Not only do they bring valuable inventory to our portfolio, but also they are growing at the speed of light. They are real specialists in their field who always work with us looking for new ideas and solutions, making both our businesses grow.
What's more, they are just super nice people with whom even the toughest troubleshooting it's a piece of cake.”

Fabrice Wolf
CEO

"In just a few months of collaboration, Refinery 89 helped us change our business model.  Although Meta-defense, with its 2 million page views per month, is not a major site in terms of audience, R89 was able to support the model, and proved to be excellent in both precious advice and fast support.
I would recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, efficient and attentive partner for digital monetization issues."

Constantin Duge
Owner

"From consulting to implementation. Perfect collaboration and more revenue generated than the competition. We will continue to rely on Refinery89 for all our websites in the future."

Yusuf Khan
Manager - Ad Networks
"I wanted to take a moment to express my gratitude for the fantastic new ad format you’ve developed. Your innovative approach has significantly improved our monetization efforts, and we’ve seen a noticeable increase in revenue since its implementation.
The new format is not only more engaging for our audience but also seamlessly integrates with our content, enhancing the overall user experience. Your hard work and creativity are truly appreciated.
I would also like to give a special shoutout to Sarah for her quick resolutions and unwavering support. Her efficiency and dedication have been invaluable, and she has made the entire process smooth and stress-free.
We’re excited to see what you come up with next and are always here to support your efforts."
Oliver Sonnen
Founder
"As a publisher of a news portal, it is extremely important for us to react quickly to current events. Both regionally and globally. It's helpful to have a clear head and not be under constant pressure to organize ad management. Refinery89 relieves us of this worry and takes care of the complete planning, realization and processing. We see the excellent result in the reliable monthly invoices, which have reached a new level right from the start of the collaboration. Our contact person David Belmonte Axtner is available to us at all times in all areas. A ‘’real"’ contact person and not an AI. We would like to recommend Refinery89 without reservation."
Markus Jordan
Owner

"With Refinery89, I was actually able to more than double our advertising revenue. The advance forecasts actually became a reality. It's annoying that we didn't switch to the service sooner."

Manuel Welchez
Digital Sales Manager

"Refinery89 came to centralize and organize all the different providers connected, now we have a much clear and reliable set-up, performing way better, and we also have great support from the whole team."

Evangelina Njirjak
Monetization Manager

"We are very happy with the work Refinery89 has done for us, they have helped us a lot to organize our set-up efficiently and earn more money from advertising."

Wilfried Kahrs
Tech and Sales Director

"With Refinery89, we got an ad provider for the first time where everything was just right. Right from the start, we had a native-speaking account manager, in this case David Belmonte Axtner, who was available every minute during normal working hours and never missed a response. The technical team is amazingly adept, making troubleshooting quick, easy and competent. You can't hope for more from an advertising provider."

Thadeu Barbosa
Owner
"We recently made the switch to Refinery89 and the results are already noticeable in the first few days.
Honorable mention goes to Vinicius Vargas, who has served us very well and worked in constant partnership so that we have the results we have achieved today. A result that is monitored day by day. I strongly recommend Refinery89 and hope we have a long-standing partnership!"
Gustavo Furtado
Owner
"I'm having a very good experience with Refinery89. We've been working together for about one month and the revenue is very good. I also have an excellent support from Vinicius that's always ready to help adjusting ads, settings and always looking for ways to improve our results balancing revenue and user experience."
Jorge Miralles
Owner
"Very attentive staff, close and always willing to help to reach a good port. Good campaigns and good payments."
Manuel Prado
Digital Development Director

"Our partnership with Refinery89 has borne fruit shortly after joining forces, delivering remarkable results for us. Since we started our partnership, we have seen a significant improvement in our Core Web Vitals and the user experience on our website. Not only have we experienced an increase in ad revenue, with positive future growth forecasts, but we are also witnessing a rise in traffic."

Joris Dekkers
Managing Director Benelux

"It’s an absolute pleasure to work with Refinery89. Their prompt responses, willingness to assist, flexibility, and cooperative mindset have helped us generate a steady and impressive revenue stream. A professional team I highly recommend!"

Ivette Morales
Account Relationship Manager

“Before working with Refinery, we lacked control and struggled to generate expected revenue. Refinery provided us with a wide variety of SSPs and exceptional service, especially Jaime has been a great ally with his warmth and professionalism, even during non-working hours! They have significantly increased our revenue and improved the UX. We couldn't ask for better service and attention!”

Ad monetization doubts? Ask away.

Revolutionizing the advertising ecosystem through tech and people.

Linkedin
 
Youtube
 
X-twitter
 
Instagram
Refinery89
Publishers
Advertisers
About Us
Resources
Referral Program
What we do
Single Tag - Web Monetization
Monetize App SDK
Interest-Driven Targeting
Advertise on Twitch
Want to stay up-to-date? Subscribe to our newsletter
SIGN ME UP!
Netherlands

Overhoeksplein 1
1031KS Amsterdam
+31 654 655 280

Spain & Latam

Francisco Salas, 24
28039 Madrid
+34 681 026 725

Italy

Via Giuseppe Mazzini, 9
20123 Milan
+39 388 48 34 966

France

92 Av. Champs-Élysées
75008 Paris
+33 6 77 23 99 59

Germany

Hermannstraße 13
20095 Hamburg
+31 203 233 690

Sweden

Regeringsgatan 29
111 51 Stockholm
+46 731 214 249

Brazil

Rio Claro, 241
01332-010 São Paulo
+34 650 828 529

Privacy Policy   |    Legal Notice   |   Cookies Policy   |   TCF Compliance Attestation   |   ©2025 Refinery89. All rights reserved.