LSEG Data & Analytics | Financial Technology & Data | Data Analytics Skip navigation LSEG Data & Analytics FTSE Russell London Stock Exchange FX Post Trade Risk Intelligence Our businesses LSEG LSEG Data & Analytics FTSE Russell London Stock Exchange FX Post Trade Risk Intelligence LSEG Data & Analytics LSEG Data & Analytics Get in touch Discover new possibilities LSEG Data & Analytics is one of the world’s largest providers of financial markets data and infrastructure. With over 40,000 customers and 400,000 end users across approximately 190 markets, we are an essential partner to the global financial community and redefining the future of data in financial services. We enable customers to draw crucial insights through data, feeds, analytics, AI and workflow solutions. With our unique insights seamlessly integrated into your workflow, you can identify opportunity and seize competitive advantage. When you see LSEG Data & Analytics,what do you think of?Look closely and you'll findcomprehensive data you can trust,exclusive access to Reuters news, industry-leading analytics,and unique insights.Explore our ever-expanding universe of data,delivered when and how you need it.Customise and integrate our innovative workflow solutionsthat supercharge your impact.Gain competitive advantagewith our AI-powered analytics tools and models,to help you navigate the markets with more certainty.Discover new possibilitieswith LSEG Data & Analytics. Our solutions What you need. Where you need it. How you need it. Our user-friendly workflows and open approach put the power of our unrivalled data and analytics universe right where you need it. Uncover new insights and new opportunities with LSEG Data & Analytics. Data & Feeds Powering your business with best in class global market data and feeds. Open, cloud-collaborative and underpinned by market-leading distribution and management technology, our data can meet your needs, whatever they may be. Discover our Data & Feeds services Opens in a new tab Discover our Data & Feeds services arrow-right Analytics The power of an innovative, AI-powered analytics platform, allows you to rapidly transform data into highly relevant actionable insights and build custom analytics, ensuring you stay ahead amid advancing technologies. Discover our Analytics solutions Opens in a new tab Discover our Analytics solutions arrow-right Workflows Through interoperable and collaborative workflows, we supercharge your impact with unique insights, news and cutting-edge analytics, all powered by our open ecosystem, LSEG Workspace. Discover the power of Workspace Opens in a new tab Discover the power of Workspace arrow-right How we can help Building your success together At LSEG, we focus on the innovations and partnerships that matter most to the financial community. We're working with market leaders to amplify our capabilities and to maximise your advantage. Reshaping the future of global finance together LSEG’s strategic partnership with Microsoft is reshaping how financial services are built, delivered, and experienced. Guided by our ‘LSEG everywhere’ AI strategy we are creating next-generation AI-ready data, analytics, and cloud infrastructure solutions – empowering our customers to make more possible. Learn more about our strategic partnership arrow-right Enabling sustainable growth: why partner with us For over 20 years, across our businesses, we have played a central role in shaping the worlds of finance and sustainability. Our customers can access comprehensive cross-asset data, analytics and indices to enhance transparency in their decision-making, and navigate new sustainability regulations. We operate with transparency and continually invest in building our expertise, client partnerships and collaboration with ESG industry stakeholders - we are seen as a leader in the sustainable finance and investment space. Learn more about our sustainable finance and investment data solutions arrow-right Reuters News. Exclusive to LSEG. We are the sole provider of Reuters news to the global financial marketplace. With its 170-year history and reputation for trust and accuracy, Reuters is at the heart of our news service – on the ground everywhere covering the news that matters, every day for every major market sector – delivering market-moving headlines plus agenda-setting insight and commentary. Learn more about LSEG’s Financial News Service arrow-right Customer Consulting We are a global in-house team of business and technical consultants, solution architects and project managers. Delivering human and technical expertise, we enable our customers to maximise the value of our products and services. With proven knowledge and understanding of our technology, products and customer infrastructures, we build solutions that best fit your needs. We use our strong experience and knowledge to first understand your requirements, then craft and implement the right solutions. Learn more about Customer Consulting arrow-right We stay ahead to keep you ahead Leverage the next generation of AI-driven products, using a sophisticated orchestration of Large Language Models that transform vast amount of live financial data into precise, actionable insights. Learn more about our Analytics solutions to gain competitive advantage arrow-right Insights More Data & Analytics insights Article Transformation ahead: Five key corporate action trends for 2026 Corporate actions data is evolving into a real-time, AI-powered strategic asset. Discover five key trends transforming trading, risk and operations in 2026. December 19, 2025 • Fausto Marseglia • 9 min Article Carbon market convergence is a turning point for climate finance Carbon markets are converging fast, reshaping climate finance. Learn what’s driving the shift, why quality matters, and how businesses can unlock new value. December 18, 2025 • 3 min Article Wealth Insider Insights: Direct indexing and the future of personalised investing AI and data are redefining client engagement in wealth management—creating faster, smarter, and more human digital-first experiences. December 17, 2025 • Michael Boardman • 5 min Get in touch Email sales Call sales Email your local sales team Select one DataScope Select Datastream ESG Data Market Data Pricing Data REDI EMS Workspace Other Product of interest First name Last name Email address Phone number (numerals only; no dashes) Select one Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guernsey Guyana Heard and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Rep Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sth Georgia & Sth Sandwich Is St Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay US Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Zambia Country/territory City (optional) Company Job title Area of interest: Help us connect you to the right expert (optional) By submitting this form, you agree to your personal data being shared within the London Stock Exchange Group of companies (LSEG) for the purpose of receiving communications via post, phone and electronic means from LSEG about events, resources, products, and/or services. Accept terms () For more information on how LSEG uses your data, see our Privacy Statement . You can adjust your preferences at any time through the preference link in any electronic communication that you receive from us. Call your local sales team Americas All countries (toll free): +1 800 427 7570 Brazil: +55 11 47009629 Argentina: +54 11 53546700 Chile: +56 2 24838932 Mexico: +52 55 80005740 Colombia: +57 1 4419404 Europe, Middle East, Africa Europe: +442045302020 Africa: +27 11 775 3188 Middle East & North Africa: 800035704182 Asia Pacific (Sub-Regional) Australia & Pacific Islands: +612 8066 2494 China mainland: +86 10 6627 1095 Hong Kong & Macau: +852 3077 5499 India, Bangladesh, Nepal, Maldives & Sri Lanka: +91 22 6180 7525 Indonesia: +622150960350 Japan: +813 6743 6515 Korea: +822 3478 4303 Malaysia & Brunei: +603 7 724 0502 New Zealand: +64 9913 6203 Philippines: 180 089 094 050 (Globe) or 180 014 410 639 (PLDT) Singapore and all non-listed ASEAN Countries: +65 6415 5484 Taiwan: +886 2 7734 4677 Thailand & Laos: +662 844 9576 Help & Support Already a customer? Get help through MyAccount arrow-right Office locations Contact LSEG near you Find your nearest LSEG office arrow-right Search Data & Analytics Discover Data & Analytics Contact sales Product logins Connect with us LinkedIn X YouTube Languages English 日本語 – 日本 简体中文 – 中国 Corporate Who we are Careers Media Centre Investor Relations Office locations Security Centre Privacy Statement Cookie Statement Cookie Settings Sitemap Terms of Use Accessibility Whistleblowing UK Bribery Act Modern Slavery Act