REHAU Group | Engineering progress – Enhancing lives Contact us Back to menu About Us Facts & Figures Subgroups REHAU Building Solutions REHAU Industrial Solutions REHAU Interior Solutions Meraxis REHAU New Ventures RAUMEDIC REHAU Window Solutions Social Engagement History The REHAU Way Vision, purpose, competencies and values. Sustainability Innovations MegaTrends Personalized Connected Circular Career News Websites Worldwide Welcome to the REHAU Group. Experience a world in which the solutions and products of our family of Subgroups enhance lives around the world day by day. The REHAU Group. Welcome to the REHAU Group. Experience a world in which the solutions and products of our family of Subgroups enhance lives around the world day by day. The REHAU Group. Our commitment - for your satisfaction. As a family-run Group of Subgroups with an impressive history, we are proud that the engineering services provided by the REHAU Group enhance lives around the globe. Our 13.000 employees at over 160 locations work with heart and passion on innovative products and solutions. In doing so, we keep a constant eye on trends, innovations and sustainability concerns. We never stop being curious and open-minded to new ways of doing things. This is how we manage to create individual solutions and constantly redefine the boundaries of what is possible. The Subgroups and business segments of the REHAU Group We invite you to discover the wide range of opportunities, solutions and products made possible by the companies of the REHAU Group. Learn more about us News from the REHAU Group. 04.12.2025 Three Red Dot awards in 2025 REHAU Window Solutions receives two brand awards and one product award 03.12.2025 REHAU Building Solutions Becomes One-Stop-Shop for Water Technologies 21.10.2025 Meraxis expands market position with its own compounding plant 14.10.2025 30 years of success in Romania REHAU Window Solutions celebrates its anniversary with customers and partners and continues to expand steadily – in Europe and worldwide. Read all news Engineering progress Enhancing lives Quicklinks About Us Sustainability News Websites Worldwide Contact us Imprint Legal Notice Privacy Policy Purchasing Compliance Whistleblowing System Your country Albania Algeria Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Belarus Belgium Belize Bosnia-Herz. Brazil Bulgaria Canada (en) Canada (fr) Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic El Salvador Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Guatemala Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Kazakhstan Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Malaysia Mexico Middle East Moldavia Montenegro Morocco New Zealand Netherlands Nicaragua Norway Peru Philippines Poland Portugal REHAU Group Romania Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Tunisia Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom USA Vietnam Maximum cart size of 3 items has been reached! Your sample cart items: Type Decor Collection Clear cart Order samples