Reincubate — Unlock your potential Home Camo Camo Studio for PC & Mac Great video made easy Camo Studio for iPad Create with ease from your iPad Camo Studio for Apple Vision Stream and record from any reality Camo Camera Use your phone as a webcam Other apps iPhone Backup Extractor BlackBerry Backup Extractor DMG Extractor Reincubate Lookup Relay & ricloud API DeviceIdentifier API Support Resources Contact us Manage licenses About Company & values Press kit & brand Privacy & security Terms & conditions News Deutsch Español Français 日本語 简体中文 Pусский Nederlands Português Italiano 한국어 Deutsch Español Français 日本語 简体中文 Pусский Nederlands Português Italiano 한국어 Unlock your potential Forward-thinking teams around the world use Reincubate for incredible video. Users rate Reincubate as one of the UK’s most-loved software companies Camo About us In the press Don’t just take our word for it Our apps are frequently covered by the press and appear in a number of independent guides and reviews. We are often called upon to provide expert analysis on topics ranging from data security and privacy, to in-home videography and remote work. If you are looking to cover Reincubate or one of our apps, reach out and we’d be happy to help in any way we can. Press kit Camo reviews “We're excited to partner with Reincubate to harness its AI video technology, enabling HP’s next gen AI PC users to collaborate clearly,” said Guayente Sanmartin, Senior Vice President & Division President, Commercial Systems & Display Solutions at HP. “This partnership leverages HP’s next-gen AI PC NPUs to deliver more immersive digital collaboration experiences. Because all the AI processing of video and audio is entirely local on the NPU, it's not only more efficient, but completely secure.” HP Newsroom “Reincubate makes Camo, a good app that lets you use an iPhone as a live webcam with your Mac” Recent coverage Dec 8 th , 2025 Windows gets its own screen-powered ring light via a new app - and it already does more than Apple's native version Windows Central Nov 19 th , 2025 Apple announces finalists for the 2025 App Store Awards Apple Newsroom Nov 9 th , 2025 This 4K webcam feels like a killer value — even without the free lifetime Camo Studio subscription included Windows Central Oct 15 th , 2025 Introducing Razer Kiyo V2: 4K. Now With AI. Razer Newsroom Sep 24 th , 2025 Windows ML is generally available: Empowering developers to scale local AI across Windows devices Windows Blog Jun 1 st , 2025 Say goodbye to fuzzy, hazy, and low resolution webcam video with this free app TechRadar May 19 th , 2025 The Future of AI on Windows 11 PCs: Supporting Windows ML to Scale AI Experiences AMD Blog May 19 th , 2025 Introducing Windows ML: The future of machine learning development on Windows Windows Blog From our blog Launching Camo Streamlight Today we're launching Camo Streamlight, the first virtual ring light with real HDR power. Learn more about how it helps your video shine. Read more iPhone Backup Extractor supports iOS 26 Even in unpredictable times, there are things you can count on. For my eighteenth year in a row, here I am to say: iPhone Backup Extractor fully supports the incoming Apple software updates: iOS 26 and iPadOS 26. Read more Introducing Camo Studio 2.3 Camo Studio 2.3 is one of our biggest updates yet, making it easier to achieve stand-out video with new and improved Scenes, Profiles, support for Screen Capture and a new Add-ons mechanism. Read more Get help Manage licenses Contact us Company & values Newsletter News & blog Press kit King's Award for Enterprise : Reincubate has won the UK’s highest official business honour three times; most recently for our innovative work on Camo to democratise incredible video. Our relationships with users and partners are at the core of our values and the products we create. See our reviews to hear what they have to say about us. © 2008 - 2025 Reincubate Ltd. All rights reserved. Registered in England and Wales #5189175, VAT GB151788978. Reincubate® and Camo® are registered trademarks. Privacy policy & terms . Reincubate newsletter Sign up here to stay up to date with announcements regarding our apps and services. We send updates every few months with the latest news. Help We use cookies to track usage and improve your experience. I understand Privacy Policy