UPCOMING EVENT: Meet us at Future of Publishers in Paris on January 22nd, 2026. Read more >>
 Email: sales@relevant-digital.com
Company
SaaS & Services
Resources
Clients
English
Talk with us 
Yield Platform For Digital Ad Sellers 

By Relevant Digital

Increase your ad revenue and streamline operations with our modular AI-assisted platform. Relevant Yield's three modules offer comprehensive ad revenue reporting, real-time performance analytics and advanced header bidding management. Leading publishers worldwide already rely on us to optimise their ad sales.

Talk with us

Trusted by:
Relevant Yield, a complete solution to perform in Ad Sales

By themselves or combined, our three modules offer a range of services to uplift your ad sales revenue.

 

 

 

Three complementary modules



Relevant Yield’s mission is to help ad sellers operate independently and efficiently with three modules that integrate seamlessly with your existing setup. And with any purchased module, you also gain access to Relevant AI — your intelligent assistant for insights and optimisation.



All ad sales data into one Dashboard

SSP and ad server sales data into one dashboard with customisable insights for control, optimisation and new opportunities.

 Ad Revenue Insights

Ensure optimal AdTech performance

Real-time metrics and alerts for ad tech performance, offering highly customisable tracking to enhance optimisation and security.

 HB Analytics

Simplify Header Bidding management

Technology-agnostic web and in-app Prebid management with testing, server-side support, and sophisticated features.

 HB Manager

Contact us

 
USER STORY

"Ad Revenue Insight reporting helps us manage a larger number of websites with fewer resources and achieve faster and more accurate reporting."

Vincent Batelaan, Head of Inventory @Next Day Media

View the case study

Making your team's life simpler

Our ambition is to provide a high-level Yield platform for any team member. That's why our engineers work relentlessly to make our tool highly advanced and customisable, while requiring the least amount of code from your end.

 

Relevant AI: Reach your goals faster.

Available for all modules, it can help you do anything.

 

 

 

Discover Relevant AI

Supporting services

More than just a SaaS, our team of Experts can help you in all your Ad Sales endeavours, from Open RTB monetisation with Relevant programmatic to strategic consulting and Operative services. We've got your back.

 

More information
Seamlessly integrated with any AdTech partner
 

Built by AdTech experts

Our team shares the same passion for AdTech, and some of them contribute to shaping AdTech policies & standards. That's why our products are constantly improved.

Ronny Linder

CPO, Partner, Member of several Prebid Taskforces

Petri Kokkonen

CEO, Partner, Member of the IAB Finland Board

Olli Järvilehto

Chief Operating Officer, Partner

Alex Fawcett

Head of Customer Success, Member of Prebid's Mobile PMC

View the whole team
Based in the Nordics, present worldwide

 

 
With you at every step

By design, our platform is unbiased and technology-agnostic. We sit on your side to help you find the best ways to generate more revenue by improving settings and selecting partners.

 

 

Client satisfaction is our priority


Our team remains by your side to help you make the most of our platform.

Here is what our customers say
4.6
66 reviews
Write a review
The guys at Relevant are always available to help troubleshoot and fix any issues as well as providing a variety of insight into a lot of areas!
DW
Dave Walton
Collaborating with Relevant Digital has been smooth in every aspect. At various project stages, we have received expert assistance and guidance to enable display advertising in our mobile applicati...
Show more
JM
Juha Mellin
Helsinki • tuudo.fi
Expert and friendly team at Relevant. I always get help quickly. Good job, you all!
L
Lila
Before partnering with Relevant Digital, we faced several hurdles in optimising our ad performance and maximising revenue. Since implementing the Relevant Yield platform, we’ve not only met but exc...
Show more
UM
Umair Malik
US • Motorsport Network
Prior to our partnership, we faced several challenges. However, by leveraging the Relevant Yield platform, we were able to successfully overcome these issues. This progress wouldn't have been possi...
Show more
ES
Emre Sevim
Austria • EO24
Relevant Digital has been a game-changer for our programmatic operations. Its flexible, simplified UI makes optimising and onboarding bidders at scale effortless. The real-time analytics and API re...
Show more
TH
Terry Hogan
Skyscanner • United Kingdom
Fast and updated service. We are very pleased with the help of Suvi and the UI that Relevant Yield has. We use the reports every day and it makes it more efficient for us to make business decisions...
Show more
JG
Josephine Guttenborg
Copenhagen • Krak A/S
Relevant Yield and their products enabled us to bring our Header Bidding to the next level.
VM
Vittorio Mares
Switzerland • SMG
We are very impressed with the reporting suite in Relevant. The data available, visualisations, and responsiveness are possibly the best we have seen in all the adserver/SSPs we have been working w...
Show more
OG
Oscar Gjævert
Norway • Schibsted
With the API Insight reporting, we can accurately handle each website’s reporting, and our publishers can log in and see their performance through the Relevant Yield interface. This helps us mainta...
Show more
VB
Vincent Batelaan
Netherlands • Next Day Media
1 / 12
Join our monthly newsletter
Email*

RELEVANT DIGITAL OY

Business ID: 2448468-7


Head Office
Keilaranta 1, 02150 Espoo, Finland

Other locations
New York, USA
Nice, France
Copenhagen, Denmark
Stockholm, Sweden


 

Services
Ad Sales Data
Optimal Performance
Header Bidding
Supporting services
Resources
Relevant Blog
Newsletter
Weekly ad tech wrap
Knowledge space
Contact Us

+358 40 833 5077

sales@relevant-digital.com

(c) 2025 All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
We need your consent to provide personalized experience

Relevant Digital and its third-party vendors collect personal data (e.g. IP address, device identifier) through the use of cookies and other technical methods which are storing and accessing data on your device to provide the best user experience and show targetted content and advertising.

Relevant Digital and its partners require consent for following:

Purposes

Store and/or access information on a device

Personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights

Develop and improve products

Special Features

Use precise geolocation data

Actively scan device characteristics for identification

By accepting, you are allowing data processing within the service, rejection can affect the user experience. Some third-party vendors might use their legitimate interest to operate, you can object that or change other settings at any time by selecting "Settings" at the bottom of the page.

Privacy
Settings
Accept all