Renaissance AI for Education | Assessment, Personalized Learning, Smarter teaching solutions Skip to content See Every Student. Request a Demo Home Solutions Comprehensive Assessment Developing Early Readers Dyslexia Foundational Literacy Improving Math Outcomes Inspiring Emergent Bilinguals Literacy Progress Monitoring Supporting MTSS Universal Screening Renaissance AI for Education Renaissance AI for Education Data That Powers Instruction. Instruction That Drives Growth. Explore more Products Renaissance Next Renaissance Next Overview Renaissance Next for Teachers Renaissance Next for Leaders Core Publishers Assessment DnA FastBridge Fundamentals myIGDIs SAEBRS SchoolCity Star Assessments Star Phonics Practice & Instruction Practice Products Accelerated Reader Freckle Lalilo myON myON News Instruction Products Flocabulary Nearpod Insights eduCLIMBER eSchoolData Customer Education Professional Learning Product Updates Login Help System Status Resources Tools AR Bookfinder ATOS Analyzer Suggest a Quiz Reports & Research Focus Skills (English) Focus Skills (Español) How Kids Are Performing Research What Kids Are Reading Library & Media Blog Downloadable Resources EdWords MasterClass Customer Stories Videos Webinars Support Resources Back-to-School Educator Resources End-of-Year Family Resources Funding Product Updates Renaissance Educator Network State Approvals Summer Learning Research Research at Renaissance Since 1986, we've pioneered research-driven solutions in pre-K–12 assessment and reading and math programs. Go to the research hub Research Library Our research meets top standards set by respected organizations like CASE, Digital Promise, NCII, RTI Center, NDPC, and PPN. View the research library Our Research Team Our industry-leading education researchers and psychometricians shape our assessments and innovations. Meet our research team Evidence and Analytics Our research team applies decades of data and a rigorous approach to deliver proven, effective tools for educators. See our evidence of success About Us About Renaissance About Renaissance Contact & Locations People Leadership Careers Our people and purpose In the News Awards & Recognition News & Media Our mission To accelerate learning for all children and adults of all ability levels and ethnic and social backgrounds worldwide. Contact us Call (800) 338-4204 (800) 338-4204 International International Chat with us Chat Email sales Email Contact Renaissance Contact Help & support Login help Login Support Support international Australia China France United Kingdom Worldwide Connect with us Renaissance on Facebook Renaissance on X Renaissance on YouTube Renaissance on LinkedIn Renaissance on Instagram AI you can trust; impact you can see See how we lead with AI What’s the real difference in AI tools for K–12 education? In this blog, Dr. Gene Kerns, our Chief Academic Officer, explores how trustworthy data paired with generative AI tools can help to accelerate student learning in your schools. Read the post Renaissance Solutions A comprehensive, intuitive learning ecosystem Our solutions provide educators a clear view of where students are in their learning journey, research-backed guidance for what should come next, and industry-leading tools designed to help students take that next step, all in one simple, powerful, and connected platform. Assessment Accurate Assessment Simple, accurate assessments present a complete picture of what students know and what comes next. View assessment Purposeful and effective Practice and instruction Engaging and flexible tools personalize learning for each student’s unique needs. View practice and instruction Actionable Insights Powerful, intuitive platforms provide actionable data, simplify classroom and district management, and maximize student growth. View insights Research with global impact 30 years of research-backed development and success Since 1986, we have been at the forefront of developing solutions that stand the test of time, grounded in research and evidence-based best practices. As the global leader in assessment and reading and math solutions for pre-K–12 schools, our research-backed assessments are renowned for their psychometric accuracy and proven effectiveness. Our commitment to quality, innovation, and teamwork ensures that we deliver the best products for both educators and students. Learn more about Research at Renaissance Proven reliability Our assessment products achieve the highest ratings from the National Center on Intense Intervention. Evidence of effectiveness Our practice solutions are supported by evidence of effectiveness specified by the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). Continuous, research-driven improvement Our highly accomplished team of scholars and educators collaborates with experts across the country to ensure our solutions are built for the classroom of tomorrow. Responsible use of AI Our approach to AI builds on our longstanding commitment to leading the industry in the responsible use of new technologies that keep educators and students at the center. Proven results for educators and students Renaissance’s unique, open, and connected preK–12 instructional ecosystem allows teachers to make data-driven, research-backed decisions with confidence, personalize the learning experience for each individual student, and spend more time on what’s most important: teaching. > > District of Columbia Beaverton, Oregon Beaverton Schools Watch this video to learn how Beaverton Schools helps their students find their success by having the right systems in place to support each and every learner academically and behaviorally. Empowering teachers and learners with Renaissance in Beaverton School District [3:17] 2025 CODiE Award winner for Best Mathematics Instructional Solution Learn more The latest news from Renaissance Recorded webinar Bringing Dyslexia Screening into the Future Length: 5900 A panel of experts share new insights on effective screening practices—and explore the latest dyslexia research. Watch now Blog post In education, what’s the real difference between one AI-based tool and another? It’s notable when a company is so pioneering or dominant within a market that the name of the company or its product becomes synonymous with an entire category. For some people, all photocopiers are “Xerox machines.” Similarly, if we’re asked to pick up some Reynolds Wrap at the store, we’re […] Read post See Every Student. Sign up for our newsletter A newsletter full of product information, blog articles, tips, and other resources for today’s educators Thank you for subscribing! Have questions? (800) 338-4204 [email protected] Chat with us Contact support Request a demo Report a vulnerability Our mission To accelerate learning for all children and adults of all ability levels and ethnic and social backgrounds worldwide. Connect with us Renaissance on Facebook Renaissance on X Renaissance on YouTube Renaissance on LinkedIn Renaissance on Instagram Renaissance on Instagram About Us Leadership Careers Newsroom Awards & Recognition Community & More Research Panel Renaissance Educator Network Our use of AI © 2025 Renaissance Learning, Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy hub | Copyright policy | Terms of use | Privacy settings Select your school × Searching for schools in ZIP code --- Loading schools… Don't see your school? Enter school info