Renishaw: enhancing efficiency in manufacturing and healthcare Skip navigation Products Precision measurement and process control CMMs, CMM probes, software and retrofits Machine tool probes and software Machine calibration and optimisation Smart manufacturing data platform Equator™ gauging system Fixtures Precision styli for metrology Position and motion control Open optical encoders Enclosed optical encoders Inductive encoders Interferometric laser encoders Magnetic encoders Healthcare Neurological products and therapies Raman spectroscopy Scientific Raman spectroscopy Machine calibration and optimisation (Laser interferometry) Metal 3D printing Additive manufacturing systems AM Guide Robotics Industrial automation How to buy from Renishaw Buy accessories online Asset finance Contact us Industries Aerospace Automotive Energy Electronics Heavy industry Machine builders Medical and healthcare Precision manufacturing Scientific, research and analysis Discover case studies relevant to your industry Case studies Solutions Manufacturing industries Medical and healthcare Scientific, research and analysis Support Assistance and repairs Request engineer support and learn more about our repair , calibration or refurbishment services. Agreements and upgrades Information about our support agreements , and upgrade packages for our latest technologies. Training We offer standard and bespoke training courses. Buy spare parts and accessories online Purchase or request a quote for genuine Renishaw parts 24/7. Support overview Discover more about Renishaw’s global support capabilities. Technical support library Find supporting documentation for your Renishaw products. Software Manage your software licensing and discover more about software agreements. MyRenishaw Manage your account or register your products. News News Latest company and product news. Media hub Images, video and text approved for use by media organisations. Events and webinars See live demonstrations of Renishaw's latest products at events around the world and online. Investor relations news The latest news for investors. Register for news updates Select the types of news you would like to receive. Our company Learn more about Renishaw Renishaw is a global company with core skills in measurement, motion control, spectroscopy and precision machining. Corporate responsibility More about our approach to being a responsible business, including our Code of Conduct , Sustainability strategy and Modern Slavery statement . Media hub Images, video and text approved for use by media organisations. Events and webinars See live demonstrations of Renishaw's latest products at events around the world. Investors Information for shareholders and prospective investors. News News for the metalworking, metrology, toolmaking, automation and motion control industries. Careers Learn more about working at Renishaw and view current vacancies. Buy online Styli CMM accessories Fixtures Machine tool accessories Equator™ gauging accessories Interferometric laser encoders Machine calibration and optimisation Česky (Czech) Deutsch (German) English Español (Spanish) Français (French) Italiano (Italian) Magyar (Hungarian) Nederlands (Dutch) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Slovenščina (Slovenian) Svenska (Swedish) Türkçe (Turkish) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) 中文（简体） (Simplified Chinese) 中文（繁體） (Traditional Chinese) Contact us Online form Submit requests and enquiries online. Worldwide offices We have offices in 36 countries around the globe. Find the right office to meet your needs. Supplier portal Information for suppliers, or potential suppliers, to Renishaw. Data-driven manufacturing systems and software Optical, magnetic and laser encoders Improving medical research and surgical procedures Raman spectroscopy systems for a range of applications Metal 3D printing systems and software Smart manufacturing Position and motion control Healthcare Scientific Additive manufacturing Robotics Smart manufacturing Position and motion control Healthcare Scientific Additive manufacturing Robotics How can we help? Global support How can we help? Expert advice or quotations Get in touch Buy spares and accessories online Buy now Explore Case studies Renishaw’s innovative solutions help companies across a range of global industries. Learn more Smart manufacturing data platform Unlock the power of your manufacturing data with Renishaw Central. Learn more Events Training News We are a global company with core skills in measurement, motion control, healthcare, spectroscopy and manufacturing Our approach How we have become one of the world’s leading engineering and scientific technology companies. Discover more Careers We offer a diverse range of roles within our engineering and commercial operations. Search vacancies Investors Find out more about our company, financial results and future strategy. Find out more Our responsibilities Our approach to corporate social responsibility. Learn more Sign up for the latest news on our products and events Latest news Contact Renishaw Online form Worldwide offices MyRenishaw Online store Events and exhibitions View all events and exhibitions © 2001-2025 Renishaw plc. All rights reserved. Contact us | Careers | Legal and compliance | Accessibility | Privacy | Cookies guide | Investors | Modern slavery