Rental Software for Party, Event, Tent, Equipment, Pressure washing, and more Rental Software powering rental companies across the world Rental Software Toggle navigation INFLATABLES EVENTS POWER WASH FEATURES SIGN UP LOG IN LOG IN Username Password Forgot Password? The Best Rental Software In The World Our rental software is used by thousands of companies across the world. We provide an all-in-one software and website solution that is made specifically for the rental industry.
            Rental Software is becoming more specialized, and you can now find software that does all the basics (online booking, contracts, payments, customer notifications, reminders) and also has features that are unique to your industry. These software solutions will outshine the general solutions out there because they are made specifically for your rental business. INSTANT DEMO RENTAL SOFTWARE SERVICES Party Rental Software made for companies renting inflatables, bounce houses, concessions, tables, chairs and similar equipment. Unique features include reservations by event date, automatic availability handling, damage waivers, industry insurance discounts, pricing based on the length of event, and surge pricing for holiday weekends. Event Rental Software made for companies renting tents, tables, linens, decor, av equipment, dance floors and similar equipment. Unique features include reservations by event date, unlimited inventory, invoicing, vendor communication, automatic availability handling, damage waivers, inventory control for item kits, inventory tracking and QR codes. PowerwashOffice was made to be the best pressure washing software available by adding unique features for this industry. These features include: Ability to easily quote and book online and tools to calculate square footage of house or drive-way. Easy to launch websites, and built-in SEO tools made specifically for this indutry will provide you a leg-up over using general purpose software. FEATURES THE BEST COMPANIES TRUST EVERYDAY BEAUTIFUL WEBSITES Create new or use existing website Shopping cart & quoting system Online booking & payments Digital contracts & signing SEO optimized WordPress sites MOBILE READY Work at the office & on the road Apple & Android Mobile Apps Responsive mobile websites Google Calendar integration Responsive workers site BUILT FOR GROWTH Automatic emails to customers Follow-up staff reminders Custom charts and graphs Delivery scheduling tools Multi-location ready INTEGRATED QuickBooks desktop & online Google Maps, Calendar & Adwords Automatic sales tax calculation PayPal, Authorize, Square, & more Email and phone integration SEE ALL FEATURES View of software's customizable dashboard Our rental software can be used for almost any company, but it is made specifically for the 
    inflatable and event rental businesses, and we continue to add unique feature suited to these businesses. We have customers that rent tents, tables, DJ, wedding linens, 
    inflatables, concessions, stages, and movie screens. Please ask if you would like to see if your business 
    would be a good fit for our software or not. WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “Built for event rental professionals“ “We started with Event Office in late 2018. We were very nervous about switching over our current processes to EO. We have multiple sales people, warehouse managers, logistics managers and a design team team that requires interaction within the same system. EO was not only able to cater to our needs, but because the software is  built for event rental professionals we were able to utilize features we never even considered. The team at EO not only assisted us with setup; they are literally available all the time to talk things through and figure out best practices. I honestly do not know how we managed prior to implementing Event Office. – Marc from Abbey Road Entertainment “I would highly recommend them.“ “I've been working with Event Office for over six years now and since the first phone call it has been a pleasure to work with them. The product is great and the customer service is fantastic. We have a complicated inventory and require a lot of special needs. EO has been helpful and responsive to all our needs along the way and continue to do so. They are a company of integrity and they are forward thinking. I would highly recommend them. – Lea from Luxe Event Rentals “InflatableOffice does as much as a part time employee would“ “A business partner recently asked about the cost of using InflatableOffice, saying that the enterprise rate seemed a bit high. After reviewing everything that InflatableOffice does for our business, including e-mail automation, on-line quotes & contracts, inventory management, worker scheduling, multi-location support and more, I told him that InflatableOffice does as much as a part time employee would, without the hassle of hiring, training and certainly without the cost. I could never hire someone to do all the things IO does for us, at a fraction of the cost of a real person! – Darrell from Ultimate Outdoor Movies “InflatableOffice has changed not only my business but also my personal life.“ “We just started using the program in June and wish I would have done so ages ago. InflatableOffice has changed not only my business but also my personal life. It has freed up my time so that I can spend more time with my children. The program is extremely user friendly and definitely provides for my business to more organized and professional. My customers love it too which is, as we all know, the most important aspect. If our customers aren't happy, then we aren't happy. The customer support provided by Tim and Joel surpasses my expectations. They are always there when you need them and are always open to new ideas. I like the fact that they continue to grow with their options and impress me every time they come up with another new enhancement. Thank you InflatableOffice! – Sharon from Party Hoppers when you're ready to grow our team is ready to help 440.385.4080 TRY IT FOR FREE Latest Releases Docs Help Features Privacy © InflatableOffice, LLC Looking for event rental software? InflatableOffice Rated 4.9 out of 5 by 73 reviewers on Capterra CONTACT US sales@rental.software 440-385-4080