RENU - Research and Education Network for Uganda Skip to content (+256) 393516521 | info@renu.ac.ug Home Services Academia Discover RENU About Us Our Story Membership Current Directors Whistleblowing Our Impact Contact Us About US Who We Are Our Story Our Impact RENUMESH Contact Us Governance Current Directors Previous Directors Management Team Strategic Plan Membership Members Whistleblowing Policies Peering Policy Quality Policy Privacy Notice Standards ISO 9001:2015 ISO 27001:2022 Media Center Latest News Press Releases Gallery KobWeb X Knowledge | Community | Solutions Improving the Quality of Research and Education We provide high-speed Internet connectivity and a wide range of ICT solutions to Research Organizations, Health Facilities, Universities, Schools and Other Tertiary Institutions. Get Started Impact RENU is a community-driven, non-profit organization with a major focus on nurturing collaboration among member institutions (i.e. research and education institutions), and global partners. We achieve this by providing high-speed Internet connectivity and other affordable solutions thereby overcoming barriers to information and knowledge exchange. Founded in 2006, RENU has grown from a small National Research and Education Network (NREN) that focused on just connectivity needs of universities and research organisations, to a fast-growing specialized ICT solutions provider for the entire Research and Education (R&E) community including schools, colleges, other tertiary institutions, hospitals, and their end users. See Our Contribution Towards SDGs 30 + Services 1,000 + Connected Campuses 2,500 + Trained Persons 100,000 + eduroam Users Cost-Effective Solutions We've tailored our services to provide cost-effective solutions for research and education advancement. Our Services Connectivity eduroam Metro eduroam eduroam on the Go​ RENU Cloud Colocation Cyber Security eduVPN View All Serving the Research & Education Community RENU Membership is open to recognized Research and Education Insitutions. Learn about Membership Universities Research Institutions Schools Other Tertiary Institutions Why Join RENU? Service Quality Our commitment and attention to detail, customer satisfaction, and continuous improvement guarantees you an exceptional service experience. Innovative Solutions We embrace new ideas, technologies, and approaches to deliver progressive interventions that cater to the diverse needs of our member community. 24/7 Support Our support channels are always open to receive queries and provide the necessary support no matter the hour. Expertise Our team is comprised of skilled and dedicated professionals who are deeply committed to delivering top-notch services. Client Care Our dedicated team is here to provide you with unwavering support, guidance, and personalized attention throughout your journey with RENU. Training & Workshops We conduct annual capacity-building programs to enrich the skills and knowledge of our member community. Latest News Updates on important news and events happening around RENU. View All Articles RENU Enabling Access to Student Discounts December 15, 2025 RENU is excited to announce a new offer to students – Student Discounts. The initiative... Read More RENU Launches Leadership Academy to Build Future-Ready Leaders December 9, 2025 On 24th October 2025, RENU launched the RENU Leadership Academy, a transformative initiative designed to... Read More RENU Now Offers Free Access to Premium Journals for Ugandan Researchers November 17, 2025 The Research and Education Network for Uganda (RENU) is pleased to provide free access to... Read More Load More Research and Education Network for Uganda Knowledge  |  Community  |  Solutions Facebook-f Instagram Youtube Linkedin Contact Info The Edge, Makerere University Plot 6B, Mabua Road, Kololo (+256) 393516521 info@renu.ac.ug Discover RENU Governance Membership About Us Partners Services Connectivity eduroam eduroam on the Go RENU Cloud Colocation All Services Helpful Links Careers Peering Policy Whistleblowing RENU-CERT RENUMESH © 2026 Research and Education Network for Uganda, All Rights Reserved