Unified Web Performance Monitoring - Request Metrics 🦥 Feature Release Announcing Unified Web Performance: automatic lab testing, real user monitoring, and Google SEO scores. Learn more Why We're Different Features Lighthouse Performance Testing Automated website performance testing to find issues and actionable insights. Real-User Monitoring Understand how your real visitors experience the performance of your website. Core Web Vitals Get your Core Web Vitals in real-time and prevent SEO problems. Web Resource Performance Find the slow resources and vendors on your website. Highlights CrUX Comparison Long Animation Frames Resources Docs Developer documentation reference for our agent SDK and APIs. Partners Our network of certified web performance experts. Blog Read the latest from our engineering and product team. Events Meet and engage with our community of performance experts. Free Tools Speed Check Discover how fast your website is for real users. Keyword Vitals Learn how web performance drives your SEO keyword ranking. HTTP Cache Checker Test how your assets are cached in your users' browser. Timing-Allow-Origin Test Check if third-party assets will report their performance. Customers Pricing Sign In Get Started Take Control of Website Performance Unified Performance Testing and Real User Monitoring. Optimize your Core Web Vitals , boost SEO, and drive more revenue with faster websites. Get Started Free Book Your Demo Trusted by teams at Lighthouse Performance Testing Build faster websites with Lighthouse Performance Testing Run automated and on-demand tests for your busiest pages to catch and fix performance issues before your users notice. Learn more about Lighthouse performance testing Automatic weekly scans Lighthouse-powered tests for desktop and mobile analyze your top pages every week. Actionable insights Detailed recommendations show you exactly how to make every page faster. Validate your changes Run tests on-demand to ensure your changes improve performance. Quick and easy insights into why you're site is failing Core Web Vitals. Use Request Metrics!. Joshua Clare-Flagg Principle, JCF Real-User Monitoring Understand how real users experience your website Track actual user interactions across devices and locations to uncover where performance slows down. Learn more about real user monitoring Real-world data See how your site performs for actual users, not just your team. Drill into metrics Analyze page load times, device types, and network speeds. Identify bottlenecks Spot patterns that slow down key user workflows. With Request Metrics, we raised our Baymard Institute Score by 50% for speed. Marko Šćulec Head of Digital Solutions, LELO Core Web Vitals Boost your SEO ranking and pass your Core Web Vitals Search engines reward fast, stable websites. Optimize Core Web Vitals and speed metrics to improve your search visibility. Learn more about the Core Web Vitals Compare your scores Protect your SEO Install in minutes Attribute slowness to elements and assets Find the elements that are slow to paint, or shifting during load. Get real-time performance data Don't wait days or weeks to check for improvements. See your performance in real-time. Benchmark against competitors Track the real scores of your search competitors to stay ahead of the pack and
            on top of your rankings. Learn about Benchmarking Platform The Unified platform for Web Performance Monitoring Automatic Lab Performance Testing and drop-in Real User Monitoring .
        Track and improve your website speed with easy reports and actionable insights. Data export Export your performance data as CSV from any dashboard or filtered
            report for detailed analysis. Self-host options Control your code and your data with custom hosting options, available with
            Enterprise plans. GDPR complaint Request Metrics doesn't use cookies or store IP addresses.
            Our data is resident in the great white North of Canada. Ad block bypass Easily change the hostname of your Request Metrics account to keep your
            data from being blocked by browser extensions Works everywhere you do The engineering team behind this make Request Metrics an incredible value . I cannot recommend enough. David Jacobs Web Dev Manager, Axos Bank Launch your website performance into orbit Start for free Request Demo Why We Are Different Pricing Features Lighthouse Performance Testing Real User Monitoring Core Web Vitals Web Resource Performance Highlights Chrome UX Report Long Animation Frames Resources Docs Blog Partners Events Search Free Tools Speed Check Keyword Vitals HTTP Cache Checker Timing-Allow-Origin Test Web Performance Tips Company About Us Customers Contact Us Compliance Terms of Service Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Our Other Products TrackJS RemoteJS CertKit All content appearing on this website is proprietary, copyrighted, and owned or licensed by TrackJS LLC. Any unauthorized use of trademarks or content from this website is strictly prohibited. All rights reserved. © 2019-2025 TrackJS LLC .