White Label Online Survey Software Log in Sign up free Create online surveys. Own your brand. Choose a SurveyMonkey PREMIER plan to create powerful white label surveys. Get started now Get answers with our most powerful features It’s simple to create custom branded surveys with our online survey software. Get access to our best features, analytics, and support, including: Expert-certified survey questions and templates Custom reports you can share with anyone on or offline Phone support and 24/7 expedited email support Industry-leading data security and HIPAA compliance Want more choices? Get a free SurveyMonkey account today or view Plans and Pricing. Sign up Complete brand control from start to finish Our non-branded, white label surveys are ready to be completely customized. From survey logo to landing page, your hosted survey reflects your brand 100%. How? Hide our branding by adding your own logo, custom colors, and theme Use the research.net domain for your hosted survey to create a personalized URL Send respondents to a custom thank you page Redirect respondents to your website upon survey completion Work better together From small businesses to big companies, SurveyMonkey Enterprise gives anyone in your organization the perfect platform for creating corporate surveys, coordinating with colleagues, and getting answers. Manage your online survey users and data , all in one place Share surveys , research data, and brand assets across departments Trigger surveys and analyze results in Salesforce Create white label surveys to promote brand consistency and professionalism Safe and secure online surveys Join 60 million customers worldwide—and 95% of the Fortune 500—who trust us to keep their data safe. And we’re even HIPAA compliant, so healthcare organizations can rely on us to maintain the highest standards when it comes to privacy protection. SSL/TLS encryption Enhanced security features for HIPAA-enabled accounts Need the right people to take your survey? SurveyMonkey Audience makes it easy to reach people in your target market. We’ve got millions of deeply-profiled survey respondents ready to take your survey. Quick and easy market research Affordable brand research and concept testing Hundreds of attributes to choose from Calculate your cost Ready to get started? Choose a SurveyMonkey PREMIER plan to create powerful white label surveys. Sign up Product Overview Surveys Online Forms Market Research Integrations AI Enterprise Pricing Popular Templates Customer Satisfaction Employee Engagement Event Feedback Product Testing Net Promoter Score (NPS) Course Evaluation All Templates Resources Customers Blog Resource Center Trust Center Support Contact Sales Learn How to Create Surveys NPS Calculator Margin of Error Calculator Sample Size Calculator AB Test Significance Calculator Likert Scale Online Quizzes Free Survey Templates Survey Best Practices SurveyMonkey vs. Google Forms About Leadership Team Newsroom Vision and Mission Social Impact and Inclusion Careers Hiring Locations Imprint Log in Sign up PRODUCT Overview Surveys Online Forms Market Research Integrations AI Enterprise Pricing POPULAR TEMPLATES Customer Satisfaction Employee Engagement Event Feedback Product Testing Net Promoter Score (NPS) Course Evaluation All Templates RESOURCES Customers Blog Resource Center Trust Center Support Contact Sales LEARN How to Create Surveys NPS Calculator Margin of Error Calculator Sample Size Calculator AB Test Significance Calculator Likert Scale Online Quizzes Free Survey Templates Survey Best Practices SurveyMonkey vs. Google Forms ABOUT Leadership Team Newsroom Vision and Mission Social Impact and Inclusion Careers Hiring Locations Imprint Log in Sign up English English (US) English (UK) Deutsch Français Nederlands Dansk Español Suomi Italiano 日本語 한국어 Norsk Português Русский Svenska Türkçe 中文(繁體) Copyright © 1999-2025 SurveyMonkey Privacy notice Terms of use Cookies notice Health Plan Transparency in Coverage