research.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. Learn more

OK, got it
Jump to Content
Research
Who we are
Defining the technology of today and tomorrow.
Philosophy

We strive to create an environment conducive to many different types of research across many different time scales and levels of risk.

Learn more about our Philosophy
Learn more
People

Our researchers drive advancements in computer science through both fundamental and applied research.

Learn more about our People
Learn more
Research areas
Research areas
Explore all research areas
Foundational ML & Algorithms
Algorithms & Theory
Data Management
Data Mining & Modeling
Information Retrieval & the Web
Machine Intelligence
Machine Perception
Machine Translation
Natural Language Processing
Speech Processing
Computing Systems & Quantum AI
Distributed Systems & Parallel Computing
Hardware & Architecture
Mobile Systems
Networking
Quantum Computing
Robotics
Security, Privacy, & Abuse Prevention
Software Engineering
Software Systems
Science, AI & Society
Climate & Sustainability
Economics & Electronic Commerce
Education Innovation
General Science
Health & Bioscience
Human-Computer Interaction and Visualization
Responsible AI
Our work
Projects

We regularly open-source projects with the broader research community and apply our developments to Google products.

Learn more about our Projects
Learn more
Publications

Publishing our work allows us to share ideas and work collaboratively to advance the field of computer science.

Learn more about our Publications
Learn more
Resources

We make products, tools, and datasets available to everyone with the goal of building a more collaborative ecosystem.

Learn more about our Resources
Learn more
Programs & events
Shaping the future, together.
Collaborate with us
Student programs

Supporting the next generation of researchers through a wide range of programming.

Learn more about our Student programs
Learn more
Faculty programs

Participating in the academic research community through meaningful engagement with university faculty.

Learn more about our Faculty programs
Learn more
Conferences & events

Connecting with the broader research community through events is essential for creating progress in every aspect of our work.

Learn more about our Conferences & events
Learn more
Careers
Blog
Search
Research to reality

Our mission is to drive breakthroughs that benefit society, businesses, and Google products. Through our research and foundational work in machine learning and generative AI, we deliver broad applications and transformative impact across many domains such as science, healthcare, climate, education, and more.

Amplifying human ingenuity

As we realize new possibilities with AI, we maintain a human-centered approach. We advance scientific progress by publishing hundreds of papers each year and collaborating with universities, NGOs, partners, and communities worldwide. Our goal is to build a world where AI is more than a tool: it’s an essential partner for researchers, scientists, clinicians, teachers, users, and businesses.

Watch the film
Read the latest
See more publications
See more blog posts

DECEMBER 18 · BLOG

Google Research 2025: Bolder breakthroughs, bigger impact

DECEMBER 15 · BLOG

Gemini provides automated feedback for theoretical computer scientists at STOC 2026

DECEMBER 12 · BLOG

Spotlight on innovation: Google-sponsored Data Science for Health Ideathon across Africa

DECEMBER 10 · BLOG

A differentially private framework for gaining insights into AI chatbot use

DECEMBER 4 · BLOG

Titans + MIRAS: Helping AI have long-term memory

DECEMBER 3 · BLOG

From Waveforms to Wisdom: The New Benchmark for Auditory Intelligence
Our research drives real-world change
Wildfires

Using AI to create a breakthrough in wildfire detection

Learn more
EXPLORE THE RESEARCH BEHIND THE PROJECT
Watch Google AI’s wildfire detection technology
VIDEO
How a new constellation of satellites can detect smaller wildfires earlier
BLOG
Discover how Google AI is helping firefighters detect wildfires
RESEARCH
Learn about EFA, the nonprofit established to launch the FireSat constellation
PARTNER
Geospatial Reasoning

A research effort aiming to bring together foundation models with generative AI to accelerate geospatial problem solving

Learn more
EXPLORE THE RESEARCH BEHIND THE PROJECT
An overview of Geospatial Reasoning
VIDEO
Insights into population dynamics: A foundation model for geospatial inference
BLOG
Towards a Trajectory-powered Foundation Model of Mobility
BLOG
Generative AI updates for Google Maps Platform and Google Earth
BLOG
Generative AI in health

Transforming medicine with generative AI

Learn more
EXPLORE THE RESEARCH BEHIND THE PROJECT
HeAR: A bioacoustic model designed to flag early signs of disease
BLOG
Advancing medical AI with Med-Gemini
BLOG
AMIE: A research AI system for diagnostic medical reasoning and conversations
BLOG
MedLM: generative AI fine-tuned for the healthcare industry
BLOG
See our impact across other projects
See more projects

FLOOD FORECASTING

The Flood Forecasting Initiative uses AI to make flood forecasting information universally accessible

OPEN BUILDINGS

A dataset of building footprints to support social good applications

LANGUAGES

How Google is expanding support for thousands of the world's languages
We work across domains

Our vast breadth of work covers AI/ML foundations, responsible human-centric technology, science & societal impact, computing paradigms, and algorithms & optimization. Our research teams impact technology used by people all over the world.

Explore research areas
One research paper started it all

The research we do today becomes the Google of the future. Google itself began with a research paper, published in 1998, and was the foundation of Google Search. Our ongoing research over the past 25 years has transformed not only the company, but how people are able to interact with the world and its information.

See the original publication
Responsible research is at the heart of what we do

The impact we create from our research has the potential to reach billions of people. That's why everything we do is guided by methodology that is grounded in responsible practices and thorough consideration.

See how we're advancing AI
Help us shape the future
Academic community

We've been working alongside the academic research community since day one. Explore the ways that we collaborate and provide resources and support through a variety of student and faculty programs.

See more programs
Career opportunities

From Accra to Zürich, to our home base in Mountain View, we’re looking for talented scientists, engineers, interns, and more to join our teams not only at Google Research but all research projects across Google.

Learn more about careers
Explore our other teams and product areas

Google AI

Google Cloud

Google DeepMind

Google Labs

Follow us

About Google
Google Products
Privacy
Terms
 Help
Submit feedback