AI Tools For Research & Expert Publication Services | Researcher.Life All Solutions Editage One platform for all researcher needs Paperpal AI-powered academic writing assistant R Discovery Your #1 AI companion for literature search Mind the Graph AI tool for graphics, illustrations, and artwork Journal finder AI-powered journal recommender Unlock unlimited use of all AI tools with the Editage Plus membership. Explore Editage Plus Support request@editage.com Request a callback Menu Features Pricing Blog Change Language Subscribe Everything a researcher needs . All in one place. An All-Access subscription to leading AI tools for academia, covering Academic Writing, Research Discovery to Promotion and Impact. Leverage AI tools built for researchers, backed by 22+ years of academic expertise & trusted by global research community. Choose Plans Monthly, Quarterly and annual billing options available. Explore Features Trusted by 5M+ researchers Unlimited access to the best AI tools for research Journal Finder Find the right journal for your manuscript with our smart Journal Finder. Get accurate matches based on your abstract and topics - fast and easy. Explore more Scientific Illustration Tool Create stunning visuals with a drag-and-drop editor and 75,000+ scientific illustrations in 80+ fields. Explore more Literature Recommender Explore 250M+ papers with AI search, collections, audio translations, and collaboration tools. Explore more Academic Writing Assistant Boost your academic writing with AI-powered tool-writing support, plagiarism check, and translation in 30+ languages, all in one place. Explore more Explore all features 20 Years of partnering with researchers 25,000+ Subscribers across Researcher.Life products. Trusted by researchers across the globe for all research needs 1800+ Subject areas covered by 3,500+ editors. Get access to industry experts from Editage who help thousands of researchers get published every year. 5 Mn+ Happy researchers! We serve 5Mn+ happy researchers in 190+ countries, across our brands. Trusted by industry experts & partners Testimonial Loved by the researcher community Folashade Olabinri Assistant lecturer, Department of Biochemistry Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Nigeria Sincerely, the Editage Plus subscription is fantastic. It has helped to ease the initial burden I had with writing my thesis. The MS Word add in from Paperpal rephrases my sentences and unlike other tools, it is suitable for scientific writing. Edina Lobo PhD Student | Queensland University, Australia | R Ambassador Mind the Graph has a wide variety of templates and specific images you can use to make your own illustrations, which is usually harder to do with Powerpoint or other basic tools. Na Li PhD Candidate | Xi’an Jiaotong - Liverpool University, China | R Ambassador Using a second language to write an academic paper is quite challenging.  The one-on-one support I get from Editage service is really helpful while I'm writing an article. Olamide Olusegun Doctoral candidate | University of the West of Scotland, U.K. | R Ambassador Every morning, I get a notification from Discovery app about new papers that were added to my reading feed. It reminds me to read something that's new in my field. Ibukunoluwa Adedeji PhD Candidate - Agronomy, University of Ilorin Head Tissue Culture Unit, Nigeria Sugar Institute, Nigeria Editage Plus subscription has made the seemingly difficult task of writing journal articles easier for me. It is a complete package which makes scholarly writing easier for researchers. Paperpal MS Word add-in suggests the appropriate words to use with respect to the manuscript. Evelyn Tanangonan Assistant Professor - Business Administration Global Reciprocal Colleges, Philippines I appreciate Editage Plus's subscription pack because it helps me a lot and makes research easier. Choongo Mulungu Psychologist & PhD Candidate - Health/Medical Psychology University of Lusaka, Zambia Editage Plus's subscription gives me advanced tools, making research work less stressful and more enjoyable. Studies can sometimes be crosscutting which makes it difficult to find the appropriate journal for your paper. The journal finder comes in handy to ease life in this respect. Isirabahenda Gonzague PhD Candidate - Sociology Babes-Bolyai University, Romania The Editage Plus subscription is helpful in my research both academically and professionally. The tools assist in discovering and enhancing my qualitative inquiry. They connect me with researchers around the world and I get updated on new studies in my domain. Abdul Hasib Assistant Professor, BCS-Education Cadre Service Ministry of Education, Government of Bangladesh, Bangladesh Editage Plus is "of the researchers, by the researchers and for the researchers." Research skill courses are much beneficial to persons like me, who want to thrive by themselves through life-long learning. The subscription simplifies my research life by keeping me motivated. Olena Boika Associate Professor- Department of Genetics and Plant Resources Zaporozhye National University, Ukraine The Editage Plus subscription helps me be more effective and gives me an opportunity to be a more successful researcher. I particularly liked Mind the Graph, which I used to create new teaching materials and illustrations for my work. Hasan Gönde PhD Candidate University of Szeged, Hungary Editage corrected all my grammar mistakes, fixed the structure and changed the vocabulary in more academic way. It was as I wanted and wished to get. I'm really satisfied with the service and as I predicted, my article was published! Prof. Prokar Dasgupta Professor and Chair of Urology King's College London Guy's Hospital, United Kingdom A fantastic, simple tool for helping to broaden awareness and application of pioneering research. We were impressed at how soon we began to see results. Denise Smith Rodd Senior Communications Specialist American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons, United States The best part of our experience with Mind the Graph is the service they provide. They respond to inquiries in a timely manner. If the custom graphics need adjustment, they make it quickly and to our liking. Kengo Morohashi Visiting Associate Professor Michigan State University, Tokyo University of Science, Japan Despite tremendous amounts of courses on the Internet, those focusing on academic careers for scientists are not many. R Upskill's well-organized (and affordable) courses are great for people who want to boost their abilities for engaging public benefits via science. Folashade Olabinri Assistant lecturer, Department of Biochemistry Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Nigeria Sincerely, the Editage Plus subscription is fantastic. It has helped to ease the initial burden I had with writing my thesis. The MS Word add in from Paperpal rephrases my sentences and unlike other tools, it is suitable for scientific writing. Edina Lobo PhD Student | Queensland University, Australia | R Ambassador Mind the Graph has a wide variety of templates and specific images you can use to make your own illustrations, which is usually harder to do with Powerpoint or other basic tools. Na Li PhD Candidate | Xi’an Jiaotong - Liverpool University, China | R Ambassador Using a second language to write an academic paper is quite challenging.  The one-on-one support I get from Editage service is really helpful while I'm writing an article. Olamide Olusegun Doctoral candidate | University of the West of Scotland, U.K. | R Ambassador Every morning, I get a notification from Discovery app about new papers that were added to my reading feed. It reminds me to read something that's new in my field. Ibukunoluwa Adedeji PhD Candidate - Agronomy, University of Ilorin Head Tissue Culture Unit, Nigeria Sugar Institute, Nigeria Editage Plus subscription has made the seemingly difficult task of writing journal articles easier for me. It is a complete package which makes scholarly writing easier for researchers. Paperpal MS Word add-in suggests the appropriate words to use with respect to the manuscript. Evelyn Tanangonan Assistant Professor - Business Administration Global Reciprocal Colleges, Philippines I appreciate Editage Plus's subscription pack because it helps me a lot and makes research easier. Choongo Mulungu Psychologist & PhD Candidate - Health/Medical Psychology University of Lusaka, Zambia Editage Plus's subscription gives me advanced tools, making research work less stressful and more enjoyable. Studies can sometimes be crosscutting which makes it difficult to find the appropriate journal for your paper. The journal finder comes in handy to ease life in this respect. Isirabahenda Gonzague PhD Candidate - Sociology Babes-Bolyai University, Romania The Editage Plus subscription is helpful in my research both academically and professionally. The tools assist in discovering and enhancing my qualitative inquiry. They connect me with researchers around the world and I get updated on new studies in my domain. Abdul Hasib Assistant Professor, BCS-Education Cadre Service Ministry of Education, Government of Bangladesh, Bangladesh Editage Plus is "of the researchers, by the researchers and for the researchers." Research skill courses are much beneficial to persons like me, who want to thrive by themselves through life-long learning. The subscription simplifies my research life by keeping me motivated. Olena Boika Associate Professor- Department of Genetics and Plant Resources Zaporozhye National University, Ukraine The Editage Plus subscription helps me be more effective and gives me an opportunity to be a more successful researcher. I particularly liked Mind the Graph, which I used to create new teaching materials and illustrations for my work. Hasan Gönde PhD Candidate University of Szeged, Hungary Editage corrected all my grammar mistakes, fixed the structure and changed the vocabulary in more academic way. It was as I wanted and wished to get. I'm really satisfied with the service and as I predicted, my article was published! Prof. Prokar Dasgupta Professor and Chair of Urology King's College London Guy's Hospital, United Kingdom A fantastic, simple tool for helping to broaden awareness and application of pioneering research. We were impressed at how soon we began to see results. Denise Smith Rodd Senior Communications Specialist American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons, United States The best part of our experience with Mind the Graph is the service they provide. They respond to inquiries in a timely manner. If the custom graphics need adjustment, they make it quickly and to our liking. Kengo Morohashi Visiting Associate Professor Michigan State University, Tokyo University of Science, Japan Despite tremendous amounts of courses on the Internet, those focusing on academic careers for scientists are not many. R Upskill's well-organized (and affordable) courses are great for people who want to boost their abilities for engaging public benefits via science. Our plans Join 5M+ researchers that are subscribed to our AI products. AI Tools Perfect for your immediate research needs with the ease of auto-renewals. Monthly Quarterly Annual /month billed annually Continue to pay Prime Benefits included with plan Academic writing assistant Scientific illustration tool Literature recommender Research skill courses Journal finder Research project assistant AI Tools (Multi-year) BEST SAVINGS Invest in AI long-term at the best price and enjoy new benefits for free. 2 years 3 years (No auto-renewals) /month for 3 years Continue to pay Prime Benefits included with plan Academic writing assistant Scientific illustration tool Literature recommender Research skill courses Journal finder Research project assistant Prime Benefits included with plan Academic writing assistant Get real-time, subject-specific AI language suggestions to help academics write better & faster Scientific illustration tool Access 75,000+ scientific illustrations across 80+ fields to add visual impact Literature recommender Discover relevant literature from the largest academic research repository of 250M+ papers Research skill courses Master your research skills with courses tailored to meet your needs Journal finder Find the right journal for your research from a publisher-neutral journal database Research project assistant Get journal and literature recommendations tailored for your research project FAQs Is there a free trial for the Editage Plus pack? If you want to try out some of the offerings before you choose a subscription, you can sign up on Researcher.Life for free and get access to the free features of all AI tools that are essential for your research success. You can choose to sign up for Editage Plus subscription once you explore the benefits in your free pack. What are the benefits of the Editage Plus Pack? Editage Plus Pack is an industry-first subscription that provides a comprehensive suite of AI-powered tools that empower academics at every step of the research journey. This innovative offering includes some of the most advanced AI tools for research, such as: Paperpal, the complete AI academic writing toolkit. R Discovery, the literature search and research reading platform. Mind The Graph, the powerful scientific illustration tool. Global Journal Database, a repository to help you find journals for publication. Click here to explore all our research benefits, based on your research stage and needs. What are the steps to use the benefits included in the Editage Plus pack? All benefits within the pack will be available for you to access when you want, throughout the subscription period. Here’s how you can use the benefits of Editage Plus pack: Register/Sign in on Researcher.Life Subscribe to Editage Plus Pack by making the payment Explore the multiple benefits available on your membership page Click on any benefit to view its details Follow the steps detailed in the ‘How to use’ section to avail the benefit Do any of the benefits within Editage Plus pack have an expiry date? Yes. You can use the benefits only within your subscription period. When your subscription gets renewed, your access to included benefits will also continue. Can I use institutional funds to purchase the Editage Plus Pack? Absolutely! You are welcome to use institutional funds to purchase the Editage Plus subscription. Our hassle-free online payment is streamlined through the secure Stripe payment platform, and accept payments via debit, credit, or prepaid cards. For customers purchasing from our Japan store, we offer billing in Japanese yen and provide the Japanese tax invoice (見積書・納品書・請求書一式) on successful payment. This detailed invoice can then be used to claim a reimbursement from your institution. Some institutions have specific rules on how these funds should be used, so we recommend checking the guidelines before making the purchase. Can I use my research funds to buy custom Editage Plus Packs before the end of my academic year? You can use any unutilized funding to purchase Editage Plus Packs, choosing from our monthly, quarterly, or annual plans based on your needs. Will my subscription be auto renewed upon expiry? Yes, your subscription will auto-renew upon expiry unless you wish to cancel the same. Users who sign up for a subscription will be billed on either a weekly, monthly, quarterly or annual cycle, depending on what was selected at time of purchase. The card details you enter will be stored on Stripe, and you will be automatically charged on the chosen payment method at the beginning of each new billing cycle. To cancel your subscription at any point in time, you can navigate to the "Membership & Billing" page. If you are facing any difficulties, please reach out to us at request@editage.com . Can I cancel my subscription once I purchase it? You can choose to cancel your subscription at any point of time, if you wish to do so. If cancellation is done within 30 days of purchase for annual subscription, and 7 days of purchase for monthly or quarterly subscription, you will be eligible for a refund. After the mentioned period, no refunds will be provided. Your subscription will continue until its expiry. To cancel your subscription at any point in time, you can navigate to the "Membership & Billing" page. If you are facing any difficulties, please reach out to us at request@editage.com . What discounts are available on Editage Plus Pack? Researcher.Life offers comprehensive research support through one single subscription, which saves you money, time, and effort. We do run discounts for students and users from specific geographies and also provide attractive prices and customisations if you are purchasing the Editage Plus Pack for a larger group. For more details on ongoing offers, please visit our Pricing page and see the best savings available to you. How useful is the Editage Plus Pack for non-English-speaking researchers? While Editage Plus is tailored to support academics globally, it is especially useful for non-English-speaking researchers. With one subscription, you get access to AI tools for research that transform your academic writing, enhance literature discovery and reading, simplify journal selection, and streamline your scientific communication process. More questions? Know more about our offerings Editage Paperpal R Discovery Mind the Graph R Upskill Cactus Communications Services Pte Ltd 20 McCallum Street, #19-01, Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 We are with you every step of the way as you achieve your dreams - publication, everything that precedes it, and everything that comes after. You are much more than your last research project. It’s time you got more. USEFUL LINKS Blog Researcher.Life Ambassador Program Global Journal Database Trust Editage EXCITED ABOUT RESEARCHER.LIFE? We are always looking for inspiration, feedback, and collaborators Write to us Copyright 2025 Cactus Communications. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms of Use Careers