Create & Manage Your Academic Researcher Profile | Clarivate Discover Clarivate search Support Investors Careers Login Clarivate Corporate Clarivate for Academia & Government Clarivate for Life Sciences & Healthcare Clarivate for Intellectual Property Academia & Government Main Menu Products and services Academia & Government Powering academic institutions and government organizations Clarivate is home to leading research, education and library solutions, including Web of Science™, ProQuest™, Ex Libris™ and Innovative™. Explore north_east Featured Highly Cited Researchers 2025 See the individuals who have demonstrated significant and broad influence in their fields of research. The Institute for Scientific Information Fostering the scientometric community through research and collaboration. Research Professional News A trusted source for authoritative, editorially independent news and analysis. Academic AI Pushing the boundaries of research and learning with AI you can trust. Scientific and Academic Research Connecting data, solutions and expertise so that research institutions can thrive. Content Solutions Trusted content across disciplines and formats delivered in context to serve research and learning. Books & Marketplaces Unparalleled content aggregation and curation and marketplaces for content discovery, acquisition and insights. Library Software Revolutionizing library technology through connection, collaboration, and innovation. Scientific and Academic Research Products and services Deliver innovative and impactful research outcomes by equipping your institution with trusted data, flexible solutions and unbiased expertise. Research discovery and referencing Web of Science Core Collection Web of Science platform Web of Science Research Assistant EndNote RefWorks Master Journal List Web of Science APIs & XML Data Research funding and analytics InCites Benchmarking & Analytics Web of Science Research Intelligence Consulting Pivot-RP Journal Citation Reports Esploro Essential Science Indicators Publisher solutions Web of Science Author Connect Web of Science Reviewer Locator Web of Science Reviewer Recognition Service Content Solutions Products and services We help libraries support the curriculum with essential content to enable the success of students, researchers and faculty. Our solutions Databases Dissertations News Primary Sources Streaming Video Books & Marketplaces Products and services Seamless workflows for librarians and their users. Our solutions Rialto OASIS Ebook Central Books Services Academic Complete Library Software Products and services Clarivate helps public, academic, government, and specialty libraries, as well as library consortia, modernize in support of the unique communities they serve. Academic libraries Alma Primo Leganto campusM Library Mobile Rapido Rosetta Alethea Public libraries Sierra Polaris Vega Library Experience Vega Mobile INN-Reach About About A leading provider of global transformative intelligence. Clarivate™ is a leading global provider of transformative intelligence. We offer enriched data, insights & analytics, workflow solutions and expert services in the areas of Academia & Government, Intellectual Property and Life Sciences & Healthcare. Explore north_east Featured articles Clarivate Unveils Transformative Subscription-Based Access Strategy for Academia Clarivate Unveils Transformative Subscription-Based Access Strategy for Academia How Clarivate uses Artificial Intelligence you can trust to transform your world How Clarivate uses Artificial Intelligence you can trust to transform your world News News and insights from Clarivate. Support How can we help? Sustainability Thinking forward for the greater good. Voice of Customer We believe that the best results come from working together in respectful partnership with our colleagues and customers. Customer Stories We are partnering with customers to harness human ingenuity and push boundaries. News About Clarivate newsroom News Support About Support areas Account services Learning and training Product support Sustainability About We have embraced an extensive, holistic approach to sustainability in order to drive measurable impact. Sustainability at Clarivate Voice of Customer About See how we keep our customers first Voice of Customer Customer Stories About See the stories Customer Stories Insights Insights Explore Clarivate insights Stay informed with the latest insights, news, and research from Clarivate. Explore our blogs, webinars, podcasts, reports, and case studies to stay ahead of trends and innovations in your field. Explore north_east Featured A responsible framework for evaluating the societal impact of research Read the report to learn more about this innovative framework in more detail. The Pulse of the Library report Read the report to learn about how libraries are approaching AI and other mission-driven topics. Blog Keep up with the latest news, insights and research from Clarivate. Expert analysis Industry reports and insights. Webinars Blog Insights Our blogs Academia and Government blog Expert analysis Insights Expert analysis Citation Laureates Highly Cited Researchers Pulse of the Library Journal Citation Reports The Institute for Scientific Information Webinars Insights Our webinars Academia and Government webinars Contact us Product logins Find logins to all Clarivate products below. All segment All Academia & Government Life Sciences & Healthcare Intellectual Property search BioWorld BioWorld Medtech BioWorld Science Brand Landscape Analyzer Clarivate portal for patent foreign filings Cortellis Cortellis CMC Intelligence Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence Cortellis Product Intelligence CPA Direct CPA Global customer community CPA Global Workbench Darts-ip Derwent Innovation Dialog DRG EndNote Envoy Portal for IP renewals Epidemiology Intelligence Essential Science Indicators Healthbase Healthcare Business Insights (HBI) InCites Innography Inprotech Law Update Service Portal IP Management System ipan Portal Ipendo IPfolio IPR Control for Patrafee customers Journal Citation Reports Key Pathway Advisor Learning Platform E-Commerce Learning Platform – Members Login Market Access Intelligence Master Journal List Memotech Law Update Service Portal MetaCore OFF-X Patrafee Helpdesk RiskMark SERION The IP Platform Trademark Watch Analyzer Web of Science home • Scientific and Academic Research • Research discovery and referencing • Web of Science Platform Web of Science Researcher Profiles Take your place in the world’s most trusted citation network Create or manage your profile north_east Overview Features Resources FAQs Related products Let's talk Raise your research visibility worldwide Your time is precious. Streamline your processes with a Web of Science Researcher Profile – bringing your research works and citations together alongside publisher-verified peer reviews and journal editorships. In a few easy steps you can share a complete view of your achievements to ensure that peers and evaluators understand the impact of your work. Get noticed by funders and potential collaborators Showcase your work in a trusted database used by millions of researchers at more than 10,000 institutions worldwide. Display your citation impact in context Gain a deeper understanding of citation impact with a profile that shows research is more than just a number. Get back to what matters most Save time with a profile that automatically updates, syncs with ORCID, and exports with a few clicks. Efficiently manage your profile and provide access to anyone, anywhere Your scholarly contributions in one place Collect your multi-faceted research contributions, including journal articles, preprints, awarded grants, post-graduate works and peer reviews, in one list to demonstrate your expertise. Trusted citation metrics and visualizations Showcase your citation impact with Author Impact Beamplots—visualizations aligned with responsible research evaluation. Highlight societal impact with citations from patents and policy documents. Flexible profile management Create a profile within minutes and update your details with ease. Enjoy identity control options such as making your chosen name discoverable or hiding dead or maiden names. Increase your research visibility with our researcher profile tool. Learn more about Web of Science Researcher Profiles. Take me to the learning portal 3p Resources Blog August 2, 2023 Solving time crunch and profile challenges for researchers How librarians can relieve administrative burdens and drive researcher effectiveness north_east Guide Showcasing your research to advance your career A ‘how to’ guide for researchers north_east Blog March 1, 2021 The Web of Science Author Impact Beamplots: A new tool for responsible research evaluation How the addition of beamplots to the Web of Science will provide researchers and evaluators with contextual insights around individual researcher performance. north_east Webinar Simply stand out. Streamlining researcher profile maintenance to showcase your institution's excellence. Online profiles help researchers and university leaders showcase high-value outcomes to build their reputation and attract external investment and partners. north_east chevron_left chevron_right FAQs How do I create a Web of Science Researcher Profile? An account is your key that unlocks personalized functionality in Web of Science. If you already have an account on the Web of Science, simply log in to start managing your researcher profile. If you’ve never used the Web of Science before, or you aren’t sure , visit https://webofscience.com/ to register for your free Web of Science profile. Do I need to access Web of Science through an institutional subscription to build a profile? No, you can create a new researcher profile or manage an existing one for free. A ccess to document searching and the full Web of Science experience, however, is only available to subscribers. Who can see my profile? Anyone in the world can view your profile. Users with institutional subscription access to Web of Science will enjoy the most complete set of search and personalization features available, but additional access levels exist to ensure that your profile is open to everyone. Related products Web of Science Reviewer Recognition Service Cultivate a community of expert reviewers north_east Preprint Citation Index Quickly locate the latest breakthroughs in your field north_east ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Citation Index The integration of ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Global and the Web of Science north_east Grants Index Back your proposal strategy with awarded grant data on the Web of Science north_east Follow us Contact us Sales enquiries north_east Customer service north_east Support north_east Academia & Government Academia & Government Scientific and Academic Research Content Solutions Books & Marketplaces Library Software Solutions for Government Life Sciences & Healthcare Life Sciences & Healthcare Real World Data Portfolio Strategy and Business Development Research and Development Commercialization Manufacturing Supply Chain Consulting Services MedTech Intellectual Property Intellectual Property IP Management Software Patent Services Patent Intelligence Brand IP Solutions Litigation Intelligence Consulting Services Company Company About Clarivate Executive leadership Newsroom Voice of Customer Sustainability Investors Careers language Regional sites 简体中文 (Chinese) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) 繁体中文 (Traditional Chinese) América Latina (ES) © 2026 Clarivate. All rights reserved. Legal Trust Center Standards Privacy center Privacy
                            notice Cookie
                            notice Career Fraud Warning Transparency in Coverage Modern slavery statement Cookie preferences Search Clarivate Fraud Warning Please be advised that recently there have been fraudulent job offers and interviews using the
                    Clarivate name, logo and even names of our colleagues. Please be aware that Clarivate will: Never ask for payment of any kind as part of our hiring or onboarding processes Never ask an applicant to email sensitive personal information, such as a Social Security
                        Number, birthdate, credit card or bank account information Never issue pre-employment checks to purchase office supplies Never ask you to pay up for an external course and upskill If you have any question about a position posted in our company name, please check our current open
                    positions on the Clarivate website Careers pages or contact one of our recruiting team members
                    directly. If you have been the victim of a scam, please contact your local law enforcement agency. Federal Transparency In Coverage Rule This link leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal
                    Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes
                    negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare
                    providers. The machine-readable files are
                    formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and
                    analyze data. View now north_east