Live Streaming and Video Streaming Solutions for Churches | Resi Products Products Services Church Livestreaming Multisite Resi On Demand Features Studio Studio AI Media Sites QRclick 4K to Web RTMP Destinations Real-time Analytics Resilient Streaming Protocol Automated Subtitles All Features Hardware Hardware Streaming Hardware RAY Encoder Mini Encoder Server-Grade Streaming Software ProPresenter Stream Pricing Resources Resources Resi Resources Blog Glossary Resources Testimonials Webinar Resi Equip FREE EBOOK Unlocking the Full Potential of Church Engagement Download Now Support Support Pricing Contact Us Help Center Talk to Sales Buy Resi Buy Resi Talk to Sales Buy Resi Reliably Resi lient Streaming. Grow your church and engage your congregation with a reliable live streaming and video solution that just works—even when your internet goes out. Talk to Sales Buy Resi All-in-One Streaming Solution Stream more. Stress less. Chad Vegas Transformation Church Tech Director "Our internet went down for 16 minutes today, but thanks to you guys, once it was back up it literally picked up as if nothing happened. Our executive pastors looked at us and said, ' Oh, wow. That’s why you wanted Resi! '" Making Sunday Happen Live Streaming 100% Error-Proof Streaming You’ll never lag, buffer, or freeze with Resi’s patented Resilient Streaming Protocol (RSP). Tools That Save You Time You and your team will save hours every week with Resi’s intuitive “set and forget” scheduling and automation tools that are volunteer friendly. Stream to Multiple Destinations At home or on-the-go, your message is heard—no matter where or how people are viewing. Support Available Every Day Our award-winning customer support team is standing by every day of the week—including Sunday—ready to answer any question and assist any customer. See More Features 3 easy ways to stream: Portable & Server-Grade Hardware Encoders ProPresenter Stream Software Encoder Web-Based Upload and Sim-Live Keeping Sunday Connected Multi-Site A Total Multi-Campus Package Resi’s Decoders and Encoders deliver crystal clear audio and video to remote locations and off-site campuses. Remote Campuses That Feel Like Home Experience the seamless transmission of up to 2 video channels and 16 audio channels, deepening your connection between your remote and broadcast locations. Multisite Made Simple Easy-to-use hardware and proactive support means little experience is needed to execute a powerful multi-site strategy. See More Features Tim Schurrer Storybrand Former COO "Partnering with Resi has made all the difference in the world for us... we’ve served tens of thousands of customers virtually and couldn’t have done it without the team at Resi." Watch the Video ▶ Paul Mitchell Chase Oaks Production Director "We had Vimeo copyright strike us twice for short clips from movies we used as illustrations in a couple messages. We almost lost all of our active and archived video for the church." Going Beyond Sunday Resi On Demand Watch the Video ▶ Stream, Save, & Share Instantly An on-demand platform that lets you instantly store, display, and share your church’s video content — as it’s being broadcast in real-time. A Media Site For Your Church Host your streamed sermons and video content on a personalized site that looks and feels like your church. You're In Control Your content is your content. We don’t fill your videos with annoying ads or recommendations to other content that could distract your audience. See More Features Behind the Scenes Control. Simplified. Manage Your Content Studio Studio is your intuitive and comprehensive command center from which you have full control of your church’s streaming experience. Stress-Free Content Management Custom workflows and automated processes mean a hands-off and stress-free approach to content management, delivery, and development. In-Depth Analytics From holistic summaries to highly-specific metrics, Studio offers vital insight to help you tailor your content and engage your audience. A Feature-Rich Online Experience Experience a personalized interface with back-end features such as Dark and Light Mode, mobile responsiveness, and 24-Hour Time Settings. Tailor your viewing experience with optional features like automated subtitles, CTA buttons, and more. Post-Production, Simplified Studio AI uses powerful automation to turn long-form videos into short, searchable, and shareable content in seconds, helping you reach more people without adding more work. Learn More We're here for you — even on Sunday morning. Our support is available round the clock to address any questions you might have, regardless of your plan level. We believe in assisting everyone who reaches out. Resi's platforms offer proactive monitoring and comprehensive reports, complemented by email and phone support – even on Sundays. A pain-free and easy set-up experience With easy-to-follow documentation, live onboarding, and our award-winning support team we make getting started with Resi easy. Plus, Resi seamlessly integrates with various tools and products, eliminating the need for a complete overhaul of your existing setup. See All Integrations Start Streaming Now See firsthand how Resi transforms your streaming experience with a full walkthrough of Resi’s advanced features. Find answers to your questions, get pricing info, and discover how to elevate your streaming setup with ease. Talk to Sales Buy Resi or call 1-800-875-0696 Go faster and further with Studio AI. Click here to learn more. Your demo is coming right up! Just tell us a bit about your streaming needs. Our streaming experts are standing by to answer any questions you have. Get a Demo Close Products Livestream Solution Multisite Streaming Pre-Recorded Streaming ProPresenter Stream Streaming Encoders Streaming Decoders Login Solutions for Churches Enterprise Education Events/Conferences Sports Pricing Support Customer Support Help Center Resources Blog Podcast Resi Equip Streaming Glossary Testimonials Company Contact Resellers Press Careers Features Studio Studio AI Resi On Demand Media Sites QRclick Real-time Analytics Automated Subtitles Resilient Streaming Protocol Privacy & Terms Legal Status © 2016- 2026 Resi Media LLC. A Pushpay Company. All rights reserved.