Restaurant Business Magazine - Trends, Ideas and News Continue to Site >>> Menu Newsletter Search Restaurant Business Search Login Subscribe Newsletter Login Subscribe Topics Consumer Trends Food Beverage Emerging Brands Operations Technology Marketing Workforce Leadership Financing Data Top 500 Chains Top 100 Independents Future 50: Emerging Brands Same-store Sales Tracker Special Reports COVID: 5 Years Later 50 Great Ideas Killer in the kitchen Evolving Kitchens The impact of the $15 wage America's Favorite Chains Untangling the supply chain View All Resources Columnists Magazine Recipedia A Deeper Dive Podcast Menu Talk Podcast The Week in Restaurants Webinars Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Media Appearances Events & Communities Restaurant Leadership Conference Restaurant Leadership Conference Recap FSTEC FSTEC Show Recap Global Restaurant Leadership Conference All Meetings FOLLOW US X Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Youtube Threads National Restaurant Association From the Association The Show × Edit Restaurant Business Migration Featured News Financing Why Darden keeps its chains' growth in check Recent Stories Financing Premium McDonald's evolving franchise model Financing Mixue, the world's biggest restaurant chain by unit count, opens in the U.S. Food Premium A loaded 'tendy' burrito brings the late-night crowd to Saucy by KFC Financing Burger King has improved operations and marketing, now it’s time for the food Technology Olo acquires Spendgo and launches its own loyalty offering Financing Premium A deep look at Fat Brands' financial problems Workforce The new year will bring minimum wage increases in 19 states Technology Premium See what's on restaurants' tech wish list this year Food Need a protein snack? How about a cup of Chipotle's chicken? Financing Delivery is working for Olive Garden, but don't expect it on any third-party apps soon Beverage Hot beverages pick up steam in cold weather Restaurant Business Podcasts Listen Restaurant Daily Your quick morning dose of the restaurant news you need, every weekday, from the editors of Restaurant Business and Nation's Restaurant News. Listen A Deeper Dive "A Deeper Dive" is a weekly podcast from Restaurant Business dedicated to going in-depth on the most pressing challenges and opportunities restaurant operators face today, hosted by Editor-in-Chief Jonathan Maze. Listen Menu Talk “Menu Talk”, formally Menu Feed, is a weekly podcast hosted by Pat Cobe of Restaurant Business and Bret Thorn with Nation’s Restaurant News. Listen The Week in Restaurants What's happening in the restaurant industry this week, with a discussion on the week's biggest news and topics, along with technology trends and other issues. Listen Working Lunch Working Lunch is a podcast from Align Public Strategies devoted to explaining the so what and now what about key issues impacting the restaurant and retail industries. Exclusive Content Premium Food A loaded 'tendy' burrito brings the late-night crowd to Saucy by KFC Behind the Menu: Yum Brands' chicken tender concept has added several new formats and flavors to expand eating occasions and push customization in new directions. The Kitchen Sink Grand'ito is the latest. Premium Financing A deep look at Fat Brands' financial problems The Bottom Line: Lawsuits, regulatory filings and our own reports paint a picture of a deepening financial problem at the owner of Fazoli’s, Fatburger and several other restaurant chains. Premium Technology See what's on restaurants' tech wish list this year Tech Check: Operators are hoping for help with customer data, order accuracy and more, and there’s strong demand for AI-powered tools. Restaurant Business Special Reports COVID: 5 Years Later Future 50 2025 Top 500 Chains 2025 RB Quarterly Q3 2025: The Technomic Top 500 50 Great Ideas of 2025 Same-Store Sales Tracker More From Restaurant Business Financing Shareholder alleges Fat Brands masked its cashflow problem The owner of Fatburger and Fazoli’s has been sued in a Delaware court over allegations that the company used short-term borrowing and merchant cash advances to hide a liquidity crisis. Premium Operations Paris Baguette wants to be America's neighborhood bakery The global bakery-cafe chain's North America division is positioning for ambitious growth beyond the U.S. and Canada. Leadership 7 Brew, Mountain Mike's Pizza, Sonny's BBQ and more make executive moves Executive Summary: Here are the latest leadership changes in the restaurant industry. Financing Krispy Kreme, looking to pay off debt, is selling its Japan business The doughnut chain is selling its operations in Japan to Unison Capital for $65 million. It is the first international franchise agreement since the company launched its turnaround plan. Operations The best of Restaurant Business 2025 In a complicated year for the restaurant industry, our journalists continued to provide outstanding work. Here’s a look at some of the best stories and podcasts we produced over the course of the year. Premium Technology Restaurants sound the alarm over 'review bombing' Scammers are flooding restaurants with fake Google reviews in hopes of scoring a ransom. The search engine recently launched a new process for cracking down on extortion. Financing The 10 biggest stories in the restaurant industry in 2025 Customers bristled at inflation, igniting the most intense value war the industry has ever seen. Also, a beverage boom, immigration, fast-casual challenges, big bankruptcies and acquisitions. Newsletter Want breaking news at your fingertips? Get today’s need-to-know restaurant industry intelligence. Sign up to receive texts from Restaurant Business on news and insights that matter to your brand. Newsletter The latest from Restaurant Business, sent straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Click here to complete your profile Essential Resources Top 100 Independents 2025 Top 100 Independents 2025 It’s a tough time for restaurants of all sizes. But some independent operators keep showing their resilience, making Restaurant Business’ annual ranking of the 100 top-grossing independent restaurants. This year’s list boasts 19 new names, as well as many stalwarts, all with a focus on putting people first. Special Reports Buzzworthy Brands Resources Why Workers Leave and Why they Stay About Newsletters Advertise Magazine Do not sell my personal info Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Contact Us RSS Copyright © Informa Connect 2026