Free Resume Builder: Make & Download Easily · Resume.io Resume Templates Resume Examples Cover Letter FAQ Resources Sign in Create my resume Resume Templates Ats Optimise your resume and impress employers with these ATS-friendly designs. Google docs Google Docs templates for fast, flexible editing—easy to update, share, and customize anywhere. Modern A current and stylish feel for forward-thinking candidates in innovative fields Professional Job-winning templates to showcase professionalism, dependability, and expertise Simple Clean, timeless templates with a classic balanced structure. A perfect basic canvas Word Microsoft Word templates, perfect for downloading, editing, and customizing offline. Resume Builder Build powerful resumes in only 5 minutes with our easy to use Resume Builder and get hired faster. Get help from AI Get ahead with our AI resume builder. Resume Examples Education Educate employers on your skills with a resume fit for any role in or outside the classroom Government Create a government resume that commands the attention of department recruiters Engineering Build the foundation for success with a resume tailored to highlight your engineering expertise Retail Showcase your retail experience with a resume that’s as well-crafted as your displays Most Popular Nurse High School Student Internship Student Accountant All Examples 500+ Free Resume Examples by industry Use the expert guides and our resume builder to create a beautiful resume in minutes. Get started now Cover Letter Templates View all Google docs Google Docs templates for quick, flexible editing—easy to personalize and share anytime. Microsoft word Microsoft templates you can easily edit, format, and customize offline in Word. Professional Polished designs to help you highlight your knowledge and expertise in formal fields Simple Clean, straightforward templates aiming to keep the focus on your letter’s writing and content Cover Letter Examples Nursing Administrative Assistant Internship Graduate Teacher All Examples Cover Letter Builder Build professional cover letters in a few simple steps by using our free Cover Letter builder. Get started now Resources View all Video Video guides to help you write better resumes and land more interviews Podcasts Career podcasts to coach you through every step of your professional journey Blog Categories Job Interview Career Cover Letter Resume Help Latest Post Career 11 min How U.S. Workers View Nepotism in the Workplace Resume Resume Templates ATS Google Docs Modern Professional Simple Word View all Resume Examples Education Government Engineering Retail View all Most Popular Nurse High School Student Internship Student Accountant View all Cover Letter Cover Letter Templates Google Docs Microsoft Word Professional Simple View all Cover Letter Examples Nursing Administrative Assistant Internship Graduate Teacher View all Cover Letter Builder Resources Resources Video Podcasts Blog Categories Job Interview Career Cover Letter Resume Help View all About Us FAQ Contact Us My Account Create my resume This resume builder gets you Only 2% of resumes win. Yours will be one of them. Create my resume Create my resume Upload my resume 39% more likely to land the job 4.4 out of 5 | 37,389 reviews 39% more likely to land the job 4.4 out of 5 | 37,389 reviews resumes created today A draft in 10 mins The AI builder is 10 x faster than doing on your own. Zero mistakes Don't stress over typos; you'll sound great! ATS templates Your resume will be 100% compliant. Recruiters will see you. Get paid 7% more We can help you negotiate a higher starting salary... Every tool you need is here... 1. Get Noticed 2. Get Hired 3. Get Paid More 4. Get promoted Resume Builder Build the resume that gets you hired. We designed the builder with top employers Finish a draft 20 mins with “Recruiter-AI”. Recruiter Match Recruiters come to us with roles they can’t fill. We close-match your resume and then send it to 50 recruiters a week. Job Board See every online job board in one place. We search the entire internet every day. If a role goes live, you won’t miss it. Auto Apply Our team of experts apply for you. All they need is your resume and your target salary. interviews come by email. Interview Prep Practice the questions that get you hired. Choose from the world’s best employers and see instant feedback. Salary Analyzer Get paid 7% more. Our salary analyzer shows you if your job offer is at the market rate. Always negotiate! Career Coaching Work 1-1 with an expert to expand your network, give better interviews and negotiate a higher salary. Future Learn Future proof yourself. Get the courses you need to grow. Accredited, certified and respected by employers. Get Noticed Resume Builder Build the resume that gets you hired. We designed the builder with top employers Finish a draft 20 mins with “Recruiter-AI”. Recruiter Match Recruiters come to us with roles they can’t fill. We close-match your resume and then send it to 50 recruiters a week. Get Hired Job Board See every online job board in one place. We search the entire internet every day. If a role goes live, you won’t miss it. Auto Apply Our team of experts apply for you. All they need is your resume and your target salary. interviews come by email. Get Paid More Interview Prep Practice the questions that get you hired. Choose from the world’s best employers and see instant feedback. Salary Analyzer Get paid 7% more. Our salary analyzer shows you if your job offer is at the market rate. Always negotiate! Get promoted Career Coaching Work 1-1 with an expert to expand your network, give better interviews and negotiate a higher salary. Future Learn Future proof yourself. Get the courses you need to grow. Accredited, certified and respected by employers. Our candidates have been hired at: Need some advice? 98% of our coaching clients receive a job offer with 12 weeks. Find your coach Tested resume templates Use the templates recruiters like. Download to Word or PDF. Traditional 2,100,000+ users chose this template Use this template Professional 6,000,000+ users chose this template Use this template Prime ATS 290,000+ users chose this template Use this template Pure ATS 73,000+ users chose this template Use this template Specialist 30,000+ users chose this template Use this template Clean 1,900,000+ users chose this template Use this template Simple ATS 420,000+ users chose this template Use this template Corporate 5,000,000+ users chose this template Use this template Clear 2,900,000+ users chose this template Use this template Precision ATS 140,000+ users chose this template Use this template Two column ATS 190,000+ users chose this template Use this template Balanced 2,500,000+ users chose this template Use this template Header ATS 310,000+ users chose this template Use this template Essential 11,000,000+ users chose this template Use this template Polished 720,000+ users chose this template Use this template Vivid 1,900,000+ users chose this template Use this template Calligraphic 300,000+ users chose this template Use this template Harmonized 1,000,000+ users chose this template Use this template Defined 3,800,000+ users chose this template Use this template Minimalist 920,000+ users chose this template Use this template Industrial 2,200,000+ users chose this template Use this template Elegant 570,000+ users chose this template Use this template Bold 750,000+ users chose this template Use this template Authority 220,000+ users chose this template Use this template Half Tone 160,000+ users chose this template Use this template Executive 200,000+ users chose this template Use this template Statement 55,000+ users chose this template Use this template Modern 450,000+ users chose this template Use this template Creative 340,000+ users chose this template Use this template Pastel 890,000+ users chose this template Use this template Visionary 270,000+ users chose this template Use this template Confetti 680,000+ users chose this template Use this template Color Splash 88,000+ users chose this template Use this template Rirekisho 140,000+ users chose this template Use this template Shokumukeirekisho 15,000+ users chose this template Use this template Academic 2,100+ users chose this template Use this template Entry Level 2,200+ users chose this template Use this template Classic 8,200,000+ users chose this template Use this template Way beyond a resume builder... AI-powered Step-by-step guidance No need to think much. We guide you through every step of the process. We show you what to add, and where to add it it. It's clear and simple. Create my resume AI-powered AI writes for you Speak into the mic and the AI fixes mistakes. Stuck? Click to add phrases that sound professional. AI-powered Instant cover letters Just paste a job link. We create a matching cover letter. using your resume. You're done in 2 mins! Purpose built to impress recruiters. Paste any job link Simple and effective. We have the formula that works for recruiters. Just paste the job description and we pre-build your resume to match. Tailor my resume Recruiter Match Recruiters come to us with roles they can't fill. We can match your resume with up to 50 recruiters a week. When there's a match, they will contact you via email. Start distributing Need some advice? 98% of our coaching clients receive a job offer with 12 weeks. All Doctor Architect Civil Engineer Driver Teacher Accountant Retail Human Resources Administrative Student Legal Get the interview with professional resume examples Impress employers and recruiters. Choose from hundreds of professionally-designed resume examples. Download to Word or PDF. See all resume examples 4.3 out of 5 based on 54,788 reviews on Trustpilot Try this template Doctor 500+ users chose this template Try this template Architect 500+ users chose this template Try this template Civil Engineer 500+ users chose this template Try this template Driver 500+ users chose this template Try this template Teacher 500+ users chose this template Try this template Accountant 500+ users chose this template Try this template Retail 500+ users chose this template Try this template Human Resources 500+ users chose this template Try this template Administrative 500+ users chose this template Try this template Student 500+ users chose this template Try this template Legal 500+ users chose this template 4.3 out of 5 based on 54,788 reviews on Trustpilot 92% of customers recommend us 4.3 out of 5 based on 54,788 reviews Very intuitive platform Very intuitive platform! Easy to handle and perfect for great resumès. André Corrêa • 4 days ago Easy resume builder templates Easy resume builder templates, a lot of templates to choose from. However, the interface is quite hard to be understood. Hoping that my cover letter wont need for me to be answering questions but instead improving my cover letter or tailor it according to the job post that I want. Farah Az Zahirah  Binti Sukart • 5 days ago I have a problem with my subscription I have a problem with my subscription, the resume.io team very helpful with all my questions. Thank You! Titis Rachma • 7 days ago Great flow and easy to understand Great flow and easy to understand. AI copilot is also helpful in structuring thoughts. Goran • 8 days ago Resume.co Gives Resume Profiles a MEGA Boost! The efficiency, ease of recreating your resume and cover letter to effectively and strategically align with your new targeted role and opportunities. A bonus was also distributing our new resumes to key recruiters in the industry of choice!  Way To Go Resume.co!! Jewel Kitko • 13 days ago Need some expert advice? Read the blog Field tested How to write a resume: Expert guide & examples (2025) HR approved How to write a cover letter: expert guide & examples (2025) Video Career Best way to ask for that promotion | Interview Masterclass Video Job Interview How to answer phone interview questions (plus sample responses) Video Resume Help Learn how to write a high school resume (with examples)! Frequently Asked Questions What is the definition of a resume? A resume is a concise document that summarizes your work experience, education, skills, qualities, and accomplishments. It’s used to showcase your qualifications to potential employers and helps you stand out. It tells employers why you deserve a job interview in one or two powerful pages. Learn more in this article. What is the difference between a CV and a resume? In the U.S. and elsewhere around the world, the terms "CV" and "resume" are often used in the same way. However, there are some differences. A resume is typically shorter, highlighting relevant skills and experience for a specific job. A CV (curriculum vitae) is more detailed, focusing on your entire career. For most U.S. job applications, a resume is the preferred format. Learn more in this article. How do I choose the right resume template? To choose the right resume template, consider the job you're applying for and your industry. If you're in a creative field, a more visually appealing template might be best. For traditional industries like finance or law, stick to a clean, professional layout. Ensure the template is easy to read, highlights your strengths, and aligns with your experience level. Avoid overloading it with too many graphics or colors that could distract from your qualifications. Choosing the best resume format for the template is also important: Chronological (or reverse chronological) - Most popular: Lists jobs in reverse order, starting with the most recent. Ideal for those with a consistent career track. Functional (skills-based): Highlights skills over chronological work history, perfect for career changers or those with employment gaps. Combination (hybrid): Merges elements of both chronological and functional formats, listing skills followed by employment history. Great for experienced professionals with varied transferable skills relevant to the job. Review our field-tested resume templates or job-specific resume examples to help pick the ideal template for you or change your template on the fly in the builder. Learn more in this article. How far back should a resume go? A resume should typically go back 10-15 years, focusing on the most recent and relevant experience, and not necessarily all your previous jobs. Older jobs may be summarized briefly or left out if they aren't relevant to the position you're applying for. The goal is to highlight your most valuable skills and accomplishments without overwhelming the reader by making your resume too long. Learn more in this article. What does an ATS-friendly resume mean? An ATS-friendly resume is designed to pass through the Applicant Tracking Systems, which employers use to screen resumes, especially for roles with lots of applicants. To make your resume ATS-friendly, use a simple, clean format without complex designs or graphics, include relevant keywords from the job description, and use standard fonts. Avoid tables, images, or unusual file formats, and save your resume as a .docx or PDF to ensure compatibility. Use our specially designed ATS resume templates to create the strictest ATS-friendly resume, approved by resume.io career experts. Learn more in this article. What resume file format can I download in? While you can’t download it directly in Google Docs format, you can download certain resumes in the .docx file and easily upload them to Google Drive, where you can open and edit them in Google Docs. Both .docx and PDF formats are widely accepted for job applications. View how to download in various formats in the resume builder. Learn more in this article. Is it worth paying for a resume builder? Yes. Paying for the resume builder offers several advantages. Our free resume builder comes with the Vancouver template, and it's a good start if you have zero budget. However, paid features unlock professional templates, advanced customization, and AI-powered suggestions. All of these increase your chances of getting hired. Your job application is only as strong as your weakest link. The free features are a great starting point, but if you're not getting as many interviews as you would like, perhaps it’s time to make a small investment in your future career. Learn more in this article. Should I make a different resume for every job application? Yes, it's essential to tailor your resume for every job application. Tailored resumes are directly relevant to the job description. This impresses recruiters. Customize your resume by highlighting the skills, experiences, and accomplishments most relevant to the specific job. This increases your chances of standing out and showing employers you're a great fit for their position. However, you don't need to start from scratch; just tweak key sections to match the job description. With our resume builder, you can easily duplicate existing resumes, paste the new job listing link, and receive tailored advice to help you update your resume to match the specific job requirements. Learn more in this article. What makes resume.io the best resume builder? Resume.io stands out for two reasons. Firstly, we’re a market leader. We’ve been refining the builder for more than 10 years; it’s fast, effective, and creates strong resumes that win interviews. Our AI resume builder makes it easy to produce mistake-free resumes that highlight your strengths and align with industry standards. They’re exactly what recruiters want to see. Secondly (and this is a big one, your resume is just the start. With every resume, you get free access to more than 18 powerful career tools like job search, interview preparation, and salary analysis. Learn more in this article. Can’t find what you need yet? — View our customer support articles Need more career advice? — View our career resources Join over resume makers Start now and get hired faster. Create my resume Resume AI Resume builder ATS Scorer Resume examples Resume templates Cover Letter Cover Letter Examples Cover Letter Templates Job seekers Job Search Resources Blog Resume Help Job Interview Career Writing a Resume Writing a Cover Letter Our company About Us Pricing Updates Sponsorship Program Media Kit Affiliates Support FAQ Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Right of Withdrawal Do not sell, do not share Your privacy choices Select your country International Join us on social media Copyright 2025 - Resume.io Cookies improve your experience We use cookies to make our website work better. They improve your experience and help with our advertising and analysis. By agreeing, you accept that your data may be shared with our colleagues in the USA. You can reject cookie permission at any time, just send an email to privacy@resume.io . Please see our Cookie policy for more detail. Accept all Essential only Preferences Select your country Brasil Chile Danmark Deutschland España France International Ireland Italia Magyarország México Nederland New Zealand Norge Polska Portugal România Schweiz Srbija Suomi Sverige United Kingdom Österreich Česko Ελλάδα България 日本 Protect your data Resume.io and its partners place cookies on this website and use non-sensitive data from your device to improve the products offered and to personalize advertising offers and other web content. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies. However, blocking certain cookies may limit your use of the website and the services offered. In some cases, collected data may be shared with third parties, which may be classified as a “transfer of personal data” under the EU General Data Protection Regulation. You can exercise your right to object at any time and prevent the sharing of your data by disabling cookies. For more information about cookies, please see the content below: Cookie Policy Accept All In the following section you will find the different types of cookies: Essential Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off by our systems. As a rule, these cookies are only set in response to actions you take that correspond to a service request, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling out forms. You can change your browser settings to disable these cookies, but this may prevent you from accessing and using the website. These cookies do not store any personal data. Learn more Analytical Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are the most popular, which are the least visited and how visitors move around our site. The information collected is aggregated and therefore anonymous and if you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our website. Learn more Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners, such as Google , Facebook and Microsoft . They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Learn more Allow Resume.io to Sell/Share my Personal Information Please toggle off this selection to direct us not to sell/share your personal information. Note: You can also submit a request to Do Not Sell/Share personal information here . Save Reject All We’re reading your resume... Fact: recruiters spend less than 7 seconds scanning your resume for the first time. Upload resume DOC, DOCX, or PDF (max 10MB) Browse file Please share your email address to continue. A user with the email address provided already exists! Go check your email! It has a magic link to sign you in. Did you mean We think you might have made a typo in your email. Please check your email once again and click Confirm. Invalid email By sharing your email you agree with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Improve resume