The Smartest Online Resume Builder — Resume Genius Skip to Content Skip to Footer Resume Genius The World's Smartest Resume Builder Resume Templates Resume Templates Professional Designs Basic Creative Modern Minimalist File Types To Download Word Google Docs PDF Pages Formats Chronological Functional Combination Infographic Situational Templates ATS Entry Level Picture Blank View All Free Resume Templates Use a Premium Template Monday to Friday, 8AM – 12AM (Midnight) and Saturdays and Sundays, 10AM – 6PM EDT (866) 215-9048 Resume Examples Resume Examples For Students High School Internship College Student CV By Experience No Experience Mid-Career Manager Executive Top Industries Teaching Nursing Administrative Assistant Customer Service Cashier Engineering Graphic Design Server View All Resume Examples Build My Resume Now Monday to Friday, 8AM – 12AM (Midnight) and Saturdays and Sundays, 10AM – 6PM EDT (866) 215-9048 Free Resources Free Resources Tools Resume Summary Generator ATS Resume Checker Bullet Point Generator Skills Generator Resumes How to Write a Resume for 2026 The Best Resume Format for You 200+ Skills for Your Resume Resume Summary Examples Cover Letters Cover Letter Templates Cover Letter Examples How to Write a Cover Letter The Best Cover Letter Format Today CVs Professional CV Template CV Examples How to Write an Academic CV How to Format a CV Visit the Genius Blog Build My Resume Now Monday to Friday, 8AM – 12AM (Midnight) and Saturdays and Sundays, 10AM – 6PM EDT (866) 215-9048 Builders Builders The Genius Resume Builder Make a professional resume in just a few minutes. AI Cover Letter Generator Write custom cover letters for every application. Professional CV Maker Create a detailed academic or professional CV. Read reviews from our customers Best Resume Builders for 2026 Build My Resume Log in / Sign up Monday to Friday, 8AM – 12AM (Midnight) and Saturdays and Sundays, 10AM – 6PM EDT (866) 215-9048 Pricing Monday to Friday, 8AM – 12AM (Midnight) and Saturdays and Sundays, 10AM – 6PM EDT (866) 215-9048 Build My Resume Log in / Sign up Monday to Friday, 8AM – 12AM (Midnight) and Saturdays and Sundays, 10AM – 6PM EDT (866) 215-9048 The Smartest Online Resume Builder Let our AI-powered resume builder help you create a professional resume quickly and effortlessly. Build My Resume Now Upload My Existing Resume Resume & Career Experts 4.5 Excellent Professional resume templates for today's job seeker The Genius resume builder provides 35 modern, expert-approved templates for you to use. Quickly test how your resume looks in different designs and colors. View All Resume Templates Use This Template 2025 Use This Template Advanced Use This Template Current Use This Template Magnate Use This Template Aesthetic Use This Template Milano Use This Template Millenial Use This Template Supreme Use This Template Paramount Use This Template Elite Use This Template Opulence Use This Template Fashionable Use This Template Tech Use This Template New Age Use This Template Notre Dame Use This Template Chicago Features of our resume builder AI resume parser Our parsing tool pulls the content from your resume into our builder, where you can improve the content and try out different resume formats. Resume summary generator Our software automatically summarizes your professional background and skills in a single click. Automatic resume formatting Organizing a resume in Word or Google Docs is tedious — our resume maker does it all for you (fonts, margins, everything). Job-specific skills & bullets to select Based on the job you want, our resume builder provides hundreds of experience bullet points and skills you can click to fill in your resume. How to build a resume in 3 steps using our software Putting together a resume has never been easier. Our resume builder fills out your information and formats it into an HR-approved template to easily download, so you can start applying for jobs sooner rather than later. Make a Resume Now Generate a Cover Letter step 1 Quickly generate content for your resume Whether you’re clicking pre-written bullets and skills or using AI to create a custom summary, our builder does the writing so you don’t have to. Key resume sections Header Summary Experience Education Skills Certifications step 2 Select an HR-approved resume template See how your resume looks using different templates. Choose the template that fits the job you want and best suits your professional background. Template Styles Professional Modern Creative Simple Picture step 3 Download your professional resume Save your newly built resume as a PDF, Word Doc, or TXT file directly to your browser. You’re now ready to start applying for jobs! File Formats Microsoft Word (can open in G Docs) PDF TXT Hyperlink (easily shareable) Make a Resume Now Generate a Cover Letter Real resume examples reviewed by experts If you’re unsure about your resume, we provide 450+ resume examples for common jobs in the US to use for comparison. Every sample is reviewed by a relevant expert, and includes suggestions to make a resume for that job. View All Resume Examples Resumes & insights for every industry From education and the arts to sports and medicine, our resume examples cover major industries found in the US and throughout the world. Government Teacher Nurse Graphic Designer Sales IT Administrative Assistant Engineer Human resources Volunteer Cashier Call center representative Babysitter Retail Acting Tax Preparer Student Accountant Intern Marketing Lawyer Banking Server CNA Developer Experience level variations for every job title Whether you’re an experienced professional or haven’t held a job in your life, you’ll find resume examples similar to your own background that show you how to make a job-winning resume. Customer Service Shuffle Job seekers love our resume builder Ready to make your resume? Learn how our builder software can help you create a resume that perfectly highlights your talents and lands you more interviews. Build My Resume Now Not Just a Resume Builder How our experts prepare you for success on your job hunt CPRW Geoffrey Scott Professional Resume Writer, Career Coach, & Senior Hiring Manager Conrad Benz Content Manager & Hiring Manager CPRW Eva Chan Senior PR Expert & Certified Professional Resume Writer Yolaine Amaro Social Media Lead CPRW Samuel Johns Senior Content Editor & Certified Professional Resume Writer High Editorial Standards Every piece of content published follows our rigorous editorial process to ensure its usefulness and accuracy for our readers. Our Editorial Guidelines Certified Experts Resume Genius is staffed by certified career and resume professionals, and supported by external recruiters and HR veterans. Meet Our Team Innovative Studies From original research to news on job hunting, the Genius PR team is ready to give users an edge in today’s competitive job market. Our Latest Work Our team has been cited in top publications around the world * The names and logos of the companies referred to are all trademarks of their respective holders. Unless specifically stated otherwise, such references are not intended to imply any affiliation or association with Resume Genius. All of our authors are authorities in job hunting, interviewing, and resume writing. Some instances where the media and press have cited our team’s expertise include: Genius insights: data-backed resources to guide your job search We provide job seekers with the most up-to-date research and advice on job hunting and resume writing today. Check out our blog to learn more about what hiring managers are thinking and how to enhance every part of your job application. Visit Our Blog How to Make a Resume for Any Job in 2026 Sebastian Morgan November 27, 2025 50+ Essential Resume Statistics in 2025 — Analysis of 500,000 Job Applications Eva Chan March 24, 2025 Guide to the Best Resume Formats of 2025 Corissa Peterson November 26, 2025 AI Impact on Hiring Survey: How Recruitment is Evolving Eva Chan March 17, 2025 Watch videos for more resume-writing ideas Have resume or job hunting questions? Join our community of job seekers and reach out for answers from our team. We also provide casual tutorials on how to land a job, career advice tips, and even a little office humor. Youtube Instagram TikTok 04:24 Create a Job-Ready Resume in MS Word or Google Docs (📌FREE Templates Link🔗) 610 views 27 days ago 04:05 Why ATS Systems REJECT Your Resume (& How to PASS Them in 2025) 6.38K views 12 months ago 06:31 Best Skills to Have on Your Resume (& How to SHOW Them to Employers) 2.9K views 9 months ago 06:53 How to Write a Resume with ChatGPT (with prompts!) 51.8K views 1 year ago Common resume advice 4400 views 1 month ago The best free resume template for 2025 2766 views 3 months ago Do not use "responsible for" on your resume 1.8M views 1 year ago How to list an UNFINISHED degree on your resume 31.7K views 2 years ago Frequently Asked Questions What is Resume Genius? Resume Genius is the best resume builder you can find online, with software refined over the past decade to help millions of users secure interviews and land jobs. In addition to its powerful resume builder software, Resume Genius provides hundreds of free resume templates to download, a library of 1,000+ resume examples for all major industries and job titles, and resume writing guides curated to help you meet the demands of even the most discerning employers. Staffed by a team of Certified Professional Resume Writers, hiring managers, and career experts, Resume Genius is equipped to help users (both old and new) earn job offers they deserve and navigate today’s tough job market. How do I build a resume? You can build a resume with our resume creator — simply upload your existing resume and edit it or start from the beginning. Check out our resume builder today and learn how to make a resume that gets you more job offers in your chosen industry. Additionally, you can even use our resume builder for free by downloading your resume as a text file. Is Resume Genius legit? Yes, Resume Genius is legit. ResumeGenius.com is SSL Certified and protected by Norton AntiVirus, and all of the downloads and software on ResumeGenius.com are protected as well. Read, download, and navigate our content with ease, so you can spend more time focusing on that job you’ve got your eye on and getting ready to submit an application that earns you that job. Is my information GDPR compliant and safe? Yes, your information is GDPR/CCPA compliant and safe. We take the privacy of each user seriously, and allow everyone to opt out of some or all of the non-essential cookies we use across the website. If you’d like to request that we remove any of your personal data or check what personal data we’ve collected from you simply click here , or send us an email at privacy@resumegenius.com . We outline the data we collect and why we collect it in our privacy policy . And if you’d like to see a list of cookies our website collects and how to opt in or out of cookies, read our cookie policy . Can you help me build a cover letter? Yes, we can help you build a cover letter. Our cover letter builder helps you fill out each line of your cover letter quickly — without the need to actually write it yourself. Simply put in your information and our software will provide suggestions for every sentence, helping you make a professional cover letter in just a few minutes. Additionally, we provide more than 200 free cover letter templates that you can use to format and design your cover letter so it looks professional. Do you support languages outside of US English? Yes, we support languages outside of US English. If interested, please check out our UK English content on CVGenius.com , and French content on CVGenius.com/fr . Who writes your resume examples? Our resume samples are written by a mix of in-house experts and guest contributors who have years of experience in their respective industries. All of our samples are reviewed by an in-house Certified Professional Resume Writer (CPRW) . Our CPRWs also write and review all of the guides and resources in our blog. Does Resume Genius also provide CV resources? Yes, Resume Genius also provides CV resources. In addition to our AI-powered CV maker , we also have a variety of CV templates and expert guides available. For example, we have guides on how to write a CV for a job , as well as how to format your CV . Whether you’re applying for an academic job or are applying for corporate work, our resources will help you polish your CV and impress employers. Why is Resume Genius the best website to make my resume with? Here are some reasons why Resume Genius is the best option for making a resume or CV: User-Friendly Interface: Never made a resume before and not sure where to start? Our resume builder clearly guides you through the process of building and polishing your resume, making the whole process simple. Template Variety: Our platform offers a variety of customizable resume templates catering to different industries, roles, and experience levels. AI Content Suggestions: Our software provides generated content suggestions based on your career path that you can use to fill out your resume with ease. Formatting Assistance: We automatically handle formatting, ensuring that your resume and cover letter look professional and well-organized. Keyword Optimization: Worry about ATS software no more. Our builder optimizes your resume for applicant tracking systems (ATS) by suggesting common industry-related keywords and skills. World-class Expertise: Collectively the Resume Genius staff has decades of job searching and resume writing experience. With multiple Certified Professional Resume Writers and Certified Career Coaches on our team, all the advice on our website is approved by experts. More questions? Visit our FAQ library . Build My Resume LinkedIn Instagram Youtube Facebook Twitter Tiktok Pinterest Giphy Resumes Resume Builder Resume Templates Resume Examples How to Make a Resume Resume Format Resume Summary Generator ATS Resume Checker Resume Parser Resume Bullet Point Generator Resume Skills Generator Cover Letters Cover Letter Generator Cover Letter Templates Cover Letter Examples How to Write a Cover Letter Cover Letter Format CVs CV Maker CV Templates How to Write a CV CV Examples CV vs Resume Policies Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy CCPA/GDPR Accessibility Editorial Guidelines Additional Resources About Us Affiliate Opportunities Career Experts Program Join Our Team Press & Media Mentions Pricing Product Reviews The Genius Blog Support Help & Support Contact Us Forgot Password Member of © 2025, Sonaga Tech Limited. All rights reserved ResumeGenius.com is owned and operated by Sonaga Tech Limited, Hamilton, Zweigniederlassung Luzern with offices in Luzern Switzerland.