Smart location decisions. Maximum ROI. | RetailSonar Skip to content English Deutsch Français Nederlands en English Solutions Show submenu for Solutions Retail eMobility Industries Show submenu for Industries Automotive B2B Retail Banking Charging stations Employment sector Fastfood Franchising Fuel Health Service Insurances Retail Retail investors Supermarket Telecom Platform Show submenu for Platform Location planning Location performance Campaign targeting Retail data Resources Show submenu for Resources Blog Case Studies Customers Events Downloads About Us Show submenu for About Us Team Jobs Contact Book a meeting Solutions Show submenu for Solutions Retail eMobility Industries Show submenu for Industries Automotive B2B Retail Banking Charging stations Employment sector Fastfood Franchising Fuel Health Service Insurances Retail Retail investors Supermarket Telecom Platform Show submenu for Platform Location planning Location performance Campaign targeting Retail data Resources Show submenu for Resources Blog Case Studies Customers Events Downloads About Us Show submenu for About Us Team Jobs Contact Book a meeting English Deutsch Français Nederlands en English Smart location decisions. Maximum ROI. Thanks to curated, best-in-class data, a revolutionary AI model and a passionate team, you can use the RetailSonar platform to make the right location decisions with confidence, precision and in just a few clicks. Book a meeting +15% Weekly footfall +40% Revenue +10% Visibility Always make the right location decisions. One platform to facilitate sales, marketing and real estate. Plan your optimal location network Plan openings, closures and relocations with the highest accuracy. Improve your locations’ performance Compare actual with theoretical revenue and see the right actions to take. Optimize your marketing efforts Craft precise activation and retention campaigns to ensure the best ROI. Up to 90% accurate revenue forecasts Our platform predict the behaviour of your customers using smart AI algorithms and best-in-class data. This allows you to optimize your location strategy with maximum certainty. Too good to be true? Not at all! And we would be more than happy to prove it to you. In our first meeting, we’ll show you a demo of how it works for your business. Book a meeting Discover our different platform capabilities for your location strategy Location planning Location performance Marketing efforts High quality data A platform to plan and optimize your network With one click on your platform, analyze the impact of each location decision. Avoid endless discussions and work with all stakeholders on an optimal location strategy. Our platform predicts the behaviour of your customers using smart AI algorithms. This allows you to optimize your location strategy with maximum certainty. Too good to be true? Not at all! And we would be more than happy to prove it to you. Discover our Retail solution How we’ve helped our clients “Thanks to RetailSonar, we avoid internal uncertainties and subjective estimations.” Lindsay Van Geersom Real Estate & Business Developer "RetailSonar shows us exactly how many new shops we could potentially open and where." Emiel Broekhuizen & Jelle ten Have Head of Finance and Control and ICT & Business Controller “We only invest our money in the very best places.” Tom Jochems Director of Facilities & Real Estate “An accurate sales forecast now takes 5 minutes instead of 10 working days.” Alexander Dewulf Ex-CEO "We are optimizing our entire branch network with greater confidence and certainty." Head of Retail Footprint "We wanted unambiguous and accurate revenue forecasts for each new store" Minno Venema Country Acquisition & Construction Manager “This type of investment can run into millions, which is why our franchisees need to be able to rely on accurate information.” Niek Kuiperi Retail Manager “Within 5 minutes I already know whether it is worth analysing a location in more detail. This saves me a lot of time.” Nancy Dierick Channel sales analyst "The predictions of Chargeplanner perfectly align what we see in reality" Tom Depauw Strategic Account Manager Network "We can now substantiate our intuition with facts." Ruben Leijdekker Managing Director “ChargePlanner helps us improve how we think, plan, and grow.” Jael Gieles CPO Performance Specialist Discover our case studies Upcoming events Webinar Performance Academy | Maximize your current location performances (entry level) Take your network performance to the next level with this beginner-friendly session, designed to identify opportunities and catch... Aug 29, 2025 Webinar Performance Academy | Maximize your current location performances (entry level) Take your network performance to the next level with this beginner-friendly session, designed to identify opportunities and catch... Aug 29, 2025 Webinar Performance Academy | Maximize your current location performances (entry level) Take your network performance to the next level with this beginner-friendly session, designed to identify opportunities and catch... Aug 29, 2025 Latest blogs eMobility The optimal network for Electric Charging in Flanders December 18 Retail New talent! Meet our colleagues: Bram, Daan, Nicolas & Jonas November 20 Retail New colleagues! Meet our Marketing Manager Stijn & HR Manager Ine November 20 Book a meeting with our retail expert and maximize your ROI Discover how you can optimize your location strategy by making the smartest location decisions. Book a meeting Stay up-to-date! Receive our monthly newsletter Follow Us Platform Location planning Location performance Campaign targeting Retail data Company Cases Blog Downloads Jobs Contact us Contact page Book a meeting © 2025 RetailSonar. All Rights Reserved. Cookies Privacy Policy