Rethink | Fast, secure, configurable, private DNS + Firewall for Android. DNS Android Firewall Downloads Docs Blog Say hello to a safer Internet. Block malware, spyware, ads, and trackers across all apps with Rethink DNS. Servers in 300+ locations: Experience Blazing fast speeds. Try Rethink DNS for free The Rethink Proxy Network launching soon . Download Get the companion Android app Free & Open Source 15 repositories 4100+ stars 10+ contributors serverless-dns celzero Part of MVP program tap to play Block annoying ads and trackers Every time you visit a website, say example.com , your browser uses a DNS resolver to translate it to an IP address. IP addresses are how computers locate each other on the Internet. Usually, your Internet Service Provider does this translation. With Rethink DNS you are in total control of that translation layer to stave off security threats, block ads and trackers, and other spyware. Rethink DNS supports over 190+ blocklists, some of which power popular adblockers like uBlockOrigin . Configure now → Open and secure Internet Rethink DNS exclusively uses DNS over HTTPS or DNS over TLS to encrypt and secure your DNS queries. When used with the companion Android app, you can bypass internet censorship in most countries. Learn more → Global network ms As Seen On OpenSource.com "It's notoriously tough for Android users to find a firewall, adblocker, and DNS-over-HTTPS client in one product. But if [Rethink DNS] lives up to the hype, this free and open source tool offers all three in one" read article → TechRadar . "avoid being redirected to fake websites, thereby making the internet safer and potentially more open" view source → State of the Onion 2020 "users are really asking for more than just a vpn, they want full control of all traffic on their devices" watch on youtube @8:09 → Not an internet that controls you Apps Researchers claim 75% of the apps they tested collected and shared personal information and 50% shared location data with third parties without consent from their users. [1] [2] [3] Govt Various [4] governments [5] are in on the act too, by requiring ability to intercept and retain all forms of internet traffic [6] , like the secure ones to your banks. This is done with a motive of censoring access to information that is freely available today. Historically, this ability to snoop traffic has been used to oppress dissident political views [7] , to deny basic a right to information, and to consolidate power. [8] ISPs The Internet Service Providers [9] , Carriers [10] , and Phone Manufacturers [11] have been caught time and again collecting usage and location data, injecting ads, and censoring content. GDPR Until this unprecedented surveillance [12] is regulated with stricter laws protecting user's privacy, the only way is to avoid smartphones and use burner phones when the situtation demands as advertisement networks continue to fight against user's ability to block out surveillance. [13] FAQs Who are you? RethinkDNS is developed by engineers who previously worked at AWS, IBM, and Scientific Games, out of distaste for the surveillance economy and frustration with the lack of easy-to-use security apps for the 2 billion unsuspecting Android users. Where are you going with this? RethinkDNS' goal is to turn Android devices into user-agents: Something that users can truly control to match their needs and expectations. How much does it cost? The RethinkDNS app is free and open source and will remain so. RethinkDNS' cloud services as our content-blocking DNS service, however; will have both a free and a paid tier. More questions? See our complete list of FAQs Get notified as we announce more tools Subscribe No spam. Only love. Part of Mozilla Builders MVP program [email protected] PRODUCT DNS Resolver Search inside Blocklists Firewall for Android Downloads Documentation Translations ABOUT FAQs GitHub Roadmap Privacy T&C Sponsor COMMUNITY Blog Reddit Matrix Twitter Telegram Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. WireGuard is a registered trademark of Jason Donenfeld. BraveDNS is now RethinkDNS.