RETN: Leading Data Network Platform Connecting Europe and Asia TALK TO US Customer Portal en de 中文 About RETN Company Careers Solutions Managed Global Private Network BGP Solutions One Port TRANSKZ Cyber Security Products Capacity Internet Ethernet & VPN Remote IX Colocation Cloud Connect DDoS Protection Flex IX Network Network map Points of Presence BGP communities Peering policy Routing Policy RTT Map Looking  glass Support NOC FAQ News & Events Contact London Frankfurt Riga Warsaw Hong Kong Kyiv Amsterdam Almaty Milan Singapore Helsinki Tallinn Stockholm Yerevan Vilnius Sofia Case Studies & Testimonials Trending RETN - The Global Partner for System Integrators Opanowanie ataków DDoS dzięki Flowspec Building the networks of tomorrow Flex IX TALK TO US Customer Portal How can we help you? What are you looking for? Speed up your search on our website. Frequently searched topics DDoS Protection Internet Access Points of Presence 24/7 Support RETN Offices Search results 0 Show more Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site Welcome to retn.net. Cookies are essential for the proper functioning of this site. To enhance your experience, we use cookies to collect statistics and optimise site functionality. Click "Agree” to accept cookies and continue directly to the site, or click "Learn More" to read our detailed Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy. AGREE AND PROCEED DECLINE Learn more about our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy Your Eurasian Network of Choice The leading independent Network Service Provider for IP Transit and high-bandwidth services - uniquely connecting East and West on a single network Scroll to see more TALK TO US A leading international  data network platform with a unique capability to connect Europe and Asia on one network w h o More about RETN Explore our solutions portfolio Solutions Gallery Managed Global Private Network RETN Managed Global Private Network is a comprehensive solution to offer secure, private and reliable connectivity between all your offices, manufacturing, distribution and retail locations wherever they are. Read more to $ Managed Global Private Network BGP Solutions A wide selection of wholesale services and tools for global IP routing Read more to $ BGP Solutions One Port A full suite of connectivity products to empower your daily digital operations available on a single physical port. Read more to $ One Port TRANSKZ TRANSKZ is an innovative express gateway linking Europe to Asia on a single, homogenous, terrestrial, DWDM system from a single network provider Read more to $ TRANSKZ Cyber Security An essential consideration in your digital transformation strategy Read more to $ Cyber Security 01 / 05 TALK TO US New York London Amsterdam Frankfurt Warsaw Stockholm Helsinki Riga sofia seattle Moscow Kyiv tokyo Almaty Hong Kong Taipei Singapore Budapest Milan paris madrid berlin istanbul yerevan Dubai RETN Network Map Discover our Eurasian Network Network Coverage West East Unique network coverage Technical excellence Agile service delivery Individual approach Competitive prices Reliability International multilingual team Use cases Our customer stories Case Studies & Testimonials Silpo Food Transforms its Retail Connectivity with RETN Find out more RETN Helps Leaseweb Expand and Optimise Connectivity Find out more Kolibric Optimises Low-Latency Networks with RETN Find out more RETN Enhances Global Gaming Experiences for i3D.net Find out more News&Events All News&Events News&Events Dec 10, 2025 Network Company news RETN's View on the Digital Age Bandwidth demand has seen substantial growth, with 2024 witnessing a 29% increase driven by AI, IoT, and content companies. In the EU, daily internet usage among 16-29-year-olds rose to 97% by 2024. Read more Dec 04, 2025 Network Company news Partnerships RETN and BBIX Expand Partnership to Enhance Connectivity Offering in Japan, Hong Kong, and Singapore Building on RETN and BBIX's successful collaboration in Japan, where RETN has been an official reseller of BBIX services, the partnership now extends to include key markets in Hong Kong and Singapore, further enhancing RETN's interconnection across Asia and delivering improved connectivity for its customers. Read more Let's synchronise the time London Milan Frankfurt Kyiv Riga Moscow Yerevan Almaty Hong Kong Footer menu Contact us Customer Portal Do you want to socialise with us? Email By subscribing to our news and events you accept our privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. © 2003- 2025 RETN GROUP OF COMPANIES. RETN NETWORKS LTD Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Legal Policy