Sustainable Returns & Exchanges Management - ReturnGO Product Returns Warranty Exchanges Return Guard Tracking Shipping Integrations Pricing Customers Sign In Book a Demo Book a Demo Product Returns Exchanges Tracking Warranty Return Guard Shipping Integrations Pricing Customers Post-Purchase , Customized to Fit Your Brand ReturnGO is the world’s leading returns management platform, helping companies turn a profit while tackling waste. Trusted by 2700+ brands Schedule a Demo Free Trial on Proudly Enabling Future-Looking eCommerce The First Open Post-Purchase Platform for Sustainable eCommerce Once a purchase is made, ReturnGO’s end-to-end platform provides everything you need to maximize your revenue and profit while minimizing waste. Return Coverage Offer return coverage to shift the cost of returns to shoppers and generate new revenue streams for your business. Shipping Ship with the best prices on both forward and return shipping labels from all the top carriers, including multi-carrier options. Tracking & Notifications Send branded order tracking notifications for any shipment to reduce customer support costs and engage customers. Returns Delight customers with a seamless experience that offers socially and environmentally good alternatives to “just refunds”. Exchanges Exchange products directly in store, offering Shop Now incentives and boosting upsells with an experience that’s just like shopping. Edge: Redefining the Self-Service Portal Experience Delight your customers with an intuitive return and exchange experience, featuring an upgraded UX/UI design that seamlessly handles complex scenarios as part of the new ReturnGO 2.0. Watch Your Numbers GO Improve the financial and environmental impact returns have on your business. 39% Retained Revenue $1.95 Increase In Revenue Per Return $3.40 Logistics Costs Saved Per Return 15% Reduced Carbon Footprint Earn Life-Long Shoppers While Supporting Sustainable Shopping Post-purchase can be a win-win-win for consumers, merchants, and the environment. Our job is making that a reality. Learn More Leading the Returns Management Category Worldwide Backed by countless 5-star reviews from satisfied customers, see why businesses choose us for returns management. What Brands Are Saying About Us We saw an increase of 30% in exchanges when we switched to ReturnGO from a previous solution. It's a win-win situation both for our customers and for us. Ron Bar Co-Founder, Orthofeet ReturnGO is more than just a tool for managing returns; it’s become a real strategic advantage for us. Jadwiga Imiela Returns Manager, CurrentBody ReturnGO is an innovative startup offering unique capabilities not available in other solutions on the market. It’s not a question of price – ReturnGO is simply better, more robust, and gives more value. Felix Leshno Co-founder and CXO, Underoutfit What Brands Are Saying About Us ReturnGO is a self-service platform built for the modern era of shopping, and it’s one of the best out there. It saves us so much time and helps push money back into the business. Jack Garrick Customer Experience Manager, Pink Boutique ReturnGO is a valuable solution that greatly enhances the customer experience from the moment they engage with it. Mark Costigliola Director of eCommerce Operations, Travelpro Implementing ReturnGO has been a game-changer for us. By automating the returns process, we’ve been able to save a lot of time and money. Omer Kamhi Data Analyst, PandaZzz Make Informed Decisions Returns Management That Fits Our platform integrates with any eCommerce stack, including 3PL, ERP, helpdesks, loyalty programs and more. Schedule a Demo Any carrier Connect to your existing shipping carriers or aggregators. Any platform Connect to innovative platforms, apps, and services with our API or prebuilt integrations. Any country Take advantage of our growing network of warehouses and drop-off points. Powered by the World’s Fastest-Growing Third-Party Ecosystem Enjoy unlimited post-purchase possibilities with access to an evergrowing network of innovators, plus seamless data flow and visibility. Enterprises Empower global enterprises to manage returns at scale. Innovators Deliver novel post-purchase solutions to merchants worldwide. Logistics Partners Connect carriers, logistics and warehouse services via our API. Partners & Integrations Your Brand. Your Workflow. Your Rules. Effortlessly handle any scenario at scale – automate post-purchase workflows and tailor your return policy to your needs, no matter how complex. Experience a new kind of open-minded post-purchase management. Contact us Spoiler Alert: There’s a Better Way to Return SOC 2 Enterprise-Grade Security Don’t skimp on post-purchase security. With ReturnGO’s secure SOC 2 certified platform, you can streamline returns while protecting customer data. Product Returns Exchanges Tracking Shipping Insights Automation API Resources How It Works Blog Release Notes Newsletter Knowledge Base Podcast ReturnGO 2.0 Company About Us Integrations Customers Partners Become a Partner Press Sustainability OEM Solution Contact Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sustainability Policy Cookie Policy Status Copyright © 2026 ReturnGO. All Rights Reserved