URL Shortener - reurl Home SignIn Language 繁中 简中 English a7543a1a-e63b-401a-8ffb-9927ad70805b:1767189270:UmP98U/RlSd/PeR7VKS2z5vEQc2kr2AJqI+4NExxsY0= Shorten succeeded! Copy succeeded! Page time out, please reload the page Too long url (over 768 character) Connect failed, please confirm if it is a valid URL or retry later loading... Input your url here send message success Welcome to reurl.cc ShortenURL Imgus Download youtube shorten options what is utm? preview Your short URL is copy download more QRCode Developer API Reurl provides an API service that allows developers to automatically generate short URLs through programmatic integration. It can be easily incorporated into your systems, applications, or automation workflows, enabling quick adoption and making your product more convenient to use. View API Documentation Browser Extension Install the Reurl Chrome extension to quickly shorten the URL of your current page. No need to switch tabs—shorten links with a single click, boost your productivity, and make sharing faster and easier. Install Chrome Extension LINE Bot Simply send a long URL to Reurl's LINE Bot, and the system will automatically generate a dedicated short URL and send it back to you. No need to open a webpage or install extra apps - just quickly shorten links to make sharing more convenient and messages more concise. Add LINE Bot FAQ What is a short URL? A short URL is a service that converts long URLs into short ones, making it easier for you to share links. What are the benefits of using short URLs? Short URLs save character limits, improve appearance, track click data, and are easier to remember and share. How long is a short URL valid? When a short URL has not been clicked for more than five months, reurl will classify it as an inactive link. We will periodically review inactive links and may remove them. How can I check the click count of a short URL? Users can only check their own short URLs. After logging in, you can view click statistics on the [Analysis] page. How can I get short URL information without clicking the link? Add a plus sign (+) after the short URL to query basic information about it. Why are the preview image and description not showing after using Cloudflare on my website? When a website uses Cloudflare, reurl cannot fetch the thumbnail and description. The solution is to whitelist reurl in Cloudflare to allow reurl to access the website. Here What are the usage limits of the Web API? The Web API is a free service, and each user can use it up to 100 times per day. Contact us Your name Your Email Content Submit You can leave a message here: FB page Or send email to : admin@reurl.cc Language: English English , 繁體中文 , 簡體中文 ©2020 reurl.cc v3.1.0 Term of use Privacy Other free online tools Emoji Geo IP Big5/GB Converter QR Code Length Converter Taiwan Company Taiwan Stock Word Counter Date Calculator Lunar Calendar Introduce Geo IP - Find my IP or enter IP to get a Geolocation. Big5/GB Converter : Simplified Chinese / Traditional Chinese Converter. QR Code - Enter URL or any string to generate a QR Code and download. UTM tool - Enter UTM parameter to generate a UTM URL.