Welcome to revenue.ie It looks like you have JavaScript disabled. Certain parts of this website may not work without it. Please enable JavaScript for the best experience. Your choices on cookies This website uses cookies in order for our feedback functionality to work. You can choose to set these optional survey cookies that are described below. You can find more information on how we use our cookies in our Cookie Statement . You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking the Cookie preferences link in the footer of every page on this website. Survey cookies Survey cookies are set by a third-party service provided by Qualtrics. These cookies are required in order for our feedback functionality to work. The survey cookies collect information about the page you are providing feedback from. When you save your survey cookies choice below, a cookie will be saved on your device to remember your choice. These cookies are set as session cookies and will be deleted once you close this browsing session. We welcome your feedback and you can help us to continue to improve our website by turning survey cookies on. Save and close Your choices on cookies This website uses cookies in order for our video functionality to work. You can choose to set these optional video cookies that are described below. You can find more information on how we use our cookies in our Cookie Statement . You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking the Cookie preferences link in the footer of every page on this website. YouTube cookies YouTube cookies are set by a third-party service provided by YouTube, a company owned by Google. These cookies are required in order for our video functionality to work. When you save your YouTube cookies choice below, Revenue will save a cookie on your device to remember your choice. This Revenue cookie is set as a session cookie and will be deleted once you close this browsing session. YouTube may set cookies directly according to YouTube's own cookies policy . Save and close It looks like the internet browser you are using is out of date. Please update your browser for the best experience. Close Tá an chuid seo den suíomh idirlín ar fáil i mBéarla amháin i láthair na huaire. This section of the site is currently only available in English Gaeilge Sign in to myAccount | ROS | LPT online Sign in to myAccount or ROS or LPT online | Gaeilge Search Popular topics How to submit a PAYE Income Tax Return Service delivery reports Help to Buy (HTB) Scheme Health expenses Bringing tobacco products to Ireland from another EU Member State? If you bring back more than the permitted amount, all of your tobacco products will be seized. Read more... Revenue Commissioners Jobs and pensions Starting work, Emergency Tax, claiming a refund, calculating your tax, understanding entitlements, pensions, being tax compliant. Personal tax credits, reliefs and exemptions Understand your tax entitlements and ensure you get what you are due. Life events and personal circumstances Marriage, separation, having children, illness, bereavement, disability, unemployment, retirement. Self-assessment and self-employment Pay and file, Relevant Contracts Tax, Professional Services Withholding Tax, share options, disclosure, audit. Gains, gifts and inheritances Selling assets, paying tax on gifts and inheritances, filing returns, Probate Tax, reliefs and exemptions. Employing people Hiring and paying employees, returns, paying tax, benefit in kind, social welfare payments, employee expenses, PAYE modernisation. Property Buying and selling, Local Property Tax, Stamp Duty, Home Renovation Incentive, Help to Buy, rental income. Starting and running a business Registering for tax, tax clearance, paying tax, initiatives for start-ups, licences, authorisations, importing and exporting goods. Companies and charities Corporation tax, international tax, charities and sports bodies, excise and licences, compliance, audit, disclosures. Additional incomes Benefits from employers, social welfare payments, second jobs, employment related shares, overtime. Vehicle Registration Tax (VRT) Importing a vehicle, calculating and paying VRT, reliefs, exemptions, appeals and vehicle conversions. Value-Added Tax (VAT) Rates, registration, paying and reclaiming VAT, property and construction. Online services Tax and duty professionals Customs News 15 December 2025 Holiday opening arrangements Apart from public holidays (25 and 26 December 2025, and 1 January 2026) Revenue will generally provide normal services over the Christmas and New Year holiday period. 15 December 2025 Career opportunities 30 December 2025 Revenue seize contraband worth over €724,200 in various operations 23 December 2025 Revenue seize cocaine worth over €3.7 million in Rosslare Europort 23 December 2025 Revenue seize herbal cannabis worth over €760,000 at Shannon Airport View all news News 15 December 2025 Holiday opening arrangements Apart from public holidays (25 and 26 December 2025, and 1 January 2026) Revenue will generally provide normal services over the Christmas and New Year holiday period. 15 December 2025 Career opportunities 30 December 2025 Revenue seize contraband worth over €724,200 in various operations 23 December 2025 Revenue seize cocaine worth over €3.7 million in Rosslare Europort 23 December 2025 Revenue seize herbal cannabis worth over €760,000 at Shannon Airport View all news Back to homepage Back to top Careers Customer service Press office Information about Revenue Revenue museum Assist us Consultations and submissions Contact us Statistics and research Tax education Using revenue.ie Communications Central Register of Beneficial Ownership of Trusts (CRBOT) Accessibility Statutory obligations Privacy Website feedback WhoDoesWhat (English) WhoDoesWhat (Irish) gov.ie (English) gov.ie (Irish)