REVIEWS.io - Company & Product Review Collection 🍪 Cookie Preferences Please allow cookies to start chat. Platform Products Reviews Collect, manage, and showcase feedback in one place. UGC Convert more visitors into buyers with impactful UGC. Surveys Enrich your customer profiles and gain actionable insights. Platform overview Features Product Reviews Attributes Company Reviews AI Assistant Reputation Manager Review Invite Flows Google Ratings Effortless Integrations REVIEWS.io provides seamless integration with your ecommerce, marketing and loyalty platforms, driving better results. View all integrations Resources Learn Success Stories Discover how brands grow with reviews. Blog Read expert insights on reviews and trends. Product updates Check the latest features & product announcements. Support Support Center Read step-by-step guides and resources. Video Guides Watch video tutorials and master the system fast. Developer API Access detailed documentation for developers. Partner Directory Explore our official partners. Build shopper confidence by leveraging Boost x REVIEWS.io Turn your review data into smarter search, filters, and merchandising with Boost Commerce. Learn more Pricing One-star reviews? Login Book demo Get closer to your customers Turn customer reviews into revenue streams. Strengthen trust and drive higher conversions using data-driven insights. Book demo Get started Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Elevated sales Empowering you to drive growth We provide actionable insights into how your customers perceive your brand and products, empowering you to make informed decisions and drive growth. Collect reviews Make the most of every review invitation with advanced targeting & multi-channel campaigns. Elevate conversions Publish feedback across your website, social media & email campaigns for faster checkouts. Optimize experience Gain insights, understand your customers better and enhance their shopping experience. Custom flows Set up custom review invitation flows. Segment your audience by location or purchase history with ease, and send targeted messages at the optimal time. Learn more Your browser does not support the video tag. Video first Encourage and inspire customers to leave video reviews, as publishing them on your website and social media is an effective way to increase engagement and drive conversions. Reputation manager Monitor and manage feedback across various review platforms to maintain consistent ratings and strengthen your reputation. Learn more Product reviews Enhance product pages with relatable reviews to increase visibility in Google Shopping and help customers make informed purchasing decisions. Learn more Review invitations Create review invitation emails and a collection page that seamlessly align with your brand's unique look and feel. AI review replies Effortlessly respond to customer reviews in your tone and language with AI-powered replies, all in just one click. Attributes Deepen your understanding of products, business, and customers with actionable data enriched by  attributes. Learn more Social proof banners Effortlessly create compelling social proof banners featuring reviews, perfect for showcasing on your website or social media. Learn more Company review widgets Showcase company reviews in a variety of highly customizable widgets that seamlessly blend with your website's look and feel. Review photos & videos Publish impactful content, such as review videos and photos on your website to effectively drive sales. Product review widgets Explore customizable widgets designed to seamlessly showcase your product reviews on your website, enhancing conversion rates. Review nuggets Highlight and feature standout phrases from customer reviews next to "Buy Now" buttons to encourage purchases. Learn more Shoppable UGC widgets Supercharge product discovery by showcasing shoppable UGC galleries that inspire customers and encourage them to explore new products. Learn more Google seller ratings Boost your click-through rate and reduce cost-per-click in Google Ads campaigns by earning Google Seller Rating stars. Learn more AI assistant Turn customer feedback into actionable insights in seconds - discover brand strengths, improvement opportunities, and strategies to outpace your competitors. Learn more Customer surveys Conduct targeted surveys at various touchpoints in the customer journey, including pre-purchase, post-purchase, and post-review stages, to collect actionable data. Learn more Customer profiles Conduct surveys to enrich customer profiles and uncover key insights about purchasing decisions, attribution, and the most effective conversion channels. Customer survey reports Leverage surveys to gain insights into your audience. Identify what initially attracted customers to your store and what drove them to complete their purchases. Net promoter score Measure customer loyalty, spot advocates and detractors, gather valuable feedback, and foresee business growth through customer satisfaction analysis. Merchant metrics Understand how customers perceive the key aspects of your operations, including delivery, support, and returns processes. Proven success Authentic reviews. Real results. Thousands of merchants have grown faster by leveraging customer feedback, UGC and AI insights, enabling them to take data-driven actions. 30% of Denman's revenue affected by reviews In just a year, Denman has collected over 7,000 reviews and noted that authentic feedback is directly contributing to conversions and sales. Boxraw achieved 98% positive reviews BOXRAW got 350 reviews in the first 30 days, 98% of them positive. Results revealed that displaying UGC increased trust and conversions. Hunter & Gather collected 8,000+ product reviews By combining the power of REVIEWS.io and Klaviyo, Hunter & Gather collected over 8,000 reviews and earned a 4.9-star rating. Effortless integrations REVIEWS.io connects seamlessly with numerous platforms and tools, empowering you to get the most out of customer feedback. Playbook Turn trust into traffic with REVIEWS.io + Google Download the ultimate Playbook to boost visibility, earn stars faster, and drive more conversions. Download Playbook Brands love what we do Leverage authentic feedback and build trust with reviews that matter. Join thousands of businesses that are enhancing their reputation with genuine customer insights. Book demo Get started “We are very happy with REVIEWS.io and the online assistance they provide. Very speedy and easy communication.” Greyston Bakery "We wanted a platform that gave us the features we needed at a fair price." Daniel Singh Concrete Jungle “We use almost all of the widgets from REVIEWS.io. They're great at showcasing our products. ” Zipster "Our customers feel more appreciated when given options to share their thoughts." Wolfgang Fuchs Lotuscrafts "The team from REVIEWS.io is amazing. You can get in touch very easily and they help you super quick with your problem!" KRIOR "We were using Yotpo but found REVIEWS.io better suited to our business needs." Tony Caruso Caruso's Natural Health “Easy to use and helpful team when things get a bit too techy for me to understand!” Made By Coopers "Our experience with REVIEWS.io has been incredible! We only wish we had switched to REVIEWS.io earlier!" Otto Mouton Jimmy Joy “A complete platform to handle everything review related. Everything is documented on how to implement.” Ivanhoe Cycles "Have had a great experience with REVIEWS.io, the support are terrific, have never let us down." Lovisa Degreef Back on Track “We are very happy with REVIEWS.io and the online assistance they provide. Very speedy and easy communication.” Greyston Bakery “We use almost all of the widgets from REVIEWS.io. They're great at showcasing our products. ” Zipster "The team from REVIEWS.io is amazing. You can get in touch very easily and they help you super quick with your problem!" KRIOR “Easy to use and helpful team when things get a bit too techy for me to understand!” Made By Coopers “A complete platform to handle everything review related. Everything is documented on how to implement.” Ivanhoe Cycles platform Overview Reviews UGC Surveys Pricing Integrations Features Product Reviews Company Reviews Reputation Manager Google Seller Ratings Attributes AI Assistant Review Invite Flows Trust-based discovery Product Updates compare Trustpilot Yotpo Okendo Stamped.io Trusted Shops Feefo Bazaarvoice Switch to REVIEWS.io resources Blog Success Stories Video Guides Support Center Partner Directory company About Us Contact Us Careers Become a partner legal Impressum Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Business Privacy Policy Fake Review Policy Data Protection Data Request © REVIEWS.io. All rights reserved. Earn verified Google Seller Ratings with REVIEWS.io Get the Playbook to boost visibility, build buyer trust, and improve ad performance. Enter your email address Thank you! Your submission has been received! 3 We are loading the playbook for you... Our team will reach out to you shortly and email the Playbook directly.