Platform
Resources
Pricing
One-star reviews?
Login
Book demo
Get closer to your
customers
Turn customer reviews into revenue streams. Strengthen trust and drive higher conversions using data-driven insights.
Book demo
Get started
Elevated sales
Empowering you to drive growth
We provide actionable insights into how your customers perceive your brand and products, empowering you to make informed decisions and drive growth.
Collect reviews
Make the most of every review invitation with advanced targeting & multi-channel campaigns.
Elevate conversions
Publish feedback across your website, social media & email campaigns for faster checkouts.
Optimize experience
Gain insights, understand your customers better and enhance their shopping experience.
Custom flows
Set up custom review invitation flows. Segment your audience by location or purchase history with ease, and send targeted messages at the optimal time.
Learn more
Video first
Encourage and inspire customers to leave video reviews, as publishing them on your website and social media is an effective way to increase engagement and drive conversions.
Reputation manager
Monitor and manage feedback across various review platforms to maintain consistent ratings and strengthen your reputation.
Learn more
Product reviews
Enhance product pages with relatable reviews to increase visibility in Google Shopping and help customers make informed purchasing decisions.
Learn more
Review invitations
Create review invitation emails and a collection page that seamlessly align with your brand's unique look and feel.
AI review replies
Effortlessly respond to customer reviews in your tone and language with AI-powered replies, all in just one click.
Attributes
Deepen your understanding of products, business, and customers with actionable data enriched by  attributes.
Learn more
Proven success
Authentic reviews. Real results.
Thousands of merchants have grown faster by leveraging customer feedback, UGC and AI insights, enabling them to take data-driven actions.
30% of Denman's revenue affected by reviews
In just a year, Denman has collected over 7,000 reviews and noted that authentic feedback is directly contributing to conversions and sales.
Boxraw achieved 98% positive reviews
BOXRAW got 350 reviews in the first 30 days, 98% of them positive. Results revealed that displaying UGC increased trust and conversions.
Hunter & Gather collected 8,000+ product reviews
By combining the power of REVIEWS.io and Klaviyo, Hunter & Gather collected over 8,000 reviews and earned a 4.9-star rating.
Effortless integrations
REVIEWS.io connects seamlessly with numerous platforms and tools, empowering you to get the most out of customer feedback.
Playbook
Turn trust into traffic with REVIEWS.io + Google
Download the ultimate Playbook to boost visibility, earn stars faster, and drive more conversions.
Download Playbook
Brands love what we do
Leverage authentic feedback and build trust with reviews that matter. Join thousands of businesses that are enhancing their reputation with genuine customer insights.
Book demo
Get started
“We are very happy with REVIEWS.io and the online assistance they provide. Very speedy and easy communication.”
Greyston Bakery
"We wanted a platform that gave us the features we needed at a fair price."
Daniel Singh
Concrete Jungle
“We use almost all of the widgets from REVIEWS.io. They're great at showcasing our products. ”
Zipster
"Our customers feel more appreciated when given options to share their thoughts."
Wolfgang Fuchs
Lotuscrafts
"The team from REVIEWS.io is amazing. You can get in touch very easily and they help you super quick with your problem!"
KRIOR
"We were using Yotpo but found REVIEWS.io better suited to our business needs."
Tony Caruso
Caruso's Natural Health
“Easy to use and helpful team when things get a bit too techy for me to understand!”
Made By Coopers
"Our experience with REVIEWS.io has been incredible! We only wish we had switched to REVIEWS.io earlier!"
Otto Mouton
Jimmy Joy
“A complete platform to handle everything review related. Everything is documented on how to implement.”
Ivanhoe Cycles
"Have had a great experience with REVIEWS.io, the support are terrific, have never let us down."
Lovisa Degreef
Back on Track
PLATFORM
Overview
Reviews
UGC
Surveys
Pricing
Integrations
FEATURES
Product Reviews
Company Reviews
Reputation Manager
Google Seller Ratings
Attributes
AI Assistant
Review Invite Flows
Trust-based discovery
Product Updates
COMPARE
Trustpilot
Yotpo
Okendo
Stamped.io
Trusted Shops
Feefo
Bazaarvoice
Switch to REVIEWS.io
RESOURCES
Blog
Success Stories
Video Guides
Support Center
Partner Directory
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Become a partner
LEGAL
Impressum
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Business Privacy Policy
Fake Review Policy
Data Protection
Data Request
© REVIEWS.io. All rights reserved.