2D & 3D BIM collaboration platform. BIM collaboration software from Revizto Solutions Architects Engineers Contractors Owners Infrastructure Workflows Design Construction MEP Facility Management Reality Capture Open Formats Clash Automation Integrations Request a Demo Events Field Days Webinars Made Right Conference Industry Events Resources 2025 Report Blog Case Studies White Papers Help Center Academy Product Updates ROI Calculator Company About Careers Newsroom Contact us en English en Español es Deutsch de Français fr 日本語 ja Sign In Request a Demo Unifying BIM Intelligence across 2D and 3D Integrated Collaboration Platform From real-time coordination to automated clash detection and issue tracking, Revizto keeps all stakeholders aligned throughout the entire project lifecycle. Request a Demo New: Revizto for Infrastructure The ultimate collaborative solution for designing, delivering and maintaining complex linear infrastructure projects. Learn More It Feels Good To Do It Right Join us at the Made Right Conference, the premier event for AECO professionals. Tickets are on sale now — get 30% off until October 31. Buy Tickets 2025 Collaborators of the Year Awards Each year, we are honored to recognize the best in the industry, highlighting those who have pushed the boundaries of innovation and excellence globally. Nominate Now What We Do Connecting all project members on one platform Revizto unifies BIM intelligence and makes it immediately accessible and actionable for the entire project team. With Revizto’s advanced Issue Tracker project team members can identify and manage model-based issues in the 3D space and 2D sheets, including addressing clash groups. Revizto provides unified access to a project’s data both for 2D and 3D workflows, so anyone can use it depending on project requirements. Who We Are Single Source of Truth for Any Project Central Hub for All Models View the entire project by federating all intelligent BIM data including reality capture into a centralized user-friendly location and get all teams in-sync. Real-time Issue Tracker Easily standardize the way data moves through the project and effectively communicate model-based tasks with the team. 2D/3D Model Synergy Leverage a unique 2D/3D combined view, easily compare 2D sheets and work with live CDE documentation seamlessly from inside Revizto. Revizto Total Solution VR Immersive Experience Explore real-model data and coordination issues by leveraging Revizto’s immersive, true-to-scale VR experience within seconds! Clash free projects Use an integrated solution that combines clash detection, grouping, workflow builder and issue tracking into a single environment. Collaboration from Anywhere Contribute from the office or on-site. Keep all trades on task and monitor their progress in the field and access all the project data on a mobile device. Our Compatibilities Plugins Advance Steel ArchiCAD AutoCAD CADmep Civil 3D Inventor MicroStation Navisworks OpenBuildings OpenRoads Plant 3D Revit Rhino SketchUp Tekla Vectorworks Supported Formats 12d Aveva E3D BCF DWF FARO FBX glTF IFC LAS OBJ PDF ReCap Pro CDE Integrations Asite Autodesk Construction Cloud Box Procore SharePoint Industry Partners Buildots Cupix GAMMA AR Morta OpenSpace Resolve Testimonials Hear from Our Champions Stewart Caldwell Director It drives real conversations across teams and forces the resolution of issues. The real-time model and project information wherever I go, and rapid update, means better access to information for all. Anthony Habashy Digital Engineering Manager Revizto adds value to the design coordination process by reducing the time to resolve issues. It has added accountability and transparency, enhanced coordination with teams, and created a much more collaborative design process with an uptick in remote access working via the cloud. Kirsten Crock Design Technology Coordinator We have more rapid and thorough communication across our teams. The efficiency of categorizing/filtering and assigning issues to members is an extreme time-saver for us. Revizto gave us more accountability with records of responses and decisions, and accessible history of clash resolution and design issue decisions. Mujtaba Hedayat Lead Digital Engineer It has helped reduced man-hours by 20-25%, made our mark-ups more presentable and trackable, enabled workflows to be more efficient and easy to follow, reduced the reams of paper and facilitated real-time virtual collaboration without the need to be physically present. Federico Pensa BIM-VDC Director The ROI from using 3D collaboration instead of PDFs and emails is uncomparable. The closest example to this when we shifted from paper to digital. It's just so much better for collaboration, communication, coordination and comprehension! Jack Moran Director of VDC and Integrated Services With Revizto, issues identified in pre-con are not lost in construction, and decisions are recorded in context with associated dialogue. It gives us better visualization, leveraging both 2D and 3D data and meaningful collaboration between all stakeholders. There are significant cost benefits. Paulina Acosta VDC Manager We have reduced man-hours of VDC personnel from training on the platform, maintaining viewpoints, updating drawings, and not having to be present in every coordination meeting. The content is available for project teams to consume and do their issue tracking without much help from VDC. Mike Ford Digital / BIM Manager It's a single federated space for 2D, 3D and data, moving BIM into one portal. It allows for the model to be validated at handover by physical site checking. As a feedback loop, we can capture building changes on very small projects, and changes can be marked up in the field. Christopher Brown Lecturer / Construction Project Management / PhD Candidate Revizto is one of the most streamlined and effective BIM tools that I have ever taught. Whether coordination workflows, clash detection, issue tracking, or model interrogation, the software has low technical barriers to entry without compromising functionality. Student feedback has been exceptional, and in terms of implementation, I have been supported every step of the way. Ben May Digital Director Revizto+ brings more functionality into an already powerful platform. The inclusion of clash automation brings efficiency to this process and enables clash resolution to be integrated into a single coordination workflow. Most impressive is the forward-thinking approach to bring a data-driven process, enabling true automation of the process all within a single platform. Kyle Forlong Digital Engineering Manager There is a direct reduction in cost by elimination of software and time savings through consistency of information flow and data integrity. Transparency in clash identification, management of supply chain process to ensure their coordination is targeted and effective. John Simpson Head of Digital Construction Revizto+ is single place to run clash detection and create issues while reducing syncing time and minimizing the multiple handling of information. Belal Faquiri VDC Coordinator Revizto+ has drastically saved me a ton of time on clash detection. Using its fluid tools, it has helped find clashes I couldn't locate through a manual review. Revizto+ interface and tagging has made it easier to create presets to present during my meeting. Alex Swapp VDC Engineer Our ROI is in the few man-hours, prevented reworks, clashes identified, quicker coordination meetings, and dollars in any regards to the previous or elimination of other software. Guy Vigneau VDC Engineer The time allotted for running clash tests and producing reports can be completed in half the time it normally takes using previous outdated software. Creating group sets, grouping clashes, and condensing clash reports into a precise issue tracking format helps that. Patrick Fingleton Digital Design Coordinator With Revizto+, I think 20-30% in time savings would be a conservative estimate, especially when compared to our current clash detection processes. Michal Wojtak Director of Integrated Construction Clash Automation helps to minimize amount of time spent flying through the model trying to identify Issues. Trusted by Users Around the Globe Among Our Customers Industries We Serve Air Transportation Effortless communication for complex airport builds and reconstruction projects. Learn More Infrastructure A better way to collaborate on large infrastructure projects, from day one through the project lifecycle. Learn More Commercial Buildings Offer a new way for your teams to execute large commercial projects around the world. Learn More Data Centers Streamlined collaboration for building secure, scalable, and efficient data centers to power the digital world. Learn More Healthcare Project coordination that allows teams to build better environments for medical professionals. Learn More Cultural Centers Coordinate seamlessly across teams in 2D and 3D when designing, building and managing large projects. Learn More Education Enhanced coordination for constructing innovative learning environments that inspire students and educators. Learn More News and Media Previous Next December 9, 2025 Revizto Unplugged London: Connecting, Collaborating, and Innovating at The Gherkin, London The Gherkin, London played host to an exciting gathering of AEC professionals at the latest Revizto Unplugged event. The atmosphere was buzzing as industry leaders, innovators, and users came together to explore the future of collaboration and discuss how Revizto is continuing to streamline workflows and improve their project outcomes. READ MORE December 8, 2025 The gift of 2025. Made Right. Celebrated Right. What a year it’s been. From launching two major software versions—5.16 and 5.17—to releasing industry-shaping features like Clash Charts and Linear Navigation, Revizto has been busy delivering the gift of better, smarter collaboration throughout 2025. READ MORE December 1, 2025 Pinpoint Coordination at Scale: Introducing Revizto for Infrastructure We’re excited to announce Revizto for Infrastructure, a purpose-built solution for the teams designing, delivering, and maintaining the critical infrastructure projects our world relies on. From high-speed rail to power lines, roadways to tunnels, Revizto for Infrastructure brings the clarity, precision, and control that complex linear projects demand—at every stage of their lifecycle. READ MORE December 1, 2025 As Governments Worldwide Commit Trillions to Infrastructure, Revizto’s New Solution Ensures It’s Spent Wisely Lausanne, Switzerland – December 1, 2025 – Revizto, the leading Collaboration Platform for the Architecture, Engineering, Construction, and Operations (AECO) industry, today announced Revizto for Infrastructure, a purpose-built solution that gives project teams the clarity, precision, and control needed to deliver complex linear works efficiently and transparently. READ MORE November 27, 2025 VDC Done Right: Streamlining Prefab and Coordination on the Barnes-Jewish Hospital Renewal Project Founded in 1864, McCarthy Building Companies, Inc. is one of the oldest and most respected national construction firms in the United States. As a leading builder, McCarthy delivers high-quality projects across sectors including healthcare, education, infrastructure, and renewable energy. READ MORE November 27, 2025 Revizto reports record growth, driven by Middle East and North America expansion Lausanne, Switzerland, 27 November 2025 - Revizto, the leading collaboration platform for architects, engineers, contractors and owners, today announced 824% growth over the past five years – an average of 56% year-on-year – while becoming profitable and remaining fully independent since its founding in 2008. READ MORE November 27, 2025 The $22 trillion challenge: Building smarter in the age of global infrastructure investment Global construction is at a turning point. Trillions are being invested to renew aging infrastructure and deliver the next generation of digital and physical assets – data centers powering the digital economy, transport networks connecting cities, hospitals caring for growing populations, and homes for a changing world. Yet despite this unprecedented wave of investment, the industry remains constrained by fragmented communication and legacy practices that can no longer support its scale or ambition. READ MORE November 27, 2025 Precision. Clarity. Control. For every mile. Revizto makes it easy to quickly locate and resolve issues in vast models while collaborating with unmatched speed and precision. READ MORE November 25, 2025 Building healthcare from the ground up—and the shop floor out Pitt Meadows Plumbing is a leading mechanical contractor specializing in plumbing, HVAC, and industrialized construction. The Canadian company pioneers offsite fabrication techniques using advanced BIM/VDC technology and state-of-the-art fabrication facilities. READ MORE November 18, 2025 Creating a digital hub: how Revizto supported Arcadis on the Warringah Freeway Upgrade Discover how Arcadis uses Revizto to streamline collaboration on one of NSW’s most congested road corridors, creating a unified digital hub for the Warringah Freeway. READ MORE November 12, 2025 Rosendin’s Digital Edge: An Electrical Contractor’s Journey to Internal Success As the nation’s largest employee-owned electrical contractor, Rosendin Electric specializes in delivering innovative, high-quality electrical and communications solutions for complex construction projects while fostering a culture of safety and collaboration READ MORE November 12, 2025 Improving the Existing MEP Workflow Recognized as one of the most respected mechanical contractors in New Jersey and Eastern Pennsylvania, Binsky delivers high quality workmanship across a wide range of projects, from large scale construction to commercial HVAC, plumbing, and emergency services. READ MORE Create a culture of cross-team BIM collaboration with project tips, industry news, and additional tools right in your inbox. Try It Now! Follow Us Subscribe to get our news Solutions Architects Engineers Contractors Owners Workflows Design Construction MEP Facility Management Open Formats Reality Capture Clash Automation Compatibilities Plugins Integrations Supported Formats Partner With Us Events Field Days Webinars Made Right Conference Industry Events Resources Blog Case Studies White Papers Glossary Help Center Company About Careers Trust & Security EULA GDPR Privacy Policy DPA Contact Us Copyright © 2012-2025 Revizto SA. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. GDPR • EULA • Privacy Policy Revizto World Trade Center Lausanne Avenue de Gratta-Paille 2 1018 Lausanne, Switzerland +41 21 588 0125 https://revizto.com/en/ 2D & 3D BIM collaboration platform. BIM collaboration software from Revizto Revizto is an integrated BIM collaboration software platform connecting architecture, engineering and construction throughout the entire project lifecycle. Revizto 2020-11-10T07:42:15+00:00 2025-12-15T13:47:24+00:00 Revizto World Trade Center Lausanne Avenue de Gratta-Paille 2 1018 Lausanne, Switzerland 1018 CH Lausanne +41 21 588 0125 https://revizto.com/en/