COMPANY 
ABOUT US
CAREERS AT RCS
MEDIA RELEASES
 BLOG SUPPORT CONTACT LOG IN   
Professional grade streaming

Revma is an affordable and complete online professional streaming solution. With guaranteed reliability, 24/7 support, professional audio processing and integrated listener reports.

So What Makes Revma Different?
Session management
Own your listeners, manage the audio content, control where your streams play.
Station Administration
Open new streams in few seconds, manage all your stations from one place.
Audio computing
Real time online audio transcoding, stitch alternate audio Ads and content at any format.
A complete streaming package designed for demanding radio groups:
Administration portal with user management, customisable on demand
Listener reports designed for Radio people, per stream or aggregated for all sources
Compatible with the most popular audio Ad-providers for alternate Ads for your online streams
Multiple audio outputs at any quality and format – HLS, MPEG-DASH, HTTPs, F-MP4
No cross-platform restrictions, infinite scale for any number of sources and listeners
Who We Are
RCS has a proud history of innovation, currently holding 45 patents in the field of broadcasting. Inventors of computerized music scheduling with the legendary Selector, RCS continues to lead the way with multiple award-winning products such as Zetta radio automation, GSelector music scheduling, the groundbreaking 2GO series of mobile solutions and The Zetta Cloud. New to the list is Revma; an affordable and complete online professional streaming solution. With guaranteed reliability, 24/7 support, professional audio processing and integrated listener reports. The most respected names in the industry choose RCS as their software provider because the best use the best.
Copyright © 2024 RCS. All Rights Reserved. All marks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of RCS. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | List of Patents
Cookie Settings
COMPANY
BLOG
SUPPORT
CONTACT
LOG IN
Connect with Us
 
 
 