Personal
Business
Kids & Teens
Company
Log in
Sign up
Change the way you money

Home or away, local or global — move freely between countries and currencies. Sign up for free, in a tap.

Download the app
Your salary, reimagined

Spend smartly, send quickly, sort your salary automatically, and watch your savings grow — all with Revolut.

Move your salary
Join 65+ million customers worldwide and 12 million in the UK
#3 most downloaded finance app
4.6 out of 5 on Trustpilot
Best International Payments Provider 2025
Best Consumer Banking Mobile App 2025
Customer Satisfaction — Gold
Consumer Guardian Badge 2025
Elevate your spend
Earn points on your purchases with one of our debit cards. Then redeem them for Airline Miles and more. RevPoints T&Cs apply.
Some cards available on paid plans only. Fees may apply.
Start earning
Physical cards
Virtual cards
Life, meet savings
Grow your money with up to 4.00% AER/Gross (variable) interest rate on Savings, paid every day.
AER stands for Annual Equivalent Rate and illustrates what the interest rate would be if interest was paid and compounded once each year. Gross is the interest rate without tax deducted. The interest rate is variable and subject to your selected plan. T&Cs apply.
Explore Savings
Adventure
Wedding
Moving
Your money’s safe space

With Revolut Secure, you’re entering a new era of money security — where our proactive, purpose-built defences and team of fraud specialists help protect every account, 24/7.

Learn more
Explore 2,500+ stocks
From Apple to Zoom, invest in some of the biggest and most influential companies in the world, commission-free within your monthly allowance.¹

Other fees may apply. Capital at risk.
Try it out
Stocks
Commodities
Join the 65+ million using Revolut
Download the app

¹FOR STOCK TRADING: Capital at risk.

Revolut Trading Ltd provides a non-advised execution-only service in shares. Revolut Trading Ltd does not provide investment advice or personal recommendations. You, as an individual investor, must make your own decisions, seeking independent professional advice if you are unsure as to the suitability or appropriateness of any investment for your individual circumstances or needs.

The value of investments can go up as well as down and you may receive less than your original investment or lose the value of your entire initial investment. Past performance and forecasts are not reliable indicators of future results. Currency rate fluctuations can adversely impact the overall returns on your original investment. Any trades outside of your monthly allowance are charged at 0.25% of the order amount if you are a Standard, Plus, Premium, or Metal customer, or at 0.12% of the order amount if you are an Ultra/Trading Pro customer. Read more on these fees. Further information about the investment service provided by Revolut Trading Ltd can be found in the Terms of Business, Risk Disclosure, and Invest FAQs.

Revolut Trading Ltd (No. 11567840) is a firm authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 933846). The registered address of Revolut Trading Ltd is at 7 Westferry Circus, Canary Wharf, London, England, E14 4HD.

²FOR COMMODITIES: Capital at risk.
Revolut Ltd commodities service is not regulated by the FCA and it is not protected or covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service, or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.

Revolut Ltd (No. 08804411) is also authorised by the FCA under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (Firm Reference 900562). Insurance related-products are arranged by Revolut Travel Ltd which is authorised by the FCA to undertake insurance distribution activities (FCA No: 780586) and by Revolut Ltd, an Appointed Representative of Revolut Travel Ltd in relation to insurance distribution activities. 

If you would like to find out more about which Revolut entity you receive services from, or if you have any other questions, please reach out to us via the in-app chat in the Revolut app.

Choose your plan
Standard
Free

For the financial basics — everything you need for better money management in one place. Sending money abroad or sticking to a budget has never been easier.

Plus
£3.99/month

For the smart spender — access additional benefits like better limits for spending abroad and insurance for your purchases, on our affordable paid plan.

Premium
£7.99/month

For elevating every day — access exclusive subscriptions, better savings rates, and exchange unlimited amounts of money.

Metal
£14.99/month

For the global travellers and traders — relax with travel insurance, enjoy enhanced limits, and subscriptions worth £2,100 annually.

Ultra
£55/month (introductory offer)

For those seeking the best of Revolut — get exceptional benefits like unlimited airport lounge access, monthly global data, partner subscriptions, and cancellation cover.

© Revolut Ltd 2025 

To find out more about which Revolut entity you receive services from, please check our corresponding FAQ page. If you have any other questions, please reach out to us via the in-app chat in the Revolut app.

Revolut Ltd is registered in England and Wales (No. 08804411), is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority to offer e-money and payment services under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (FRN: 900562), and is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority to offer cryptocurrency services under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017. Commodities services are provided by Revolut Ltd and are not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

Revolut Travel Ltd (No. 10618740) is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority to undertake insurance distribution activities (FRN: 780586). Our insurance products are arranged by Revolut Travel Ltd and Revolut Ltd, an appointed representative of Revolut Travel Ltd. 

Investment services are provided by Revolut Trading Ltd (No. 11567840), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 933846).

The registered address of Revolut Ltd, Revolut Travel Ltd, and Revolut Trading Ltd is at 30 South Colonnade, London, United Kingdom, E14 5HX. You can read more about our terms and policies here.

International Money Transfers: Send Money to India | Send Money to Nigeria | Send Money to Poland | Send Money to Ghana | Send Money to Dubai | Send Money to the UK from India | Send Money to Saudi Arabia | Send Money to North Macedonia | Send Money to Kazakhstan

Currency Converter: Convert GBP to INR | Convert USD to GBP | Convert GBP to EUR | Convert GBP to USD | Convert EUR to GBP | Convert GBP to PKR | Convert GBP to TRY | Convert GBP to HKD | Convert KRW to GBP | Convert AED to GBP | Convert INR to GBP | Convert GBP to CAD | Compare Exchange Rates

Revolut USA | Revolut Spain | Revolut Australia | Revolut Singapore | Revolut Estonia
Help
Contact Us
Help Centre
System Status
Developers API
Site Map
Crypto
Crypto
Revolut Ramp
Revolut X
Security & Protection
How We Protect Your Money
Report Lost Device
Learn About Fraud & Scams
Security Bugs
Consumer Security Insight Report
Investments
Stocks
Stocks & Shares ISA
Commodities
Plans
Standard
Plus
Premium
Metal
Ultra
Compare Plans
Global Finances
International Transfers
eSIM Data Plans
Lounges
Insurance
Donations
Accounts
Personal Account
Joint Account
Professional Account
Savings Account
For ages 16-17
Parents and guardians
Company
Sustainability
Code of Conduct
Smart Spending
Cards
Send & Receive
Revolut Pay
Money Management
RevPoints
Linked Accounts
Shops
United Kingdom
Website Terms
Legal Agreements
Complaints
Privacy
UK Modern Slavery Policy
Customer Vulnerability
Data Privacy Statement for Candidates

Choose your cookies

Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.

Learn more and manage

Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies