Optometry EHR & Practice Management Software | RevolutionEHR Request a demo Solutions EHR + Practice Management Your Complete Optometry Platform Integrated Solutions RevAspire Simplified CMS reporting RevBilling Hassle-free claims management RevClear Fast, accurate claim processing RevDirect HIPAA-compliant provider communication RevEngage Supercharged patient engagement RevIntake Streamlined intake and scheduling RevPayments Integrated payment processing Practices Single Location Multi Location New Practices Corporate-Affiliated Specialties Colleges & Schools Optical Shops Pricing Resources Blog eBooks Webinars Case Studies All Resources Company About Us Support Switching EHRs? Testimonials Partners Contact Us Login Request a demo Solutions EHR + Practice Management Your Complete Optometry Platform Integrated Solutions RevAspire Simplified CMS reporting RevBilling Hassle-free claims management RevClear Fast, accurate claim processing RevDirect HIPAA-compliant provider communication RevEngage Supercharged patient engagement RevIntake Streamlined intake and scheduling RevPayments Integrated payment processing Practices Single Location Multi Location New Practices Corporate-Affiliated Specialties Colleges & Schools Optical Shops Pricing Resources Blog eBooks Webinars Case Studies All Resources Company About Us Support Switching EHRs? Testimonials Partners Contact Us Login Request a demo Freedom to focus The cloud-based optometry EHR software that lets you focus on what matters most: your patients, your practice, your life. ‍ RevolutionEHR helps thousands of eye care practices grow their businesses while reducing stress about billing and coding, patient scheduling, and other practice management tasks. Request a demo View Pricing See Pricing 4.8 By optometrists for optometrists Trusted by over 13,000 eye care professionals with a 97% retention rate, RevolutionEHR was built for one thing: vision care. One platform, unlimited potential Run your practice from a single dashboard screen with built-in billing, payments, and patient engagement. On-the-go access Access your optometry EHR software wherever you go, on any device. Manage patient data or check your schedule anywhere, anytime. All-in-one dashboard View your entire operation — from booking to billing. Our patient dashboard gives optometrists and eye care staff all the information needed on a single screen: Exam history Account balance Insurance information and much more! Request a demo “I have used four previous Optometric programs and EHRs. Revolution is the most impressive EHR to date. I also appreciate the ability of Revolution to continually make changes to improve their system.” Name Surname Position, Company name “I have used four previous Optometric programs and EHRs. Revolution is the most impressive EHR to date. I also appreciate the ability of Revolution to continually make changes to improve their system.” Name Surname Position, Company name "RevolutionEHR is an unbelievably customizable product with exceptional “front of office” capabilities combined with an excellent EMR. All of this supported by a very friendly and helpful customer support staff with a genuine personal approach." Robert MacAlpine OD "With multiple locations, I can see what is happening from anywhere. I have doctors who were less than stellar on record keeping and this helps them be efficient and thorough." Torrey Carlson OD "The ability for us to access it anywhere and not have to run into the office on weekends to access a patient’s chart when they call is awesome." Lauren Marshall Office Manager, Downtown Eye Care "RevolutionEHR is very easy to use, dependable, and has great customer service." Jennie Huber Biller, Mason Vision Center "I like the ease of customization exams/encounters can be done "on the fly." Also the reporting is amazing!" Angie Fouts Office Manager, Vision Care Clinic, PC "RevolutionEHR is easy to use and has a quick learning curve. It contains all the exam information necessary for our operation." Nickolas Scavo Optometrist, OD LensCrafters "Best thought out EMR of any I have seen by far." Ralph Hendrix Optometrist, dc.rr.com "Very easy to navigate and straight forward." Casey Smith Optometrist, The Ohio State University "RevolutionEHR is intuitive, smooth, and works as advertised. I also like that it is a cloud-based system - very nice for multiple locations." Eric Dale Optometrist, Indiana University "RevolutionEHR is easy to use and the customer support is great. They are constantly working to improve RevolutionEHR for all users." Larry Motacek Optometrist, Lifetime Vision 20/20 "I have ALWAYS found RevolutionEHR support to be helpful when I reach out to them. I love that the product is cloud-based as I can access it anywhere in the event of a patient emergency." Kelly McGahen Office Manager, Joel H McGahen OD. PC. "I love how the encounters are customizable and thus have enabled us to pass insurance audits with a 100% score." Linda Abney Office Manager, Independent Creative Consultants Software that adapts to your practice Your optometry practice management software should support your workflow, not the other way around. From simplified inventory management to industry-leading optometric integrations, RevolutionEHR’s platform expands and evolves at the pace you need. Want to change something? Customize your EHR features to fit the way you work. Request a demo Flexible and upfront pricing Our customizable pricing includes a monthly subscription fee based on the number of doctors in your practice. This fee covers all software features, updates, and data management. Our one-time service fee and database conversion fee help create a smooth transition to RevolutionEHR’s optometry software. Request a demo Optometry practices love our EHR software Video Revolutionize your patient experience and practice management. 97 % Customer retention rate 80 + EHR systems converted to RevolutionEHR Video See how RevolutionEHR has completely changed the way eyeSmith runs their practice. You need an optometry-specific EHR system Generic medical EHR software isn’t what eye care offices need. RevolutionEHR is dedicated to software exclusively tailored for your optometry practice. Our custom solutions are designed to meet your unique business needs, ensuring maximum efficiency and effectiveness. Request a demo Anytime, anywhere access Monitor scheduling, reporting, payments, and everything in between on any device from anywhere. Elevated patient experience With an online portal, self-service scheduling, and simple payment options, you can provide a fast, modern experience for your patients. Secure by design You can now trust your software. RevolutionEHR automatically backs up your practice data with HIPAA-compliant encryption to keep you and your patient safe. Practice management software with a suite of solutions Request a demo RevAspire Reporting software for optometry practices Offload quality reporting responsibilities from your doctors and support them through every step of the CMS category reporting process. RevBilling Streamlined insurance claims and billing Maximize revenue and reduce admin costs by ensuring accurate claims submissions, ledger reconciliation, timely posting of insurance remittances, and more. RevClear Integrated insurance claims processing Save time and money by sending claims to payers electronically via our integrated clearinghouse. Review claim rejections and status, and resubmit claims all on one platform. RevEngage Automated patient engagement tools Attract more patients and increase practice loyalty with tools to drive more appointments, manage your online reputation, run marketing campaigns, and more. RevIntake Patient registration and scheduling Simplify the scheduling and intake process with customizable forms, online booking and patient surveys in one time-saving tool. RevPayments Optometry patient payment processing Simplify your payment workflow with built-in processing. Securely accept payments from patients in the manner that works best for them — card swipe/chip, Apple Pay™, Android Pay™, or voice. FAQs Discover more about our cloud-based optometry EHR software by checking out our frequently asked questions. Get the information you need to make the best choice for your eye care practice! Schedule a demo Can I configure RevolutionEHR to my practice or exam style? The software offers a high degree of customization, allowing practices to tailor it to their specific workflow and preferences. This includes options for customizing templates, reports, and other features. ‍ How can RevolutionEHR help with scheduling and appointment management? The software provides robust scheduling tools, including calendar views, appointment reminders, and the ability to handle complex scheduling scenarios. It also helps with appointment management tasks like confirmations, cancellations, and rescheduling. ‍ How does RevolutionEHR support the exam process? RevolutionEHR provides industry-leading integrations with all major diagnostic equipment, allowing for efficient data collection and analysis during exams. All data is securely linked to the patient profile for documentation or prescribing. How long is the contract length? RevolutionEHR has no long-term contracts! You’ll be billed on a month-to-month basis with no commitment until you tell us otherwise. What internet speed do I need? RevolutionEHR has a minimum internet download requirement of 4 Mb/s and a minimum upload speed of 512 Kb/s. You can go to https://www.speedtest.net to test your internet speeds at no charge. What is the implementation process like? A dedicated Implementation Specialist will partner with you throughout your onboarding journey, ensuring that every step is thoroughly completed. This includes software configuration, navigating the learning platform, instructional videos and data conversion. Solutions RevAspire RevBilling RevClear RevEngage RevIntake RevPayments RevDirect Practices Single Location Multi Location New Practices Corporate Affiliated Specialties Colleges & Schools Learn Blog eBooks Webinars Case Studies All Resources About Switching EHRs? Careers Partners News Contact Us SMS Opt-in Support © RevolutionEHR changelog Status Privacy policy