Online Booking System for Tour & Experience Providers | Rezdy Product Support Contact Us Login Platform Booking Software The all-in-one for tour & activity operators Booking Software Features overview Automated Communications Seamless guest comms Reporting & Analytics Informed business decisions Live Availability Avoid overbooking Distribution Channels Grow your network Sell Other Operators Earn extra revenue Gift Cards & Promo Codes Sell more Website Tools Websites & widgets Channel Manager Access the largest distribution network Channel Manager Features overview Channel Partners Largest distribution network Google Things to do More organic bookings Channel Manager Demo Get a demo Reseller Tools Resell more effectively Booking Widgets Take online bookings Reseller Website Turnkey & customized Agent Portal Book for customers Agent API Rest API for Rezdy agents Payments Fast & secure payment processing Payment Processing Connected gateways RezdyPay Our payment solution Apple Pay & Google Pay Seamless payment Integrations Integrate third party software Solutions Tour Operators Run your business Tours Booking software for all tour types Activities For activity & adventure based businesses Attractions For events, special attractions & more Charters For boats, planes, yachts or charters Rentals For canoe, kayak & all types of rental equipment Shuttles For all types of shuttles & transportation Resellers Access amazing experiences Ticketing Systems Access distribution channels Resources Blog Case Studies eBooks FAQs Guides Help & Training Developer Portal Pricing Request a Demo Start your free trial The tour booking system that will grow your business by 35% Online booking software designed for tour operators, activity providers and resellers to automate, save time, get connected and grow. Get started for free See Rezdy in action Rated 4.6/5 based on Capterra reviews Better booking management starts here Rezdy online booking software is designed to help you: Automate operations Drive more bookings Improve guest experience Reach more customers Booking Software Tour management made easy Get the booking system features you need to manage tours and activities end to end. Rezdy tour operator booking software helps you manage your experience-based business by automating tasks like booking management, communications, reporting and billing. Fully flexible and customized to your business needs. Get time back to focus on delivering delightful experiences for your guests. Booking Software Rezdy Channel Manager Connecting supply with demand Rezdy distribution platform offers award-winning connections with thousands of global & local resellers like Viator and Google Things to do, plus tools to manage each channel seamlessly. Connect your tours easily via a single managed connection to unlock new revenue streams. Rezdy connects you to the largest independent supply and distribution network across the whole Experience Industry. Rezdy Channel Manager RezdyPay Faster and more secure payments Choose from 30+ payment gateways to boost your website conversions with seamless, secure booking payments. RezdyPay lets you accept payments anytime, anywhere, including mobile wallets like GooglePay and ApplePay, manage multiple currencies, and deliver a smooth checkout experience. RezdyPay Rated 4.6/5 based on Capterra reviews Rezdy customers have increased their sales by 35%. What are you waiting for? Ultimately Sydney “Rezdy has become a vital part of our administration and a solution to our admin problems. It’s opened up a whole new space for where we can go." Go Car Barcelona “Rezdy is easy to use... and it’s a very affordable monthly fee. Since deploying Rezdy we’ve seen a 20% jump in online bookings.” Salt Air New Zealand "Rezdy has just made the booking process incredibly efficient and easy for our customers, so it sets up a really positive start to their experience with us." Wilkinson Vineyard "We take advantage of Rezdy’s Channel Manager to link to agents. The access to our live availability has increased our bookings by over 20%." Voyager Estate "We have seen growth through Viator, where people are booking from TripAdvisor, as well as gifting websites such as Red Balloon through Rezdy." BBQ Bouys Adelaide "Rezdy’s much more than a booking engine, and we’re looking forward to connecting to and working with Australia’s best resellers." Pacific Divers "I love how people can easily book our experiences with Rezdy. Also, the calendar gives me a clear overview of what I have on that day, or week, or month." Start free trial Rezdy gets results. Here's how we help operators around the world thrive: 0 %+ Average increase in direct online bookings 0 %+ More revenue from OTAs and channel partners 0 + Hours saved annually in booking management Start free trial Grow your business with leading integration partners in the travel industry We connect you with tourism industry partners around the world, 25k+ resellers globally and locally, 100k+ experiences worldwide. See more partners Why choose Rezdy's online travel booking system? Our products are user-friendly and intuitive Easily set up and manage operations with features like automated comms, manifest management, reporting and more. Rezdy online booking software won Capterra’s Best Ease of Use award in addition to the top 20 global reservation platforms. top 20 global reservation platforms You stay in full control Your privacy is important to us. You own your data, branding, website and your customer relationships. Rezdy is customizable and flexible so you can stay in control. You enjoy flexibility and freedom No lock-in contracts plus unlimited products, users and connections on all plans. Rezdy makes it as easy as possible for you to control your reservation software both online and offline. Our reservation software is tried and trusted We work with thousands of operators and agents in over 100 countries. With around 90 different currencies supported, it’s no wonder that tour and activity providers around the world are turning to Rezdy to support their growing business. We’re independent and unbiased Rezdy powers the largest independent supply and distribution network across the whole Experience Industry. From local tour operators to ticketing agents, harness the benefits from a streamlined activity booking platform tailored to your business needs. We genuinely care We are relentless in our mission to drive positive change for the industry. That’s why our team of experts provides customers with real-time chat and phone support to get the most out of your online booking platform. Start your FREE trial today! No obligations, no commitment, no credit card required. Just 21 days of full account access to check we are a good fit for your tour or activity business. Why wait?! Start trial now Compare plans and pricing Get news delivered to your inbox Platform Booking Software Channel Manager Integrations Partners Payment gateways RezdyPay Solutions For activities For charters For resellers For shuttles For tours For ticketing systems Get Rezdy Pricing Contact sales FAQs Request a demo Start a trial Company Blog Careers Customer stories Rezdy news Our story Features Automated communications Booking widget Gift cards & promo codes Scheduling & resources Reporting tools Website tools Trending Guide for tour operators NEW Guide to marketing tours Guide to finding resellers How to connect to OTAs How to grow with Google What is tour operator booking software? Support Contact us Developer portal Help & training System status Login Stay connected Facebook Instagram Linkedin YouTube Privacy Policy Terms of Use Booking Software Terms and Conditions Distribution Services Terms and Conditions RezdyPay Terms of Service Security Cookie Consent © Copyright Rezdy 2025