Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer
University of Richmond
APPLY
VISIT
GIVE
INFO FOR
TOOLS
Search
Reset Search
Do Search
ABOUT
Show submenu for About
ACADEMICS
Show submenu for Academics
ADMISSION & AID
Show submenu for Admission & Aid
STUDENT EXPERIENCE
Show submenu for Student Experience
OUTCOMES
Show submenu for Outcomes
ATHLETICS
Show submenu for Athletics
VISIT
Show submenu for Visit
University of Richmond
Play/Pause Video
Get to know Richmond

Ambition, curiosity, determination—that’s what makes our students remarkable. Think you belong in our web?

Explore our academics

Classes across five schools encourage students to think critically, take on multiple viewpoints, and hone their strengths. What could you do at Richmond?

Dig into athletics

From D-1 to sport clubs to intramurals, if you’re looking to compete, stay active, or combine the two, Richmond has a team to help you do it.

Experience life on campus

From the scholarly pursuits to the playful, and everything in between, you’ll find opportunities that speak to your interests here at Richmond.

APPLY TO RICHMOND

Learn more about the admission process and when to apply.

DOWNLOAD DIGITAL SWAG

Show off your Spider Pride with wallpapers, backgrounds, and more.

VIEW OUR STUDENT PROFILE

See who makes up the Class of 2029 and learn about how they applied.

STAY CONNECTED
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
YouTube
@URICHMOND ON INSTAGRAM
Instagram
Our campus photographer, Jamie Betts, keeps our feeds full of incredible content all year long. As 2025 comes to a close, here are 10 of his favorite shots from the year. #URichmond
View on Instagram
Instagram
Same campus, different seasons. Always beautiful, always home. ❤️💙🕷️ #URichmond
View on Instagram
Instagram
A little holiday glow from the heart of campus. Wishing you a season that’s warm, bright, and full of good things. ✨🎄
View on Instagram
Instagram
One day. One goal. One city. Operation: Code Red is our push to fill the Robins Center with 5,000 fans for @spiderwbball’s biggest home game of the season, a rivalry showdown vs VCU on national TV. Join us to celebrate this historic team with a historic crowd! 🗓 Jan. 18 | Noon 📍 Robins Center 🎟️ Tickets: https://spides.us/CODERED (🔗 in our bio) #URichmond #OneRichmond #richmondspiders #womensbasketball
View on Instagram
Instagram
Looking back on the year with some of sophomore Jacob Bennett's favorite photos taken on campus. ❤️💙🕷️ 📸: @jacob24bt, '28
View on Instagram
Instagram
A wide variety of academic opportunities, countless student organizations, our beautiful campus, stellar dining, and more. What's not to love about UR? ❤️💙🕷️ 🎥: @jjessicooper, '26 #urichmond #universityofrichmond
View on Instagram
UNIVERSITY OF RICHMOND NEWS
RELEASES
Five University of Richmond Students Awarded Competitive Gilman Scholarships to Study Abroad
Five University of Richmond students have been offered Gilman Scholarships to support their study abroad experiences.  
University of Richmond Ranked No. 1 in Study Abroad Participation by Open Doors Report
The University of Richmond is a leader among peer institutions for study abroad programs according to the latest Open Doors Report.
University of Richmond Chemistry Professor Julie Pollock Receives National Award for Excellence in Teaching and Research

Pollock is a recipient of the 2025 Henry Dreyfus Teacher-Scholar Award.

University of Richmond’s Robins School of Business Hosts International Economics Conference

The 8th annual Central Bank Research Association’s Workshop for Commodities & Macroeconomics (CEBRA 2025) was held at the University of Richmond on Nov. 21-22, in collaboration with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Broadway Star Phillipa Soo Visits University of Richmond

Soo encouraged students to ‘see as much as possible’ and ‘lead with openness.’

MORE NEWS
Workday
Bannerweb
Blackboard
Box
Exchange
Gmail
SpiderTechNet
Library
Maps
Calendar

The University of Richmond

Follow us:
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
YouTube

410 Westhampton Way
University of Richmond, VA 23173

(804) 289-8000
(800) 700-1662
Legal Policies
Web Accessibility
ADMINISTRATION
Human Resources
President's Office
Provost's Office
University Communications
Student Development
Information Services
Business Affairs
Advancement
GENERAL INFO
UR Facts
Academic Calendar
Inclusion & Belonging
Careers
Institutional History Virtual Exhibit
Newsroom
Directory
UR SpiderShop
Accreditation
SCHOOLS
Arts & Sciences
Business
Leadership Studies
Law
Professional & Continuing Studies
HEALTH & SAFETY
UR Alert
University Police
Emergency Preparedness
Resources for Reporting Concerns
Facilities
UR Well
Student Health Center
Counseling and Psychological Services
Compliance, Title IX, & Non-Discrimination
© 1995 – 2025 University of Richmond
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the University of Richmond's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our Cookie Statement.
OK