Richemont Skip to main content Share price at CET CHF Home About us About us About us Visit about us Ambition & values Global presence History Corporate governance Partnerships Main foundations supported Contact us Group presentation Download What makes Richemont different? Read Richemont's ambition & values Our Maisons Our Maisons Our Maisons Visit our Maisons & businesses Jewellery Maisons Buccellati Cartier Van Cleef & Arpels Vhernier Specialist Watchmakers A. Lange & Söhne Baume & Mercier IWC Schaffhausen Jaeger-LeCoultre Panerai Piaget Roger Dubuis Vacheron Constantin Fashion & Accessories / Other Alaïa Chloé Delvaux dunhill G/FORE Gianvito Rossi Montblanc Peter Millar Purdey Serapian TimeVallée Watchfinder & Co. Talent Talent Talent Visit talent Why join us? Career areas Technology at Richemont Our schools & academia Students & graduates View our jobs Application process Open positions View here Meet our people! Read more Investors Investors Investors Visit investors Results, reports & presentations Press releases & news Corporate calendar Share price and tools Shareholder information Debt information Risk management ESG indices Richemont FY26 - Interim Results presentation Download Richemont FY26 - Interim Results Results, reports & presentations SWX CHF CHF bn market cap Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Visit sustainability Sustainability approach Reports & policies Non-Financial Report 2025 Read more Basis of Preparation 2025 Read more Executive Summary 2025 Read more Media Media Media Visit media Press releases & news Corporate calendar Media library Media contacts A. Lange & Söhne opens new flagship boutique in Singapore Read more Piaget opens its new flagship boutique in Singapore Read more Richemont Press Office +41 22 721 3507 pressoffice@cfrinfo.net Teneo +44 20 7260 2700 richemont@teneo.com Join us Join us At Richemont, We Craft the Future Recent event Richemont FY26 - Interim Results Company announcement, presentation & audio webcast available on: Results, reports & presentations About us Driven by craftsmanship & creativity A leading luxury goods group, Richemont is the owner of prestigious Maisons, recognised for their excellence in jewellery, watches, fashion and accessories. As a family-spirited Group, our central and regional functions pool their expertise to guide, support and challenge our Maisons and businesses to design timeless creations and innovative services that preserve their unique heritage. We help our Maisons and businesses thrive in new and existing markets while setting unparalleled standards for service and embedding sustainable practices across our operations. See what we do Our Maisons & businesses Recent event Watches and Wonders - Geneva 2025 Recap From 1 April to 7 April, the heart of Geneva beat to watchmaking rhythms. The general public was able to discover the novelties of countless watch brands, including 12 Richemont Maisons, from Saturday to Monday at Palexpo. Read more Latest press releases and news See all news / 23 December 2026 Chloé opens its first boutique in Australia 22 December 2025 A. Lange & Söhne opens new flagship boutique in Singapore 20 December 2025 Piaget opens its new flagship boutique in Singapore 08 December 2025 L’ÉCOLE, School of Jewelry Arts, supported by Van Cleef & Arpels, presents the 'Stones and Reveries: The Poetry and Minerals of Roger Caillois' exhibition 05 December 2025 A. Lange & Söhne opens new flagship boutique in London 03 December 2025 Buccellati opens 'The Prince of Goldsmiths’ exhibition in Shanghai Sign up to our Press releases & news Enter your email address Subscribe About us Built for the long term, Richemont nurtures the distinctive craftsmanship, innovative spirit and creative inspiration of its Maisons and businesses. Ambition & values Talent Career areas / Digital & innovation The digital presence of our Maison’s enhance our clients' experience, gathering the latest technologies and solutions to provide a unique, tailored service. Your mission is to create a seamless omnichannel experience at anytime, anywhere, and on any device. Retail Our luxury boutiques are the heart of our business and immerse clients into our Maisons’ universe. Your purpose is to offer our customers a truly inspirational and unique experience as well as building a lasting relationship based on trust. Discover our careers in Retail to craft the future. Design & creation Our Design & Creation teams use their imagination to conceive new iconic designs. Your mission is to respect our Maisons’ artist codes while adding a contemporary essence to evolve their distinctiveness and style. Bring your creative flair to shape our future. Manufacturing Our Manufacturing team safeguard our Maisons’ know-how and innovative spirit. Your mission is to craft the future by nurturing our distinctive craftsmanship to bring creative visions to life. Join us in our quest for creativity, innovation, and excellence. Marketing & communication Our Marketing & Communication teams share our Maisons' stories and enhance their identities. Your mission is to articulate and communicate the legend that perfectly embodies the spirit and values of our Maisons. Come attract and captivate our clients. IT & technology Our IT & Technology teams power our business success. You mission is to act as a trusted advisor and a business partner to our Maisons & businesses. You create value at an ever-increasing pace while minimising risk, enhancing existing offerings and providing deeper customer experiences. Operations Client-centricity is at our core and our omnichannel transformation means that our Maisons' products need optimum availability. Your mission is to position supply chain and operations as a key pillar and engine to deliver our business ambitions and meet our clients' expectations. Finance Analytical skills and acting as a valued business partner are important to us. You provide assistance and specialised advice to make our organisation operate more efficiently and achieve our business objectives. Legal The digital presence of our Maison’s enhance our clients experience, gathering the latest technologies adn solutions to provide a unique, tailored service. Your mission is to create a seamless omni-channel experience at anytime, anywhere, and on any device. We invite you to build upon your heritage to craft the future. Human resources You have a flair for identifying talent inside and outside our organisation and help them to harness their curiosity and creativity to reach their full potential. Your mission is to support our employees during their journey, to strengthen our culture, and to promote diversity and inclusion, and equal opportunities for all. Read more Join Richemont Explore our job opportunities Contact us General enquiries Investor, analyst & rating agency contacts Media contacts Report your compliance concerns Sign up to our Press releases & news Enter your email address → LinkedIn WeChat WeChat Close Explore Home About us Our Maisons Talent Investors Sustainability Media Site information Accessibility statement Credits FAQ Cookie Policy Cookie center Media centre terms of use Privacy Policy Talent Privacy Policy Terms of use California Privacy Rights Do not sell/share my personal information Sitemap © Compagnie Financière Richemont SA 2026