Riddle - The Ultimate Quiz Maker & Engagement Platform en Deutsch English Private GDPR Secure ISO 27001 Accessible WCAG 2.1 Log in Menu Solutions By content type Make a quiz Make a personality quiz Make a poll / survey Make a form Make a predictor Make a leaderboard Make a minigame By industry For publishers For agencies For brands For sports teams & leagues For non-profit organizations By use case Grow your business Gather zero-party data Engage your audience Unlock deep audience insights Generate high-quality leads Case studies Plans and Pricing Resources Learn about Riddle Help Center Blog Video Academy About us FAQ For developers API Docs Custom code examples Get in touch Contact us Book a demo Subscribe to newsletters Try for free Book a demo The Ultimate Quiz Maker & Engagement Platform Powering publishers, brands, and sports teams with 30+ interactive content types. Maximize engagement and revenue with Riddle. Quizzes Polls Surveys Contests & Raffles More Start creating for free No payment details required Trusted by thousands of brands Engagement awaits Full-featured trial No payment details required Try now for free Book a demo The rundown: Riddle in 4 steps Riddle makes it easy to create interactive content like personality quizzes , quizzes , polls & surveys , score predictors , leaderboards ,
				and more. Embed Riddles on your website or app, or run them on your Riddle landing page . Make content in seconds with our AI engine and work collaboratively with your team members. Add forms to your Riddles and collect email addresses. Combine form data with Riddle responses and results to create meaningful first-party data. Engagement awaits Full-featured trial No payment details required Try now for free Book a demo Power & Privacy combined Create, customize, and monetize your content with confidence. Earn money. Use your own display ads and sponsored content on your content to increase ad demand & inventory. Built from the ground up with privacy in mind. No cookies or trackers. 100% GDPR/CCPA compliant. No limits. No additional costs. No need to worry over your Riddle views, interactions, or data collection.* Extensive customization. Match your brand’s style. Reuse your style with Palettes and Presets. Accessible data through robust APIs. Create content, embed content, and retrieve stats through APIs. Create your first Riddle. It's free. Start free trial Book a demo *All Riddle plans include a limit for concurrent users on your content. Our metrics show 98.4% of Riddle customers never come close to these high limits – only the largest global brands and publishers. Riddle’s impact on engagement has been remarkable, with 65.8% of site visitors initiating engagement with our interactive content. Riczer Desvaristes Director of Football Engagement Fiesta Bowl Riddle quiz maker is simple to use - and simply great. Be creative, go wild – it's easy to create fun experiences on any device and collect leads on the way. Mohammed Brueckner Director, E-Commerce Stage Entertainment Riddle helps our Children's Interactive team to quickly create engaging content that provide compelling data insights about our audience. Derek Harvie Executive Producer BBC (CBeebies & CBBC) Discover the Riddle Advantage Why companies choose Riddle. Massively improve your SEO through higher time on site. Increase time-on-site, a critical ranking factor for Google, by more than 2 minutes by adding a Riddle to a page. Increase revenue by running your own ads. Expand your video & display ad portfolio with Riddle's comprehensive ad server integration capabilities. Improve opt-in rates for forms embedded in Riddles. 30-50% of those who interact with Riddles fill out native lead forms. Design to match your specs. Build exactly what you need in terms of styling or features. Dive deeper with full CSS support (Business & Enterprise plan only). 8 / 12 Who was the leagues' first-ever MVP? Scottie Kerr 26% 262 Michael Russell 50% 500 Jerry Williams 30% 298 Ron Bush 4% 40 Correct 8 / 12 Who was the leagues' first-ever MVP? Scottie Kerr 26% 262 Michael Russell 50% 500 Jerry Williams 30% 300 Ron Bush 4% 40 Correct 8 / 12 Who was the league's first-ever MVP? Scottie Kerr 26% 262 Michael Russell 50% 500 Jerry Williams 30% 300 Ron Bush 4% 40 Correct You might be asking... How’s Riddle’s support? We have lightning-fast support. We’re proud of our 2.1 minute average response time. Why should I use Riddle and not something else? Riddle delivers scalable, enterprise-grade content tools for publishers and sports brands. Our pricing is fixed, regardless of your content's success. This means no limits, no surprises. Unlike others, we won't force you to upgrade if your content takes off. Riddle powers 2+ billion questions & million software leads every year. Will Riddle embeds look good on any screen? We’re mobile first. Riddles look great on any device - desktop, tablet, phone... you name it. What about accessibility? Riddles are fully accessible. We meet WCAG 2.1 standards to serve everyone’s needs. Engagement awaits Full-featured trial No payment details required Try now for free Book a demo Perfect to increase time on site, reader interaction, and share rates. For engagement Keep users engaged and extend their stay on your site. Increase user engagement and
time-on-site by up to 57% with Riddle. Boost SEO and unlock new opportunities for content monetization. Incentivize participation with competitions and raffles. Ignite your audience's competitive spirit with quizzes and score predictors that connect to leaderboards. Host exclusive contests to engage your users. Monetize your content with display ads and sponsored content. Expand your ad inventory significantly with embedded banner and video ads. Create branded sponsored content, like advertorials and custom campaigns. Learn more Fantastic for generating better leads For marketing Beyond your typical first-party data collection. Target customers more effectively by using behavioral, preference, and need-based segmentation instead of relying solely on demographics. Boost conversions with personalized recommendations. Make product recommendations using dynamic, targeted content and personalized emails with data gathered from Riddle’s engaging content platform. Strengthen trust by giving users privacy autonomy. Provide your users with transparency and choice. Offer them full control over their data and the option to opt-in to tracking and usage terms. Learn more I thought quizzes wouldn’t work. I was wrong - my first quiz got a 68% opt-in rate… 10X better than my previous email collection tools. Merilyn Beretta Founder LeadYourWorld Our Tate Kids audience loves interactive content like Riddle’s quizzes. Our games and quizzes generates half our traffic and 22% higher time on site, which means greater engagement and education from our audience. Zoe Smith Kids Producer Tate Modern Other ways to use Riddle Grow your business Convert user engagement into profit with lead forms and ads on quizzes and interactive content. Learn more Collect audience insights Tailor quizzes to individuals by using their responses to generate content that aligns with their passions. Learn more Gather first-party data Leverage Riddle to obtain meaningful first-party data in a privacy-conscious manner. Learn more Make life easier with integrations. Connect Riddle quiz maker to your existing marketing and CRM tools to streamline your work and marketing funnel. Read more here Mailchimp AWeber Zapier Google Sheets Google Tag Manager ActiveCampaign Facebook WhatsApp LinkedIn X Instagram ApiX Drive Trusted by thousands of brands Start using Riddle full-featured for free. Try now for free Book a demo 30-day money-back guarantee No set-up fees Cancel anytime No payment details required Quiz maker Solutions Interactive content Use cases Imprint Terms of service Privacy policy Cookies Cookie settings