Reliance Industries Limited – Petroleum Refining & Marketing | Retail Markets | Telecom | Petrochemicals | Hydrocarbon Exploration & Production | New Energy | Jio True 5G | Reliance Shares Skip to main content Fix Letter Spacing eB2B eB2B Customers Petrochemical Product Datasheets Petrochemicals: New Customer Inquiry Suppliers E&P Notices for EOI eProcurement eBiz Retail Vendor Registration RIL Business Partner Code Of Conduct (BPCOC) Notices Notice Inviting Offer - Sale Of Gas From Block KG-DWN-98/3 Notice Inviting Offer - Sale Of Gas From CBM Block SP (West) - CBM-2001/1 Notice Inviting Tender - Sale Of Crude Oil from Block KG-DWN-98/3 Notice Inviting Offer – Sale of condensate from Block KG-DWN-98/3 Notice Inviting EOI for Purchase of Old Helicopters (RIL/E&P/EOI/2025/05) Fraud Alert Contact Us Search About About Our History Founder-Chairman Chairman & Managing Director Board of Directors Board Committees Awards Our Impact Corporate Social Responsibility RF Founder-Chairperson Reliance Foundation Products & Brands Innovation Research & Technology Development JioGenNext Manufacturing Locations Businesses Our Businesses Energy Oil and Gas Exploration & Production Refining & Marketing Petrochemicals Textiles Polymers Polyesters Fibre Intermediates Aromatics Elastomers Reliance Composites Solutions Retail Investor Relations Digital Services-Jio Investor Relations New Energy & New Materials Reliance Bioenergy Media & Entertainment Sustainability Sustainability Decarbonisation Net-Zero Carbon Health, Safety & Environment Investors Investor Relations Financial Reporting Reports, Results & Presentations Webcast & Transcripts Online Annual Report Credit Ratings Shares Stock Quote Stock Chart Historical Stock Price Investment Calculator Dividend & Shares Notice Of Forfeiture Shareholders' Information Integrated Filing Corporate Governance Report Shareholding Pattern Corporate Announcements Other Filings with Stock Exchanges Policies Notices Statutory Filings Scheme of Arrangement Investor Contacts Grievance Management Communication to Shareholders Chairman's Statement Forms Disclosures under Regulation 46 and 62 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 Subsidiaries & Associates Retail Investor Relations Jio Investor Relations Financial Statements of Subsidiaries Major Subsidiaries & Associates Resource Centre Other Important Documents Tax Strategy & Policy Petitions Careers Careers Working at Reliance Group Search & Apply News & Media News & Media Press Releases Events Resource Centre Media Kit Videos Publications & Brochures eB2B eB2B Customers Petrochemical Product Datasheets Petrochemicals: New Customer Inquiry Suppliers E&P Notices for EOI eProcurement eBiz Retail Vendor Registration RIL Business Partner Code Of Conduct (BPCOC) Notices Notice Inviting Offer - Sale Of Gas From Block KG-DWN-98/3 Notice Inviting Offer - Sale Of Gas From CBM Block SP (West) - CBM-2001/1 Notice Inviting Tender - Sale Of Crude Oil from Block KG-DWN-98/3 Notice Inviting Offer – Sale of condensate from Block KG-DWN-98/3 Notice Inviting EOI for Purchase of Old Helicopters (RIL/E&P/EOI/2025/05) Fraud Alert Contact Us NSE ₹0.00 (0.00%) BSE ₹0.00 (0.00%) Search Growth is Life About Us Our History Reliance Industries Limited is a Fortune 500 ® company and the largest private sector corporation in India. Our Businesses Energy Energy Our quest to make India energy sufficient led us to become one of the largest oil & gas exploration and production players in India. Our refinery at Jamnagar is the world’s largest, integrated, single-location refining complex. It has transformed India from being a net importer of petroleum products to a net exporter. Today, Reliance is among the first companies globally to adopt an Oil-to-Chemicals (O2C) strategy to produce the chemical building blocks of a circular economy and integrate it with sustainable downstream derivatives, useful chemicals, and new materials. read more Our Businesses Petrochemicals Petrochemicals Reliance is the largest producer of petrochemicals in the country and amongst the top 10 in the world. Our petrochemicals business creates more than just an extensive range of polymers, polyesters, elastomers, and advanced materials. The relentless focus of all the complicated science we do is to ultimately bring joy to millions of people around the world and meaningfully enhance their lifestyles. We call this 'Chemistry for Smiles'. read more Our Businesses Retail Retail Since its inception in 2006, Reliance Retail has revolutionised the Indian retail ecosystem by bringing the benefits of organised retail to the farthest corners of India and by including consumers as well as small merchants and producers on shared growth platforms of digitization and modernisation. Today, we are India’s largest retailer with an omni-channel presence that provides lasting value to Indian consumers as well as small retailers. read more Our Businesses Digital Services - Jio Digital Services - Jio Jio—our digital services business—democratises access to digital services for millions of people and powers the digital revolution in India. We have built the most advanced platforms that connect everything, everyone, everywhere. Our vision is to transform India into a digital-first society with the power of the digital life with Jio. read more Our Businesses New Energy New Energy We care about the collective future of humanity. Reliance is committed to achieving an ambitious net-zero carbon target by 2035. To achieve this, we are building the most comprehensive ecosystem for New Energy and New Materials in India to secure the promise of a sustainable future for generations to come. Our New Energy business will be an optimal mix of reliable, clean and affordable energy solutions with hydrogen, wind, solar, fuel cells, and batteries. We are committed to helping India lead in the Green New Energy future and are bridging the Green Energy divide in India and the world. read more Our Businesses Media & Entertainment Media & Entertainment Our media and entertainment business is pan-India, pipe- and screen-agnostic, and runs a full portfolio spread across content creation and distribution. We deliver the best of Indian and global content and brands to discerning audiences across India’s vast demographic diversity. read more Energy Petrochemicals Retail Digital Services - Jio New Energy Media & Entertainment Founded in 2010 under the leadership of Nita M. Ambani, Reliance Foundation tackles some of India’s most pressing developmental challenges with meaningful and innovative interventions. It is India’s largest corporate foundation and has positively impacted the lives of 86 million people. read more Sustainability Innovation Our Impact Corporate Sustainability Our growth strategy is defined by our business acumen and our corporate responsibility. Our commitment to sustainable value-creation demonstrates the principle that we care for our people and our planet. Our mission remains to continue growing as a responsible organisation that enriches lives, while striving for economic and ecological sustainability. We are on the path to transforming our legacy businesses to net-zero carbon operations, while ensuring sustainability through circular materials. Reliance has set an ambitious target to become a net-zero carbon company by 2035. read more Innovation Innovation is a way of life at Reliance. Our spectacular growth story is engineered by innovation and the new paradigms we set every single day to create a better future for all. Our innovations touch many facets of life in India – be it digital services, transportation, retail, or healthcare. Our bold ambitions for Reliance and for India push us to create an innovation agenda that is even bolder, ensuring that the next wave of growth will remain innovation-led. Reliance has made significant investments in cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, and Internet of Things (IoT), and has also launched numerous initiatives to drive innovation across its various business units. read more Our Impact At Reliance, we are constantly aligning our ambitions with India’s dreams. We have generated employment and immense societal value, committed resources and ideas to a digital revolution, built world-class manufacturing assets that produce clean fuels and materials of the future, and created a consumer-focused, integrated retail ecosystem for India. We have also joined forces with the best in the world, to bring the best of the world to India. At Reliance, we are on a pursuit of self-reliant, sustainable growth and are stepping up to the challenge of taking on the future and making it India’s own. read more Announcements Reliance Consumer Products Acquires Tamil Nadu’s Heritage Nutrition Brand ‘UDHAIYAM’ RIL Communication 18 Dec, 2025 Reliance Industries Limited and Surrey announce their partnership in Oval Invincibles franchise in The Hundred RIL Communication 03 Dec, 2025 Reliance and Google Partner to Accelerate India’s AI Revolution across Consumers and Enterprises RIL Communication 30 Oct, 2025 RIL Q2 FY2026 Financial and Operational Performance RIL Communication 17 Oct, 2025 more announcements Chairman's Statement
			 | 48 th AGM | Aug 29, 2025 Investors Investors Notices Dec 11, 2025 Payment of Interest proceeds to the holders of PPD Series IA Dec 11, 2025 Payment of Interest proceeds to the holders of PPD Series IB know more Investor documents 2025 - 2026 Financial Presentation - Q2 Results 17, Oct | 2025 2025 - 2026 Financial Presentation - Q1 Results 18, July | 2025 know more NSE (Reliance) As on Dec 18, 2025 | 14:39 ₹0.00 0.00 (0.00%) VOLUME 0 BSE (Reliance) As on Dec 18, 2025 | 14:39 ₹0.00 0.00 (0.00%) VOLUME 0 Life at Reliance Why work at Reliance? Reliance Industries Limited is one of the biggest private sector employers in India. With the help of a robust, consistent, and meritocratic framework for people management, Reliance continues to maintain an inclusive, progressive, and high-performance environment, where purpose-driven talent is enabled with unprecedented access to opportunities for growth. MEET OUR PEOPLE SEARCH & APPLY Subscribe to our news alerts Email The subscriber's email address. Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter. Footer menu About Our History Founder-Chairman Chairman & Managing Director Board of Directors Board Committees Awards Our Impact Corporate Social Responsibility JioGenNext Innovation Research & Technology Development Products & Brands Manufacturing Locations Sustainability Decarbonisation Net-Zero Carbon Health, Safety & Environment Businesses New Energy & New Materials Digital Services-Jio Retail Energy Petrochemicals Media & Entertainment eB2B Customers Suppliers Notices Partner Code of Conduct Investors Financial Reporting Shares Events & Presentations Subsidiaries & Associates Shareholders' Information Resource Centre Notice Of Forfeiture News & Media Press Releases Resource Centre Events Careers Working at Reliance Group Equal Opportunity Policy Search and Apply Quick Links Ajio Jio Jio-bp JioMart Jio World Centre Mumbai Indians Nita Mukesh Ambani Cultural Centre Reliance Foundation Reliance Retail Tira Contact Us Fraud Alert - Global © 2025 Reliance Industries Limited. All rights reserved. Subscribe to our news alerts Email The subscriber's email address. Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter. Footer Last Privacy Policy Legal Notice Report Security Issue Top