Solutions
Platform
Partners
Resources
About Us
Contact
Log In
Request Demo
EN
Create stories that
engage your users
using a content experience platform

Harness the power of AI Editorial Assistants to enhance storytelling and empower your team to create immersive content experiences.

Contact us
AI Assistants
We create solutions that allow media companies to stay ahead of competition
Focus on creating stories thanks to support of AI Assistants
Free up your editors of repetitive tasks and save their time with AI Editorial Assistants' support. Advising, creating, and generating - all to maximize your team's efficiency. Increase content quality with data from the Analytics Kit.
Increase user engagement
Deliver better content to the audience. Build personalized experiences with machine learning-based user segmentation, publishing automation, AI Smart Assistants and an Analytics Kit that give editors more space to create high-value content.
Shape your tech stack as you want
Respond quickly to business needs with a choice of front-end technologies and integrations that give you a lot of flexibility. Gain freedom – use what is currently most important to your business and easily add new things when needed.
Perfect solutions for

Learn all the possibilities of how the Ring Publishing can help you grow your business

Business Leader
Content Creators
IT Leaders
Let’s create something engaging together

Explore an innovative solution with the most reliable team you'll ever work with.

Contact us
Case studies
A truly composable content experience platform

Creation, distribution, AI automation, AI assistance, openness to integrations, and more! Ring Publishing is a modular platform that can run independently or be integrated with your tech stack.

Powered by experience
Cloud-Native SaaS
Modular solutions
Easy to use
Made by journalist and engineers
A tool created by experts in journalism and publishing technology in line with prevailing trends, tried and tested in editorial offices. Innovate at no risk with our media-specialized team – from creating new products and optimizing existing ones to testing new formats and integrating solutions with your favorite tools.
Ring Publishing by the numbers

countries

15

years of experience

20+

media sites

60+

real-users monthly

40m
We are certified AWS partner

We passed the Foundational Technical Review with AWS experts, confirming the high quality of our safety, reliability, maintenance, and AWS Well-Architected Framework. Trust our solutions with confidence.

Certified AWS Partner
AWS Qualified Software
What our clients say:

We strive to provide exceptional products, services, and innovative solutions for our clients. They know they can always rely on us. And they are not wrong.

In terms of lauchning the app – I can say it was truly a seamless experience with no major bumps. I truly appreciate all the work that you and the team put in. We have gotten so much positive feedback.

Danielle Feldman

Executive Director, Product Management

Case study

The system was implemented entirely online. The agile set up enabled seamless communication through sprints and collaborative tools. Besides achieving its objectives, the project enabled teams on both sides to feel energised and eager to learn from each other and provide a fast, reliable, user-focused product.

Daniel Schraeder

Content Development Manager

Case study

Since the very beginning of our collaboration in 2019, Ringier Axel Springer and 1plusX have been unifying technologies and key skills to bring radical change to the publishing industry.

Jürgen Galler

CEO & Co-founder

Case study

Start telling your story

Partner with a leading content creation company to build great solutions.

Success stories
Let's start
Ringier Axel Springer Poland
Warsaw Office
ul. Domaniewska 49
02-672 Warsaw, Poland
Krakow Office
al. 29 Listopada 20
31-401 Krakow, Poland
 Youtube
 Twitter
 Linkedin
Solutions by use case
Audience Growth & Engagement
Newsroom Efficiency
Content Experience Personalization
Product Development & Innovations
Omnichannel Distribution
Content Monetization
Flexibility & Scalability
Solutions by perspective
Business Leaders
Content Cretors
IT Leaders
Platform
Content Management
Content Personalization
Content Delivery
Smart Assistants
API
Analytics Kit
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Tutorials & Guidelines
Media Trends & Innovation newsletter
Reports
User Documentation
Developers Guide
Team
About Us
Partners
Work with Us
Contact Us
Copyright © Ring Publishing 2024

Ringier Axel Springer Polska is the leading publisher in the Polish digital market. We also provide a wide spectrum of integrated services and products, including technology services for the media industry. Our technological hub is the creator of Ring Publishing - content experience platform. It offers solutions to support content creation, management, and distribution, as well as tools to manage advertising inventory and to monetize media products.