Scams, reviews, complaints, lawsuits and frauds. File a report, post your review. Consumers educating consumers. Ripoff Report Needs Your Help! DONATE NOW! X |  CLOSE Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™ Your Account Your Profile Your Reports Logout Register Login Contact Us Update your Ripoff Report Who is ED Magedson – Founder, Ripoff Report Consumers Say Thank You In The Media Ripoff Report Investigates How to get Ripoff Revenge & your money back too! Repair Your Reputation The Right Way Programs & Services Corporate Advocacy Program - Verified Status Guardian+ Program - Verified Status Verified Status Explained VIP Arbitration Help & FAQs FAQs - General Questions Legal Issues Consumer Resources Verified Business Directory Legal Directory Toggle navigation Your Profile Your Reports Logout Login Register Home Update a Report Programs & Services VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program - Verified Status Guardian+ Program - Verified Status Verified Status Explained How To Get Your Report Featured On All Report Pages Help & FAQs FAQs - General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us Consumer Resources Verified Business Directory Legal Directory Consumers Say Thank You In The Media Ripoff Report Investigates Repair Your Reputation The Right Way Who's crazy enough to start this website? Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™ Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported.™ by consumers, for consumers... Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™ FILE A REPORT ...it's Free! Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories Latest Reports Advanced Search Total Visits since 1997 : 9,008,617,292 Estimated Money Consumers Saved since 1997 : $15,765,080,261.01 Reports filed: 2,137,410 Update a Report Programs & Services Corporate Advocacy Program - Verified Status Guardian+ Program - Verified Status Verified Status Explained VIP Arbitration Business Name Monitoring Personal Name Monitoring How To Get Your Report Featured On All Report Pages Help & FAQs FAQs - General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us Consumer Resources Verified Business Directory Legal Directory Consumers Say Thank You In The Media Ripoff Report Investigates Repair Your Reputation The Right Way Corporate Advocacy Program Repair Your Reputation The Right Way Corporate Advocacy Program Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from the rest. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements. Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business. Get Started Search Reports Search by Company, Individual or Report Number: Company Name or Report # Search Advanced Search or Browse Latest Reports 2,685,534 reports filed Updated:12/31/2025 19:27:14 PM MST Corporate Advocacy Program Ripoff Report Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation &
                Customer Satisfaction Program / Consumer Awareness Videos Ripoff Report Verified® ...  part of Ripoff Report Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation & Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business...yes, a long name for a program that does a lot for both consumers and businesses alike. Victim of a consumer Rip-off? Want justice? Ripoff Report® is a worldwide consumer reporting Web site and publication, by consumers, for consumers, to file and document complaints about companies or individuals. While we encourage and even require authors to only file truthful reports, Ripoff Report does not guarantee that all reports are authentic or accurate. Be an educated consumer. Read what you can and make your decision based upon an examination of all available information. Unlike the Better Business Bureau, Ripoff Report does not hide reports of "satisfied" complaints. ALL complaints remain public and unedited in order to create a working history on the company or individual in question. Ripoff Reports cover every category imaginable! You can browse the Latest Reports , Search the Reports, or Submit your report now for FREE, by clicking on File Report . By filing a Ripoff Report it's almost like creating your own web site ..And, it's FREE. Your Ripoff Report will be discovered by millions of consumers! Search engines will automatically discover most reports, meaning that within just a few days or weeks, your report may be found on search engines when consumers search, using key words relating to your Ripoff Report. Helping you, the consumer... Search the Ripoff Report before you do business with retail stores with bad return policies, checking & credit theft, rebate fraud or other unscrupulous business policies such as phony auto repairs, auto dealer bait-and-switch tactics, restaurants with bad service or food, corrupt government employees & politicians, police corruption, home builders, contractors, unethical doctors & lawyers, online stores that sell non-existent products, dead beat dads & moms, landlords & tenants, fraudulent employment & business opportunities, and individual con artists who scam consumers. Filing a class action lawsuit & notifying the authorities Many law firms and law enforcement agencies utilize Ripoff Report to aid in their investigations of business practices. By filing a report, your information may aid in pursing civil or criminal proceedings against companies engaged in wrongdoing. Ripoff Report has been contacted by almost every state Attorney Generals office, U.S. Postal Inspectors office, the Justice Department, Homeland Security, FBI, FTC and local and state authorities, including those in Canada, UK, Australia, and other government agencies around the world. Media attention Quite often the media is interested in the reports you filed and ask us to assist in their investigations giving you the publicity needed to help your cause. In the event your Ripoff Report is of interest to the media, we will put you in contact with them. We also supply story ideas along with victim information to every network and most local affiliates and to every major TV News Magazine including Dateline, 20/20, 48 Hours, 60 Minutes, Inside Edition, W2 Canada, CNN, along with most major news papers including, NY Times, Wall Street Journal, Forbes, Money, Inc. and hundreds of others. Helping you, the reported business or individual My company has been reported! How do I respond? If you are a business with one or more reports filed against you, you can make it right. If handled correctly, Ripoff Report(s) filed against you can actually help improve your credibility and reputation. We offer you, for FREE, the opportunity to file a REBUTTAL to any report. (See the “REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!” at the top of the specific Report  you wish to comment on or the “Respond to this report!” button at theend of the specific Report you wish to comment on). Every company receives complaints, but how they handle those complaints separates good business from the rest.. If you want to do more than file a rebuttal, you might consider using Ripoff Report’s VIP Arbitration Program . The arbitration program gives you the opportunity to prove, through a neutral third-party arbitrator, that the report about you is false. Ripoff Report developed the program in response to phone calls and emails from businesses like you -- those who have worked hard to create a good reputation and are having that reputation unjustly tarnished because of a false posting on Ripoff Report. Because Ripoff Report has never had the internal resources to investigate reports that a business claims is false, it has always permitted the subject of the report to file its own, free, Rebuttal. But some of you feel that is not enough. You have asked for more. You want the ability to prove it is false. You want an independent investigation. Perhaps most importantly, you want the false statements of fact removed. We listened to your concerns and launched VIP Arbitration in response. Here’s how it works. We have contracted with private arbitrators who have extensive experience, including experience as judges in court. You submit a written arbitration statement identifying the specific false statements in the Report, and/or explaining that the report was posted by a competitor pretending to be a customer. You are also given the opportunity to support your position with documentary evidence and/or sworn declarations. There is a filing fee of $2,000 to pay for the arbitrator’s time and for administration of the program. The author of the Report is then given the opportunity to respond and you are given the opportunity to reply. The arbitrator then reviews all of the submissions and renders a written decision. In the event that the arbitrator determines that the challenged statements of fact in the Report are true, there will be no updates or changes to the website. If the Arbitrator finds that statements in the Report are false, the title of the Report will be updated, posting this phrase BEFORE the original title: "Notice of Arbitrator Decision: A neutral and independent arbitrator has determined that the following Report contained one or more false statements of fact. The false statements have been redacted." A summary of the  arbitrator’s decision will be posted after the title and before the original content of the report. Any statements of fact that the arbitrator determines to be false will be removed (((REDACTED))) from the original report. If you think this program may be right for you take the next step and, click here to learn more about how to get started with the VIP Arbitration Program . Another option is the Corporate Advocacy Program. Businesses that want to make a real difference should read about the very successful, groundbreaking and innovative program that both businesses and consumers are raving about. This program is a way businesses can turn negatives into a positive. Ripoff Report Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program is a program that benefits the consumer, assuring them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business. For more information, visit our Corporate Advocacy section. Thinking of suing Rip-off Report? If you are considering filing a lawsuit against Rip-off Report, click here for important information about applicable federal law. Do you really want to sue Rip-off Report? ..you really need to read this link. Employee insider / ex-employee information If you are an employee or ex-employee with information about a reported company or individual, please click on the REBUTTAL box at the end of the Ripoff Report to post your comments. This sort of information is often very helpful to an investigation. Whistleblowers Employees who want to expose corruption may file a Ripoff Report. Any employees who do so should be protected by Federal Whistleblower Laws, and Ripoff Report treats all victims as a confidential source. We will protect our sources under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. DOING BUSINESS WITH THE COMPANY OR INDIVIDUAL REPORTED Consumers, just because a company or individual is reported on Rip-off Report does not necessarily mean you should not do business with them. In many cases, it’s just the opposite. Just because a company is posted on Rip-off Report does not mean they are "bad". At some point in time, everyone has felt like they've been ripped off, when that may not have been the case. Not everything published on the Internet, or local newspapers, or local TV news is always true. Many stories, no matter where you see them, may have a bias slant. Being short on space or only having less than 2 minutes to do a story where important facts are left out can change the entire story. Rip-off Report feels consumers reading the unedited experiences of other consumers, without editorial involvement, are getting the best consumer opinion/news available. Our detractors would like to tell you differently. Savvy consumers need to take in all the information they can find and use it as an advantage. Consumers who investigate and obtain information about a company from a number of sources will be able to make more educated decisions, because they know what to watch for. By reading Rip-off Report, or any other publication containing information about businesses, you, the consumer, now know more about that business than its competitors. More than likely the competitor has the same issues. Let the reported business know you’ve read complaints about them, that you would like to do business with them, and get affirmation from the company that if you do business with them, they will do right by you. Let them know that if they treat you right, you will log on to Rip-off Report and tell the world what a great experience you’ve had. All companies make mistakes. It is the ones that learn from their mistakes that will benefit the consumers the most. "An educated consumer is our best reader" USE YOUR REPORT TO GET WHAT IS COMING TO YOU Faxing your Ripoff Report to the company or individual you have just reported can serve as a very valuable negotiating tool. Include in your negotiation that you have the ability to UPDATE your Report and reflect their good business practices by explaining that their eagerness to satisfy the complaint and make things right will be seen by the entire world. Also, explain that failure to respond/rectify the situation will also be seen. YOU MUST NOT call them threatening to file a report if they do not comply with your demands, as this may be construed as blackmail! You must first file a Ripoff Report, then fax them a copy, offering them a chance to rectify the wrong that they did to you. Explain that then, and only then, you will UPDATE your Ripoff Report in a positive way, if deserved. Organizing class action lawsuits Victims & lawyers who want to sue companies or individuals reported Victims & attorneys who are interested in pursuing litigation against a particular company reported on this website must contact us directly. It is inappropriate to solicit business using this website other than through prior arrangement. This is largely because we need to ensure, the best we can, that our readers are not being taken advantage of again. If you are interested in filing a class action lawsuit based on Reports you’ve seen posted, and you want to identify a class representative, we can help by e-mailing those victims that gave permission and asking them to contact you. In this way, we protect victim identities while allowing them to make the decision as to whether to participate or not. Additionally, if you would like to know whether any new reports are being posted AS THEY GET POSTED, such as during the early stages of an investigation, you may be interested in our upcoming Ripoff Alerts program. We’ll update you shortly on how you can participate in these valuable programs. We are anxious and willing to join forces with victims and attorneys to stand up for the rights of consumers and help them get justice. Both victims and attorneys should send their e-mails to: Legal@RipoffReport.com . It's important to file on Ripoff Report because we're important to government and media agencies Many sites and organizations (like the BBB) are in place to collect information from you, the consumer, but in many cases, those reports never become available for others to see. Listing your complaint on Ripoff Report insures that your report will be seen, and not just placed in a a database where only privileged eyes can see them. Making your report available on Ripoff Report helps educate consumers. Many government agencies come to the Ripoff Report for information. We have assisted, and continue to assist, many government agencies, including local and state police departments, the FBI, FTC and Attorney General offices from around the country. Since all the Reports are out in the open, consumers, journalists, attorneys and investigators from all types of agencies can research existing problems and anticipate potential problems. We provide immediate access to all kinds of fraud and scams, all out in the open, all unedited and all for FREE. Reporting your experiences on Ripoff Report is the next best thing to getting your story on TV or in a newspaper. In fact, many national TV networks and several local TV stations from all around the country come to the Ripoff Report for information. They do this because they know other agencies are not as reliable or as cooperative a source as the Ripoff Report. News stations know that they will get information from us that is unobtainable elsewhere. By filing a Ripoff Report, you might be contacted by one of us to notify you to make contact with a law firm that has shown interest in your case. We get requests every week for class action lawsuits, bringing victims together with lawyers willing to sue the company after reading your Ripoff Report. Get a company or individual listed on Top Ripoff Report Links If there are more than five (5) Reports filed from different consumers on a company or individual then you can request they be added to the list. Ripoff Report will verify that the Reports are filed by different people. Send request to EDitor@RipoffReport.com . Scams, reviews, complaints, lawsuits and frauds. File a report, post your review. Consumers educating consumers. Popular Reports ● Mercury Marilla ● Joseph Frontiera ● Lafayette Funding ● Angel OAK Prime Bidge ● Trade Like Chuck ● Stealth Profits Trader DR Barton ● Tickbox TV ● Colonial Penn Life Insurance ● Punch Televison Network ● Wealthy Affiliate ● Health Science Institute ● Revboost ● Victoria Brides ● Sale Guru ● DR Sebi ● 300 Dollar Data Recovery ● Experiancomscan ● Ultimate Living Dallas Texas ● Advanage the Wonder Cleaner ● Deal Dash ● National Companies Team National ● Ashley Black Fasciology ● The Shepherds Diet ● Swiftunlocks ● Allumiderm Allumineye Skin Cream ● Cheapgrandtraderu ● Timothy Sykes ● TVC Marketing ● Careerapplyorg ● Execrank ● Naked Wines ● Blink Health ● Fran Calista ● USA Fashion Factory ● Joe Novoseller ● Kanoa ● Chuck Hughes Inner Circle ● University of the People ● Western Governors University ● Truffoire ● Mobe ● People Helping People ● Health Sciences Institute ● TV FOX Antenna ● Number One Music N1M ● Ellys World ● Beaute Wrinkle Reducer ● Alex Becker SEO ● Premier Financial Alliance PFA ● Bella Serata CAP members ● 1 Air ● 1040taxbiz ● 180fusion ● 4 Pillars Consulting Group ● A Forever Recovery ● A to Z Renovations ● A&A Marketing, Inc ● African Development Funding Group ● Air Rescue ● Alexander Miller & Associates ● algorithmictrading.net ● Allen Marketing Group ● Alpha Seven Energy ● Altig ● America Auto Care LLC ● American Home Free Mortgage ● American Income Life ● American Management Services, Inc ● American Power and Gas ● Andrew Ress ● Andrew Weiss ● Aqua Care ● Armstrong Steel ● Arthur Glosman DDS Cosmetic & Restorative Dentistry ● AsSeenOnTv.pro ● Atlas Survival ● Automotive Training Institute ● Best Drug Rehab ● Beverly Hills Hair Restoration ● Beyond Breakeven, Inc ● Biologic Solutions ● Blue World Pools ● Boca Beauty Academy, LLC ● Bolin Architecture ● BRADLEY B. HARRIS ● Brandefined ● Branson's Nantucket ● Bresalier and Associates, PA ● BRIC ● Brighter Brain ● Cal 2 Coast Lighting ● California Southern University ● Capital Corp Merchant Banking ● cemetery.us.org ● Central Business Funding, Inc ● CGTV ● Champion Truck Lines llc ● Chaturbate ● Chris Atteo ● ClearPath Lending ● Clever Investor ● Community Tax Relief ● Consolidated Credit Counseling Services ● Construction Training LLC ● CRE-Finance LLC ● Creative Tax Solutions LLC ● Cutter Financial Group ● David Galler DDS ● David Weinstein ● Davison ● Dean Graziosi ● Dhillon Management ● Dimensional Roofing & Diagnostics, LLC ● Ding King Training Institute ● Direct Outbound Services ● DMV.us.org ● Dog Food Advisor ● Dr Lana Rozenberg DDS ● Dr Simon Ourian ● Dr. Haworth ● Dr. Kevin sands ● Dutch Mendenhall ● Earl Rahn ● East Coast Wholesale ● Effective immediately PR ● Einstein Industries ● Elite Client Services ● Elite Farms Inc ● Emonics LLC ● Eniva ● Equities First Holdings ● Family Roots ● Faraday Construction LLC ● FindMyCompany.com ● First Cornerstone Group LLC ● First Down Funding ● First Premier Funding LLC ● florida hog hunts ● Florida Water Analysis ● FortuneBuilders ● Frontier Merchant Capital Group ● Future Buildings ● Gerald Pitts ● global financial training ● Go Touch Down Travel and Tours ● GoldCo ● Government Tax Lien Network ● GP&M Advisory Services ● GrandTetonProfessionals.com ● Great Western Building Systems, LLC ● Southwest Wildlife Conservation Center Ripoff Report Needs Your Help! Protecting Your Free Speech Is Expensive! Donate Now! Drug Rehab Treatment Centers: Ripoff Report Investigates Corruption within Rehab Addiction Treatment Centers Rocked By Fraud & Abuse in the USA.  Ripoff Report is dedicated to helping consumers navigate through corruption, lies and fraud. This is rampant in the Drug Rehab industry. Learn how to spot a corrupt addiction treatment center by reading our Rehab Investigation Report on a collection of drug rehab criminal stories from across the Internet. Newest Ripoff Reports 12/30/25 | Toledo, OH MacKenzie Fowler  - MacKenzie Fowler AKA Kendra Lucas County, Wood County, Handcock County Escort / Scammer / Fraud Toledo OH 12/30/25 | Las Vegas, Nevada Animal Emergency Center of LV&H   - Animal Emergency Center of LV&H Scams and Euthanizers Las Vegas Nevada 12/30/25 | Findlay, Ohio Gary Lentz - Gary Lentz Charged with SOLICITATION OF A MINOR (Continues to Solicit Prostitutes) Findlay Ohio 12/30/25 | Yonkers, NY Apex Hudson Riverfront - Apex Hudson Riverfront twocoastliving.com show you an apartment, then demand 2x the rent in income, NOT low income housing with CityFHEPS voucher Yonkers NY 12/30/25 | Toronto , Ontario Ibogaine Rehab Center - Ibogaine Rehab Center Never sent the product Toronto Ontario Canada 12/30/25 | Sheridan, Wyoming Dogwise Academy  - Dogwise Academy Dogwise.com Dog Training Misleads The Public and Refuses to Refund Money Sheridan Wyoming 12/30/25 | San Francisco, California Door Dash - DoorDash Fraudulently reported income San Francisco California 12/30/25 | , Mordovets Andrey Dmitrievich - Mordovets Andrey Dmitrievich Mordovets Andrii Dmytrovych Mordovets Andrey Dmitrievich Мордовец Андрей Дмитриевич Мордовец Андрій Дмитрович Andermor dating agency Unpaid wages after online employment with dating project Andermor Mordovets Andrey Dmitrievich 12/30/25 | Delray Beach, Florida Gold Pharma - Gold Pharma purchased a product from https://goldpharma.com/ from their mailing advertising. I asked gold Pharma to refund my purchase price, I did not receive the product ordered.  Asked for my refund, gold Pharma did not respond, a typical ripoff to my request. Beware of these type of scams. Delray Beach Florida 12/30/25 | , hesimplifiedtrader.com - thesimplifiedtrader.com The Simplified Trader Paid for Trading Service – No Access Provided, Refund Refused In The Media Ripoff Report on CBS 19 Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair See more videos Featured Ripoff Reports Past Featured Reports Featured Ripoff Reports Advertisers above have met our strict standards for business conduct . Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues Privacy Policy Terms of Service General Questions and Suggestions Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests FAQ About Us Contact Us Copyright © 1997-2025, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved. Customer Service and More Fix Your Reputation The Right Way: Corporate Advocacy Program In the Media Faq General Questions and Suggestions For Media Only: Help With Victim Info For Government Requests Only Customer Support for Technical Issues Terms of Service About Us Want to sue Ripoff Report? Thank You Emails! Donate to our Efforts Contact Us Who is ED Magedson - Founder, Ripoff Report Total Visits since 1997: 8,986,978,521 Estimated amount consumers saved since 1997: $ 15,590,010,907 Copyright © 1997-2025 Ripoff Report. All rights reserved. X What do hackers , questionable attorneys and fake court orders have in common? ...Dishonest Reputation Management Free speech rights compromised WATCH News Segment Now