Rhode Island School of Design Skip to main content Home About Academics Admissions Financial Aid Giving News and Events Student Hub Toggle Search Toggle Menu Overlay Home About Mission and Values Leadership Social Equity and Inclusion Strategy and Planning Community Partnerships Planning, Design & Construction (PDC) RISD Activism History and Tradition Distinguished Honorees Policies and Disclosures Visiting Campus Working Here Contact Academics Undergraduate Study Graduate Study Liberal Arts Concentrations Search Course Listings Academic Leadership Faculty Academic and Creative Partnerships Campus Resources Academic Advising Brown + RISD RISD Global Summer Programs Wintersession Academic Calendar Terra Carta Design Lab Admissions First-Year Transfer Graduate Meet Our Students Meet Our Alumni Online Info Sessions Schedule a Tour Giving Initiatives RISD Fund Ways of Giving Resources for Donors Donor Recognition Endowment Our Team RISD Alumni RISD Families News and Events Student Stories Faculty Stories Alumni Stories On-Campus Exhibitions Annual Events For Press Events Calendar Student Financial Services Billing and Payment Undergraduate Aid Graduate Aid Student Accounts Disclosures Contact Emergency Information Emergency Updates Inclement Weather Emergency Operations Command Team (EOCT) Emergency Policies and Procedures Guidance on Federal Regulations and Executive Orders Community Resources Travel Immigration International students, employees and scholars Gender / Title IX / Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Research, Grants, and Federal Funding Home Expand Home About Expand About Mission and Values Leadership Social Equity and Inclusion Strategy and Planning Community Partnerships Planning, Design & Construction (PDC) RISD Activism History and Tradition Distinguished Honorees Policies and Disclosures Visiting Campus Working Here Contact Academics Expand Academics Undergraduate Study Graduate Study Liberal Arts Concentrations Search Course Listings Academic Leadership Faculty Academic and Creative Partnerships Campus Resources Academic Advising Brown + RISD RISD Global Summer Programs Wintersession Academic Calendar Terra Carta Design Lab Admissions Expand Admissions First-Year Transfer Graduate Meet Our Students Meet Our Alumni Online Info Sessions Schedule a Tour Giving Expand Giving Initiatives RISD Fund Ways of Giving Resources for Donors Donor Recognition Endowment Our Team RISD Alumni RISD Families News and Events Expand News and Events Student Stories Faculty Stories Alumni Stories On-Campus Exhibitions Annual Events For Press Events Calendar Student Financial Services Expand Student Financial Services Billing and Payment Undergraduate Aid Graduate Aid Student Accounts Disclosures Contact Emergency Information Expand Emergency Information Emergency Updates Inclement Weather Emergency Operations Command Team (EOCT) Emergency Policies and Procedures Guidance on Federal Regulations and Executive Orders Expand Guidance on Federal Regulations and Executive Orders Community Resources Travel Immigration International students, employees and scholars Gender / Title IX / Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Research, Grants, and Federal Funding Featured Sites Student Hub Alumni Career Center Continuing Education Events Calendar Families Association Nature Lab RISD Museum Student Financial Services RISD Identity Guidelines Registrar RISD First Year in Florence Program Modeled on our EFS curriculum, this one-semester program for first-year students is a unique, immersive option for students beginning their RISD journey. Close Fulltext search At Rhode Island School of Design, you’ll join a creative project that started in 1877 At Rhode Island School of Design, you’ll join a creative project that started in 1877 At Rhode Island School of Design, you’ll join a creative project that started in 1877 Scroll to next section RISD is a college and museum located in Providence, Rhode Island Explore Our Programs Online Info Sessions Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to pause or play the video An immersive, cross-disciplinary environment where making begins with a question Undergraduate Graduate Continuing Education Pre-Collegiate Museum Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to pause or play the video We generate and challenge the ideas that shape our future Meet our students Meet our alumni Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Resume motion Upcoming events 6 pm  |  Jan 14 Martin Luther King, Jr. Celebration Join Social Equity and Inclusion and the President’s Office as we come together for our annual MLK Series event. More details coming soon! Image 6–7:30 pm  |  Jan 8 Ceramics Triennial Opening The Ceramics department welcomes the RISD community back to campus for the Ceramics Triennial , on view in Woods-Gerry Gallery through February 15. Image 7–9 pm  |  Jan 22 Furniture Design Graduate Biennial Opening The Furniture Design department welcomes the RISD community to their Graduate Biennial , on view in the Sol Koffler Gallery through February 15. See All Events It Starts with a Question It Starts with a Question , a new video interview series hosted by RISD President Crystal Williams , features conversations with thought leaders, art and design luminaries, and other notable creatives and changemakers. In the latest episode, award-winning author, illustrator, and alum Brian Selznick and President Williams sit down to discuss the importance of queer representation, bravery in the face of censorship, and finding inspiration and motivation. ALUMNI SPOTLIGHT Life After RISD: Juan Carlos Noguera The empathic industrial designer and educator discusses how his own identity enables him to find unique solutions and effect positive change. Read the Interview Image Life After RISD: Juan Carlos Noguera The empathic industrial designer and educator discusses how his own identity enables him to find unique solutions and effect positive change. Read the Interview Latest stories Hear more about RISD’s community of artists, designers and scholars. RISD Students Share Thought-Provoking Work at Final Fall 2025 Critiques From Apparel Design to Textiles, campus hummed with innovative approaches and generative discussions the week before the winter break. Students Translate Scripts into Visuals in RISD Storyboarding Studio Film/Animation/Video students presented their final projects in December, considering such aspects as camera angle, composition, pacing, and framing. RISD Students Envision Water-Generating Skyscrapers in Interdisciplinary Studio Spanning Architecture and Industrial Design, the fall course builds on cutting-edge atmospheric water-generating technology. The NSF and Carnegie Corporation Support Groundbreaking Research at RISD New grants totaling over $1.6 million fund the study of everything from inclusive research approaches to carbon exchange in the Antarctic’s Southern Ocean to automated 3D textile manufacturing. RISD’s First Year in Florence Program Immerses Students in Culture, Craft, and Community Nearly two dozen first-year students began their college journey immersed in Italian culture. RISD-HMG Research Partnership Explores Tangible Futures in Advanced Biodesign Fall 2025 Regeneration Studio focuses on biomimicry research in structures, materials, mechanisms, and interfaces. see more stories ALUMNI SPOTLIGHT Liz Collins: Motherlode A new exhibition at the RISD Museum presents the first-ever US survey of work by artist and RISD alum Liz Collins 91 TX/MFA 99. Liz Collins: Motherlode brings together 30-plus years of large-scale sculptural pieces, fashion, needlework, drawings and ephemera that speak to the artist’s devotion to her medium and to her community. on view through January 11, 2026 Exhibition Overview Image Liz Collins: Motherlode A new exhibition at the RISD Museum presents the first-ever US survey of work by artist and RISD alum Liz Collins 91 TX/MFA 99. Liz Collins: Motherlode brings together 30-plus years of large-scale sculptural pieces, fashion, needlework, drawings and ephemera that speak to the artist’s devotion to her medium and to her community. on view through January 11, 2026 Exhibition Overview Latest from #RISD View all 1 / 6 Thank you to all of the artists and designers whose work is featured here. From top to bottom: Bhen Allen MFA 22 PT (photo by Jo Sittenfeld MFA 08 PH), Alexander Kern BArch 21, photo of 20 Washington Place by Bruce Damonte, Kaori Yasunaga 21 FAV, Kunyue Qi BArch 21 & Jen Chenyu Zhang BArch 21, Qihang Li 20 PR, Meredith Binnette 20 FAV, Miguel Enrique Lastra MFA 22 CR, Jon Key 13 GD, Nickole Klarou 21 FAV, Tanya Aguiñiga MFA 05 FD (photo by Gina Clyne), Jackie Oh 22 AP/FAV, Michael Maltzan BArch 85 (image courtesy of Michael Maltzan Architecture), Julia Chien 22 FAV. Rhode Island School of Design 20 Washington Place Providence, RI 02903-1358 USA 1 401 454-6100 Connect Contact RISD Offices Directory Visit Campus Schedule a Tour Community Partnerships Jobs at RISD Alumni Families Association About Leadership Mission and Values Strategic Plan 2020–2027 Learn Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Continuing Education Pre-College Programs Fleet Library Quick Links Academic Calendar Admissions Give to RISD Health Services New & Incoming Students News and Events Policies and Disclosures Privacy Policy RISD Identity Guidelines RISD Museum Student Hub Tuition Payments facebook.com/risd1877 @risd on x @risd1877 on instagram @rhodeislandschoolofdesign on youtube