Skip to main content
FUTURE STUDENTS
CURRENT STUDENTS
PARENTS
FACULTY AND STAFF
ALUMNI
PARTNERS
REQUEST INFO
VISIT
APPLY
GIVE
Rochester Institute of Technology
News
Directory
myRIT
About
Academics
Experiential Learning
Admissions and Aid
Research
RIT Life
Athletics
Rochester Institute of Technology
Play/Pause Video
Video shows student life, research, and academic aspects of R I T, including a cheering crowd of first-year students, robotics research, V R technology, deaf culture, hot glass works, and the lacrosse and soccer teams.

Always on to something amazing

Join a creative and innovative university. A world leader in co-op. A community leveraging the power of technology, the arts, and design for the greater good. 

Explore Our Degree Programs

Bachelor’s
Master’s
Doctoral

First-Year Applications Due Soon

Apply by Jan. 1 for Early Decision II and by Jan. 15 for Regular Decision.

Application details

Join Us for Accepted Student Open House

Visit campus on March 28 or April 11 to meet faculty, tour campus, and ask your questions.

Schedule your visit

Latest News

Billboards, Big Shots, and bright futures: RIT’s year in social media

Top stories that shaped RIT in 2025

Opening of new Research Building will position RIT at the ‘forefront of discovery’

Club sports help students find their fit

More News | Get RIT News in your Inbox

#88

National Universities

Ranked among the top 100 of national universities

#43

Best Value

Cited for best value among national research universities

#5

Top School for Co-op or Internship Programs

Ranked among nation’s best in hands-on career preparation

Learn more about our rankings and recognition

Creativity and Innovation

Technology, the Arts, and Design

Commitment to Goodness

Co-op and Careers

Revolutionary Research

Global Engagement

Leadership in Sustainability

Welcoming and Inclusive Environment

Areas of Study
Art, Design, and Architecture
Business, Management, and Leadership
Communications and Digital Media
Computing and Information Sciences
Engineering and Engineering Technology
Environmental Studies and Sustainability
Game Design, Development, and Arts
Health Professions and Medical Sciences
Humanities, Social Sciences, and Education
Photography, Film, and Animation
Science and Math
Undeclared and Individualized Study
Faces of RIT

Improving Human-computer Interactions

Matt Huenerfauth
Professor

Improving interactions with online platforms for those with disabilities is the ultimate goal behind Huenerfauth’s research. By training designers to create and develop more accessible websites and mobile networks, a wider audience can connect to and benefit from these technologies.

The Sky’s the Limit

Aaron Gordon
Film and Animation

Gordon started Optic Sky, an animation company, after graduating from RIT with a degree in film. He helps develop new talent by inviting RIT students to work on his production crews.

Creating a Balanced, Equal World

Remy DeCausemaker
Communications and Media Technology
Public Policy

Open source software is integral to building a movement toward equality. For DeCausemaker, that meant creating a degree program in the School of Individualized Studies that targeted the specific areas of expertise he needed to craft the career path he wanted.

Evoking Emotion Through Music

Jonathan Kruger
Professor

A difficult task to accomplish, yet a joy to teach, Kruger enjoys composing for visual mediums. As chair of the Department of Performing Arts, Krugar focuses on enhancing a scene with music while keeping the audience immersed in the medium.

MetroGnome

Barrington Campbell
Game Design and Development

Tinkering, testing, designing, coding – it's what he does. Through RIT's game design program, Campbell and his team created a game that garnered attention from 20th Century Fox, leading him to an internship with the company.

A Creative Pipeline

Andrew Sevigny
Motion Picture Science

Sevigny is conducting research to help filmmakers translate what they create on their computers to a full cinematic experience.

The Spice of Life

Kate Ferguson
Finance and International Business

Variety is what Ferguson thrives on. And no day is ever the same for this double major who plays soccer and is involved in a range of activities at RIT.

The Power of Music

Becky Jasen
Physician Assistant

Jasen is a physician assistant major and the music director for RIT Players. She is applying her passion for music to research that studied how music can reduce pain and anxiety in pediatric patients.

Engineering Better Solutions

Poornima Padmanabhan
Assistant Professor

Professor Padmanabhan’s students engage in hands-on research experiences that help build a better future through the creation of advanced complex materials that can solve problems in solar energy, health care, agriculture, and more.

Learning to Learn

John Myers '83
Photography

For Myers, who has traveled the world to photograph people and places, RIT was key to preparing him to adapt to an ever-changing industry. The skills he honed as a student – curiosity, responsibility, communication skills – have enhanced his decades-long career as a photographer.

A Part of Something Bigger

Kimberly Hedger
Computer Engineering Technology

For Hedger, giving back is a special part of the RIT community that lets her impact the world, one service project at a time.

The Art of Negotiation

Shal Khazanchi
Department Chair and Professor, Department of Management

It’s more than mediating a good salary, negotiation is a predictor of success and a key life skill for all professionals.

Beyond Human

Jessica Wegman
Psychology Major

Seeing the world through the eyes of a different species is just one way we connect with the world around us. Through faculty-led research, Wegman is working to improve the quality of life for North American River Otters by studying their visual perception.

Advancing Neurotechnology

Harrison Canning
Innovation Science in Neurotechnology

The School of Individualized Studies enabled Canning to create a degree that combines studies in computer science, business, and neuroscience so he can build a business that can mass produce brain-computer interfaces to help people with disabilities.

Eye on the Prize

Lily Lautenschlager
Biomedical Photographic Communications

Lautenschlager's passion for helping others drew her to a co-op opportunity in the medical science field. Through hands-on experience studying the eye, Lily has secured a part-time job while she continues her education at RIT.

Expanding ASL

Tina Goudreau Collison
Professor of Chemistry

A complicated vocabulary and a lack of dedicated signs in American Sign Language makes Organic Chemistry a challenge for deaf and hard of hearing students. Collison worked with interpreters to develop new ASL signs, leading to profound learning improvements for her students.

The Physics of Animation

Mari Jaye Blanchard
Assistant Professor
School of Film & Animation

To create movement, Blanchard’s classes are full of motion, with students jumping, crawling, and walking to better understand the physics they are trying to draw.

Biodegradable Packaging

Carlos Diaz Acosta
Associate Professor

Diaz Acosta's research in sustainable packaging led his class to a biodegradable solution. Developing corn-based packaging is not only being used to counteract the amount of food waste going into landfills, but also making the world a more sustainable place.

Advancing the Success of Women

Shannon McHale
Cybersecurity

As head of public relations for Women in Computing, McHale strives to organize professional opportunities for its members, advancing women’s experience in computing majors, and giving back to a club that has given her so much.

Enhancing Reality

Kevin Kha
Imaging Science

Kha interned with Oculus testing their next generation of VR cameras, which have the potential to aid law enforcement and impact learning in schools. The internship turned into a full-time job, and Kha plans to work on enhancing the VR experience.

Connecting Kids to Science

Devon M Christman
Physics

Over the summer, Christman taught a workshop called “Experiments in Science” to a group of children from RIT’s Kids on Campus program. By helping to change their perspectives on who and what a scientist is, Christman is shaping the minds of tomorrow’s scientists.

Where You Belong

Corinne Mendieta
Mechanical Engineering Technology

Mendieta has found a home in student government. As vice president she makes sure that all students have what they need to succeed.

Love What You Do

David Even MBA '18
Vice President, W.G. Arthur Co.

Growing to love the business he began working for at 15, Even is now a vice president at W.G. Arthur Co. With a passion for helping others, Even learned from his mentors that treating people right is always the best policy.

Education: A Powerful Tool for Sustainability

Elizabeth Moore
Sustainability Ph.D.

Moore is researching nanomaterials and their use in clean energy technologies. She’s sharing this knowledge with future generations, who have the power to impact the environment.

Stepping Up

Ashley Kosak
Mechanical Engineering

It might be just a stool, but it represents more than reaching equipment in the Machine Shop. It’s a symbol of the heightened awareness and inclusivity of women in engineering at RIT. After graduation, Kosak wants to influence change by helping women pursue careers in engineering.

Architecture Is Awesome

Blair Benson
Architecture M.Arch.

When Blair changed careers she realized that it is never too late to pursue your passion. Now she embraces the collaborative nature of the design process, combining functionality, aesthetic appeal, and responsible practices in her architectural work.

Giving a Voice to a Community

Tianna Manon '15
Communication

As an alum of the journalism program, Manon has put into practice the storytelling platforms and opportunities She took advantage of at RIT. Today, Manon serves as editor-in-chief of Open Mic Rochester, an online magazine that gives a voice to Rochester’s black community.

Merging Past and Present

Devin Klibanow
3D Digital Design

RIT's Cary Graphics Art Collection allows students to view printing styles and graphic art from thousands of years ago. In order to preserve these artifacts, Klibanow is working with other students and faculty to create a virtual viewing experience.

Medicine's Future

Nicole Pannullo
Biochemistry

By working on a faculty-guided research project, Pannullo has gained hands-on research experience to pursue a future in regenerative medicine. It’s one way Pannullo is putting experiential learning to work.

A New Way to Tell Stories

Claire Wilcox
Undeclared Art and Design

By combining the performing arts with technology and design, Claire Wilcox is creating a storytelling dynamic that engages technology to share stories on film and on stage.

Relationships Are Key to Success

Jess Sudol '06
VP/Civil Dept. Manager - Passero Associates

Building relationships and honing communication skills are crucial skills for success in any field. Passero Associates has recognized the collaborative nature of RIT students. They continue to hire RIT students and graduates for their dynamic interpersonal skills as well as their knowledge.

Streaming Worldwide

Nate Bellavia
Film and Animation

RIT’s student-run radio station broadcasts to the Rochester community and streams worldwide. Bellavia, WITR’s music director, appreciates that RIT has a place where people who love music can bond over their passion and share that connection over the airwaves.

Always Evolving

Elizabeth Ruder
Assistant Professor

The field of nutrition is an ever-changing field where knowledge is always evolving. Ruder enjoys watching her students question what they know as they use hands-on experiences to contribute to future nutritional guidelines.

The AI Gateway

Humza Syed
Computer Engineering

Syed is pushing the world forward by developing algorithms that apply artificial intelligence to make everyday tasks easy and more efficient.

The Power of Architecture

Nana-Yaw Andoh
Assistant Professor, Department of Architecture

Nan-Yaw Andoh teaches his students that architecture is more than beautiful buildings. It's an element that can connect and unify communities.

Take the Leap

Michael Oshetski '03
CEO, Micatu Inc.

Focused on making the utility grid more efficient and sustainable, Oshetski, an RIT alum, has a passion for entrepreneurship. Turning a start-up into reality led him to sharing a key piece of advice: Just go for it.

Power Combination

Diana Solt BS ’10, MS ’17
Lead, Strategy Development
L3/Harris Corp. Communication Systems

Combining her technology degree with liberal arts provided Diana Solt the powerful combination she needed to develop business strategies for L3/Harris.

Headed to Google

Ethelia Lung
New Media Design

The skills Lung learned in the new media design major prepared her for an internship at Google. This career-related work experience, which turned into a full-time job, is just one of the ways experiential learning shapes a student’s future.

Where Science Meets Art

Zayneb Jaff
Pre-health Studies
Metals and Jewelry Design

Studying health studies has helped Jaff develop her logic and analytical skills. Adding a dual major in metals and jewelry design will prepare her well for medical school, where today's doctors must be both knowledgeable and innovative in their approaches to patient care.

Entrepreneurial Solutions for Environmental Problems

Sherwyn Millette
Sustainability Ph.D.

Millette is from Trinidad and Tobago, an island nation that needs a way to manage a waste problem in a country with limited space. Millette is exploring if a circular economy can be the solution.

The Excitement of Live Performance

Ted Canning
Adjunct faculty
Director of Steelband Ensemble

For Professor Ted Canning, music is a universal language anyone can learn. No matter your major, no matter your level of experience, you can make music part of your life at RIT.

Visual Exploration

Fred Beam '85

As outreach coordinator for Sunshine 2.0, a theater group at RIT's National Institute for the Deaf, Beam and his troupe provide performances and activities for deaf and hard-of-hearing children and adults that highlight the fields of deaf culture, literacy, and STEM.

Picture Perfect

Amelia Hamilton
Photography

With only a split second to get the perfect shot, Hamilton's passion for capturing emotion is an asset to creating authentic images in the moment.

Online Face-Off

Evan Hirsh
Computer Science

Trading gloves and helmets for a monitor and a mouse has ushered in a new era in sports: competitive, organized gaming. By mirroring professional eSports, the RIT eSports team pursues competitive gaming at the highest possible level, rivaling the excitement of traditional sports teams.

Innate Happiness

Amanda DeVito EMBA '19
Vice President of Client Engagement, Butler/Till Media

Happiness of employees and driving business outcomes are DeVito's main focus at Butler Till Media and Communications. Knowing all the work and energy she puts into driving a client's business is satisfaction in itself.

Bringing Deaf Culture to the Big Screen

Rydrea Walker
Design and Imaging Technology

Walker wants to share Deaf and hard-of-hearing stories to bridge the gap between cultures and represent the Deaf community in Hollywood.

Making a Positive Impact

Katherine Duffy
Sociology and International Relations

She’s a professional ballet dancer and a humanitarian who spends her free time volunteering at a children’s home in Haiti. Duffy created a degree program in the School of Individualized Study so she can one day establish a non-profit of her own.

Giving Back

Jennifer Wheeler, M.D. BS ’01
Biotechnology
Family Medicine

After 9/11, Wheeler enlisted in the US Army and served as a doctor in Afghanistan. Now, she practices family medicine and serves as a preceptor to RIT students who are embarking on their own careers in medicine.

More Than One Path

Berta Rivera
Applied Arts and Sciences

With the flexibility to shape her education around her professional and personal lives, Rivera has found the School of Individualized Study to be the pathway toward a fulfilling degree and a rewarding career that pays it forward.

Protecting Those Who Protect Us

Rachael Aho
Exercise Science ’17

Aho is putting her exercise science degree to work as a personal trainer who works with first responders. She helps firefighters stay in shape and prevent on-the-job injuries.

A Spit Take

Diamond Guy
Biomedical Sciences

Guy's biomedical science research is analyzing microbes linked to cardiac disease. She's hoping to keep the population healthy one vial of saliva at a time.

Previous
Next

See More
Faces of RIT videos

Events

January 8

NENY | RIT BDC Li-ion Cell Manufacturing Seminar

January 9

NENY | RIT BDC Li-ion Cell Manufacturing Seminar

January 19

Let Freedom Ring

January 21

Momentum I: Spring 2026 Cohort Interest Meeting

All Events   

Stay Connected
Loading...

Address and Phone

1 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester, NY 14623
585-475-2411

Website feedback Sign up for RIT news
About
Academics
Experiential Learning
Admissions and Aid
Research
RIT Life
Athletics
News

Copyright © Rochester Institute of Technology. All Rights Reserved.


Land Acknowledgment
Nondiscrimination
Disclaimer
Emergency Information
Copyright Infringement
Accessibility
Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies to provide better user experience and functionality. You can control and configure cookies in your web browser. Cookie Statement | How to Disable Cookies
OK