Rittal Home. Complex made simple – the guiding principle that makes Rittal perfect partner for you. – Enclosures, Power distribution, Climate control, IT infrastructure, Software & services, Automation We can help make your value-creating processes faster, more efficient and more precise. Homepage be top: AI – momentum for tomorrow? How can industry and IT seize their opportunities? Learn more Use intelligent automation to your advantage! Self-guided tour: Discover our solutions interactively! Find out here Gold for sustainability EcoVadis rating: Rittal is among the top 5 % worldwide Read more Rittal – The System. Benefit from a unique, unparalleled system platform for industry and IT. Find out more News Press release Multiplier for digitalisation and automation in action Meurer-etechnik is now a new Rittal and Eplan Application Center Partner Meurer-etechnik will become an active member of an expanding network that promotes and makes tangible digitalisation and automation in panel building and switchgear manufacturing. The Rittal and Eplan Application Center Partners provide practical... Read more Press release New issue of the Friedhelm Loh Group “be top” magazine AI momentum – be top magazine showcases opportunities for industry AI is everywhere. The opportunities are huge, including for industry – provided the new AI technologies from the digital economy can be combined with know-how from industry. The new issue of be top demonstrates exactly how this can be achieved.... Read more Customer magazine International projects Worldwide From mining and coffee production to energy supply – Friedhelm Loh Group solutions can be found wherever robust enclosures, reliable IT infrastructure and efficient engineering processes are called for. Read more Customer reference Beckhoff Automation A lightning start into mass production When manufacturing consumer electronics, larger quantities are often needed. This also applies to machines and manufacturing systems. When Beckhoff received the order to make several thousand controllers for testing machines, it quickly became apparent... Read more Press release The Rittal Foundation sends three fire engines to Ukraine Helping in times of need: Rittal Foundation donates three fire engines to Ukraine Three fire engines from Dillenburg will soon be deployed in Ukraine. This is being made possible by the Rittal Foundation and the Ukrainehilfe Breitscheid aid organisation. The vehicles scheduled for replacement are urgently needed in Kyiv. That is... Read more Press release EcoVadis rating: Rittal is among the top 5 per cent worldwide Gold for sustainability at Rittal This is a strong signal for the future: Rittal was not only successfully assessed by EcoVadis, but it was also awarded the gold medal for its sustainability, putting the company among the top 5 per cent worldwide. Read more Customer magazine ELE Verteilnetz GmbH (EVNG) Powering on in a blackout What happens if there’s a power cut and everything simply stops working – no emergency calls, no Internet and no shopping? What occurred in Spain in April 2025 couldn’t be repeated elsewhere, could it? Unfortunately, yes – and that includes Germany. In... Read more Customer reference BORA Excellence in cooking and cooling with Rittal IT BORA, the innovative manufacturer of premium kitchen appliances needed a new data centre. It was looking for a sustainable, resource-friendly solution that naturally also combined excellent reliability and security with high uptime and operational... Read more Press release Brilliantly digital: The Haiger plant shines through a high level of digitalisation A factory of the highest calibre: Rittal’s Haiger plant is the “Factory of the Year 2025” This plant is anything but ordinary: Rittal’s factory in Haiger, Hesse, has received a top award. It is the “Factory of the Year 2025” – one of the industry’s highest awards, for more than 30 years it has s only been given only to the best factories in... Read more Press release SPS 2025 Eplan and Rittal future-proof Automation in electrical engineering AI is in the starting blocks. Expectation is massive. But how can industry seize its opportunities and take automation to the next level with AI? Eplan , Rittal and Rittal Automation Systems will be providing answers at SPS 2025 under the motto... Read more Press release New Blue e+ chiller variants for industry, renewable energies and IT Rittal expands its liquid cooling portfolio By expanding its range in the field of liquid cooling for industrial and IT applications, Rittal now offers F-Gas-Regulation-compliant cooling solutions for almost every application area, from mechanical engineering to battery energy storage... Read more Customer reference WindCores + Rittal Data centre in a wind turbine In a unique project, a wind power operator and Rittal have joined forces to integrate carbon-neutral data centres into the towers of wind turbines. One of its highlights was the direct capture and use of climate-neutral electricity, including occasional... Read more Our industry products Our IT products Highlights Highlights Blue e+ fan-and-filter units Best in class The 40% greater air throughput of the Blue e+ fan-and-filter unit with pleated filter – compared to a chopped-fibre filter – is unrivalled by any other unit on the market. Especially impressive: the IoT capabilities of the EC fan-and-filter unit.... Read more Protection for trouble-free operation under the harshest conditions Robust outdoor enclosure meets smart climate control The intelligent modular system comprising enclosure and climate control components offers you a multitude of choices for configuration of an individual outdoor solution. Read more Sustainability that works Minimising CO₂ emissions – the Blue e+ way Discover the world's most efficient climate control solutions and smart service concepts to help reduce the carbon footprint of your machines and systems Read more Reducing the carbon footprint Blue e+ S cooling units The Rittal Blue e+ technology offers climate control solutions with the world’s highest energy efficiency. We have extended our product range to include the new “Blue e+ S” cooling units in the small output categories (300 – 1000 W) – with a new design... Read more Efficient process and equipment cooling VX25 TopTherm chiller VX25 TopThem chillers are compact in design yet have a wide range of cooling applications. They fit perfectly with all enclosures, have a minimum footprint, promise increased efficiency and are instantly available from stock. Read more Rittal ePOCKET The digital wiring plan pocket With the digital wiring plan pocket Rittal ePOCKET your equipment and system documentation is always up-to-date. What’s more, it can be accessed directly from any device, any time and anywhere. Read more Innovative cooling in your rack system Our rack-based cooling sets sustainability standards. Space-saving and efficient. Read more TX CableNet Raising cable management to a new level. Read more Automated machining processes From small enclosures to large control cabinets. Read more Charging infrastructure Charging infrastructure you can rely on. Read more Bring on the future The next generation of future-proofed IT infrastructures. Read more Lang GmbH Energy consumption per machine has now been halved CNC milling and engraving machines from Lang GmbH are in use all over the world. Similarly, energy efficiency and sustainability are also in demand worldwide. Thanks to Rittal’s Blue e+ chillers, mechanical engineering company Lang has taken an... Read more Other customers also visited the following pages: Contact If you have any questions or would like to speak to your local agent? Please use one of our many contact options. Read more Spare parts Select spare parts Find suitable spares for your Rittal Product. Read more Software We accelerate your processes Looking for an integrated software system for panel building and switchgear manufacturing? Looking for the industry standard? Welcome to Rittal and Eplan! We streamline and speed up your processes at every phase: from engineering, to... Read more Download centre Everything at a glance Here, you will find our latest catalogues, brochures and other technical and general information. Read more Software Our software .cls-1{fill:url(#Unbenannter_Verlauf_50);}.cls-2{fill:url(#Unbenannter_Verlauf_114);}.cls-3{fill:url(#Unbenannter_Verlauf_137);} Software solutions from Rittal and Eplan include expert support at every phase, from engineering, to procurement, through to manufacturing and operation. Learn more Rittal Innovation Center Enter the world of enclosure manufacturing 4.0 At the Rittal innovation and training center, we showcase the latest solutions for your value creation processes, from engineering to procurement, and from manufacturing through to operation. Learn more Success stories Our success stories Awards Awards See how others rate our innovative drive. Learn more Top employer See why it pays to join the Rittal team. Learn more Rittal Products Software Solutions Configuration Services Company Innovations Products All Rittal products at a glance Enclosures Power distribution Climate control Rittal Automation Systems IT infrastructure System accessories Configurators and software Spare parts Solutions Industries Enclosure manufacturing 4.0 Ecosystem IT References Technologies and trends Terms and Conditions Legals Terms and Conditions Data privacy Cookies Contact 2025 © Rittal GmbH & Co. KG