Riverside: HD Podcast & Video Software | Free Recording & Editing Connect with other creators, learn insider tips & get updates about new features Join the community No items found. Product Products Recording 4K video and audio recorder. Editing AI, text-based video editor. Live Streaming For livestreams in full HD. Webinars Host, record, and repurpose. Hosting Podcast publishing and analytics. Features Transcribing Magic Clips Captions Magic Audio AI Show Notes Async Recording AI Co-Creator Apps Mac App Mobile Apps Solutions For Podcasters Producers Marketers Use cases Podcasts Video marketing Webinars Learning & development Internal communications Virtual conferences Resources Learn Riverside University Blog Free tools Webinars Masterclass Community Case studies Creators Newsletter Community hub Recorded on Riverside Support Help Center Contact support Blog University For Business Pricing English Site language English Deutsch English English Deutsch Contact Sales Login Start for Free Start for Free Create your best content yet. Riverside is the AI-powered platform that lets you record, edit, repurpose, and distribute studio-quality content as easily as if you had a crew behind you. Podcasts Interviews Webinars Social clips Video marketing Transcriptions Start for Free *No credit card needed. Free plan available. Trusted by: End to end content creation. All in one flow. Record Record solo or with guests, in top quality. Edit Use the text-based editor, and AI when you want it. Repurpose Turn one recording into clips and more with AI. Stream Stream in HD to multiple destinations at once. Publish Publish straight to Youtube, Spotify and Apple. Start for Free From concept to content, without ever leaving Riverside. Start for Free Made with Riverside Studio-level quality. No studio required. Local recording for sharp video & audio Capture up to 4K video and uncompressed audio in separate tracks, unaffected by internet connection. High quality recording Download separate tracks Marsha Ready 3840 x 2160 WAV MP4 Stephen Ready 3840 x 2160 WAV MP4 All Speakers 3840 x 2160 WAV MP4 Let AI make you sound like a pro AI polishes your sound, removes noise, and makes any mic sound like it’s professional-grade no matter where it is. Listen Ali Abdaal | Content Creator & YouTuber with 6.4M subscribers “Riverside makes it incredibly easy to create high quality content right from your browser.” Start for Free Want to speed things up? Let AI jump in. Your episode’s ready Riverside’s AI turns your session into a polished cut complete with transcripts, show notes, and more. Edit further if you’d like, or share as is. Clips. Posts. Thumbnails. Headlines. Done. Our AI Co-Creator makes a full suite of promotional assets instantly, optimized for each channel so you can reach more of your audience. Hours of editing, done in seconds. Correct speech Said the wrong thing? Just fix the transcript. AI syncs your voice and lips to make it look like that’s what you said all along. Listen Remove filler words Let AI clean up filler words, silences, and fluff with one satisfying click. Fix eye contact Even when you and your guests aren’t looking at the camera, AI makes it look like you are. Generate B-roll Create video with just a prompt to use as B-roll in your content. Apply auto-layouts Let AI handle layout changes based on who’s speaking. Translate and dub Use AI to translate and dub your content into over 30 languages so your message travels farther than ever. Listen Start for Free Powerful editing. Purposefully simple. Edit recordings like a doc Just search, cut, copy, and paste right in the transcript to edit your videos with our text-based editor. Multi-track editing With separate track recording, you can easily remove crosstalk, change layouts, and more. Look and sound on-brand Add your logo, colors, intro, and outro once, then apply them with a click to stay consistent. Captions that match your vibe Get customizable animated captions in just one click, perfect for reels, TikToks, and more. Colin & Samir | YouTubers, 1.5M subscribers “Riverside is the best tool to cut down on editing time while keeping your production quality high.” Start for Free Podcast hosting built right in Reach your audience on every major app In just a few clicks you can get listed on Spotify, Apple, Youtube and more, to reach millions of people. Use data to grow your show Get actionable insights on your podcast performance, episode success, and audience behavior with built-in, simple analytics. Get everything you need to hit publish Automatically generate transcriptions, titles, descriptions, chapters, and takeaways packed with the keywords you need to reach new audiences. Start for Free Run all your webinars & live events like a pro. Stream everywhere. All at once. Go live in full HD to LinkedIn, Youtube, Instagram, Twitch, and more. Connect with your audience Take audience call-ins, host Q&As, and manage all chats in one place. Add custom branding Use your own overlays, colors, logo, and more to stay on-brand. Turn one webinar into weeks of content Your webinar is recorded in high quality and instantly turns into clips, summaries and more. Connect to Hubspot Registrant details are automatically synced for effortless lead generation. Boost attendance Get built-in registration with automated email reminders to increase turnout. Julie Bergstein | Senior Brand Marketing Manager “The Full HD streaming and real-time engagement elevated the event... and the overall quality was outstanding.” Start for Free Riverside for business Built for marketers and producers Give your teams the ability to collaborate and produce content at scale with the control to maintain the quality your brand requires. Plus, 24/7 priority support to cover all your needs. Book a demo Learn More 4.8 On G2 with 1,356 reviews Your all-in-one studio. Ready when you are. Start for Free Company About us Blog Careers Partners Affiliate Program Creator Partnerships Press Press Impressum Product Why Riverside Pricing For Business Mac App Mobile Apps FAQ Apps Apps Support Features Recording Livestream Editor Hosting AI Co-Creator Magic Clips Transcriptions Captions Magic Audio AI Show Notes Teleprompter Async Recording Media Board Clean Up Overlays Studio Branding Apps Use Cases Video Marketing Tutorial Videos Virtual Events Podcasts Learning & Development Internal Communications Webinars Customer Testimonials Virtual Conferences Live Show Split-Screen Video Tools Podcast Maker Podcast Recorder Live Podcast YouTube Video Maker Screen Recorder Video Compressor WAV to MP3 Podcast Name Generator YouTube Name Generator Mic Test Webcam Test All Tools Solutions Podcasters Producers Marketers Resources Riverside University Recorded on Riverside Help Center Case Studies Webinar Hub Partners Blog Creators Newsletter Product Videos Press Masterclass Community Hub Video Editing Glossary Podcast guides How to Start a Podcast: Step-by-Step Guide & Free Checklist How to Start a Podcast on YouTube: 5 Steps 2026 How to Record A Podcast Remotely: 4 Methods & Free Checklist Video Podcast Software: Top to Tools to Record, Edit & Publish © 2024 RiversideFM, Inc. English English Deutsch Terms Privacy Cookies