More Top Stories
China fires live rounds in military drills near Taiwan
World 29 minutes ago

China has fired live rounds in the waters to the north of Taiwan, with 130 Chinese military aircraft detected near the island in a 24-hour period.

Related
China launches military drills simulating blockade of Taiwan ports
NZ navy ship shadowed by seven Chinese warships
China conducts second day of military drills around Taiwan
Live weather: Thousands without power around country
New Zealand Weather 

Live: Stormy weather is slowly moving south down the country. Follow RNZ's live updates here.

Live weather updates: Power outages, heavy rain and strong gales
Beyonce declared a billionaire by Forbes magazine
World Money 29 minutes ago

The 44-year-old entertainer joins a select club that includes her husband, rapper Jay-Z, as well as Taylor Swift, Bruce Springsteen and Rihanna.

Beyonce declared a billionaire by Forbes magazine
'It's a miracle no one was killed': Victim of brutal dog attack speaks out
New Zealand Crime 

A brutal dog mauling that left three people injured was not an isolated event, but the culmination of years of warnings one victim says were repeatedly ignored.

Dog attack victim says Kaipara mauling followed years of complaints
What you need to know: Ten things RNZ explained in 2025
MORE TOP STORIES
Liam Lawson tests out Australian Supercar
Sport 18 minutes ago
Liam Lawson tests out Australian Supercar
No evidence Bondi attack gunmen operated as part of a terror cell - police
World 37 minutes ago
No evidence Bondi attack gunmen operated as part of a terror cell - police
Former All Blacks coach tapped in British New Years Honours
Sport about 1 hour ago
Former All Blacks coach named in UK honours
Why you shouldn't be rinsing dishes before stacking the dishwasher
New Zealand 
Why you shouldn't be rinsing dishes before stacking the dishwasher
FIFA defends ticket prices citing heavy demand
Sport about 1 hour ago
FIFA defends ticket prices citing heavy demand
Police still seeking witnesses after mass brawl on Auckland's K Road
New Zealand 
Police still seeking witnesses after mass brawl on Auckland's K Road
Latest news bulletin
3 pm Tuesday 30 December
The Briefing
NEW ZEALAND
Alien invasion that could threaten NZ's economy just a plane ride away

That is the key message from a new video, which will be compulsory viewing for the country's 6 million international arrivals from now on. VIDEO

Alien invasion that could threaten NZ's entire economy is just a plane ride away
Tourism sector optimistic about next year, summer bookings positive
State Highway 2 closed after crash
More New Zealand news
POLITICS
'Follow through on it' - Group backs plan to tackle transnational organised crime

A ministerial advisory group said organised crime was impacting every New Zealander whether they recognised it or not.

Ministerial advisory group wants commitment to tackling transnational organised crime in Budget 2026
Sheep shearing industry, government announce $75,000 animal welfare programme
Where do MPs go, when they go bush?
More Politics news
SPORT
Tennis: Sabalenka, Kyrgios see only positives from 'Battle of the Sexes' match

Aryna Sabalenka and Nick Kyrgios have defended their controversial "Battle of the Sexes" tennis match.

Tennis: Sabalenka, Kyrgios see only positives from 'Battle of the Sexes' match
'I hate losing more than I love winning' - Phoenix coach
Women's sport thrives in 2025 with unprecedented growth, famous victories
More Sport news
BUSINESS
Why Starbucks doesn't want to be everywhere anymore

The coffee chain spent years trying to become an inescapable storefront on the streets of New York, Los Angeles and other big cities in America. Now that's coming to an end.

Starbucks doesn’t want to be on every street in New York and Los Angeles anymore
Can I travel while getting NZ Super, and other most-asked questions of 2025 - Ask Susan
What to remember before your Boxing Day shopping spree
More Business news
MORE NEWS & CURRENT AFFAIRS
New Zealand
 
World
 
Politics
 
Pacific
 
Te Ao Māori
 
Sport
 
Business
 
Country
 
Local Democracy Reporting
 
Comment & Analysis
 
In Depth
In Case You Missed It
Media on Bardot: France's biggest 'sex symbol' or 'crazy cat lady'
10:06 am today

The death of Brigitte Bardot has triggered mixed reactions from international media, with some highlighting her sex symbol status on screen while others noted…

Media on Bardot: France's biggest 'sex symbol' or 'crazy cat lady'
How short-form videos could be harming young minds
5:03 am today

Short-form video apps weren't built with children in mind, but open conversations can help them understand their habits and build healthier ones.

How short-form videos could be harming young minds
Controversies, comebacks and suspensions: The biggest Kiwi sporting stories of 2025
6:04 am today

RNZ sport looks back at some of the biggest Kiwi sports stories of 2025.

Controversies, comebacks and suspensions: The biggest Kiwi sporting stories of 2025
Starlink withdraws satellite services from Papua New Guinea
29 Dec 2025

The network's parent company, SpaceX, has been instructed to cease all satellite services in PNG.

Starlink withdraws satellite services from Papua New Guinea
More from ICYMI
Comment & Analysis
NZ report card 2025: How we fared in key global and domestic rankings

To borrow a phrase from old school reports: Shows great potential but needs to try harder, Alexander Gillespie writes.

NZ report card 2025: How the country fared in 28 key global and domestic rankings
JD Vance tries to have it both ways on Nick Fuentes and antisemitism

Analysis - Vance could inherit a conservative movement that is increasingly riven over antisemitism and conspiracy theories in its midst.

JD Vance tries to have it both ways on Nick Fuentes and antisemitism
Parliament's year in numbers: Who spoke the most and how many bills were introduced?

Analysis: We look back at this year's Parliament in data, including just how much coffee fuels our democracy?

Parliament's year in numbers
Australia defeats words with actions to complete rapid Ashes romp

Anaylsis: In the pre-series furore, with England crowing and injury concerns mounting, Australia stayed quiet. Its response was emphatic.

Australia defeats words with actions to outclass England and romp to Ashes glory
More comment & analysis
RNZ Music
Summer encore: The Big Sing Finale

One of the highlights of 2025, the Big Sing Finale brought together 24 top secondary school choirs, with nearly 1000 young singers gathering in Dunedin to sing their hearts out. Catch up on the performances here.

Summer encore: The Big Sing Finale
Hymns on Sunday, 28 December 2025

Hymns on Sunday Summer Requests starts today – throughout January you can hear listener choices. Favourite hymns in this week’s programme include Be thou my vision, Stuart Townend’s setting of Psalm 23 The Lord’s my shepherd, and Guide me, O thou great redeemer. AUDIO

Hymns on Sunday, 28 December 2025
Summer Brass from the NZSO

Acclaimed Australian conductor and trumpeter Yoram Levy showcases the power and precision of the NZSO brass and percussion musicians in music to stir the soul and ignite the holiday spirit.

Summer Brass from the NZSO
Christmas Day Church Service

Celebrate Christmas Day with an ecumenical service of readings, reflections and prayers brought to you by representatives of some of Wellington's central city churches, and carols sung by Porirua choir Pacific Connection. VIDEO, AUDIO

Christmas Day Church Service
More from RNZ Music
In Depth
Integrity probe into Yachting NZ drags into second year

The Sport Integrity Commission's first major investigation, triggered by dozens of complaints about Yachting NZ, remains unfinished a year on.

Landmark integrity probe into Yachting NZ drags into second year
Feral cat trapping could get easier

The paperwork currently required to legally trap feral cats could be replaced with a simpler online system, after criticism from hunters.

A permit for trapping feral cats may get much easier to obtain after a U-turn by DOC
'Rock and a hard place': Inside the forced move from gas

Behind the nation's energy crisis are businesses quietly fighting to survive - many feel they have nothing but bad options. AUDIO

Lost in transition: The businesses trapped by New Zealand’s energy crisis
Tom Phillips' gun licence revoked months before disappearance

New information outlines a key moment in the Marokopa timeline, but leaves major gaps unanswered.

Tom Phillips’ firearms licence revoked months before second disappearance, documents show
More from In Depth
What You Need to Know
Ten things RNZ explained in 2025

What were some of the biggest topics RNZ's journalists explained this year? Here's a look back.

Political coups, fake doctors, deepfake porn and wild weather - What RNZ explained in 2025
How changes to the foreign buyers ban will work

Explainer - New Zealand's ban on overseas buyers of real estate has been softened - but there's one rather large catch. AUDIO

What changes to New Zealand's foreign buyers real estate ban will mean
Why you might suddenly stop drinking milk

Explainer - Lactose intolerance affects most of us as we get older. Why does this happen?

Why you might suddenly stop drinking milk
The 3G shutdown has begun - will your phone work?

Explainer - Over the weekend, 3G networks started to shut down. What does this mean for you and your phone? AUDIO

The 3G shutdown in NZ is starting. Here's what you need to know
More from WYNTK
Radio on demand

LATEST RADIO SEGMENTS

This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions.

This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions.

This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions.

This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions.

This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions.

More recent audio

RECENTLY UPDATED SHOWS

World & Pacific News
World & Pacific News
More shows
What’s on
RNZ NATIONAL
On now
Matinee Idle
Just finished
Nine To Noon
9am - Midday
Nine To Noon
Up next
Kelly Tarlton's Final Treasure Hunt
RNZ CONCERT
On now
Summer Three to Seven
RNZ PACIFIC
Latest
World & Pacific News