Reliable Local Delivery Partner for Same-Day Last-Mile Needs | Roadie Login Support Drive for Roadie Solutions Same-Day Delivery More efficient, more reliable same-day delivery, anywhere in the U.S. Same Day ROI Calculator Is same-day delivery worth the hype? Find out in minutes. Roadie for UPS Customers Combine the strengths of UPS and Roadie to optimize the last-mile Big & Bulky Deliver XL without the hassle to 97% of U.S. households Ship-from-Store Deliver bigger, farther, and better from your entire footprint Last Mile Delivery Add speed, flexibility and efficiency to your last mile strategy Local Next-Day Extend next-day order cut-offs and maximize efficiency Products Roadie Same Day® Whether you sell new shoes or new tires, reliably deliver in as fast as 2 hours RoadieXD™ Same-day at scale, on-time. Deliver thousands of orders daily. Get Started with Roadie Ready to start delivering? Get started with the right account. Industries Airlines Auto Parts & Tires E-Commerce Grocery Home Improvement Prescriptions Retailers Resources Resources Press Whitepapers Blog Case
                Studies Guides Get Support About Careers & Culture Security Get Started Last-Mile Delivery Solutions Deliver same day. Bigger. Farther. Better. Roadie allows businesses to offer exceptional delivery experiences that drive customer satisfaction and loyalty. Deliver bigger items, faster than ever, more reliably with the nation’s largest local same-day delivery network. Get Started Today Bigger Deliver Oversized Items Easily Skip the extra fees and hassle of shipping large items. With Roadie, you can deliver oversized items up to 144" and 300 pounds same-day up to 100 miles, without the limitations of traditional carriers. Go Big Faster Same-Day Delivery, Your Way Offer your customers the speed they demand with flexible delivery options. Choose from 2-hour, 4-hour, and end-of-day delivery windows to meet your needs. Plus, cross-dock solutions for high-volume businesses that streamline operations for more efficient same-day delivery. Deliver Fast Farther Reach Every Customer Expand ultrafast delivery beyond city centers and deliver up to 100 miles. With a nationwide network of 310,000+ independent drivers, you can deliver to 97% of U.S. households. Better Exceptional Delivery Experiences Delight your customers with reliable, high-quality deliveries that arrive on time and in great condition. With Roadie, you can reduce package claims and increase customer satisfaction, leading to greater loyalty and repeat business. Calculate ROI Same-Day Delivery Fast, Everywhere The nation’s largest local same-day delivery network. Offer fast delivery options for all of your customers. Learn More Big & Bulky XL with XS Hassle With features built for big and bulky items, get efficient and fast delivery for items of all sizes. Learn More Better Together Roadie for UPS Customers Maximize your UPS account by adding Roadie. Combine the strengths of both networks for a seamless delivery experience, simplified billing, and even more benefits. Learn More Ship-from-Store Deliver from Any Store Seamlessly integrate Roadie into store fulfillment strategies with Roadie solutions for ship-from-store. Increase online sales and offer faster delivery options to your customers. Learn More Last Mile Delivery The Final Mile, Perfected Optimize your last-mile delivery with flexible and reliable solutions. Reach more customers and exceed their expectations with faster, more efficient last-mile logistics. Learn More Hot Shot Delivery Urgent Orders, Delivered Fast Enable your business to deliver in as fast as 2 hours. Hot shot delivery with Roadie enables on-demand, time-critical solutions for your last-minute or urgent order. Learn More Local Next-Day Reliable, Local Next-Day Deliveries Delivering within 100 miles and need a solution that's faster than ground but more affordable than express? Roadie enables reliable local next-day delivery for businesses of all sizes. Learn More Reverse Logistics Enhance the Returns Experience Create an incredible returns experience by using Roadie to pick up returns. Make it effortless for your customers to return items with home pick up, increasing customer satisfaction and retention. Learn More Unmatched National Coverage Unparalleled scale and flexibility for your last-mile delivery needs. Get the nation’s largest local same-day delivery network. 310,000 + independent drivers 30,000 + zip codes 97 % of U.S households 97% Nationwide Coverage Deliver Anything, Anywhere Roadie enables flexible, reliable delivery for businesses of all sizes, across a wide range of industries, to 97% of U.S. Households. Retail Deliver High-Quality Retail Experiences Offer your customers fast, reliable delivery options for everything from apparel to electronics. Roadie helps retailers of all sizes optimize their last-mile delivery and exceed customer expectations. Retail Delivery Auto Parts More Efficient Auto Parts & Tires Delivery Get auto parts and tires delivered quickly and efficiently with Roadie. The nationwide Roadie network includes independent drivers with the vehicles and experience to deliver on-time, more efficiently. Deliver Auto Parts Pharmacy Secure Prescription Delivery Ensure timely and compliant delivery of prescriptions with specialized solutions. The Roadie network includes pharmacy gig-certified drivers who handle sensitive deliveries with care. Deliver Prescriptions Industrial More Efficient Delivery for Industrial Supplies Handle everything from hardware and hand tools to machinery and building materials with ease. Roadie enables timely, reliable delivery of your industrial supplies, no matter the scale. Deliver Supplies Airlines Streamlining Mishandled Baggage Delivery Improve the customer experience and reduce mishandled baggage costs with seamless last-mile delivery solutions for anything left behind. Get faster, reliable last-mile delivery that increases customer satisfaction (and NPS scores). Deliver Baggage E-commerce Effortless E-commerce Delivery Enhance your cart-to-customer fulfillment with the Roadie nationwide same-day delivery network. Offer faster, more affordable delivery options, and boost customer satisfaction with a seamless last-mile delivery experience. Deliver Orders Deliver High-Quality Retail Experiences Offer your customers fast, reliable delivery options for everything from apparel to electronics. Roadie helps retailers of all sizes optimize their last-mile delivery and exceed customer expectations. Retail Delivery More Efficient Auto Parts & Tires Delivery Get auto parts and tires delivered quickly and efficiently with Roadie. The nationwide Roadie network includes independent drivers with the vehicles and experience to deliver on-time, more efficiently. Deliver Auto Parts Secure Prescription Delivery Ensure timely and compliant delivery of prescriptions with specialized solutions. The Roadie network includes pharmacy gig-certified drivers who handle sensitive deliveries with care. Deliver Prescriptions More Efficient Delivery for Industrial Supplies Handle everything from hardware and hand tools to machinery and building materials with ease. Roadie enables timely, reliable delivery of your industrial supplies, no matter the scale. Deliver Supplies Streamlining Mishandled Baggage Delivery Improve the customer experience and reduce mishandled baggage costs with seamless last-mile delivery solutions for anything left behind. Get faster, reliable last-mile delivery that increases customer satisfaction (and NPS scores). Deliver Baggage Effortless E-commerce Delivery Enhance your cart-to-customer fulfillment with the Roadie nationwide same-day delivery network. Offer faster, more affordable delivery options, and boost customer satisfaction with a seamless last-mile delivery experience. Deliver Orders RESOURCES Driving Success, Fueling Growth Learn how businesses of all sizes are meeting demand for fast, efficient delivery and solving more of their last-mile delivery challenges. Browse All Resources Report Consumers on Same-Day Delivery: What They Want and What They will Pay For This survey of more than 1,000 consumers who had purchased goods online, explored various consumer attitudes and opinions regarding same-day and. Read More Quality For the 5th year, Roadie recognized by The Home Depot’s Executive Carrier Council Being awarded year after year is a testament to Roadie’s reliability and strong partnership with The Home Depot. Read More Report Big & Bulky Done Better: Top challenges and how businesses are solving them When it comes to home delivery, big and bulky merchandise has always been a bit of a misfit. Read More Report Is Same-Day Delivery Worth the Hype? Roadie and Supply Chain Dive surveyed 150 organizations that offer same-day delivery and compiled the findings in this research report. Read More What Do Customers Value Most in the Delivery Experience? Download our latest research report to e xplore various consumer attitudes and opinions regarding same-day and last-mile delivery. Download Report Solutions Same Day Delivery Same Day Delivery ROI Calculator Roadie for UPS Customers Big & Bulky Delivery Ship from Store Last Mile Delivery Next Day Delivery Products How to Get Started with Roadie Roadie Same Day® RoadieXD™ Industries Lost Luggage Delivery Prescription Delivery Auto Parts Delivery Retail Delivery Grocery Delivery Industrial Suppliers Resources Support Resources Blog Press Case Studies Guides Whitepapers About Careers & Culture Security Log In Drive for Roadie ©2025 Roadie. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Do Not Sell or Share My Information Cookie Settings