Automotive Digital Retailing | CDK Global CDK Global CDK Global company logo Who We Serve Auto Dealerships Original Equipment Manufacturers Independent Software Vendors Heavy Truck Friction Points Study 2025 In our latest Friction Points study, we uncover where the industry has improved and what still creates friction for customers. Explore More Details Dealership Xperience Platform Foundations Suite Strengthen workflows in every department with one complete solution Fundamentals Suite Empower one-to-two-site dealers with a proven and scalable core system Modern Retail Suite Surpass consumer expectations by making the buying journey easier Fixed Operations Suite Build loyalty and efficiency to maximize your Parts and Service income Vehicle Inventory Suite Price more profitably and elevate merchandising with the power of AI Intelligence Suite Fine-tune performance with advanced analytics, AI and machine learning What We Offer Inventory Digital Retail Customer Relationship Management Finance & Insurance Dealer Management System Fixed Operations Network & Communication Services Intelligence Payment Solutions Who We Are About Us For 50 years, CDK Global has been empowering dealers with the tools and technology they need Join CDK As a global leader in the field, we're always looking for the best and brightest to keep us on track Contact 833.620.2129 Resources Insights Training Media Center Trust Center Customer Stories Support Login 19 May – 21 May Meetings CDK CONNECT Live: Nashville Login Support Digital Retail Omnichannel Storefront Automated Lead Response Trade Valuation Multi-Brand Marketplace Request Demo Digital Retail Omnichannel Storefront Automated Lead Response Trade Valuation Multi-Brand Marketplace Request Demo Automotive Digital Retailing Modernize Car Buying and Selling CDK offers digital retailing solutions — and so much more. It’s everything you need to transact online and in the showroom, creating one seamless, omnichannel experience for all. Request a Demo Measure Digital Retailing ROI To Grow Your Business Digital retailing success is measured across three KPIs that ultimately add to your bottom line. 2 x online engagement 70 % more deal efficiency 2 x customer satisfaction " During COVID CDK stepped up. Within days I was able to do digital retailing, customer signatures, et cetera, and that's kind of where we decided that it was going to be a part of our business. " Chuck Bond • CFO , Benzel-Busch Beyond Digital Retailing Whether you just want to dip your toe into digital retailing or you’re ready to dive into omnichannel commerce, our platform meets you where you are. Integrate With Your System Our platform is compatible with dealers’ preferred CRMs, lending solutions, website providers and more. Most Certified Partner with the most certified digital retailing provider to extend our platform across your entire dealer group. Digital Retailing Omnichannel Storefront Our Modern Retail platform enables you to provide customers with a modern car-buying experience and evolve your business at your own pace. A true omnichannel experience that comes complete with everything you need to offer customers an efficient, end-to-end digital transaction — remotely and in your showroom. Internet Lead Response Automated Lead Response Our intelligent internet lead response system immediately sends car buyers quality messages to help you engage with them 24/7. Trade-In Appraisal Trade Valuation Trade Valuation uses mobile-first technology to bring transparency and trust to the trade-in appraisal process. Dealer Group Solution Multibrand Marketplace Extend the power of our platform across your entire dealer group. Drive traffic more efficiently to an interactive online marketplace where car buyers can shop cross-brand inventory and build deals. Recent Insights Mobile Service: The High-Stakes Opportunity Reshaping Automotive Maintenance Mobile service has taken over a large part of the Fixed Operations conversation this year. From NADA to the results... 3 Min Read • Dec 17 • CDK Global New Study Reveals Sharp Shift on EVs The automotive landscape is shifting, and electric vehicles are at the center of the conversation. CDK’s latest study, Car Shopper... 2 Min Read • Dec 11 • CDK Global Who's Who in a Car Dealership Back Office The Back Office at a car dealership is where essential operations happen behind the scenes. While the Front Office focuses... 3 Min Read • Dec 10 • CDK Global How F&I Provides Dealers Steady Revenue in Volatile Times Car sales got off to a strong start in 2025 but tapered as the end of the year approaches. New... 3 Min Read • Dec 5 • CDK Global The Rise of In-Transit Vehicle Purchases In-transit purchases have hovered around 20% throughout 2025, peaking at 29% in August, and hit 23% in November. While spikes... 4 Min Read • Dec 3 • CDK Global Ease of Purchase Plummets in November The term “unprecedented” has been used a lot in recent years. When it comes to November’s Ease of Purchase scorecard,... 4 Min Read • Dec 1 • David Thomas Coffman Truck Sales: A Legacy of Family and Growth Powered by CDK Founded in 1946 by three brothers in Plano, Illinois, Coffman Truck Sales began as a small repair shop. By 1949,... 2 Min Read • Dec 1 • CDK Global What Dealerships Need To Know About Gen Z Employees in 2025 Every generation brings something different to the workplace. Generation Z — those born between 1997 and 2012 — now makes... 3 Min Read • Nov 25 • CDK Global CDK Vehicle Inventory Suite: Faster Listings, Better Margins In today’s fast-paced automotive retail environment, efficiency and accuracy in inventory management are more critical than ever. The CDK Vehicle... 3 Min Read • Nov 24 • CDK Global How Dealership Inventory Management Tools Assist in Uncertain Markets Inventory is an ever-evolving puzzle. The industry could be one chip shortage away from a drop in new inventory reaching... 3 Min Read • Nov 21 • CDK Global View All Insights Corporate 847.397.1700 Support 866.668.5394 Sales 833.620.2129 Hear What's New Before the Rest of the Industry Sign Me Up! Who We Serve Auto Dealerships Original Equipment  Manufacturers Independent Software Vendors Heavy Truck How We Help End Sales Exhaustion for Your Customers Fix the Lack of Trust That's Hurting Profits Target What's Holding Back Business Growth Guard Against Connection and Security Failure What We Offer Digital Retail Customer Relationship  Management Finance & Insurance Dealer Management System Fixed Operations Network & Communication Services Dealership Xperience Platform Intelligence AI at CDK Fortellis CVR AVRS Who We Are About Us Join CDK Resources Insights Training Media Center Customer Stories Support Login Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Statement CDK Policies User Agreement © 2025 CDK Global LLC / CDK Global is a registered trademark of CDK Global LLC. Some products or features and functionalities may not be available in all locations.