Road Trip Planner – Find the best stops along the way | Roadtrippers Mobile Menu Roadtrippers Logo Roadtrippers Memberships Member Deals Roadside Assistance Get Roadtrippers For RVers Campground Search and Booking Overnight RV Parking RV GPS RVing Resources Plan Your Trip Trip Planner Trip Guides Forum Campendium Magazine The Ultimate Guide to Route 66 Destinations and routes Road Culture Community Road Trips Great Outdoors Log In Sign Up Sign out Plan a new trip Take unforgettable road trips Get AI-powered recommendations for places worth a detour. Quick Launch Explore and discover stops by yourself Plan with autopilot Use AI to find the best stops and plan faster Starting Point Valid location required Destination Valid location required Go Save as my home address Not sure where to go? Explore the map Plan, discover, and collaborate 41 42 43 41 42 43 Headlights on us Advertisement Remove Ads Places we find extraordinary Look for the colorful icons on our map to locate our favorite places. Arches National Park Moab, Utah Cadillac Ranch Amarillo, Texas Scandinavian Heritage Park Minot, North Dakota Assateague Island National Seashore Berlin, Maryland Fallingwater Mill Run, Pennsylvania Blue Whale of Catoosa Catoosa, Oklahoma Denali National Park and Preserve , Alaska Luray Caverns Luray, Virginia Yoda Fountain San Francisco, California Boldt Castle Alexandria Bay, New York Cabazon Dinosaurs Cabazon, California Explore All Extraordinary Places See what roadtrippers are finding World's Largest Beaver, AB DaveRandy & Kathy Big Books, Apple, Ruler, Pencil, TX James_Bray Dinosaur Statues, NM roadtripper4011181 Billy Tripps MindField, TN delorescook Big Josh: Cowboy Muffler Man, CA Steph Giant Watering Can and Flower Pots, VA Natecove The Thing?, AZ Dave Miller World's Largest Potato Masher, WI roadtripper747946 The Ozymandias Legs, TX Dave Miller World's Largest Pistachio, NM Ken & Dana Some stories from the road Guides National park entrance fees and hours 2026: What every traveler needs to know before they go Deutsche Mark Rondina Read article Partner Content Why My Place Hotels Is the Perfect Stop on Your Next Road Trip Benen Shoquist Read article Travel & Destinations Home for the Holidays: How Montana’s Small Towns Celebrate the Christmas Season Benen Shoquist Read article Famous Routes Interstate Exit Guides National Parks Route 66 Beartooth Highway Blue Ridge Parkway Kancamagus Highway Pacific Coast Highway Skyline Drive Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway The top things to do on an I-75 road trip The top things to do on an I-10 road trip Border to Border: Essential road trip stops along I-5 The best attractions along I-15, from California to Montana The top things to do on an I-95 road trip Your road trip guide to every awesome detour off I-70 The top things to do on an I-80 road trip Show more The ultimate road trip guide to I-90, from Boston to Seattle The top things to do on an I-40 road trip Family I-95 Road Trip Acadia National Park Arches National Park Badlands National Park Bryce Canyon National Park Canyonlands National Park Crater Lake National Park Crater Lake National Park Show more Denali National Park Glacier National Park Grand Canyon National Park Joshua Tree National Park Olympic National Park Rocky Mountain National Park Shenandoah National Park Yellowstone National Park Yosemite National Park Zion National Park Keep exploring with the Roadtrippers mobile apps. Anything you plan or save automagically syncs with the apps, ready for you when you hit the road! Download from Apple App Store Download from Google Play Store Connect with us and hit up #roadtrippers Tall tales, trip guides, and the weird and wonderful. Visit our TikTok page Visit our Facebook page Visit our Instagram page Visit our Pinterest page Visit our LinkedIn page Visit our YouTube page About About Us Roadtrippers Lending Careers Roadpass Digital Mobile Apps Support Contact Business Tools Partnerships Affiliate Program Media Center Get Inspired Road trip ideas by state National parks Famous routes Voices from the Road The Latest National park entrance fees and hours 2026: What every traveler needs to know before they go Why My Place Hotels Is the Perfect Stop on Your Next Road Trip Home for the Holidays: How Montana’s Small Towns Celebrate the Christmas Season Roadtrippers - Home Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © Roadtrippers, LLC 2025 Close main nav Memberships Member Deals Roadside Assistance Get Roadtrippers For RVers Campground Search and Booking Overnight RV Parking RV GPS RVing Resources Plan Your Trip Trip Planner Trip Guides Forum Campendium Magazine The Ultimate Guide to Route 66 Destinations and routes Road Culture Community Road Trips Great Outdoors Profile Sign up Log in Sign out Sign up Log in Sign out Plan your journey, find amazing places, and take fascinating detours with our app. Download from Play Store Download from Apple App Store Log in to your account Close popup Log in with Google Facebook Apple or Log in with email Username or Email address Password Forgot password? This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Log in New to Roadtrippers? Create an account Create an account Close popup Sign up with Google Facebook Apple or Sign up with email Username Email Address Password I want inspiring road trip stories, extraordinary destinations, and special offers sent right to my inbox. By creating an account, you agree with our terms and have read our privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Sign up Already have an account? Log in Add profile details Close popup Add vehicles Get gas cost estimates for your trips. Add your vehicle RV, Camper, or Motorhome Car, Truck or Van Motorcycle Add home address Your new trips will automatically start from your home address. Home Address Clear Field Add phone number You'll be eligible to receive membership discounts from Roadtrippers. Phone Number By providing your number, you agree to receive SMS from Roadtrippers (offers, updates, account changes). Msg & data rates may apply. Reply 'STOP' at any time to opt out. Save Add profile details Close popup Year Make Model Floorplan Can't find your RV? Click here to add a custom one. You're adding a custom RV. Cancel. Fuel Fuel Type Gas Diesel Electric Fuel Economy (MPG) Back Add vehicle Close popup Uh Oh! We couldn't find an existing Roadtrippers account using that service. Please try signing in with another option. Contact Support Close Close popup One more thing! We need your email address to send you trip itineraries and other updates. Email Address Email is required for new accounts Save Email Cancel Close popup How do you want to plan your trip? With just a few questions, our newest Premium feature, Autopilot, will plan your next adventure. Plan it for me I'd like to plan it myself Close popup Upgrade Your Membership Upgrade your membership to unlock additional saved trips. Upgrade Now More Info Plan a road trip Multiple stops, hotels, notes, maps: it's a mess. We built a tool to make road trip planning with friends and family fun. Close popup Where are you headed? Starting Point Valid location required Destination Valid location required Save as my home address Quick Launch Explore and discover stops by yourself Plan with autopilot Use AI to find the best stops and plan faster Create Trip