Sign In Register
Learn about MyDyas Ideas & Advice Customer Services Store Locator Store Services Track My Order
Search
Search
My Basket
SALE
Garden & Sheds
Outdoor Living
Furniture & Home
Electricals
Heating & Cooling
Kitchen
DIY & Decorating
Bathroom & Showers
Laundry & Utility
Pet & Bird
Fitness & Leisure
My Dyas
Free Standard Delivery over £30

Most of UK Mainland. Code FREEDEL30 - T&Cs Apply

Free Same Day Click & Collect

Available on 1000s of lines

Next Day Delivery

Order by 6pm

 

SALE
SALE
SALE

1000s of lines reduced

Home & Furniture
Kitchen Electricals
Kitchenware
Garden & Sheds
All Sale

 

 

Recommended For You

 

Shop By Category

Kitchenware

Home Heating

Safety & Security

Home & Furniture

Pet & Bird Care

Garden & Sheds

DIY & Decorating

Bathroom

 

Make the Most of Your Local Store

Same Day Click & Collect

Pick up 1000s of items with same day click & collect at your local Robert Dyas store.

Find out more

Store Services

Find your local Robert Dyas store for printing, recycling, DHL delivery, money transfers and more!

Find out more

Get Exclusive Pricing, Collect Points and much more with MyDyas!

Join Now
Sign-In
Shop Exclusive Prices
Ideas & Advice

Find tips on improving your home and garden, useful how-tos and handy buying guides in our Ideas & Advice hub. 

Top Tips for an Easy Christmas Clean Up
Easy Winter Dinner Ideas
Secret Santa Gifts Under £10
Hosting Christmas? Here’s How to Keep Food Warm
Salter The Chocolatier: Why It’s the Best Hot Chocolate Maker Around
Your Christmas Dinner Checklist to Help Cut the Cost
Best Black Friday Deals, from Air Fryers to Appliances
Christmas Gift Ideas on a Budget
How to Store Pumpkins
How to Get Rid of Spiders in Spider Season and Beyond

 

Follow us on Instagram for tips & inspiration

With over 150 years of experience and 93 stores across the South of England, Robert Dyas is a high street name customers know and love.    

We pride ourselves on our long-standing philosophy of customer service and extensive range of products, from the innovative to the everyday. 

Sign up for email updates with all our latest offers and events

For details on how we will use your information please read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy

	Sign Up
Robert Dyas
MyDyas Membership
About Robert Dyas
Store Services
Theo Paphitis Benevolent Fund
Careers
Gender Pay Gap Report
Diversity, Equality & Inclusion Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
DHL Service Point
Western Union
Sell on Robert Dyas
Information
Delivery & Collection
Returns & Refunds
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy - How we use your information
Cookie Policy
Product Recalls
Electricals Recycling
Battery Recycling
Ink Recycling
Student Discount
Help & Advice
Contact Us
Track My Order
Wish List Search
Store Locator
FAQs
Credit
Credit Complaints
 Find Your Local Store
© 2025 Robert Dyas. All Rights Reserved.

Robert Dyas Holdings Limited T/A Robert Dyas is an appointed representative of Product Partnerships Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. FRN (626349). We act as a credit broker not a lender. We can introduce you to Klarna Financial Services Limited (FRN 987816) who may be able to offer you finance facilities for your purchase. We will only introduce you to this lender. We will not receive a commission payment from Klarna Financial Services Limited if you decide to enter into an agreement. Finance is only available to permanent UK residents aged 18+, subject to status, T&C’s apply. klarna.com/uk/terms-and-conditions. Klarna's Payin 3 and Pay in 30 are unregulated credit agreements. Borrowing more than you can afford or payinglate may negatively impact your financial status and ability to obtain credit. 18+, UK residents only.Subject to status. Late fees apply.