Robly Email Marketing | Get 50% More Opens | OpenGen Features Robly AI Landing Page Builder Email templates Robly Engage Real-time Reports A/B Testing Robly OpenGen Autoresponders Forms & Popups Robly Automation Surveys Segments Pricing Resources Blog For Developers 14 day free trial Login SWITCH TO ROBLY Email Marketing for Everyone Focus on your business, we'll take care of your emails TRY FOR FREE 14-day free trial. OUR CUSTOMERS LOVE US Robly was voted  Category Leader on Crozdesk , Leader on G2 and won Gold on Software Reviews Robly Email Marketing 1,458 5-Star Reviews More than 1,400 5-Star reviews and counting! Do you want to know more? BOOK A DEMO Why do customers like Robly so much? List Growth Grow your list up to 5x by replacing your traditional sign-up widget with a Robly's Exit-Intent Pop-Up. 50% More Opens OpenGen, RoblyAI and RoblyENGAGE work together to deliver up to 50% lift in opens. Social Proof With more than 1,400 5-star reviews online, don't ask us, ask them. WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING Superior Platform at Less than Half the Cost Robly offers an easy to use platform and even provided us a super sharp template. Anytime I e-mail, chat, or call in they are able to help me out instantly with any issue I might be having, and do so with fantastic customer service. Also | they are offering this superior product for less than half of what I was paying at a competitor. Washington General Store Owner, Meghan Lavelle Robly A.I. & OpenGen Get Results It couldn't have been easier for me to switch to Robly. Somebody called me and set my expectations high. They were exceeded by the speed and professionalism with which Robly switched my account over. All my segmented lists got transferred by them. Love the features to get me more opens, love the cost savings, love the human touch! I used several mail services but this one clearly beats them all. Decoraid.com Co-Founder & CEO, Markus W. Robly A.I. is fantastic! The Ultimate subscription is an amazing value. Robly A.I. is such an amazingly clever concept ... I've always struggled with the best time to send to my list. They solved that one for me! Customer service is super friendly, and Damask was a pro with helping me optimize my template. Her pointers on our overall marketing plan were great too. I chose the Ultimate subscription because it was still a bit cheaper than my Constant Contact bill ... Incredible value. In addition to the template optimization call, the 360 degree audit and SEO audit were both super helpful, and I have a direct line to James whenever I need it. Continuous Flow Systems and Downhole Deployment Valves at Weatherford International Global Product Line Manager, Justin Cunningham Better than Constant Contact! I have no design background and in the past I never thought my template looked good. Robly's professional designers were able to create me a beautiful template that matched my brand. The switch took no effort on my part. My contacts and images were moved over and my template was created before I logged into the system for the first time. The designer taught me how to use the editor and I am now able to quickly build emails on my own. Robly AI is great, I no longer need to question if I am sending an email at the right time. Xanthus Capital Management, LLC Partner, Gualberto Diaz Definitely Email Marketing's "Best in Breed"!!! I've used Constant Contact, Mailchimp, and Mad Mimi and Robly stands out as someone who a) gets me to the top of the inbox with OpenGen and Robly A.I., b) has a substantially easier-to-use interface than Constant Contact, c) they made it a completely hassle-free switch, d) they made me a very professional-looking and editable custom template, and e) the follow-on support I have received has been timely and thorough. JumpDEMAND Inc. Senior Software Architect, Patricia Beatty Robly is the best I love the great templates Robly provides and of course, the friendly service. EMBA Marketing Communications Specialist, Charisse Trejo-Curiel Revolutionary email service We love everything about Robly - the ease of designing emails, managing lists and engaging our patrons in managing their own email preferences. The support via Robly has been exceptional as well. Boston Children's Theatre Executive Director & Producer, Toby Schine Very user-friendly platform, more opens than Constant Contact Designing templates is fairly easy, they look fairly sleek and modern. Easy to teach someone how to use the platform. Matossian Eye Associates President, Cynthia Matossian Very happy with the product The system is very easy to use. Love the templates, much more mobile friendly. Just started testing the Inbox Preview Test function. We've also done a couple of AI campaigns - not sure if there's a huge increase, but it's an interesting concept. Stanton Homes, new home builder and custom design/build services Marketing/Business Development, Penny Hull Robly’s sign-up forms and pop-ups are a huge upgrade. They make content upgrades easy, and give you the flexibility to set your landing pages up with whatever type of form you need. RefundGeeks CEO, Anthony Robinson Robly’s segmentation is light-years ahead of vendors like Infusionsoft and Mailchimp. We create complex segments using multiple and’s and or’s, user behaviors, and tags, which I simply couldn’t do at the other vendors. We can create tight segments and target with precision, which leads to increase engagement and revenue. RefundGeeks CEO, Anthony Robinson I have been a long-time user of Roby and have used your WebBuilder Templates for several of my businesses over the years. What I enjoy about Robly is its very user friendly and has intuitive templates for website building, designing newsletters, email management and the fact that I can talk to a real support person who is knowledgable and efficient for help when necessary. All at very reasonable pricing. Thanks Robly! Porchia's Wish Whole Integrated Self Health Featured in HEAL Documentary Previous Next Robly helps your brand go from big to bigger. Bring them into your world Grow your list on Facebook or your website. Use tabs, pop-up widgets, or embedded HTML forms. Choose exit intent or timed behaviors. Easy content upgrades keep them hungry for more. Learn more about Forms Get 50% more opens Engagement is everything, and no one has more open technology than Robly. Get 50% more opens with OpenGen, RoblyAI, and RoblyEngage. Learn more about our open technologies. Send campaigns in 4 easy steps Set your campaign name and labels Choose your audience Set your content Schedule or send right away! Learn more about our Campaign Builder Edit your designs Choose one of our stunning, mobile-responsive templates that have been optimized for higher click-through rates. We guarantee you’ll see the difference. Learn more about our Templates Robly Automations Right Message, Right on Time Don't miss a moment with our automated email journeys. Robly's cutting-edge email marketing tool not only boosts conversions and generates revenue, but our automation's dynamic response ensures emails reach your subscribers right when they're ready to engage. It's time to enhance your efficiency with our automated multi-channel resource! Connect the apps you love 100s of integrations including a native Shopify integration, WordPress, a robust API, plus integrations with Zapier and Segment. Robly by the Numbers +8 Years in the business +25K Accounts +12B Emails sent +10B Recipients 24/7 Support US–based, award-winning phone, chat, and email support. Like you, our support team is unbeatable. Robly Email Marketing 1,458 5-Star Reviews More than 1,400 5-Star reviews and counting! WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING Superior Platform at Less than Half the Cost Robly offers an easy to use platform and even provided us a super sharp template. Anytime I e-mail, chat, or call in they are able to help me out instantly with any issue I might be having, and do so with fantastic customer service. Also | they are offering this superior product for less than half of what I was paying at a competitor. Washington General Store Owner, Meghan Lavelle Robly A.I. & OpenGen Get Results It couldn't have been easier for me to switch to Robly. Somebody called me and set my expectations high. They were exceeded by the speed and professionalism with which Robly switched my account over. All my segmented lists got transferred by them. Love the features to get me more opens, love the cost savings, love the human touch! I used several mail services but this one clearly beats them all. Decoraid.com Co-Founder & CEO, Markus W. Robly A.I. is fantastic! The Ultimate subscription is an amazing value. Robly A.I. is such an amazingly clever concept ... I've always struggled with the best time to send to my list. They solved that one for me! Customer service is super friendly, and Damask was a pro with helping me optimize my template. Her pointers on our overall marketing plan were great too. I chose the Ultimate subscription because it was still a bit cheaper than my Constant Contact bill ... Incredible value. In addition to the template optimization call, the 360 degree audit and SEO audit were both super helpful, and I have a direct line to James whenever I need it. Continuous Flow Systems and Downhole Deployment Valves at Weatherford International Global Product Line Manager, Justin Cunningham Better than Constant Contact! I have no design background and in the past I never thought my template looked good. Robly's professional designers were able to create me a beautiful template that matched my brand. The switch took no effort on my part. My contacts and images were moved over and my template was created before I logged into the system for the first time. The designer taught me how to use the editor and I am now able to quickly build emails on my own. Robly AI is great, I no longer need to question if I am sending an email at the right time. Xanthus Capital Management, LLC Partner, Gualberto Diaz Definitely Email Marketing's "Best in Breed"!!! I've used Constant Contact, Mailchimp, and Mad Mimi and Robly stands out as someone who a) gets me to the top of the inbox with OpenGen and Robly A.I., b) has a substantially easier-to-use interface than Constant Contact, c) they made it a completely hassle-free switch, d) they made me a very professional-looking and editable custom template, and e) the follow-on support I have received has been timely and thorough. JumpDEMAND Inc. Senior Software Architect, Patricia Beatty Robly is the best I love the great templates Robly provides and of course, the friendly service. EMBA Marketing Communications Specialist, Charisse Trejo-Curiel Revolutionary email service We love everything about Robly - the ease of designing emails, managing lists and engaging our patrons in managing their own email preferences. The support via Robly has been exceptional as well. Boston Children's Theatre Executive Director & Producer, Toby Schine Very user-friendly platform, more opens than Constant Contact Designing templates is fairly easy, they look fairly sleek and modern. Easy to teach someone how to use the platform. Matossian Eye Associates President, Cynthia Matossian Very happy with the product The system is very easy to use. Love the templates, much more mobile friendly. Just started testing the Inbox Preview Test function. We've also done a couple of AI campaigns - not sure if there's a huge increase, but it's an interesting concept. Stanton Homes, new home builder and custom design/build services Marketing/Business Development, Penny Hull Robly’s sign-up forms and pop-ups are a huge upgrade. They make content upgrades easy, and give you the flexibility to set your landing pages up with whatever type of form you need. RefundGeeks CEO, Anthony Robinson Robly’s segmentation is light-years ahead of vendors like Infusionsoft and Mailchimp. We create complex segments using multiple and’s and or’s, user behaviors, and tags, which I simply couldn’t do at the other vendors. We can create tight segments and target with precision, which leads to increase engagement and revenue. RefundGeeks CEO, Anthony Robinson I have been a long-time user of Roby and have used your WebBuilder Templates for several of my businesses over the years. What I enjoy about Robly is its very user friendly and has intuitive templates for website building, designing newsletters, email management and the fact that I can talk to a real support person who is knowledgable and efficient for help when necessary. All at very reasonable pricing. Thanks Robly! Porchia's Wish Whole Integrated Self Health Featured in HEAL Documentary Previous Next We are Email Marketing experts. This is what we do and we are the best at it. TRY FOR FREE 1,458 5-Star Reviews Over 1,400 5-Star reviews and counting! Product Pricing Features Robly AI OpenGen RoblyEngage Automations Drip Campaigns Forms & Popups Segments A/B Testing Templates Surveys Landing pages Reporting and Analytics Resources Free Download Guides Marketing Blog Video Library Email Marketing Best Practices COMPARE ROBLY Robly Vs. Mailchimp Robly Vs. Constant Contact Robly Vs. Mailjet Robly Vs. Active Campaign Robly Vs. Hubspot Robly Vs. MadMimi Robly Vs. Beehiiv Robly Vs. Sendinblue (Brevo) Robly Vs. Klaviyo Help Contact Us Talk to Sales Help Center Platform Status Terms of Services Text Messaging Agreement Privacy Policy Developers Developer center High volume sending Transactional emails Robly API © Copyright 2013 - 2025  Robly Ltd. Email Marketing  Platform