RoboShadow Cyber Platform × Products Cyber Platform Demystify Cyber Security is baked into everything we do, our platform is the perfect vehicle to help us deliver Cyber Serenity. Explore the Platform Vulnerability Scanner Manage Internal & External Vulnerabilities, all reconciled against the Global Cyber Security Databases. Scan today Mobile Network Scanner Our Mobile Network scanner is the most advanced Cyber Utility in the Play Store and a top 10 common organic result for many Cyber Security. Try the app Use the Cyber Platform Completely Free Create Account Discover More About Us Pricing Blog Contact Login Create Account Cyber Security Platform The RoboShadow platform allows companies, institutions, and individuals to get an internal and external 'Vulnerability Assessment' daily. Our Cyber Heal AutoFix functionality will also automatically remediate the vulnerabilities found by RoboShadow. Create Account Features External Scanner LAN Scanner Device Encryption Cyber Heal 'One Click Fix' Icon_24px_Monitoring_Color Device Vulnerabilities Benchmarks Intune & Defender Integration Compliance exports Anti Virus Icon_24px_Scheduler_Color OS Updates Cyber Heal 'AutoFix' Remove 80% of Remediation via Automation Using our Cyber Heal technology , our AutoFix process remediates issues across the estate automatically whilst updating your PSA / Help Desk System . Update over 7000+ Applications from Microsoft Winget Repository. Rapidly uninstall unwanted or unsecure applications. Manually update less popular titles using your own MSIs / EXEs. Change Cyber Benchmark configuration to meet compliance standards. Update Firewall and Anti-Ransomware settings. Automate all the Cyber Heal tasks in the background with AutoFix Log any AutoPilot fails into your Service Desk System / PSA for a follow-up. Create Account No Vulnerability Left Behind. in our External 'Attack Surface' Scanner Simply enter your IP Addresses & Websites, and access a dashboard that gives you a detailed report of vulnerable ports, IPs, CVEs, and  Website Vulnerabilities. From this dashboard, you can easily monitor and prioritise your top vulnerabilities so you know what needs immediate attention. Our system automatically scans and sends results directly to your email every day. Create Account Find the weak link. LAN scanner The RoboShadow LAN Scanner performs a device discovery scan on your local network, followed by a full vulnerability assessment across the whole network subnet. The LAN Scanner shows you what devices internally are vulnerable and reveals where the bad guys could hide if they get in. The scanner helps you understand and manage your internal attack surface and covers the following scenarios: What vulnerable IoT devices could a hacker hide in? Are your networks open (flat), or are they properly segregated? Which network equipment has exploitable vulnerabilities? Create Account LAN Scanner Strengthen Your Defenses in Real-Time. The 'Zero Trust' Approach Detailed insights into key Zero Trust counters: D evice Vulnerabilities, Antivirus Status, OS Updates,  Benchmarks & Config, Encryption Status, Hardware Information, and Software Patching. Create Account Device Vulnerabilities Anti-Virus OS Updates Device Encryption Centrally Keep Tabs on Your Security Benchmarks. Benchmarks Security configuration, or “hardening” as it is called, can be a semi-daunting aspect to manage. However, outside of known vulnerability exploits, exposing a weakness caused by poor configuration are the next major threats you must cover. Create Account every Anti-Virus on the planet . Anti-Virus RoboShadow integrates with just about every AV on the planet and allows you to centrally manage the core fundamentals to check if it’s turned on, and if it’s updated etc. RoboShadow integrates with Zendesk, Jira, Windows Defender, Malwarebytes, CrowdStrike, ServiceNow and more! Create Account The Microsoft Essentials Security Hub. Sync with Defender , Intune & 365 Easily link data from Microsoft 365 , Intune , and Windows Defender into RoboShadow. Pull in MFA authentication, Intune device insights,  and track  Defender vulnerabilities .  You can even roll out RoboShadow to your whole estate using 1-click via Intune. Create Account Altogether in One Report . Ultimate Cyber Report Wrap up your dashboards into a customisable & sharable report via PDF . This feature effectively packages all your cybersecurity insights, metrics, and analytics into a single, cohesive document. We also can supply CSV files for your whole estate, APIs , and Sync via PSA / Ticketing Systems. Create Account Cyber Community Our Free Tier is named as "Worlds best Cyber Free Tier" as 90% of our product is included. We provide you with the tools to be able to successfully manage and enhance your security. £0 External IP Attack Surface Scan Website Security Scanner (OWASP) Windows CVE Reporting Integrate fully with 365 Full Pricing Details Cyber Professional All Community features plus AI tech, continuous scanning, 1-click fixes, Shodan integration, attack mapping, and priority scans. £20/month , £1 per agent £20 / mo + £1  per agent Cyber Heal ‘AutoFix' (£1 per agent) RoboGuard Vulnerability Alerting' PSA & Ticket Integration Realtime Agent Reporting Full Pricing Details Cyber Enterprise Includes all features of 'Cyber Professional' plus an advanced governance team layer, specifically designed for higher-level teams requiring enhanced oversight and management capabilities. £200 / mo Account Manager Cyber Governance Support Yearly Penetration Test Support Full Pricing Details MSPs: Find out about our MSP Enterprise offering Seamless PSA Ticketing Integrations for Total Cybersecurity Control. RoboShadow integrates with Zendesk, Jira, Windows Defender, Malwarebytes, CrowdStrike, ServiceNow and more! Create Account Continuous Cyber Scanning Continuously Scan your attack surface every day and get alerts with any new vulnerabilities. Meet your obligations for various Cyber Frameworks to demonstrate you perform continuous vulnerability scanning across your entire estate. Create Account 'Stand Alone' Tools Within The Platform. MFA MFA is the "lowest hanging fruit to attack.” That's why robust MFA Auditing is crucial. Our MFA Non-Conformance Report tracks compliance, including: ❍ Guest User MFA Reporting ❍ Global Admins Compliance ❍ Update Reboot Reporting ❍ Azure AD Reconciliation Domain Enumeration The Domain Enumeration feature allows users to quickly identify all subdomains and backend systems associated with their main business domain, highlighting potential security risks. By scanning these often-overlooked areas, users can gain insights into assets that may be vulnerable to attack, such as test environments and staging servers . This free tool in RoboShadow’s platform empowers businesses to secure their digital infrastructure more effectively and proactively. OS Updates The OS Updates dashboard provides an overview of critical and security updates, rollups, and drivers across devices. It highlights devices needing reboots , tracks update status , and allows admins to manage system security, ensuring devices remain up-to-date and compliant. As Seen On YouTube like. Comment. Subscribe. @RoboShadow • 2.91k Subscribers • 51 videos Through YouTube, we can connect with our community and provide in-depth tutorials on getting the most out of RoboShadow. If you have any questions or suggestions for video content, feel free to reach out to us at Hello@roboshadow.com. Watch Now What Our Clients Say... "Many more clients are being asked by their clients and insurance companies for evidence that they are conducting regular vulnerability scanning, and RoboShadow makes it super easy to run scans on our client networks, resolve issues, and produce lovely-looking reports for our clients." Aaron Nihat "RoboShadow is super quick to setup and cost effective Cyber management." Manny, 3GV "The RoboShadow platform allows us to keep tabs on our External Attack Surface." Ben, Crank "An essential security and analysis tool… I use it every day!" Bernie, Ultumus "The Robo Shadow platform worked wonders for our Penetration Testing." Kevin, Hotwire "Responsive, friendly and cost-effective security solutions. I'd happily recommend them to industry peers." David Showing Proof to Your Clients , Regulators & investors. Compliance Reporting Around the world, we all have different ways of proving our Cyber Security posture. For many businesses, using a good governance framework is a great way of proving to your customers, regulators, and investors how seriously you take your cyber governance. RoboShadow has a compliance engine built within the platform, allowing you to export evidence data for a whole host of cyber governance frameworks including but not limited to: • Cyber Essentials (UK) • Essential 8 (Australia) • NIST (US) • SOC 2 (Worldwide) • ISO 27001 (Worldwide) • HIPAA (US) Create Account Our Blogs & Extra Resources Discover how RoboShadow simplifies cybersecurity. Download RoboShadow Flow Infographic PDF Use the Cyber Platform Completely free Create Account Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Reddit CONTACT US EMAIL hello@roboshadow.com PHONE +44 20 300 53729 HEAD OFFICE RoboShadow 64 Great Eastern St London EC2A 3QR, UK SITE MAP Home Products Cyber Platform Vulnerability Scanner Android Scanner Pricing Contact Us About Us LEGAL Website Terms Portal Terms Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Bug Bounty Policy