SPECIAL OFFER! 33% off new RoboForm Premium subscriptions. Offer ends January 1. BUY NOW
PERSONAL
BUSINESS
PLANS
SECURITY
DOWNLOAD
Support
Log In
Buy Now
Next generation
password manager

Leading the way in password management technology, security, and innovation

Try Business
No credit card required
Try Premium
Simplify your online experience

Stay secure and save time with our seamless password manager and form filling solution

Generate and save passwords
Create strong and unique passwords for each site. RoboForm captures them automatically.
 
One click Logins and form filling
No more typing. RoboForm quickly logs you in to websites and fills online forms with a single click.
 
Scan for compromised passwords
Get alerted when your passwords and personal information are exposed in data breaches.
 
Secure Sharing
Securely share passwords with trusted contacts without the risk of exposing sensitive data.
NEW FEATURE
Advanced Two-Factor Authentication (2FA)

Secure your RoboForm account with multiple 2FA options including passkeys, trusted devices, and hardware security keys — in addition to traditional email, SMS, and authenticator apps.

NEW FEATURE
Passwordless Unlock

Unlock RoboForm using a passkey securely stored on your local or remote device — verified by your face, fingerprint, or device PIN for quick and secure access.

SECURITY
Data Breach Monitoring

RoboForm’s Data Breach Monitoring scans up to five email addresses for breaches and alerts you if your data is exposed. If a breach is found, RoboForm suggests ways to secure your accounts.

An option for everyone

Unlock unparalleled value with every license option

Free
Unlimited passwords on a single device
$0
Get Free
Best-in-class 1 click login
Password generator
Secure cloud backup
Best-in-class form filling
Compromised password scan
Built-in TOTP authenticator
Passwordless Unlock
Advanced 2FA
POPULAR
Premium
Premium features, unlimited devices
$1.66
/mo
Billed annually
$2.49
SPECIAL OFFER 33% off
Buy Premium
Everything in Free
Access on all devices
Web access
Secure Shared Folders
Emergency Access
Data Breach Monitoring
Local only mode
Priority 24/7 Suppor
Family
5 Premium accounts for you and your family
$2.66
/mo
Billed annually
$3.98
SPECIAL OFFER 33% off
Buy Family
5 Premium accounts
Unified billing
Access on all devices
Web access
Secure Shared Folders
Emergency Access
Data Breach Monitoring
Local only mode
Priority 24/7 Support
Business
One paid plan, all features—no sneaky upgrades
See Pricing
Separate personal and work vaults for each employee
Centralized management via admin center
Secure password sharing
Single sign-on (SSO) integration
SCIM provisioning
Custom security policies
Role-based access control
Dedicated account manager
Granular sharing controls
Dark web monitoring and alerts
Detailed activity logs
Comprehensive reports and audit
Priority 24/7 support
Help center with onboarding and troubleshooting tutorials
Real user ratings and reviews

Take a look at what our customers have to say

Apple AppStore
4.7 Rating
43.2K Reviews
Google Play
4.6 Rating
32.7K Reviews
Chrome Store
4.5 Rating
3.6K Reviews
Edge Store
4.6 Rating
657 Reviews
Frequently asked questions

What is a password manager?
A password manager is an application that securely stores and manages the passwords for your online accounts. It creates a secure vault where passwords are encrypted and accessible only to you. The tool typically includes a password generator for creating strong, unique passwords, and offers features like auto-filling login credentials on websites and applications. Advanced versions include additional security measures like two-factor authentication, dark web monitoring, and the ability to securely share passwords with trusted contacts. A password manager ensures that you maintain strong, varied passwords for all your accounts while needing to remember only one master password.
Is RoboForm secure?
Absolutely. Only you can access your data. Your passwords are encrypted with your own secret key—the RoboForm Master Password which you create. We use AES256 bit encryption with PBKDF2 SHA256. Our system architecture is zero-knowledge. This means that all encryption/decryption happens on your local device and ensures that your Master Password is never transmitted to our server.

Find out more about RoboForm security.
Why is it better to use a password manager and not my browser (Chrome, Keychain, etc)?
RoboForm differentiates itself from standard browser-based password managers by offering comprehensive features. It is compatible across various devices and browsers, including incognito/private modes. Users can enjoy one-click logins to multiple accounts and robust password monitoring for weak, duplicate, or compromised passwords. RoboForm facilitates secure password sharing with friends and family, and provides Emergency Access for trusted contacts. Additionally, RoboForm includes a built-in TOTP authenticator app, can log into Windows applications, and is capable of saving and filling any online form, enhancing both security and convenience.
Can RoboForm see my passwords?
No. RoboForm is designed on a zero-knowledge infrastructure where the Master Password, known only to you, encrypts the data. This encryption process occurs exclusively on your device, not on RoboForm's servers. As a result, RoboForm does not have access to the Master Password or the ability to access your encrypted data, ensuring a high level of privacy and security.
Is RoboForm easy to set up and use?
Absolutely. RoboForm demonstrates that convenience and security can go hand-in-hand. By automating the password management and login processes, it not only simplifies the user experience but also enhances security. Unlike traditional, less secure methods, RoboForm ensures that each login is both swift and protected by strong, unique passwords. In addition, setting up RoboForm takes just minutes.
Can I import my existing passwords into RoboForm?
You certainly can! We offer the ability to import from every browser and major password manager, or from a CSV.
Personal
Premium
Family
Form Filler
Random Password Generator
Random Passphrase Generator
How Secure is My Password?
Have I Been Hacked?
Security
Pricing
Business
Business Features
Security
Pricing
Benefits
Support
Compare
LastPass
Dashlane
1Password
Support
Support
Help Center
Log In
User Manual
Tutorials
Promo
Referral Program
Affiliates
Resellers
Educational Discount
Military Discount
Company
About Us
Press
Blog
Reviews
Office Locations
License Agreement
Privacy Policy
File Sync
FIND US ON
LANGUAGE
 English

Copyright © 1999 - 2025 Siber Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
3701 Pender Dr, Suite 400, Fairfax, VA 22030

 
Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Review our Privacy Policy.
Got it