The Rockefeller University Skip to main content The rockefeller university Search Input Search Submit Button Our Scientists Overview Heads of Laboratories Tri-Institutional & Adjunct Faculty Research Affiliates Postdoctoral Researchers Independent Fellows Emeritus Faculty Faculty Recruitment Meet the scientific leaders who are changing medicine Research Overview Research Areas and Laboratories Interdisciplinary Centers Clinical Research and the Rockefeller University Hospital Clinical Research Studies Scientific Publications Technology Transfer Scientific Resource Centers Translational Research Research Policies Peek inside our 72 biomedical laboratories Education & Training Overview Graduate Program in Bioscience Clinical Scholars Program Chemers Neustein Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship Program (SURF) RockEDU Science Outreach Career Development Learn more about our flexible, supportive academic programs News News & Highlights Philanthropy News Campus News Seek Magazine Rockefeller University Press For the Press Rockefeller Publications Learn about the breakthroughs happening every day Events & Lectures Upcoming Events Calendar of Events & Lectures Academic Lectures & Symposia Special Events Facility Rental Hear from the world’s leading speakers and thinkers About Overview Awards & Honors Office of University Life and Community Engagement Campus & Community Executive Leadership Our History Board of Trustees & Corporate Officers We’ve spent 124 years perfecting the bioscience institute Support Our Science Overview Campaign for the Convergence of Science and Medicine Philanthropy News Rockefeller University Council Women & Science Ways to Support Rockefeller Planned Giving CELEBRATING SCIENCE Benefit Make a Gift Shape the future of biology and medicine Calendar Directory Careers Give Search Toggle Button Search Toggle Button Search Submit Our scientists set the pace We’ve been the gold standard in bioscience for 125 years. News Dec 22, 2025 Researchers identify gene that calms the mind and improves attention in mice Dec 15, 2025 Intriguing science discoveries of 2025 Dec 22, 2025 The value of publishing negative data The research magazine of The Rockefeller University. Taming the Threat Vector-borne diseases are on the rise. But new treatments wait in the wings. Read The Story Meet our scientists: Titia de Lange "These insights are critical for understanding how this tumor suppression pathway prevents cancer." Read more: Scientists can finally answer an old question about cellular aging Meet our scientists: Ali Brivanlou “We can now generate self-organization and different cell types, just by shining light on it,” Read more: Mechanical forces are key to embryonic self-organization Meet our scientists: Robert G. Roeder “What was most unexpected is that its individual subunits can be repurposed for several physiological functions—including a function that allows cancer cells to survive and grow in high-stress environments.” Read more: This molecular switch helps cancer cells survive harsh conditions Meet our scientists: Leslie B. Vosshall "Sometimes you need to pick apart an accepted dogma to see if there’s actually evidence to back it up. In this case, there wasn’t.” Read more: What we got wrong about mosquito mating / X CLOSE Fall 2025 Faculty Open Search The deadline for the Fall 2025 Faculty Open Search has now passed and applications are no longer being accepted. Graduate Program in Bioscience Study at a world-class institution, led by world-class faculty, in a world-class city. Support Our Science Shape the future of medical research. Give to The Rockefeller University today. Get our newsletter The latest science discoveries delivered monthly to your inbox. Please provide a valid email Close Thanks for subscribing! Close is a required field and should be in the format The Rockefeller University 1230 York Avenue New York , NY 10065 212-327-8000 Contact Us Directory Maps & Directions Clinical Studies Copyright Complaints Calendar Careers Departments & Services Campus Forms & Policies Undergraduate Programs Graduate Program in Bioscience For the Press Student Safety and Sexual Respect Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Copyright 2004—2025 The Rockefeller University. All rights reserved. The Rockefeller University Conflict of Interest in Research