Refinance or apply for a mortgage online | Rocket Mortgage Toggle Navigation Buy Buy a home Calculators Español Learn Get started Popular Purchase loan options VA & military purchase resources Chat Buying soon? Save thousands with Rocket Mortgage & Redfin. Learn More All calculators Popular Home affordability calculator Mortgage calculator Rent vs. buy calculator Amortization calculator Down payment calculator Compra o vende una casa Popular Cómo aumentar el valor de la vivienda: Una guía de 4 pasos Casa inicial o casa definitiva: ¿Qué es lo mejor para ti? ¿Cómo reparar tu puntuación de crédito cuando quieres comprar una casa? All articles Popular Home buying process First-time home buyers Moving tips Preparing to buy Homeownership Turn your monthly rent into a head start on a home of your own Learn about RentRewards Refinance Refinance a home Calculators Learn Español Get started Popular Refinance loan options VA & military refi resources Chat Get cash from your home’s equity while keeping your mortgage rate Learn about Home Equity Loans All calculators Popular Refinance calculator Mortgage payoff calculator Amortization calculator Home equity calculator All articles Popular Refinancing guide Types of refinancing Equity and home value Debt consolidation Refinanciar una casa Popular Refinanciación de préstamos FHA: Requisitos y beneficios 11 preguntas qué debes hacer cuando quieres refinanciar tu hipoteca ¿Qué es un beneficio neto tangible? Rates Purchase rates Refinance rates Rate updates All purchase rates Popular 30-year mortgage rates FHA loan rates VA loan rates Jumbo loan rates Turn your monthly rent into a head start on a home of your own Learn about RentRewards All refinance rates Popular 30-year refinance rates FHA refinance rates VA refinance rates Jumbo refinance rates Rate updates Popular How the federal funds rate affects mortgage rates How a fed rate drop affects home buyers and sellers Should I lock in my mortgage rate today? Loan options All home loans All home loans Popular 15-year fixed 30-year fixed Adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) Bridge loan Cash-out refinance FHA loan Home Equity Loan HomeReady® and Home Possible® Jumbo Smart ONE+ by Rocket Mortgage® VA loan Get cash from your home’s equity while keeping your mortgage rate Learn about Home Equity Loans (888) 452-8179 Phone Number Sign in Sign In Apply now Sign In Buy Refinance Rates Loan options Phone Number (888) 452-8179 Apply now For a better experience, please update your browser. Monthly payments in your comfort zone Refinancing Buying Trending Today's rates Homepage:Hero:1 What’s your goal? Turn equity into cash Buy a home and save Refinance with ease Pay off credit card debt Confidence comes with learning Calculators Discover what’s possible based on your numbers Rate updates Get the latest about rates and what lower rates mean for you Home buying Everything to know about buying a home Refinancing Understand the ins and outs of refinancing Online and on your side Real easy, real people. We’re here when you need us, with easy online tools when you don’t. Simpler home loans for you Less paperwork and eClosings are just two examples of how we simplify mortgages We make home more affordable With promotions and programs for home buyers and homeowners Start my approval Your community is ours, too Ending homelessness, preventing displacement, and building wealth through homeownership makes all our communities better. $246M+ To community organizations and programming 847,000+ Volunteer hours in Detroit 1,185,000+ Volunteer hours nationwide $246M+ To community organizations and programming 847,000+ Volunteer hours in Detroit 1,185,000+ Volunteer hours nationwide Visit Rocket Community Fund What clients say about working with us Every question we had was answered quickly and in a way we could understand. - Diane L. I refinanced my VA Loan through Rocket Mortgage ... the actual closing took about 20 minutes at my kitchen table. - Sapperld M. I’ve used Rocket Mortgage in the past … I can honestly say they keep upping their game. - Catherine P. I am highly satisfied with my experience with Rocket Mortgage ... throughout all the purchasing process. - Mohamed 1 / 4 Join our millions of satisfied clients Apply to buy a home Apply to refinance Important legal disclosures 1 Clients who are current renters will receive a lender credit toward closing equivalent to 10% of the total amount of their 12-month current rental payment, up to $5,000. Current renters are defined as individuals who are currently under a lease agreement. Offer only valid on primary residences. Offer valid only through retail channels and on loans that are locked on or after February 11, 2025. Offer not available for Non-Occupant Co-Clients. Offer not available for partnerships. Offer not valid on Jumbo loans, Schwab products or previously locked or closed loans. Offer is nontransferable. Offer is not valid with any other discounts or promotions. Additional restrictions/conditions apply. Rocket Mortgage reserves the right to modify/cancel this offer at any time. This is not a commitment to lend. + Clients purchasing a home with a Redfin real estate agent or Redfin Partner Agent (or with a Rocket Homes Network Agent) and financing with Rocket Mortgage will receive an effective rate reduction of 1% below the note rate for the first year from Rocket Mortgage. For example, a client locking in a 6.99% interest rate would pay 5.99% for the first year, reverting to 6.99% for the remaining term. Client may choose to opt out of the rate reduction and receive a lender-paid credit of .75% of the loan amount, up to $6,000 from Rocket Mortgage. Only valid on conforming loan limits. This offer is only available to clients who complete their application process and receive their Loan Estimate after July 1, 2025. Offer valid on retail loans only and cannot be combined with any other discounts or promotional offers. Additional restrictions/conditions may apply. Rocket Mortgage reserves the right to cancel/modify this offer at any time. This is not a commitment to lend. Redfin Get a real estate agent handpicked for you and search the latest home listings. Rocket Mortgage Buy a home, refinance, or manage your mortgage online with America's largest lender.* Rocket Money Save more, spend less, see everything, and take back control of your financial life. Rocket Loans Get a personal loan to consolidate debt, renovate your home and more. Rocket Pro Build and grow your wholesale lending business. Rocket Close Appraisal, title, and closing solutions that drive speed, confidence, and savings for Rocket clients. Rocket Mortgage Buy a home Refinance Rates Calculators Loan options Make a payment About us Careers FAQs Social impact Press Room Legal info Terms of use Disclosures and licenses Privacy policy Notice at collection Support Talk to us Share your screen Communication opt-out Give us your feedback Site accessibility Youtube icon Facebook icon Instagram icon LinkedIn icon No. 1 in customer satisfaction Most awarded brand for mortgage servicing J.D. Power disclaimer Rocket Mortgage has won more awards than any other brand in the J.D. Power U.S. Mortgage Servicer Satisfaction Studies between 2002 – 2025. Visit JDPower.com/Awards for more information. *Based on 2024 HMDA-reported loan origination unit volume; excludes correspondent loans. Based on Rocket Mortgage site data in comparison to public data records. Rocket Mortgage, 1050 Woodward Ave., Detroit, MI 48226-1906 NMLS #3030. Go here for the Rocket Mortgage NMLS consumer access page . ©2000-2025 Rocket Mortgage, LLC. All rights reserved. Lending services provided by Rocket Mortgage, LLC. Rocket Mortgage, LLC, Rocket Homes Real Estate LLC, Rocket Card, LLC, RockLoans Marketplace LLC (doing business as Rocket Loans), and Rocket Money, Inc., are separate operating subsidiaries of Rocket Limited Partnership. Redfin Corporation is an affiliated business of Rocket Limited Partnership. Each company is a separate legal entity operated and managed through its own management and governance structure. Rocket Limited Partnership is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Companies, Inc. (NYSE: RKT). Legal disclosure + Clients purchasing a home with a Redfin real estate agent or Redfin Partner Agent (or with a Rocket Homes Network Agent) and financing with Rocket Mortgage will receive an effective rate reduction of 1% below the note rate for the first year from Rocket Mortgage. For example, a client locking in a 6.99% interest rate would pay 5.99% for the first year, reverting to 6.99% for the remaining term. Client may choose to opt out of the rate reduction and receive a lender-paid credit of .75% of the loan amount, up to $6,000 from Rocket Mortgage. Only valid on conforming loan limits. This offer is only available to clients who complete their application process and receive their Loan Estimate after July 1, 2025. Offer valid on retail loans only and cannot be combined with any other discounts or promotional offers. Additional restrictions/conditions may apply. Rocket Mortgage reserves the right to cancel/modify this offer at any time. This is not a commitment to lend. Legal disclosure + Clients purchasing a home with a Redfin real estate agent or Redfin Partner Agent (or with a Rocket Homes Network Agent) and financing with Rocket Mortgage will receive an effective rate reduction of 1% below the note rate for the first year from Rocket Mortgage. For example, a client locking in a 6.99% interest rate would pay 5.99% for the first year, reverting to 6.99% for the remaining term. Client may choose to opt out of the rate reduction and receive a lender-paid credit of .75% of the loan amount, up to $6,000 from Rocket Mortgage. Only valid on conforming loan limits. This offer is only available to clients who complete their application process and receive their Loan Estimate after July 1, 2025. Offer valid on retail loans only and cannot be combined with any other discounts or promotional offers. Additional restrictions/conditions may apply. Rocket Mortgage reserves the right to cancel/modify this offer at any time. This is not a commitment to lend.