ROCKWOOL stone wool insulation ; Products & Applications Advice and Inspiration About Us Contact Search Search Group ROCKWOOL Rockfon Rockpanel Grodan rockwool Our Organizations ROCKWOOL Rockfon Rockpanel Grodan Our choice of building materials matters The many strengths of stone wool Discover More Building a climate resilient future Sustainability at ROCKWOOL Read more ROCKWOOL Denmark SailGP Team Explore a world of racing Go Beneath the Surface Why stone wool Sustainability SailGP Explore more Press Release 26 Nov 2025 ROCKWOOL releases Q3 2025 results Difficult market conditions impact Q3 results Read more Press Release 06 Feb 2025 ROCKWOOL releases 2024 annual and sustainability report Strong performance with good revenue growth and solid profitability Read more Press Release 10 Dec 2024 ROCKWOOL to invest in new production line in Mississippi The ROCKWOOL Board of Directors has approved a 100 MUSD-plus investment in a new production line in Mississippi for industrial insulation products. The new production line will help meet the growing demand from the process industry in the Gulf of Mexico region. Read more Annual General Meeting 2025 Annual General Meeting 2025 The Annual General Meeting took place on Wednesday, 2 April 2025 at 3:00 PM CET at Roskilde Kongrescenter, Møllehusvej 15, DK-4000 Roskilde, Denmark. Read more Investor Investor Investor relations & financial information. Information for shareholders, potential investors, and financial analysts Read more Careers Careers at ROCKWOOL Working at ROCKWOOL is much more than just a job. At ROCKWOOL you get to make an actual impact - on your career, on society and on the generations to come. Ready to build your future? Read more Renovation ROCKWOOL renovation Energy renovation can help solve today’s economic challenges while supporting the green transition and securing local jobs. Read more Blog ROCKWOOL Blog Join us on a digital discussion on how we rethink the future of our cities andtheir surrounding environments. Read our articles Our brands Our products are diverse and all contribute to shaping a circular economy, enhancing resource efficiency, and nurturing the safety, health and wellbeing of those who make and use our products. Read more We are the leading supplier of fire resilient stone wool insulation providing solutions for all major application areas, including technical and OEM. Read more We provide customers with a complete ceiling system offer, combining panels with suspension grid systems and accessories. Read more We manufacture board material mostly used in ventilated constructions, for façade cladding, roof detailing, soffits and fascias. Read more We are a global leader in the supply of innovative stone wool substrate solutions for the professional horticultural based on Precision Growing principles. Read more Our products touch most aspects of everyday life The ROCKWOOL Group is world leader in stone wool solutions covering building insulation, industrial and technical insulation for process industry, marine and offshore, customised solutions for industrial applications, wall and facade systems, acoustic ceilings, horticultural substrate solutions, engineered fibres solutions, noise and vibration control. Our product portfolio is well placed to tackle many of today’s biggest sustainability and development challenges. From energy consumption to noise pollution, water scarcity to flooding, our solutions help our customers address many of the big issues of modern living. Our thinking At ROCKWOOL, we’re committed to enriching the lives of everyone who experiences our product solutions. Our heritage is rooted in stone wool and we’re the world leader in this field. Read more Investor Information for shareholders, potential investors, and financial analysts Read more The many strengths of stone wool At ROCKWOOL, we use the inherent properties of stone to create a wide range of stone wool products that can improve your quality of life and help keep you safe, healthy, comfortable and much more. Read more 1 / 3 Read our latest blogs By Jonathan Turner SailGP Everything you need to know about the science behind the SailGP F50 How a sailboat would stack up against a balloon in a race downwind? And how a boat is capable of reaching four times the speed of the wind that powers it? Read more By Jonathan Turner SailGP How we film the coolest boats on the planet How do you film the coolest boats on the planet – flying at breath-taking speeds of up to 100 km/hr? Read more By Jonathan Turner SailGP ROCKWOOL Denmark SailGP Team equals their best-ever result in SailGP. The Danes – who finished in second place overall in Cádiz – dominated the fleet races despite light winds, to book their place in the final race Read more Read all blogs See our Products and Applications Products and Applications Products and Applications Stone wool is the ideal insulating material - from the roof to the facade and from interiors to specific areas. Discover all of our products. Read more About us History From our first stone wool production in 1937 to the extensive range of solutions we supply today, ROCKWOOL Group products have evolved to enhance many aspects of modern life. Read more Careers The breadth of our organization offers career opportunities in fascinating and fast-developing fields – ranging from building insulation, wall and facade systems and acoustic ceilings to horticultural substrate solutions. Read more Business areas ROCKWOOL's products help people across the globe to create a more sustainable footprint and combat challenges related to increasing levels of urbanisation. Read more 1 / 3 World leader in stone wool solutions Manufacturing facilities 0 Countries w/direct sales 0 Continents 0 Read more Whistleblower policy Whistleblower policy We encourage individuals to report misconduct, actions that are in violation of the law or our business ethics. Read more Organization ROCKWOOL ROCKWOOL Rockfon Rockpanel Grodan Products & Applications Products & Applications Roof Insulation Floor Insulation Ceiling Insulation Internal Wall Insulation External Wall Insulation HVAC Insulation Passive Fire Protection Acoustic Insulation Industrial Insulation Marine & Offshore Insulation OEM Insulation ROCKWOOL Rainwater Systems Noistop – Acoustic fences Advice and Inspiration Advice and Inspiration Blog Why stone wool If its worth building Learning Renovation Downloads Case studies About Us About Us Investors Newsroom Careers Sustainable Business Corporate governance Business ethics History Racing Contact Contact Supplier information Investor Relations Find us Contact ROCKWOOL Core Solutions Career opportunities Unsolicited applications Contact ROCKWOOL Group ROCKWOOL A/S Hovedgaden 584 DK-2640 Hedehusene Denmark Tel: (+45) 46 56 03 00 Fax: (+45) 46 56 33 11 Contact us Social Legal Notice Privacy Statement Our Trademarks Cookie Declaration Declaration Of Performance ROCKWOOL Rockfon Rockpanel Grodan Copyright ©2022, ROCKWOOL A/S. All rights reserved. v2.69.151.565 Compare 2/3 Compare Clear All