Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Skip to content Reduce Motion Inductees Museum Watch Shop Museum Tickets Membership Donate Host an Event en English Español INDUCTION Streaming now on Disney+ 2025 Induction Highlights 2025 Induction Highlights Check out history in the making at the 2025 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony. Induction Class of 2025 Class of 2025 The White Stripes Bad Company Carol Kaye Chubby Checker Cyndi Lauper Joe Cocker Lenny Waronker Nicky Hopkins OutKast Salt N Pepa Soundgarden Thom Bell Warren Zevon The White Stripes Discover More In Memoriam In Memoriam Perry Bamonte Perry Bamonte was a guitarist and keyboardist for iconic post-punk band the Cure, inducted in 2019. He joined the band in 1987 and remained until 2005, and his contributions to the Cure’s sound included his intricate guitar work, atmospheric keyboard textures, and occasional bass playing. Bamonte played on many of the band’s popular and influential albums, including Wish , Wild Mood Swings , and Bloodflowers . More on The Cure RRTV Legendary Performances, Speeches & Interviews Watch Now Explore curated channels of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame’s greatest moments, from viral fan favorites to deep cuts from our archives. Featured Exhibits Featured Exhibits A look at what’s on view now at the Museum in Cleveland. Exhibit SNL: 50 Years of Music SNL: Ladies & Gentleman…50 Years of Music is a comprehensive and immersive exhibit celebrating the iconic show’s musical history, storied performances, and sketches. check it out Exhibit Revolutionary Women in Music The Revolutionary Women in Music Exhibit examines the work of courageous, groundbreaking, rebellious women in music, from the 1970s to today, who use songwriting, music, and performance to subvert societal norms. Get Inspired Exhibit The Music of 1984 “Pop Music’s Best Year Ever” brought the game-changing releases from superstars like Prince, Van Halen, Bruce Springsteen, Tina Turner, and Madonna. Hit It! Exhibit Bon Jovi Forever 2018 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Inductees Bon Jovi unveil a one-of-a-kind, full-floor exhibit spanning four decades of the band’s career along with never-before-seen artifacts from each of the band members. Give It A Shot New Podcast New Podcast Music Makes Us Music Makes Us, a new Rock & Roll Hall of Fame podcast with season 1 hosted by Kathleen Hanna, gives listeners a backstage pass to conversations about the things artists *really* want to talk about: perfect lyrics, unforgettable shows, treasured artifacts, and the music that connects us all. Check it out Sonic Connections Sonic Connections A series that traces Rock & Roll’s influence across genres and generations. Sorry Ms. Jackson: A Hip-Hop Symphony From funk grooves and Prince’s genre-blending vision to dramatic, classical-tinged piano, Outkast turned heartbreak into art A Rock B-Side Turned West Coast Anthem From a 1972 Joe Cocker flip side to NYC breakers to Tupac’s West Coast classic From CBGB’s to Hip-Hop’s Mainstream From Blondie’s disco-punk smash to Missy Elliott’s hip-hop classic, one drum loop kept moving forward A Mother’s Love Scored in Soul and Hip-Hop How a 1974 Spinners ballad became the heartbeat of Tupac’s most personal anthem From Teen Pop to Timeless Standard From the Shirelles’ first No. 1 to Carole King’s Tapestry to hip-hop samples, one ballad kept evolving The MJ Anthem That Took Over the Dancefloor From Thriller’s opening spark to ’90s hip-hop remixes to Rihanna’s global club takeover The Guitar Riff That Shaped Generations From Stevie Nicks’ guitar hook to Destiny’s Child and Missy Elliott, one riff kept finding new life View All Stories Exclusive Merchandise Exclusive Merchandise Products loading Visit the Museum Get Tickets Ready to rock? Purchase your tickets now for a tour of the ultimate music destination. Plan Your Visit Info on tickets, parking, upgrades, food, and more to help you get the most out of your trip to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Backstage Stories Upgrade your tour with the ultimate insider experience led by Rock Hall experts. Upcoming Events Upcoming Events Backstage Stories Jan 8, 11AM-12:15PM GA $195 Backstage Stories Jan 9, 11AM-12PM GA $195 Backstage Stories Jan 12, 11AM-12PM GA $195 Backstage Stories Jan 16, 11AM-12PM GA $195 Backstage Stories Jan 22, 11AM-12PM GA $195 explore the hall of fame explore the hall of fame View All Inductees Get the newsletter Get the latest on Inductees, events, discounts and more First Name Last Name Email Sign Up instagram 999 Followers facebook 999 Followers tikTok 999 Followers youtube 999 Followers x 999 Followers Find Us Union Home Mortgage Plaza 1100 Rock & Roll Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44114 216-781-ROCK (7625) Contact Us About Us More from the Museum Support Rock & Roll Policies & Terms The Rock Hall is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit in the United States.