Argonauts Windshield Repair Rock Chip Repair@Houston, TX 713-522-9066 Toggle navigation Menu RockChip.com Home Star AskMe Price Images Map Argonauts aka Rgoknots 713-522-9066 Price Sells Rock Chips Argonauts Windshield Repair Do you have a cracked windshield or worrying that your windscreen may become cracked due to that rock that hit your front windshield? We are just around the corner and by being centrally located in Houston, TX, near the Texas Medical Center and NRG Stadium. We have clients from all around the Houston Metropolitan area that covers nearly 9,444 square miles visit our shop. See if you qualify. Was that repairable? Not all rock chips and long cracks are repairable in your front windshield. Sometimes it's better to either leave them alone or replace the windshield if it interferes with the driver's field of vision. REPAIR 1st Quality: Our mission repair first and replace last. VISION: We do not guarantee or say we can repair your windshield in 15 minutes as a Quality repair takes 30 minutes to an hour to complete. A drill hole would increase the speed of the repair, but the outcome may not look appealing. Although, sometimes we must drill due to the type, impact, legs that won't fill in, and location on the windshield. We drill only when necessary on rock chip repairs and always on a long crack repair. Star Experience Experience to complete a repair and have an idea of the outcome of the repaired windshield. Integrity We are Honest and Truthful. Patience Patience to wait for the perfect outcome of a windshield repair.  We are not in a rush when it comes to repairing a windshield. LOVE We love making new friends and meeting people from all over Houston, Texas, and the World. HARD WORK We take Pride in our work. Honesty It's not just about making money.  Sometimes a damaged windshield should not be repaired due to the age, location, size, and a few other details. Images - Pictures We're helping save your data. Click on link below and see the picture. WET CRACK .. Please, dry your crack Potato Chips? We repair Dime Chips Angel Flew Away Cannot fix them all... Some More We are still helping... Click on link below to see the photo. What do you get for 25¢? Quarter Chip Repairable Rock Chip Great Photo Fiskar Ruler? Good Idea... "Thanks, Chris. It was an excellent work you did. I would recommend you to all who I know... Bert Wang May 27, 2014 Lexus GX470 2007 "Y'all did an outstanding job on my windshield !!!!.. 18 wheeler or dumptruck (their often the culprits) , I purposely maneuver away from them...Hope you have a great weekend ! Marty Girola April 19, 2012 - Honda Accord 2009 " Chris,..I have told at least 10 people about your expert repair of the windshield.." Frank Todd September 2012 - Toyota Tacoma 2011 "Windshield is holding up very well, I do not notice the area of the repair (like magic!).." Tim Schaller October 20, 2012 - Subaru Legacy 2008 "I wanted to go to a glass company that others trusted. I'm glad I read others reviews...It was worth the drive from Cypress, TX..." Chris Chancellor June 7, 2013 - Ford Explorer 2002 "Excellent job on the rockchip repair you did for our car. We barely noticed it anymore. Thank you for your expertise and reliability...." Carmela Vinzon August 12, 2013 - Nissan Juke 2011 "Chris and Deborah were very friendly while I was waiting for the repair. At the same time, Chris expertly fixed all the chips and cracks on the windshield...." Username: FlyFishingBeautiful November 25, 2013 "Able Auto Glass has been repairing or replacing our windshields for 13 years. I found Chris back in 2000 when I still used the yellow pages. I was searching for a glass company to repair a nasty rock chip on my brand new Ford Expedition. I love the friendly family atmosphere. The quality of work is second to none. I highly recommend Able Auto Glass...." Mark Susman @ https://www.houston360photo.com/ November 25, 2013 Previous Next Price Choose your rock chip size Scroll down for long crack prices Dime Size 10¢ Dime=17.91 mm Less Than Nickel $59.95 Text Photo Nickel Size 5¢ Nickel=21.21 mm Less Than Quarter $64.95 Call Quarter Size 25¢ Quarter=24.26 mm Less Than Silver Dollar $69.95 Message Add'l chip prices vary by size starting at $25 (Max. 3) per vehicle. Accepting major credit and debit cards, and most insurance companies *waive deductibles for windshield repairs. *some stipulations apply call or text for details Price Crack Choose your crack length ″ = Inches 6" or 15.25 cm ≥ up to 6 inches Less than 1 dollar $1 bill ≈ 6" or 15 cm Small Crack $69.95 Text Photo 6"≤  12" 6" to 12" Less than 2 ink pens 1 Ink Pen = 6" or 15 cm Big Crack $74.95 Call 12.1" to ∞ 12.1 inches to Infinity Greater than 2 One Dollar Bills $1 bill ≈ 6" or 15 cm 24 inches = 30 cm Suggest Replace AbleAutoGlass $1 bill ≅ 6" or 15 cm Equal to Ink Pen, US 1 Dollar Bill, Eyeglasses, Sunglasses Accepting major credit and debit cards, and most insurance companies *waive deductibles for windshield repairs. *some stipulations apply call or text for details Rock Chip Questions & Answers Click your question below: What does a rock chip look like? A rock chip is usually round or star shaped and may have lines radiating from the center.
It has a black or silver color to it. Hint: If your rock chip looks like a white speck in the glass and has no dark areas,
then this should not be repaired. It is only a nick. What caused my rock chip to appear? Normally a rock chip appears after a rock or other flying road debris hits your windshield. Should I have my rock chip repaired? In almost all cases you should have it repaired unless the rock chip is in the driver’s
line of sight, is over one year old or it has already been repaired. After the rock chip appears, do not put anything on the
windshield except water or window cleaner. You may be tempted to apply cleansers, rain repellents, soap, baby oil, foreign chemicals,
glue, garlic juice, vinegar and finger nail polish, but these products will only make it more difficult to repair. How Big? We can repair rock chips from the size of a Pea up to the size of a Quarter and in some cases up to the size of a
Silver Dollar. As long as the glass missing from the center of the rock chip is less than the end of pencil eraser, we can do the rock chip repair. Will my rock chip disappear when repaired? Your rock chip should become noticeably clearer when repaired. However, clarity is dependent upon
the size, age, amount of glass missing from the center and the quantity of fragmented glass within the break. Note: chemicals
applied to the rock chip may prevent the windshield repair resin from adhering to the glass. Will my rock chip ever form a crack? The possibility of your rock chip forming into a crack is greater now if not repaired.
But if you repair the rock chip before it turns into a crack it will not spread under normal conditions. A rock chip could form a
crack if there is a drastic change in temperature (ex. washing you car on a very hot day with cold water) or if internal or external
stress occurs to the windshield. Can you repair when windshield is wet? In the months of May thru September the sun UV Rays are at it strongest here in Houston, TX.
If your windshield has gotten wet please, allow your vehicle to set in direct sunlight for 3 hours prior to repair.
The rest of the year may take several days to a week depending on the weather.
Please note there is always a chance your chip can spread into a crack while drying in the sunlight.
However, if there is any water in the break that’s not visible by the technician then the repair may appear more visible.
In most cases the rock chip damaged area will turn milky white forever when water is in the break. How long does it take to repair? Typically it takes about 30 minutes but could take an hour depending on the individual rock chip being repaired. How much for a rock chip repair? If it is smaller than a Dime 10¢, it would cost $59.95 and Nickle 5¢ to Quarter 25¢ Size $64.95 anything
larger that is repairable would should cost $69.95 For additional chips price may vary. See store for pricing.
*For long crack repair see FAQ Cracks. What is your warranty on rock chip repair? Should a crack spread further than the original end points, a refund shall be given upon inspection.
This windshield is guaranteed against defective material or workmanship as long as the present owner continues to own this vehicle. Common crack questions with answers Click your question below: What does a crack look like? A crack in the windshield looks like a black or silver thin line in your windshield. What caused a crack to form? Most repairable cracks form when a rock hits within an inch or two from the edge of the glass.  When the windshield is Hot, and Coldwater or cold air from your air conditioner comes in contact with the windshield, it may cause thermal expansion, causing the rock chip to turn into a crack. The opposite is true. When the windshield is Cold (ex. ice on the windscreen), and Hot water or Hot air from your Heater/Defroster comes in contact with the windshield, a crack may form. Should I have my crack repaired? You should have your crack repaired if you would like to retain your windshield's integrity. Having your windshield repaired is your preference. It could save you hundreds of dollars over replacement. Your crack will most likely continue to grow if left alone. A rule of thumb: if you expect your cracked windshield to disappear entirely or your damage is within the driver's field of vision, we recommend replacement as soon as possible. If your main concern is to keep it from spreading and you would like to improve the visibility, you should have it repaired. The best time to have your crack repaired is with the first two weeks after it forms. The best repairs are new, never washed with soap or wiper fluid. How What is the longest crack you can repair? The longest crack we can repair depends upon the size of your windshield. We stop at 12 inches on most windshields. The impact point needs to be the size of a dime with minimal lines coming out of the chip. Will my crack disappear when repaired? When standing at the front of the hood, your crack should become less noticeable, looking at the windshield. However, clarity depends on the size, age, amount of glass missing, and the quantity of fragmented glass within the break. Note: chemicals applied to the crack may prevent the windshield repair resin from adhering to the glass. In most conditions, the damage is unnoticeable, or you may see a hairline above and below the area. Will my crack ever spread after repair? There is a small possibility your crack may continue to grow or may reopen after the repair. Your chances will increase if an extreme change in temperature or stress applied to the glass. Should this happen, we still guarantee the work and will stop the crack from spreading further. *Please see the warranty question below. Can you repair when windshield is wet? In May through September, the sun UV Rays are at its strongest here in Houston, TX. If your windshield has gotten wet please, allow your vehicle to set in direct sunlight for 3 hours before repair. The rest of the year may take several days to a week, depending on the weather. Please note there is always a chance your crack can spread into a further while drying in the sunlight. However, if there is any water in the break that’s not visible by the technician, then the repair may appear more visible. How long does it take to repair a crack windshield? Typically it takes about 45 minutes to an hour depending on the individual crack repair. How much for a long crack repair? Under 6 inches, then the cost is $69.95. Anything over 6" and less than 12" for 74.95. Most insurance companies will waive your deductible if the crack is under six inches, which is the length of a one-dollar bill, not in the drivers' direct field of vision, and with full insurance coverage. What is your warranty on long crack repair? WARRANTY FOR LONG CRACKS 
Should the crack spread past the endpoint, we offer a full refund for the first 30 days or attempt to stop the damage again. The remainder of 11 months, we'll issue either a 50% refund should the crack spread past the endpoint, or we'll attempt to stop the damage again at the customers' discretion. Contact We'll get back to you within during normal business hours. Phone: 713-522-9066 Click to Call 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM Mon thru Fri Map 1992 "Argonauts Windshield Repair" Click on Map: Last update December 24, 2021