How it works
WordPress Plugin
Resources
Pricing
Sign in
Get Started
Propel Your Content at the Speed of Light

Fast content delivery to your users, anywhere in the world or in a galaxy far, far away.

Get RocketCDN
Shoot for the Stars with RocketCDN

Supercharge your website super easily

Automatic Configuration

Experience flawless performance

No need to struggle with complicated CDN tabs and options. We automatically apply the best CDN configuration to boost your speed and performance scores.

Easy Integration

Add to any CMS, effortlessly

Installation is hassle free, whether you use our WordPress plugin or your custom url to link up your assets to RocketCDN. Deploying a CDN has never been easier!

Global Reach

Enjoy a wide and reliable network

We rely on Bunny.net and its high-performance CDN. With more than 120 edge locations, Bunny CDN ranks as one of the fastest CDNs and is an invaluable ally.

Prepare Your Website for Success
Time to reach your full potential

Do you know how many miles your users are virtually traveling to read your content?

If your website is serving a broad international audience, reaching people all over the world, the distance between your website’s server and your users’ is one of the crucial factors of web performance.

RocketCDN is the bridge that brings your users closer to your website, no matter where they are on the globe (and beyond)!

Superfast content delivery leads to

Stronger Performance

A faster loading website will help you meet Core Web Vitals requirements.

Lower Bandwith Costs

Save bandwidth costs thanks to our unique pricing plan.

Better User Experience

Anyone can access your content quickly, no matter where they are located.

Power and Speed Are Just 1 Click Away

We live and breathe for web performance

Designed for Performance

Created by the WP Rocket team, RocketCDN automatically applies the best CDN settings.

Cache expiration policy, GZIP compression, HTTP2… we set everything up to boost your speed and performance scores. We’re on a mission to make the web faster, hop on the spaceship!

Simplicity Like Never Before

No need to be a rocket scientist, using RocketCDN requires absolutely no technical knowledge.

You won’t waste your time going through numerous tabs and complicated customization options. Let us do the heavy lifting: simply enter your url to enjoy our custom automated CDN settings. That’s it!

Get RocketCDN
Compatible with Your Website Technology

Integrate RocketCDN directly with WordPress or connect to any content management system through your RocketCDN CNAME. You can always deliver your content in a superfast manner, regardless of your favorite CMS.