Rocky Linux
News
About
Community
Help
Contribute
Toggle Theme
Download
Enterprise Linux, the community way.

Rocky Linux is an open-source enterprise operating system designed to be 100% bug-for-bug compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux®. Rocky Linux is under intensive development by the community.

Download
Migrate

A Registered Digital Public Good

STABLE, PRODUCTION READY LINUX

Rock solid, no matter the use-case.

Rocky Linux rebuilds sources directly from RHEL®, so you can bet your best dollar that you'll have a super stable experience, no matter the use-case.

Production Ready

Rocky Linux is enterprise-ready, providing solid stability with regular updates and a 10-year support lifecycle, all at no cost.

Community Supported

The community, sponsors, and partners have invested with long-term commitments to ensure the project stays with the community.

Easy Migration

Migrate from other Enterprise Linux distributions without sweating it. We provide an easy-to-use migration script, free of charge.

Latest News

We regularly share updates with the community about what's happening. Here's the latest.

Rocky Linux 9.7 Available Now

December 1, 2025

We are pleased to announce the general availability of Rocky Linux 9.7. Updated installation media, container images, cloud images, and live images ar...

Rocky Linux 10.1 Available Now

November 25, 2025

We are pleased to announce the general availability of Rocky Linux 10.1. Updated installation media, container, cloud, development board, and live ima...

Rocky Linux 10.0 Available Now

June 11, 2025

Rocky Linux 10.0 Available Now By Neil Hanlon, Infrastructure Lead and Alexia Stein, Community Lead We are pleased to announce the general availabilit...

Rocky Linux 9.6 Available Now

June 4, 2025

We are pleased to announce the general availability of Rocky Linux 9.6. Updated installation media, container, cloud, and live images are available fr...

RockyLinux Official Support for RISC-V in RL10!

May 21, 2025

🏗️ Rocky Linux 10 Will Support RISC-V! We're excited to announce that Rocky Linux 10 will officially support RISC-V! Thanks to the incredible work of...

The Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation endorses the United Nations Open Source Principles

March 12, 2025

The Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation (RESF) today announced that it has joined the growing list of Open Source organizations to officially endorse...

Backed By

CIQ

45 Drives

Advanced Clustering Technologies

ARM

AWS

Equinix

Fastly

Google Cloud

Mattermost

MontaVista

NAVER Cloud

OpenDrives

OSSLAB

OSU Open Source Lab

Rakuten Symphony

RISC-V International

Supermicro

VMware

Licensing
Privacy Policy
Trademarks
Bluesky
Mastodon
Facebook
Instagram
Threads
LinkedIn
GitHub
YouTube
English

Rocky Linux® is the registered trademark of the Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation in the U.S. and other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. Red Hat Enterprise Linux, RHEL and CentOS are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the US and other countries. We are not affiliated with, endorsed by or sponsored by Red Hat, Inc.