RF | Home | RF Skip to content The Rockefeller Foundation Research Library Search Menu About Us We are a philanthropic foundation that promotes the well-being of humanity by finding and scaling solutions that advance opportunity and reverse the climate crisis. History and Impact History and Impact Our Mission and Vision Our Big Bets Our History Our Mission and Vision Our Big Bets Our History People and Offices People and Offices Leadership and Board Staff Listing Offices Leadership and Board Staff Listing Offices Work With Us Work With Us Careers Internships Careers Internships What We Do With grantees and partners, we drive innovations, mobilize change-makers, and forge breakthroughs that advance the well-being of people and the planet. What We Fund What We Fund Our Grants Initiatives Partners and Alliances Big Bets Build the Shared Future Our Grants Initiatives Partners and Alliances Big Bets Build the Shared Future Where We Work Where We Work United States Africa Asia Latin America and the Caribbean Italy (The Bellagio Center) United States Africa Asia Latin America and the Caribbean Italy (The Bellagio Center) Focus Areas Focus Areas Health Food Power U.S. Economic Opportunity Innovation Innovative Finance Health Food Power U.S. Economic Opportunity Innovation Innovative Finance Fellowships and Convenings We use spaces and places to bring unlikely partners together to drive progress on the world’s most pressing challenges. Global Convenings and Communities Global Convenings and Communities RF Convenings Big Bets Fellowships Big Bets Community 17 Rooms RF Convenings Big Bets Fellowships Big Bets Community 17 Rooms The Bellagio Center Program The Bellagio Center Program About the Bellagio Center Group Convenings Residencies Bellagio News and Stories About the Bellagio Center Group Convenings Residencies Bellagio News and Stories News and Insights We share stories, data, solutions, and ideas from our work and beyond. Newsroom Newsroom News and Announcements Newsletters News and Announcements Newsletters Reports and Publications Reports and Publications Reports Library RF Impact Reports Reports Library RF Impact Reports Insights and Stories Insights and Stories Perspectives Blog Grantee Impact Stories Perspectives Blog Grantee Impact Stories Subscribe Search Subscribe facebook twitter linkedin copy url We Make Opportunity Universal and Sustainable WHO WE ARE We’re a pioneering philanthropy that promotes the well-being of humanity by finding new solutions, building unlikely partnerships, and taking a business-like approach to deliver results for Americans and people around the world. Learn More Big Bets Fellowship: United States Applications are now open for the 2026 U.S. Cohort Fellowship. This program empowers leaders across sectors to develop entrepreneurial solutions, strengthen resilient systems, and advance policies that connect people to opportunity, build economic resilience, and create pathways for growth that benefits both people and the planet. Candidates must be working on a project that impacts one or more U.S. states and directly benefits the communities they represent. Learn about the fellowship Spotlight Stories Asia A New Partnership To Embed Learning in Transition Minerals Policymaking A new learning platform enables Global South countries to share real-time experiences and co-develop best practices for managing transition mineral resources while protecting communities and driving economic development. Latin America and Caribbean Designing a Better World — Together COP30 underscored the urgency of the climate crisis while revealing a clear path forward: climate-smart development, empowered local leadership, and transformed finance systems that integrate adaptation and mitigation to build resilient communities and economies. Latin America and Caribbean How Nuclear Power Can Reduce the Cost of Clean Energy Abundance in Emerging Economies Nuclear power can reduce clean energy system costs by 2-31% in developing countries by complementing renewables and dramatically lowering the need for expensive solar capacity, storage, and transmission infrastructure. Discover More Stories Featured Initiatives Food is Medicine The Rockefeller Foundation is investing $100 million in Food is Medicine to combat diet-related diseases, cut $1.1 trillion in healthcare costs, and drive research, programs, and partnerships for better health. explore the initiative Mission 300 Expanding electricity access to 300 million people in Africa by 2030 — powering opportunity, progress, and shared prosperity across the continent. explore the initiative Regenerative School Meals Over 300 million children lack daily nutritious meals, while 1.5 billion farming families face climate and food insecurity. Our Regenerative School Meals initiative connects school meals with regenerative agriculture — restoring soil, supporting farmers, and nourishing the next generation to build a thriving food system from soil to school. explore the initiative Our Collective Work At The Rockefeller Foundation, we work with anyone to ensure everyone has good jobs, good food, good health, and more at a time when climate change’s effects are taking lives and undermining livelihoods. Committed Grants Explore our current and past funding priorities aimed at fostering and enhancing human potential. Focus Areas From energy, food, health, and innovation, investigate our current efforts. Reports We believe in metrics, not only to celebrate successes, but to find ways to do better. 112 Years of Driving Change From our initial grant to the American Red Cross a century ago, The Rockefeller Foundation’s history is marked by bold initiatives, breakthroughs, and unique partnerships, driving transformative change toward a more equitable and resilient world. Our History Reimagining Global Health for a Changing World Reimagining Global Health for a Changing World From funding the Nobel Prize-winning yellow fever vaccine to scaling Covid-19 testing during the pandemic, The Rockefeller Foundation has helped shape public health’s principles and institutions. As traditional funding sources recede, institutional power shifts, and long-standing systems falter, The Rockefeller Foundation is accelerating the thinking of global health architecture fit for tomorrow. Growing Good Food Growing Good Food To fight food insecurity, The Rockefeller Foundation helped boost crop yields in Asia, Africa, and beyond through modernizing agriculture practices. Today, we are championing regenerative agriculture and helping Americans access nutritious, affordable, and sustainably-grown foods. Connecting People to Energy Connecting People to Energy Nearly half the world's population lacks sufficient access to the energy that offers opportunity, health, and stability in the 21st century. The Rockefeller Foundation has advanced solar mini-grid prototypes in India, helped create the U.S. Energy Foundation, and co-leads the Global Energy Alliance for People and Planet, whose mission is to reach one billion people with reliable renewable power. Leveraging Innovation Leveraging Innovation From the earliest days of nuclear physics to the cutting-edge of AI, The Rockefeller Foundation has worked across sectors and political lines to develop technologies and scale them for efficiency and impact. Too few enjoy the benefits of innovation, which is why our mission is to ensure scientific progress advances good jobs, good food, good health, and safe communities. Big Bets: How Large-Scale Change Really Happens A new playbook by Dr. Rajiv J. Shah with stories that show you it is realistic to be optimistic about our capacity to make large-scale change. Order Today Recent News Dec 18 2025 Statement From William Asiko, Senior Vice President of The Rockefeller Foundation’s Africa Regional Office, on the African Development Fund’s Replenishment Dec 04 2025 Rockefeller Foundation Report Finds Nuclear Energy Could Deliver up to 30% Electricity Generation for Emerging Economies Nov 24 2025 Beast Philanthropy and Rockefeller Foundation Launch Strategic Partnership More News Stay connected Subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribe Back to Top Close We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and our use of data by reading our new Privacy Policy . If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. The Rockefeller Foundation home page Resources Our Grants Financial Documents Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Commitment Statement Transparency in Coverage Rule Locations All Offices New York City, United States Washington, D.C., United States Bellagio Center, Italy Nairobi, Kenya Bangkok, Thailand Bogotá, Colombia Get In Touch Contact Us Careers The Rockefeller Foundation's mission is to promote the well-being of humanity and make opportunity universal and sustainable. Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter to stay updated on all the latest news and events. Sign Up Facebook Twitter linkedIn Instagram YouTube Copyright 2025 The Rockefeller Foundation. All Rights Reserved Share This Facebook LinkedIn Copy Share on Mastodon Enter your Mastodon instance URL (optional) Share