Free Online Football Manager Game - Rocking Soccer Football Manager Game English Bahasa Indonesia Bosanski Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español Français Hrvatski Italiano Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Português / BR Română Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Български Македонски Русский עברית العربية 简体中文 繁體中文 Get an account Lost pass? Log In The intelligent free online football manager game Start playing > Rocking Soccer is the new Football Manager Game by the authors of the popular Rocking Rackets . Become the new manager of one of our football clubs. Prepare your players for league, cup and maybe even international matches while earning money and expanding your club's facilities. There are many different strategies you can take on your journey to become a famous soccer manager in this game. Free Online Football Manager Game All Rights Reserved © 2013 Delft Games Pagemenu: User Get an account Support Terms of service Testimonials Partners: Online Sport Managers Our other games: Rocking Rackets Why play Rocking Soccer? Hello reader!,
I'm going to assume that like me you are a big fan of online management games and you're wondering why you should or shouldn't try this particular one. That's an easy question: you should! Let me clarify why.
I've been playing Rocking… [read more…] About the game From the first time I was walking on two legs I knew I would be a football lover. For me, it's the best sport that is out there. Why is that? Because you can enjoy it from the safety of your bed watching… [read more…] Online football managers All my life I admired the land of football, the way that this sport has influenced so many people from just playing with friends in the back yard until they became top players at number one teams in the world. So yea this… [read more…] My experience as Rocking Sports manager Ok, so let's get down to the subject. I am a hard working serious individual and when it comes to what I do to have fun it's just one word; football. When I was a child my father took me… [read more…] Online football management at it's best Hi guys, I am going to talk about the new game that you can discover at rockingsoccer.com. It's about getting you in the position of a Football Manager, that means you will be able to prepare your team for different… [read more…] You should try this game! Are you a football fan? Do you watch at least one match per day? There is now a week passing by without you hitting the ball? Well then this game is made for you. You can find it at rockingsoccer.com. Actually,… [read more…] << 1 2 3 4 5 >>