Features
Plans and Pricing
Partners
Cases
Demo
Log In
 EN 
Smart Marketing Analytics System

Access & visualize the insights you need to drive your online sales. Make more informed decisions based on ROI.

Sign up for free →
14-day free trial
You’re wasting 67% of your money on inefficient advertising

With Roistat, save your money and increase your sales


Determine
campaign performance across the entire customer journey

Optimize
spendings

Automate
marketing

Acquire
customers
You deserve to know the true cost of your marketing.
Here’s how:
Summary Reports

Shows the whole picture


More about summary reports →


Back
Forward
      
Sign up for free →
14-day free trial
Solutions for:

Marketing
Increase your campaign effectiveness, optimize your budget, and acquire paying customers.

Get quick access to marketing channels efficiency analytics
Stops spending 50% of his time on reports and finally work on a marketing strategy
Automates contextual advertising, so bids will always be up-to-date
Solves the problem of “many clicks, few leads” and will attract targeted traffic to the site

CEO/ Founder
Analyze the real value of your marketing performance, stop wasting money & invest wisely.

Will be able to view detailed information about expenditure
Will be able to start investing only in channels that bring revenue
Will receive daily reports on metrics via text message and email

Sales
Track sales, drive growth, and increase online purchases.

Gets additional customers
Will be able to find out more about customers: when they return, why they leave, and what they are interested in

Analytics
Set up reporting from multiple sources in one simple interface & stop spending time on complicated reports.

Can build reports based on real business data, not web analytics
Will generate a report of any complexity based on 30+ indicators






Manage your business by knowing and managing your key performance indicators

Find insights and growth opportunities →
14-day free trial
Нам доверяют
Посмотрите кейсы наших клиентов 
25+ integrations with primary sales & marketing systems



Sign up for free →
14-day free trial
We care about the security of your data

Roistat ensures that your data is as secure as possible. Our service is spread across multiple servers around the world to provide greater reliability, and to guarantee data integrity under any circumstances. During the design and development process, we invested a great deal of time and resources into creating a fail-proof and secure system.

Sign up for free →
14-day free trial
Got questions?

manager@roistat.com




Marketing Analytics System Powered by AI


contact@roistat.com

Features
Summary Reports
Analytics
Lead Hunter
Marketing Automation
Multichannel Analytics
A/B testing
Email Tracking
Cost Integration
Integration with third-party services
Feature Development Requests


Plans and Pricing
Plans and Pricing

Partnerships
For Integrators
Referral Program

Help
Documentation about the system
API documentation


About
Contact

Documents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Agreement for services
Data Processing Agreement


This website uses cookies

  You can refuse to use cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however this may affect some features of the website.
By using this website, you consent to our use of these cookies and to the processing of data about you (more information).