Roland - Global Products Pianos Synthesizers Keyboards Guitar & Bass Drums & Percussion Wind Instruments Production Amplifiers AIRA & DJ Roland Cloud Professional A/V Accessories TR-1000 The TR-1000 Rhythm Creator blends analog warmth, digital precision, and sampling freedom into a powerful, genre-spanning instrument. BRIDGE CAST Take online gaming sound to the next level with BRIDGE CAST, your all-in-one solution for premium livestream audio. Community Facebook YouTube X (Twitter) Instagram Worldwide Social Network Facebook Roland Global Official Fan Page. Stay up to date with Roland news, artists, promotions, events, and more. YouTube Channel This channel provides information of the Roland's best quality electronic musical instruments. Provides an overview of key features, functions and operational tips. Worldwide Social Network Welcome to our global family. The Roland Worldwide Social Network keeps you connected to the latest products, exciting events, and much more. Support Updates & Drivers Owner’s Manuals Support Documents Quick Start Video Support News Legacy Product Info Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Support by Product Get the latest updates/drivers, owner's manuals, and support documents for your product. Quick Start This channel provides instructions of the Roland's electronic musical instruments and equipment. Articles Stories Learn Discover Stories Spark creativity with in-depth writing on people, trends, tech, and history. Learn Expand your knowledge with tutorials and guides from subject-matter experts. Discover Experience Roland with an immersive collection of interactive pages and microsites. IR Sustainability Company Backstage Log In Create Account × V-Drums 5 Series Explore V-Drums 3 Series Explore TR-1000 Rhythm Creator Explore Aerophone Brisa Digital Wind Instrument Explore V-STAGE Series Performance Keyboards Explore JUNO-D Series Synthesizer Explore BRIDGE CAST ONE Dual Bus Streaming Mixer Explore P-6 Creative Sampler Explore RD Series Stage Piano Explore FANTOM EX Synthesizer Keyboard Explore < > • • • • • • • • • • < Featured Product Roland New Products Check out the new products from Roland. Find Out More Featured Product GO:KEYS 3 A powerful and fun instrument with a friendly user interface, Roland ZEN-Core sounds, auto-accompaniment features, onboard recording, and more. Find Out More Featured Product JUPITER-X JUPITER-Xm combines classic Roland design and premium build quality with a powerful new synth engine. It faithfully recreates sought-after instruments from our long history of genre-defining sounds. Find Out More Featured Product MC-707 The MC-707 GROOVEBOX has everything you need to create a song or perform a live set without a computer. Immerse yourself in eight tracks of recording, sequencing, synthesizers, and effects, plus a curated palette of sounds, loops, and phrases. Find Out More Featured Product Aerophone AE-10 A collection of inspiring wind instruments with sax fingering and expressive breath control. Find Out More > < Featured Video In the Moment with Reuben James and V-STAGE Pianist, singer-songwriter, and producer Reuben James discusses his musical journey from discovering his passion on the family piano to touring with Sam Smith and launching a thriving solo career. Find Out More Featured Video SH-4d Desktop Synthesizer | Carl Craig Performance Watch as Detroit techno legend Carl Craig takes the SH-4d for a spin, bringing you on a sonic odyssey and diving headfirst into the unit’s array of sonic capabilities. Find Out More Featured Video GP-6 Baby Grand Piano Performance In this performance video, hear the complex tonal colors from this concert-class grand piano. Find Out More Featured Video GO:MIXER PRO-X Whether you’re streaming, performing, or recording, sound quality can make or break your listeners’ experience. The GO:MIXER PRO-X delivers professional-quality audio from a compact, palm-sized audio mixer that works with your mobile device just about anywhere. Find Out More Featured Video Roland FP-90X Digital Piano Performance Watch Josh Jacobson perform on Roland’s flagship FP-90X portable digital piano. Eight ready-to-play variations, ranging from concert to stage pianos, combined with PureAcoustic Ambience environments, provide an almost infinite selection of sounds. Find Out More Featured Video VERSELAB MV-1 — Song Production Studio VERSELAB MV-1, an all-in-one song production studio to help you capture, refine, and finish your ideas from start to end. Find Out More Featured Video Aerophone Pro Performance In this video, MAE.SUN featuring Hailey Niswanger shows how the Aerophone Pro can provide a range of sounds at your fingertips—no matter what style of music you play. Find Out More Featured Video TD-07KV Kit Overview The TD-07KV offers a high-quality, realistic drumming experience in a compact and affordable drum set that’s ideal for playing at home. Find Out More > < Looking For Piano AR Visualize your perfect Roland piano. Select a piano, scan your room, and drop a Roland piano into your home—all without leaving the house. Find Out More Looking For AI for Music Founded by Roland and Universal Music Group, The Principles for Music Creation with AI establish a guideline for the responsible use of Artificial Intelligence in music. Find Out More Looking For V-Drums x Roland Cloud With V-Drums, the preset kits are just the beginning. There’s now an easy way to access the full sonic potential of your V-Drums module. Roland Cloud, our ever-growing online platform for musicians, is full of fresh content for every drummer. Find Out More Looking For Roland GP Series The GP series represents the pinnacle of Roland piano development, merging our advanced technologies with finely crafted grand piano designs that bring elegance and grandeur to any space. Find Out More Looking For AIRA Compact Fun, go-everywhere instruments that put Roland’s legendary creative magic in the palm of your hand. Find Out More Looking For FANTOM-0 Series FANTOM-0 brings your creative world together, combining the sonic power and fluid workflow of the top-of-the-line FANTOM series in streamlined instruments that go everywhere your inspiration takes you. Find Out More Looking For About Roland Cloud Sounds of past, present and future. Yours in minutes. Find Out More Looking For Roland Articles A destination for inspiring stories and knowledge to help spark your creativity. Explore in-depth writing and enhance your skills. Find Out More > Pianos Synthesizers Keyboards Guitar & Bass Drums & Percussion Wind Instruments Production Amplifiers AIRA & DJ Roland Cloud Professional A/V Accessories International Page Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram SoundCloud Change Region Flag Icon Products Featured Products Pianos Organs Synthesizers Keyboards Guitar & Bass Drums & Percussion Wind Instruments Production Amplifiers AIRA & DJ Roland Cloud Professional A/V Accessories Apps Community Facebook YouTube X (Twitter) Instagram Worldwide Social Network Support Updates & Drivers Owner’s Manuals Support Documents Quick Start Video Knowledge Base Support News Legacy Product Info Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Articles Stories Learn Discover IR Management Policy Financial Information IR Library Stock Information Sustainability Basic Sustainability Policy Human Rights Policy For “Environment” In “Society” Social Contribution Activities Human Capital Improvement of Customer Satisfaction Supply Chain Management Corporate Governance Compliance Guidelines Actions for the Compliance Intellectual Property and Brand Protection External Evaluation Company Corporate Information Philosophy Brands Press Releases History Virtual Patent Marking Privacy Statement Terms of Use Accessibility Statement Worldwide Social Network Copyright © 2025 Roland Corporation