Rolling Stone – Music, Film, TV and Political News Coverage × Skip to main content Click to expand the Mega Menu Got A Tip? Rollingstone Logo Rollingstone Logo Log In Account Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Click to expand the Mega Menu Music Politics TV & Movies Culture RS Recommends Click to Expand Search Input Click to expand the Mega Menu Click to Expand Search Input Rollingstone Logo Got A Tip? Account Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Log In Jack White Slams Congressman Tim Burchett Over AI-Generated Video: ‘Tennessee Deserves Better’ The politician had retweeted a MAGA account’s fake, A.I. generated video of White and likened the musician to Wednesday Addams By Kory Grow Michael Lippman, Longtime Manager for George Michael and Matchbox Twenty, Dead at 79 Towering music industry figure guided careers of David Bowie and Bernie Taupin, among many others By Shirley Halperin ‘Beverly Hills 90210’ Star Ian Ziering Sued for Assault Over Melee With Motorcyclists The street brawl on New Year’s Eve 2023 was caught on video By Nancy Dillon Chappell Roan Removes Brigitte Bardot Tribute After Learning About ‘All That Insane Shit’ Roan, who name-checked the French icon in her song “Red Wine Supernova,” said she was unaware of Bardot’s history of far-right views and controversial comments By Jon Blistein How Nashville’s Music Row Went MAGA in 2025 During Trump’s first term, country music did its best to tiptoe around the polarizing president. In his second administration, the industry has embraced him Year in Music By Jonathan Bernstein Chaos at the Kennedy Center: Everything That Happened This Year Culture War By Jon Blistein Pop Punk and Emo Blew Up in 2005. This Year, It Came Back Swinging Not a Phase By Maya Georgi Call for Submissions Enter the Rolling Stone College Journalism Awards Songs You Need To Know Best New Music: Kali Uchis, Chase B, Grupo Firme Music Now The D’Angelo Tapes: The Late Legend on ‘Voodoo,’ ‘Black Messiah,’ and More Football Livestream How to Watch Texas vs. Michigan 2025 Cheez-It Citrus Bowl Online Liam Gallagher Teases 2026 Oasis Activity Despite Shutting Down Prior Rumors In November, Liam Gallagher definitively confirmed that Oasis would not be active in 2026. Now, however, the musician seems to be back-tracking on his comments, despite previously saying he was “fucking serious.” After a fan tweeted, “oasis 2025 will officially be over in a day..,” Gallagher commented, “Bring on 2027 I mean 2026 I mean […] By Emily Zemler Jessie J Opens Up in 'Honest' New Year's Post Amid Breast Cancer Journey The singer recently released her first album in eight years following her mastectomy after being diagnosed in June By Charisma Madarang Taylor Swift Continues to Spread Joy With Donations Helping Children in Nashville and Kansas City The pop star previously donated to several organizations this season including Feeding America and MusiCares By Charisma Madarang Meet RØZ, the Mexican Duo Taking EDM Sounds to the Next Level Manolo Cabrera and Hugo Lara are selling out shows, making hits with Peso Pluma, and revolutionizing electronic music By Julyssa Lopez Isiah Whitlock Jr., ‘The Wire’ and ‘Veep’ Actor, Dead at 71 The veteran actor was known for his vivid character work and signature catchphrase: “Sheee-it" By Charisma Madarang Stefon Diggs Allegedly Slapped, Choked Female Chef. He 'Categorically Denies' Claims The New England Patriots wide receiver and boyfriend of Cardi B is due for arraignment on Jan. 23 By Nancy Dillon Doechii and SZA End 2025 With the Resilient 'Girl, Get Up' New collaboration is produced by Jay Versace and samples Birdman and Clipse's classic, "What Happened to That Boy" By Jon Blistein Read more Cover Story Tate McRae: How a ‘Very Sensitive, Very Introverted’ Singer Became a Pop Superstar The Canadian phenom had a massive 2025, from a chart-topping album to a huge tour to a lot of online speculation. Now, she’s sifting through what it all means — and what’s next By Angie Martoccio The 250 Greatest Songs of the 21st Century So Far 25 years of classic hits from all over the musical map and every corner of the globe By Rolling Stone Music Lists The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time By Rolling Stone Exclusive Melissa Hortman Died in a Shocking Act of Political Violence. This Is the Story of Her Life The Minnesota Speaker’s closest friends and family open up for the first time By Stephen Rodrick Long Read He Was a Legendary Sheriff Who Inspired a Movie. Did He Also Murder His Wife? When Buford Pusser’s wife was killed, his story was turned into the 1973 movie ‘Walking Tall.’ But a new report from investigators suggests it was all a lie By Sarah Weinman RS Reports Chemtrails Aren’t Real. So Why Are Politicians Passing Laws About Them? Banning chemtrails is “like banning unicorns or banning Bigfoot,” says one weather expert By Jessica Pishko RS Reports TikTok Is Obsessed With Talking Parrots. It’s Fueling a Black Market By Rene Ebersole Rolling Stone Essentials 2026: Our Favorite Gear, Brands and Services of the Year Gear of the Year Adidas Samba Sneakers Are Up to 50% Off Online As Tariff Talks Drive Year-End Closeouts Samba Sale ‘Wicked: For Good’ Arrives on Blu-Ray: Here’s How to Buy the Movie Online Now EVERY DAY MORE WICKED From Lego to Eggo, 30 Pieces of ‘Stranger Things’ Merch to Send Off Season 5 Shop The Upside Down How to Watch College Football Playoff Games Online Without Cable More Editors’ Picks “I’ve seen a lot of young artists of color coming out and playing this music, or music based on this genre” Buddy Guy: ‘I’m the Last Old Man Playing the Blues’ By David Browne Rolling Stone Reports The Bookie at the Center of the Ohtani Betting Scandal Is Ready to Talk Inside the Battle Over ‘Napalm Girl’ He Stole George Jones’ Widow’s Heart. Then He Allegedly Stole Her Millions My Best Friend’s Murder Was a Tabloid Circus. Now, I’m Looking for the Truth Read More More News Isiah Whitlock Jr., ‘The Wire’ and ‘Veep’ Actor, Dead at 71 The veteran actor was known for his vivid character work and signature catchphrase: “Sheee-it" Obituary By Charisma Madarang Stefon Diggs Allegedly Slapped, Choked Female Chef. He 'Categorically Denies' Claims The New England Patriots wide receiver and boyfriend of Cardi B is due for arraignment on Jan. 23 Courts and Crime By Nancy Dillon Doechii and SZA End 2025 With the Resilient 'Girl, Get Up' New collaboration is produced by Jay Versace and samples Birdman and Clipse's classic, "What Happened to That Boy" Get Up, Stand Up By Jon Blistein Best Music of 2025: Staff Picks What were Rolling Stone staffers listening to this year? A little bit of everything, from artists big and small Year in Review By Rolling Stone Mickey Rourke Sued for $59,100 in Unpaid Rent, Facing Eviction The actor allegedly rented the home around the same time he departed Celebrity Big Brother UK due to inappropriate behavior Legal Action By Nancy Dillon Tatiana Schlossberg, Journalist and John F. Kennedy's Granddaughter, Dead at 35 The award-winning writer had been battling leukemia Obituary By Kory Grow Read more Content by RS culture council What's This? Opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not reflect the views of Rolling Stone editors or publishers.Content is produced and managed by the Rolling Stone Culture Council, a fee-based, invitation-only membership community, operated by Culture Council, LLC, under license from Rolling Stone Licensing, LLC. Visit council.rollingstone.com to find out if you qualify to be a member. Questions about an article? Email concierge@rollingstonecouncil.com . Read More The Future of Leadership Belongs to the ‘And’ Generation Comfort and Connection: A Countertrend Being Driven in an Era of Hyper-Efficiency Designing for Spectacle and Scorecard: The New Art of Measurable Experiential Marketing How Today’s Top Culture Leaders Are Building the Next Generation of Leadership 2026 Tech Predictions: What’s Coming, What’s Changing, What’s Next Read More Go to PMC.com Most Popular Chevy Chase Was Put Into a Coma for 8 Days After Heart Failure and 'Basically Came Back From the Dead': ‘The Doctor Warned Us We Might Not Get Him Back’ Tyler Perry Sued for Sexual Assault By New Accuser, an Actor in a ‘Madea’ Movie Keith Urban Is Reportedly Questioning Whether Divorce From Nicole Kidman Was a 'Huge Mistake' Heisman Runner-Up Pavia Seeks Court Order to Keep Playing You might also like Canal+ and Warner Bros. Discovery Strike New International Agreement, Including HBO Max Expansion 4 hours ago Citizen Watches Is Blending Chic Style With Disney Magic for the Ultimate New Year Countdown 6 hours ago WWD Adds 2026 Style Awards Honorees, Reveals Golden Globe Awards Red Carpet Hosts 11 hours ago Everything Everywhere All at Once: How the ‘Avatar’ Movies Obliterate Traditional Boundaries Between Prep, Production, and Post 10 hours ago Patriots’ Stefon Diggs Subject to Felony Charge, NFL Conduct Policy 8 hours ago Rolling Stone Music Politics TV & Movies Culture Staff Contact Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use AdChoices PMC Entertainment California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices EU Privacy Preferences Accessibility Policy on Anonymous Sources Follow Us Facebook Instagram TikTok X YouTube Newsletter Signup Enter Your Email Subscribe Got a Hot News Tip? We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Send Us a Tip By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Sites Art in America Artforum ARTnews Billboard BlogHer Deadline Flow Space Footwear News Gold Derby IndieWire Robb Report Rolling Stone SheKnows Soaps Sourcing Journal Sportico StyleCaster The Hollywood Reporter Variety Vibe WWD Log In Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Music News Features Lists Album Reviews Live Reviews Artists You Need To Know Songs You Need To Know RS Country RS Latin Politics News Features Lists TV & Movies News Features Lists Recaps Reviews Video & Photos Photos Videos The Cover Musicians on Musicians RS LIVE Culture News Features Lists Creators RS Gaming RS Films RS Recommends Reviews RS Essentials RS Audio Awards Gift Guides Culture Council Subscription Icon Follow Us Facebook Instagram TikTok X YouTube Alerts & Newsletters Email Address By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. ad