Hosting
Domains
SSL
Servers
Company
Support
English
Customer
Fast and Secure Domain Registration

We are accredited ROTLD, EURID and OpenSRS authorized partners since 2001. We contractually guarantee the registration of .ro domains and web hosting activation in maximum 3 minutes!

Enter the desired domain name and select the extension.
.ro
.eu
.com
.net
.info
.biz
.org
.name
.co
.com.ro
.org.ro
.tm.ro
.nt.ro
.nom.ro
.info.ro
.rec.ro
.arts.ro
.firm.ro
.store.ro
.www.ro
ROMARG in figures

 

#1
In Romania
23 years
Existence
100 %
Romanian
180,748 +
Registered Domains
132,547 +
Hosted domains
Host domains at
ROMARG because

We are the leading provider of domain registration and website hosting services in Romania.

We operate our own Data Center in Brasov, with over 200 Gbps of installed internet capacity

We use Super Servers with 48-64 cores, 256 - 512 GB Ram and RAID 10 SSD Enterprise for Data Center

We host domains on servers with Cloudlinux, Litespeed, cPanel, Imunify360, SpamExperts and Softaculous

Sites hosted by us benefit from DDOS protection, and daily backups with R1soft and Acronis

What do our customers say
about ROMARG?

I love you. I came to you a few years ago from GoDaddy ... In addition to good value for money, you have a top-notch call center: proactive people. I've interacted with many call centers over the years, many abroad ... yours is #1. Thank you

Radian-Alexandru Olaru

Excellent uptime, efficient technical support, well thought out administration interface, Upgrade of existing customer subscriptions did not go unnoticed. Very satisfied with the service.

Dragoi Catalin

I have tried many providers on the Romanian market and I can honestly tell you that ROMARG is up to the highest and most professional standards. 100% good, decent support, fast and professional response.

Stefan I.
We are the right choice
for you

When you own or register a .ro domain, look for hosting or manage multiple domains.

Register web domains, What extensions do you offer?
You can register through us all the main extensions. .ro domains or .eu domains but also international domain names: .com, .net, .org, .org, biz, .name
We have a domain, What hosting solutions do you offer?
We have a bigger site, which servers do you propose?
We have our servers, we bring them to ROMARG?
Easy to use

Both the website and the client area have been designed for quick and intuitive navigation.

Free Migration

Free transfer to ROMARG. Files, emails and databases.

Active Protection

We filter non-stop against viruses, spam, malware and DDOS attacks.

Free SSL Security

We offer customers hosting domains with us SSL Let's Encrypt for Free.





It is the #1 provider in Romania for web hosting and domain registration services. We manage over 1500 physical and virtual servers located in Romania in our own Data Center. The Data Center is located in Brasov and benefits from direct connectivity with most of the internet providers in Romania.



   
Our services
Domain Registration
Transfer Domains
Website Hosting
Wordpress Website Hosting
Magento Website Hosting
PrestaShop Website Hosting
OpenCart Website Hosting
SSL Domain Validation
SSL Validation Organization
SSL Extended Validation
SSL Wildcard
VPS servers
Dedicated Servers
Dedicated Storage Servers
Reseller Hosting
ROMARG
About us
Contact
We are hiring
Blog
Data Center
Our address

Str. Ionescu Crum, nr. 1, Brasov Business Park, 6th Floor, Tower 2. Brasov, Romania

+40.368 733800


Company details

ROMARG SRL
VAT Code: RO6529540
Reg. Com.: J14/900/1994

Copyright 2001-2024 © ROMARG SRL is registered in the Register of Personal Data Processing under no. 10904

All prices published on this website are in Euro and do not include VAT.
Legal Terms Privacy | GDPR Customer Support


Payment is made in Lei at the exchange rate 1€ = 4.9695 Lei.