 ROMs
 Emulators
 Tags
ADVERTISEMENT
Download Roms & Emulators
Nintendo DS
Playstation Portable
Gameboy Advance
Playstation 2
GameCube
Nintendo Wii
Super Nintendo
Playstation
Nintendo 64
Nintendo
SEGA Genesis
Gameboy Color
Gameboy
Dreamcast
MAME 037b11
Microsoft Xbox
Sega Saturn
Atari 2600
SNK Neo Geo
Sega Master System
Tattoo Fonts
View All Consoles
ADVERTISEMENT
5 Best Gaming Fonts That Would Shock Even Snorlax
One of the best ways to inject personality into your art if with typefaces. There are thousands of gaming fonts available for creatives to choose from and in this list we will go through the five best gaming fonts you can use for your next project. Get ready to be inspired and get your creative juices flowing.
View Full Story
Meet AltStore, an alternative iOS App Store with Nintendo Emulator
Developer Riley Testut announced today this alternative solution to the iOS App Store that will not requires jailbreak tools, which also works on Apple's latest update iOS 13. We have tested AltStore and it works as promised, but theres only one app available at this time which is Delta NES Emulator.
View Full Story
Nintendo's New Mario Kart Tour App Launch Full of Issues
Nintendo has released the iOS and Android version of it's hit racing series "Mario Kart" on Wednesday, but for those of us waiting to download the game ran into a few issues. Nintendo sent an in-app notification to all users who downloaded the game and were not able to play right away...
View Full Story
Shaun The Sheep Coming to Nintendo Switch This October
Aardman has announced the launch date for “Home Sheep Home: Farmageddon Party Edition” which is a video game title inspired by “Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon.” The game features soft and cozy art style and "endearing character animation", brought to you by Aardman Studios. Home Sheep Home: Farmageddon Party Edition will be available on Nintendo Switch in October 2019.
View Full Story
Happy 130th Birthday Nintendo!
Today, September 23rd, marks the 130th birthday of Nintendo. Nintendo was started in 1889 in Kyoto, Japan by Fusajiro Yamauchi and was originally named Nintendo Koppai. The company started off manufacturing playing cards before venturing off into a variety of other businesses. After work in taxis, 'love hotels', and many other opportunities, Nintendo began work in the electronics market and slowly became the Nintendo we know and love today.
View Full Story
Competitive Hacking Coming To The Nintendo Switch
Later this week, an arcade style hacking game is launching Exclusively on the Nintendo Switch platform. The game, set in a cyberpunk-themed world, is Cyber Protocol. In it, your mission is to bring your Android pal, G0X6, back to life by activating the protocol. Through 100 levels, you will need to avoid traps as well as use different hacking tricks to get through the systems and challenges you will face.
View Full Story
Nintendo Switch Lite Teardown: New Analog Stick Design?
Have the sticks on the new Nintendo Switch Lite Joy-Con controllers been upgraded? One of the biggest questions with the Nintendo Switch Lite has been whether or not the Joy-Con sticks have been upgraded in any way to address the drift issues. Sticks on the Nintendo Switch are known to suffer from this issue, which causes the sticks to continue to register an action after the sticks are released.
View Full Story
The Switch Lite Has First Case Of Drift Reported!
One issue with the Nintendo Switch that users had hoped would be solved in the Nintendo Switch Lite was controller drift. Controller drift occurs on the Joy-Con controllers sticks are released, however the action persists. An example would be a character continuing walking after a direction has been released.
View Full Story
ADVERTISEMENT
 NDS ROMs  PSP ROMs  GBA ROMs  Gamecube ROMs  Wii ROMs  SNES ROMs  PS2 ROMs  N64 ROMs  Pokemon ROMs
 Famous Fonts  Best AI ETF  Super Mario World ROM  Pokemon Platinum ROM  Pokemon Fire Red ROM  Pokemon Ruby ROM
 Help Safety Privacy Terms Contact
 Built by gamers, for gamers 