Visualization Software | House & Home Visualizer Tool | Roomvo Skip to content Business type Close Business type Open Business type Solutions Close Solutions Open Solutions Resources Close Resources Open Resources About us Book a demo Log into PRO Manufacturer Improve online engagement and access our network of 7,000+ retailers. Roomvo Visualizer Virtual Samples Roomvo Kiosk Roomvo Partner Program Roomvo Studio Independent Retailer Within minutes, showcase your products online and drive traffic to the showroom. Roomvo Sites Roomvo Assistant Roomvo Catalog Roomvo SiteAds Roomvo Kiosk Large Retailer Online and in-store visualization solutions that drive ‘on-the-spot’ sales and higher closing rates. Roomvo Visualizer Virtual Samples Roomvo Kiosk Roomvo Studio Distributor Empower yourself and your retail partners with the ultimate sales and analytics platform. Roomvo Visualizer Virtual Samples Roomvo Partner Program Roomvo Studio Real Estate Turn every listing into a personalized experience and drive up to 170% more showings. Roomvo Visualizer Roomvo Visualizer Learn more on Flooring Tile Interior paint Exterior paint Wallpaper Rugs Countertops Furnishings Roomvo Assistant Roomvo Catalog Roomvo Kiosk Roomvo Partner Program Roomvo Sites Roomvo Studio Roomvo Virtual Samples NEW Roomvo PRO Blog Get the latest tips and insights from industry experts. Resource Hub Explore the latest home decor trends and stay updated on Roomvo innovations. Community Where creativity and inspiration meets community. Visualize, design and share your dream spaces with Roomvo’s free tools. Room visualization done right Your partner for superior customer experiences, online and in-store. Book a demo A simpler, smarter way to shop. We are Roomvo. We bring hundreds of thousands of home decor products to life every day. Our state-of-the-art room visualization platform makes it easy for your shoppers to engage with your products in their own space, with an unrivaled level of realism. Whether you’re a manufacturer, retailer or distributor, we have the perfect digital and in-store visualization solutions to inspire your shoppers. Book a demo Over 7 K+ Retailers use Roomvo daily Retailers and manufacturers that use Roomvo see up to a 15% increase in sales annually. Over 1 B+ Products brought to life Since 2017, Roomvo has helped consumers from 180+ countries make their dreams a reality, each month. More than 5 X Conversions Roomvo helps shoppers make quicker and more confident purchase decisions. Awards FCNews Award of Excellence: Technology 2025 & 2024 “Roomvo eclipsed the combined [votes] total of Cyncly and Broadlume.” FCNnovation Awards: Technology 2024 ( Roomvo Inspire ) Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500 North America 2024, 2023, 2022 & 2021 Deloitte’s Technology Fast 50 Canada 2022 & 2021 Your products. Our platform. Roomvo inspires confidence in consumer decision making, leading to more sales and increased customer loyalty. Try our demos Multi-surface Flooring Rugs Wall decor Wall paint Wall tiles & wallpaper Furnishings Don't just sell. Inspire. Thousands of manufacturers, distributors, and retailers around the world trust Roomvo to deliver engaging shopping experiences and drive sales. Fuel revenue growth Harness the power of personalized shopping experiences that captivate customers and instill unwavering confidence in their purchase decisions. The result? A staggering increase of up to 5x the conversions, driving your revenue to new heights. Elevated shopping experiences Create immersive, personalized shopping experiences to foster customer loyalty and earn referrals. Reduce product returns Making it easy for shoppers to see your products in their space significantly lowers return rates and ensures that your products stay where they belong—in your customers’ homes. Stand out in a competitive market In-store and online, Roomvo delivers next-level shopping experiences that your customers won’t find anywhere else. Fuel revenue growth Harness the power of personalized shopping experiences that captivate customers and instill unwavering confidence in their purchase decisions. The result? A staggering increase of up to 5x the conversions, driving your revenue to new heights. Elevated shopping experiences Create immersive, personalized shopping experiences to foster customer loyalty and earn referrals. Reduce product returns Making it easy for shoppers to see your products in their space significantly lowers return rates and ensures that your products stay where they belong—in your customers’ homes. Stand out in a competitive market In-store and online, Roomvo delivers next-level shopping experiences that your customers won’t find anywhere else. See what Roomvo can do for your business. Book a demo Find a solution that's right for you. Manufacturer Improve online engagement and access our network of 7,000+ retailers. Independent Retailer Within minutes, showcase your products online and drive traffic to the showroom. Large Retailer Online and in-store visualization solutions that drive ‘on-the-spot’ sales and higher closing rates. Distributor Empower yourself and your retail partners with the ultimate sales and analytics platform. Real Estate Turn every listing into a personalized experience and drive up to 170% more showings. What our customers are saying The perfect partner We are a large company operating at a global scale but we keep our focus on the needs of the individual customer and work to deliver a fun, engaging experience to every customer, everywhere. Roomvo is the perfect partner in that enterprise. Fabian Kölliker Head of Marketing Swiss Krono Group Critical in closing a $10,000 sale A customer wanted to redo the entire second level of their home but were overwhelmed with all the samples available. We used Roomvo to help them preview different options. Roomvo made them feel confident in selecting their new floors. It was critical in closing a $10,000 sale. Cheryl Davidson VP, Operations Long Island Paneling Engages consumers This technology engages consumers and designers like nothing we’ve seen before. The ease of use and life-like results speed the selection process and generate excitement in the end user that translates into quickly closed sales. Danny Harrington VP, Product Strategy Galleher Instant gratification and increased confidence The response from customers has been phenomenal. Our customers love the ability to provide the end consumer with instant gratification and increased confidence in their selections resulting in a much higher close rate. Rupesh Shah President MSI $4,500 sale in 10 minutes One of our sales reps just made a $4,500 sale in 10 minutes after using Roomvo to show how the product would look in the customer’s home. Allan Alexanian Owner Alexanian Carpet & Flooring Previous Next The Roomvo Advantage More than 6,000 brands around the world partner with Roomvo to fuel growth. Exceptional customer support From launch through continued optimization, our dedicated team is ready to assist. Easy setup Simple product onboarding and maintenance. Device optimization Optimized for all devices. No apps to download and no instructions to read. Multi-language platform Roomvo supports dozens of languages including English, Spanish, Russian, French, German, Portuguese, Italian and more. Next-level room visualization Roomvo delivers realistic, accurate results in seconds. Unprecedented insights Manage your data directly and gain access to behavioural insights that drive better decision-making. Ready to transform your shopping experience? Let's talk Business type Manufacturer Independent Retailer Large Retailer Distributor Real Estate Manufacturer Independent Retailer Large Retailer Distributor Real Estate Solutions Roomvo Visualizer Roomvo Sites Roomvo Assistant Roomvo Catalog Roomvo Kiosk Roomvo Partner Program Roomvo PRO Roomvo Studio Roomvo Virtual Samples Roomvo Visualizer Roomvo Sites Roomvo Assistant Roomvo Catalog Roomvo Kiosk Roomvo Partner Program Roomvo PRO Roomvo Studio Roomvo Virtual Samples Corporate About us Partners Blog Careers Client login About us Partners Blog Careers Client login Contact us +1 888 526 7152 Get in touch Follow us © 2025 Roomvo | Roomvo is a registered trademark of Leap Tools Inc. Licenses Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie policy Accessibility policies & program Licenses Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie policy Accessibility policies & program Licenses Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie policy Accessibility policies & program Licenses Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie policy Accessibility policies & program The Roomvo Visualizer and associated products and features are protected by the following patents owned by Leap Tools Inc.: United States Patent Numbers: 10,817,648, 11,194,952, 11,200,365, 12,020,311. Canada Patent Numbers: 3,166,296. European Patent Numbers: EP3859566, EP4318272.