Roon - Music Player & Library Management Software | Free Trial About Home How Roon works Music experience Compatibility Sound quality Pricing Partners Nucleus Discover Nucleus Buy online (US & Canada) Buy online (Asia/Pacific) Buy online (EU) Buy online (UK) Buy online (AU & NZ) Resources Download Community Help center Blog Store Visit the Roon Store Free Trial Free Trial About Home How Roon works Music experience Compatibility Sound quality Pricing Partners Nucleus Discover Nucleus Buy online (US & Canada) Buy online (Asia/Pacific) Buy online (EU) Buy online (UK) Buy online (AU & NZ) Resources Download Community Help center Blog Store Visit the Roon Store Everything about music – browsing, discovery, collecting, and listening – is 10x more engaging with Roon. Start your FREE trial Everything about music – browsing, discovery, collecting, and listening – is 10x more engaging with Roon. Start your FREE trial ▼ ▼ A music experience fit for a super fan. Roon brings all your music together and adds tons of data – bios, reviews, photos, lyrics, tour dates, and cross-linked credits for performers, songwriters, producers, engineers, and composers. Music experience ⟶ Listen anywhere, at home or on the go. Forget walled gardens. Roon lets you play music on all the devices around your home: AirPlay, Chromecast, Roon Ready, Squeezebox, smart TVs, smart speakers, USB/HDMI players, and mobile devices. Compatibility ⟶ Audiophile-grade sound quality. If you love music, you want it to sound as big and lifelike as possible. Roon’s audio engine is designed to audiophile standards, and gives you the best performance while still being easy to use. Sound quality ⟶ What is Roon? There are lots of ways to listen to music. We'll help you understand what makes Roon different, and why over 100,000 music lovers use it every day. NUCLEUS The ultimate way to run Roon in your home. Learn more ⟶ Roon Home How Roon works Music experience Compatibility Sound quality Pricing Nucleus Discover Nucleus Buy online (US & Canada) Buy online (Asia/Pacific) Buy online (EU) Buy online (UK) Buy online (AU & NZ) Resources Download Community Help center Valence Privacy policy Roon Mastery Series CVD policy Press Kit Company About us Blog Contact Jobs Roon in the press Contact English Español Deutsch Français Italiano Polski 简体中文 繁體中文 日本語 한국어 GET UP TO 15% OFF NUCLEUS TITAN FIND RESELLER Celebrate with Holiday Savings Through Year-End 2025 Offer is valid only in certain regions. T&C apply.