RoPro - Roblox Extension Home Subscription Support RoPro Roblox Extension Made by Robloxians, for Robloxians. Install on Chrome 4.8/5 from 25,000+ reviews Animated RoPro themes Equip dozens of high quality animated themes! Toggle between 4K & HD video. More server filters Adds the subscriber only server filters. Filter the server list by datacenter region, best connection, or newest/oldest servers! More server filters (region, connection, uptime) Adjust your RoPro theme by selecting hue, saturation, and lightness. Other users will see these adjustments when they visit your profile. Avatar Sandbox outfits Name and save your sandbox outfits. Additional server info Adds additional info to each server on the server list. Hover to see the datacenter region of each server, the experience update version of each server, and the uptime of each server! Trade notifier Notifies you of new trades and calculates the value of each side of the trade and total win/loss value. You can decline inbound trades or cancel outbound trades directly from the notification. Optionally, you can disable declined trade notifications. Advanced trade search Adds a quick dropdown list of the user's limiteds to the trade search bar. Click on an item to filter the trade window. Trade value previews Preview the values of each trade on the sidebar. Quickly see if a trade is a win or loss. Account value on profiles View total limited item value of a user on their profile. Click the value to open the user's Rolimons profile. Note: Values are calculated by RoPro using updated Rolimons.com item values. Quick limited search Quickly visit an item page by typing in the search bar. Works if you enter an item's acronym or just part of an item's name. Active trade protection Monitors your outbound and inbound trades for bad trades and automatically cancels or declines them. Useful for cancelling missends and declining bad inbounds. As long as Chrome is open, bad trades will be automatically cancelled within seconds ROPRO FREE FEATURES Build any avatar in the Sandbox Equip & share RoPro Themes Track your playtime by game Quick search & quick play games Access recent servers you've left Quickly hop to random servers Filter servers by player count Create an invite link to any server Leave a Like on profiles View mutual friends on profiles View last online on profiles Customize the avatar editor's look Quick equip & unequip items Advanced Body Type editor Comment section on Limited items Add Your Discord#1234 to your profile (13+) View developer's twitter feed on game page (13+) And even more features! See a full, toggleable list of features with GIF tutorials in the RoPro Settings See More Features ROPRO PLUS $3.99 /month 450/month Cancel anytime. • Equip & share dozens of high quality animated RoPro Themes • Filter servers by connection & region for better ping • Customize the color, saturation, and brightness of RoPro Themes • Name & save your RoPro Avatar Sandbox outfits for later • View the region, uptime, and version of servers ...and even more upgrades! See a full list of features in the RoPro Settings :) Subscribe Monthly $3.99/mo Subscribe Yearly 16% discount ROPRO REX $7.99 /month Cancel anytime. • Trade notifier with calculator • Advanced item search in trades • View trade value on trades list • View account value on profiles • Quick limited search in navbar • Active Trade Protection Decline bad inbound and outbound trades based on custom win or loss ratio ...includes all Plus features! See a full list of features in the RoPro Settings :) Subscribe Monthly $7.99/mo Subscribe Yearly 16% discount ❮ ❯ 1,000,000 Total Users 10,000 Five Star Reviews Fully compatible with Roblox Plus and BTRoblox. RoPro is not endorsed, sponsored, or affiliated with the Roblox Corporation.
        Roblox and it's various marks and logos are trademarks of the Roblox Corporation. Copyright © 2025 RoPro Software Corporation Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscription Help Discord TikTok Twitter Group Please make sure that your Email Address is entered correctly. If it is misspelled, we won't be able to send your Subscription Activation Key to your inbox.