Rosenberger Group - Radio Frequency, High-Voltage and Fiber Optic Connections Rosenberger Hochfrequenztechnik GmbH & Co. KG en de Markets & Applications High-tech companies rely on the precision and reliability of Rosenberger’s high quality products. The Rosenberger group invests strategically in the development of new high-quality products, in the most advanced manufacturing and business processes, in resource conservation and environmental protection. Markets & Applications Rosenberger products stand for precision, durability and quality at the highest level. The company has considerable expertise in the automotive sector from two decades of designing and producing both customized solutions and standard products. Automotive Automotive Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Autonomous Driving Infotainment E-Mobility All-Terrain Light Electric Vehicles (LEVs) Test Equipment for Automotive Connectors The future with 5G connections for fast, secure and efficient data exchange Mobile Communication Mobile Communication Site Infrastructure Solutions Passive Intermodulation Testing Interconnect Solutions Open RAN The Rosenberger Group, as a development partner in the field of industrial measurement technology, designs and manufactures high-quality precision products for use in various measurement technology applications. Test & Measurement Test & Measurement Calibration Components & Services T&M Equipment / Passive Intermodulation Semiconductor Test & High-Speed Digital Connector Systems Automatic Test Equipment Partnerships LIGA & Monolithic Compliant Interconnect Cryogenic- and Quantum Technology Rosenberger is an experienced connection solutions partner to customers in the Industrial sectors. With a global presence, the company provides a comprehensive portfolio of innovative, high quality connection products backed by extensive professional services. Industry Industry IIoT Industrial Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs) Sensor Connectivity Smart Home Asset Tracking Rosenberger’s proven solutions competence ensures the delivery of reliable, innovative, high precision connectors for use in medical hardware and software components. Medical Medical Imaging Systems Communication Hospital Systems Therapy & Monitoring Systems Mobility Individual System Solutions DIN EN 9100, ESCC and MIL-PRF 39012 qualified components. Spaceflight, Aerospace & Defence Fiber Optic Intelligent business processes in the industrial sector require professional end-to-end solutions. Rosenberger serves the entire process chain with sophisticated hardware and software while also providing associated services for the respective business environments. Telematics Telematics Smart Engineering for Autonomous Tracking Solutions Telematics Solutions The company’s custom machining capability is highly impressive, providing maximum flexibility and resilience in terms of capacity utilization and logistics. In addition to extensive problem-solving, the Rosenberger Group offers production processes that are tailored to specific customer requirements. Custom Machining Products As a renowned manufacturer, the name Rosenberger is associated with the most advanced technology, quality and creativity. The Rosenberger Group provides a wide range of standardized and customized connectivity solutions in high-frequency and fiber optic technologies. Products Rosenberger designs and manufactures connectors that are engineered to reliably transmit data and power in numerous types of applications with various requirements. Connectors & Adaptors Connectors & Adaptors RF Coaxial Connectors Differential Data Connectors Precision Connectors Magnetic Connectors Board-to-Board Connectors Board-to-Cable Connectors Fiber Optic Connectors Power Connectors Circular Connectors Regardless of whether standard or custom assembly, Rosenberger develops and manufactures fit-for-purpose cable assemblies for signal-, data- and power transmission. Cable Assemblies Cable Assemblies RF Cable Assemblies Power Cable Assemblies Fiber Optic Cable Assemblies RF and Microwave Test Cables To fulfill the highest demands of R&D, test labs, or quality assurance departments, Rosenberger offers a comprehensive range of high-precision RF test & measurement products. Test Equipment Test Equipment PIM Analyzer Metrology Measurement Components Precision Connectors RF and Microwave Test Cables Test Equipment for Automotive Connectors Contactless Data and Power Transmission The demand for high-speed data transmission in global mobile networks continues to grow rapidly. The choice of connectivity products or solutions between the BBU/PSU, RRH and antenna is an essential key element to achieve the best network performance. Site Solutions Site Solutions Coax Feeders, Jumpers & Connectors FTTA / PTTA Connectivity Boxes Concealment and Streetwork Solutions In Building Solutions (IBS) Transmission Line Devices Installation Material & Accessories Rosenberger offers a wide range of specialist tools and accessories including those for crimping and handling crimp inserts, as well as torque wrenches and various extraction tools and accessories. Tools & Accessories Rosenberger provides customized solutions – cost-optimized and timely – from the initial idea right through to volume production. Customized Solutions Download catalogs, flyers and other latest product information as well as measurement data protocols for your products. Downloads Downloads Catalogs & Publications Measurement Data All Products News & Events Read the latest news from Rosenberger and check out our trade fair appearances. If you want to receive the latest news by email, register for our newsletter. News & Events News & Press Releases Application Notes & Papers Global Trade Shows Career Events Rosenberger Newsletter Info on SAP S/4HANA-Implementation Info on SAP S/4HANA-Implementation For Customers For Suppliers Company We have the pragmatic power of innovation that is needed to keep tackling new challenges and developing solutions that help our customers move forward. Company Headquarters Germany Managing Directors Rosenberger Worldwide Competencies Competencies Production Supply Management Research & Development Test Laboratory Product Design & Construction Continuous Process Improvement Custom Machining Quality Management Corporate Responsibility Corporate Responsibility Mission Statement Sustainability & Environment Product Compliance Global Trade Compliance Code of Conduct Information Security Occupational Safety and Health Whistleblowing A Tittmoning fitters workshop turns into a worldwide concern that is technically one of the most innovative as well as one of the largest and most reputable in its sector. History Certifications Terms & Conditions Career More than 15,700 employees work for the Rosenberger Group worldwide every day - 3,500 of them at our headquarters in Fridolfing. With their commitment and competence they are responsible for the success and the future of the company. You too can become an indispensable part of our team! Career In our job portal you will find all current vacancies for the Rosenberg headquarters in Fridolfing, Germany. Jobs Rosenberger Benefits Kick-Start Your Career at Rosenberger Kick-Start Your Career at Rosenberger Internships Pupils Students & Graduates Professionals Production Divisions & Teams Divisions & Teams Product Development Purchasing Supply Chain Management Quality Management Global Operations Information Technology Production Apprenticeship & Studies FAQ about your application - Here you will find the most frequently asked questions and answers when applying for a job at Rosenberger. Information for Your Application Career Events Contact Our connectivity experts will be happy to give you further information on our solutions. Get in contact with us to find the best connection solution for your application. Contact Headquarters Germany Contact Persons Headquarters Sales & Locations Worldwide Contact Form Product Catalog Menu Time for cookies and settings Necessary Cookies Analytical Cookies Social Media Marketing Cookies Submit Select all and submit This website uses cookies that are necessary for its operation, for statistical analysis, to enable you to share content on social networks or to show you interest-based advertising. Depending on the level activated, you accept the previous levels by clicking on the corresponding button. By clicking on "Submit" or "Select all and submit", you consent to the processing of your data by the relevant services. Privacy Policy & Change Settings Detailed Information Connectivity Solutions for Drone-Applications (UAVs) Learn more RoProxCon ® Evaluation Board for High-Speed Contactless Data Transmission Learn more about the Eval-Board SPE - From the Sensor to the Cloud with Single Pair Ethernet Learn more about the future of IIoT Connecting E-Mobility Products for High-Voltage, Low-Voltage and LEV ESA qualified Solutions for Spaceflight & Aerospace Applications Learn more about Rosenberger's Space Heritage Semiconductor Test & High-Speed Digital Solutions Discover Probes and Customer-Specific Solutions Coaxial and Differential Data Connectors Solutions for Future Vehicle Networks Shorter Product Life Cycles Require Flexibility in Production Learn more about our Production Technologies Interconnect Portfolio for 5G RAN Applications Mobile Communication Solutions Rosenberger Group Radio Frequency, Fiber Optic and High-Voltage Connectivity Solutions Renowned high-tech companies in mobile and telecommunications, industrial measurement technology, automotive electronics, medical and industrial electronics, data technology and aerospace, rely on the precision and reliability of Rosenberger’s high quality connectors and cable assemblies. Headquartered in Germany, with a global network of over 15,000 employees we focus on cutting-edge technology and highly efficient manufacturing processes. Latest News 11/24/2025 Global Automotive Strategy & Sales Meeting 2025 For the first time, the international Rosenberger Automotive Sales & Strategy Meeting 2025 took place in Altötting. Altötting is known worldwide as a place of pilgrimage and served as the spiritual home of former Pope Benedict XVI. It was therefore… Learn more 10/27/2025 Josef Rottenaicher new CFO at Rosenberger Group Rosenberger Hochfrequenztechnik GmbH & Co. KG appointed Josef Rottenaicher as the new Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Rosenberger Group on October 1, 2025. Learn more 09/09/2025 HVR ® 25 – Precision Without Complexity HVR ® 25 – Precision Without Complexity Rosenberger Launches Smallest Shielded High-Voltage Connectors up to 40 Ampere Learn more 08/08/2025 RPC-0.80 - Ready for Measurements up to 145 GHz The new Rosenberger RPC-0.80 series delivers reliable, repeatable high frequency performance up to 145 GHz – meeting the needs of advanced semiconductor and test & measurement applications. Learn more Responding to Future Market Needs As a leading international manufacturer, the name Rosenberger is associated with the most advanced technologies, development capabilities and quality. The Rosenberger Group – with its headquarters in Germany and sales and manufacturing locations around the world – provides a wide range of standardized and customized connectivity solutions in high-frequency, high-voltage and fiber optic technologies. These solutions ensure the reliable transmission of signals, data and power in highly demanding applications. Renowned high-tech companies in mobile and telecommunications, industrial measurement technology, automotive electronics, medical and industrial electronics, data technology and aerospace, rely on the precision and reliability of Rosenberger’s high quality products. Markets & Applications Welcome to our Global Fiber Optic Solutions Business Discover boundless connectivity with our secure and efficient solutions, tailored to meet all your fiber optic requirements Rosenberger Fiber Optic is a major player in the worldwide fiber optic industry. Part of the Rosenberger Group, we are a leading provider of end-to-end passive optical infrastructure as well as innovative solutions across all fiber optic network application areas. We understand the importance of progressive fiber optic network evolution. Our solutions empower your networks with unprecedented improvements in efficiency, reliability, and scalability. With our innovative technologies and expertise, we enable you to stay one step ahead in a fast-changing digital landscape. Read on to find out how we’re setting new standards wherever the future relies on fiber optics. Learn more about Rosenberger Fiber Optic Top Jobs at Rosenberger Join our Team! Set-up Technician for Prototype and Mass Production (m/f/d) As a set-up technician, you are responsible for maintenance, technical processes, and quality. With your technical expertise, you contribute to the production of promising products that are used globally. Technical Project Manager for Automotive Data Connector (m/w/d) (m/f/d) Rosenberger's technical project managers are the driving force behind our data transmission solutions. We work directly with renowned automotive manufacturers in an international environment. Maintenance Technician - Production / Surface Technology (m/f/d) As a maintenance technician in our surface technology department, you will use your expertise to ensure smooth processes, implement innovative solutions, and help our components to reach their highest quality standards. Set-up Technician for Assembly Automation (m/f/d) As a set-up technician, you will prepare production equipment, correct handling systems, analyze errors, and ensure quality, productivity, and smooth order processing. Connectivity Solutions Radio frequency, fiber optic and high-voltage connectors and cable assemblies are the heart of our portfolio. But our competence in connectivity is also shown in our T&M equipment, antennas and telematics devices. Show Rosenberger Product Portfolio Contact Downloads Social Media Phone +49 8684 18-0 +49 8684 18-0 info@rosenberger.com Sales & Locations Worldwide Authorized Distributors You don’t want to miss any news, stories and highlights? Click here: Rosenberger Group Newsletter Home Imprint Legal / Terms Privacy Policy Rosenberger Group Europe Rosenberger Hochfrequenztechnik GmbH & Co. KG Headquarters Rosenberger Custom Machining Precision Manufacturing Rosenberger-OSI GmbH & Co. OHG Optical Solutions & Infrastructure Rosenberger Site Solutions Europe Site Solutions for the Wireless Infrastructure Industry CellMax Technologies AB Base Station Antennas Rosenberger Sverige AB Sweden Rosenberger Telematics GmbH Telematics Solutions from a Single Source HÖRL Kunststofftechnik GmbH & Co. KG High Precision Injection-Moulding Rosenberger Stanztechnik GmbH & Co. KG Punching and Forming Technology Rosenberger Hochfrequenztechnik GmbH & Co. KG Plant Radeberg Rosenberger Magyarország Kft. Hungary Rosenberger Automotive Cabling GmbH Germany Asia Pacific Rosenberger Asia Pacific Electronic Co., Ltd. Asia Pacific Rosenberger Interconnect India Private Limited India Rosenberger Automotive Japan Automotive Sales in Japan North America Rosenberger North America North America Rosenberger Site Solutions America Site Solutions for the Wireless Infrastructure Industry Rosenberger Network Solutions, LLC Empowering Industries, Connecting Futures South America Rosenberger South America South America Africa Rosenberger Tunisia S.a.r.l. Tunisia