Ross Dress For Less Skip Navigation Toggle navigation Home (selected) Stores Credit Card Found In-Store Store Locator Email Sign-up Instagram (opens in new window) Facebook (opens in new window) Ross Stores Dress For Less Save 10% today 1 and earn 5% back in rewards 2 on every Ross purchase with your Ross credit card. Learn More & Apply Now Our Year-End Winter Clearance is on now! Our Year-End Winter Clearance is on now! Find Your Store Found In-Store: Gifts Galore! Tag your instagram posts with @rossdressforless and #yesforless for a chance to be featured on our site. Get Inspired Save 10% today! Save 10% today! Save 10% today Footnote 1 and earn 5% back in rewards Footnote 2 on every Ross purchase with your Ross credit card. Learn More About The Ross Credit Card We’re Hiring! We’re Hiring! Flexible Hours & Scheduling Associate Discount & Benefits Career Growth Opportunities Inclusive Team Culture Apply Today For a Job (opens in new window) The perfect gift for any occasion! The perfect gift for any occasion! Give the gift of savings with a Ross gift card. Shop Gift Cards Sign Up for Emails See what we have in store for you! *Required field Your Contact Information Name (First and Last) ZIP Code * Email Address * By submitting this form, you have read and agreed to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Sign up Loading Sign Up for Emails See what we have in store for you! *Required field Your Contact Information Name (First and Last) ZIP Code * Email Address * By submitting this form, you have read and agreed to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Sign Up Loading Our Company About Us Careers (opens in new window) Social Responsibility (opens in new window) Diversity, Equality & Inclusion (opens in new window) Gift Cards Investors (opens in new window) Product Sourcing & Human Rights Support Contact Us For Associates (opens in new window) Legal Notices & Recalled Products Comparison Pricing Sitemap Credit Card Learn More & Apply Now for the Ross Credit Card Manage My Card (opens in new window) Learn More About the Ross Credit Card & Apply Now Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility (opens in new window) Do Not Sell My Personal Information ©2025 Ross Stores, Inc. All rights reserved. All merchandise is representative of the merchandise carried in our stores. Price, styles, colors, and items will vary by store. If you have trouble accessing this website, please call 800‑335‑1115 .