Rough Guides: Online Travel Agency for Tailor-Made trips | Rough Guides How it works Why travel tailor-made? Reviews Enquire now Trip Ideas Destinations Africa Asia Australasia Central America & the Caribbean Europe Middle East North America South America Travel Experts Bookshop Travel Guides Language Guides New Releases Menu Journeys rich in local insight Plan and book with vetted in-destination experts Select Country Start planning Trustpilot 4.8/5.0 Trustpilot 4.8/5.0 Step 1. Tell us about your dream trip Fill out a short form Step 2. Exclusive Feature Get proposals from multiple experts Collaborate, refine, and choose your best fit Step 3. Securely book your top choice And travel with 24/7 concierge service Learn more about the process Why travel this way? Authentic and Personalized Experience Authentic and Personalized Experience Carefully vetted by us, our local experts on the ground are your best guarantee of a truly authentic trip. Since you’ll plan every detail directly with them, your itinerary will be fully tailored to your needs. Hassle-free Planning & Secure Payment Hassle-free Planning & Secure Payment No more hours spent researching trip ideas, hunting for trusted in-destination experts, or chasing down quotes. Now, it’s all in one place — with secure payment released to your local expert just before the trip, and credit card protection included. Easy Travel & 24/7 In-Destination Assistance Easy Travel & 24/7 In-Destination Assistance Who will pick me up at the airport? What if I get sick? Can I trust the people I meet along the way? Once you're traveling — no worries. Your local expert is available 24/7 to support you and handle anything that comes up. Support for Local Communities Support for Local Communities By traveling with local experts who live where you're going, you directly support local communities and economies. You're not just a tourist — you're a true contributor. You make a difference. Explore 90+ Destinations with Local Expertise Costa Rica Greece India Italy Mexico Morocco Thailand Vietnam see all destinations See what our travelers say Trustpilot Rated 4.8/5.0 Howard, US 19/04/2025 Our week in Athens and Crete last week could not have gone more perfectly. I usually enjoy planning my family travels. I feel like beginning the planning is like starting the trip. With a very limited time period and the wanting to accommodate the needs of teenaged grandchildren and grandparents in our eighties, I felt there was no room for error. Working closely with Julia produced an exciting, comprehensive experience none of us will ever forget. Our expectations and needs were fulfilled, under the guidance of Julia’s patient, kind expertise. Paul, UK 23/02/2025 My Rough Guides Expert experience was 1st Class. From my initial thoughts on where i'd like to go in India to the comprehensive schedule with accomodation, transport, driver, guides and timings developed and agfreed between myself and Julie Clark at Indian Stories. My adventure was fulfiling, ticked all the boxes, ensured my safety and well being throughout. As a solo traveller, age 61, it was important to feel fully supported. Keith, UK 31/01/2025 Julie from Rough Guides put together an itinerary for the two of us travelling around India for four weeks. We both tweaked it until we were both completely happy. It was a wonderful experience, and Julie's depth of knowledge and attention to detail made it a most amazing month for both of us. Everything worked like clockwork, the transport, hotels, guides, etc, were all spot on. If you are planning a trip to one of the most wonderful countries on the planet, simply contact Rough Guides, they will put you on to Julie, and she will do the rest. See all reviews → Unlock your next adventure with local experts See All Experts  → Annalisa Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for Italy Ravi Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for India Roberto Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for Costa Rica Mohamed Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for Morocco Valentine Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for France Gabriela Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for Bolivia Ivy Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for Thailand Sabine Verified by Rough Guides Local Expert for France Check our travel ideas Crafted with by local experts See all trip ideas Why Rough Guides? Millions Of travelers trusted our services and products. 4.8/5 Rating based on our customers' feedback. Hundreds Verified local experts across 90+ destinations. 50+ Years of expertise in the travel industry. learn more about us Our top itineraries Costa Rica 10 days itinerary The best 10-day Italy itinerary Costa Rica 7 days itinerary The best 7 Day Morocco itinerary Find more travel inspiration The Rough Guide to the 26 best places to travel in 2026 Costa Rica Travel Guide Kurashiki Kamakura Arrange your trip, hassle-free, with local travel experts Arrange your trip with local travel experts Start planning We support you to make the most of your time on earth Follow us on About us About Rough Guides Bookshop Contact us FAQs Work with us Blog Top Destinations Italy Portugal Croatia Iceland Costa Rica Scotland Argentina Tailor-made travel How it works Travelers Reviews Booking Protection Policy Copyright © 2025 Apa Digital AG, all rights reserved. No parts of this site may be reproduced without our written permission. Our Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy apply . This site is owned by Apa Digital AG, Bahnhofplatz 6, 8854 Siebnen, Switzerland. Rough Guides® is a trademark owned by Apa Group with its headquarters at 7 Bell Yard London WC2A 2JR, United Kingdom.