Rover Platform Blog Case Studies Book a Demo Book a Demo Engage and monetize your fan base Deliver brilliant, personalized fan experiences to the right fan, at the right time. Book a Demo Monetize Drive marketing conversions and branded activations that enhance the fan experience Personalize Unlock true one-to-one potential with personalized content delivered at scale Engage Deliver brilliant fan experiences to the right fan, at the right time Take ownership over your app's fan experience with a library of templates and a flexible experience studio. Book a Demo Rover is a fan-first mobile marketing solution that empowers your team to deliver brilliant experiences to the right fan at the right time. Leverage our ticketing and other category-specific integrations to drive better conversions for your marketing campaigns. Effortlessly create personalized experiences for your fans with no developer time or app updates required. Client Testimonials “The team at Rover truly became an extension of our in-house digital and marketing teams. With their impressive client roster across many major sports leagues, they bring to the table best bets and practices to serve as jumping off points for our own in app experiences. Their product is easy to use and their onboarding ensures that our end users are set up to hit the ground running and be successful." Matt Ship Vice President - Digital and Innovation at Milwaukee Bucks “Using Rover we were able to create a personalized season ticket member portal for our fans. This portal gives every season ticket holder a true one to one digital experience that as had a huge impact on their in-arena member experience.” Tatum Rehorn Senior Manager of Digital Strategy at the Phoenix Suns “Rover has been a  game changer for us in delivering pre and post game content, delivered automatically to fans, enhancing the fan experience and driving marketing outcomes.” Georgia Sapounas Sr. Manager, Digital Products at the Cleveland Cavaliers Case Studies Vancouver Canucks Scavenger Hunt Read More Atlanta Falcons Mobile App Onboarding Read More Denver Broncos Mobile Predictive Gaming Read More How Team Canada Enhanced their Fan Experience During the Olympics with Rover Read More Learn more about how the Rover platform can transform your mobile strategy! Book a Demo Link One Link Two Link Three Link Four Link Five © 2024 Rover Labs Inc. Terms of Service • Privacy Statement