RPG Site RPG Site on X RPG Site on Facebook RPG Site on YouTube RPG Site on Bluesky RPG Site on Discord RPG Site on Patreon RPG Site news feed Toggle: light/dark mode News Articles Reviews Games Platforms Podcast RPG Site Best of 2025 Awards: Our picks for the best of the year From new franchises to big sequels to impressive remakes, there was a large variety of role-playing games released this year. From that list, here are our favorites from 2025. RPG Site's Most Anticipated RPGs of 2026 "I do want to release a completely original solo album" - Yuka Kitamura on music composition, working on boss themes, freelance, and more Latest Updates Branching Path: Mikhail Madnani's Top 10 Games of 2025 2025 was a year filled with many surprises, two new consoles (for me), tons of comparisons, loads of indie games, and some surprise games coming out on top. feature by Mikhail Madnani on 31 December, 2025 Interview with Matt Sernett - Narrative Leader on Battlemarked and former Lore Master for D&D We sit down with Matt Sernett, narrative lead on Demeo X Dungeons & Dragons: Battlemarked, about getting his start with writing for TTRPGs, working as Lore Master at Wizards of the Coast, his work on Battlemarked, and even what character of his creeped out Chris Perkins, former creative director for D&D. interview by Scott White on 30 December, 2025 Fantasy Life i: The Girl Who Steals Time has sold over 1.5 million copies worldwide Level-5 announces a new sales milestone for its slow-life RPG Fantasy Life i: The Girl Who Steals Time. news by Mikhail Madnani on 29 December, 2025 RPG creators in Japan share their aspirations and plans for 2026 The teasers range from Level-5 shifting their focus to DecaPolice, to Rabbit & Bear Studios preparing a brand-new game. news by Kite Stenbuck on 28 December, 2025 Granblue Fantasy will be formally available worldwide on PC via Steam on March 10 Even though the Steam client will support both English & Japanese, it will not be available for Japan or existing players. news by Kite Stenbuck on 28 December, 2025 Branching Path: Josh Torres’ Top 10 Games of 2025 A year filled with surprises - many new games I fell in love with either from no established IP and/or series I previously didn't engage with; meanwhile, many of my old flames have... withered away, but maybe that's good. feature by Josh Torres on 26 December, 2025 Dragon Quest X Online version 8 update on June 25 will end free Kids Time and browser client accesses Going forward, players will have to pay subscriptions to play the MMORPG on PS4, Switch, or a Windows PC client. news by Kite Stenbuck on 26 December, 2025 Shuten Order Nintendo Switch 2 Edition physical release launches on April 23, 2026 Spike Chunsoft, Exnoa, and Too Kyo Games announce the Shuten Order Switch 2 and Switch physical release date. The Japanese physical release is also slated to include English. news by Kite Stenbuck and Mikhail Madnani on 26 December, 2025 VIractal: World of Viractalia v0.3.0 update patch adds new stage Hell Grave and new character Sniper Grey The game's story also reaches its climactic battle in the newwly added stage. news by Kite Stenbuck on 25 December, 2025 Chrono Trigger Orchestral Arrangement album gets a new trailer with samples of each track Square Enix releases samples of the Chrono Trigger Orchestral Arrangement songs alongside a new trailer. news by Mikhail Madnani on 25 December, 2025 Next page Recent Reviews Pokemon Legends: Z-A Mega Dimension 6 Assassin's Creed Shadows Nintendo Switch 2 7 Romancing SaGa: Minstrel Song Remastered 9 Let It Die: Inferno 3 Octopath Traveler 0 8 Scroll to top ↑ Copyright © 2006-2026 Mist Network and its owners. All rights reserved. Operated by Double Black Limited. Powered by Mist Engine. RPG Site About / FAQ Ethics statement Privacy & Legal Staff Write for us Advertise Contact RSS Feeds SOCIAL MEDIA Twitter YouTube Channel Facebook Steam Curator Group Discord Chat Community Forums RSS Feed RECOMMENDED Video Games Chronicle SECTIONS News Articles Reviews Games Platforms Podcast