Bitcoin Smart Contracts - Build on Bitcoin | Roostock (RSK) Skip to content Build Develop Docs Funding Hackathons Contribute Rootcamp Use Get rBTC Ecosystem Tokens Use cases Institutions Explore Technology Powpeg Merged mining Union Bridge Roadmap Blog Español Get rBTC Do more with Bitcoin on Rootstock. The Bitcoin DeFi Layer. Start using Rootstock MetaMask not detected. Install MetaMask to get started. Trusted by the best The home of DeFi  on Bitcoin 01 Some of the best apps and protocols are bringing DeFi to Bitcoin with rBTC, Rootstock’s native Bitcoin asset. From swapping and staking with Sushi, to yield with Beefy and trading with Oku, Rootstock is the home of DeFi on Bitcoin. Bridged with major chains 02 Easily bring your assets to Rootstock from over 20 of the leading blockchains including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Arbitrum and Base. Rootstock’s EVM compatibility makes it easy to integrate into existing dApps or build something entirely new. Resilient & battle tested 03 Rootstock’s network and native bridge, the PowPeg are secured by Bitcoin’s proof-of-work (PoW). This makes Rootstock one of the most reliable blockchains in existence with 100% uptime since launching in 2018. 0% % BTC hash rate mining Rootstock 0 rBTC BTC locked in PowPeg 0 # Monthly Transactions 04 Use Unlock the full potential of your Bitcoin with Rootstock Maximize your Bitcoin earnings with Rootstock. Learn how to earn yield, join a liquidity pool or get a loan using your Bitcoin as collateral. With an ecosystem of more than 150 partners, every DeFi use case is possible on Bitcoin. Explore the ecosystem 05 Develop Build on the world’s most secure Bitcoin sidechain Build apps secured by Bitcoin today with Rootstock. EVM compatible and supported by the leading developer tools; oracles, indexers, Rootstock is the most advanced and complete infrastructure for building on Bitcoin. Build on Bitcoin with Rootstock 06 Join The fastest growing DAO for Bitcoin Builders Your browser does not support the video tag. Join RootstockCollective to access funding opportunities and to grow your project, become an active builder and create added value on Rootstock while getting rewarded. Learn more Your browser does not support the video tag. 07 Subscribe Newsletter Sign up to get monthly updates Loading... Build Together Build Docs Hackathons Funding Contribute Use Get rBTC Ecosystem Use cases Institutions Explore Technology Powpeg Merged mining Union Bridge Roadmap Blog Community Events Ambassadors Research Forum Contact Get rBTC Contact Us WHITEPAPER Original.pdf Updated.pdf Rif.pdf © 2024. RootstockLabs. All rights reserved Rootstock Public Key (2ED3 E888 0384 D3D9 70B6 A612 BEBC A6A9 63F6 1479) Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions