RSM US | Assurance, tax, consulting services for the middle market High Contrast Dropdown language Selected region: United States Region Global Africa Asia Pacific Europe Latin America MENA North America Countries Afghanistan Albania Andorra Angola Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Cayman Islands Chad Channel Islands Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eswatini Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Guernsey Honduras Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary India Indonesia Iraq Ireland (Republic of) Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lebanon Luxembourg Macedonia (Republic of North) Malawi Malaysia Malta Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Morocco Mozambique Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Singapore Slovakia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Tunisia Turkey UAE Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Newsroom Events Subscribe Solutions and services Explore RSM's solutions and services Industry Services Technologies Asset management Automotive Business services Capital markets Construction Consumer goods Energy Financial institutions Financial services Food and beverage Government Government  contracting Health care Insurance Life sciences Manufacturing Nonprofit and education Private equity Professional services Real estate Retail Specialty finance Technology companies See all industries AI, analytics and cloud services Audit and assurance Business applications Family office services Financial consulting Global business services Managed services and outsourced solutions Management consulting Deal services Private client Private company Public company Risk consulting Sustainability services Tax services See all services and capabilities Technology alliance platforms BlackLine Boomi Cisco Dayforce Microsoft NetSuite Sage Intacct Salesforce ServiceNow UKG See all strategic technology alliances RSM platforms CorporateSight FamilySight PartnerSight Insights Explore RSM insights Perspectives to help you get ahead By topic By industry By service area By technology platform Featured topics 2025 economic and policy updates Generative AI Middle market economics Environmental, social and governance Supply chain Tax policy Workforce Real Economy publications The Real Economy The Real Economy Industry Outlooks RSM US Middle Market Business Index The Real Economy Blog Automotive Construction Consumer goods Energy Financial services Food and beverage Government Health care Life sciences Manufacturing Nonprofit  and education Private equity Professional services Real estate Restaurant Retail Technology companies See all industry insights AI, analytics and cloud services Audit and assurance Business strategy and operations Business tax Family office Financial consulting Global business services Managed services Mergers and acquisitions Private client services Public company Risk, fraud and cybersecurity Technical resources and analysis Financial reporting resources Tax regulatory resources Featured platform alliances Microsoft NetSuite Sage Intacct Salesforce ServiceNow Platform user insights and resources RSM Technology Blog RSM platforms CorporateSight FamilySight PartnerSight About RSM About RSM Discover what makes RSM the first-choice advisor to middle market leaders globally. Experience the power of being understood About us AI at RSM Inclusion Leadership Locations Middle market focus Our global approach Our strategy RSM alumni connection RSM Impact Report RSM Classic experience Stewardship Careers Careers Experience the power of being you Get to know us Explore career opportunities Experience RSM Your career at RSM Student opportunities Experienced professionals Executive careers Life at RSM Rewards and benefits Spotlight on culture RSM truly supports the integration of career and personal aspirations—one of the reasons I love the firm. Amy Fischer, Onboarding and Development Leader, RSM US See all current job postings at RSM Work with us Careers in assurance Careers in consulting Careers in operations Careers in tax Our team in India Our team in El Salvador Apply for open roles Spotlight on culture RSM has provided an unmatched support system. I believe joining RSM was the best career decision I could have made. Samiah Leggett, Senior Associate, RSM US See all current job postings at RSM Contact RSM Search RSM: Assurance, tax and consulting services for middle market leaders One of the RSM team Future-focused technology powered by human insights helps you move forward with confidence. Take charge of change and step into the future with the strength of our team supporting your goals. That's the power of being understood. That's the power of RSM. Inform your next step with our analysis of today's key drivers of change: Swipe for more insights OBBBA: What it means for your business strategy OBBBA tax changes are reshaping how businesses plan, invest and operate. Our modeling service helps you understand the impact on cash flow, structure and strategy—so you can move forward with confidence. Learn more and contact an advisor today Careers Seize opportunity to make a meaningful impact—on your career, your clients, your RSM team and your community. Your RSM journey starts here A culture of inclusion We celebrate the differences among our talented people and enable them to embrace full ownership of their work and personal lives. Discover the power of being you RSM newsroom RSM is in the news and making news. Stay updated on our latest announcements and unique insights from thought leaders in the media. See news releases and media coverage Experience RSM Services Perspective Talent Digital Understanding How we can help In a world of constant change, it's critical to embrace the power of progress. There is no better way to chart your path than working with advisors who have insight into your business issues, paired with broad service offerings and global technical resources. Let’s work together to design solutions to drive your business forward. Or start with your industry in mind . Assurance AI, data and infrastructure services Business tax advisory Family office services Financial consulting Managed services Management consulting Private company services Public company services Risk consulting Sustainability services Transaction advisory Middle market research and insights In the real economy things just hit differently.  Understand why to decide what's next. You need to feel confident implementing change that aligns with your business strategy and global industry trends. Our dedicated economic team paired with our robust research program builds perspectives to support that confidence. Middle Market Business Index Annual Cybersecurity Report Middle Market AI Survey The Real Economy Supply Chain Special Report US and Canada Sustainability Survey Economics team Industry Eminence Program Workforce Special Report Our best, your best Caring. Curious. Collaborative. Courageous. Critical-thinking. Our team members bring these values to bear daily for every client in everything we do.  Get to know us and you'll quickly understand why our people are the faces of RSM . Interested in joining the team? Learn more about life at RSM. Open positions Stories from our team Stewardship Driving digital forward Innovation waits for no one. Know you are taking the next right step. At RSM, we embrace and invest in digital tools to enhance your RSM experience. And bring forward digital solutions to enable your business. That's the power of progress. Artificial intelligence at RSM AI, analytics and cloud myRSM Tax RSM Luca Microsoft and RSM: AI Copilot Strategic technology alliances A compelling client experience In a world of complexity and ambiguity, change is both inevitable and vital. Our first-choice advisors listen, understand and lean into uncertainty to help you make confident decisions.  This is power of being understood. Delivering on our vision and values Our global approach RSM US and RSM UK transatlantic merger RSM Classic—the ultimate client experience 2024 global network results Explore ideas and opportunities to move your business forward Topic AICPA matters Anti-money laundering Artificial intelligence Automation Blockchain CECL COVID-19 Cryptocurrency Customer experience Cybersecurity Data analytics Digital assets Digital evolution Distressed real estate Economics Election Employee benefit plans Employee benefits ESG Financial reporting Going public Inclusion Inflation Innovation International standards Labor and workforce Lease accounting Opportunity zones PCAOB matters Pillar two Policy Revenue recognition SEC matters SPAC State tax nexus Stewardship Supply chain Industry Automotive Business services Construction Consumer goods Education Energy Financial services Food & beverage Gaming Government Government & public sector Government contracting Health care Life sciences Manufacturing Media & entertainment Nonprofit Private clubs Private equity Professional services Real estate Restaurant Retail Technology industry Telecommunications Service Audit Business applications Business strategy Business tax Data & digital services Digital transformation Due diligence Family office services Financial consulting Financial management Global services Managed cloud and IT Managed services Management consulting Mergers & acquisitions Outsourced solutions Private client services Regulatory compliance Risk consulting Transaction advisory Technology Alteryx Blackline Boomi Cisco CorporateSight Dayforce FamilySight Microsoft NetSuite PartnerSight Sage Intacct Salesforce ServiceNow UKG Clear filters Load more insights Swipe for more insights The Real Economy Blog Providing timely economic insights about the middle market Featured post American economy is a resilient beast even as job creation slows Read the full story Latest posts Market Minute: When the Fed’s reserves go from abundant to ample Market Minute: How sticky wages and inflation affect interest rates 5 things to know in life sciences: Week of Dec. 15, 2025 SWIPE TO VIEW OTHER ARTICLES View all insights from The Real Economy Blog Follow RSM: THE POWER OF BEING UNDERSTOOD ASSURANCE | TAX | CONSULTING Follow RSM: RSM US Services Industries Technologies Topics About RSM Newsroom Events Subscribe Contact us Locations RSM US client portals Worldwide locations Africa Asia Pacific Europe Latin America MENA North America RSM blogs Economy Technology RSM US LLP is a limited liability partnership and the U.S. member firm of RSM International, a global network of independent assurance, tax and consulting firms. The member firms of RSM International collaborate to provide services to global clients, but are separate and distinct legal entities that cannot obligate each other. Each member firm is responsible only for its own acts and omissions, and not those of any other party. Visit rsmus.com/about for more information regarding RSM US LLP and RSM International. © 2025 RSM US LLP. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Sitemap Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information (California)