We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features as well as to manage the webiste and analyse our traffic. We also may share this information with our social media and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.

Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.

Preferences
Allow all
Reject all
About Us
Newsletter
Opt Out
Privacy Center
Technology
Offer
Case Studies
Resources
Blog
Careers
Contact us
NEXT-GEN PERFORMANCE ADVERTISING
Accelerate revenue at scale.
Capture what others miss.

Add Deep Learning-powered campaigns to your existing
marketing stack. Drive growth on web and app.

Next-Gen Tech
HOW WE'RE DIFFERENT
First-Party Advertising
powered by Deep Learning 
makes us different in kind

Keep using the solutions you already have. We
complement your performance marketing stack, and
accelerate sales at scale. Here’s how:

FIRST-PARTY ADVERTISING
Build on what lasts

Activate first-party signals from your best customers. Identify patterns that reveal what drives performance. Use those insights to find new customers, secure top quality ad placements, and generate creative that inspires and converts. With no pooling and no selling of your first-party data, you’re building an exclusive competitive edge.

DEEP LEARNING
Scale what
others miss

Leverage the combination of massive computing power and next-generation AI to identify non-obvious converters and address complex paths to purchase. Recommend products not previously viewed. And drive additive revenue at scale.

Connect, Combine, and Accelerate

57%

Added scale at set ROAS.

61%

of purchased products
were not previously viewed.

44%

engagement lift with
IntentGPT-based
contextual targeting.

0%

selling or sharing of
your proprietary data.

HOW WE DELIVER
Cut through the noise with
Shoppable Creative

We display on-brand shoppable creative with personalized product
recommendations based on first-party signals. Delivered across the entire
purchase journey, it accelerates performance and strengthens your brand.

Conversion

Acquisition

Acquisition / Engagement

Engagement

Demand Generation

WHAT WE OFFER
First-Party Performance Advertising
for Web and App

Drive additive sales at scale through a virtuous cycle of conversion,
customer acquisition, engagement, and demand generation.

Next-Gen Retargeting
Acquisition
Engagement
Demand Generation
Next-Gen Retargeting

Maximize conversion by capturing non-obvious converters that others miss while making novel product recommendations. Deploy engaging, brand-friendly shoppable creative to drive sales.

Add next-gen retargeting to create momentum and generate actionable insights used in the next phases of the cycle.

Acquisition

Generate initial conversion from new-to-file customers. Leverage multi-touch efforts, and dynamic product ads.

Get insights about the most valuable new customers, best performing media, and top creative from conversion tactics.

Engagement

Engage infrequent visitors and high-intent prospects with personalized, shoppable creative and video with product overlay ads. 

Use richer formats, higher-quality placements and contextual insights from IntentGPT and acquisition efforts.

Demand Generation

Showcase your products and brand message among high-intent prospects. Use video and display ads with product overlays to guide prospects toward purchase.

Deploy broader messaging to maximize brand impact.

Fueling the virtuous cycle of growth
HOW WE WORK

4 / 4

“We’ve worked on previous successful campaigns with RTB House and knew we could approach them again to take care of our pre-holiday message campaign. Once again, they came through with impressive results that delivered on every point. It’s great to have such cooperation with a trusted provider that understands the industry and who we can collaborate with for specific media campaigns at Steve Madden.”

Maayan Shlomov

Digital & ecommerce Manager, Steve Madden

Read more

“RTB House delivered an excellent campaign driving awareness and purchase consideration across our target audience with CTV and OTT across premium networks. Not only did we see measurable traffic from QR code scans and clicks, but our CPV rate was more efficient than what we have seen across other solutions such as Facebook and YouTube.”

Andy Hansen

CEO, Audi San Francisco

Learn more

“We started using RTB House in 2019 for our retargeting efforts, with the goal of driving our CPA as low as possible by using custom bidding strategies. As our advertising strategy became more ROI-driven, we were able to make better use of our budget thanks to the personalization and effectiveness of Deep Learning algorithms.”

Jesslyn Kwong

VP Digital Performance & Solutions, 99.co

Read more

"RTB House has consistently met or exceeded the goals we've set and has proved to be an important marketing partner. We've been impressed with both performance and service levels, so much so that we've expanded our collaboration beyond the U.K.”

Michael Dobinson

Head of Performance Marketing, Secret Escapes

Read more
CASE STUDIES
Results from
around the globe

Wherever you are, we’ll take you to
new places on the world wide web.

See more
Adding Traction to the U.K.’s Most Popular Car Marketplace
Automotive
Classifieds
Steve Madden Utilizes Deep Learning Video Campaign to Extend New User Reach
Fashion
Deep Learning Secures a 200% Increase for Miinto
Fashion
The Next-Generation Performance DSP

New York

London

Shanghai

Home
Next-Gen Tech
IntentGPT
Case Studies
Resources
Blog
Contact
Offer
Personalized Retargeting
Branding
For industries
For agencies
Gaming
In-app
Learn more
Careers
About Us
MarTech Terminology
Partners
Techblog
Cookie preferences
Newsletter

Stay on top of the latest in digital ads. Sign up to our newsletter.

Modern Slavery Statement
Our Technologies
Investors
Tax Strategy 2021
Tax Strategy 2022
Tax Strategy 2023
Diversity & Inclusion Policy
Whistleblowing

Copyright © 2025 RTB House. All rights reserved.