RUCKUS Networks -- Purpose-driven enterprise networks Skip to content 0C64EFC4-860C-49F0-99F5-372FE557F13F Login My RUCKUS Support Portal Partner Portal RUCKUS One RUCKUS Analytics RUCKUS Unleashed Languages English Español Deustch Français Português 简体中文 日本語 Contact Solutions Technologies Products Resources Support Channel Partners Alliance Partners Insights Contact Us Login Contact Languages Back to Main Menu Solutions Solutions Back to Solutions Solutions E-Rate Resource Center for Connectivity Industries Hospitality Multi-Dwelling Units Primary (K-12) Education Higher Education Large Public Venues Managed Service Providers &nbsp; Manufacturing, Warehousing, & Logistics Professional AV Smart Cities / Community Wi-Fi State and Local Government U.S. Federal Government Network-as-a-Service (NaaS) Back to Main Menu Technologies Technologies Back to Technologies Technologies View all technologies Artificial Intelligence by RUCKUS EquiFlex AI-driven radio resource management IntentAI AIOps Incident Analytics RUCKUS Security Innovations Dynamic Pre-Shared Key (DPSK) Network segmentation Secure onboarding Zero Trust Network Access RUCKUS Wi-Fi Innovations Auto cell sizing BeamFlex ChannelFly Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E Wi-Fi 7 RUCKUS Quality of service SmartCast QoS Mirroring Back to Main Menu Products Products Back to Products Products View all products Wireless Access Points Ethernet Switches Edge Systems IoT Networking Systems Network Access & Policy Service Assurance and Business Intelligence Network Reporting Optical Transceivers Accessories Network Control and Management Cloud-managed Systems Network Controllers WLAN Controllers Controller-less Systems Data Plane Network Monitoring Back to Main Menu Resources Resources Back to Resources Resources View all resources Discover Blogs Case Studies eBooks Events Industry Recognition Podcasts Training and Certifications Webinars Videos Implement Community Forums RUCKUS Technical Family Apps Calculators Developer Central Software Updates Back to Main Menu Support Support Back to Support Support Support Support Portal Professional Services Documentation Security Bulletins RUCKUS Community Forums Contact Us Back to Main Menu Partners Partners Back to Partners Partners Find a Partner Partner Locator Partner Portal Login RUCKUS BIG DOGS Partner Program Back to Main Menu Alliance Partners Back to Main Menu Insights Back to Main Menu Contact Us Back to Main Menu Login My RUCKUS Support Portal Partner Portal RUCKUS One RUCKUS Analytics RUCKUS Unleashed Back to Main Menu Languages English Español Deustch Français Português 简体中文 日本語 Give your enterprise a real edge Score a distinct advantage by extending your network from the cloud to the edge. Learn about Edge Systems from RUCKUS Get started Elevating Network Performance RUCKUS delivers purpose-driven networks powered by Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) that have been independently validated to outperform competitors. Experience how our innovations boost performance and lower the total cost of ownership. Have our specialists tailor your network and witness the transformative results yourself. Design my network The RUCKUS Advantage Schedule your demo Performance A RUCKUS network consistently delivers the required network performance to every end user, no matter how challenging the environment. Simplicity RUCKUS Networks provides a single platform to manage multiple access networks with zero-touch provisioning and simple, intuitive management. Adaptability Our interchangeable deployment options offer easy capacity expansion for future flexibility and investment protection. Innovation RUCKUS Networks delivers patented RF core technologies, AI-driven cloud RRM, AI-driven network assurance and more. Interoperability Open APIs enable RUCKUS technologies to integrate with third-party and homegrown applications. Industries Primary Education Closing the digital divide in primary education is easier with RUCKUS Wi-Fi and switching. Learn more Higher Education RUCKUS smart campus networks deliver better living, learning and safety to students and staff. Learn more Hospitality A RUCKUS network improves guest experiences, security and operations at your hotel, casino or resort. Learn more Large public venues (LPVs) Arenas, stadiums, theaters and other hard-to-cover, high-density locations are no match for the performance, efficiency and agility of a RUCKUS network. Learn more Multi-Dwelling Unit MDUs feel more like home with RUCKUS networking for apartments, dorms, senior living and other high-density residential environments. Learn more View all industries Technologies Wi-Fi 7 Wi-Fi 7 offers superior speeds and low latency with three-radio architecture. Learn more Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E The next generation of Wi-Fi performance removes bottlenecks and relieves the capacity crunch. Learn more Network segmentation Improve security and user experiences with RUCKUS expertise that divides your network into subnetworks for better performance and control. Learn more Secure onboarding RUCKUS Wi-Fi networks make onboarding and authentication simple and secure—a must-have for BYOD, guest users and IT-owned devices. Learn more Smart campus Take your network beyond the front door to connect users and devices anywhere and everywhere across your campus environment. Learn more View all technologies Don’t just take our word for it. We can prove it. RUCKUS builds purpose-driven networks that perform in the tough environments of the industries we serve. Request a demo Featured Resources RUCKUS Access Points RUCKUS AP advantage overcomes density, interference and complexity to deliver better Wi-Fi. Watch video RUCKUS Product Guide Explore the RUCKUS portfolio, from APs and switches to controllers, cloud services and software. Download the product guide The RUCKUS Advantage Explore the RUCKUS offerings and what sets RUCKUS apart. Download the quick reference guide Cloud-managed networks: Are they right for you? Join this webinar to understand the pros and cons of cloud-based management, whether it is the right fit for your organization, and which features you should prioritize. Watch the webinar Gartner Peer Insights™ Our customers are talking about us on Gartner Peer Insights that RUCKUS WLAN technologies get the job done. *As of 25 Feb 2025 Why we rate 4.5 out of 5 stars RUCKUS Technical Family The RUCKUS Technical Family (RTF) is a dynamic community of networking professionals offering free webinars, expert insights, and collaborative support, empowering members with the latest technology trends, curated resources, and global networking opportunities. Learn more Additional resources News Insights Filters Page Type Blog (159) Press Release (37) December 16, 2025 Blog Stop Downtime: Build Resilient Networks for Harsh Industrial Environments Learn proven strategies to address extreme conditions and RF interference, enabling reliable, resilient networks that keep manufacturing and warehousing productive. November 14, 2025 Press RUCKUS Networks Unveils AI and Wi-Fi 7 Innovations to Elevate Resident Experience and help Optimize Costs for MDU Stakeholders Built on the AI-driven RUCKUS One platform, the new MDU 360 capability, RUCKUS DSE AI assistant, and Wi-Fi 7 access points work together to bring intelligent network management and integrated Wi-Fi... August 02, 2025 Blog Top E-Rate Fundable Technologies for Schools and Libraries in 2025–26 Learn about the top emerging technologies that are E-Rate fundable to make sure you are getting the most out of your E-Rate budget. July 11, 2025 Blog 5 Common Wi-Fi Issues in Senior Living Communities Reliable Wi-Fi® has become a must-have in senior living communities—not just for entertainment, but for residents’ safety as well as their physical and mental health. More of today’s residents are ... July 08, 2025 Blog Simplify Network Operations Without Sacrificing Scalability: Smarter Network Design Starts Here Simplify Network Operations Without Sacrificing Scalability: Smarter Network Design Starts Here. RUCKUS offers a free Design My Network session where you’ll connect with an expert, talk through wha... June 20, 2025 Blog June 20 is World Wi‑Fi Day—a global initiative recognizing the impact of Wi‑Fi® on transforming lives and connecting communities. At RUCKUS Networks, we believe connectivity is more than convenienc... Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ...33 Next Jump to page: Filters Category Access Points (2) NaaS (1) RUCKUS (16) Wi-Fi (4) June 20, 2024 Topic From Frustration to Relaxation: Transforming Hotel Stays with Seamless Connectivity The Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) decision to open the 6GHz band for unlicensed Wi-Fi use marks a pivotal advancement in wireless networking, addressing the increasing demand for higher... February 12, 2024 Topic 6.0 GHz Wi-Fi: Everything You Need to Know The Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) decision to open the 6GHz band for unlicensed Wi-Fi use marks a pivotal advancement in wireless networking, addressing the increasing demand for higher... January 05, 2024 Topic Wi-Fi Testing - The Ultimate Guide Master the art of Wi-Fi testing with our comprehensive guide. Get insights, tips, and tools for optimizing your network performance. January 02, 2024 Topic NaaS: The Future of Networking Made Simple Transform your networking experience with NaaS. Discover how Networking as a Service technology is making networking more efficient. December 27, 2023 Topic Access Point Insights: A Comprehensive Guide A comprehensive guide to the wireless and Wi-Fi access points - from configuration to deployment. This article offers valuable insights on this critical networking component. December 27, 2023 Topic What is OFDMA? Orthogonal Frequency-Division Multiple Access OFDMA (orthogonal frequency-division multiple access) in Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 7, enabling access points to serve multiple clients simultaneously improving wireless performance. Previous 1 2 3 Next News Filters Page Type Blog (159) Press Release (37) December 16, 2025 Blog Stop Downtime: Build Resilient Networks for Harsh Industrial Environments Learn proven strategies to address extreme conditions and RF interference, enabling reliable, resilient networks that keep manufacturing and warehousing productive. November 14, 2025 Press RUCKUS Networks Unveils AI and Wi-Fi 7 Innovations to Elevate Resident Experience and help Optimize Costs for MDU Stakeholders Built on the AI-driven RUCKUS One platform, the new MDU 360 capability, RUCKUS DSE AI assistant, and Wi-Fi 7 access points work together to bring intelligent network management and integrated Wi-Fi... August 02, 2025 Blog Top E-Rate Fundable Technologies for Schools and Libraries in 2025–26 Learn about the top emerging technologies that are E-Rate fundable to make sure you are getting the most out of your E-Rate budget. July 11, 2025 Blog 5 Common Wi-Fi Issues in Senior Living Communities Reliable Wi-Fi® has become a must-have in senior living communities—not just for entertainment, but for residents’ safety as well as their physical and mental health. More of today’s residents are ... July 08, 2025 Blog Simplify Network Operations Without Sacrificing Scalability: Smarter Network Design Starts Here Simplify Network Operations Without Sacrificing Scalability: Smarter Network Design Starts Here. RUCKUS offers a free Design My Network session where you’ll connect with an expert, talk through wha... June 20, 2025 Blog June 20 is World Wi‑Fi Day—a global initiative recognizing the impact of Wi‑Fi® on transforming lives and connecting communities. At RUCKUS Networks, we believe connectivity is more than convenienc... Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ...33 Next Jump to page: Insights Filters Category Access Points (2) NaaS (1) RUCKUS (16) Wi-Fi (4) June 20, 2024 Topic From Frustration to Relaxation: Transforming Hotel Stays with Seamless Connectivity The Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) decision to open the 6GHz band for unlicensed Wi-Fi use marks a pivotal advancement in wireless networking, addressing the increasing demand for higher... February 12, 2024 Topic 6.0 GHz Wi-Fi: Everything You Need to Know The Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) decision to open the 6GHz band for unlicensed Wi-Fi use marks a pivotal advancement in wireless networking, addressing the increasing demand for higher... January 05, 2024 Topic Wi-Fi Testing - The Ultimate Guide Master the art of Wi-Fi testing with our comprehensive guide. Get insights, tips, and tools for optimizing your network performance. January 02, 2024 Topic NaaS: The Future of Networking Made Simple Transform your networking experience with NaaS. Discover how Networking as a Service technology is making networking more efficient. December 27, 2023 Topic Access Point Insights: A Comprehensive Guide A comprehensive guide to the wireless and Wi-Fi access points - from configuration to deployment. This article offers valuable insights on this critical networking component. December 27, 2023 Topic What is OFDMA? Orthogonal Frequency-Division Multiple Access OFDMA (orthogonal frequency-division multiple access) in Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 7, enabling access points to serve multiple clients simultaneously improving wireless performance. Previous 1 2 3 Next Get Help Contact Us Support Portal Find a Partner Partner Locator About RUCKUS About Us Corporate Responsibility Events Press Releases Blog Careers Our Community RUCKUS Technical Family RUCKUS Community Forum Developer Central © 2025 All Rights Reserved Accessibility Supplier Responsibility Ethics Privacy & Cookies Do Not Sell My Information Trademarks Terms Sitemap