Skip to content
Login
 
Languages
 
Contact
Solutions
Technologies
Products
Resources
Support
Channel Partners
Alliance Partners
Insights
Contact Us
Give your enterprise a real edge

Score a distinct advantage by extending your network from the cloud to the edge.

Learn about Edge Systems from RUCKUS       Get started

Elevating Network Performance

RUCKUS delivers purpose-driven networks powered by Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) that have been independently validated to outperform competitors. 

Experience how our innovations boost performance and lower the total cost of ownership. 

Have our specialists tailor your network and witness the transformative results yourself. 

Design my network

The RUCKUS Advantage

Schedule your demo

Performance

A RUCKUS network consistently delivers the required network performance to every end user, no matter how challenging the environment.

Simplicity

RUCKUS Networks provides a single platform to manage multiple access networks with zero-touch provisioning and simple, intuitive management.

Adaptability

Our interchangeable deployment options offer easy capacity expansion for future flexibility and investment protection.

Innovation

RUCKUS Networks delivers patented RF core technologies, AI-driven cloud RRM, AI-driven network assurance and more.

Interoperability

Open APIs enable RUCKUS technologies to integrate with third-party and homegrown applications.

Industries
Primary Education

Closing the digital divide in primary education is easier with RUCKUS Wi-Fi and switching. 

Learn more
Higher Education

RUCKUS smart campus networks deliver better living, learning and safety to students and staff. 

Learn more
Hospitality

A RUCKUS network improves guest experiences, security and operations at your hotel, casino or resort. 

Learn more
Large public venues (LPVs)

Arenas, stadiums, theaters and other hard-to-cover, high-density locations are no match for the performance, efficiency and agility of a RUCKUS network. 

Learn more
Multi-Dwelling Unit

MDUs feel more like home with RUCKUS networking for apartments, dorms, senior living and other high-density residential environments. 

Learn more

View all industries

Technologies
Wi-Fi 7

Wi-Fi 7 offers superior speeds and low latency with three-radio architecture.

Learn more
Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E

The next generation of Wi-Fi performance removes bottlenecks and relieves the capacity crunch.

Learn more
Network segmentation

Improve security and user experiences with RUCKUS expertise that divides your network into subnetworks for better performance and control.

Learn more
Secure onboarding

RUCKUS Wi-Fi networks make onboarding and authentication simple and secure—a must-have for BYOD, guest users and IT-owned devices.

Learn more
Smart campus

Take your network beyond the front door to connect users and devices anywhere and everywhere across your campus environment.

Learn more

View all technologies

Don’t just take our word for it. We can prove it.  

RUCKUS builds purpose-driven networks that perform in the tough environments of the industries we serve.  

Request a demo

Featured Resources
RUCKUS Access Points

RUCKUS AP advantage overcomes density, interference and complexity to deliver better Wi-Fi. 

Watch video
RUCKUS Product Guide

Explore the RUCKUS portfolio, from APs and switches to controllers, cloud services and software.  

Download the product guide

The RUCKUS Advantage

Explore the RUCKUS offerings and what sets RUCKUS apart.

Download the quick reference guide

Cloud-managed networks: Are they right for you?  

Join this webinar to understand the pros and cons of cloud-based management, whether it is the right fit for your organization, and which features you should prioritize.

Watch the webinar

Gartner Peer Insights™

Our customers are talking about us on Gartner Peer Insights that RUCKUS WLAN technologies get the job done.

*As of 25 Feb 2025

Why we rate 4.5 out of 5 stars  

RUCKUS Technical Family

The RUCKUS Technical Family (RTF) is a dynamic community of networking professionals offering free webinars, expert insights, and collaborative support, empowering members with the latest technology trends, curated resources, and global networking opportunities.

Learn more

Additional resources
News
Insights
Filters
Page Type
Blog (159)
 
Press Release (37)
December 16, 2025

Blog

Stop Downtime: Build Resilient Networks for Harsh Industrial Environments
Learn proven strategies to address extreme conditions and RF interference, enabling reliable, resilient networks that keep manufacturing and warehousing productive.
November 14, 2025

Press

RUCKUS Networks Unveils AI and Wi-Fi 7 Innovations to Elevate Resident Experience and help Optimize Costs for MDU Stakeholders
Built on the AI-driven RUCKUS One platform, the new MDU 360 capability, RUCKUS DSE AI assistant, and Wi-Fi 7 access points work together to bring intelligent network management and integrated Wi-Fi...
August 02, 2025

Blog

Top E-Rate Fundable Technologies for Schools and Libraries in 2025–26
Learn about the top emerging technologies that are E-Rate fundable to make sure you are getting the most out of your E-Rate budget.
July 11, 2025

Blog

5 Common Wi-Fi Issues in Senior Living Communities
Reliable Wi-Fi® has become a must-have in senior living communities—not just for entertainment, but for residents’ safety as well as their physical and mental health. More of today’s residents are ...
July 08, 2025

Blog

Simplify Network Operations Without Sacrificing Scalability: Smarter Network Design Starts Here
Simplify Network Operations Without Sacrificing Scalability: Smarter Network Design Starts Here. RUCKUS offers a free Design My Network session where you’ll connect with an expert, talk through wha...
June 20, 2025

Blog

June 20 is World Wi‑Fi Day—a global initiative recognizing the impact of Wi‑Fi® on transforming lives and connecting communities. At RUCKUS Networks, we believe connectivity is more than convenienc...
Previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
...33
Next
Jump to page: 
Get Help
Contact Us
Support Portal
Find a Partner
Partner Locator
About RUCKUS
About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Events
Press Releases
Blog
Careers
Our Community
RUCKUS Technical Family
RUCKUS Community Forum
Developer Central
© 2025 All Rights Reserved
Accessibility
Supplier Responsibility
Ethics
Privacy & Cookies
Do Not Sell My Information
Trademarks
Terms
Sitemap

We use cookies, some of which present personalized advertising, to customize your online experience. You can learn more and select the types you allow by selecting “Cookie Settings.” Depending on your selections, the full functionality of the website may be limited. Click our Privacy Policy to manage your preferences.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies