Feeling stuck with Segment? Take back control with RudderStack today.

🚀 Get a demo

Products

Solutions

Integrations

Docs

Resources

Pricing

Log In

Try for free

Get

more




from your customer data

RudderStack combines bomb proof customer data infrastructure with flexible tools built for one thing: to help you drive better outcomes with your data.

Request a demo
Try for free
POWERING INNOVATION AT ANY SCALE
Move fast with warehouse-native control

Data teams choose RudderStack because it helps them move faster, scale confidently, and supercharge every use case without sacrificing flexibility or giving up control.


Adapt quickly

Meet evolving business requirements with speed and agility using flexible, code-based tools.

Protect privacy

Keep full ownership of your data and automate consent flows across your stack.

Build data trust

Control data quality from capture to delivery so every team can drive results with clean data.

The real-time data foundation for competitive advantage

Data solutions

Team outcomes

Collection and Integration

Simplify real-time, first-party data collection and integration.

AI and ML

Build powerful AI & ML models on clean customer data.

Identity Resolution

Solve identity resolution and customer 360 in your data cloud.

Data Cloud Activation

Sync data from your data cloud to marketing and product tools.

Data Quality

Deliver clean, trustworthy event data to every team.

Compliance

Ensure regulatory compliance with GDPR, HIPPA, and more.

Download The Data Maturity Guide

A practical four-stage guide to driving impact with customer data. Complete with case studies and implementation strategies.

Email
Download the free guide
Central command for the customer data lifecycle

RudderStack provides all the tools you need to turn raw customer data into a competitive advantage for every team in your business.

Capture the full customer journey

Establish a unified data layer to collect standardized events from every channel with our high performance SDKs for web, mobile, and server-side sources. Easily build your own custom sources with webhooks.

Explore RudderStack Event Stream
Integrate in real-time without maintenance

Rely on 200+ pre-built integrations to deliver customer signals to every business system, ad platform, and analytics tool in real time. Centralize events in your data cloud, and even pipe events into streaming systems like Kafka.

Explore the integration library
Govern your data  in pipeline

Enforce data quality and compliance before data gets downstream. Integrated tools for schema management, event validation, consent automation, and PII handling help you meet complex requirements with streamlined workflows.

Explore the Data Quality Toolkit
Explore the Data Compliance Toolkit
Democratize rich customer intelligence

Use RudderStack Profiles to build a rich customer 360 with all of the data in your data cloud. Then use Reverse ETL to deliver unified profiles directly to all the tools your frontline teams use every day so they can drive more impact.

Explore RudderStack Profiles
Explore Reverse ETL
Real-world outcomes with real-world data

Here's how our customers use RudderStack to increase efficiency and drive better business outcomes.

Explore all case studies

"I was pleasantly surprised that [fifty-five] was able to turn on the next markets pretty quickly. That demonstrated the value of RudderStack for me. There was a longer delay to get the API key than for fifty-five to enable the market."

Rama Annaswamy

VP of Technology at MANSCAPED

37% boost in ad-driven revenue

Learn how Manscaped used RudderStack to send better conversion data to ad platforms and significantly improve ROAS.

Read the case study

“RudderStack saves us engineering time and allows our downstream teams to work and iterate faster. We’re excited about using RudderStack to realize our event-driven architecture vision.”

Brett Trani

Director of Analytics at Joybird

93% time savings on data integration

Learn how the team at Joybird drastically reduced the time their data engineers spend building and maintaining integrations so they can deliver business value faster.

Read the case study

"We use RudderStack to power a deeply personalized experience and execute engaging campaigns across all of our digital properties. Its powerful, engineering-friendly features help us punch above our weight."

Ricardo Pinho

Data Engineer at Phantom

#1 in the app store

Learn how Phantom’s data team used RudderStack to power real-time personalization for an in app engagement campaign that vaulted them to the #1 spot in the app store.

Read the blog

"Migrating to Rudderstack was a no-brainer. We found it to be the better tool, it was cheaper, and the migration was so easy."

Louis Herr-Fender

Team Manager, Product Data Analytics at Aircall

85% productivity gain

Learn how Aircall migrated to RudderStack in 30 days, drastically reducing event instrumentation time and enabling business teams to action on data from the entire customer journey.

Read the case study

"I was pleasantly surprised that [fifty-five] was able to turn on the next markets pretty quickly. That demonstrated the value of RudderStack for me. There was a longer delay to get the API key than for fifty-five to enable the market."

Rama Annaswamy

VP of Technology at MANSCAPED

37% boost in ad-driven revenue

Learn how Manscaped used RudderStack to send better conversion data to ad platforms and significantly improve ROAS.

Read the case study

“RudderStack saves us engineering time and allows our downstream teams to work and iterate faster. We’re excited about using RudderStack to realize our event-driven architecture vision.”

Brett Trani

Director of Analytics at Joybird

93% time savings on data integration

Learn how the team at Joybird drastically reduced the time their data engineers spend building and maintaining integrations so they can deliver business value faster.

Read the case study
RudderStack doesn’t store your data and puts privacy controls in your hands
Get started today

Start driving better business outcomes with your customer data in less than a week

Book a demo

Explore use cases with an expert and see RudderStack in action.

Implement RudderStack

Start collecting and enabling real-time customer data everywhere it's needed.

Drive better outcomes

Supercharge your analytics, product, growth, and AI teams.

Request a demo

© RudderStack Inc.

Company
About
Contact us
Partner with us
🚀 We’re hiring!
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Vulnerability disclosure policy
Products
Integrations library
Customer Data Platform
Event Stream
Profiles
Reverse ETL
Transformations
Data Compliance Toolkit
Data Quality Toolkit
Security
System status
Read our documentation
Go to Docs
Resources
Blog
Live tech sessions
Technical documentation
Learning center
Case studies
Segment comparison
The Data Stack Show podcast
Join the conversation
Join our Community