Secure and Private Email Hosting Services by Runbox runbox beta Log in: Runbox 6 Solutions Business Solutions Personal Email Features Email Services Domain Hosting Price Plans Additional Privacy Features Account Features and Quotas Payment Methods Why Runbox Privacy Protection Security and Reliability Sustainable Services Expert Support Easy to Move From Other Services Why Pay for Email Testimonials About Runbox Company Values The Runbox Team Terms of Service Privacy Policy Blog Service Status Email for Earth We are committed to connecting people across our planet consistent with strong ethical and environmental principles. Sign Up for a Free Trial Environmental Sustainable Secure Reliable Fully-featured Far to the north you find... the World's leading hydropowered email service Our email servers run on 100% certified renewable energy sources generated from clean, Norwegian water. Sign Up for a Free Trial Environmental Sustainable Secure Reliable Fully-featured Keep your email secure and private Runbox provides secure email services for you and your business, with encrypted communication and strong authentication and services management. We are committed to protecting your data in accordance with Norway's strong privacy regulations, preventing unauthorized access to your email. Sign Up for a Free Trial Environmental Sustainable Secure Reliable Fully-featured Runbox keeps running Our server and network infrastructure includes several layers of redundancy to ensure high availability and responsiveness. Sign Up for a Free Trial Environmental Sustainable Secure Reliable Fully-featured Personal Email Services Great for individuals and families Consolidate all your email in one place Affordable and flexible Universal access with any Internet device Read more... Business Email Hosting Ideal for businesses and professionals Simplify email administration Host your email and domain names Reduce costs and decrease stress Read more... Access Anywhere, Anytime Access via Web, POP, IMAP, SMTP Supports any email device Use Outlook, Thunderbird, Apple Mail etc Secure connections with encryption Read more... Consolidate Your Email Import email from other services Filter and sort your email Forward email to other addresses Use any From address on outgoing email Read more... Environmental Sustainable Secure Reliable Fully-featured jQuery Slider Norwegian Privacy You are protected by Norwegian privacy legislation. Runbox is located in Norway, and in accordance with Norwegian privacy laws we commit to never disclosing any data unauthorized or tracking your usage. Read more about our privacy commitment Secure Services Email encryption protects you from surveillance. Store your email in a maximum security data center and protect your communication with Two-Factor Authentication, Perfect Forward Secrecy SSL, and PGP encryption. Read more about our secure services Green Power Our servers are powered by renewable hydroelectricity. From the hydroelectricity powering our servers to our recycling policy and telecommute-based operations, we are committed to environmental sustainability. Read more about our sustainable operations Easily move to Runbox It's easy to transfer your email from other services and make Runbox your home. —It just keeps getting better and better! See more testimonials Sign Up for a Free Trial News from the Runbox Team Reflecting on 2025: Thank You for Being Part of Runbox We are celebrating 25 years with new 3-year sub-account plans! Runbox at 25: Celebrating a Quarter-Century of Sustainability, Privacy and Independence Our Commitment to the Oslo Fjord and a Sustainable Future Meet Runbox: Your Secure, Sustainable Email Alternative Have any questions? Just contact us! Expert Support Get personal help from real and competent people. Our team of experienced support professionals are ready to help you with any email or hosting issue you may encounter when setting up and using Runbox. Find out more about our Support services Integrated Services Complete email and domain hosting services. Professional Webmail, secure and encrypted Web, POP, IMAP, and SMTP access, email administration tools, complete email and domain hosting services in one interface. Find out more about the features of Runbox Value Driven We are environmentally and ethically responsible. At Runbox we believe that we can contribute to making the world better by acting in an environmentally conscious and ethically responsible manner. Read more about our Core Values ...as seen in: Price Plans Prices are per email account. You can combine account plans with any type of additional account. See all features or compare price plans in detail. We currently offer 3-year subscriptions with 20% discounts on all plans! Sign up and proceed to subscribe in order to take advantage of this offer. Micro 2 GB email storage @runbox.com only 100 email aliases $19.95 billed annually $1.66/mo Additional Micro accounts $7.95 annually $0.66/mo Mini 10 GB email storage 5 email domains 100 email aliases $34.95 billed annually $2.91/mo Additional Mini accounts $14.95 annually $1.25/mo Medium 25 GB email storage 10 email domains 100 email aliases $49.95 billed annually $4.16/mo Additional Medium accounts $24.95 annually $2.01/mo Max 50 GB email storage 25 email domains 100 email aliases $79.95 billed annually $6.66/mo Additional Max accounts $34.95 annually $2.91/mo We are proud that the Runbox email service is rated as an ethical best buy by Ethical Consumer , an independent, not-for-profit, multi-stakeholder co-operative. We compensate doubly for the CO2 emissions from our business by supporting the tree planting projects of World Land Trust , an international conservation charity. About Runbox Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Support Help & Documentation Copyright © 1999-2025 Runbox Solutions AS