RUNHOSTING RUNHOSTING Start Live Chat Send Feedback Home Web Hosting Premium Web Hosting Free Web Hosting Build Your Website Add-on Apps Installer Domains SSL Demo Sign Up Contact Us About Us Our Guarantees Our Advantages Our Data Center FAQ Help Login Cloud Hosting Free Hosting Fully-Featured Shared Hosting Semi-Dedicated Hosting VPS Web Hosting for Everyone From the completely free hosting to the professional server solution, we offer website hosting for everyone's needs. Our cloud services are scalable. Free hosting can easily be upgraded to fully-featured shared web hosting as well as semi-dedicated hosting or a VPS hosting solution with no hassle and commitment. Order Cloud Scalable Web Hosting Service Our web hosting platform has been developed in-house throughout the years of operation, implementing the experience of our team. It features scalable web hosting, which can be upgraded upon demand. Starting from the limited free web hosting, that is upgradable to fully-featured shared or semi-dedicated hosting and ends up with the VPS upgradeable service, provisioned instantly. Create Your Website with Ease Easy to use content editing with no coding Many stunning designs to choose from Suitable for business or personal use 2 website builders to choose from Different website add-ons Order Variety of Designs Point & Click Editor Image Galleries Various App Add-ons Automated App Installer 1-click installer of popular software applications No technical skills required Frequent software updates Free with shared & semi-dedicated hosting plans Check the full list of applications Free Web Hosting Our free web hosting is the perfect solution for a small website. Just register, upload and manage. The free service offers 1 GB storage, 5 GB transfer, send emails (IMAP, POP3 & webmail) , MySQL database, 100% NO ADS. Signup Joomla & Wordpress Installer Joomla! is the mobile-ready and user-friendly way to build your website. WordPress is a publishing platform to create a blog or build a website. A free script installer helps you setup Joomla & Wordpress applications with no technical skills required. Fully-Featured Shared Hosting Want a fully-featured shared hosting with unlimited features - try our premium shared hosting. Unlimited disk space, data transfer & hosted domains, 3 website builders, free domain registration or transfer, data backup, 99.9% uptime, 30 days moneyback, MySQL, PostgreSQL, PHP, Perl, Python. Order Run Any Type of Script or Application MySQL database with phpMyAdmin, PostgreSQL databases with phpPgAdmin, PHP5, Perl (CGI), Ruby, Python, SSI Support, Cron, cURL, GD, Image Magic, IonCube, Zend Optimizer, access & error logs, php.ini, virus protection(ClamAV), SPAM protection (SpamAssassin). Semi-Dedicated Hosting Want to run heavy traffic websites that need more CPU, RAM, disk space, MySQL and other resources? The semi-dedicated hosting plans provide much more resources and better performance than the standard shared hosting. Each server hosts fewer accounts which guarantees higher level of capacity for every website. Order Higher Resource Allocation vs Premium Shared Hosting Semi-dedicated hosting is the better powered version of the standard premium shared hosting. It features higher CPU usage, RAM usage, MySQL queries per hour. Run any high traffic website, that requires efficient email, database and DNS, each running on a separate server of our cloud platform. VPS Hosting The equivalent of a dedicated server, but runs on virtually independent server to guarantee a lower price. By purchasing a VPS you get a 100% private virtual machine with root access and your own dedicated CPU and RAM. Pre-installed OSs to choose from: Linux Debian or CentOS. Our virtual private servers are powered by the XEN Hypervisor technology. Order Full Root Access & Easy Control Panel Use the VPS management panel to easily host websites, create and manage (phpMyAdmin) MySQL databases, create email accounts & FTP access without SysAdmin skills. Alternatively, you can take full control of the machine and install custom packages, update kernel, change firewall configuration etc. Shared Web Hosting Semi-Dedicated Hosting VPS Hosting Personal Hosting Plan $ 2 . 99 $ 3 . 59 € 2 . 49 € 2 . 99 £ 1 . 99 £ 2 . 39 * per month Unlimited Disk Space Unlimited Monthly Traffic 2 Domains Hosting MySQL / PostgreSQL PHP5, Perl (CGI) 1 FREE Domain for 1 year 2 Website Builders Zacky App Installer Check full features Order Business Hosting Plan $ 3 . 99 $ 4 . 79 € 3 . 49 € 4 . 19 £ 2 . 99 £ 3 . 59 * per month Unlimited Disk Space Unlimited Monthly Traffic Unlimited Domains Hosting MySQL / PostgreSQL PHP5, Perl (CGI) 1 FREE Domain for LIFE 2 Website Builders Zacky App Installer Check full features Order FREE Hosting Plan $ 0 . 00 $ 0 . 00 € 0 . 00 € 0 . 00 £ 0 . 00 £ 0 . 00 per month 1 GB Disk Space 5 GB Monthly Traffic 1 Domain Hosting 1 MySQL Database, FTP 100% NO ADS, PHP5, Perl 1Email, Webmail Email Sending (SMTP ON) Joomla & Wordpress Installer Check full features Signup What Else Do You Get With Our Shared Web Hosting Packages? Always Online 99.9% network uptime This is our commitment and round the clock efforts to keep our network up and running in 99.9% of the time. Build Your Website Create a website in 30 min Our point-and-click editor assists you to choose variety of designs, customize, build galleries and more easily. Automated App Installer Helps you install with a 1-click Find our automated installer in the shared and semi-dedicated hosting panel, to help you install popular php apps. Complete Email Features Webmail, filters, aliases, protection Our cloud platform, runs email facilities on a separate server, reserved exclusively for you. Data Backup Frequent backup of your content There's no danger of data loss with our automatic backup system performing frequent backups. Money-Back Guarantee Get your money back within 30 Days Our service is completely risk-free, with our 30 days unquestionable money-back guarantee. Multiple Domains Hosting Host many domains under one roof Our shared hosting is a multi-domain home for your sites. Host more domains with no additional cost. Various Script Support Host any script you can think of Our shared hosting supports the following programming languages: PHP, Perl, CGI, Python and Ruby. Amazingly Fast Support It says it all - 1 hour resp. time Support staff is ready to answer and will have a solution to your problem not later than 1 hour. Starter Semi Dedicated $ 14 . 99 $ 17 . 99 £ 9 . 99 £ 11 . 99 € 9 . 99 € 11 . 99 per month Unlimited Disk Space Unlimited Monthly Traffic Unlimited Domains Hosting Unlimited MySQL / Unlimited PostgreSQL High CPU, RAM, MySQL usage PHP 5 / 7 / 8, Perl (CGI) Free SSL & HTTPS Zacky Website Builders Zacky App Installer Check full features Order Pro Semi Dedicated $ 24 . 99 $ 29 . 99 £ 15 . 99 £ 19 . 19 € 15 . 99 € 19 . 19 per month Unlimited Disk Space Unlimited Monthly Traffic Unlimited Domains Hosting Unlimited MySQL / Unlimited PostgreSQL High CPU, RAM, MySQL usage PHP 5 / 7 / 8, Perl (CGI) Free SSL & HTTPS Zacky Website Builders Zacky App Installer Check full features Order Advanced Semi Dedicated $ 35 . 99 $ 43 . 19 £ 22 . 99 £ 27 . 59 € 24 . 99 € 29 . 99 per month Unlimited Disk Space Unlimited Monthly Traffic Unlimited Domains Hosting Unlimited MySQL / Unlimited PostgreSQL High CPU, RAM, MySQL usage PHP 5 / 7 / 8, Perl (CGI) Free SSL & HTTPS Zacky Website Builders Zacky App Installer Check full features Order What else do you get with our Semi-Dedicated Hosting packages? '; Better CPU, RAM, MySQL Resources Higher limits, better performance The higher resource cap defices semi-dedicated hosting as the better powered one and perfect solution for intense websites. Free Domain Name for Life Renew your hosting, get a free domain Register a domain name for the lifetime of your semi-dedicated hosting plan or transfer your existing one, which will be renewed free every year. Always Online 99.9% network uptime This is our commitment and round the clock efforts to keep our network up and running in 99.9% of the time. Build Your Website Create a website in 30 min Our point-and-click editor assists you to choose variety of designs, customize, build galleries and more easily. Automated App Installer Helps you install with a 1-click Find our automated installer in the shared and semi-dedicated hosting panel, to help you install popular php apps. Complete Email Features Webmail, filters, aliases, protection Our cloud platform, runs email facilities on a separate server, reserved exclusively for you. Data Backup Frequent backup of your content There's no danger of data loss with our automatic backup system performing frequent backups. Money-Back Guarantee Get your money back within 30 Days Our service is completely risk-free, with our 30 days unquestionable money-back guarantee. Multiple Domains Hosting Host many domains under one roof Our shared hosting is a multi-domain home for your sites. Host more domains with no additional cost. Various Script Support Host any script you can think of Our shared hosting supports the following programming languages: PHP, Perl, CGI, Python and Ruby. Amazingly Fast Support It says it all - 1 hour resp. time Support staff is ready to answer and will have a solution to your problem not later than 1 hour. Suitable for High-Load Sites Host high traffic websites Semi-dedicated hosting is the perfect way to upgrade big and demanding sites when shared hosting becomes insufficient. Starter VPS Hosting $ 10 . 00 $ 12 . 00 £ 10 . 00 £ 12 . 00 € 10 . 00 € 12 . 00 per month 25 GB RAID Protected Storage 2 TB Traffic Allotment (mo) Unlimited Domains Hosting 50 Mbit/s Bandwidth (port speed) 1 GB Dedicated RAM Dedicated IP Address Easy VPS Management Panel On Demand Upgrades Check full features Order Pro VPS Hosting $ 20 . 00 $ 24 . 00 £ 20 . 00 £ 24 . 00 € 20 . 00 € 24 . 00 per month 50 GB RAID Protected Storage 4 TB Traffic Allotment (mo) Unlimited Domains Hosting 100 Mbit/s Bandwidth (port speed) 2 GB Dedicated RAM Dedicated IP Address Easy VPS Management Panel On Demand Upgrades Check full features Order Advanced VPS Hosting $ 40 . 00 $ 48 . 00 £ 40 . 00 £ 48 . 00 € 40 . 00 € 48 . 00 per month 100 GB RAID Protected Storage 8 TB Traffic Allotment (mo) Unlimited Domains Hosting 100 Mbit/s Bandwidth (port speed) 4 GB Dedicated RAM Dedicated IP Address Easy VPS Management Panel On Demand Upgrades Check full features Order What else do you get with our VPS Hosting packages? Dedicated RAM & CPU Guaranteed RAM and CPU to rely on You will be absolutely autonomous from the other servers on the machine and you will have your own CPU and RAM resources. Dedicated server like isolation Guaranteed RAM and CPU to rely on Each Virtual Server runs under its own operating system (CentOS or Debian) therefore absolutely autonomous. Easy VPS Control Panel For not Linux proficient users This panel is similar to our shared one. You can easily add domains, manage emails, databases and FTP with a few clicks. Full SSH Root Access Configure and install yourself With our virtual server hosting, you have access to the main root directory of the server to completely customize it. Pre-installed OS Comes with installed Debian or CentOS Each VPS, is being installed OS of your choice: Debian or CentOS.  Debian VPS comes with an Easy Control Panel. Additional on demand upgrades Scalable VPS resources Order additional Traffic, HDD Space, RAM, CPU or IP addresses. Upgrades are provisioned almost immediately. Independent kernel Your own linux kernel Our VPS service is a real dedicated server with independent kernel of the Linux OS, which you can customize or upgrade. Any guest OS support Install any OS you prefer Our VPS service is a real dedicated server. You have the root access rights to install any Operating System of your own choice. Dedicated IP Address Your own IP Address Our VPS's come with a private IP address, so you can take full control. Custom Firewall Configuration Configure your own firewall Our VPS service is a real dedicated machine, where you can configure your own custom firewall setup. Reboot Server Restart your VPS is now easy Our VPS service is a dedicated like machine - reboot your virtual machine anytime you want with a click of the mouse. Web Console Web-base Linux console Over the VPS management panel, we offer web-based console, to execute Shell commands remotely on your virtual machine. 2 Website Builder Platforms to Create Websites Zacky Website Builder Create a website for less than 30 minutes. Zacky Website Builder has easy to use visual content editing (no coding skills required) and many stunning designs to choose from. Concrete5 Concrete5 is a complete CMS solution that would allow you to build up a site the way you do it with what you see is what you get editor. Automated App Installer With Zacky Automated Insta§ller you have the convenience to choose from a big library of supported Apps. You have the power of choice in selecting all the online software solutions that you could possibly need. CMSs eCommerce solutions Blog Website Builder Discussion board Free 1-click Script Installs Start live chat Contact Sales US : +1 347 223 5853 UK : +44 20 8 1234 790 Send us your inquiry Services Shared Web Hosting Semi-Dedicated Hosting VPS Hosting Website Builder Domain names Zacky App Installer SSL Certificates Company Contact Us About Us FAQ Help Terms of Services Our Guarantees Our Advantages Our Data Center All prices include VAT. All prices include VAT. * Prices are valid for signup only, upon renewal the prices are: Personal Hosting Plan $4.99 $5.99 €3.99 €4.79 £3.24 £3.89 / month, Business Hosting Plan $7.99 $9.59 €6.49 €7.79 £5.57 £6.68 / month. We use cookies to ensure you can get the best experience on our site. If you keep using this site we assume that you agree to our use of cookies. Privacy Policy OK Copyright © RUNHOSTING. All rights reserved.