Flux | Decentralized Cloud Computing Flux Site Search Search Ecosystem FluxAI Private and contextually-aware intelligence FluxCloud Decentralized cloud infrastructure Marketplace Expansive on-chain dApp store FluxEdge Expansive on-chain dApp store FluxNodes Globally distributed, people powered network Managed Services Fully managed services ArcaneOS Operating System for secure docker containers WordPress on FluxCloud Blockchain-powered, fast WordPress hosting Flux Wallets FLUX compatible non-custodial crypto wallets Resources Flux Docs Flux products documentation Flux API Docs Flux API endpoints documentation Bug Bounty Program Participate and Earn FluxEdge Console Connect to compute Flux MiCA Whitepaper Token-specific EU legislation Flux Github Open source stacks FluxCloud Dashboard Secure the cloud Flux Roadmap Progress timeline Case Studies Explore our case studies Blog Connect Ecosystem The Future Runs on Flux A computing network of thousands of globally distributed and user-operated nodes powers the Flux decentralized cloud infrastructure. FluxCloud Decentralized cloud infrastructure FluxAI Private AI solutions Marketplace Expansive on-chain dApp store FluxEdge On-demand, distributed and decentralized GPU compute FluxNodes Resilient computational node network Managed Services Fully managed services ArcaneOS Operating System for secure docker containers WordPress on FluxCloud Distributed, on-chain WordPress hosting Flux Wallets FLUX compatible non-custodial crypto wallets Blog Resources Engage with Flux From in-depth documentation resources to how to guides, explore community resources for Web3 developers on Flux. Flux Docs Flux products documentation Flux API Docs Flux API endpoints documentation Bug Bounty Program Participate and Earn FluxEdge Console Connect to compute Flux Deployment Academy Deployment Walkthroughs Flux Github Open source stacks FluxCloud Dashboard Secure the cloud Flux Roadmap Progress timeline Case Studies Explore our case studies Connect Distributed web3 cloud for running apps Build and deploy scalable applications on Flux, a global, decentralized cloud computing network, enabling flexible, censorship-resistant development. Start Exploring Join the Waitlist Flux Now 8,060 Nodes FluxNodes operate in 67 countries across 5 continents. 67,151 CPU Cores 195.09 TB Ram 4.55 PB SSD Disk FluxCloud Instant Deploy Deploy your code faster than ever. Join the waitlist to deploy Git repos in seconds , and get a shot at early access before the public release. Join Waitlist Your data is safe. See our Privacy Policy for details. Control your data with decentralized cloud computing Decentralized cloud computing distributes computing resources like RAM, storage, GPUs, and CPUs across a peer-to-peer (P2P) network of devices owned and operated by individual hardware providers. Flux is powered by thousands of globally distributed, user-operated nodes. Leveraging geographically distributed individual hardware providers for computing resources, rather than a single organization, creates a broader attack surface, making Flux inherently secure. Decentralized cloud networks ensure fast data transmission, and their distributed hardware eliminates single points of failure while creating resilience and redundancy. Because of so many individuals providing computing resources, even if one part of the cloud goes down, the rest of the network can still function. Next generation of the web: Decentralized, secure, and powered by Flux . Deploy with FluxCloud Autonomously deploy decentralized and highly customizable applications with real-time performance tracking. Compute with FluxEdge Access a user-driven marketplace to power deployments with enterprise-grade computing resources. Automate with FluxAI Discover a suite of private AI solutions designed for data integrity and automation through contextually aware outputs. Earn with FluxNodes Participate and earn by deploying a node and support the Flux ecosystem with distributed hardware that you control. Made for Developers Distributed Hardware Independently owned and operated hardware, globally distributed for local and low-latency deployments. A network of providers powers your apps, not one central company. Interoperable Flux is code-agnostic, with Docker container deployments and custom integrations via FluxAPI plugins. Our system works universally across different programming languages. Secure Infrastructure Flux prioritizes application security. Docker Hub, IPFS, 24/7 monitoring, and pre-allocated disk space secured by ArcaneOS help provide additional layers of safety. Extensive Docs Flux streamlines app development through comprehensive documentation. We want to make it seamless for new users unfamiliar with decentralized cloud technology. With in-depth set up guides across every product offering, Flux Docs is a resource that facilitates a smooth developer experience from providing  data to deploying an app. Explore Docs Unlimited Scalability Flux being powered by a global network of distributed hardware means limitless scalability as compute is being sourced from so many independent providers, rather than a single provider with centralized datacenters. Independent hardware providers join the Flux network and supply compute by harnessing the underutilized bandwidth of their personal devices, enabling censorship-free app development for users. Flux delivers a decentralized cloud solution where the supply of computing resources is distributed across many independent hardware providers. Applications receive dedicated compute from a diverse range of enterprise-grade GPUs at a fraction of the cost of traditional public cloud providers. 8,060 Total Nodes worldwide 67,151 CPU Cores 195.09 TB Ram 4.55 PB SSD Disk Flux Foundation Community-governed and wholly transparent, the Flux Foundation serves as a sustainable growth engine for the Flux decentralized cloud network. The Foundation receives a fixed portion of block rewards, acting as a consistent revenue stream to fund network growth through yield-generating infrastructure. Join the Foundation Elevate with cutting-edge tech fully managed by our team Launch and deploy apps with our help. Experience fully-managed service processes with 24/7 developer support from InFlux Technologies. Leverage our innovative decentralized cloud network to transform your business into a scalable enterprise, driving growth through user participation. Learn More Compute Resources Receive dedicated computing from distributed resources and hardware to power on-chain deployments. Services Explore a range of blockchain services that empower you to independently mine, operate nodes, and execute secure transactions. Arcane OS This operating system secures FluxCloud deployments by cryptographically allocating disk space, ensuring robust on-chain security. Flux is a decentralized Web3 cloud infrastructure comprised of user-operated, scalable and globally distributed computational nodes. X LinkedIn Discord YouTube Telegram Ecosystem FluxAI FluxCloud FluxEdge FluxNodes WordPress on FluxCloud Marketplace Developers Managed Services Flux vs AWS Flux Support Roadmap Bug Bounty Flux Token MiCA Whitepaper Github Press Kit Company Enterprise Case Studies Partners Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Copyright © 2025 InFlux Technologies Subscribe