Pool Host | Run Your Pool - Start/Join Sports Pool Now Our sites Dashboard Support Log in Start a new pool Join a pool Splash Sports, RunYourPool, & OfficeFootballPool are now a unified brand. Rest assured that you are in the right place. Organize contests and play your friends 6.5M+ Users 600K+ Contests played 1B+ Picks made You now have more ways to play. Continue playing for entertainment only, or upgrade to our new offering, Splash, where we collect entry fees and pay out the winners for your private contest. Start a contest Join a public contest * Participation in real-money contests on Splash requires age and jurisdiction eligibility . Play / Run contests for cash prizes NFL Tiers NFL Survivor NFL Pick'Em CFB Pick'Em' NBA Tiers Golf One & Done Golf Tiers How Splash Works Start Your Contest Choose your game type and customize your settings. You can move your existing contest over or start a new one in just a few clicks. Invite Your Group Send out your invite link and get your friends or group to join your contest on your own customizable Commissioner Hub. Splash Collects Entry Fees When players join, we will give them the option to enter the contest via debit or credit card, ACH, Paypal or Venmo (coming soon). Splash pays out winners and rewards you We will hold the prize pot, score the contest and pay out winners quickly and securely. AND, you get rewarded for running your contests. Play / Run contests for fun RYP NFL RYP CBB RYP Golf RPB MLB RYP CFB RYP NBA RYP NHL Why 1M+ Users Love Our Pools Easy Setup Your pool will be up and running in minutes, ready to invite members. No Obligation Run your pool for free through the first week of the season. Configuration Options Lots of scoring and configuration options for the Administrator. Online Pick Sheets Members make picks online using our bullet-proof pick sheets. Automatic Deadlines Picks are locked down at the beginning of each week of games. Real-time Updating Standings and reports will be updated as games end. Detailed Reporting Pick summaries, weekly and year-to-date leaderboard, and more. Private Message Board Post your rules, trash talk, and communicate with other members Sport Categories and Pool Formats Pro Football College Basketball Golf Pro Basketball Pro Baseball College Bowls Pro Hockey Soccer Academy Awards Olympics Running your NFL pool has never been so easy! Regular season and Playoff formats available. Choose from 8 different NFL football pool formats, which can be started at any point during the season. Football Survivor Pools Football Pick 'em Pools Football Squares Pools Football Confidence Pools Football Margin Pools Football 33 Point Pools Power Ranking Playoff Pools Playoff Precision Pools Learn More Start your Pool When March rolls around, be confident that your pool host is up to the task We offer 5 different formats for the NCAA Basketball Tournament. Configurable scoring options are available. Bracket Pools Squares Pools Head-to-Head Pools Survivor Pools Pick X Pools Learn More Start your Pool We've got your Golf pool covered from tee to green! Multiple pool formats with many pick and scoring options. Whether you want to run a pool for the Majors or a weekly fantasy pool, we have a format that will meet your needs. Major Championship Pools Pick X Pools FedExCup Playoff Pools Learn More Start your Pool Keep the excitement going with a season-long NBA pool! You can start a new pool at any time during the season! We simplify everything for not just your members, but you as well. Just spend a few minutes setting up your pool, selecting a few options, inviting members and viola! You'll have a full NBA season's worth of fun at your fingertips. NBA Pick 'em Pools NBA Survivor Pools NBA Playoff Bracket Pools Learn More Start your Pool The easiest way to run your pool this Baseball Season You can start a new pool at any time during the season! While America's past time isn't traditionally associated with office pools, we currently offers four great baseball pool formats to choose from. 13-Run Baseball Pools Home Run Pools Baseball Survivor Pools Baseball Squares Pools Learn More Start your Pool Your College Bowl pool doesn't have to feel like hard work We'll lighten your workload and help you enjoy Bowl Season. College Bowl Confidence Pools College Bowl Pick 'em Pools College Bowl Squares Learn More Start your Pool Make sure you're ready when the puck drops with our NHL Hockey Pools Regular season and playoff formats available. Run your Stanley Cup Playoff Bracket pool online this year. Our customizable scoring system allows for flexibility for the Pool Commissioner. NHL Pick 'em' Pools NHL Survivor Pools NHL Playoff Power Ranking Pools Learn More Start your Pool From group play to the knockout stage, we make it easy to run your Football (American Soccer) pool! Run your World Cup or Euro Championship pool with us! 2022 Men's World Cup Pools 2023 Women's World Cup Pools 2024 UEFA Euro Pool Learn More Start your Pool Enjoy the Awards Season with your own private Oscars Pool Run it for friends & family, your office, or your clients. One of the most watched television events of the year. Oscar Pools Learn More Start your Pool Go for the Gold! Available for both the Summer and Winter Olympics Create a roster of countries you think will have the best medal count. Olympics Pools Learn More Start your Pool What Customers Say About Us We've run both a [NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament] and a Pro Football Pool through RunYourPool.com. It's easy to set-up and easy for the players to use (with over 1000 players, that was very important to us). But what I was most impressed with compared to other sites we have used, is the quick response we received if we had any questions or concerns. Top notch service. –Panama Jack, Program Director, WGLX Radio, Wisconsin Rapids, WI. The amount of time I saved using RunYourPool.com made the service worth every penny. I ran my NCAA basketball pool and my NFL pool with RunYourPool.com this year, and both went off without a hitch ... something that's never happened before! Great customer service, too. I would highly recommend RunYourPool.com to anyone who is tired of running their pool by hand. –Steve Jordan, Tampa, FL I have run my football pool for years for my husband and friends. What a headache it has been until now. Thanks for a great service! –Lisa Kirros, Orange County, CA What a great experience. Saved me hours of work in Excel. Thanks! –Michael DeStefano, Poughkeepsie, NY This is a great marketing tool for those of us that want a lot of people playing. The staff at RunYourPool is great to work with and receptive of feedback. –Matthew Baizer, Danville, CA Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • Knowledge Base • Contact Us Copyright © 2025 RunYourOfficePools, LLC For entertainment/marketing purposes only. prod@lucee-v1.160.0-20251218190254