Skip to Main Content
JCB
JEM
JGP
JHI
LSA
Search Dropdown Menu
Register
Sign In
Open Menu
About The Press
For Librarians
Rights & Permissions
Books
Job Board
Skip Nav Destination
Over a Century of Quality Scientific Publishing

Driven by active scientists, Rockefeller University Press journals publish groundbreaking research in the life sciences and biomedicine from leading investigators around the world.

SUBSCRIPTION AND LIBRARIAN PORTAL
Journals
Journal of Cell Biology

Journal of Cell Biology (JCB) publishes advances in any area of basic cell biology as well as applied cellular advances in fields such as immunology, neurobiology, metabolism, microbiology, developmental biology, and plant biology. Est. 1955

Journal of Experimental Medicine

Journal of Experimental Medicine (JEM) publishes papers providing novel conceptual insight into immunology, neuroscience, cancer biology, vascular biology, microbial pathogenesis, and stem cell biology. Est. 1896

Journal of General Physiology

Journal of General Physiology (JGP) publishes mechanistic and quantitative cellular and molecular physiology of the highest quality. Est. 1918

Journal of Human Immunity

Journal of Human Immunity (JHI) publishes papers that provide novel insights into the physiology and pathology of human immunity through the study of genetic defects and their phenocopies, including the study of leukocytes and other cells. Est. 2025

Life Science Alliance

Life Science Alliance (LSA) publishes valuable research from across all areas in the life sciences. The open access journal is co-published by Rockefeller University Press, EMBO Press, and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press. Est. 2018

Newsroom

Find the latest press releases on scientific research published in RUP journals, recent coverage, embargo information for journalists, and contacts for media inquiries. 

Advertise

Introduce your brand or product by advertising with journals that scientists around the world know and trust.
 

Customer Service

subs@rockefeller.edu

Rockefeller University Press
1230 York Ave, Box 183
Weiss 17th Floor
New York, NY 10065
USA

Key Relationships

We support the following nonprofit organizations, leaders in the fields of librarianship, information standards, and the publishing and preservation of scholarly communication.

Journal of Cell Biology
Journal of Experimental Medicine
Journal of General Physiology
Journal of Human Immunity
Life Science Alliance
Connect with the Press
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Bluesky
About the Press
Our Philosophy
Our Staff
Our History
About the University
Contact Us
Advertise
Newsroom
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Accessibility Statement
© Copyright 2025 Rockefeller University Press
Cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings