Homepage | Royal United Services Institute menu Explore our Research plus Events News & Comment Membership Donate About Our Offices search Log in / Register Explore our Research Events News & Comment Membership Donate About Our Offices Log in / Register search Insights Papers Reducing Global Reliance on Nuclear Deterrence Lukasz Kulesa Read more long-arrow About RUSI The Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) is the world’s oldest and the UK’s leading defence and security think tank. Our mission is to inform, influence and enhance public debate to help build a safer and more stable world. Read more about RUSI Quick links Add as Preferred Source on Google chevron-right Geopolitics in the Middle East chevron-right War in Ukraine chevron-right Explore our Resources chevron-right Watch Event Recordings chevron-right Register for Events chevron-right Latest news on the war in Ukraine Explore our content Commentary Russia is Losing – Time for Putin's 2026 Hybrid Escalation 19 December 2025 clock 6 Minute Read Research Papers Disrupting Russian Air Defence Production: Reclaiming the Sky 12 December 2025 clock Long Read Commentary Britain’s Economic and Military Dividend from Supporting Ukraine 5 December 2025 clock 7 Minute Read Latest news on geopolitics in the Middle East Explore our content Commentary Iraq Elections Return Incumbents, Testing US and Iranian Influence 19 November 2025 clock 9 Minute Read Commentary Syria’s First Post-Assad Election: Analysis from Damascus 10 October 2025 clock 9 Minute Read Members Event Recordings Recording: 7 Oct Hamas Attacks, Gaza, and the Shifting Middle East Landscape 6 October 2025 clock 60 Minute Watch View all In the News UK Security quote quote Antonio Giustozzi, senior research fellow in terrorism and conflict at defence think-tank RUSI, said ISIS relies on influencers to spread their material. He said: “ISIS branded social media is struggling because they are closely monitored and get blocked. They rely more on community chats and on seemingly independent influencers, who share ISIS-related material alongside much other stuff.”
He added that Britain was likely to see more attacks in the organisation’s name, adding: “The ISIS propaganda encourages sympathisers to set up their own plots, so it is likely to happen sooner or later.” Dr Antonio  Giustozzi Senior Research Fellow 23 December 2025 long-arrow Terrorism and Conflict quote quote The [2024] attack in Moscow was fantastic for them," says Dr. Antonio Giustozzi, a senior research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute. "It's not the number of people killed; it's the media exposure. You need to have graphic evidence of violence." According to Giustozzi, this marked the turning point for ISIS-K: the high media impact of the attacks translated into a spike in funding, as well as a motivational boost for would-be terrorists across the globe. After the Taliban took over Afghanistan in 2021, ISIS-K began focusing on attacks overseas. Giustozzi quotes what an Islamic State member told one of his researchers: "There's no point in [striking in] Afghanistan anymore, because nobody knows about it, nobody sees it… We need to strike where the images will be circulated. Videos are even better." A second turning point came in June 2024, when Pakistan launched a wide-scale operation against ISIS-K that extended well into 2025. One command cell was destroyed by Pakistan, says Giustozzi, while another was attacked and dismantled by Balochi rebels fighting alongside the Pakistani state. "They lost quite a lot of key people, including the people with the money," he says. Because ISIS-K relies on cryptocurrency, the loss of technological access to its funds meant that millions of dollars were lost. The command structure was broken up, Giustozzi adds, leaving the remaining cells "orphaned." Some experts say funds in Afghanistan are once again running dry, as all eyes turn to post-Assad Syria. "I believe [the terror cells] are trying to reconnect," cautions Giustozzi, but also notes the significant improvement in European countries' capabilities in foiling attacks. Dr Antonio  Giustozzi Senior Research Fellow 22 December 2025 long-arrow UK Defence quote quote I think you could expect a conflict in NATO territory to look very much like what we've seen in Ukraine, where you have this combination of conventional warfare combined with more innovation and technology on the battlefield, having to constantly iterate and react to different moves by the enemy. The new thing on the battlefield is you can see and hear everybody, but that also means that you can be seen and heard. So, tactics to obfuscate your movements and to create multiple dilemmas for your adversary, those are the types of things that have changed the way that NATO has been planning for conflict with Russia, or any other possible threat...First and foremost, I think it's very positive that the Strategic Defence Review [SDR] talks about that combination of more conventional capabilities and more innovation on the battlefield. Secondly, the SDR really recognises that one of the shortcomings of the British military is the small numbers, particularly in the land forces. So you see a lot of language in there about developing the reserve forces. Thirdly, the SDR talks a lot about a mindset of resilience and that's the part where we bring in society. We have to get them used to hybrid challenges. We have think about some very basic things like stockpiling, food security, supply chain security, and protection of critical infrastructure. So the picture I'm trying to paint here is a whole of society approach. And we have seen that at work in Ukraine, and we are learning lessons from that every day." Rachel Ellehuus RUSI Director-General 21 December 2025 long-arrow The Crisis over Ukraine and European Security Access our comment and analysis on the Ukraine crisis as the situation unfolds. Read more chevron-right Join our WhatsApp channel Follow us on WhatsApp for the latest RUSI analysis on defence and security matters. Follow on WhatsApp chevron-right become a member Join our network A busy programme of members' only events Access to a suite of RUSI publications Access to experts, networks and research teams Join RUSI today 194 Years of defence and security thought leadership 90+ Active agenda-setting research projects and initiatives 200 Events, conference and workshops ran in 2024 3,800+ RUSI Members support our work Give the Gift of RUSI Membership Treat someone to a year full of insightful and thought-provoking events and publications while supporting our mission to help build a more secure, equitable and stable world. Buy today! chevron-right Latest RUSI Journal articles Read articles from the latest issue of RUSI Journal, our leading journal on defence and security. Get exclusive access as part of your RUSI Membership. Read more chevron-right Latest research Insights Papers Reducing Global Reliance on Nuclear Deterrence 23 December 2025 clock Long Read Insights Papers Critical Minerals Crime: Lessons to Learn from Gold Mining 19 December 2025 clock Long Read Insights Papers The Future of the Euro-Atlantic Security Architecture 18 December 2025 clock Long Read Latest event recordings View all event recordings Members Event Recordings members only Recording: Chief of Defence Staff Annual Lecture 2025 15 December 2025 clock 60 Minute Watch Research Event Recordings Recording: NATO and the Cloud 11 December 2025 clock 60 Minute Watch Research Event Recordings Recording: RUSI-École de Guerre Christmas Debate 2025 8 December 2025 clock 60 Minute Watch Latest podcast episodes View all podcasts Suspicious Transaction Report Podcasts Episode 9: Creating an AML System that is Fit for Purpose 23 December 2025 clock 41 Minute Listen Talking Strategy Podcasts Episode 7: Strategic Transformation of the Army: General Sir Nigel Bagnall 16 December 2025 clock 33 Minute Listen Suspicious Transaction Report Podcasts Episode 8: How and Why the AML Status Quo Needs to Change 12 December 2025 clock 37 Minute Listen Subscribe to our newsletter Receive updates on RUSI's publications and events Sign up Latest publications search Filter by publication All publications chevron-right Filter by topic All topics chevron-right Filter by region All regions chevron-right Filter by research group All research groups chevron-right Loading results... Load more results Subscribe to our newsletter Receive updates on RUSI's publications and events Sign up RUSI News View all RUSI News RUSI News Chief of Defence Staff Sets out Vision in RUSI Annual Defence Lecture 15 December 2025 clock 2 Minute Read RUSI News RUSI Supports G20 to Advance Multilateral Action on Environmental Crimes 11 December 2025 clock 3 Minute Read RUSI News Cyber Statecraft in the Middle East – RUSI at the Doha Forum 11 December 2025 clock 2 Minute Read More from RUSI Topics chevron-right Regions chevron-right Projects chevron-right Membership chevron-right RUSI Job Vacancies chevron-right About RUSI chevron-right Stay up to date with RUSI Receive updates on publications and events from RUSI straight into your inbox. Sign up Connect with us facebook twitter youtube linkedin rss instagram whatsapp bluesky Explore RUSI Topics Regions Research Groups & Experts Publications Popular Links Events News & Comment Membership About Our Offices Report a problem Google preferred source As an independent institution, we produce evidence-based research, publications and events on defence, security and international affairs to help build a safer UK and a more secure, equitable and stable world. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Ethics Statement Ts&Cs Legal DEI Policy Carbon Reduction Plan Copyright 2025 | The Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies | RUSI is registered as a charity in England and Wales - Charity number: 210639 | VAT number: GB752275038