RV LIFE Pro - We make RVing simple Features RV Trip Planning RV Safe Routing Campgrounds & Places Learn with RV LIFE Masterclass RV LIFE Communities Quick Links RV LIFE Trip Wizard RV LIFE Campgrounds RV LIFE Masterclass RV LIFE Maintenance Magazine Campgrounds & RV Parks Great RVing Destinations RV Basics RV Lifestyle Trailers and Motorhomes Log In Features RV Trip Planning RV Safe Routing Campgrounds & Places Learn with RV LIFE Masterclass RV LIFE Communities Quick Links RV LIFE Trip Wizard RV LIFE Campgrounds RV LIFE Masterclass RV LIFE Maintenance Magazine Campgrounds & RV Parks Great RVing Destinations RV Basics RV Lifestyle Trailers and Motorhomes Log In Try Pro RVing Made Simple Benefit from the insights and experiences of those who have traveled ahead of you. RV LIFE is more than just software—it’s a community of like-minded RVers. You’ll have a wealth of knowledge at your fingertips. Journey with confidence and enjoy the wonders of RV travel with RV LIFE Pro. Our suite of tools, including an RV trip planner, RV-specific navigation, and RV maintenance tracker, will help you plan and execute the perfect adventures, making the most of every moment along the way. Start Your 7-Day Free Trial Now Research Campgrounds, Plan RV Safe Routes, and Turn Your Phone Into an RV Safe GPS Not ready to try RV LIFE Pro? Download the free version of the RV LIFE App . All Features RVing Made Simple RV Travel Made Easy After using RV LIFE Pro, our trips have been so much better! The Best RV Trip Planner:
Amazing Adventures Await! The Best RV Trip Planner:
Amazing Adventures Await! Optimize your RV journey and eliminate worries with RV LIFE Trip Wizard—your go-to travel planning resource. Simplify Your RV Planning Experience Our all-in-one trip-planning solution is designed to streamline every aspect of your journey, from route planning to campground selection and beyond, so you can focus on making lasting memories. Fresher Data from the Largest RV Community Don’t settle for outdated and limited information to guide your decisions—tap into the collective knowledge of the largest RV community to plan your best trip yet. Learn More Turn Your Phone Into the Ultimate RV GPS Whether you’re a seasoned RV traveler or new to the lifestyle, the RV LIFE GPS is an essential tool for navigating with ease and peace of mind. With its customized turn-by-turn directions (specific to your RV’s height, weight, and length), you can journey with confidence. Safe and Appropriate Navigation for RVs The RV LIFE GPS provides safe and appropriate navigation for RVs by taking into account your RV’s unique dimensions, ensuring you travel with confidence and avoid hazards and inappropriate routes along the way. All the Features You'd Expect from a GPS Experience seamless and intuitive RV navigation with turn-by-turn directions, voice guidance, lane assistance, and integration with CarPlay. The RV LIFE GPS even works offline to get you home from remote campsites. Learn More Turn Your Phone Into the Ultimate RV GPS The Gold Standard in RV Park and Campground Research Explore with confidence, knowing you’re backed by the unparalleled data found in RV LIFE Campgrounds—the industry leader in user-generated campground reviews tailored for the RV community. Our extensive and meticulously curated database guarantees you’ll find the perfect spot for your RV adventures every time. Unrivaled RV-Specific Data Our expertly curated directory is laser-focused on providing the most relevant and accurate information for the unique needs of RVers, ensuring a hassle-free and enjoyable experience. Real-Time Wisdom from Fellow RVers With the highest number of campground reviews and ratings from fellow RV enthusiasts, RV LIFE Campgrounds offers the most comprehensive and up-to-date insights for a superior RVing journey. Learn More The Gold Standard in RV Park and Campground Research See More Features RV LIFE Plan Features Free Pro RV LIFE Membership and Profile Tailored to maximize your adventures and foster connections within a vibrant community. Access RV LIFE Campgrounds Find top-rated parks tailored to your needs using our trusted campground directory. Engage in the RV LIFE Community Join our vibrant community to share tips, stories, and inspiration with fellow RVers. Access to RV LIFE's Classifieds Looking to buy an RV? Find used RVs from other RV LIFE members. Selling your RV? List it for free where other RVers are actively searching. Plan Your Journey with RV LIFE Trip Wizard Plan the perfect RV route and discover amazing campgrounds with our user-friendly RV trip planner built specifically for RVers. Navigate Safely and Confidently with the RV Safe GPS Enjoy worry-free RV travels with our RV Safe GPS. Get customized routes specific to your RV, including turn-by-turn navigation and lane guidance. Offline Access via the RV LIFE App Don’t worry about losing cell service while finding your next spot! You can download maps, park info, and reviews for each state. RV LIFE Maintenance Tracker Our cloud-based service works on your tablet, computer, and smartphone. It tracks upcoming maintenance dates and sends detailed reminder emails, showing what needs your attention. Learn from the Best with RV LIFE Masterclass Get free access to select online courses where RV experts share their best tips about purchasing an RV, transitioning to full-time living in your RV, boondocking, and more. Start Your 7-Day Free Trial Now Research Campgrounds, Plan RV Safe Routes and Turn Your Phone Into an RV Safe GPS Not ready to try RV LIFE Pro? Download the free version of the RV LIFE App . What Do RVers Say? “…when I’m planning our next stop, all the information is right at my fingertips—no going back and forth between apps to figure out distance, cost, or campground details. RV LIFE Pro is a must for people who love to travel!” Lisa Arrowood “We just got back from a 22-night, 5,500-mile, 14-campsite trip across the country and back with two kids. All planned with RV LIFE.” Daniel Schiffer We used Trip Wizard traveling from NC to CA and back. It proved its weight in gold helping locate RV campgrounds that accept Good Sam’s, KOA, and Passport America . We saved a lot of money using this app! Jennifer Lanning Why Choose RV LIFE? RV LIFE is a small family-owned business created to serve RVers. Most of our Help Center team and staff are experienced RVers, so we get you. We understand the needs and dreams of fellow RVers and we create tools to make RVing as enjoyable as possible for everyone. Our goal is to create a trusted community of RVers that inspires and educates through our RV trip planner, mobile app, digital campground directory, RV forums and blog sites, RV Masterclass, podcasts, and much more. Start Planning Your Next RV Trip Today with RV LIFE Try Pro–FREE Features 7-day free trial Cancel anytime Our Product Features Magazine Tools Log In Sign Up About Our Story Press & Media Kit Resources Help Center User Guide RV Park Owners RV LIFE Podcast Communities Media Get the RV LIFE App Facebook Youtube X-twitter Instagram © 2025 – Copyright RV LIFE. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Affiliates