RWE | Our energy for a sustainable life. Quick Navigation Menu Contact Apps & Tools Quick Navigation RWE Global Search Bitte wählen sie einen Bereich English Deutsch The Group Purpose & Strategy Key Data Organisational Structure RWE AG RWE Renewables Europe & Australia GmbH RWE Offshore Wind GmbH RWE Clean Energy, LLC RWE Supply & Trading GmbH RWE Generation SE RWE Power AG RWE Locations Video Tour History RWE Foundation Inclusive Culture at RWE Inclusive Culture for All Our Inclusive Community Inclusive Working Conditions Compliance Dates & Events Our Energy Locations & Sites Live Production Data Discover Renewable Energies Solar Onshore Wind Offshore Wind Floating Offshore Wind Hydrogen Battery Storage Bioenergy Hydropower Discover Conventional Energies Lignite Hard Coal Nuclear Power Gas Fact-checking Products & Services International References Americas & Africa Europe & Central Asia Middle East & APAC Meet our Experts Energy Transition Investments Profile Portfolio People Contacts & Press Apps & Tools RWE Procurement General Conditions Tenders eSourcing HSE – Health | Safety | Environment Supplier Portal Supplier Management Contacts in Procurement Research & Development Current Projects Innovation Competition Hydrogen Projects AquaVentus & AquaDuctus Eemshydrogen Lingen Pilot H₂ Electrolysis Plant FUREC Get H2 Nukleus H₂@Hydro H₂ercules H₂opZee HyTech Hafen Rostock NortH2 Pembroke Net Zero Centre South Wales Industrial Cluster Wind Power Black Blade Study Scour protection Airborne Wind SeaMe Project Solar Energy Projects Floating Solar Systems Offshore Solar Energy EU-SCORES Merganser Solar Energy in Opencast Mines Agrivoltaics Digitalisation @ RWE Digital Guidelines Visualisation & Virtual Representation Digital HR Digital Processes Digital Energy Production RWE AI Research Laboratory RWE Innovation Centre E-Fuels Energy Storage CO₂ Utilisation & Integrated Energy Power-to-X Circular Economy Environmental Engineering & Emission Reduction Geothermal Energy Materials Technology Patents Responsibility & Sustainability RWE Sustainability Report Environmental Protection Climate Biodiversity Corporate Governance Compliance Corporate Governance UN Global Compact Ratings & Rankings Certifications & Guidelines Social Affairs & Society Community Engagement Inclusive Culture Human Rights Due Diligence Sustainable Supply Chain Sponsoring & Cooperations Employees Safety Career Find Job Why work here About us Our Inclusive Culture Making an Impact Global Presence What we offer Learning & Development Onboarding #TeamRWE | Blog, Videos, Podcasts Experienced Professionals Consulting Engineering & Technical Roles IT & Digital Supply & Trading Corporate Functions Project Development Early Careers Graduate Programmes Undergraduate & Student Opportunities Apprenticeships & Training FAQ Dates & Events RWE Careers Worldwide Americas Asia Australia Benelux France Italy Poland Sweden United Kingdom Investor Relations Fiscal Year 2024 RWE Share RWE Share at a Glance Key Data Analyst Recommendations & Consensus Financial Calendar & Publications Reporting Presentations IR, Ad-hoc Announcements & Managers' Transactions Annual General Meeting Videos IR Newsletter Debt and Credit Ratings Bonds and Sustainable Finance Bank Financing Commercial Paper Programmes Credit Ratings Corporate Governance Executive Board & Supervisory Board Remuneration RWE Code of Conduct Statement of Compliance & Reports Articles of Incorporation RWE AG & Rules of Procedure Auditors Tax Management Payment Reports Responsibility & Sustainability Ratings & Rankings Contact & Service IR Newsletter Our Neighbourhood Visitor Centres Spurn Discovery Centre Sponsorings & Cooperations Press & News Press Releases RWE @ Social Media News Worldwide Interviews Statements & Positions Image & Video Database Press Contacts Contact & Services Download Centre Apps & Tools Statements & Positions Immerse yourself in exciting perspectives and approaches from RWE on key topics in the energy industry Find out more RWE on track for growth RWE invests billions of euros for profitable portfolio expansion Find out more From here, you can kick-start your career. Apply now for an exciting job at RWE! To the Jobs Spotlight @ RWE.com Monday, December 1, 2025 Are solar farms displacing agricultural land? Such issues are frequently discussed in the context of the energy transition. However, facts show that photovoltaic systems only use a minimal proportion of agricultural land. New concepts such as Agri-PV even enable dual use of land and make solar power a reliable partner for sustainable food production. Read more Thursday, November 13, 2025 Only five DAX companies on track for Paris climate targets The latest “whatif?” report by right° confirms that RWE is among the few DAX companies with climate strategies aligned with the Paris Agreement. This recognition encourages to continue its path to climate neutrality by 2040. Earlier this year, RWE’s strategy was certified by the Science Based Targets initiative. More on climate protection Friday, October 17, 2025 Innovative Reef cubes®: RWE protects wind turbines and promotes marine biodiversity RWE is testing special Reef cubes® at the Rampion offshore wind farm to protect wind turbine foundations from erosion while promoting marine biodiversity. The project combines technical erosion protection with ecological added value. Read more Wednesday, September 10, 2025 “The US will remain a great country” Markus Krebber, CEO of RWE AG, emphasises in an interview with the German newspaper “Rheinische Post” that Germany’s gas supply is secured for the winter and that the coal phase-out in North Rhine-Westphalia will proceed as planned. According to Krebber, the USA remains an attractive growth market with great potential for RWE. Read the full interview Tuesday, August 26, 2025 Exploring and preserving: biodiversity at the Kaskasi offshore wind farm RWE is taking an innovative approach to protecting marine habitats. In a joint initiative with leading scientists, the company is monitoring biodiversity at the Kaskasi offshore wind farm. About the SeaMe project Tuesday, March 25, 2025 Explore your career opportunities with RWE Our careers world has been revamped, with streamlined navigation and interactive elements that improve the user experience. New, diverse content and authentic images and videos put a stronger focus on our employees and provide insights into #TeamRWE, our corporate culture and our vision. From here, you can shape the energy transition. Have fun exploring! Discover our careers world "The best energy company we can be!" With more than 125 years of successful history behind us, RWE has undergone fundamental change and is now a leading supplier of renewables worldwide. With wind farms, solar power and battery storage facilities in many countries. Even today, most of our core business is green electricity. And we want to get better and better, investing billions of euros in renewables and entering the promising hydrogen technology at full speed. Together, we have achieved a lot and we will continue on our path: For a sustainable future, for achieving net zero emissions by 2040 - for the best energy company we can be! Our strategy at a glance To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Our energy for a sustainable life RWE has reliably supplied people and companies with electricity for more than 125 years – night and day. Many of us take electricity for granted. As well as the fact that it comes out of our sockets at any time. And we can, because power generators like RWE make sure that it does. Decarbonisation and sustainability are key components of our corporate strategy. And we have a clear objective: climate-neutral by 2040. Responsibility & sustainability How we take responsibility and act sustainably Read more Information for… Future employees Neighbours Trading partners Investors + analysts Procurement Press RWE @ Social Media LinkedIn, Instagram & Co.: Follow our accounts for all latest news. Read more Research & Development Shaping the energy world of the future through innovation. Read more Environmental protection Environmental protection is an integral part of RWE's sustainability policy. Read more Our locations An overview of our international locations. Read more Hydrogen The key to the success of the energy transition. Read more Diversity We take our responsibility for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion seriously and it's embedded in our ways of working. Read more Our expertise – opening up new ways to save electricity RWE is a trusted partner for electricity generation, building storage systems and energy trading. Together with our partners we develop innovative solutions and drive technological progress for our customers. In these times of transition, we all have the unique opportunity to help re-shape the energy supply for future generations. RWE is changing, its renewables business is expanding massively and is adapting to meet the new challenges posed within the existing business. Obtaining energy and trading it globally Energy knows no boundaries – nor does our enthusiasm for producing it or for operating on trading markets. Read more Our energy Ranging from conventional to renewable energies. Discover all energy sources of RWE. Read more Products and services RWE – a strong global partner. Read more Our projects A selection of our international project highlights. Read more International, open, diverse – working at RWE Interested in joining RWE? As an employee you have countless opportunities to become part of our global #TeamRWE. Regardless of where you come from or your academic background, from here, we are shaping the future of the energy transition. Our employees see challenges as opportunities. They are guided by our set of core values: trust, passion, and performance – in a corporate culture that creates space for creative ideas and curiosity to explore. Your energy has impact. Use it for good. Find out more and apply now! Explore your opportunities at RWE Be part of the future – from here, you can shape the energy transition. Find job RWE's career world Professionally experienced, graduate, student or pupil? Discover opportunities RWE as an employer Fulfilling tasks, esteeming benefits, colleagues being there for you: That is what sets us apart. So why RWE? Meet #TeamRWE Get to know your new colleagues in our blog with videos, podcasts and stories. Explore stories Media and share price RWE is set to grow. Our clearly structured portfolio is built on a solid financial base. We provide shareholders, investors and journalists with daily press releases and information about the share price. Press releases View all 19 December Clean power from RWE for UK’s biggest water provider Thames Water Continue 18 December RWE and Indiana Michigan Power Company partner to support Indiana’s growing electricity demand with long-term PPA for 200 MW project Continue 18 December RWE to sell Polish offshore wind development project to PGE Continue If you have any questions, we will be happy to help Contact and services Find the right contact partner. Find out more RWE in your area Our sites at a glance. Find out more Documents Publications in downloadable PDF format. Find out more You are here: RWE Recommend You can also find us on ... Talk to us Contact us Start pages The Group Our Energy Products & Services Research & Development Responsibility & Sustainability Careers at RWE Investor Relations Press & News Contact & Services Quick links Finding Jobs Sites RWE Innovation Centre Supplier Portal Download Centre Apps & Tools RWE Foundation We recommend Purpose & Strategy Corporate Responsibility Diversity Hydrogen RWE as an Employer Annual Report 2024 Sustainability Report 2023 The RWE Shares Footer Disclaimer Imprint Data protection Policy Statements Cookies & Services © RWE 2025