DrFirst | Healthcare Innovation Canada Search in https://drfirst.ca/ Hit ENTER to search or ESC to close. Hospitals & Health Systems Private Practice & Specialty Care Emergency Medical Services Pharmacies & PIS Vendors Life Sciences EHR, HIS, & HIT Partners Payers & PBMs Patients & Caregivers Care Coordination & Collaboration Clinical Research Medication Adherence Medication History & Reconciliation Medication Management Price Transparency Patient Engagement & Telehealth Care Collaboration Solutions Medication Management Solutions Medical Benefits Solutions Life Sciences Solutions Patient Engagement Solutions Mobile Apps About Us News Press Releases > Regulatory Mandates Case Studies Testimonials Blog Webinars Close Support 🇺🇸 Solutions Best Possible Medication History and Reconciliation Care Coordination and Collaboration Resources Webinars Press Releases Contact Us Modernizing Healthcare Technology for Today’s Needs Patient information gaps, manual processes, and outdated systems often lead to delays in care. DrFirst’s Healthiverse Enterprise Solutions (HES) offer healthcare professionals a suite of in-workflow capabilities to automate your medication management and care coordination processes. Best Possible Medication History and Reconciliation LEARN MORE Care Coordination and Collaboration LEARN MORE MedHx℠ Customer Success: 96% Automated med rec for ultimate accuracy and integrated for superior efficiency. Customers trust MedHx to provide the broadest available source of medication data, including local pharmacy data, for faster, more precise BPMH. READ THE REPORT Our Frost & Sullivan award-winning solutions deliver real-time access to patient data and clinical decision support within your EHR – patented artificial intelligence reduces errors and improves efficiency. READ THE REPORT The 2021 KLAS First Look Report: DrFirst verifies the effectiveness of DrFirst’s Medication Management Suite (MMS) and Backline care collaboration platform. READ THE REPORT Resources View our recent webinars for the latest on regulatory mandates and industry news. Webinars View recent news and press releases from DrFirst Healthcare Innovations. Press Releases Inventing the Future of Healthcare Collaboration The “Healthiverse TM ” is a term coined by DrFirst to describe our vision of a united healthcare universe where everyone is connected in real-time to each other and to the information they need, so patients get the best care. The vast Healthiverse includes patients, medical professionals and caregivers, hospitals, pharmacies, EHRs, payers, HIEs, pharmaceutical companies, and more. The expansiveness of the Healthiverse means that providers need better access to complete, clean, and consumable information to provide the best care for patients. DrFirst’s mission is to unite the Healthiverse with revolutionary products and services that close the gaps between information and people so that all sectors in healthcare can create better outcomes together. Ready to modernize your technology? Let us show you how our integrated software delivers the right data at the right time to make more informed healthcare decisions. Quick Links: Best Possible Medication History and Reconciliation Care Coordination and Collaboration Webinars Press Releases Contact Us DrFirst Healthcare Innovations - Canada © 2021 Copyright DrFirst Canada. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy and ONC Certification Disclosure | Terms of Service | Sitemap Care Coordination and Collaboration BPMH and Reconciliation Webinars Press Releases Contact Us Support Close this module Request a Demo