Rybená - Acessibilidade WEB, Tradutor de libras e voz para sites Home Solutions About Resources Plans Blog Video Top Footer Talk to an Expert Subscribe Now Login open navigation menu By hiring Rybená through the website, you get up to 60% off! Click here to learn more. Buy Now with 60% off Your journey to improve digital accessibility starts here We can help you provide access to information for people with disabilities, thus bringing more inclusion, diversity, and representation within your business. Request a demo Learn More Companies that have made their website more accessible with Rybená WEB Accessibility for All Digital accessibility is a bright path that opens doors to full inclusion for the disabled. Through it, every touch, every word comes to life in accessible forms, transforming the digital experience into a space where everyone can thrive and connect without barriers. It is more than technology; it is the key that unlocks a world of possibilities and equality, making visible the power of inclusion in the digital age. I want to know more! Our Commitment Translation to Sign Language Translation of texts from Portuguese to LIBRAS Accessibility for All Focus on helping as many people as possible Voice Synthesis Conversion of Portuguese texts into speech Exclusive Avatar Customize the plugin with your visual identity Simple Installation Installation is done easily, quickly, and conveniently Why does your company need digital accessibility? Expansion of Target Audience Ensure that people with disabilities can use your services, around 45.6 million Brazilians have some form of disability. SEO Optimization Implementing digital accessibility tools improves your website's ranking on search engines. Company Reputation Accessible companies are perceived positively as those that care about inclusion. Customer Retention An easier-to-use website, with intuitive navigation and clear content, tends to attract and retain customers. Competitive Advantage A survey by Accenture reveals that 62% of consumers prefer to buy from brands that are involved in social and diversity and inclusion causes. Brazilian Inclusion Law 13.146/2015 - Deals with the inclusion of people with disabilities; “Art. 63. Accessibility on websites maintained by companies with headquarters or commercial representation in the Country is mandatory [...]” Access to Information More people are able to access the available content Customer Loyalty Inclusive navigation shows care and brings your company closer to the public Greater Engagement Companies with ESG practices tend to have a positive return on social media Free Demo Schedule now! Best Online Support Mon to Fri: 8am - 6pm Secure System Your security comes first Rybená is the most comprehensive solution on the market The evolution of the Rybená accessibility solution is continuous, always committed to serving as many people with disabilities as possible, prioritizing excellence and providing institutions with complete integration among all audiences. Currently, it is the most comprehensive and highest quality digital accessibility solution, utilizing advanced Artificial Intelligence resources to ensure the best possible experience. Additionally, it stands out as the only one capable of offering an exclusive and personalized character to represent each institution. Accessibility is among the 4 fundamental pillars for having a good experience within a website. In addition to seeking compliance with accessibility laws, by investing in digital accessibility, the company positions itself as a brand that believes in and supports inclusion and diversity. Contact Us Do you have any questions about our solutions, subscription, need any help, or just want to suggest something new? Send a message to our team! Email Name Phone Message Send Copyright © 2025 Rybená Inc. All Rights Reserved Rybená Inc. Lago Norte, Brasília, DF Termos de Uso Contact Home Your Journey Commitment Digital Accessibility Complete Solution Schedule a Demo Resources Know our Resources How does it work? A bit about resources What do our tools do? Additional Accessibilities Responsive Tool Ideal Plan Plans Accessible Site How to choose? Plans Frequently Asked Questions