Saambaa increases your digital revenue with safe, engaging content. Skip to content For Publishers For Advertisers About Us Blog Home saambaadmin 2024-11-28T03:23:42-07:00 Increase your digital revenue with safe, engaging content. For Publishers For Advertisers Saambaa increases your digital revenue with safe, engaging content. Saambaa offers the only 100% fill solutions for both video and display advertising. We help premium publishers drive net new revenue from their remnant inventory. Saambaa generates revenue for web publishers through our monetizable interactive content units for both video and display. Our products were specifically built to not compete against your current ad stack, but to provide a 100% backfill solution so you never lose money on remnant inventory again. What Makes Us Different? Top tier publishers choose to work with us because of our engaging content and cutting-edge ad tech.  Having been in business for over a decade, we have built our network on business integrity and relentless customer support.  Saambaa’s media partners include esteemed brands such as: Advertise With Us Saambaa’s curated content is presented in our proprietary Engagement Modules TM , which are embedded on premium publishers’ sites across the web.  We provide exclusive opportunities for video, display and native advertisements within the modules. Brand Safety We stand behind brand safety because all of our content is professionally produced and we control it. Engagement Our content is fresh and constantly in motion. Saambaa modules draw the readers’ eyes 3x more than typical ad placements. Top-Tier Sites We only partner with quality media companies that you can trust. Learn About Our Programmatic Solutions Just getting Started? Learn how we can help. Monetize With Us Join the growing list of top media companies who have decided to monetize their site with carefully vetted content instead of clickbait. We produce comparable revenue to other content recommendation services without sacrificing your brand integrity. Start Monetizing Now “The Saambaa account management team has been one of the best we’ve worked with” Ryan Tornquist , Lee Enterprises “Saambaa has been a great partner for us, driving revenue, and providing quality content for our users.” Bryan Goldberg , B Squared Ad Ops “We have had a relationship with Saambaa for nearly 4 years, and they have always been responsive and easy to work with. They provide some needed revenue diversity to our display stack.” Mike Disen , The Dallas Morning News “Saambaa has been a long-time partner of ours.  They play a key role in helping us monetize our website. We enjoy working with their team as they have always been very responsive” Ed Arrandale , Weatherbug Contact Us Phone Number (858) 876-7694 Advertise Monetize Your Site Full Name Business Name Phone Number Email Please type confirm email Website Subject Additional Info × Full Name Business Name Phone Number Email Please type confirm email Website Subject Additional Info × For Publishers For Advertisers About Us Privacy Policy © Saambaa Operations LLC | 2025 Page load link Cookie Consent with Real Cookie Banner Go to Top