Virtual-Q
Kanikka 
Gold Lockets
Pilgrim Guide
Bus Booking
Email ID/Mobile Number
Password
Login
New User? Register
Forgot Password?
! ! Swamy Saranam ! ! Pilgrims SHOULD NOT throw any clothes into the Holy River Pamba as there is no such ritual. ! ! Pilgrims are hereby informed that there is NO change to the timings of Civil Darshan at Sannidhanam as of now. Kindly ignore any fake messages informing otherwise ! ! Pilgrims can now make Online Bookings for Ayyappa Gold Lockets ! !Swamy Saranam ! !
Latest Updates
Important Links
As per the directives from Hon. High Court of Kerala, it is being brought to the urgent attention and strict compliance of all Sabarimala Pilgrims that the use and carriage of plastic materials such as bottles, sachets, wraps, and covers in the Irumudi is strictly prohibited.
As per the directive from Hon'ble High Court of Kerala, the sale and usage of synthetic non bio-degradable, non food-grade, chemical dyes and colour powders and Kumkum, containing substances that are widely harmful for the environment, organisms and people is prohibited and should not be brought by pilgrims either to Sannidhanam or to Erumely, where the ritual of Petta Thullal is performed.
This is to inform that Travancore Devaswom Board has not authorised anyone to install an Idol of Lord Ayyappa for worship, in the premises of Sabarimala Sree Dharma Sastha Temple, or permitted anyone to collect money from the public for this purpose.
Pilgrims are hereby informed that there is NO change to the timings of Civil Darshan at Sannidhanam as of now. Kindly ignore any fake messages informing otherwise.
Please complete the registration process well in advance to start availing the services related to Virtual Q ( Darshan ) & Prasadams.
Pilgrim registration is mandatory with valid Mobile Number & e-Mail address for availing online Services.Virtual-Q booking is not required for children with age of below 5 years.
Annadanam is available at free of cost at Sabarimala, Pamba, Nilakkal and Erumely temples.All pilgrims can make use of the facility during their visit to Sabarimala.
Travancore Devaswom Board has assigned UNITED INDIA INSURANCE CO.LTD for providing insurance coverage to pilgrims visiting Sabarimala. For queries regarding claim intimation, contact: VIMALDAS M., Ph. No. +919744790008.
Travancore Devaswom Board has not authorised any agents / middlemen for collecting money and making Bookings for Vazhipadu / Pooja. please visit : www.onlinetdb.com for booking Vazhipadu / Pooja. No Tour Operator in Aviation sector has been granted permission to offer Helicopter facility at Nilakkal by Travancore Devaswom Board.
Travancore Devaswom Board will never ask to share details of Debit & Credit cards, Account Number, ATM PIN, Passwords, CVV, OTP over phone / email.Please do not share with anyone.
Copyright Ⓒ 2024-Travancore Devaswom Board-All Rights Reserved
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Guidelines & FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Chat With
Saranam