Home | Sacred Heart University Skip to Main Content and this Video's Pause Button Utility Navigation Visit Apply Contact Give MySHU Accessibility Decreased Motion Off On Increased Contrast Off On Learn More Utility Navigation Visit Apply Contact Give MySHU Accessibility Decreased Motion Off On Increased Contrast Off On Learn More This site uses cookies. Our website uses cookies to understand how you navigate our content and to give you the best browsing experience. View our privacy statement for more information. More Information Close Sacred Heart University Menu Search Play Pause Where Will Your Heart Take You? That answer starts with a choice: Undergraduate Graduate That answer starts with a choice: Show toggle content controls Undergraduate Graduate We'll Challenge and Inspire You Find Your Program Program Spotlight BS in Financial Technology & Analytics Build a strong foundation in finance, technology and data analytics to meet the demands of the ever-evolving financial industry. Benefit from hands-on learning opportunities in the finance lab and become certified in Excel. Study artificial intelligence, blockchain machine learning and other cutting-edge topics that will prepare you for the future of finance. BS in Health Science Open the doors to a wide range of rewarding careers in health care. The program’s scientific foundation is enhanced with an emphasis on human values and interpersonal skills. Plus, you can take advantage of internship and study abroad opportunities. Learn from experienced faculty dedicated to your success, with firsthand learning experiences in research and community initiatives. BA in Media Arts Thrive in today’s media-driven world with a comprehensive understanding of media technology. Learn from expert faculty with real-world industry connections and gain the technical and creative skills to shine. Tailor your degree with concentrations in Journalism, Film & Television or Performing Arts. Dual Degree Master of Arts in Teaching Get your teaching career on the fast track! Earn your undergraduate and graduate degrees—plus initial teaching certification—in just five years. Real classroom experience starts early. Get a full year of classroom experience and 30 credits covered through SHU’s Teacher Residency program. Exceptional Programs Academics that will propel you forward Personal & Professional Curriculum Career Outcomes Career & Professional Development Leading Facilities Over 2.2 million square feet of building space State-of-the-Art Buildings Campuses & Locations SHU Across the Globe Spirit of SHU A community that thrives through involvement Life at SHU Service Learning & Campus Ministry Athletics Campus Visit Opportunities View Daily Campus Tours Events are offered for prospective undergraduate students or high school juniors & sophomores. Alum Takes Over Family Ice Cream Shop Outcomes Using her finance degree, great-granddaughter of Nasto’s Ice Cream founders will help manage new shop Read More 2025 Holiday Gift Guide Alumni Spotlight From barrel-aged chocolate brittle to front-row seats, check out these SHU-inspired gifts that are sure to please Read More The Most Important Fact: SHU is Committed to Your Success Pause Animation Play Animation One of the Best Named one of the Nation's Best Universities by U.S. News & World Report View all Featured Stats Close all Featured Stats Facts & Statistics Chronicle of Higher Education Ranked as one of the fastest-growing private doctoral institutions College of Distinction 2025-2026 Community Service 118,000+ Hours Top Colleges Named one of America's top colleges by Forbes A Community in Forward Motion Explore the Gallery A Community in Forward Motion Pioneer Village on Park Avenue Campus Students walk to class through Pioneer Village A beautiful fall day on the chapel quad Martire Family Arena At the Chapel of the Holy Spirit, choir students embrace during the sign of peace The Valentine Health & Recreation Center A men's basketball game at the William Pitt Athletic & Convocation Center on Park Avenue Campus Center for Healthcare Education Study Abroad students in Dingle, Ireland Cabrini and Mother Teresa Halls in snowfall Black Box Theatre in the Petillo Center for the Performing Arts Welcome Weekend Kick-off celebration Martire Family Arena Students form the letters S-H-U on Campus Field during move-in weekend Students in class at the Martire Center for the Liberal Arts The student orchestra performs at the SHU Community Theatre Student gathering on Pioneer Pavilion Students gather in the Evans Family Atrium at West Campus Mass on the chapel quad SCMA podcast studio at the Martire Center for the Liberal Arts Homecoming football victory against Georgetown JP's Diner The Gospel Choir, along with President John Petillo, performs at the Chapel of the Holy Spirit Computer engineering students work on a coding project at the Makerspace on West Campus Students have an open discussion during a Catholic intellectual tradition seminar Close Lightbox We'll Challenge and Inspire You Find a Graduate Program Program Spotlight Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership Become a leader and drive meaningful change in education. With a focus on social, emotional and academic learning (SEAL), be prepared to tackle complex educational challenges and shape the future of our schools. Get support while obtaining your degree at Sacred Heart University with an online, practice-based program. MA in Sports Communication & Media Master the art of sports storytelling by developing critical thinking skills and practicing what you learn in world-class facilities. Leverage SHU’s prime location in the heart of the U.S. sports media industry to gain real-world experience. Build your network with industry-leading faculty and accomplished alumni, opening doors to top opportunities in sports media. MS in Occupational Therapy Empower people to live fuller, more meaningful lives. Gain knowledge from expert faculty using problem-based learning and use your skills in state-of-the-art facilities, including a driving simulator, fully equipped home suite and pediatric lab. Gain real-world experience through diverse fieldwork placements and global service-learning opportunities, such as SHU’s trip to Guatemala. Doctor of Nursing Practice Take your nursing career to the highest level. Gain the skills, experience and expertise to excel as an advanced practice nurse in family-centered care through flexible full- and part-time options designed for busy professionals. Prepare for advanced clinical roles with a doctorate program built to shape confident, innovative health care leaders. Exceptional Programs Academics that will propel your career forward Learning Outcomes Career & Professional Development Alumni Professional Network Leading Facilities An experience designed to mirror real-world experiences State-of-the-Art Labs Innovative Facilities Campuses & Locations Spirit of SHU Be a part of a vibrant graduate student community Life as Graduate Student Graduate Student Advisory Committee Graduate Events Opportunities to Connect With Us Talk to a Counselor Options include open houses, information sessions, virtual events & more. Jan 14 Coffee & Conversations: Grad Admissions Drop-In Jan 27 Virtual Information Session: Social Work Programs Jan 27 Virtual Information Session: Business & STEM Programs Jan 28 Virtual Information Session: Communications & Media Programs Feb 10 Virtual Exploring Graduate School Workshop: Too Late or Perfect Timing? Feb 11 Crush Your Grad School Application: Strategies & Tips to Rise Above Feb 12 Virtual Information Session: Student Financial Assistance Feb 24 Virtual Information Session: Higher Education Programs Feb 25 Virtual Information Session: Health Care Programs Alum Says Class Training Saved a Life Alumni Spotlight Certified athletic trainer Anthony Vignola ’24 returns to SHU to share his story and inspire aspiring ATs Read More 2025 Holiday Gift Guide Alumni Spotlight From barrel-aged chocolate brittle to front-row seats, check out these SHU-inspired gifts that are sure to please Read More The Most Important Fact: SHU is Committed to Your Success Pause Animation Play Animation Physical Therapy Program Ranked Nationally as #1 in Connecticut and Top 5 in New England View all Featured Stats Close all Featured Stats Facts & Statistics Chronicle of Higher Education Ranked as one of the fastest-growing private doctoral institutions College of Distinction 2025-2026 Princeton Review The Princeton Review ranks SHU as one of the best in its 2026 Best 391 Colleges & its 2025 Best Business Schools Top Colleges Named one of America's top colleges by Forbes U.S. News & World Report Among the Best National Universities, Best Online Master’s in Nursing Programs, Best Part-Time MBA A Community in Forward Motion Explore the Gallery A Community in Forward Motion Graduate Student Lounge at West Campus Finance lab at West Campus Television studio at the Martire Center for the Liberal Arts Doctor of physical therapy grads at commencement Teacher residency program at Johnson School in Bridgeport Center for Healthcare Education AI Lab at West Campus Physician assistant program at the Tandet Center in Stamford Film & television master's program students test lighting equipment for a shoot Ph.D. in Social Work program Doctor of nursing practice/family nurse practitioner casting lab The east building at West Campus Students in the television production studio at the Martire Center for the Liberal Arts An occupational therapy student works with a client during a stroke clinic at the Center for Healthcare Education Physical therapy students in the human anatomy lab at the Center for Healthcare Education The west building at West Campus Annual Diwali celebration at the West Campus Guest House A beautiful fall day on the chapel quad Close Lightbox Our Location 5151 Park Avenue Fairfield, CT 06825 203-371-7999 Global Campuses Dingle Campus Online Programs Social unique label Instagram Facebook Twitter Youtube Tiktok Linkedin Careers at SHU Site Feedback Directions Virtual Tour Campus Map Privacy Statement © 2025 SACRED HEART UNIVERSITY Sacred Heart University Majors & Programs Academics Admissions & Aid Sacred Heart Life Athletics Secondary About SHU News & Events Colleges & Schools Online Programs Commencement Search Utility Visit Apply Contact Give MySHU Directories Offices & Departments Directory Faculty & Staff Directory Resources For Current Students Parents International Students Undergraduate Admitted Students Graduate Admitted Students Veterans Alumni Employees Community Accessibility Decreased Motion Off On Increased Contrast Off On Learn More Notification Close