BrandShelter™ - Protecting your brand & IP is our business Skip to Content Discover everything about DotBrands and how you can get prepared for the 2026 application window. Learn more Brand Protection Online Brand Protection Domain Security DNS Services SSL Certificates Enforcement TMCH Service Domain Blocking Anonymous Domain Purchase Monitoring Brand Monitoring Domain Monitoring Social Media Monitoring Content Monitoring Analysis & Enforcement Domain Management Corporate Domain Management Domain Consulting Domain Registration Domain Broker Portfolio Manager DotBrands Solutions Business Solutions IP lawyers IT experts Marketing Agencies Pharmaceutical Companies About Us Contact Us Log in en English Deutsch Français Sign up now Sign up now Log in en English Deutsch Français Open menu Close menu Brand Protection Online Brand Protection Domain Security DNS Services SSL Certificates Enforcement TMCH Service Domain Blocking Anonymous Domain Purchase Monitoring Brand Monitoring Domain Monitoring Social Media Monitoring Content Monitoring Analysis & Enforcement Domain Management Corporate Domain Management Domain Consulting Domain Registration Domain Broker Portfolio Manager DotBrands Solutions Business Solutions IP lawyers IT experts Marketing Agencies Pharmaceutical Companies About Us Contact Us Sign up now Protecting your brand & IP is our business Safeguard your brand assets via rich & robust solutions that are trusted by leading global brands. Sign Up Contact Us Global brands trust us Our Solutions Get 360º Digital Protection for your brand Trust the global specialists for protecting & managing your domain name portfolio securely and cost effectively. Get peace of mind by opting for our comprehensive suite of solutions that help you spend less time worrying about brand protection - and more time on focusing on your core business. Prevent Detect Analyze Act Prevention is better than cure! Trust us to protect your brand names by managing your domain portfolio and you will never miss a domain name renewal. We manage and safeguard your most precious online assets to limit any risk and threat against your brand IP and trademarks. Find out more Detection of threatening web activity is more important than ever. Our comprehensive monitoring services identify infringing websites that are exploiting your good name, detect repeat offenders, and discover risky registration practices your company may have used in the past. We detect any suspicious activity to enable you to take immediate action and ensure the future of your business is secure. Find out more Not sure your domain portfolio is optimized? Let our team of experts analyse your domain portfolio to discover risky registration practices, under-utilized domain names, and TLDs that are critical to your business. Our analysis of your current domain and brand protection strategy allows us to develop a tailor-made solution for your unique business requirements. Find out more Has another party registered a name that is critical to your business strategy? We can help you acquire domains from third parties. Is someone infringing on a brand you own? We can recover your names, notify the owner of the infringement, or file a complaint. Our expert team will work with you to devise and implement a solid brand protection strategy. Find out more Our Products Protect your brand assets with comprehensive and powerful solutions tailored to your business needs Brand Protection Safeguard your IP assets and protect your customers by taking simple & impactful steps. Leverage our expertise with global brands for your own business. Proactively defend your brand in the Ever-Expanding TLD Universe with the right DNS and SSL services Block registrations of your brand name & related keywords Make use of support in legal disputes for domain names  & trademark infringements Find out more Monitoring Services Robust monitoring solutions that enable you to proactively detect and mitigate potential threats ensuring the security and integrity of your online presence. Active monitoring of your brand names and domains across multiple platforms Get real-time information about downtimes or changes to your website Recognize trademark infringements at an early stage and take permanent action against the abuse of your brand online Find out more Domain Management Leverage a one-stop-shop for everything related to domain names. Our end-to-end domain management solution is the perfect option for consolidating your entire portfolio. Register & protect domain names in 1,300+ extensions across generic TLDs, new generic TLDs & country code TLDs (Top-Level Domain name) Assistance in acquiring registered domain names including anonymous domain purchase and automatic renewals In-house domain name experts to take care of your domain portfolio Find out more ABOUT BRANDSHELTER Personal assistance from an experienced, global team BrandShelter specializes in providing online brand protection for companies and trademark owners. BrandShelter is part of the Brand Services division of the Team Internet PLC, one of the world's largest domain management companies. About Us Contact Us CLIENT TESTIMONIALS There are many domain service providers out there. What has really impressed me about BrandShelter is their quick, responsive service whenever I have a problem or a question. That is what really sets them apart from their competition. Phil Adams Director of IT - Longboard Pharmaceuticals As a Federal Marketing Order the Almond Board represents all almond growers and handlers in the state of California. It is important for ABC to be able to register and manage domains on behalf of the industry all around the world and BrandShelter makes that simple and efficient for our organization.  The team at BrandShelter has always gone above and beyond to ensure that our domains are protected. James Fillmore Senior Manager, IT - Almond Board of California The BrandShelter team was instrumental in supporting our domain management consolidation strategy. By working closely with us and helping us with every step of the way, we were able to quickly learn how to self-service our domain management program. Additionally, the other services such as brand protection and domain acquisition were solid, centralized areas that we leaned on with the BrandShelter team. Paul Accattato SEO Specialist - Ferguson Enterprises STAY UP TO DATE Get the latest news & insights Uncategorized The Return of an Old Trick: Why Brands with the Letter "M" Should Be on High Alert Insights From Spoofed Domains to Fake Ads: How Phishing Attacks Erode Brand Trust Insights Top 5 Phishing Trends 2025: Brands Beware Discover more Discover more Protect your brand today. Get in touch today to start your BrandShelter account Sign up now Contact Us Protecting new & established brands globally since 2009 About Us Contact Us Sign Up Now Glossary Blog Brand Protection Monitoring Domain Management Solutions Careers Subscribe to our newsletter › Subscribe Connect with us Terms & Conditions Legal Notice Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Statement Accessibility FAQs Copyright © 1998 - 2025 Key-Systems GmbH Newsletter Subscription Welcome to BrandShelter Sign up to our newsletter! Newsletter Don’t miss out! Stay informed Sign up to our newsletter Newsletter