safety.google uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks

Jump to Content

Safety Center
Overview
Safer by Design
Product Protections
Safety Settings
Google Account
Every day you’re safer with Google
Safety
Settings
The things you do every day, safer in all kinds of ways
The safer way to 
ask that question
click that link
send that email
buy that coffee
spark that idea
sign into that app
share that selfie
watch that video

We believe that protecting your privacy starts with the world’s most advanced security. That’s why our products protect your data and respect your privacy with industry-leading technology. And because privacy is personal, we put you in control of your personal information with easy-to-use settings. This is how we keep more people safe online than anyone else in the world.

Explore product protections
Designed
 
to
 
keep
 
you


private,
 
safe,
 
and
 
secure
See how we build for safety
Private
 
by
 
design

Privacy isn’t a feature, it’s a foundation. That’s why we uphold responsible data practices in everything we build — like never selling your personal information, to anyone. And with easy-to-use tools, you can choose the privacy settings that are right for you.

Learn more

Secure
 
by
 
default

All Google products are secure by default. Whether you’re sending an email in Gmail or planning your next vacation with Gemini, you’re continuously protected by one of the world’s most advanced security infrastructures. Our AI-powered security automatically stops threats — like phishing, malware, and scams — before they ever reach you.

Learn more

Safer
 
AI

Being bold on AI requires us to be responsible from the start. This means both addressing the risks and maximizing the benefits for people and society. Guided by our AI principles, we start by building AI with safety at the core to deliver products that are secure by default and private by design.

Learn more

Easily
 
adjust
 
your
 
privacy
 
and
 
security
 
settings,
 
anytime
You’re in control of your personal information. Whether you want to save, delete,  or auto-delete your data, we give you the tools to do it.
Explore all safety settings
Slide 1 of 4,

PRIVACY SETTINGS

Your privacy settings, all in one place
Slide 1 of 4
Slide 1 of 4

Not all products or features may be available in all locations

Footer links

Social Module

Follow us

Related sites
Families
Transparency Center
About Google
Google products
Privacy policy
Terms
Manage cookies
Help