Safeco Insurance | Quote car Insurance, home Insurance, connect with independent agents Safeco Insurance logo Shop insurance Auto & Vehicle Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Boat and Watercraft Classic Car Recreational Vehicle (RV) ATV & Off-Road Vehicle Golf Cart & Low-Speed Vehicle RightTrack Property Homeowners Renters Condo Landlord Home Warranty Other Insurance Umbrella Pet Health Insurance Cyber Protection Coverage Commercial Insurance Find an agent Safe drivers save with RightTrack® Learn how For customers Get answers Customer support Find an agent Claims help Claims center Auto claims Home claims Resources Safeco blog Agents in the community Natural Disasters Safeco+ Get the app Get Roadside Assistance* 1-877-762-3101 *Additional charges apply if your policy does not include the Towing and Labor coverage. For agents Agent resources Safeco Agent Portal ® Agents in the community How we're investing time and resources to improve our communities. Independent Agent Giving Log in Safeco Insurance Always clear. Never complicated. Find a local agent Enter your ZIP Code to get started ZIP code zip code Search Search by agency name What you'll love about Safeco Great coverage at a great price Sold exclusively through independent agents Financial strength you can trust Insurance for your car and home — plus all the fun stuff in between Auto Home Motorcycle Boat & Watercraft Already a customer? Download the mobile app Download the app Log in to pay your bill, get policy docs, and even file a claim Pay your bill Make a payment anytime, update your payment date, or set up automatic payments. Pay your bill Get policy docs Get policy docs File a claim It only takes 5-10 minutes and the basic details to begin. File a claim Track your claim Log in to check the status of your claim from any device. Track your claim Previous Card Next Card 1 Discounts and savings are available where state laws and regulations allow, and may vary by state. Certain discounts apply to specific coverages only. To the extent permitted by law, applicants are individually underwritten; not all applicants may qualify. 2 Liberty Mutual Group is ranked 77th on the Fortune 100 list of largest corporations in the U.S. based on 2019 revenue. 3 Based on 2019 direct written premium. 4 Insurance ID cards are permitted in most states; however, some states do not permit the use of Mobile Insurance ID cards as proof of insurance. Resources Log in Create your account Customer support Pay your bill Fraud alert Careers Insurance agents Find an agent Languages English Roadside assistance 1-877-762-3101 File a claim 1-800-332-3226 File your claim online Privacy policy | Security policy | Terms and Conditions | Member rights | Underwriting companies | Producer compensation disclosure | Equal opportunity employer | Web accessibility policy | Site map Your California Privacy Choices | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information (CA Residents Only) Safeco Insurance logo © 2025 Liberty Mutual Insurance, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA 02116 Insurance is offered by Safeco Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates, with their principal place of business at 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02116. This website provides a simplified description of coverage. Nothing stated herein creates a contract. All statements made are subject to the provisions, exclusions, conditions and limitations of the applicable insurance policy. Please refer to actual policy forms for complete details regarding the coverage discussed. If the information in these materials conflicts with the policy language that it describes, the policy language prevails. Coverages and features not available in all states. Eligibility is subject to meeting applicable underwriting criteria.