Welcome to Saga – Over 50s insurance, holidays and money Home Homepage Homepage Homepage Skip to content MySaga Menu Back Close menu Insurance Go to Insurance Car Car insurance Over 50s car insurance Fixed price car insurance Car insurance add-ons Electric car insurance Breakdown cover European cover Make a car claim Car insurance FAQs Home Home insurance Buildings & contents insurance Over 50s home insurance Contents insurance Renters insurance Home insurance add-ons Fixed price home insurance Make a home claim Home insurance FAQs Travel Travel insurance Single trip travel insurance Existing medical conditions Annual travel insurance Cruise travel insurance Over 70s travel insurance Delayed Flight Assistance Make a travel claim Travel insurance FAQs Private medical Health insurance Compare healthplans What is health insurance? Switching provider Over 60s health insurance Options to improve cover Your choice of hospital Make a health claim Health insurance FAQs Other Landlord insurance Motorhome insurance Policy books Already a customer? Find everything you need for claims, renewals, and policy changes all in one place. Visit the Customer Hub Insurance help and resources Contact us Bereavement service Support services Hear more from us Insurance guides Holidays Go to Holidays Escorted tours Escorted tours Escorted tour offers Solo escorted tours Safari tours Rail journeys Hotel stays Hotel stays Hotel stays offers Solo hotel stays All inclusive Winter sun Special interest Birdwatching Walking Food Archaeology All special interest Travel inspiration Destinations Last-minute holidays 2026 Saga Holidays New holidays Blog Existing customers Already booked a holiday? View your booking, travel documents and update details ahead of your holiday. View my booking Holiday help and resources Manage my booking Request a brochure Hear more from us Contact us FAQs Cruises Go to Cruises Ocean cruises 2026 ocean cruises 2027 ocean cruises Late availability cruises Solo ocean cruises Ocean cruise offers Ocean cruise destinations What's included Ocean cruise FAQs River cruises 2026 river cruises Solo river cruises River cruise offers River cruise destinations What's included River cruise FAQs Why cruise with us? Ocean cruise experience River cruise experience Love It First Time guarantee Benefits of booking early Travel inspiration Travel advice Travel experiences Existing customers Already booked a cruise? Add passport details, view your cruise documents and check your cruise itinerary. View my booking Cruise help and resources Manage My Booking Request a brochure Contact us FAQs Money Go to Money Savings Easy access savings Fixed rate savings Cash ISA How does interest work? How to set savings goals How to budget Go to Savings Existing Savings customers Mortgages Retirement interest-only Buy-To-Let Remortgaging Family supported mortgages Income Boost Deposit Boost Go to Mortgages Existing Mortgage customers Equity release Equity release calculator Exclusive product Pros and cons Request a free guide Alternatives to equity release Request a call back Go to Equity release Equity release FAQs Legal services Will writing Lasting power of attorney Probate Free legal review How to make a will Guide to probate forms Go to Legal services Investing Stocks & Shares ISA General Investment Account Existing Investment customers Read the latest Saga Money news The latest news, articles and wider reading on all things financial. Making the most of what you have. Saga Money news Money help and resources Get in touch Support services Hear more from us Magazine Go to Magazine Explore topics Homes Entertainment Gardens Health & wellbeing Life Travel Recipes Games and puzzles All puzzles Codeword Crossword Quick crossword Sudoku Hard Sudoku Partnerships Vintage by Saga ↗ Saga Connections ↗ Saga Magazine Welcome to Saga’s new podcast Listen to Experience is Everything, hosted by Jenni Murray, as she chats to national treasures and household names about the lessons they have learnt in their lifetimes. Listen now Magazine help and resources Log in to MySaga Hear more from us Contact us Saga Luxury Cruise Sale now on! There is still time to save in our cruise sale! Enjoy unmissable offers on a selection of all-inclusive cruises aboard Spirit of Discovery and Spirit of Adventure. Book now Article Hot smoked salmon and leek chowder Article Dried fruit compote Article Jamie Oliver's quick and easy veggie curry Article Traditional cottage pie Saga Insurance Car, home, travel and health – we’ve got you covered. Go to Saga Insurance Saga Holidays Discover a holiday created with you in mind. Go to Saga Holidays Saga Cruises Luxury, all-inclusive cruising to a host of exciting destinations. Go to Saga Cruises Saga Money Products to help you feel good about your finances. Go to Saga Money Saga Magazine Widen your world with our award-winning magazine. Go to Saga Magazine Vintage by Saga Great value, carefully chosen wines, by the bottle or case. Go to Vintage by Saga Saga Connections Find love, friendship and fun online. Join today MySaga View your quotes and manage holiday bookings. Log in to MySaga Delivering exceptional experiences every day You can trust us to take care of the details that matter A trusted British brand One of UK's most trusted brands for people over 50, known for our high quality products and exceptional standards of service. Designed for the over-50s With more than 70 years experience of designing and delivering award-winning products for the over-50s, your needs are our first thought, not an afterthought. Award winning We regularly win awards. Our Ocean Cruises and All-Inclusive Holidays are Which Recommended. More from Saga We’ve got loads of insider guides, expert advice and a bit of fun, from buying a house, investing in stocks and shares, budgeting and a shed-load more. Make home a reality for your family Help support your loved ones on their home-buying journey. With Saga Mortgages, you could use your savings, property or income to help a loved one secure a mortgage. Explore your options Saga named Best British insurer At the 2025 Insurance choice awards, we won Best British insurance company and Best health insurance provider. Thanks to everyone who voted for us. Read more Subscribe for just £1 Try 3 issues of Saga Magazine for just £1 when you subscribe in our January Sale. Enjoy 3 print editions plus 3 months access to the app. Subscribe now Experience deserves exceptional wine Enjoy the convenience of premium wines delivered direct to your door with Vintage by Saga – join our wine club today and save £84 on your first case Join today Do not miss our river cruise sale! For a limited time, you can save up to £400 per person on a selection of all-inclusive river cruises. Do not delay, cabins are selling fast! Book today Need to find something out? Whether you have an enquiry, a complaint or would like to send us some feedback, we'd be delighted to hear from you. Get in touch Looking for some guidance when it comes to insurance? From electric bikes to travelling with a medical condition, our insurance guides cover a wide range of car, home, health and travel topics. Go to insurance guides Need help with your insurance? Manage your Saga Insurance with ease. Find everything you need for claims, renewals, and policy changes all in one convenient place. Go to insurance customer hub Award-winning service you can trust We are delighted that our dedication to providing our customers with products and services tailored to them has been recognised through a variety of awards and reviews. Sign up to our free Saga Magazine newsletter Sign up to our free Saga Magazine newsletter Get inspiring real-life stories, expert health advice, finance news and our hugely popular puzzles delivered direct to your inbox. Plus news and offers from Saga Magazine and our carefully chosen partners. First name * Please enter a valid first name Please use only letters Last name * Please enter a valid surname Please use only letters Email Address * Please enter a valid email address Please use a valid email format Subscribe By providing your details you will receive emails with related content and offers from Saga. You can unsubscribe at any time. For information about how we use your personal information, please view our Privacy Policy Our company About us Careers Investor relations ↗ Newsroom ↗ Shareholder services ↗ Corporate ↗ Our products Insurance Holidays Cruises Money Magazine More from us Hear more from us Generation Experience Saga Connections ↗ Vintage by Saga ↗ Other information Cookie settings Cookie policy Privacy policy Terms and conditions Modern slavery statement Gender pay review Customer reviews policy Sitemap Contact us Log in to MySaga Get in touch Make a complaint Registered office: 3 Pancras Square, London,  United Kingdom,  N1C 4AG © Saga 2025