Unified identity security: The core of your modern enterprise Get a demo Toggle menu Search Products Core solutions Identity Security Cloud Compare product suites IdentityIQ Advanced capabilities Agent Identity Security Observability & Insights Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management Non-Employee Risk Management Data Access Security Password Management Access Risk Management Machine Identity Security Harbor Pilot Connectivity & Integrations Search connectors & integrations Accelerated Application Management AI-powered Application Onboarding SailPoint Atlas Our unified platform with key services that power SailPoint Identity Security Cloud Meet Atlas Solutions Where do you rank? Assess the maturity of your identity program and identify gaps to start your identity transformation. Assess your identity By use case Mitigate cyber risk Embrace zero trust Modernization Maintain compliance Improve IT efficiency Accelerate on & offboarding By industry Education Financial Services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Utilities Oil and Gas By role CIO CISO Identity Leader Security Leader Resources Resource Library Insights to drive your identity security program forward Learn more Blog Read & follow the latest in enterprise security news Learn more Events Navigate Browse all events Webinars Community Events Customer success Customer experience portfolio Success Acceleration Service Packages Professional services Training & certification For partners Partner overview Find a partner Technology Alliance Partners (TAP) Become a partner Why Us Ready to talk? We’d love to hear from you. Get in contact with us for a quick reply. Contact us Company Why us? About us Leadership Investor relations SailPoint gives back Careers Join the crew Careers at SailPoint Sail-U Welcoming to All More Customer Stories News center Press releases Accolades Support Support portal Join the Community Documentation services Contact us Language USA (English) USA ( English ) Australia & New Zealand ( English ) Brazil ( Português ) France ( Français ) Germany ( Deutsch ) Latin America ( Español ) Spain ( Español ) 台湾 ( 繁體中文 ) 日本 ( 日本語 ) 한국 ( 한국어 ) New 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for Identity Governance and Administration. Get the report Search Change language USA ( English ) Australia & New Zealand ( English ) Brazil ( Português ) France ( Français ) Germany ( Deutsch ) Latin America ( Español ) Spain ( Español ) 台湾 ( 繁體中文 ) 日本 ( 日本語 ) 한국 ( 한국어 ) Support Support portal Join the Community Documentation services Contact us Search Close search Products Core solutions Identity Security Cloud An intelligent & unified solution Compare product suites Find the right solution for your needs IdentityIQ Software based identity security Advanced capabilities Agent Identity Security Observability & Insights Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management Non-Employee Risk Management Data Access Security Password Management Access Risk Management Machine Identity Security Harbor Pilot Connectivity & Integrations Search connectors & integrations Accelerated Application Management AI-powered Application Onboarding SailPoint Atlas Our unified platform with key services that power SailPoint Identity Security Cloud Meet Atlas Solutions Where do you rank? Assess the maturity of your identity program and identify gaps to start your identity transformation. Assess your identity By use case Mitigate cyber risk Embrace zero trust Modernization Maintain compliance Improve IT efficiency Accelerate on & offboarding By industry Education Financial Services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Utilities Oil and Gas By role CIO CISO Identity Leader Security Leader Resources Resource Library Insights to drive your identity security program forward Learn more Blog Read & follow the latest in enterprise security news Learn more Events Navigate Browse all events Webinars Community Events Customer success Customer experience portfolio Success Acceleration Service Packages Professional services Training & certification For partners Partner overview Find a partner Technology Alliance Partners (TAP) Become a partner Why Us Ready to talk? We’d love to hear from you. Get in contact with us for a quick reply. Contact us Company Why us? About us Leadership Investor relations SailPoint gives back Careers Join the crew Careers at SailPoint Sail-U Welcoming to All More Customer Stories News center Press releases Accolades Get a demo Contact us Your browser does not support this video tag The new era of identity is adaptive Unifying identity, security and data is the trifecta for enterprise resilience. Get a demo Take a product tour Recommended Take control of every AI agent Learn more Clearly see every identity Learn more Application insights from day one Learn more Take control of every AI agent Learn more Clearly see every identity Learn more Application insights from day one Learn more How we help See how SailPoint helps secure every identity and protect your enterprise. Clarity and control for every AI agent Bring AI agents, their users, and the data they interact with together in one intelligent view. Learn more Discover & secure all machine identities Enhance security by gaining control over machine identities Learn more Manage & secure the non-employee lifecycle Boost efficiency with simplified management of non-employees Learn more Secure & govern access to sensitive data Extend visibility and access governance to your sensitive data Learn more Gain visibility into identity context Trace the full story of who has access to what—and why—with actionable insights. Learn more Platform The value of the SailPoint platform The SailPoint Platform helps organizations manage and secure access to critical data and applications. It simplifies and unifies identity, security and data, providing a streamlined solution for today’s dynamic business needs. Explore the Platform Take product tour Horizons of Identity Security Adapt or fall behind Explore the latest Horizons research and discover how identity leaders reduce risk, unlock greater ROI, and outpace change across the security frontier. Get the report See where you rank OUR CUSTOMERS Many of the world’s leading enterprises trust SailPoint 53% of the Fortune 500 and 28% of the Forbes Global 2000 Play video Driving speed and accuracy at PACCAR “As SailPoint has continued to evolve their capabilities, it's gone from best of breed to best platform. We've been very confident in our SailPoint use to this point and we're very excited about the future that Atlas may hold.” Doug Drewry, Director Global Cybersecurity Operations & Identity and Access Management Read customer story Play video Reducing risk and operational cost through automations “By implementing SailPoint, we've got a better customer experience. We've got a faster route to live, and we've also made our state more secure.” Mark Ward, Head of Identity & Access, Legal & General Read customer story Play video HEINEKEN balances security & productivity “With SailPoint as our partner, we are able to build a robust identity security platform together which serves our ultimate goal to become best-connected brewer.” Kamy Ng, Digital Identity Lead, HEINEKEN Play video Driving speed and accuracy at PACCAR “As SailPoint has continued to evolve their capabilities, it's gone from best of breed to best platform. We've been very confident in our SailPoint use to this point and we're very excited about the future that Atlas may hold.” Doug Drewry, Director Global Cybersecurity Operations & Identity and Access Management Read customer story Play video Reducing risk and operational cost through automations “By implementing SailPoint, we've got a better customer experience. We've got a faster route to live, and we've also made our state more secure.” Mark Ward, Head of Identity & Access, Legal & General Read customer story Play video HEINEKEN balances security & productivity “With SailPoint as our partner, we are able to build a robust identity security platform together which serves our ultimate goal to become best-connected brewer.” Kamy Ng, Digital Identity Lead, HEINEKEN Play video Driving speed and accuracy at PACCAR “As SailPoint has continued to evolve their capabilities, it's gone from best of breed to best platform. We've been very confident in our SailPoint use to this point and we're very excited about the future that Atlas may hold.” Doug Drewry, Director Global Cybersecurity Operations & Identity and Access Management Read customer story Previous 1 2 3 Next Value delivered Driving real business outcomes for our customers SailPoint is a leading provider of identity security for the modern enterprise. Through AI-driven identity security, we enable our customers to streamline processes at scale to drive efficiencies and add value. Why choose SailPoint 22 M 22M access control actions automated in a single organization 1 72 % Streamlined 72% of resources via automation 2 92 % Reduced time to provision access by 92% 3 Accolades & Recognition Excellence & leadership recognized SailPoint recognized as a 2024 Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice for Identity Governance & Administration Read more KuppingerCole named SailPoint a 2024 leader in Leadership Compass on Identity and Access Governance See why Frost & Sullivan named SailPoint as a Market leader in 2024 Global Identity Governance & Administration Get report SailPoint ranked #1 by revenue in Identity Governance and Administration in 2024 according to Gartner® see disclaimer on accolade page Read more OUR PARTNERS Our global partner ecosystem We partner with the many of the most innovative companies to provide identity security for the modern enterprise. Our partner ecosystem offers consulting, implementation, and services on SailPoint deployments, as well as integrations that help drive your business. Explore our partners Resources Resources for security leaders Modern Identity Security For Dummies, SailPoint Special Edition Dive into how leading companies use AI-driven strategies to manage access, detect threats, and drive innovation. Get report Gartner® Market Guide for Identity Governance & Administration This report is a vital resource for security and risk management professionals navigating the dynamic world of identity governance. Get report Report The Horizons of Identity Security, 2025-2026 Discover how identity leaders reduce risk, unlock greater ROI, and outpace change across the security frontier. Get the report References https://www.sailpoint.com/customers/insurance-identitynow/ https://www.sailpoint.com/customers/legal-general/ https://www.sailpoint.com/customers/identity-security (48 hours to 4) Contact us Modernize your identity security with SailPoint Company Why Us About Us Trust Center Investor relations Become a Partner Environmental, Social, and Governance Quick Links Blog Resources Community Documentation Developer forum Careers Join the crew Why work at SailPoint Help & support Contact us Customer support Glossary Stay connected © 2025 SailPoint Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Cookie notice Privacy Legal Email preferences Disclosure policy