This site uses cookies and other similar technologies to provide site functionality, analyze traffic and usage, and deliver content tailored to your interests. | Learn More
I ACCEPT
For Employers 
Survey Catalog 
About Us 
Resources 
For Individuals 
LOGIN
PRICE A JOB
AI DEMO BOOK A DEMO
PAY SHOULDN’T BE TRANSACTIONAL
Make the Most of Every Compensation Decision

Salary.com takes compensation management to compensation intelligence – because the way you pay should power your business. That’s what it means to Get Pay Right®.

BOOK A DEMO TRY AI
EMPLOYEES AND JOB SEEKERS
Know Your Worth
GET MY SALARY ESTIMATE

If you are an HR professional learn how we can help you with salary benchmarking.

Trusted by 10,000 Businesses Worldwide

Everything You Need to Manage Compensation in One Platform

Whether your organization needs help with market pricing, pay equity, job architecture, compensation management or planning, Salary.com has the solutions you need to address your unique challenges. Our all-in-one platform integrates with your HR systems to ensure you have the right tools for total compensation management.

Compensation Datasets

Access trusted and accurate data to confidently price jobs. Salary.com's CompAnalyst Market Data, SalaryIQTM, Compdata and IPAS Surveys keep you competitive and informed across roles and locations.

LEARN MORE
Compensation Management

CompAnalyst® simplifies your entire compensation process and analyzes your pay practices. Automate survey participation, build and manage salary structures, and quickly identify pay discrepancies and employee flight risks.

LEARN MORE
Compensation Planning

Ditch manual processes for smarter workflows. CompXL simplifies planning with secure, scalable tools—perfect for even the most complex merit & incentive calculations.

LEARN MORE
Job Architecture

Simplify job architecture with JobArchitect®. Create, edit, and manage job descriptions in one centralized platform, all while ensuring consistency, compliance, and alignment with roles and skills to stay ahead of workforce needs.

LEARN MORE
Pay Equity Analytics

Commit to fair pay with the CompAnalyst® Pay Equity Suite. Identify disparities, maintain compliance, and implement strategies for equitable compensation practices.

LEARN MORE
Pay Communications

Boost trust and retain talent with clear, confident pay communication. Elevate by Salary.com® helps you balance transparency and confidentiality to avoid compensation frustrations.

LEARN MORE

Salary.com is a Top Leader in Compensation Management

GET THE REPORT
Why Total Compensation Management
Simplify Complexity

Getting pay right involves managing countless factors—benchmarking, pay equity, planning, and communication. With Salary.com, everything works together seamlessly in one integrated platform, saving time and reducing headaches.

Fuel Decisions with Trusted Data

Access reliable, accurate, and up-to-date data to make informed decisions that ensure fairness, compliance, and competitiveness. From market trends to pay equity analytics, you’ll always stay ahead.

Tailored for Your Organization

No two companies are the same. That’s why Salary.com’s scalable and customizable tools adapt to your unique challenges, whether you’re building job architecture or streamlining bonus planning.

ISG Research Ranks Salary.com as Leader in Total Compensation Management

Salary.com received the top ranking for providing the best customer experience and total cost of ownership, total benefit of ownership, and return on investment.

DOWNLOAD THE REPORT

WHITEPAPER

What to Look for in a Job Description Management Solution

In this paper, we look at when it is time to consider a new job description management solution. We also cover what should be included in the ideal solution.

DOWNLOAD

WEBINAR

What to Do After Your Pay Equity Audit

Watch on-demand employment attorney Heather Bussing for a timely discussion on the critical next steps in your pay equity journey.

WATCH

WHITEPAPER

What to Look for in a Total Compensation Management Suite

In this paper, you’ll discover: what the ideal TCM Suite should include; What can happen when TCM is not part of your strategy; the benefits of a TCM suite

DOWNLOAD

WHITEPAPER

What to Look for in a Job Description Management Solution

In this paper, we look at when it is time to consider a new job description management solution. We also cover what should be included in the ideal solution.

DOWNLOAD

WEBINAR

What to Do After Your Pay Equity Audit

Watch on-demand employment attorney Heather Bussing for a timely discussion on the critical next steps in your pay equity journey.

WATCH

WHITEPAPER

What to Look for in a Total Compensation Management Suite

In this paper, you’ll discover: what the ideal TCM Suite should include; What can happen when TCM is not part of your strategy; the benefits of a TCM suite

DOWNLOAD
❮
❯
EVENTS
NEWS
RESOURCES
WEBINAR
Hours to Minutes: How to Streamline Your Job Descriptions
WEBINAR
Gratitude in Action: Celebrating HR and Compensation Leaders Driving Change
WEBINAR
2026 Salary Budgets: Regional Hotspots, Cool Zones & Industry Outliers
WEBINAR
Compensation Horror Stories
❮
❯
Get Pay Right:How to Achieve Pay Equity that Works!

A kindhearted and wise book about twenty-first century leadership rooted in a deep respect for the workforce.

LEARN MORE
For Individuals

Negotiate a promotion, find a new job, or simply understand your worth.

KNOW YOUR WORTH
Salary Research 

Learn what employers are paying for jobs you’re interested in.

Personal Salary Report 

Calculate your value based on your work experience and skill set.

Career Development 

Learn more about how to progress in your career path and find opportunities for career development.

Cost of Living Calculator 

Explore the cost of living and working in various locations.

Job Listings 

Find, apply for, and land your dream job at your dream company.

Company Salary 

Find out what you should be paid at the companies you are interested in.

Your Partner in Total Compensation Management

Simplify the complexities of compensation with a trusted, all-in-one platform. From pay equity to job architecture, we empower organizations to Get Pay Right with scalable solutions tailored to your needs.

LEARN MORE
CONTACT US
Contact Form
1-617-631-8000
BOOK A DEMO
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
PRODUCTS
CompAnalyst
Compdata
CompXL
IPAS
SalaryIQ
JobArchitect
Pay Equity
Skills Library
Pay Communications
Commissions Administration
PLATFORM
Integrations
Partners
ABOUT US
About
Careers
Newsroom
Speakers Bureau
Partner Program
PROTECTING YOUR DATA
Legal
Privacy Policy/California Privacy Rights
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
 
AI MADE FOR HR AND COMPENSATION LEADERS
Stop spending hours on research – get instant, trusted insights with Salary.ai. Let our AI reveal in-demand skills, track salary trends, analyze benefits, and deliver actionable intelligence – now.
START MY FREE TRIAL