 Total Compensation Management and Salary Data to Achieve Pay Equity | Salary.com BOOK Home For Employers Survey Catalog About Us Resources For Individuals LOGIN CompAnalyst Salary.ai IPAS Executive Small Business Compdata Surveys Personal Price a Job AI Demo Experience CompAnalyst: AI Demo Book A Demo Main Navigation For You Know Your Worth Salaries Skills Companies Jobs Benefits Industries Locations Get a Raise Get a Personal Salary Report Get a Raise Salaries Salary Wizard Benefits Cost of Living Minimum Wage Gender Gap How to Get a Raise Job Search Find a Job Research Companies Create Job Alerts Post Resume Create an Account How to Find a Job Job Seeker Advice Career Skills Career Development Negotiation Future of Work All Articles Eight Factors That Can Affect Your Pay Search Salary.com now Back to main navigation Main Navigation For Employers Most innovative compensation technology backed by the most experienced team in the industry See it in Action Submit RFP Our experienced compensation consultants are here to help. Submit Request for proposal here Submit RFP Data Surveys & Data Sets Market Data Global Market Data Compdata Surveys Minimum Wage IPAS Surveys (Global) Data as a Service/API Survey Catalog Executive Pay Real-time Competitive Intelligence Integrations Compensation Software All-in-One Solution Compensation Management Compensation Planning CompAnalyst AI Suite Pay Equity Analytics Job Description Management Skills and Competency Library Community For Consultants Pay Communications Commissions Administration Services Consulting Survey Participation Custom Market Pricing E-commerce Industry Data for SMB Single Job Reports Partners Professional Services Customer Success CompAnalyst AI AI for HR & Comp Agentic AI platform built to support the people behind pay. Learn More Insights On-demand Webinars Best practices, trends and insights you need to get pay right. Back to main navigation Main Navigation Survey Catalog Search Survey Catalog Over 200 titles to choose from Most innovative compensation technology backed by the most experienced team in the industry See it in Action Core Surveys (23) U.S. Benchmark Pro Global Benchmark Benefits USA HR Metrics Compdata Surveys IPAS Surveys Search Catalog Industry Surveys (23) Healthcare (6) Technology (5) Retail (4) Manufacturing (10) Financial Services (21) Hospitality (4) Colleges & Universities (5) Other Data + Reports CompAnalyst Market Data CompAnalyst Executive Executive Pay Survey Minimum Wage Data Free Surveys Salary Budget Survey Do I Need a Custom Survey Download The Guide Search Catalog Back to main navigation Main Navigation About Us Most innovative compensation technology backed by the most experienced team in the industry See it in Action Submit RFP Our experienced compensation consultants are here to help. Submit Request for proposal here Submit RFP Team Customer Stories Newsroom Speakers CompAnalyst AI AI for HR & Comp Agentic AI platform built to support the people behind pay. Learn More Insights On-demand Webinars Best practices, trends and insights you need to get pay right. Back to main navigation Main Navigation Resources Know Your Worth Salaries Skills Companies Jobs Benefits Industries Locations Stay Informed Enter your email to stay up to date Stay Informed BY TYPE Blog Events and Webinars How to HR Glossary Podcasts Law Review Newsletter MORE RESOURCES BY TOPIC Pay Equity Employee Engagement War for Talent Trends and Best Practices Compensation MORE RESOURCES Insights On-demand Webinars Best practices, trends and insights you need to get pay right. Whitepaper Guide to Pay Equity This guide covers progress, benchmarks, and execution in the advancement of pay equity Back to main navigation Pay shouldn’t be transactional Make the Most of Every Compensation Decision Salary.com takes compensation management to compensation intelligence – because the way you pay should power your business. That’s what it means to Get Pay Right ® . Book a Demo TRY AI EMPLOYEES AND JOB SEEKERS Know Your Worth GET MY SALARY ESTIMATE If you are an HR professional learn how we can help you with salary benchmarking. Trusted by 10,000 Businesses Worldwide Everything You Need to Manage Compensation in One Platform Whether your organization needs help with market pricing, pay equity, job architecture, compensation management or planning, Salary.com has the solutions you need to address your unique challenges. Our all-in-one platform integrates with your HR systems to ensure you have the right tools for total compensation management. Compensation Datasets Access trusted and accurate data to confidently price jobs. Salary.com's CompAnalyst Market Data, SalaryIQ TM , Compdata and IPAS Surveys keep you competitive and informed across roles and locations. Learn more Compensation Management CompAnalyst ® simplifies your entire compensation process and analyzes your pay practices. Automate survey participation, build and manage salary structures, and quickly identify pay discrepancies and employee flight risks. Learn more Compensation Planning Ditch manual processes for smarter workflows. CompXL simplifies planning with secure, scalable tools—perfect for even the most complex merit & incentive calculations. Learn more Job Architecture Simplify job architecture with JobArchitect ® . Create, edit, and manage job descriptions in one centralized platform, all while ensuring consistency, compliance, and alignment with roles and skills to stay ahead of workforce needs. Learn more Pay Equity Analytics Commit to fair pay with the CompAnalyst ® Pay Equity Suite. Identify disparities, maintain compliance, and implement strategies for equitable compensation practices. Learn more Pay Communications Boost trust and retain talent with clear, confident pay communication. Elevate by Salary.com ® helps you balance transparency and confidentiality to avoid compensation frustrations. Learn more Salary.com is a Top Leader in Compensation Management GET THE REPORT Why Total Compensation Management Simplify Complexity Getting pay right involves managing countless factors—benchmarking, pay equity, planning, and communication. With Salary.com, everything works together seamlessly in one integrated platform, saving time and reducing headaches. Fuel Decisions with Trusted Data Access reliable, accurate, and up-to-date data to make informed decisions that ensure fairness, compliance, and competitiveness. From market trends to pay equity analytics, you’ll always stay ahead. Tailored for Your Organization No two companies are the same. That’s why Salary.com’s scalable and customizable tools adapt to your unique challenges, whether you’re building job architecture or streamlining bonus planning. ISG Research Ranks Salary.com as Leader in Total Compensation Management Salary.com received the top ranking for providing the best customer experience and total cost of ownership, total benefit of ownership, and return on investment. DOWNLOAD THE REPORT WEBINAR What to Do After Your Pay Equity Audit Watch on-demand employment attorney Heather Bussing for a timely discussion on the critical next steps in your pay equity journey. Watch WHITEPAPER What to Look for in a Total Compensation Management Suite In this paper, you’ll discover: what the ideal TCM Suite should include; What can happen when TCM is not part of your strategy; the benefits of a TCM suite DOWNLOAD WHITEPAPER What to Look for in a Job Description Management Solution In this paper, we look at when it is time to consider a new job description management solution. We also cover what should be included in the ideal solution. DOWNLOAD ❮ ❯ EVENTS NEWS RESOURCES webinar Hiring at Speed: Real-Time Data for High-Velocity Recruiting February 04, 2025 webinar Best Practices for Presenting Market Analysis to Leadership January 29, 2025 webinar New Year, New Goals: Building a Compensation Strategy for Success January 29, 2025 webinar Ask the Expert: Navigating Job Descriptions, Skills and HR Trends January 29, 2025 Get Pay Right: How to Achieve Pay Equity that Works! A kindhearted and wise book about twenty-first century leadership rooted in a deep respect for the workforce. Learn More For Individuals Negotiate a promotion, find a new job, or simply understand your worth. Know Your Worth Salary Research Learn what employers are paying for jobs you’re interested in. Personal Salary Report Calculate your value based on your work experience and skill set. Career Development Learn more about how to progress in your career path and find opportunities for career development. Cost of Living Calculator Explore the cost of living and working in various locations. Job Listings Find, apply for, and land your dream job at your dream company. Company Salary Find out what you should be paid at the companies you are interested in. Your Partner in Total Compensation Management Simplify the complexities of compensation with a trusted, all-in-one platform. From pay equity to job architecture, we empower organizations to Get Pay Right with scalable solutions tailored to your needs. Learn more Contact Us Contact Form 1-617-631-8000 Book a Demo Join our email list email is empty. Products CompAnalyst Compdata CompXL IPAS SalaryIQ JobArchitect Pay Equity Skills Library Pay Communications Commissions Administration Platform Integrations Partners About Us About Careers Newsroom Speakers Bureau Partner Program Protecting Your Data Legal Privacy Policy/California Privacy Rights Accessibility Terms of Use Do Not Sell or Share My Information