Salad - Distributed GPU Cloud | 60,000+ daily active GPUs from $0.02/hour Read how Civitai powers 10 Million AI images per day on Salad's distributed cloud Products COMPUTE SERVICES Salad Container Engine Fully managed and massively scalable Community Cloud Flexible, cost-effective GPU access Secure Cloud Enterprise-grade datacenter GPUs Salad Gateway Service Dedicated proxies in ~200 countries API PRODUCTS Salad Transcription API Speech-to-text API STORAGE SERVICES Distributed File Storage Coming soon Object Storage Coming soon Managed Databases Coming soon DEPLOYMENT SERVICES Virtual Kubelets K8 pods as container deployments Use cases Image Generation Get more images per dollar Learn More ZK Proof 77% savings - we can prove it! Learn More Voice AI Up to 90% cost savings Learn More Computer Vision Save 50% or more on cloud cost Learn More Data Collection 10X better data on 1000s of residential IPs Learn More Batch Processing Massive batch jobs. Minimal spend. Learn More Molecular Dynamics Scale easily on 1000s of low-cost GPUs Learn More Developers Developer Hub Resources to get started on SaladCloud Learn More RESOURCES SaladCloud Portal Deploy on 1000s of GPUs Docs SaladCloud documentation Browsing on Mobile? Allow us to follow up on desktop Blog Benchmarks, case studies & more PLATFORM Security Run securely on our distributed cloud Status Check our system status DEPLOYMENT GitHub Code repo, SDKs and APIs Models Recipes of popular models Pricing About About Salad A mission to democratize the cloud Learn More Charity Giving back to the community Learn More Press Salad in the news Learn More Talk to Sales Earn with PC Earn with PC Deploy on Salad Save up to 90% on SaladCloud Affordable, Secure, Community Cloud for AI/ML Inference Deploy AI/ML production models at scale securely on the world's largest distributed cloud network. Save up to 90% on compute costs compared to high-end GPUs & hyperscalers. Try for free Talk to Sales See Pricing SaladCloud user "SaladCloud offered us the lowest GPU prices in the market with incredible scalability." Justin Maier Founder & CEO, Civitai SaladCloud supplier "As a cybersecurity professional, I appreciate Salad's commitment to platform security for customers and compute providers alike." Kyle LePrevost Cybersecurity Architect 191 Countries with nodes 450K+ Worldwide earning nodes 60K+ Daily active GPUs $0.02/hr GPU starting price Cut compute costs by up to 90% Get in touch with Sales for discounted pricing Save even more for high-volume GPU use. Talk to Sales Talk to Sales More than 10 GPUs Long running jobs Committed contracts 100s of innovative companies trust SaladCloud ‍ Harnessing the World’s Unused Compute for AI Innovation. Welcome to the compute-sharing economy! 90% of the world’s compute resources (over 400 million consumer GPUs) sit idle for 20-22 hrs daily. ‍ At Salad, we have activated this latent resource to power SaladCloud, the world’s largest, greenest, most affordable & fully people-powered cloud. SAVE BIG ON THE LOWEST-PRICED GPU CLOUD Stop overspending. Start Computesharing. Big Tech controls the compute, sets the prices and rations supply. Not anymore. SaladCloud unlocks the world's largest AI compute hidden in plain sight, offering low-cost AI-enabled GPUs to businesses while rewarding individual GPU owners. GPUs from $0.02/hour Talk to Sales Watch Demo Companies scale at low-cost 100s of companies run AI/ML production workloads for the lowest cost on SaladCloud. GPU owners earn rewards 1000s of PC owners share unused GPU hours in exchange for rewards on SaladCloud. Click here to earn with your GPU SaladCloud Pricing Try our GPU pricing calculator See how much you save switching to SaladCloud. See Pricing RTX/GTX GPUs From $0.02/hour Up to 90% less cost Connecting idle GPUs worldwide to compute-hungry businesses securely Why AI teams & GPU owners choose SaladCloud Low-cost, high-scale community cloud for seamless AI project scaling “By switching to SaladCloud, we are serving inference on over 600 consumer GPUs to deliver 10 Million images per day and training more than 15,000 LoRAs per month. SaladCloud not only had the lowest GPU prices in the market but also offered us incredible scalability.” Justin Maier Founder & CEO, Civitai Read case study > "On SaladCloud's consumer GPUs, we are running 3X more scale at half the cost of A100s on our local provider and almost 85% less cost than the two major hyperscalers we were using before.I’m not losing sleep over scaling issues anymore." Jamsheed Kamardeen CTO, Blend Read case study > "If you want access to 1000s of GPUs, you can get them on SaladCloud for better cost-efficiency. Salad is also really customer friendly , something you cannot get from a larger cloud provider as a startup." Zachary Lawrence CEO, Klyne.ai Helping GPU owners turn idle power into tangible income "Salad is incredibly easy to set up and use, offers great rewards like Nitro and Amazon gift cards, and allows me to pause and resume whenever I need my hardware. As a cybersecurity professional, I also appreciate Salad’s commitment to platform security - they do a good job making sure the platform is safe for customers and Chefs alike." Kyle LePrevost Cybersecurity architect "Ever since discovering Salad, I’ve stopped letting my computer sit idle, wasting electricity. Instead, I’ve put my PC to work and earned rewards which I can easily redeem on the storefront on things I love, like video games and anime merchandise. Salad has been a game changer, turning my computer's downtime into something truly valuable." Netanel Takuni Logistics specialist "I've been using Salad for about six months, and it's been a significant shift from traditional crypto mining for me. Embracing this platform has allowed me to explore new and exciting ways to utilize my computer hardware . Brandon Coin BC-PC.com Built for Inference at Scale Scale quickly to thousands of GPU instances worldwide without the need to manage VMs or individual instances, all with a simple usage-based price structure. Reduce Budget Bloat Save up to 90% on orchestration services from big box providers, plus discounts on recurring plans. GPU-Driven Processing Distribute data batch jobs, HPC workloads, and rendering queues to thousands of 3D accelerated GPUS. Global Edge Network Bring workloads to the brink on low-latency edge nodes located in nearly every corner of the planet. Multi-cloud Compatible Deploy Salad Container Engine workloads alongside your existing hybrid or multi-cloud configurations. On-Demand Elasticity Scale your workloads effortlessly with dynamic resource allocation, meeting fluctuating demands in real time without over-provisioning. Optimized Usage Fees Experience flexible pricing tailored to your usage, ensuring cost-effective scaling without compromising performance. Perfect for GPU-heavy workloads of any type AI-enabled consumer GPUs offer better cost-performance than datacenter GPUs for many use cases. Text to Image Text-to-Speech Speech-To-text Computer Vision Language Models Text-to-Image Get superfast image generation with pre-built containers on RTX 5090. Save on costs while keeping top-tier output. Now 1.2s per image with Flux.1-Schnell — vs 2.86s on RTX 4090 Over 10k images for just $1 on RTX 5090 Optimized the model with TheStage AI’s ANNA (Autonomous Neural Networks Accelerator) for faster, cheaper results Learn More See Pricing Text-to-Speech You are overpaying for managed services and APIs. Serve TTS inference on SaladCloud's consumer GPUs and get 10X-2000X more inferences per dollar. Convert 4.7 million words/$ with OpenVoice Convert 39,000 words/$ with Bark TTS Convert 23,300 words/$ with MetaVoice Learn More See Pricing Speech-to-Text If you serve AI transcription, translation, captioning & insights at scale, you are overpaying by thousands of dollars today. Save up to 90% with the Salad Transcription API, the lowest priced API in the market today. Pricing from $0.10 per hour 91.13% accuracy powered by Whisper Large v3 LLM-based insights using Llama 3 8B Learn More See Pricing Computer Vision Simplify and automate the deployment of computer vision models like YOLOv8 on 10,000+ consumer GPUs on the edge. Save 50% or more on your cloud cost compared to managed services/APIs. Tag 309,000 images/$ with RAM++ Segment 50,000 images/$ with SAM 73% less cost than Azure for object detection Learn More See Pricing Language Models Running Large Language Models (LLM) on SaladCloud is a convenient, cost-effective solution to deploy various applications without managing infrastructure or sharing compute. $0.12 per Million tokens avg. for TGI $0.04/hr starting price to deploy own LLM $0.22/hr to run 7 Billion parameter models Try for Free Read the SaladCloud blog Benchmarks, tutorials, product updates and more. Read the blog GROMACS Molecular Simulation benchmark on 30 GPUs with a 90% cost savings How Undetectable.ai saves over $50,000 a month with SaladCloud’s consumer GPUs Blend switches from A100s to consumer GPUs on Salad, cutting AI inference cost by 85% for 3X more scale View all Distributed & Sustainable Break free from the big cloud monopoly We can’t print our way out of the chip shortage. Run your workloads on the edge with already available resources. Democratization of cloud computing is the key to a sustainable future, after all. Take advantage of geo-distributed nodes Save your deployments from outages & shortages with 1 million+ distributed nodes across 180+ countries. A sustainable way to compute for the future Deploying unused, latent GPUs lessens the environmental impact, safeguards against tech monopolies, and democratizes access & profits from computing. Affordable & Scalable Lower your total cost of ownership (TCO) on cloud The high total cost of ownership (TCO) on popular clouds is a well-known secret. With SaladCloud, you containerize your application, choose your resources, and we manage the rest, lowering your TCO and getting to market quickly. Unmatched inference. Unbeatable prices. Compared to other clouds, we offer 10X more inferences per dollar. If you find a lower price, we will beat the bill. Scale as you grow without breaking the bank Scale up (or down) easily with no pre-paid contracts, no commitments and transparent, usage-based pricing. Secure & Reliable Deploy securely to geo-distributed nodes with high availability Over 1 million individual nodes and 100s of customers trust SaladCloud with their resources and applications. Redundant security and compliance SaladCloud is SOC2 certified, and our patented approach isolates customer environments and data across our network. Reliable nodes available in plenty Don’t get tied into expensive contracts and prepayments just to get a shocking cloud bill as you scale. Access GPUs when you need them at the lowest cost, not when ‘they’ can provide them. FAQs Frequently Asked Questions What kind of GPUs does SaladCloud have? All GPUs on SaladCloud belong to the RTX/GTX class of GPUs from Nvidia. Our GPU selection policy is strict and we only onboard AI-enabled, high performance compute capable GPUs to the network. How does security work on SaladCloud? We have several layers of security to keep your containers safe, encrypting them in transit, and at rest. Containers run in an isolated environment on our nodes - keeping your data isolated and also ensuring you have the same compute environment regardless of the machine you’re running on. What are some unique traits of SaladCloud? Since SaladCloud is a compute-share network, our GPUs have longer cold start times than usual, and are subject to interruption. The highest vRAM on the network is 24 GB. Workloads requiring extremely low latency times are not a fit for our network. What is Salad Container Engine (SCE)? Workloads are deployed to SaladCloud via docker containers. SCE is a massively scalable orchestration engine, purpose-built to simplify this container development.Containerize your model and inference server, choose the hardware and we take care of the rest. How does SaladCloud work? GPUs on SaladCloud are similar to spot instances. Some providers share GPUs for 20-22 hours a day. Others share GPUs for 1-2 hours per day. Users running workloads select the GPU types and quantity. SaladCloud handles all the orchestration in the backend and ensures you will have uninterrupted GPU time as per requirements. Why do owners share GPUs with SaladCloud? Owners earn rewards (in the form of Salad balance) for sharing their compute. Many compute providers earn $30−$200 per month on SaladCloud as a reward that they exchange for games, gift cards and more. What if a host tries to access my container? Our constant host intrusion detection tests look for operations like folder access, opening a shell, etc. If a host machine tries to access the linux environment, we automatically implode the environment and blacklist the machine. We’re also bringing Falco into our runtime for a more robust set of checks. How do I know a GPU is performant? What if it goes offline? We use a proprietary trust rating system to index node performance, forecast availability, and select the optimal hardware configuration for deployment. We also run proprietary tests on every GPU to determine their fit for our network. Salad Container Engine automatically reallocates your workload to another GPU (same type and class) when a resource goes offline. Still have questions? Read our docs. Still have questions? Read the docs on desktop. SaladCloud Docs Review on Desktop Run popular models or bring your own Flux.1-Schnell dreamshaper8 SDXL YOLOv8 Llama 3.1 Mistral-7B A fully managed container service Over 1 million individual nodes and 100s of customers trust SaladCloud with their resources and applications. No VM Management You don’t have to manage any Virtual Machines (VMs). Less Data Costs No ingress/egress costs on SaladCloud. No surprises. Less DevOps Save time & resources with minimal DevOps work. Infinite Scalability Scale without worrying about access to GPUs. Products Salad Container Engine Salad Transcription API Salad Gateway Service Virtual Kubelet Use Cases Image Generation Molecular Dynamics Computer Vision Data Collection Voice AI About About Salad Charity Press SaladCloud Blog Resources Pricing Trust Center Security Documentation Status Report Abuse Kitchen Download Salad Community Blog Store @2025. All rights reserved. Proudly built by a distributed team. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility