SALESmanago's scalable Lifecycle Engagement Platform (LEP) Solutions Explore our Modular Customer Engagement Platform Platform Overview Who we are and what we stand for Audiences Manage contacts with our Customer Data Platform Website Experience Enhance your website's personalization Recommendations Boost sales with real - time AI recommendations Channels Create effective communication loops Conversational Marketing Convert engaged visitors into leads Omnichannel Contact Centre Retain customers and level up their LTV AI Sidekick Your future-driven AI Marketing Assistant Free eCommerce Checkup Profit from our free checkup Growth Framework Your roadmap to a long term success Integrations Fueling data from all your favorite tools Pricing About Us We Turn Customer Data into Growth Company Who we are and what we stand for Press Room Access our press releases and media kits Showcase See our platform in action for yourself Careers A vibrant community of people who enjoy being together. Learn more We're hiring Product Hub Partners Our ecosystem to help you grow Partner Hub Here to support with implementation Become A Partner Join our network now Trust Centre Access our resources to help you get the most out of SALESmanago Ebooks Download free eBooks and start growth hacking Case Studies Discover how others use SALESmanago to grow Webinars Learn from our free webinars on all things marketing Cybersecurity Your data security is our priority GDPR GDPR and database management updates Blog Your one-stop shop for all things digital marketing View all posts Latest post December 29, 2025 GOG: A Story of Mission-driven Success Support Sign In Get a Demo Turn Every Touchpoint into Revenue Engage, Convert and Retain your customers with Europe’s only AI-powered Lifecycle Engagement Platform built for eCommerce Get a Demo Take free eCommerce Checkup Now SALESmanago, Leadoo and Thulium are one family. Join 3,600+ successful clients who unlock profit across every channel and stage of the customer lifecycle through AI-driven personalisation and marketing automation. Digital Marketers at hundreds of brands have chosen SALESmanago as their partner for growth The Only Solution Aligned to Your Growth The SALESmanago Growth Framework allows you to easily build a roadmap for success. Where are you on your journey? Storefront Channels Personalisation Contacts & Data Emerging Shop Single Store - Single Language Email No Personalisation Limited Scaling Store Single Store - Multiple Languages Email & SMS Basic Accelerating Growth Major Market Multiple Stores - Multiple Languages or Geos Orchestrated & 2+ Advanced & Dynamic Increasing Customer Base with Rich Data eCommerce Innovator Multiple Stores - Multiple Languages or Geos Orchestrated & 3+ 1:1 at Scale Large Customer Base with Rich Real-time Data SALESmanago’s Growth Framework offers a clear path to achieving your eCommerce goals of acquisition, conversion, and engagement, while delivering personalised experiences to customers and ensuring sustainable growth. An AI-driven Platform Built for Your Unique Use Case The SALESmanago Lifecycle Engagement Platform deeply personalises omnichannel customer journeys for growth, loyalty and scale. Automation Fastest Time To Value We help you get set up and running quickly. Our goal is to minimise the time and effort needed for your team to achieve growth objectives. Flexible, proven workflows and intuitive tools let you drag and drop easily. Trusted Growth Advisor Turning Marketers into Growth Hackers Be the hero. The SALESmanago platform and team help you drive ambitious outcomes because it's built to support your essential eMarketing use cases. Intelligence AI-powered Innovation for Scale We aspire to future-proof your business with innovations, training and knowledge that help you easily stay one step ahead of the competition. Meet your AI Sidekick Explore our Core Solution with Customer Data Value, Marketing & Automation, Omnichannel & Personalisation modules Live Demo Success. Growth. Together! "SALESmanago allowed us to easily scale our eCommerce [...] Thanks to a very simple integration process, we were able to simplify our growth and make it faster and faster." Valeria Barahona Ecommerce Manager 5700% ROI from solutions offered by SALESmanago 31% of transactions supported by SALESmanago "Implementing process automation not only enhances lifecycle engagement but also enables the reactivation of dormant customers at the opportune moment. Real-time monitoring functionalities aid in creating more refined segments, thereby optimizing traffic monetization in the online store. Considering the above, SALESmanago contributes to increasing market flow through the online channel." Karol Bzymek Head of Digital & IT CEE 1200% growth in email campaign effectiveness thanks to dynamic messages (compared to mass communication) 200% higher birthday communication effectiveness compared to standard mass emails "SALESmanago have plugged the gaps in our online marketing. Allowed Tanners to improve customer insights and better understand how to move the business forwards. The core strength is managing data, and this is the foundation to everything else SALESmanago offers – allowing us to better segment, implement automation and better tailor and time our messaging." Robert McQuattie Ecommerce Manager 87% of the Contact database are actual buyers 50% of transactions made in a single quarter driven by SALESmanago "SALESmanago has enabled us to achieve a higher level of sales by implementing a number of automation and personalized marketing solutions in our online store – starting from newsletters and Workflows, to cart recovery and Recommendation Frames." Magda Kulesza Managing Director 3097% ROI from implementing SALESmanago 44% of last-click supported transactions generated by Automation Processes "Content personalization and advanced audience segmentation are something that our e-mail marketing has been missing so far. Today we know, that thanks to SALESmanago, we can conduct efficient and effective mailing and implement effective solutions that help us build strong relationships with customers by directing them to a tailored offer in a sensitive industry, which is online jewelry sales." Radosław Gołębski Member of the Board 23% increase in the Contact base year on year 622% higher CTR and 206% higher OR for dynamic emails with 1-to-1 recommendations compared to mass emails "Segmentation, personalization, automation of communication, and the CDP give us that edge we need to exceed the expectations of our website visitors and deliver exceptional business results. In comparison to other leading solutions on the market, SALESmanago seems to deliver the best value and Nahdi hopes to continue our fruitful communication." Pawel Dabrowski Omnichannel Director 183% higher OR for dynamic emails compared to mass emails 177% higher CTR for automated emails compared to mass emails Turn Your Customer Data into Growth Get a Demo Subscribe to our newsletter Follow us on: SALESmanago is a European SaaS company founded in 2012. We offer a powerful, feature‑rich Lifecycle Engagement Platform for digitally‑fueled ecommerce marketing teams, adopted by 2,000+ mid-size businesses across Europe, including iSpot, 4F, and Victoria's Secret. Sales: +48 12 881 13 78 Support: +48 533 600 808 Blog Loading... 9 Ways to Win Christmas Sales Without Becoming The eCommerce Grinch December 23, 2025 GOG: A Story of Mission-driven Success December 29, 2025 View all posts >> © All Rights Reserved. Information Obligation Terms & Conditions Manage Cookies Cookies Accessibility and the European Accessibility Act