This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
How it works
Solutions
IntegrationsCustomers
Resources
Login
Talk to us
Identify 70% of anonymous visitors and generate new revenues
Reach more of your website visitors with our identity resolution solution.
‍
Retain and Re-engage your customers with personalised messages using our AI-powered real time data platform.
‍
‍Complement your CRM platforms and enrich your customer's profiles.
Talk to us
Identify anonymous visitors for 30 days free
No credit card required
These leading brands have grown their revenue with SaleCycle
Identity  resolution:
The secret guide to  
recognise your visitors
Download the guide now
Our Solutions
Reach
Grow your revenue by identifying 70% of your anonymous visitors.
Use SaleCycle's proprietary identity resolution solution to identify visitors that would have previously been unknown. Ensuring an unprecedented level of Reach.

Detect intent signals and deliver hyper-personalised messages.

Our advanced technology is designed to collect zero-party, first-party data and the appropriate customer consent in full compliance with GDPR and CCPA.

Discover Identity Resolution
Retain
Deliver the best visitor experience and boost your website conversions
Keep you visitors engaged on your website for longer and convert your traffic into sales.

Progress bars, product recommendations, voucher codes: we know how to make your visitors stay and convert.
‍
Leverage up to 200 data points to offer a hyper personalised onsite experience.
Explore Customer Retention
Re-engage
Recover sales and drive loyalty
Now that you have identified anonymous visitors you can easily re-engage with them through high performing off-site channels such as; email, sms, rcs and push.
‍
Orchestrate and combine various messages across channels for maximum impact
‍
This is the most powerful activation solution which helps you to uncover the most revenue. More than 500 international top brands are already seeing the benefit of it.
Learn more about Re-engage
Secure Solution
All our technology is secure and adapted to protect your tech stack.
ISO27001:2022
100% GDPR Compliance
Connect SaleCycle with
your favourite tools
Explore our integrations
Case Studies
May 6, 2025
How did Breitling increase its online sales by identifying more visitors and collecting more data?
Read More
May 17, 2024
How Interflora increased orders through On-Site Remarketing
Read More
April 22, 2024
How Vodafone utilised SaleCycle’s conversion suite, resulting in 2,000 additional sales per month
Read More
Ready to grow your
revenue with us?
Get Started!
Featured Blogs
December 16, 2025
RCS Messaging for UK and EU Businesses: What It Is, How It Works, Benefits, Marketing Use Cases and Best Tools
Read More
December 16, 2025
WhatsApp Marketing Guide for UK and EU Businesses: Strategies, Software, Automation and Best Practices
Read More
December 16, 2025
SMS Marketing Guide for UK and EU Businesses: Explore the Best Platforms, Tools and Strategies
Read More
November 7, 2025
Email Marketing Explained: Best Platforms, Services, and Automation Tools for UK and European Businesses
Read More
November 7, 2025
Omnichannel Marketing Explained: Strategy, Benefits, Platforms and Examples
Read More
December 4, 2024
What Is Customer Identity Resolution? A Practical Guide for UK and EU Retailers
Read More
SaleCycle
About SaleCycle
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Service Privacy Notice
Work with us
Modules
Reach
Retain
Re-engage
Resources
eBooks
Case Studies
Blogs
© SaleCycle – All rights reserved 2025
EN
FR
IT
ES