Salesfire | Conversion Rate Optimisation Platform Skip to content How it works How it works Identify Grow your mailing lists and identify more anonymous site traffic with our AI-powered technology. Personalise Maximise engagement and drive conversions by leveraging shopper data to deliver highly relevant product suggestions and on-site experiences. Retarget Re-engage abandoning shoppers to recover lost sales by sending targeted emails and SMS based on their on-site behaviour. Resources Resources Success Stories Discover how we’ve helped our customers boost their conversion rates. eBooks Dive deeper into key eCommerce topics and strategies. Webinars Join us to develop your expertise in the latest CRO strategies and best practices. Resources Hidden Label Subscriber Growth Calculator Calculate your projected subscriber and revenue growth. Articles Read the latest eCommerce insights, Salesfire product updates and company news. Academy Grow your knowledge of Salesfire’s tools with our step-by-step training videos and certification. Company Company About Us Find out more about the people and story behind Salesfire. Careers We’re always looking for talented people. See the roles we have available. Partners Connecting the best eCommerce agencies, platforms and tech providers in the industry. Company Hidden Label Partner Directory Discover the tech providers, agencies, and consultants that partner with Salesfire. Trends Providing eCommerce insights to help you make informed decisions. Help Centre Find everything you’ll need to get the most out of the Salesfire suite. Pricing × How it works How it works Identify Grow your mailing lists and identify more anonymous site traffic with our AI-powered technology. Personalise Maximise engagement and drive conversions by leveraging shopper data to deliver highly relevant product suggestions and on-site experiences. Retarget Re-engage abandoning shoppers to recover lost sales by sending targeted emails and SMS based on their on-site behaviour. Resources Resources Success Stories Discover how we’ve helped our customers boost their conversion rates. eBooks Dive deeper into key eCommerce topics and strategies. Webinars Join us to develop your expertise in the latest CRO strategies and best practices. Resources Hidden Label Subscriber Growth Calculator Calculate your projected subscriber and revenue growth. Articles Read the latest eCommerce insights, Salesfire product updates and company news. Academy Grow your knowledge of Salesfire’s tools with our step-by-step training videos and certification. Company Company About Us Find out more about the people and story behind Salesfire. Careers We’re always looking for talented people. See the roles we have available. Partners Connecting the best eCommerce agencies, platforms and tech providers in the industry. Company Hidden Label Partner Directory Discover the tech providers, agencies, and consultants that partner with Salesfire. Trends Providing eCommerce insights to help you make informed decisions. Help Centre Find everything you’ll need to get the most out of the Salesfire suite. Pricing Login Request a demo Leverage AI to transform visitor data into sales From the first click, Salesfire collects behavioural data to create a profile for each user. This data feeds into our suite of solutions to lead customers through the buying journey and retain them in your ecosystem to increase sales. Get started How we’ll help you scale further & faster Identify more of your visitors By placing intelligent data capture points on your website we identify more anonymous visitors and triple your on-site email and mobile number collection. Understand your visitors like never before Are your retargeting emails using visitors' search queries and product interests? Our on-site search tracks key searches to understand exactly what shoppers want. Hyper-personalise your retargeting We deploy personalised emails and SMS marketing based on a shopper’s on-site behaviour and interests, to increase your revenue. Drive more sales for your eCommerce store By delivering highly personalised experiences to your shoppers, you’ll see more sales and increased email retargeting revenue. Identify. Personalise. Retarget. Identify. Personalise. Retarget. Automation so smooth, it feels like cheating Requiring very little resource from your team, automated AI-driven campaigns are just a click away. Cut your costs, boost your income By streamlining data capture and personalisation processes, Salesfire reduces the resources and tech stack needed to run your campaigns, allowing you to streamline your budgets. Keep up with the eCommerce giants Online shoppers have endless options and have come to expect highly personalised shopping experiences. Experiences that eCommerce giants have always had a monopoly on. Until now. Complete data compliance Securely and compliantly capture, store, and use customer data without compromising personalisation. Get started Salesfire is the eCommerce Technology Vendor of the Year chosen by over 5,000 brands worldwide Explore success stories Discover how we help retailers increase online sales Salesfire & LD Mountain Centre A strategic approach increased subscribers by 5.6x and influenced a 6% increase in conversion rate. Read story Salesfire & Charles Clinkard Effectively captured valuable first-party data and increased email sign-ups by 51%. Read story Salesfire & Moss Maximising on-site engagement and influencing 27% of revenue through Search. Read story Salesfire & SportsShoes Driving revenue and influencing a 7% uplift in average order value. Read story Overlay influenced orders increased by 16% year-on-year. Read story Salesfire & Stuarts London Visually Similar Search influenced an overall conversion uplift of 8.19% Read story Salesfire & Godiva Data capture technology increased email subscribers by 241% with 63% of users opting into SMS targeting. Read story Salesfire & Happy Beds Reducing basket abandonment and increasing average order value by 7.9% Read story Seamlessly integrates with Get started Book a demo of Salesfire now One of our eCommerce experts will guide you through the Salesfire suite and explore strategies you can implement on your site today. Salesfire knows the importance of converting your hard-earned website traffic into customers. Improve conversion rates and increase sales today with tools from Salesfire. Get started By submitting the form you agree to be contacted to arrange a demo and receive marketing communications from Salesfire. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Privacy Policy for full details. Join our newsletter Receive the latest eCommerce insights and Salesfire updates 16 - 26 Albert Rd, Middlesbrough TS1 1QA 020 4505 9040 [email protected] How it works Identify Personalise Retarget Pricing Solutions Salesfire AI AI Connect On-Site Messaging Email Sequences SMS Recommendations Search Resources Success Stories Subscriber Calculator Q4 Resource Library Articles Webinars eBooks Trends Academy Podcasts Videos Trends Newspaper Company About Us Contact Us Careers Product Roadmap Features Help Centre Partners Partner Directory Legal Documents © Salesfire 2025. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use