Welcome to the University of Salford | University of Salford, Manchester Skip to main content Current students International Library About us Campus Corporate information Heritage News Our staff Our schools Press Staff hub Student hub Sustainability Contact us Search Close search Search Menu Become a student Undergraduate Find out about Undergraduate study Postgraduate Postgraduate study and research at the University of Salford Doctoral school Explore our Doctoral School Apprenticeships Discover how to apply for an apprenticeship International Become an International student at the University of Salford International opportunities Study and work abroad opportunities Student supporters Information for Parents, Carers, Guardians and Supporters Alumni Alumni As a Salford graduate, your relationship with the University continues long after you graduate From Salford Online mentoring and networking - make the most of being part of the Salford alumni community Giving to Salford Help us to provide opportunities and change lives Donate now Donate to get involved and make a difference Research Research Innovation at the heart of the community Expertise Creating a fairer and more prosperous world Our people Unstoppable researchers applying real-world experience Research culture Flourishing in an engaging, equitable and collegial environment Postgraduate research Become an expert in the field you're passionate about Collaborative R&D Working with businesses for over 50 years Business Partnering with business Driving innovation and growth for over 50 years Grow your business Supporting you to develop resilience and evolve Collaborative R&D Use our expertise to find solutions and make ideas happen Our facilities and services State-of-the-art facilities for research Develop your people Bespoke training programmes and degree apprenticeships Access our graduates Attract some of the region's best students and graduates Work with us Conferencing Facilities Schools and colleges Training courses Partnerships Jobs Current students International Library About us Campus Corporate information Heritage News Our staff Our schools Press Staff hub Student hub Sustainability Contact us More than just a certificate Arrive a student, leave an expert and become unstoppable when you study with us. Browse our courses Order a prospectus Become a student Visit us Come along to one of our Open Days and explore our campus in person for a taste of student life at Salford. Open Days Explore online Learn more about us and all we have to offer by taking a virtual tour of our campus. Virtual tour Find your future Search our courses Looking for more? From student life to facilities and research, explore our institution. Student living Learn about our campus and facilities, from our sports centre to clubs and societies. Life on campus Manchester and Salford Did you know we're only a 20 minute walk from Manchester city centre? In the city Student accommodation Where will you live when you study with us? Learn more about our great accommodation options. Our accommodation Student Handbook Helpful resources you might need during your time studying us. Current students Health and fitness Keep fit while you study by joining our sports centre, based in the heart of campus. Sport at Salford Facilities Our hands-on curriculum is supported by our industry-standard facilities and equipment. Our facilities The latest at Salford News Find out the latest at the university Latest news Blog Tips on navigating university life, making friends, settling in and more! Our blog Our research shapes the world At the University of Salford, we find solutions to the problems facing the world around us. Our research We improve healthcare, help people with their energy bills and make the world sound better. Transforming lives and realising potential Collaborative partnerships We empower small enterprises, large businesses and charities to innovate and deliver growth. Driving positive change together It starts in Salford Take a walk in Celeste's shoes to see how our research impacts your daily life. Where ideas are formed that shape the world Popular links Find a course Open Days Virtual tour Accommodation Student support services Get in touch Contact us Course enquiries Travel to the university Quick links Accessibility Data protection and privacy Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Legal and regulatory information Modern slavery statement Student complaints Term dates Web Accessibility statement Questions How do I apply for an undergraduate course? How do I apply for a postgraduate course? How much does a course cost? How do I change my course? Facebook Instagram LinkedIn TikTok X Youtube Copyright ©
                  2025
                  University of Salford Manage privacy settings