Salk Institute for Biological Studies Salk Streaming | Events | Search | Search Terms About Us Overview Leadership Careers Our Community History of Salk Visiting Salk/Architecture Education Outreach Institute FAQs Contact People Overview Executive Leadership Faculty Board of Trustees Administration Research Overview Scientist Directory Research Areas Science Initiatives Research Centers Core Facilities Technology Development News Overview Salk News Salk Publications Photography Policy Salk Press Office Support Us Donate Now Overview Science Can’t Wait Discovery Society Corporate Discovery Partners Alzheimer’s Disease Research Why support Salk Ways to Give Contact Us Salk Streaming Events Search Search Terms The Power of Science We explore the very foundations of life for the benefit of all. Founded by Jonas Salk, polio vaccine developer, the Salk Institute is an independent, nonprofit organization that consistently ranks as a top 5 elite research institute and is home to some of the most highly cited scientists in the world. Science can't wait. Life-changing discoveries depend on both public and private funding. Research Areas Healthy Aging Biochemistry/ Biophysics Cancer Computational Biology Immunobiology Metabolism Neuroscience Plant Science Meet Our Faculty and Scientists The Salk Institute is home to a highly collaborative cadre of scientists who delve into a broad range of research areas, from aging, cancer and immunology to diabetes, brain science and plant biology. They are supported by on-campus research centers and core facilities equipped with cutting-edge technology. Learn More Discovery Society—Salk’s premier community of visionary supporters fueling scientific breakthroughs. Become a member today. Support life-changing discoveries and enjoy special benefits as our way of saying thanks. Learn More Discovery Society—Salk’s premier community of visionary supporters fueling scientific breakthroughs. Become a member today. Support life-changing discoveries and enjoy special benefits as our way of saying thanks. Learn More 2025: The Salk Institute's Year of Alzheimer's Disease Research Salk scientists are redefining Alzheimer’s research by exploring a largely overlooked driver of the disease—chronic inflammation—rather than focusing solely on traditional hallmarks like amyloid plaques. By investigating this underlying factor across all brain cell types, not just neurons, we are uncovering new avenues for early detection and treatment. Learn More Read the Latest Issue of Inside Salk Salk news highlight our leading-edge research and the people who make it possible. Publications include our award-winning print magazine Inside Salk , a monthly email newsletter, and our podcast, Beyond Lab Walls . LEARN MORE Read the Latest Issue of Inside Salk Salk news highlight our leading-edge research and the people who make it possible. Publications include our award-winning print magazine Inside Salk , a monthly email newsletter, and our podcast, Beyond Lab Walls . Learn More Latest News VIEW ALL December 17, 2025 How do brains stay stable, and when might a dose of flexibility be helpful? READ MORE December 15, 2025 Salk Institute welcomes venture capitalist and inventor Andrew Senyei to Board of Trustees READ MORE November 21, 2025 Epigenetic changes regulate gene expression, but what regulates epigenetics? READ MORE Salk by the Numbers 6 Nobel Laureates in physiology or medicine 13 consecutive times Charity Navigator 4 star rating 1,734 students reached by Salk's Education Outreach Program 40 countries represented by Salk faculty, staff, and trainees 8 highly cited scientists *as of November 2025 12 members of the National Academy of Sciences 2,321 patents (U.S. and foreign) issued to Salk through 12/11/25 CONNECT WITH US Keep in touch. INSIDE SALK Explore our magazine. DONATE Your gift matters. NEWSLETTER Latest discoveries, events & more. LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name First Last Email (Required) Visiting Salk Careers Contact/Directions Privacy Policy FCOI Policy Conduct Policy Emergency Information For Salk Suppliers Helix Mail OWA Mail Intranet Salk 10010 N Torrey Pines Rd La Jolla, CA 92037 Email: communications@salk.edu Phone: (858) 453-4100 Copyright 2025 Salk Institute for Biological Studies Our website uses cookies to enhance your experience on the site. By clicking "continue" or by continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as detailed in our Privacy Policy . Continue