Sallie Mae | Education Loans, College Planning & Online Banking Skip to main content Student Loans Main Menu Student Loans Private Student Loans Find a private student loan designed to fit your needs. Undergrad Student Loan For college students earning a bachelor's or associate's degree. Graduate Student Loans Choose the right loan for your graduate degree or post-graduate studies. Career Training Loan For students taking professional training or certificate courses. Information you may need Understanding the Application Process What Happens After Loan Approval Learn About Credit Savings Main Menu All Savings Products SmartyPig ® Use this free, online piggy bank to save for long- and short-term goals. Money Market Account Grow your money faster with a higher interest rate and no monthly fees. Certificates of Deposit Earn a guaranteed rate of interest over a fixed period of time. High-Yield Savings Account Earn interest at a higher rate than a traditional savings account, with no monthly fees. Information you may need Compare Product Rates Resources and Tools Main Menu Resources and Tools Get Ready to Borrow Learn more about private student loans so you can borrow with confidence. Manage Your Student Loan Understand your student loan payments, explore benefits, and find relevant forms. Plan for School Find colleges, scholarships, and financial aid to help you plan and pay for school with Sallie. Federal PLUS Loan Guide Understand the Federal PLUS Loan changes and how Sallie Mae can help. Main Menu Main Menu Main Menu Information you may need Student Loan Calculator Accrued Interest Calculator Types of Student Loans Federal vs Private Student Loans Apply for a loan Log in Apply for a loan Home You could get a better rate with a Sallie Mae undergraduate student loan than a federal PLUS loan. footnote 1 Apply today—it's fast and easy. Fixed rates: 2.89% - 17.49% APR footnote 2 Variable rates: 3.87% - 16.50% APR footnote 2 Lowest rates shown include the auto debit discount. I’m ready to apply See all student loans Support for all your moments Explore all student loans From graduate to career training—find the right loan, right here. See more student loans Save for what’s next Watch your money grow with a savings account. Explore savings options Resources for every step Federal PLUS loan guide Get to know the changes and make a game plan for your next steps. Explore the PLUS guide Student loan calculator See how much your monthly student loan payment might be so you know what to expect. Crunch your numbers Student loan application prep Find out the info you’ll need and what happens after you submit your loan application. Get to know your loan app All in on your success Get ready to borrow Figure out how private student loans can cover your college costs. Create your plan Start repayment off strong Find info and tips so you know your loan details inside and out. Learn more Find free money Enter to win a no essay $2,000 scholarship in 2 minutes or less. footnote 3 Enter scholarship footnote Borrow responsibly We encourage students and families to start with savings, grants, scholarships, and federal student loans to pay for college. Evaluate all anticipated monthly loan payments, and how much the student expects to earn in the future, before considering a private student loan. footnote Loans for Undergraduate & Career Training Students are not intended for graduate students and are subject to credit approval, identity verification, signed loan documents, and school certification. Student must attend a participating school. Student or cosigner must meet the age of majority in their state of residence. Students who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents must reside in the U.S., attend school in the U.S., and apply with a creditworthy cosigner (who must be a U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident). Requested loan amount must be at least $1,000. footnote 1. Sallie Mae loans may be offered at a lower rate than PLUS depending on the creditworthiness of the applicant(s). Explore federal loans and compare to make sure you understand the terms and features. Private student loans that have variable rates can go up over the life of the loan. Federal student loans are required by law to provide a range of flexible repayment options, including, but not limited to, income-based repayment and income-contingent repayment plans, and loan forgiveness and deferment benefits, which other student loans are not required to provide. Federal loans generally have origination fees, but are available to students regardless of income. footnote 2. Advertised APRs for undergraduate students assume a $10,000 loan with a 4-year in-school period, a 6-month grace, and the longest loan term offered. Interest rates for variable rate loans may increase or decrease over the life of the loan based on changes to the 30-day Average Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) rounded up to the nearest one-eighth of one percent.  Advertised variable rates are the starting range of rates and may vary outside of that range over the life of the loan. Interest is charged starting when funds are sent to the school. With the Fixed and Deferred Repayment Options, the interest rate is higher than with the Interest Repayment Option and Unpaid Interest is added to the loan’s Current Principal at the end of the grace/separation period. To receive a 0.25 percentage point interest rate discount, the borrower or cosigner must enroll in auto debit through Sallie Mae. The discount applies only during active repayment for as long as the Current Amount Due or Designated Amount is successfully withdrawn from the authorized bank account each month. It may be suspended during forbearance or deferment. footnote 3. No purchase necessary. Void where prohibited. Odds of winning depend on number of entries received. Ends 12/31/2025. See Official Rules . footnote Sallie Mae loans are made by Sallie Mae Bank. footnote Deposit products are offered through Sallie Mae Bank, Member FDIC. footnote Information advertised valid as of 12/26/2025. footnote SALLIE MAE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. CHECK SALLIEMAE.COM FOR THE MOST UP-TO-DATE PRODUCT INFORMATION. Home About Us Careers For Investors For Media Sallie $2,000 No Essay Scholarship by Sallie Scholly Scholarships by Sallie Bridging the Dream Scholarship Leading Research Blog Cosigner Responsibilities Become a School Partner Partner Resources Military Resources Beware of Debt Relief Offers Contact Us FAQ Benefits Transparency Sitemap Terms of Use Protect Your Privacy Avoid Online Fraud Accessibility Statement Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information We share links to outside websites to help you find useful and relevant information. Once you leave salliemae.com, any information you provide will be covered under the third-parties’ terms of use and privacy policy. © 2025 Sallie Mae Bank. All rights reserved. Sallie Mae, the Sallie Mae logo, and other Sallie Mae names and logos are service marks or registered service marks of Sallie Mae Bank. All other names and logos used are the trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Sallie Mae Bank, are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.