SalonUltimate: The all-in-one beauty software About Features Pricing Schedule a Demo Features Set Up Online Booking Branded Apps Franchises Central Management Operate Appointments Notifications Self Check-In Guided & Self Check-Out Employee Scheduling Wait Times Grow Email & SMS Marketing Memberships Promotions Reports Pricing About Schedule a Demo Set Up Online Booking Create a branded booking portal Branded Apps Develop a custom app for your business Franchises Create and lock in brand standards Central Management Manage all your locations from anywhere Operate Appointments View and manage appointments Notifications Automate appointment confirmations Self Check-In Let customers check themselves in Guided & Self Check-Out Increase tip sizes and rebookings Employee Scheduling Create staff schedules from anywhere Wait Times Display live wait times for walk-ins Grow Email & SMS Marketing Create and track custom campaigns Memberships Give loyal customers exclusive perks Promotions Create and automatically apply promotions Reports Grow using over 100 types of reports The all-in-one beauty software Maximize revenue, save time, and make customers happy with salon software that adapts to your business. Get my personalized demo Get my personalized demo Helping our customers process over 60 million bookings and check-ins annually “ The team at SalonUltimate has worked very hard to help us with our specific business needs. Over the past several years, they have earned our loyalty and we look forward to their future innovations . Jesse A. Kloberdanz President, PerfectLook “ Having SalonUltimate software for our salon business, I can confidently say it has been an exceptional addition to our operations. This software has revolutionized the way we manage our appointments , streamline our workflow, and enhance our overall customer experience. Scott Sharkey CEO & Co-Founder, Sharkey's Cuts for Kids “ We have been working with SalonUltimate since 2016 and constantly receive improved technology updates, that increase our efficiency and processes . The most significant benefit is the friendliness, thoroughness, and response time. We are thrilled with the overall product and always impressed with its team! Gary Reed President, Hairzoo Maximize your revenue, efficiency, and client satisfaction Create and automate email and SMS campaigns Do both, equally well. Invite customers back through your doors again and again with email and SMS campaigns that are truly “set it and forget it.” Sell more services with automatic upselling Give employees and customers the option to bundle recommended services during  bookings and check-ins. Maximize your client visits with both walk-ins and appointments With real-time provider assignment, you can invite new guests into a timeslot without delaying loyal guests from booking the same timeslot. Built for salons of any size Never switch again. We designed our software to grow with you, whether you’re operating one location or thousands. 2 locations Family owned-and-operated since 2001 29 locations Regional chain in Texas and Nevada 100 locations Fast-growing franchise in the US “ The monthly fee I pay for SalonUltimate pays for itself and buys me software that's future proof. Riley O. Salon Owner “ As someone who’s always on the go, I love being able to remotely check activity, confirm appointment requests, and even train staff remotely. Rick L. Barbershop Owner “ SalonUltimate allows us to manage hundreds of locations from anywhere with ease, and their customer support is exceptional. Dana P. Salon Franchisor Ready to see for yourself? Book a personalized demo The right pricing for your business Choose from 3 pricing plans that include everything you need to run your salon better. BookedBy on Clover Everything you need from a software and hardware perspective, shipped directly to your business $49 per location per month SalonUltimate Single Store Unlock the full potential of your business with advanced features for streamlined growth $159 per location per month SalonUltimate Multi-Store The premium setup for multi-location businesses poised for growth and expansion $199 per location per month Included in all plans Online Booking • Online Check-in & Check-out • Employee Scheduling • Customer Management • Service and Pricing Management • Inventory Maintenance • Standard Reporting • Email & SMS Marketing • Unlimited Support and Training Compare plans Your partners in growth Our mission is simple: to maximize your revenue, efficiency, and the happiness of your customers. Founded by industry experts Our leadership team has a combined 100+ years of experience running salons, operating the largest franchises in the country, and building salon software. Built alongside salon owners Developed in salons with constant feedback from salon owners, SalonUltimate is the most focused yet comprehensive product out there. We treat your business like our own We're dedicated to making sure SalonUltimate works for you, with industry-leading customer support and unlimited training. Learn more about us Book a personalized demo Tell us about your business and get an expert consultation. We partner with you to make the most out of our software from beginning to end. First Name Last Name Business name Business email Business phone # of locations Anything else we should know? optional Thank you! We've received your submission. We'll be in touch soon. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. If the issue persists, please email sales@salonultimate.com . SalonUltimate The all-in-one salon software About Pricing Careers Contact Set Up Online Booking Branded Apps Central Management Franchises Operate Appointments Notifications Self Check-In Guided & Self Check-Out Employee Scheduling Wait Times Grow Email & SMS Marketing Memberships Promotions Reporting Support support@salonultimate.com Sales sales@salonultimate.com Toll-Free +1 (855) 466-9332 Sales sales@salonultimate.com Social © 2024 SalonUltimate. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy