Home | PNI Atlantic News Skip to Content Sections Search Search saltwire.com Perform search PNI Atlantic News Subscribe $1 for 6 months User My Account Subscribe $1 for 6 months Search saltwire.com Perform search Home Filter by region Nova Scotia Halifax Local Sports Local Business Local Opinion Annapolis Valley Truro Tri-County New Glasgow South Shore Cape Breton Prince Edward Island Summerside Newfoundland & Labrador News Canada Health World Opinion Editorial Cartoons Business Local Business Reuters Sports Local Sports Baseball Basketball Football Hockey Entertainment & Life Food Homes Savings Lives Told Tails Told Shopping Essentials Deals Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Home Living Kitchen & Dining Outdoor Living Personal Care Style & Beauty Tech Travel Guide ePaper Puzzmo Newsletters Travel Business Ads Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Advertising Advertising With Us Advertising Solutions Postmedia Ad Manager Sponsorship Requests Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Opinion Business Sports Entertainment & Life Shopping Essentials ePaper Puzzmo Newsletters Travel Business Ads Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Home | PNI Atlantic News Advertisement 1 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. PREV Nova Scotia Cape Breton Prince Edward Island Newfoundland & Labrador NEXT Newfoundland & Labrador KEVIN TOBIN: Happy MOU Year Happy MOU Year 1 hour ago Salt and batteries: Great Atlantic Salt Project intends to operate mostly on electricity 1 hour ago Newfoundland & Labrador A year of change: Wakeham reflects on 2025 and the road ahead for NL 2 hours ago Newfoundland & Labrador Parfrey reviews NLHS’s 2025 achievements, says health access in NL still needs work 2 hours ago Newfoundland & Labrador A look back at NL in 2025: Keith Gosse's best photos of the year 2 hours ago Newfoundland & Labrador Advertisement 2 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. News Military spending in Halifax in 2026 and beyond could be ‘very big numbers’: Mayor Andy Fillmore sits down to talk about 2025 regrets, affordability and housing in 2026 3 hours ago Halifax Advertisement 1 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. New Year's Day 2026: What's open, what's closed in the Halifax area It’s officially less than 24 hours until the new year. 3 hours ago Halifax RNC respond to cases of impaired driving, a break-in and an assault A 34-year-old man was charged with impaired driving Tuesday afternoon, Dec. 30, 2025 after the RNC responded to a report of a possible impaired driver on Thorburn Road in St. John’s. 3 hours ago Newfoundland & Labrador Suspended driver caught trying to avoid combined RNC/MADD checkpoint in Outer Cove Tuesday Dozens of drivers checked 15 hours ago Newfoundland & Labrador Middle Sackville man elects to be tried by Supreme Court judge on luring, invitation charges A Middle Sackville man accused of luring a girl under the age of 16 over the internet has elected to be tried in Nova Scotia Supreme Court by a judge alone. 17 hours ago Halifax More news stories > Trending Wayward wings: Central NL highway travellers report seeing flocks of seabirds far inland Newfoundland & Labrador P.E.I. delivers at least three babies on Christmas Day Prince Edward Island Cape Breton businessman, community leader receives Order of Nova Scotia Cape Breton Suspended driver caught trying to avoid combined RNC/MADD checkpoint in Outer Cove Tuesday Newfoundland & Labrador IN PHOTO: New Year's celebrations in Sydney taking shape Cape Breton The Wrap, Your Week in Business Trends and insights from our Business Editor delivered every Friday. There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By signing up, you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of The Wrap, Your Week in Business will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again Interested in more newsletters? Browse here. weather (Halifax) view complete forecast Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll Right Advertisement 3 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Opinion Opinion: Halifax citizens provide plenty of free advice Re: Can traffic on the Halifax peninsula be fixed? (Dec. 11) 4 hours ago Halifax Opinion Advertisement 2 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. COMMENTARY: A New Year's resolution for P.E.I.: Invest in youth I love this strange, quiet week between the holidays. It’s a pause that invites reflection (sometimes uncomfortably so) because it means looking backward and forward at the same time. It includes taking stock of the year that was while feeling the weight of the one to come. I’ve learned to welcome that pause, even when it makes me uneasy, because it reminds me to focus on what really matters. 4 hours ago Prince Edward Island COMMENTARY: A New Year’s resolution for the Atlantic provinces — cut business taxes New Year’s resolutions often focus on longstanding challenges in our lives. Whether it’s kicking an unhealthy habit or finally tackling a problem we’ve ignored, resolutions often reflect a desire to make overdue changes. With this in mind, we propose a New Year’s resolution for the provincial governments in all four Atlantic provinces — lower your business tax rates to match the lowest in Canada and help kickstart your economies. 21 hours ago Opinion BLOIS: 2026 to be a transformational year for Canada As the door closes on 2025, and we welcome 2026, it is clear this is a crucial and transformational year for Canada. 1 day ago Annapolis Valley Scott Taylor: In Canada’s defence, re-establish true militia The senior leadership of the Canadian Armed Forces and the Department of National Defence are scrambling to formulate a plan that would lead to the creation of a supplementary reserve. 1 day ago Halifax Opinion More opinion stories > Advertisement 4 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Business John Risley’s $75-billion bet on Atlantic Canada’s energy future Outlook 2026: This billionaire entrepreneur hopes green energy can be a turning point for the Atlantic provinces 3 hours ago Halifax Business Advertisement 3 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Achievement unlocked: Halifax Ubisoft workers vote to form first union of its kind in North America Certification follows an application filed in June 21 hours ago Halifax Business What’s open and closed on New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day in Cape Breton If you’re planning on ringing in the new year this week, here’s a listing of what’s open and closed in Cape Breton on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day to get all that adulting out of the way. 1 day ago Cape Breton 'It's basically a sin to buy a house in Canada — we have to fix it': CIBC's Benjamin Tal The only thing we tax more than housing in Canada is tobacco and alcohol 1 day ago Local Business The Wrap 2025 edition: Power bill hacks, tariff attacks and lobster crime and punishment Who’s got your data now, Whoville? Never thought I’d feel sorry for Nova Scotia Power, but the massive privacy breach this spring has swung from tragic to comic and back. By year end, the utility was facing a class action suit over the hack . Also stepped-up scrutiny from government and regulators. And they still can’t send out accurate power bills . 1 day ago Halifax Business More business stories > Advertisement 5 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Sports Nancy Ripley excelling in multi-sport competitions Nancy Ripley began an impressive sporting career at an age when most athletes have settled into retirement, or are considering a step back. 4 hours ago Prince Edward Island Advertisement 4 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Mooseheads bid farewell to a veteran, sign a new defenceman and deal with an injury to No. 1 goalie The roster shuffling continued for the Halifax Mooseheads on Tuesday. 15 hours ago Halifax Sports A little NL hockey notebook: Regiment rolling, Mercer undefeated in AHL From World Juniors storylines to a former Growler recording an NHL hat trick, this Christmas has been an exciting one for NL hockey fans 18 hours ago Newfoundland & Labrador Nova Scotia's Jacob Shaffelburg traded to Los Angeles FC in MLS Nova Scotia’s Jacob Shaffelburg is relocating to California. 19 hours ago Halifax Sports IN PHOTOS: P.E.I. U16 AAA teams clash The Eastern Dukes and Western Rebels met in an all-P.E.I. clash in the Nova Scotia U16 AAA Hockey League game at the Cavendish Farms Community Events Centre in Tyne Valley, P.E.I., on Dec. 27. 22 hours ago Summerside More sports stories > Advertisement 6 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Entertainment & Life ATLANTIC SKIES: Jupiter at its best Jupiter is truly a huge planet having a mass nearly 2.5 times the combined mass of all the other planets in our solar system. 20 hours ago Atlantic Canada Advertisement 5 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Lady Gaga producer Cirkut’s career shaped by formative years in Halifax ‘An important part of my identity,’ says St. Pat’s grad Henry Walter who’s nominated for seven Grammy awards this year 2 days ago Halifax Cape Breton-raised Mya Foxx eliminated from Canada's Drag Race Mya Foxx has been eliminated from this year’s Canada’s Drag Race. 4 days ago Cape Breton YEAR IN REVIEW: Cape Breton Post's top photos of 2025 Images of 2025 5 days ago Cape Breton Sizing up Santa in Cape Breton One-year-old Christopher Foston stares at Santa, unsure of the jolly old fellow with a long white beard, during a breakfast with Santa fundraising event at Dance Sync studio in Coxheath on Dec. 20. It was Santa ‘s last public appearance before he had to return to the North Pole to get ready for Christmas Eve and his delivery of toys for all the good boys and girls. December 24, 2025 Cape Breton More entertainment & life stories > Advertisement 7 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Travel Wondering what to do in Corner Brook and area? New Guides on the Go initiative will help build itinerary Humber Bay of Islands Tourism group unites communities in marketing what they have to offer visitors with new initiative that offers custom recommendations from locals for visitors December 1, 2025 Newfoundland & Labrador Advertisement 6 Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. I spent a week healing at a celebrity hideaway in the Himalayas — here’s what I discovered Travellers learn more than the art of stillness at this luxury wellness retreat in India November 13, 2025 Entertainment & Life Residents warn of dangerous highway intersection in Alma Pictou County Council sends letter to province for help September 12, 2025 New Glasgow More than fuel: How a NS woman discovered the unifying power of food While travelling the world with the military, a NS woman expanded her palate while evoking memories of her past September 11, 2025 Newfoundland & Labrador Busy summer for Atlantic Canadian seasonal attractions Canadian tourists were up significantly this season, although American visitors were down, for three Atlantic Canadian attractions August 19, 2025 Newfoundland & Labrador More travel stories > Advertisement 8 Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Featured Local Savings Subscribe $1 for 6 months Categories News Opinion Business Sports Entertainment & Life Lives Told Tails Told Subscribe Secondary Links Advertise With Us Advertising Solutions Postmedia Ad Manager Savings Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 © 2025 PNI Atlantic News, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Notice for the Postmedia Network This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here . By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . OK