Salvation Army International Headquarters | Salvation Army International Headquarters Skip to main content Promoted links News All the World magazine Words of Life devotional Global Prayer Focus Morning Devotions Podcast Expand promoted links Collapse promoted links If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to you.’ James 1:5 NIV Search Search Search Suggested searches Disaster response The General 160 years Main navigation Menu Home About us Mission, vision and values Global presence Leadership International councils History Glossary of terms Our faith What we believe Spiritual life Moral and social issues Children and young people Ecumenism Our work Disaster response Economic empowerment Women's Ministries Education and families Health and well-being Climate change resilience Refugees and asylum seekers Modern slavery and human trafficking International Social Justice Commission Get involved Worship with us Work with us Donate Gap years and mission programmes News Latest news Events Resources Resource hub Books Compass Equip Prayer Focus Worship and discipleship Contact us Help and general enquiries Media enquiries Café 101 Gallery 101 International College for Officers International Headquarters of The General’s Christmas Message 2025 Celebrating 30 years of ministry in the Land of a Thousand Hills Providing an urgent response for the victims of the Hong Kong fire Come and See: Christmas Message from Commissioner Bronwyn Buckingham The Salvation Army celebrates 130 years in Japan World Human Rights Day 2025 We are a church embracing the world with the love of Jesus. Transforming communities in 134 countries. Sharing the life-giving Spirit of God across all generations. Our mission A Global Movement From humble beginnings in Victorian London to a movement of faith and service operating in 134 countries, find some of our stories here. Find The Salvation Army in your country Where in the world are you? Find your local... Use my location Children and young people We imagine a world in which children and young people fully experience life, feeling loved and valued by their families and communities, and are empowered to make meaningful contributions. Read more Our work around the world Health and well-being Read more Education and families Read more Disaster response Read more Women's Ministries Read more Browse our resources Find books, podcasts, Bible studies, reports and training courses from the international Salvation Army. Resource Hub Prayer focus Copyright © 2025 The General of The Salvation Army The Salvation Army International Trust and The Salvation Army Retired Officers Allowance Scheme are charities registered in England and Wales with respective numbers 1000566 and 1153681. Their sole trustee is The Salvation Army International Trustee Company, a company limited by guarantee and registered in England and Wales (no. 02538134) at 101 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4EH Footer Privacy notice Cookie policy Modern slavery Terms of use Whistleblowing