Skip to main content
Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know
Contract Award Data Processing DelayShow Details
Dec 29, 2025
Revolutionary FAR Overhaul Impacts to SAM.govShow Details
Aug 15, 2025
See All Alerts
Home
Search
Data Bank
Data Services
Help
Sign In
SAM.gov | Home
Official U.S. Government Website
100% Free
The Official U.S. Government System for:
Contracting
Contract data including Opportunities, Awards and Subcontractor reports
Wage Determinations
Federal Hierarchy
Departments and Subtiers
Federal Assistance
Assistance Listings and Subaward Reports (was FSRS.gov)
Entity Information
Entities, Disaster Response Registry, Exclusions, and Responsibility / Qualification (was FAPIIS.gov)
Entity Reporting
SCR and Bio-Preferred Reporting
Are you searching for Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) orders?
View FASCSA Orders
Already know what you want to find?
Already know what you want to find?
Dropdown 1
Select Domain...
Contracting
Federal Assistance
Entity Information
Federal Hierarchy
Wage Determinations
Text Field
Register Your Entity or Get a Unique Entity ID

Register your entity or get a Unique Entity ID to get started doing business with the federal government.

Get Started

Renew Entity

Check Entity Status

Announcements
Nov 25
New timeline for decommissioning of eSRS.gov
The decommissioning of eSRS.gov has been postponed to early 2026. This change was implemented to provide federal agencies and entities with adequate time to finalize their reporting tasks following the recent government shutdown. The exact date will be announced in the upcoming weeks. At that time, users...
Oct 24
Federal Assistance Listing’s Changes Beginning October 2025
Starting in October 2025, the assistance listings within SAM.gov will be updated pursuant to the Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Transparency Act of 2019 (GREAT Act) and OMB Memorandum M-24-11. Users will first notice a change of the ‘Federal Assistance Number’ label to ‘Federal Assistance ID’ ...
Oct 3
Service Contract Reporting for FY25 Starts Oct 3
The service contract reporting (SCR) period for fiscal year 2025 starts on Oct 3, 2025 and closes on Jan 31, 2026. The SCR feature in SAM.gov allows contractors to submit annual reports on service contract activity, as required under FAR 52.204-14 and FAR 52.204-15.
Sep 8
Improvements to the SAM.gov Entity Registration Process
Users may notice gradual enhancements to the entity registration process in SAM.gov designed to make it more modern and user-friendly. The latest of these updates releases on September 12th 2025, and includes a refresh of the pages where we collect legal proceedings and points of contact information.We a...
Aug 15
Revolutionary FAR Overhaul Impacts to SAM.gov
The Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) is streamlining the FAR to its statutory roots and to policies necessary to support sound procurement. The effort will result in changes to provisions, clauses, and representations and certifications across FAR parts.&nbsp; These changes will impact SAM.gov, the offic...
How to get a Unique Entity ID
Restart
 
rewind 20 seconds
 
Play
 
forward 20 seconds
Mute
Volume:
Closed captions
Toggle full screen
time
0:00
Video: How to get a Unique Entity ID

Frequently Asked Questions

Do I need a user account?
What's the difference between signing up and registering?
What if I already have a login.gov account?
What do I need to register my entity?
Feedback
Our Website
About This Site
Our Community
Release Notes
System Alerts
Our Partners
Acquisition.gov
USASpending.gov
Grants.gov
More Partners
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Restricted Data Use
Freedom of Information Act
Accessibility
Customer Service
Help
Check Entity Status
Federal Service Desk
External Resources
Contact
WARNING
This is a U.S. General Services Administration Federal Government computer system that is "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY." This system is subject to monitoring. Individuals found performing unauthorized activities are subject to disciplinary action including criminal prosecution. 

This system contains Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). All individuals viewing, reproducing or disposing of this information are required to protect it in accordance with 32 CFR Part 2002 and GSA Order CIO 2103.2 CUI Policy.

SAM.gov

An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration