Samaritan’s Purse International Disaster Relief  — International Relief YOU HAVE ( 0 ) ITEM(S) IN YOUR CART. CHECKOUT NOW WHO WE ARE Samaritan’s Purse About Samaritan’s Purse History Statement of Faith Comfort in the Wake of the Storm Board of Directors and Key Employees Worldwide Offices Financial Accountability Media Resources Legal Permissions Compliance/Report of Misconduct Contact Us Franklin Graham Franklin Graham Festivals Biography Bibliography Close WHAT WE DO Ministry Projects International Crisis Response Operation Christmas Child The Greatest Journey U.S. Disaster Relief & Rebuild World Medical Mission Greta Home and Academy Children’s Heart Project Operation Heal Our Patriots Hispanic Ministries Close VIDEO Channels International Crisis Response U.S. Disaster Relief Operation Christmas Child Operation Heal Our Patriots Medical Ministries Discipleship & Education Animals & Agriculture Construction Projects Water & Hygiene Women & Children Feeding Programs Close PODCAST GET INVOLVED Volunteer U.S. Disaster Relief Construction Operation Christmas Child World Medical Mission Employment Career Opportunities Operation Christmas Child Processing Center Seasonal Disaster Assistance Response Team (DART) Internship Program Apprenticeship Program Post-Residency Program Partner with Us Church Connections Create a Fundraising Page Close STORE GIVE Give Now Where Most Needed Where Most Needed - 012000 GIVE VIEW ALL GIFT ITEMS ► † You can also make a gift by mail. Send to: Samaritan’s Purse, PO Box 3000, Boone, NC 28607 Recurring Donations Support a Physician Books Solicitation Disclosure Gift Catalog Planned Giving Planned Giving IRAs Wills Charitable Gift Annuities Asset-Based Giving Creative Giving Workplace Giving Stocks Non-Cash Giving Memorial Giving Thank You! Your donation has been added. Your Total: $ 0.00 HELPING IN JESUS' NAME ® December 30, 2025 Ministry Highlights Shop the Catalog Compra el catálogo Year-End Giving A Special Thank‍-‍You Message From Franklin Graham 2025 Highlights Where Most Needed 012000 $ Give Donaciones de fin de año Mensaje especial de fin de año de Franklin Graham Lo más destacado del 2025 Donde más se necesita 012000 $ Donar Where Most Needed Your gift to “Where Most Needed” equips Samaritan's Purse with the resources—including personnel, materials, supporting services, buildings, and equipment—to fulfill our mission of relief and evangelism worldwide. Where Most Needed 012000 $ Give Donde más se necesita Tu donación denominada “donde más se necesita” equipa a Samaritan's Purse con los recursos necesarios como personal, materiales, maquinaria, servicios de apoyo e infraestructura para poder cumplir con la misión de ayuda y evangelismo a nivel mundial. Donde más se necesita 012000 $ Donar no no yes #ff6319 U.S. Disaster Relief & Rebuild Volunteers Helping Flooded Washington Communities Samaritan’s Purse serves families suffering after devastating flooding in Whatcom County. Samaritan’s Purse serves families suffering after devastating flooding in Whatcom County. no no no #69be28 Operation Christmas Child Build a Shoebox Online It’s not too late to pack a box online from our curated list of items a child will love. These gifts go to hard-to-reach countries with the message of God’s love. no no no #0066cb International Crisis Response Help Arrives for Families Fleeing Conflict in Cambodia Samaritan's Purse is distributing supplies and sharing the Gospel to families displaced by recent conflict in northwestern Cambodia. As violent clashes continue, pray for peace. Animals, Agriculture & Livelihoods Freedom Found in Good Work A Samaritan’s Purse vocational program in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is teaching Kaswera to braid hair while also showing her the love of God. U.S. Disaster Relief & Rebuild God Makes a Way Home A couple gives thanks for a new home from Samaritan’s Purse and celebrates God's provision as communities continue to rebuild after Hurricane Helene. Operation Christmas Child Meet Our Shoebox Heroes These individuals have contributed much to helping children hear the Gospel around the world. Our Ministry PODCAST | Drawing Near to God: Comfort After the Storm Kristy hears stories of resilience and hope on the island from Samaritan’s Purse teams on the ground and the people they are serving. Animals, Agriculture & Livelihoods Life Changed Because of the Bees A Cambodian family finds hope for their future through a Samaritan's Purse beekeeping program. Our Ministry Franklin Graham's December Update Read and watch more about our work in Jamaica, including Operation Christmas Child. Find out about rebuilds in Kentucky and North Carolina as well. Operation Christmas Child The Gospel Transforms a Teen in Cambodia God used The Greatest Journey discipleship program to change a thief and bully into an evangelist. Our Ministry Greta Van Susteren Christmas Special on Newsmax Tune in as journalist Greta Van Susteren highlights the work of Samaritan's Purse in Jamaica. U.S. Disaster Relief & Rebuild Responding to Historic Floods in Washington A Disaster Relief Unit is en route to the Evergreen State. Samaritan’s Purse volunteer teams will soon begin serving reeling homeowners in Jesus’ Name across the flooded region. Animals, Agriculture & Livelihoods Life Is Different Than Before A Cambodian family’s journey to faith through the gift of goats from Samaritan's Purse. Operation Christmas Child Franklin Graham Dedicates New Ministry Center in Maryland Samaritan's Purse celebrates the opening of the Mid-Atlantic Ministry Center in Windsor Mill, Maryland. Our Ministry From the New Mexico Desert to the World’s Darkest Places As God continues to expand our cargo fleet, we give thanks for a decade of missions aboard the Samaritan’s Purse DC-8. International Crisis Response Franklin Graham Sees Relief Work in Jamaica; Operation Christmas Child Shoeboxes Delivered The Samaritan's Purse president visited the Caribbean nation to see our relief efforts. COO Edward Graham,  Liberty University leadership, and students delivered shoebox gifts. U.S. Disaster Relief & Rebuild Franklin Graham Dedicates New Homes in Flood-Ravaged Kentucky Samaritan’s Purse president and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Kelly Craft were in Knott County, Kentucky, on Friday to dedicate 18 new homes to families for the glory of God. Operation Christmas Child Blessing Children in Chile Operation Christmas Child is bringing the joy of the Lord to impoverished communities. Construction Projects A Place of Worship to Call Their Own Samaritan’s Purse provides children in Bunia, Democratic Republic of the Congo, with a place to learn and grow in Jesus Christ. LOAD MORE STORIES ABOUT US After sharing the story of the Good Samaritan, Jesus said “Go and do likewise.” That is the mission of Samaritan's Purse—to follow the example of Christ by helping those in need and proclaiming the hope of the Gospel. LEARN MORE Learn more about our work: About Us Children's Ministries Construction Projects Disaster Relief Animals & Agriculture Feeding Programs World Medical Mission Operation Christmas Child Water Projects Women's Programs Operation Heal Our Patriots Discipleship & Education ABOUT US After sharing the story of the Good Samaritan, Jesus said “Go and do likewise.” That is the mission of Samaritan's Purse—to follow the example of Christ by helping those in need and proclaiming the hope of the Gospel. LEARN MORE Where Most Needed GIVE: $20 $50 $100 $200 OR ANY AMOUNT: GIVE © Copyright 2025 Samaritan’s Purse. All rights reserved. Samaritan’s Purse PO Box 3000 Boone, NC 28607 828.262.1980 Solicitation Disclosure | Privacy Center | Statement
            of Faith | Mission
            Statement | Employment | Franklin
            Graham | Worldwide Offices | Contact Us Samaritan’s Purse is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charity. All contributions designated for specific projects shall
        be applied
        to those projects, and we may assess up to 10 percent to be used for administering the gift. Occasionally,
        we receive more contributions for a given project than can be wisely applied to that project. When that happens,
        we use these funds to meet a similar pressing need. STAY INFORMED ABOUT OUR WORK Sign up to receive email updates on the work of Samaritan’s Purse, prayer alerts, and volunteer opportunities. Click to Sign Up English English Español Would you like to add $10 to adopt an Operation Christmas Child shoebox? Not everyone who fills a box full of gifts is able to afford the $10 donation that covers shipping, processing, ministry partner training, and Gospel materials. By adopting a shoebox, you can help us deliver the great joy of the Gospel of Jesus Christ to boys and girls in more than 100 countries. Yes, add $10. No, thanks. x Would you like to add $10 to give a family a copy of God’s Word? It only costs $10 to provide a Bible or Christian literature for a family in need through the Christmas catalog. No, thanks. Yes, add $10. × You are visiting the international website for Samaritan’s Purse, headquartered in the United States. You also may be interested in visiting and giving through our affiliate sites: Samaritan’s Purse Australia and New Zealand Samaritan’s Purse Canada Samaritan’s Purse Germany Samaritan’s Purse Korea Samaritan’s Purse United Kingdom × Would you like to add $6 to send a child on The Greatest Journey? It only costs $6 to provide lesson books and a Bible for a boy or girl participating in this discipleship program by Samaritan’s Purse. No, thanks. Yes, add $6. × You are visiting the Samaritan’s Purse website for Operation Christmas Child United States. Click below if you would rather visit the site of one of our Samaritan’s Purse affiliate offices: Operation Christmas Child Australia & New Zealand Operation Christmas Child Canada Operation Christmas Child Germany Operation Christmas Child Korea Operation Christmas Child United Kingdom ×