Sandals® Resorts: Made Of Caribbean [Official Website] Check Rates & Availability resorts Inclusions Celebrations Groups Specials Check Rates & Availability Check Rates & Availability SALE ENDS JANUARY 1 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Min. 00 Sec. Save UP TO $1,000 + $200 Resort Credit + 1 Free  Night At Select Resorts VIEW OFFER Select a Resort Antigua Jamaica Barbados Curaçao Saint Lucia Grenada Bahamas Saint Vincent Select Destination Select a Resort Select Resort Check-In – Check-Out Include flights Rates & Availability Book Online Today & Get $100 Off Get Closer in the Caribbean The Caribbean is more than a place—it’s a state of mind. As a family-owned business born and raised here, it’s a state of mind we’ve been in for generations. You could call us experts in the island vacation—aficionados of all the ways you can enjoy a day. Over 40 years ago, we pioneered all-inclusive resorts in the region, so guests from everywhere could experience the simple delights of this special place. Whether it’s on land, by sea, or under the water, we’ve got endless ways to indulge your whims and open your senses to the Caribbean’s natural and cultural wonders. Choose from our 17 all-inclusive resorts for adults in Jamaica , Antigua , Saint Lucia , The Bahamas , Grenada , Barbados , Curaçao , and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , each set on a white-sand beach handpicked for its beauty. The Caribbean is calling—how will you answer? Find The Sandals That Is Right For You Which Island Is Waiting For You? Select Destination Jamaica Saint Vincent Bahamas Saint Lucia Antigua Grenada Barbados Curaçao Select Destination What's Included in Your Stay? At Sandals, all-inclusive means you can go all in on vacation mode—so your stay includes all the ingredients for an unforgettable Caribbean getaway, from roomy accommodations to delicious food and drink to a wide range of land and water sports. Whatever path you take, we'll make you feel right at home. Specialty Restaurants PADI-Certified Scuba Diving Snorkeling Trips Water Sports Land Sports Championship Golf All Tips, Taxes and Gratuities Premium Liquors Premium Wines Roundtrip Airport Transfers View all inclusions ¹Certified divers can join our PADI instructors for scheduled and guided dives daily. ²Complimentary green fees are included at any of our golf resorts in Jamaica and Saint Lucia. 17 Caribbean Resorts On the best beaches Our Sandals Locations: Saint Vincent Jamaica Barbados Saint Lucia Grenada Antigua Curaçao Bahamas sandals Saint Vincent Buccament Bay - Saint Vincent sandals Saint Vincent Buccament Bay - Saint Vincent Tucked away on its own private cove and bordered by a lush forest and gently flowing river is Sandals Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Featuring stunning Overwater Villas and Beachfront Villas, 12 dining concepts, and 9 unique bars. 1592 Reviews Starting from $ 516 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Dunn’s River Ocho Rios - Jamaica sandals Dunn’s River Ocho Rios - Jamaica Sandals Dunn’s River is built into — and inspired by — the surrounding tropical landscape, and lets you experience the natural beauty of this place from within. 1434 Reviews Starting from $ 276 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort Featured sandals Ochi Ocho Rios - Jamaica sandals Ochi Ocho Rios - Jamaica Sandals Ochi embodies the whole range of what Jamaica has to offer. On one end, there’s the sunny beach club bubbling with energy. On the other, you’ll find serene Butler Villas nestled in a 100-acre garden. 14064 Reviews Starting from $ 224 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Negril Negril - Jamaica sandals Negril Negril - Jamaica Set right on the water in the widest stretch of Jamaica’s famous Seven Mile Beach, Sandals Negril is a perfect spot to lose track of your time, your shoes, and your worries. 10067 Reviews Starting from $ 290 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Royal Plantation Ocho Rios - Jamaica sandals Royal Plantation Ocho Rios - Jamaica Sandals Royal Plantation serves up truly personal service in a secluded tropical paradise. Tucked into a coral bluff overlooking a private cove beach, this resort features all Butler Suites. 3128 Reviews Starting from $ 319 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Royal Caribbean Montego Bay - Jamaica sandals Royal Caribbean Montego Bay - Jamaica This elegant beach resort features innovative suites including Swim-up Crystal Lagoon Suites and the spectacular Over-the-water Suites. Just offshore, an exotic private island offers a romantic retreat. 8191 Reviews Starting from $ 322 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Montego Bay Montego Bay - Jamaica sandals Montego Bay Montego Bay - Jamaica Sandals Montego Bay is a true original. It sits on an expansive white-sand beach — the largest private beach in Jamaica. This lively, romantic escape from the ordinary is where the world first fell in love with Sandals. 7874 Reviews Starting from $ 388 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals South Coast Whitehouse - Jamaica sandals South Coast Whitehouse - Jamaica Water flows through, under, and around Sandals South Coast, with a modern design inspired by the ocean's restorative power. Rolling tropical acres and rhythmic waves set the tone for a peaceful stay. 11267 Reviews Starting from $ 277 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Royal Barbados St. Lawrence Gap - Barbados sandals Royal Barbados St. Lawrence Gap - Barbados Sandals Royal Barbados pairs the sophistication of a classic jet set location with our signature Sandals experience. 5439 Reviews Starting from $ 399 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Barbados St. Lawrence Gap - Barbados sandals Barbados St. Lawrence Gap - Barbados Sandals Barbados brings our signature all-inclusive experience to a secluded, sought-after location that’s brimming with natural beauty. 8134 Reviews Starting from $ 350 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Grande St. Lucian Gros-Islet - Saint Lucia sandals Grande St. Lucian Gros-Islet - Saint Lucia Sandals Grande St. Lucian sits like a serene garden on the Rodney Bay peninsula, with calm waters, 360-degree views of the Atlantic and the Caribbean, and sunsets that stop you in your tracks. 10138 Reviews Starting from $ 363 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Halcyon Beach Castries - Saint Lucia sandals Halcyon Beach Castries - Saint Lucia An intimate low-rise resort bordered by tropical gardens and white-sand beaches, at Sandals Halcyon Beach soaking up Saint Lucia’s beauty comes naturally. 6418 Reviews Starting from $ 347 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Regency La Toc Castries - Saint Lucia sandals Regency La Toc Castries - Saint Lucia Spanning 220 lush acres with sweeping views of the Pitons and the Caribbean Sea, Sandals Regency La Toc is where hills meet beach — and everything just feels right. 11286 Reviews Starting from $ 311 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Grenada St. George's - Grenada sandals Grenada St. George's - Grenada Sandals Grenada is an "if you know, you know" destination, where cliffs and curated landscapes create a secluded paradise on Pink Gin Beach. 5858 Reviews Starting from $ 359 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Grande Antigua St. John's - Antigua sandals Grande Antigua St. John's - Antigua Sandals Grande Antigua sits on the longest (and some say, the most beautiful) beach on the island, and offers multiple ways to enjoy its charms. 8638 Reviews Starting from $ 333 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Royal Curaçao Santa Barbara - Curaçao sandals Royal Curaçao Santa Barbara - Curaçao At Sandals Royal Curaçao, you can dive into waters as blue as the island’s signature liqueur and feel the desert air mix with the ocean breeze. 4366 Reviews Starting from $ 395 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort sandals Royal Bahamian Nassau - Bahamas sandals Royal Bahamian Nassau - Bahamas Elegance and ease come together at Sandals Royal Bahamian, a Nassau retreat that combines an amenity-packed beach resort with an offshore island. 10329 Reviews Starting from $ 325 PP/PN View Rooms View Resort OFFER DETAILS View Resort Beaches Resorts Bring the Whole Family Beaches Resorts by Sandals Beaches.com Reviews & Awards See what others are saying about us All-Inclusive Vacations Get closer in the caribbean Select a Resort Antigua Jamaica Barbados Curaçao Saint Lucia Grenada Bahamas Saint Vincent Select Destination Select a Resort Select Resort Check-In – Check-Out Include flights Rates & Availability Book Online Today & Get $100 Off RETURNING GUESTS FIND A TRAVEL AGENCY MEET A SANDALS SPECIALIST VISIT THE SANDALS BLOG Get Closer To The Caribbean Enter to win 4 days in paradise BOOK A VACATION Book Online Get a Price Quote View Specials Find your Sandals Find a Travel Agency Sandals Specialists ALREADY BOOKED? Check-in Online Book Optional Extras Balance Payment Butler Preferences ALL-INCLUSIVE RESORTS View All Resorts Saint Vincent Resorts Jamaica Resorts Saint Lucia Resorts Antigua Resorts Bahamas Resorts Grenada Resorts Barbados Resorts Curaçao Resorts WEDDINGS & CELEBRATIONS Destination Weddings Wedding Venues Inquire Honeymoons Elopements Anniversaries Renewal of Vows ABOUT SANDALS Sandals Blog Sandals Foundation FAQs Employment Testimonials Request a Brochure Request Sponsorship Accessibility News Affiliates Site Map RETURNING GUESTS FIND A TRAVEL AGENCY MEET A SANDALS SPECIALIST VISIT THE SANDALS BLOG LIMITED-TIME ONLINE OFFER: 40,000 BONUS POINTS LEARN MORE Residents of the US and its territories only. See full disclosure for details. Ayuda en español Europe +44 207 581 9895 Worldwide Information 1-888-SANDALS 888-726-3257 • FROM 7AM TO 12AM EST Part of Our Family Family Resorts By Sandals Fowl Cay Resort Private Villas Sandals Foundation Terms & Conditions Cookies & Privacy Policy Contact Us Your Privacy Choices