Skip to content
All Sections
Home Page
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National Politics
National News
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Handpicked by Locals
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
Branded Content
Paid Content by Brandpoint
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in
45°F
Monday, December 29th 2025

e-Edition

Sports
Business
Things to do
Opinion
Real Estate
eNewspaper
Obituaries
Newsletters
The T.E.A.

TRENDING:

 Top theater shows of ’25
 News stories to watch in ’26
 Business stories to watch in '26
 Year in San Diego dining
 Tony Hawk in 'Nutcracker'
Featured
Is there another option to get the nuclear waste out of San Onofre?
A recently passed resolution by San Diego County seeks partnerships with national labs and companies to reprocess the waste from San Onofre.
Trolley delays are way down across San Diego. Thank the new Copper Line in East County.
Rady Children’s to break ground on new mental health hospital next year
This program gets homeless people into housing fast. Will it be one of the last?
Little-known San Diego financing program has created two dozen apartment complexes across the city
LATEST HEADLINES
3 Thoughts … after the Aztecs’ 49-47 loss to North Texas in the New Mexico Bowl 14 hours ago
Michael Smolens: ICE enlists private ‘bounty hunter’ firms in deportation push 1 day ago
USD’s Ty-Laur Johnson knows he and Toreros are capable of more 2 days ago
San Diego sports fan? Check out these 12 events (and dozens more) in 2026 2 days ago
Beyond breathalyzers, San Diego police can now field test drivers for drugs 2 days ago
State sets few rules for charter school oversight. A new report offers improvements. 2 days ago
Tijuana’s most famous street is now partly closed to vehicles, creating a pedestrian plaza 2 days ago

Get the latest news in your inbox!

SIGN UP
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Little-known San Diego financing program has created two dozen apartment complexes across the city
Little-known San Diego financing program has created two dozen apartment complexes across the city
San Diego County public transit will be free — and run past 1 a.m. — on New Year’s Eve
San Diego County public transit will be free — and run past 1 a.m. — on New Year’s Eve
County supervisors want to make homes even less affordable
County supervisors want to make homes even less affordable
After second trial, jury convicts San Diego County deputy who seriously injured restrained inmate
After second trial, jury convicts San Diego County deputy who seriously injured restrained inmate
How San Diego County could soon crack down on polluters, landlords and insurers
How San Diego County could soon crack down on polluters, landlords and insurers
Tijuana’s most famous street is now partly closed to vehicles, creating a pedestrian plaza
Tijuana’s most famous street is now partly closed to vehicles, creating a pedestrian plaza
‘Next-man-up mentality’ can’t save Aztecs from New Mexico Bowl loss
‘Next-man-up mentality’ can’t save Aztecs from New Mexico Bowl loss
This program gets homeless people into housing fast. Will it be one of the last?
This program gets homeless people into housing fast. Will it be one of the last?
NFL DFS Week 17 Optimal Lineup: Build around Bengals’ Joe Burrow on small slate
NFL DFS Week 17 Optimal Lineup: Build around Bengals’ Joe Burrow on small slate
San Diego’s 28 most anticipated new restaurants of 2026
San Diego’s 28 most anticipated new restaurants of 2026
CRIME AND PUBLIC SAFETY
Man critically injured in shooting outside Chula Vista bar
A man was shot and injured early Sunday at a Chula Vista strip mall.
Man found dead on freeway embankment near Balboa Park
Man fatally shot by sheriff’s deputy Imperial Beach identified
San Diego man was outside own home when falling branches killed him Christmas Eve
SPORTS
Analysis: SDSU QBs Bert Emanuel Jr., Kyle Crum step up in New Mexico Bowl
Bert Emanuel proved he was a playmaker against North Texas in Saturday’s New Mexico Bowl. Then he got hurt.
‘Next-man-up mentality’ can’t save Aztecs from New Mexico Bowl loss
USD beats Pacific to open West Coast Conference play; Tritons win big
Cathedral Catholic’s Honor Fa’alave-Johnson, Carlsbad’s Rocky Cummings highlight All-CIF football teams
THINGS TO DO
2026 Arts Preview: Our top San Diego stage picks for the coming year
Among the exciting shows coming this year are 'The Lehman Trilogy,' three new musicals and a Katie Holmes-led classic.
2026 Arts Preview: Our top San Diego music picks for the coming year
2026 Arts Preview: Our top San Diego visual art picks for the coming year
2026 Arts Preview: Our top San Diego classical music picks for the coming year
BUSINESS
$8 gasoline, a convention center remake, robotaxis: San Diego business stories to watch in 2026
U-T business reporters say these are the key San Diego business stories they are tracking in 2026.
San Diego County’s biggest apartment complex of the year is opening. It’s not where you think
Your wedding at a brewery? Hosting private events helps San Diego beermakers with bottom line
Would you pay $12 for a cup of coffee in San Diego?
FREE FUN AND GAMES
Sudoku
Games
Jumble
Daily Crossword
PHOTOS
Photos: High surf advisory
Photos: Friday views
Photos: Christmas in San Diego
Photos: Christmas Eve storm
Photos: Tony Hawk ‘ollies’ in ‘Nutcracker’ ballet
Photos: Coastal Christmas Holiday Light Spectacular
Photos: First annual Cops, Youth and Santa event
SHOW MORE PHOTOS
NATIONAL POLITICS
Trump and Netanyahu are to meet in Florida at a crucial moment for the US-backed Gaza ceasefire
They aim to boost a U.S.-brokered ceasefire in Gaza, which faces challenges as it looks...
US pledges $2B for UN humanitarian aid as Trump slashes funding and warns agencies to ‘adapt or die’
US offers Ukraine 15-year security guarantee as part of peace plan, Zelenskyy says
Federal judge to hold hearing on whether Kilmar Abrego Garcia is being vindictively prosecuted
OPINION
Opinion: King tides reveal a priceless coast — and our duty to protect it
The king tides expose the beauty and fragility of our environment.
Petco Park welcoming rodeo a comment on Padres
County supervisors want to make homes even less affordable
Susan Shelley: Who pays for California’s war on drivers? You do.
LOCAL NEWS
From the Archives: Welcoming in the new year
From the Archives rings in the new year with this photo of the San Diego...
Slow down! La Mesa testing temporary speed humps.
1946-2025: Remembering Dr. Thomas Shiftan, a patron of cancer research and the arts
Notable local deaths of 2025: Remembering those we lost
HANDPICKED BY LOCALS
Handpicked by Locals: 5 places to eat, drink and explore in Santee
These recommendations by The Smoking Gun's executive chef Andy Weiss include Function 52 Bar &...
Handpicked by Locals: 5 places to eat, drink and explore in and around Little Italy
Handpicked by Locals: 5 places to eat, drink and explore in and around Serra Mesa
Handpicked by Locals: 5 places to eat, drink and explore in Lemon Grove
NATIONAL NEWS
Winter storm brings blizzard conditions and dangerous wind chills
A powerful winter storm is moving northeast, bringing snow, ice, rain, and strong winds.
Rising electric bills lead to state scrutiny — but little relief for residents
States crack down on aggressive driving
It’s been 25 years since America decided to save the Everglades. Where do we stand?
WORLD NEWS
China stages military drills around Taiwan to warn ‘external forces’ after US, Japan tensions
The drills came after Beijing expressed anger at what could be the largest-ever U.S. arms...
A Palestinian man kills 2 in car-ramming and stabbing attack in northern Israel and injures 2 others
Venezuelan migrants sent to El Salvador demand justice after US judge ruling
Japan’s Cabinet OKs record defense budget that aims to deter China
HEALTH
Americans face growing loneliness and social disconnection
Small groups are working to restore community connections.
Paradise Valley Hospital providing secure wing for jail inmates
A miraculous mix of skill and luck: Carlsbad doctor gives neighbor early Christmas gift
Call 911 or risk losing the baby? Raids force some immigrants to avoid care
FOOD
A seafood celebration: The Feast of the Seven Fishes
Recipes from chef Accursio Lota explore Christmas Eve tradition among Italian Americans with sumptuous mussels,...
Baked French toast is a luxe but laid-back holiday breakfast
What is Southern food? A new cookbook challenges our assumptions
Samin Nosrat’s slow-cooked salmon couldn’t be simpler
HOME AND GARDEN
Need a room refresh? Try one of these dynamic trim colors
Nine expert-recommended shades that will put you on edge — but in a good way
Creating a simple garden sanctuary for year-round relaxation
How to keep your houseplants anything but basic
Like many holiday traditions, lighting candles and fireplaces is best done in moderation
BEST REVIEWS
Add style to your bathroom with the best boho shower curtain
Shower curtains take up so much visual real estate, usually 72 by 72 inches, which...
Best Blue Diamond cookware
Best BenQ projector
Which wine opener should I buy?
Events
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
Digital Subscription FAQ
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group