Sandvik Group Jump to content You are now visiting the Sandvik Group website in English. Would you like to switch to another language site with selected content translated? Change language Close Offerings Investors Careers News & Media Stories About us Websites Search Menu Offerings Investors Careers News & Media Stories About us Welcome to the Sandvik Group A future without mining isn't the future Shifting the world to electric will require more minerals than ever before.​ The key here is how responsibly we mine for them. That's why Sandvik is reinventing mining. Explore the full story Latest news All news and press releases Press release Dec 19, 2025 10:00 AM CET Sandvik wins large order for battery-electric mining equipment in Canada Press release Dec 15, 2025 9:00 AM CET Sandvik wins major mining equipment order in Australia Press release Nov 25, 2025 9:00 AM CET Sandvik signs EUR 500 million loan agreement with the European Investment Bank Careers Become one of us! When you join our global team, you will experience a culture that enables important shifts. Sustainability Our sustainable future We want to be a positive force in shaping the future of industry and leading the way with innovation and engineering for the world we need. Latest stories All stories and articles Digitalization, People Dec 12, 2025 1:05 PM CET Inside the first-ever global Sandvik Promptathon Sandvik hosted its first ever Promptathon in December, with the goal of helping employees master the art of asking better questions. Podcast, People Dec 11, 2025 2:17 PM CET Engineering the future of mining When engineer Courtney Doyle accepted an internship at Sandvik, she thought she was simply trying something new. People, Innovation Dec 9, 2025 11:35 AM CET Studio Sandvik Episode 14: Innovation Prize, DataDrive’31 & much more The latest episode of Studio Sandvik features this year’s Innovation Prize winners, the launch of the DataDrive’31 digitalization program, and an update on Intelligent Manufacturing’s new reseller strategy. Upcoming events 01 Jan Silent period fourth quarter 2025 27 Jan Interim report fourth quarter 2025 01 Apr Silent period first quarter 2026 All events All events Interim report Q3 Interim report Q3 2025 (PDF document, 1.6 MB) Archive of interim reports Annual report Annual report 2024 (PDF document, 8.17 MB) Read the annual report online About Sandvik Sandvik is a global, high-tech engineering group providing solutions that enhance productivity, profitability and sustainability for the manufacturing, mining and infrastructure industries. In 2024 the Group had approximately 41,000 employees and revenues of about 123 billion SEK in more than 150 countries. Sandvik at a glance Business areas Sandvik in figures Expertise and innovation We have proven capabilities to enhance customer productivity, profitability and sustainability. Expertise and innovation Meet Sandvik podcast Meet different persons that give their perspective on Sandvik. Podcasts Vacancies We offer career opportunities in many different job areas worldwide. Available jobs Go to available jobs Contact About us Sustainability Corporate governance Products & Services Careers Investors News & Media Whistleblowing (Speak Up) Data privacy Manage cookies Accessibility statement About this site Trademarks Linkedin Instagram Youtube Facebook Change language © 2025 Copyright © Sandvik AB; (publ) Box 510, SE-101 30 Stockholm, Sweden Phone: +46 8 456 11 00 Other Sandvik websites We would like your consent Sandvik and our vendors use cookies (and similar technologies) to collect and process personal data (such as device identifiers, IP addresses, and website interactions) for essential site functions, analyzing site performance, personalizing content, and delivering targeted ads. Some cookies are necessary and can’t be turned off, while others are used only if you consent. The consent-based cookies help us support Sandvik and individualize your website experience. You may accept or reject all such cookies by clicking the appropriate button below. You can also consent to cookies based on their purposes via the manage cookies link below. Visit our cookie privacy policy for more details on how we use cookies. Manage cookies Reject all Accept all