Wellcome Sanger Institute - Genomics Research Institute in Cambridge Skip to main content Careers | Find us | Contact us About Careers and Study Careers and Study Working at the Sanger Institute is truly unique. We put collaboration, innovation and support for people as individuals at the centre of everything we do. Join us to help shape the future by delivering life-changing science with the reach, scale, and creativity to solve some of humanity’s greatest challenges. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more Careers Join our community of world class thinkers and professionals at the Sanger Institute located in Cambridge. Together we achieve life-changing science. Study We are committed to training the next generation of pioneering genome scientists and clinicians. At the Wellome Sanger Institute we give PhD students and postdocs all the tools they need to succeed in the field of genomics research. Who we are Who we are Our vision and mission is to deliver world-leading genomics research in collaboration with research partners across the globe. Discover how our funding gives our leadership the independence to conduct bold, ambitious science that pioneers new fields in health, disease and conservation. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more Our Vision By focusing on fundamental discovery research led by our faculty and employing our unique scale in cutting-edge data generation and analysis, we deliver discoveries not easily made elsewhere. Impact From providing fundamental resources for understanding biology to exploring cancer genomes and the effects of variation in human genomes, our work lays the foundations for personalised medicine. We also reveal the secrets of human development and how infectious diseases evolve and spread. Leadership and Governance Discover how our leadership and structures are designed to enable holistic and effective decision making, with transparency and accountability woven into their make up. Strategy and Funding Read how our strategy informs our research focus and how our unique funding enables our scientists to take scientific risks to pioneer new approaches. Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Equity, Diversity and Inclusion The diversity in skills and knowledge that we all bring make our Institute the thriving ideas factory that it is. Discover how we support each other to reach our full potential and thrive. We celebrate diversity and seek to ensure that everyone has equal access to professional and career development opportunities. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more Policies Policies We play a pivotal role in helping to shape Government and International research policies. We also lead the way in developing guidance to support our scientists to carry out their research ethically, equitably and responsibly. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more Influencing Policy We advise all levels of government both in the UK and across the world on the the role, impact and importance of genomic and life science research. Research Policies Our policies help our researchers carry out their science collaboratively, equitably, ethically and responsibly. Admin Groups Admin Groups Browse our management and support operations teams that facilitate the Sanger Institute’s science. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more Campus Connections Campus Connections We are sited on the Wellcome Genome Campus at the very heart of a global hub of fundamental and applied genomic research, education and engagement. It is home to some of the world’s foremost institutes and organisations using genomes and biodata to deliver science with the reach, scale and imagination to solve some of humanity’s greatest challenges and maximise societal benefit. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more About We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. About Us We tackle some of the most difficult challenges in genomic research. This demands science at scale; a visionary and creative approach to research that pushes the boundaries of our understanding in ever new and exciting ways. Read more Science Programmes Programmes Our research is organised into six primary Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. In addition, our Associate Research programmes pioneer new approaches to studying health and disease. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Cancer, Ageing and Somatic Mutation Cellular Genomics Generative and Synthetic Genomics Human Genetics Parasites and Microbes Tree of Life Associate Research Programmes Groups Groups Browse the research, scientific and support teams in the Sanger Institute. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Collaborations Collaborations Explore the national, international and global research projects and collaborations we either lead or actively contribute to. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Data Data Browse our genomic and genetic data resources and repositories. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Software and Resources Software and Resources We freely and openly provide the global research community with a wide range of genomics software, protocols, and platforms. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Publications Publications The Sanger Institute has published papers in some of the most prestigious scientific journals. We aim to publish research that will transform biology and improve healthcare. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Research Policies Research Policies Sanger Institute’s Research Policies are designed to provide guidance to help researchers navigate the legislation relating to their research and to ensure that research is ethical and legal. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more Archive Archive Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more COVID-19 The Sanger Institute played a major role in the genomic surveillance of the COVID-19 pandemic, providing large-scale high-throughput sequencing of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and analysis of its evolution and spread in the UK. Sanger Seminar Series Throughout the COVID-19 lockdown of 2020-2021 we hosted a series of monthly freely available and open virtual seminars. From using genomic approaches to map all cell types in the human body, understand how cancer develops, and track the evolution and spread of global diseases, our senior scientists and faculty presented the latest developments in their field. Science Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease or analytic focus. In all cases, the studies provide insights into human, pathogen, cellular evolution, the phenotypic and hence biological consequences of genome variation and the processes which cause mutations. Science & technology Our science is organised into six Scientific Programmes, each defining a major area of research with a particular biological, disease, analytic or generative focus. Read more People Leadership Leadership Join us Our science is founded on the talents, imagination and curiosity of our people. Our wet-lab scientists, bioinformaticians, developers, engineers and skilled administrators work together to deliver cutting-edge research. Join us Read more Sanger Leadership Team The Sanger Leadership Team is an Executive Committee that enables holistic and effective decision making, with transparency and accountability woven into its make up. Governance How we are organised to enable transparent, open, responsive leadership. Institute Scientific Advisory Board We draw on a number of experienced and internationally recognised scientists to provide independent scientific support, advice and challenge to help us maintain our scientific excellence. Faculty Faculty Join us Our science is founded on the talents, imagination and curiosity of our people. Our wet-lab scientists, bioinformaticians, developers, engineers and skilled administrators work together to deliver cutting-edge research. Join us Read more Faculty Our Faculty conceive and deliver our science. Within our strategic framework the Institute’s scientific aspirations are driven by their vision, imagination and intellectual energy. Associate Faculty Our Associate Faculty combine their skills and knowledge with the Sanger Institute’s unique abilities to conduct data generation and analysis at scale to pioneer genomic research in new areas. International Fellows Our International Fellows Programme empowers early-career researchers with resources, mentorship, and funding to advance genomic research globally. Honorary Faculty Our Honorary Faculty contribute to our research by providing insights and knowledge and collaborating on important research projects. All Sanger Staff All Sanger Staff Almost 1,000 scientists, developers, engineers and skilled professionals work together to deliver the Sanger Institute’s cutting-edge genomic research. Join us Our science is founded on the talents, imagination and curiosity of our people. Our wet-lab scientists, bioinformaticians, developers, engineers and skilled administrators work together to deliver cutting-edge research. Join us Read more Science Staff From PhD students and Postdoctoral Fellows, bioinformaticians and laboratory managers, search for our staff who the support the delivery of pioneering science. Non-Science Staff Look up our management and support staff that facilitate the Sanger Institute’s science. People Almost 1,000 scientists, developers, engineers and skilled professionals work together to deliver the Sanger Institute’s cutting-edge genomic research. Join us Our science is founded on the talents, imagination and curiosity of our people. Our wet-lab scientists, bioinformaticians, developers, engineers and skilled administrators work together to deliver cutting-edge research. Join us Read more Innovation Innovation at the Institute Innovation at the Institute We deliver therapeutic, diagnostic and production benefits in areas as diverse as cancer, immunology, public health and personalised treatment. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more For Industry For Industry Find out how our translation team maximises the socioeconomic impact of the Sanger Institute’s discoveries by translating our science into products, services and technologies that benefit patients in a variety of settings. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more For Researchers For Researchers Read how we benefit society by buiding on the innovative capabilities of our people by engaging with businesses and creating commercial opportunities. We also develop a unique and vibrant ecosystem to establish and grow innovative genomics and biodata businesses. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more Case Studies Case Studies Read examples of how we engage with funding, R&D, service and clinical communities to promote real-world utilisation of the Sanger Institute’s technologies and resources. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more Our Spin-Outs Our Spin-Outs We have a culture and history of scaling technologies. Some have become spin-out companies that positively impact today’s healthcare sector. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more Sanger Technologies Sanger Technologies Browse our technology and therapy opportunities. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more Innovation We deliver therapeutic, diagnostic and production benefits in areas as diverse as cancer, immunology, public health and personalised treatment. Sanger Innovation We apply our science to benefit society by empowering innovators and engaging with businesses and investors - driven by Sanger Genomics Innovation Read more News News and Blogs News and Blogs Read our latest news and stories of the science and people of the Sanger Institute. News and Blogs News and stories Announcements, articles and blogs from the cutting edge of genomic research. Read more Press Office Press Office The Communications team promote the Sanger Institute’s research and discoveries, using both traditional media such as print, radio interviews and TV footage and social media like Twitter, Facebook and the Sanger Institute blog News and Blogs News and stories Announcements, articles and blogs from the cutting edge of genomic research. Read more Branding and Logos Branding and Logos Wellcome Sanger Institute Branding Guidelines and Logos. News and Blogs News and stories Announcements, articles and blogs from the cutting edge of genomic research. Read more Latest News 23 Dec 2025 Understanding respiratory viruses in the age of the ‘super flu’ Read more 17 Dec 2025 Detailed cell map unlocks secrets of how reproductive organs form Read more 16 Dec 2025 Growing tiny placentas to unlock the mysteries of pregnancy Read more News and Blogs News and stories Announcements, articles and blogs from the cutting edge of genomic research. Read more We apply and explore genomic technologies at scale to advance understanding of biology and improve health Detailed cell map unlocks secrets of how reproductive organs form Scientists chart a comprehensive cell atlas of the developing human reproductive system, offering new clues into congenital disorders. Find out more Order of cancer-driving mutations affects the chance of tumour development Scientists reveal that mutation order influences tumour growth in the intestine. Find out more Largest study of nose microbiome helps highlight those at risk of Staph aureus infection A study of the human nasal microbiome has allowed scientists to rethink how bacterial communities interact in the nose. Find out more 1,000 butterfly and moth genomes to investigate evolution, climate change resilience, and tackle food security issues Unravelling the secrets hidden in the DNA of butterflies and moths could help aid nature conservation, transform our understanding of evolution, and uncover new ways of addressing agricultural pests. Find out more Antimicrobial resistant bacteria and genes move freely between people, animals and the environment By analysing Escherichia coli ( E. coli ) genomes, researchers have shown that antimicrobial resistant bacteria and the genes that confer resistance move between bacterial hosts and across ecological compartments freely in Eastern Africa. This could help inform future public health interventions to reduce the spread of treatment-resistant infections and help us understand how to tackle the threat of antimicrobial resistance (AMR). Find out more Previous Sanger Prize Winners (from left to right, Andrea Ong, Sophia Hernandez, Damilola Gbore and Sushovan Dam) Apply to the Sanger Prize 2026 The winner of the Sanger Institute Prize will be offered a three-month internship with a research group at the Wellcome Sanger Institute. Travel, living and research expenses are all covered by the award. The Sanger Prize Competition 2026 Our Scientific Strategy The Institute generates and analyses large-scale genomic data to deliver three research objectives to advance fundamental knowledge and postively impact healthcare and society: Disease genomics – deciphering the molecular underpinnings of health and disease Engineering genomics – elucidating how DNA sequences encode biological functions Planetary genomics – understanding planetary biology through genome sequences of diverse species Read more about our Vision and Strategy Latest News and Blogs 23 Dec 2025 Understanding respiratory viruses in the age of the ‘super flu’ For many, flu season has come earlier this year with hospitalisations rising by more than 50 per cent in one week in the UK. The so-called ‘super flu’ is causing a media frenzy – but what actually is it? Why are we seeing it earlier than usual? And how can we be better prepared in the future? 17 Dec 2025 Detailed cell map unlocks secrets of how reproductive organs form Scientists chart a comprehensive cell atlas of the developing human reproductive system, offering new clues into congenital disorders. 16 Dec 2025 Growing tiny placentas to unlock the mysteries of pregnancy Scientist by day, nature-lover by weekend – in Alisha Dordi’s hands, stem cells become organoids, and the lab becomes a window into life itself. Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, CB10 1SA. UK +44 (0)1223 834244 About Legal Data sharing Careers Privacy Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Study Modern Slavery Statement Expand footer Wellcome Sanger Institute, Genome Research Limited (reg no. 2742969 ) is a charity registered in England with number 1021457 2025 Wellcome Sanger Institute | All rights reserved