The Content Operating System | Sanity 🤖 Is your CMS truly AI-powered? Take the 2-minute test → Skip to content Sanity Products Content operations Sanity Studio Media Library Canvas Content Agent Content Releases Insights App SDK Content backend Content Lake Live CDN Compute Agent Actions The only platform powering content operations Start building for free Start building for free Solutions Use Cases Headless CMS E-commerce Marketing Media and publishing PIM LMS Build your own Users Developers Content Editors Product Owners Business Leaders Tecovas strengthens their customer connections Read the story Read the story Resources Build and Share Sanity 101 New Sanity Learn Frameworks Templates Tools and plugins Schemas and snippets Join our community Insight Blog Events Customer stories Guides Grab your gear: The official Sanity swag store Read Grab your gear: The official Sanity swag store Docs Enterprise Pricing Sanity Products Content operations Sanity Studio Headless CMS Media Library Centralized asset management Canvas AI-assisted, free-form writing Content Agent AI for content operations Content Releases Stack and stage content updates Insights Understand content performance App SDK Rapidly build content apps Content backend Content Lake The content optimized database Live CDN Simple, scalable, real-time Compute Event handlers for content changes Agent Actions Built-in, content aware AI Solutions Use Cases Headless CMS E-commerce Marketing Media and publishing PIM LMS Build your own Users Developers Content Editors Product Owners Business Leaders Resources Build and Share Sanity 101 New A quick series covering key areas of Sanity to get you up to speed. Sanity Learn Frameworks Templates Tools and plugins Schemas and snippets Join our community Insight Blog Events Customer stories Guides Docs Enterprise Pricing Get started Contact Sales The Content Operating System Unlock your business with a fully customizable all-code backend for content applications and AI workflows Start Building Watch demo npm create sanity@latest The Content Operating System Empower devs and creators to deliver faster—at scale with AI APPS & SDK Content applications that enable custom workflows at scale, from creation to distribution. Compute + AI Automate anything with functions and agent actions, powering your content operations with AI Content Lake A database optimized for content queries, authoring and delivery. APPS & SDK Content applications that enable custom workflows at scale, from creation to distribution. Compute + AI Automate anything with functions and agent actions, powering your content operations with AI Content Lake A database optimized for content queries, authoring and delivery. Full stack Take control of your content workflows. Gain full control to build, scale, and ship the content applications your team needs, so they can move faster, collaborate and scale without friction. Sanity Studio The most flexible Headless CMS Configure with TypeScript. Customize with React. The feature-rich, real-time content workspace your team needs. The most flexible Headless CMS Real-time + Visual Editing Interactive visual editing Serve visual drag-and-drop editing as you expect without compromising on content reusability. Interactive visual editing Content Agent The agent that knows your content Accelerate your work. Query, audit, edit at scale through natural language. Turn hours of work into minutes. The agent that knows your content APP SDK + APIS Custom apps equals tailored workflows Create dashboards, tables, and grids or complex apps that power exactly the workflows your team needs. Custom apps equals tailored workflows Functions + Agent Actions Automate your content operations Deploy serverless functions. Trigger on any content change. Use AI to let your content act—automate, adapt, and transform as you want. Automate your content operations Content Lake + CDN The database optimized for content Store content as JSON, from any source, structured your way. Query anything with GROQ. Serve it fast anywhere from a real-time content backend. The database optimized for content Works where you work Query, mutate, and render Sanity content with `${ your_favorite_framework }` Next.js Tanstack Start React Router React Vite Svelte Nuxt Angular Astro Remix Bun Laravel .NET Electron Hydrogen Vue Eleventy Ember Express Fresh Gatsby htmx Typescript Meteor Nest Node React Native Redwood ❤ jQuery ❤ Solid …or whichever one is coming next. Our JavaScript client uses web standards to run anywhere …and it comes in other flavors too. Vercel Netlify Cloudflare Deno Deploy Forge Azure AWS Google Cloud deploy content-driven apps and functions anywhere Templates → All templates Get started, faster Next.js Next.js template Astro Astro template Remix Remix template Nuxt Nuxt template SvelteKit SvelteKit template Angular Angular template Customers → Read more stories Trusted by the most innovative teams Innovative brands build fast, scalable solutions with Sanity's Content Operating System There are so many exciting combinations that PUMA can create with Sanity. Now that we have a structure, it’s infinitely scalable. Bettina Donmez E-Commerce Platform Development  @ PUMA → Read the PUMA story We use Sanity to power a lot of content across our public website, including the docs and changelog. It works well from an engineering perspective: using the same source for both our public website and in-app updates means we maintain content consistency without duplicating work. Paco Coursey Webmaster @ Linear Because our homegrown CMS was supporting the lowest common denominator (email newsletters), if we wanted to create a web version we’d have to create an entirely new version of the content. Emily Diamond SVP, Head of Product → Read the Morning Brew story PUMA Morning Brew For developers, creators, and product owners Sanity gives you the power to create, scale, and ship content-driven experiences—your way, without limits. Developers Content Creators Product Owners Business Leaders Builders and creators love Sanity → Read G2 reviews “Sanity has given us a clean slate and the opportunity to have our content platform match how the entire organization is thinking about content.” Emily Diamond SVP, Head of Product, Morning Brew Less talk, more code Start from scratch with docs, pick up a template, or work through free guided courses. Templates Have a Sanity powered app up and running in minutes with best-practice templates. Docs Understand core concepts, and explore a variety of resources to help you get the most from Sanity. Learn: Day One with Sanity In this course, you'll set up a Sanity Studio from scratch. Create content types, query, and render. Say goodbye to limitations. 
Just build it your way. Start in minutes. It’s free. Get started now Contact sales Join our community on Discord Subscribe to our newsletter Products Sanity Studio Media Library Canvas Content Agent Content Releases Insights App SDK Content Lake Live CDN Compute Agent Actions AI Assist Use cases Resources Docs Sanity 101 Sanity Learn Tools and plugins Frameworks Templates Schemas and snippets Guides Headless CMS explained Resource library Explainers Enterprise CMS guides Headless CMS Guides Enhancing your CMS with AI Compare Sanity Glossary Pricing Company Contact Blog Shop Events Careers Changelog Customer Stories Agency Partners Technology Partners Trust and compliance Privacy policy Terms of service Accessibility statement Transparency statement Security and compliance Open Source Pledge Cookie preferences Keep in touch © SANITY 2025 OSL, NOR (CET) SFO, USA (PST) Loading system status... Change Site Theme Light mode System theme Dark mode