Cybersecurity Degree and Certificate Programs | SANS Technology Institute homepage Call Open menu Request Info Apply Now Go one level top Academics Overview Bachelor’s Degree Undergraduate Certificates Master’s Degree Graduate Certificates Faculty Course Delivery Career Center Women in Cybersecurity Launch Your Cybersecurity Career Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Course Waivers Bachelor’s Transfer Credit Student Veterans International Students Single Course Request Information Sessions Frequently Asked Questions Tuition/Funding Overview Student Veterans Tuition Payment Program Step Up Payment Program Corporate Tuition Assistance Federal Education Benefits Canadian Funding Options External Cybersecurity Scholarships International Students Students Overview Awards Career Center Center for Cybersecurity Women in Cybersecurity Success Stories Alumni Cyber Research Overview Cybersecurity Research Papers About Overview Mission Statement Governance Accreditation & Authorization Partnerships Retention & Graduation Data Student Consumer Information +1 301.241.7665 Request Info Apply Now SANS Sites SANS Institute Internet Storm Center Search Discover the Best Cybersecurity Degree and Certificate Programs Whether you're just getting started in cybersecurity or you're a seasoned InfoSec professional, SANS.edu gives you the skills you need to advance and the GIAC certifications to prove it. Cybersecurity is all we teach — and nobody does it better.

SANS.edu is proud to be an NSA Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense. Request Info Apply Now Cybersecurity Is All We Teach Unlock opportunities at every stage of your cybersecurity career. No other college matches the depth and breadth of our hands-on, state-of-the-art cybersecurity courses — or offers industry-recognized GIAC certifications with every program. Cybersecurity Fundamentals Certificate Gain the skills and confidence to pursue our more technical upper division undergraduate programs. Applied Cybersecurity Certificate Prepare to launch a high-paying cybersecurity career at any age with just four hands-on courses. Applied Cybersecurity Certificate Bachelor's Degree Transfer your college credits to SANS.edu and become one of the most job-ready candidates in cybersecurity. Learn More Graduate Certificates Advance your InfoSec career through technically focused sets of courses that sharpen job-specific skills. Graduate Certificates Master's Degree Take your InfoSec career to the highest levels — developing both hands-on technical skills and the ability to lead. Learn More Cybersecurity Education, Rebuilt for the Real World Not education as usual. Education that works. Traditional colleges teach about cybersecurity. At the SANS Technology Institute, you do cybersecurity, guided by experts who live it every day. Our practitioner-led programs skip outdated theory and focus on the hands-on skills, real-world experience, and certifications that matter in the field right now. Discover the SANS.edu Advantage Explore Alumni Outcomes SANS.edu Named One of the Top 10 Innovators in Cybersecurity Education The SANS Technology Institute has been recognized as a global leader in cybersecurity education by Help Net Security , joining the ranks of top institutions like Stanford, MIT, Carnegie Mellon and Oxford. Read the Help Net Security Article SANS.edu Is Designated as a Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense by the NSA “The CAE-CD designation is a testament to the quality of our cybersecurity faculty and programs. Our graduates are helping to meet the urgent cybersecurity needs of the U.S. government, industry, academia, and research, and we are proud to be part of a select group of cyber programs to have received this important designation.” - Ed Skoudis, SANS Technology Institute President Read the Press Release Learn About the National Centers of Academic Excellence in Cybersecurity Explore the Data Behind Our Graduates’ Success The Alumni Outcomes Report highlights how SANS Technology Institute graduates are launching and advancing cybersecurity careers with high satisfaction, strong ROI, and real-world impact. Read the Report Meet the First Paller Scholars The first cohort Paller Cybersecurity Scholarship winners exemplify the mission of our scholarship program to identify exceptionally talented international students (non-US citizens) who are committed to making the world a safer place through cybersecurity.

Each of the Paller Scholars selected in January 2024 was awarded a full scholarship to a SANS Technology Institute graduate program. Catalin Bejan Romania

Initially drawn to cybersecurity by hacker films, cybersecurity analyst Catalin Bejan looks forward to gaining leadership and advanced technical skills, as well as 9 GIAC certifications, as a Paller Scholar. Read More Akin Bello Nigeria

Security Analyst Akin Bello, who aims to hone both the soft skills and hands-on skills required for success in cybersecurity, is excited about learning from diverse perspectives and mentoring emerging talent. Read More Michał Bełzak Poland

Pen tester and red teamer Michał Bełzak pursued the Paller Cybersecurity Scholarship for the chance to get a top-tier education, challenge himself, and prepare to make contributions in research and education. Read More Ana Maria Bogdan Romania

Cyber Risk and Security Manager Ana Maria Bogdan seeks to make meaningful contributions to cybersecurity research and to support others in entering, transitioning within, or advancing their careers in cybersecurity. Read More Vivian Boisabi Kenya

Application Security Specialist Vivian Boisabi became a Paller Scholar to enhance her skills in ethical hacking, risk management, and advanced cybersecurity techniques to protect global cyber infrastructures. Read More Mark Lester Dampios Philippines

Pen tester Mark Lester Dampios aspires to excel in presentations, ensuring his audience fully comprehends his ideas, and to share cybersecurity knowledge both locally and internationally. Read More Ruta Punka Latvia

Information Security Specialist Ruta Punka transitioned to cybersecurity from a career in law and became a Paller Scholar because she values diversity, continuous learning, and a shared commitment to making a positive impact. Read More Elena Revzina Latvia

Cybersecurity Engineer Elena Revzina pursued a Paller Cybersecurity Scholarship to refine her analytical skills and deepen her expertise in threat analysis. Read More SANS.edu Sentinels Excel at Fall 2025 NCL Competition Facing off against more than 7,800 students and over 1,200 teams across the country, the SANS.edu Sentinels delivered another standout performance, confirming their reputation as leaders in collegiate cybersecurity. #1 Power Ranking in the Experienced Student bracket #1, #2, and #4 Individual Players in the Experienced Student bracket #3 Team in the Experienced Student bracket 5 teams in the Top 100 of the Standard Student bracket 10 teams in the Top 100 of the Experienced Student bracket 30% of the Top 100 Individual Players were SANS.edu Sentinels in the Experienced Student bracket Read the Press Release SANS.edu Sentinels Earn 2nd Place in the NSA Codebreaker Challenge Congratulations to the SANS.edu Sentinels for finishing in second place out of 572 registered schools in the National Security Agency’s 2024 Codebreaker Challenge. SANS.edu led the competition with five students completing all tasks, more than any other participating college. Read the Press Release NEW: Research Review Journal Volume 5 Explore the latest research from SANS.edu graduate students — professionals on the front lines of cybersecurity — tackling today’s toughest threats across AI, cloud security, digital forensics, zero trust, malware detection, and more. Download the Journal Join us for a free online info session to learn more. See All Info Sessions The SANS.edu Advantage Because cyber threats are constantly changing, our courses are continually updated for real-world relevance. But that's just the beginning. GIAC Certifications Earn professional certifications employers recognize and respect in each of our programs. World-class Faculty Learn the latest skills and techniques from the world's top cybersecurity practitioners. 100% Online Option You have the option of completing our programs through live or rewindable online courses. Flexible Schedule Our programs are designed to fit into your busy life and work schedule. Powerful Network Make connections with some of the most talented students and teachers in the industry. Learn from the Best SANS Technology Institute faculty members are rock stars of the cybersecurity field, with a broad base of expertise in government and industry. Their up-to-date examples and deep knowledge ensure that what you learn in class will be useful immediately on the job. 100% Every member of the SANS.edu faculty is a highly skilled professional currently working in cybersecurity. 150+ More than 150 open source cybersecurity tools have been created by SANS Faculty. 40+ SANS faculty members have authored more than 40 books on information security. 3.5K+ SANS faculty members have produced more than 3,500 research papers and webcasts on information security topics. SANS Courses and GIAC Certifications Cybersecurity employers send more than 40,000 of their employees to pursue SANS courses and GIAC certifications each year, confirming the value they see in up-to-date, real-world SANS courses and in the skills validation of GIAC certifications. These are the same courses and certifications you’ll complete at SANS.edu — with support from a student advisor, for college credit, at SANS.edu academic pricing. Hands-on Courses with Proven Results SANS courses are continually updated for real-world relevance and feature more than 1,700 hands-on labs, so you’ll be prepared to apply the skills you learn in class on the job from day one. Certifications Ranked #1 Cybersecurity professionals ranked GIAC certifications as the most valued certifications when selecting job candidates for interviews. (Source: cio.org)

Students earn GIAC certifications, along with their degree or certificate, as part of every SANS.edu program. Course Delivery Options Your mind has no borders. Why should your college? Our online and in-person course options are designed to fit your life and how you like to learn. (Note that the Cybersecurity Fundamentals Certificate is a 100% online program.) OnDemand Our most flexible option gives you 24/7 access to online courses recorded by top cybersecurity practitioners. You can rewind and repeat content, including hands-on labs, quizzes, and exercises. Live Online Study from home — and save on travel and lodging expenses — through live, interactive scheduled online courses with SANS instructors and hands-on labs in a virtual environment. In-Person Immersive weeklong courses with hands-on labs are held across the country and around the world throughout the year. Meet fellow students and instructors and have the chance to attend special events, NetWars, vendor presentations, and more. Success Stories The SANS Technology Institute prepares some of the brightest minds in cybersecurity for lasting careers that make a meaningful difference. See why these students chose SANS.edu for their cybersecurity education and what they're up to now. Loveona Jones Loveona Jones completed the Undergraduate Certificate in Applied Cybersecurity during her senior year at a different college. Learn how she got her start in cybersecurity and won prestigious internships with the U.S. Department of State and a Fortune 500 company. Read More Cody Williams Cody Williams completed the Undergraduate Certificate in Applied Cybersecurity in just under a year and landed his first cybersecurity job before completing the program. See why Cody thinks there’s a place for everybody in cybersecurity, particularly for those who fear having a boring desk job. Read More Cathy Sowa Cathy Sowa made a mid-career change to cybersecurity. Discover how this former middle school teacher and adjunct professor gained the skills and confidence to enter the cybersecurity field. Read More Will Green Will Green's talent for cybersecurity capture the flag (CTF) competitions earned him a place on the US Cyber Team. Discover his tips for aspiring CTF competitors and cybersecurity professionals. Read More Kaela Manger Kaela Manger chose the bachelor’s degree program at SANS.edu to gain skills that would enhance her value as an information security professional and to secure highly valued GIAC certifications. Read More Jesse LaGrew Between completing his bachelor’s degree at SANS.edu and starting the SANS master's degree program, Jesse LaGrew was named Chief Information Security Officer of his organization and helped the SANS.edu Sentinels win the National Cyber League competition. Read More Shawna Turner Shawna Turner earned a master's from SANS.edu while working full time at Nike, so online course options and the ability to adjust her schedule to her life needs were critical to her success. Discover how this former theater tech transformed herself into a cybersecurity subject matter expert. Read More Karim Lalji Karim Lalji, Senior Manager and North America Penetration Testing Lead for Accenture, considered other cybersecurity master's programs, but found them too theoretical. He chose SANS.edu because it was the “gold standard,” but was still blown away by the depth of knowledge provided. Learn more about Karim’s story. Read More Richard “Rick” Halsell Jr. Richard “Rick” Halsell Jr. defended the Army against network breaches and today is Principal Security Program Manager at Microsoft. Learn about his career journey and see why this master's degree holder chose to pursue two graduate certificates at SANS.edu. Read More SANS.edu Programs are DoD 8140 Approved If you're a Department of Defense (DoD) employee or contractor who wants to earn a career-focused cybersecurity degree or certificate, our DoD 8140 approved college programs can open new doors of opportunity. US Department of Defense 8140 Cyber Workforce Qualification Program DoD 8140 establishes baseline standards for qualifications that directly support operational needs and workforce readiness. All DoD personnel assigned to positions requiring the performance of cyberspace work are affected by DoD 8140. Service members DoD civilian employees (including non-appropriated fund employees) Contractors Foreign nationals Learn more about DoD 8140 "SANS courses are fully aligned to what is happening in the industry. Course materials are continuously updated based on new developments in cybersecurity. It is rigorous, challenging, and relevant." - Karim Lalji, Senior Manager and North America Penetration Testing Lead, Accenture Take Your Next Step Need more information? We’re happy to answer your questions. Join us for an info session , email info@sans.edu or call 301.241.7665 . Ready to apply? We look forward to learning about you and your cybersecurity career goals. Request Info Apply Now Our Grads Get Hired Our alumni work for organizations large and small, including Fortune 500 companies, military and government organizations, and leading cybersecurity firms. Here are just a few. Accenture Discover Financial Services Northrop Grumman Adobe Dragos OpenSecurity Akamai Epic Oracle Alert Logic Expel Prudential Amazon EY PwC Aon Cyber Solutions Facebook Raytheon Apple Inc Fortra Red Canary Artic Wolf Networks Highmark Health Rendition Infosec Bank of America IBM RSA Blizzard Entertainment JHU/APL SAIC Boeing Jigsaw Google Salesforce Booz Allen Hamilton JPMorgan Chase Sandia National Laboratories CACI KBR SixGen Capital One KPMG Symantec Cisco Mantech Synack Coalfire Mastercard Tanium Coretelligent Microsoft Verizon CrowdStrike MITRE Walmart Deloitte NIST Wells Fargo Bank Student Reviews Previous Next The decision to choose a master's degree from SANS.edu was the best one I have ever made. This transformed me into a true cybersecurity professional. Viswanath Srinivasan Chirravuri Software Security Director - Thales DIS USA SANS.edu made the difference between my being an unemployed college graduate and a well-compensated cyber professional. Cody Williams Cybersecurity Analyst III, Security Automation - Sutter Health SANS gives you both the technical knowledge and the soft skills to persuade and convince an audience. It offers the highest quality technical security training on the planet. Michael H. Matthee Principal Application Security Engineer Questions? We're happy to help.
Email info@sans.edu or call 301.241.7665. Request Info Apply Now Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Admissions Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information © 2025 The Escal Institute of Advanced Technologies, Inc. d/b/a SANS Institute. Our Terms and Conditions detail our trademark and copyright rights. Any
        unauthorized use is expressly prohibited. Twitter Facebook Youtube LinkedIn