Financing for a New or Pre-Owned Car, Truck, or SUV Skip to content FAQs Log In FAQs Log In Car Buying Tools Buy vs lease Shop with Drive® Find a dealership Finance calculators Customer Resources Payment options Claims and insurance Titles Contact us Learning Center Media Articles About Us Our story Community Foundation Press room For Dealers Dealer benefits Drive Together™ Dealer Portal Dealer contact info Partner with us Dealer FAQs A leader in auto finance Providing consumers with financing for new and used vehicles, helping them on the road to car ownership and financial well-being. Log in to MyAccount Payment options FAQs Payment options FAQs Pre-qualify * with Drive ® At Drive ® , a Santander product, you can get pre-qualified for cars in two minutes with no impact to your credit score. Get tips, calculators and resources at every step so you can go to the dealership with confidence. Find a car that fits your  budget and let’s drive. Get pre-qualified! Proud to be a preferred lender for major brands and vehicle manufacturers. Easy ways to pay Choose from quick and convenient payment options, including Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal and Venmo. Make a payment Access your account anytime, anywhere with MyAccount Manage, plan and track what is most important to you, 24/7. Take me to MyAccount The roadmap to your dream car Set your budget Use our car budget calculator to estimate your monthly payments. Budget calculator Get pre-qualified Get pre-qualified through Drive and find the right vehicle for you. Pre-qualify Shop Insurify Compare insurance quotes from top-rated companies with Insurify.** Shop insurance *Pre-qualification subject to approval. Final credit terms are subject to change based on submittal of a credit application at a participating dealer, which may impact your credit. **Insurance products and services described are offered by Insurify Insurance Agency, Inc., not Santander Consumer USA Inc. or its affiliates. Insurify will help you to arrange your insurance needs with selected insurance carriers. Customers of Santander Consumer USA Inc. are not required to purchase an insurance policy through Insurify or any specific insurance company in connection with their auto loan or lease, and your choice of agent or insurer shall not affect any credit decision or credit terms except as related to the credit worthiness of the insurer and the scope of coverage. Insurify may compensate Santander Insurance Agency US LLC if you sign up for insurance through Insurify. Insurify Insurance Agency, Inc. is a licensed insurance agency in 50 states and DC. FAQs Log In Car Buying Tools Buy vs lease Shop with Drive® Find a dealership Finance calculators Customer Resources Payment options Claims and insurance Titles Contact us Learning Center Media Articles About Us Our story Community Foundation Press room For Dealers Dealer benefits Drive Together™ Dealer Portal Dealer contact info Partner with us Dealer FAQs Welcome guide Lease-end guide Corporate Culture Insurify Investors Careers Servicemembers Civil Relief Act Terms and Conditions State Licenses Accessibility Privacy Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Twitter Instagram © 2025 Santander Consumer USA Inc. All rights reserved. NMLS ID 4239 . Santander, Santander Consumer, the Flame Logo, RoadLoans and Drive are trademarks of Banco Santander, S.A. or its subsidiaries in the United States or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Powered by WordPress VIP