E-learning platform | Santander Open Academy Carousel autoplay The e-learning and training platform you need for further growth Courses, content, and scholarships at no cost Open to everyone, whether or not you bank with Santander You only need to be over 16 and register Start exploring Start exploring Open until 31/12/2025 Santander Course | High-Performance Leadership: Lessons from F1® Accelerate your leadership with lessons from Formula 1® - lead under pressure, decide fast, and manage time like a paddock pro More information More information Open until 31/12/2025 Learn how to improve your productivity using AI Santander Course Google: Artificial Intelligence and Productivity More information More information Open until 31/12/2025 Take advantage of storytelling in the era of digital marketing Santander Course Digital Marketing by The University of Chicago More information More information The training you need to keep growing Courses, content, and scholarships, at no cost to you. Without having to be a bank customer. More information More information Discover the most outstanding learning and professional development offer More than 1,000 courses, content, and scholarships to help you get the skills you need to access better opportunities Top 10 News What will you find at Santander Open Academy? Free training in the skills most in demand by the labor market Limited access courses Limited access courses On demand courses On demand courses Scholarships Scholarships Contents Contents Sobre nosotros Transforming lives through training and professional development Santander Open Academy is Santander's non-profit initiative that will help you obtain the training you need to access better professional opportunities. About us +2.200 million euros invested 27 years of support to education, employability and entrepreneurship programs +1M people and businesses helped We resolve your questions Why have you switched to Santander Open Academy? What is the difference from Santander Scholarships? Santander Open Academy was created with the aim of providing the training you need to access better job opportunities. Our global learning and professional development platform offers courses, content, and scholarships from leading universities and institutions, free of charge and to anyone. You will still be able to apply for scholarships, but also access free courses and content any time and from anywhere. What is the difference between courses, content, and scholarships? We offer scholarships to support your university studies, mobility, internships or research. We also offer high-quality courses with direct access or with a selection process. And to complete the offer, content on different topics, such as languages, technology, skills or sustainability. How does the change to Santander Open Academy affect the programmes I am enrolled in? The change to Santander Open Academy will not affect any of the current opportunities offered on the platform, everything remains the same. The same applies if you have already been selected for a scholarship or programme. See more questions