Santa Fe New Mexican homepage | Santa Fe New Mexico daily news, sports, arts & culture news Skip to main content Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local News Issues In Focus Newsletters Business Elections Legislature Adventure Education Corrections Health & Science Nation & World Weather Sports High School Lobos Opinion Pasatiempo Art Books Calendar Columns Movies Music Performance Restaurants Obituaries Multimedia Photos & Video Podcasts Life Adventure Submit Announcements Taste Teen Celebrations Community Galleries Classifieds Animals Announcements & Notices Automotive Finance Garage Sales Legal Notices Marketplace Obituaries Place an Ad Real Estate Recreational Rentals Service Directory Real Estate Featured Listings Home Magazine Home Jobs Career opportunities at The New Mexican Legals User Info Newsletters Subscriber Benefits Sponsored 26° e-Edition | App | Archive | Advertise | SFNM INK | Calendar | News Tips | Contact | Distribute | Help Menu Search Site search Search Log In My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved Items Subscribe Manage Subscription Log Out Subscribe Manage Subscription Home News Local News Issues In Focus Newsletters Business Elections Legislature Adventure Education Corrections Health & Science Nation & World Weather Sports High School Lobos Opinion Pasatiempo Art Books Calendar Columns Movies Music Performance Restaurants Obituaries Multimedia Photos & Video Podcasts Life Adventure Submit Announcements Taste Teen Celebrations Community Galleries Classifieds Animals Announcements & Notices Automotive Finance Garage Sales Legal Notices Marketplace Obituaries Place an Ad Real Estate Recreational Rentals Service Directory Real Estate Featured Listings Home Magazine Home Jobs Career opportunities at The New Mexican Legals User Info Newsletters Subscriber Benefits Sponsored 'Honest and open': New Santa Fe Mayor Michael Garcia outlines big goals for city “Much of the work ahead will take time to accomplish,” Garcia told the crowd at his inauguration. “But I am confident that we will get it done together.” Santa Fe Mayor-elect Michael Garcia names fire chief to be interim city manager View the Pasatiempo calendar Lawmakers to try different remedies to address record level of violent juvenile crime “Nobody in their right mind can argue that juvenile violent crime is going in the right direction,” Bernalillo County District Attorney Sam Bregman said in an interview. Amid fear of gun violence, New Mexico school districts turn to tech Republican New Mexican lawmakers plan push for tougher juvenile crime laws High Desert Table Flip into 2026 with the best eggnog ever Baking Above It All Start the new year sweet and easy: Cinnamon roll cake Moments that moved us: 'New Mexican' reporters reflect on stories with impact in 2025 New year brings new batch of New Mexico laws At least eight bills passed during the regular 2025 session and signed into law by the governor will go into effect Jan. 1. How notable legislation fared in the 2025 session 'We're not moving bills very fast': Governor raises concerns as lawmakers race to the finish New Mexico to receive $211.5 million in federal rural health care funds After unprecedented success as AD, Fernando Lovo leaves UNM for Colorado Santa Fe Public Library hopes to boost Spanish-language materials, programming in 2026 The New Mexican's Podcasts Conversations Different Opinion Page Editor Inez Russell Gomez interviews the interesting people and newsmakers of New Mexico. New episodes each Tuesday. Around the Roundhouse Lead politics reporter Daniel Chacón highlights the policies, politics and personalities of the Land of Enchantment each Friday. The New Mexican Sports Den Will Webber and James Barron discuss the Lobos and prep sports, and interview local sports figures. New episodes on Wednesdays. Latest episodes Jury's out a little too often: Judge 'stepping up enforcement' against no shows The judge said he's cracking down on the "unacceptable" rate of jury duty no-shows he's seeing in his Santa Fe courtroom. Tin Zia, live music, face painting and more: Santa Fe Plaza ready to ring in the New Year This year, the entertainment will begin at 7 p.m. thanks to a grant that allowed the Kiwanis Club to hire more bands. Business Dispatches: New Santa Fe restaurant/bar plans opening in January A long-planned African-Caribbean restaurant and bar in a shopping center off St. Michael’s Drive is close to becoming a reality, with co-owner Djibril Sylla saying the… Santa Fe nonprofit Cornerstones awarded $750K grant for preservation projects in 7 counties The money will be regranted to organizations in Torrance, San Miguel, Mora, Colfax, Taos and Rio Arriba counties, and rural Santa Fe County. Family Court Judge Shannon Broderick Bulman to retire in new year Bulman heard a range of cases, including those involving child custody, divorce, kinship guardianship and domestic violence. Man arrested after gunfire at Santa Cruz Country Store in Española Police allege Benjamin Angelo Maestas-Herrera, 43, was firing rounds at passing vehicles outside Santa Cruz Country Store. 'Crazy warm': New year but same above-normal temps coming to New Mexico this week Contrasting with Monday's cool temperatures, Tuesday will bring most of the state back to above-normal temperatures. OPINION Our View Be like Santa Fe: Diverse, respectful and united Letters to the Editor Pass Fix Our Forests Act to benefit New Mexico Our View A new era dawns, with thanks for service Letters to the Editor Tackle malpractice to improve health care access Letters to the Editor Sticker shock at the pharmacy: Sign of the times? My View Cyril Christo Whales carry message humanity must heed My View Jake barrow Moe leaves behind a legacy of stewardship Letters to the Editor A new year, a new mayor and new opportunities Letters to the Editor My View: Reader Op-ed Contribute to Opinion Page Local Columns Latest updates Heavily redacted reports provide some new details on homeless man's killing in Santa Fe Lawmakers to try different remedies to address record level of violent juvenile crime 'Honest and open': New Santa Fe Mayor Michael Garcia outlines big goals for city New year brings new batch of New Mexico laws Stu Clark Tournament Pecos to play Valencia for title after 63-41 win over West Las Vegas More news Empty Stocking Fund, Dec. 31, 2025 County awards grants to 20 local businesses to promote growth Advertisement COLUMNISTS Ringside Seat Quirks await on the '26 campaign trail High Desert Table Flip into 2026 with the best eggnog ever Baking Above It All Start the new year sweet and easy: Cinnamon roll cake Business Different Shift to nonprofit opens doors to new growth MOST POPULAR Articles Images Videos Articles Federal judge rules in favor of lawsuit filed by New Mexico, 15 other states to restore mental health funding Pasa Plus, local events for Dec. 26-28 Northern New Mexico firewood vendors say the hard work is still profitable Some short-term rental owners hit with criminal charges as Santa Fe County ramps up enforcement Federal appeals court won't rehear argument on New Mexico's 7-day wait for gun purchases 'Condé Nast Traveler' readers name Santa Fe America's eighth-best food city 'A lot of prayer': Alcalde matachin dancers carry on New Mexico tradition Man arrested after gunfire at Santa Cruz Country Store in Española Gallery: Scenes from Canyon Road's annual Farolito Walk How Vince Gilligan Built a Creative Hollywood Family Rooted in Quirky Albuquerque Images Videos THE eNEWMEXICAN Subscribe to read The New Mexican online just like in print. Already a subscriber? Log in. Previous Next Recent Galleries +11 Gallery: Santa Fe welcomes new Mayor, City Counselors Gallery: Santa Fe welcomes new Mayor, City Counselors +40 2025 Through the Lens: Photos by Jim Weber 2025 Through the Lens: Photos by Jim Weber +21 2025 Through the Lens: Photos by Gabriela Campos 2025 Through the Lens: Photos by Gabriela Campos High Schools UNM Lobos Sports +4 Stu Clark Tournament Pecos to play Valencia for title after 63-41 win over West Las Vegas UNM basketball Lobos 3-point shooting poor in 62-53 road loss to Boise State UNM sports Lobos name interim athletic director NFL Patriots receiver Diggs faces strangulation charge CFP quarterfinals Rested or rusty? Top four seeds eager to show they are ready Art Books Movies Opera Restaurants Pasatiempo Business +2 Business Dispatches: New Santa Fe restaurant/bar plans opening in January Business Different Shift to nonprofit opens doors to new growth Santa Fe nonprofit Cornerstones awarded $750K grant for preservation projects in 7 counties County awards grants to 20 local businesses to promote growth Realtors group president leads new Santa Fe office of The Agency Nation & World Education Federal judge rules in favor of lawsuit filed by New Mexico, 15 other states to restore mental health funding UNM faculty union reaches impasse, mediation amid disagreements with administration Smartboard, Dec. 29, 2025 Taos school officials discuss 'right-sizing' proposed new middle school Education standouts, Dec. 29, 2025 Adventure Generation Next +7 Movies The great cinematic resurgence of 2025 In Mexico City and beyond, faith and tradition in honor of the Virgin of Guadalupe Music The eery alt-pop evolution of Ethel Cain The wide world of winter holidays Gift-giving made easy Taste Home +7 (One of) The Last of the Great Adobes My Favorite Room A quiet living room is where artist Ivan Barnett journals to explore possibilities News from SFAR: Remodeling? Let’s Review Rey’s Real(i)ty Check: The Year Behind/Ahead Mortgage Matters: The Gift That Keeps Giving: Santa Fe Homeownership and the 2026 Mortgage Outlook FEATURES SUBSCRIBE! Sections Santa Fe New Mexican homepage News Sports Opinion Pasatiempo Magazines Life Multimedia Podcasts Commenting FAQ Services Place Classified Ad Subscriber Services Center Subscriptions Submission Forms Featured Ads SFNM INK Ad Rates Marketplace Work at The New Mexican Contact Information Circulation Office Hours - 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. santafenewmexican.com P.O. Box 2048 Santa Fe, NM 87504-2048 Phone: 505-983-3303 Email: webeditor@sfnewmexican.com Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Copyright © The Santa Fe New Mexican | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe Special Offers & Promotions Subscribe Back × Log In You are logged in Switch accounts Secure transaction. Cancel anytime. Back × Sign Up Account processing issue - the email address may already exist User information Username (Optional) This is the name that will be used to identify you within the system. Choose wisely! * First name * Last name Your real name will be displayed next to your photo for comments, blog posts, and more! * Email Address Your email address will be used to confirm your account. We won't share it with anyone else. * Password Create a password that only you will remember. If you forget it, you'll be able to recover it using your email address. * Confirm Password Confirm your password. Mailing lists Join our mailing lists WELCOME welcome email Morning Headlines Receive a list of headlines from the latest edition of The New Mexican in your inbox every morning. The Weekend On Saturdays, get a preview of The New Mexican's big Sunday stories and review highlights from the week. Breaking News Stay informed of the latest local news by receiving emails as soon as news is posted online. Roundhouse Report Stay up to date with news from the Capitol during the legislative session, and follow New Mexico politics throughout the year. Adventure A guide to outdoors opportunities and profiles on peoples' connections with places, delivered every other Monday. Business Beat Keep up with what's going on in the local business scene, every Tuesday. Conversations Different Receive the latest episode of "Conversations Different" in your inbox every Tuesday. Earth, Wind and Fire Taking the temperature of New Mexico's environmental issues. In the Huddle Get updates on the Lobos, local prep sports and more every Wednesday. Offers and Promos Contests and special offers from The Santa Fe New Mexican and advertising partners. Select All / None CAPTCHA Create Account Have an account? Log In × You're all set! Thank you . Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in. Check your email for details. OK Back × Log In Invalid password or account does not exist Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Log In Email me a log in link Admin login Subscribe Need an account? Sign Up Back × Reset Password Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password. Email or Screen Name CAPTCHA Reset Password × Forgot Password An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account. Back × Email me a log in link Account Email CAPTCHA Send Email Back × Promotional Offers Enter Promo Code Redeem No promotional rates found. Back × Purchase Gift Purchase Access × An error occurred × Secure & Encrypted What's your email address? Email Password Confirm password What's your name? First name Last name Who is this gift for? Recipient name Recipient email Optional message for the recipient Who is this gift from? Purchaser name Purchaser email Delivery date Delivery date What's your billing location? State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific Armed Forces Europe Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands American Samoa Federated States of Micronesia Guam Palau Alberta, Canada British Columbia, Canada Manitoba, Canada New Brunswick, Canada Newfoundland, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Northwest Territories, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ontario, Canada Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Saskatchewan, Canada Yukon Territory, Canada Zip Code Country United States of America US Virgin Islands United States Minor Outlying Islands Canada Mexico, United Mexican States Bahamas, Commonwealth of the Cuba, Republic of Dominican Republic Haiti, Republic of Jamaica Afghanistan Albania, People's Socialist Republic of Algeria, People's Democratic Republic of American Samoa Andorra, Principality of Angola, Republic of Anguilla Antarctica (the territory South of 60 deg S) Antigua and Barbuda Argentina, Argentine Republic Armenia Aruba Australia, Commonwealth of Austria, Republic of Azerbaijan, Republic of Bahrain, Kingdom of Bangladesh, People's Republic of Barbados Belarus Belgium, Kingdom of Belize Benin, People's Republic of Bermuda Bhutan, Kingdom of Bolivia, Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana, Republic of Bouvet Island (Bouvetoya) Brazil, Federative Republic of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago) British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria, People's Republic of Burkina Faso Burundi, Republic of Cambodia, Kingdom of Cameroon, United Republic of Cape Verde, Republic of Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad, Republic of Chile, Republic of China, People's Republic of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia, Republic of Comoros, Union of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, People's Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica, Republic of Cote D'Ivoire, Ivory Coast, Republic of the Cyprus, Republic of Czech Republic Denmark, Kingdom of Djibouti, Republic of Dominica, Commonwealth of Ecuador, Republic of Egypt, Arab Republic of El Salvador, Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Republic of Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji, Republic of the Fiji Islands Finland, Republic of France, French Republic French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon, Gabonese Republic Gambia, Republic of the Georgia Germany Ghana, Republic of Gibraltar Greece, Hellenic Republic Greenland Grenada Guadaloupe Guam Guatemala, Republic of Guinea, Revolutionary
People's Rep'c of Guinea-Bissau, Republic of Guyana, Republic of Heard and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras, Republic of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of China Hrvatska (Croatia) Hungary, Hungarian People's Republic Iceland, Republic of India, Republic of Indonesia, Republic of Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq, Republic of Ireland Israel, State of Italy, Italian Republic Japan Jordan, Hashemite Kingdom of Kazakhstan, Republic of Kenya, Republic of Kiribati, Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait, State of Kyrgyz Republic Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon, Lebanese Republic Lesotho, Kingdom of Liberia, Republic of Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein, Principality of Lithuania Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Macao, Special Administrative Region of China Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar, Republic of Malawi, Republic of Malaysia Maldives, Republic of Mali, Republic of Malta, Republic of Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania, Islamic Republic of Mauritius Mayotte Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco, Principality of Mongolia, Mongolian People's Republic Montserrat Morocco, Kingdom of Mozambique, People's Republic of Myanmar Namibia Nauru, Republic of Nepal, Kingdom of Netherlands Antilles Netherlands, Kingdom of the New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua, Republic of Niger, Republic of the Nigeria, Federal Republic of Niue, Republic of Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway, Kingdom of Oman, Sultanate of Pakistan, Islamic Republic of Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama, Republic of Papua New Guinea Paraguay, Republic of Peru, Republic of Philippines, Republic of the Pitcairn Island Poland, Polish People's Republic Portugal, Portuguese Republic Puerto Rico Qatar, State of Reunion Romania, Socialist Republic of Russian Federation Rwanda, Rwandese Republic Samoa, Independent State of San Marino, Republic of Sao Tome and Principe, Democratic Republic of Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of Senegal, Republic of Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles, Republic of Sierra Leone, Republic of Singapore, Republic of Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia, Somali Republic South Africa, Republic of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain, Spanish State Sri Lanka, Democratic Socialist Republic of St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan, Democratic Republic of the Suriname, Republic of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland, Kingdom of Sweden, Kingdom of Switzerland, Swiss Confederation Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand, Kingdom of Timor-Leste, Democratic Republic of Togo, Togolese Republic Tokelau (Tokelau Islands) Tonga, Kingdom of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of Tunisia, Republic of Turkey, Republic of Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda, Republic of Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain & N. Ireland Uruguay, Eastern Republic of Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam, Socialist Republic of Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia, Republic of Zimbabwe What's your delivery address? Copy billing location Address City State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific Armed Forces Europe Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands American Samoa Federated States of Micronesia Guam Palau Alberta, Canada British Columbia, Canada Manitoba, Canada New Brunswick, Canada Newfoundland, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Northwest Territories, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ontario, Canada Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Saskatchewan, Canada Yukon Territory, Canada Zip code Country United States of America US Virgin Islands United States Minor Outlying Islands Canada Mexico, United Mexican States Bahamas, Commonwealth of the Cuba, Republic of Dominican Republic Haiti, Republic of Jamaica Afghanistan Albania, People's Socialist Republic of Algeria, People's Democratic Republic of American Samoa Andorra, Principality of Angola, Republic of Anguilla Antarctica (the territory South of 60 deg S) Antigua and Barbuda Argentina, Argentine Republic Armenia Aruba Australia, Commonwealth of Austria, Republic of Azerbaijan, Republic of Bahrain, Kingdom of Bangladesh, People's Republic of Barbados Belarus Belgium, Kingdom of Belize Benin, People's Republic of Bermuda Bhutan, Kingdom of Bolivia, Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana, Republic of Bouvet Island (Bouvetoya) Brazil, Federative Republic of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago) British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria, People's Republic of Burkina Faso Burundi, Republic of Cambodia, Kingdom of Cameroon, United Republic of Cape Verde, Republic of Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad, Republic of Chile, Republic of China, People's Republic of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia, Republic of Comoros, Union of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, People's Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica, Republic of Cote D'Ivoire, Ivory Coast, Republic of the Cyprus, Republic of Czech Republic Denmark, Kingdom of Djibouti, Republic of Dominica, Commonwealth of Ecuador, Republic of Egypt, Arab Republic of El Salvador, Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Republic of Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji, Republic of the Fiji Islands Finland, Republic of France, French Republic French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon, Gabonese Republic Gambia, Republic of the Georgia Germany Ghana, Republic of Gibraltar Greece, Hellenic Republic Greenland Grenada Guadaloupe Guam Guatemala, Republic of Guinea, Revolutionary
People's Rep'c of Guinea-Bissau, Republic of Guyana, Republic of Heard and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras, Republic of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of China Hrvatska (Croatia) Hungary, Hungarian People's Republic Iceland, Republic of India, Republic of Indonesia, Republic of Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq, Republic of Ireland Israel, State of Italy, Italian Republic Japan Jordan, Hashemite Kingdom of Kazakhstan, Republic of Kenya, Republic of Kiribati, Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait, State of Kyrgyz Republic Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon, Lebanese Republic Lesotho, Kingdom of Liberia, Republic of Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein, Principality of Lithuania Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Macao, Special Administrative Region of China Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar, Republic of Malawi, Republic of Malaysia Maldives, Republic of Mali, Republic of Malta, Republic of Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania, Islamic Republic of Mauritius Mayotte Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco, Principality of Mongolia, Mongolian People's Republic Montserrat Morocco, Kingdom of Mozambique, People's Republic of Myanmar Namibia Nauru, Republic of Nepal, Kingdom of Netherlands Antilles Netherlands, Kingdom of the New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua, Republic of Niger, Republic of the Nigeria, Federal Republic of Niue, Republic of Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway, Kingdom of Oman, Sultanate of Pakistan, Islamic Republic of Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama, Republic of Papua New Guinea Paraguay, Republic of Peru, Republic of Philippines, Republic of the Pitcairn Island Poland, Polish People's Republic Portugal, Portuguese Republic Puerto Rico Qatar, State of Reunion Romania, Socialist Republic of Russian Federation Rwanda, Rwandese Republic Samoa, Independent State of San Marino, Republic of Sao Tome and Principe, Democratic Republic of Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of Senegal, Republic of Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles, Republic of Sierra Leone, Republic of Singapore, Republic of Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia, Somali Republic South Africa, Republic of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain, Spanish State Sri Lanka, Democratic Socialist Republic of St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan, Democratic Republic of the Suriname, Republic of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland, Kingdom of Sweden, Kingdom of Switzerland, Swiss Confederation Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand, Kingdom of Timor-Leste, Democratic Republic of Togo, Togolese Republic Tokelau (Tokelau Islands) Tonga, Kingdom of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of Tunisia, Republic of Turkey, Republic of Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda, Republic of Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain & N. Ireland Uruguay, Eastern Republic of Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam, Socialist Republic of Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia, Republic of Zimbabwe Phone Subtotal: Total: How would you like to pay? Add New Card I Agree to the Subscription Terms of Use. This service will be automatically renewed and your credit card billed once it nears expiration. Secure transaction. Secure transaction. Cancel anytime. × You're all set! Thank you . Your gift purchase was successful! Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in. A receipt was sent to your email. OK × An error occurred This offer is currently unavailable. Close