Online Bank Account | Personal Banking | Santander Bank - Santander
Login
Personal
 
Private Client
 
Small Business
 
Commercial
 
About Us
Find a Branch/ATM
Checking 
 
Savings & CDs
 
Credit Cards
 
Auto
 
Investing and Planning
 
Resources
The best financial tools and advice for every need.
Simple and secure personal banking available in person, online, or on your device.
Choose your checking account
Helping people bank smarter
Savings & CDs
that make it convenient to earn more as you save.
Checking
options for even easier everyday banking.
Credit cards
with a range of benefits and rewards.
Invest with confidence

Santander Investment Services* offers a wide range of solutions that provide the guidance you need to set investment goals and the tools you need to achieve them. Start working with a Financial Advisor today.
 
Start investing 
News and updates
Recognizing fraud- and how to fight back

See how Santander helps you take charge of your security.

Learn more 
Let's meet in person
 Schedule one-on-one time with a banker.
Book now
Santander mobile banking for anywhere convenience

Make Mobile Check Deposits, set up Alerts, manage cards, and more, all from the Santander Mobile Banking App. It’s the simplest, most secure way to manage your money on the go.

Download our highly-rated app

4.7 out of 5 Rating. Based on 379k ratings on the App Store as of 3/26/2025

 

Get started with one of our mobile app tutorials:

 Mobile Check Deposit
 Set up Alerts
 Manage cards



Scan QR code to open app.  

Freedom with
Santander PROTECHTION
Mobile and Online Banking with Santander PROTECHTION safeguards your information with several layers of technology.
Learn more
Santander® Private Client


A banking experience designed around your individual goals

Your dedicated Relationship Banker can provide you with access to our best rates on deposits, as well as preferred pricing on lending and investment products*.

Learn More
Community-oriented action

Our support for inclusive, sustainable growth helps customers and communities build paths to prosperity today, tomorrow, and for the future.

68,000+

Volunteer hours

$33.3M

Given in support to nonprofits

400+

nonprofits supported

Learn More
Find Us
Branches across the Northeast and in Miami, Florida, plus 2,000+ ATMs.
Find a branch
Book an appointment
*Securities and advisory services are offered through Santander Investment Services, a division of Santander Securities LLC. Santander Securities LLC is a registered broker-dealer, Member FINRA and SIPC and a Registered Investment Adviser. Insurance is offered through Santander Securities LLC or its affiliates. Santander Investment Services is an affiliate of Santander Bank, N.A.

Santander Securities LLC U.S. registered representatives may only conduct business with residents of the states in which they are properly registered. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned on this website are available in every state.
INVESTMENT AND INSURANCE PRODUCTS ARE:
NOT FDIC INSURED	NOT BANK GUARANTEED	MAY LOSE VALUE
NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL  GOVERNMENT AGENCY	NOT A BANK DEPOSIT
Santander Bank

Personal Banking
Investing
Small Business
Commercial
Private Client

About

Careers
Our Commitment
Leadership
Media Center
Shareholder Relations
Work Café

Support Services

Servicemembers Civil Relief act (SCRA) Benefits
Help For Homeowners Having Difficulty Paying Their Mortgage

Resources & Help

Find a Branch/ATM
Personal Banking Resources
Small Business Resources
Security Center
Site Map

Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Accessibility | © 2025 Santander Bank, N. A -  Equal Housing Lender - Member FDIC

    