SAP Software Solutions | Business Applications and Technology Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Content Contact Us Contact us Chat now Go beyond bolted-on AI Discover AI that’s woven into every SAP process—so your whole business can grow, adapt, and scale together. Explore SAP Business AI Act with confidence now—lead with vision tomorrow Built for what your business needs next SAP Business Suite unites your AI, data, apps, and platform to help you adapt, innovate, and move forward with clarity. Explore SAP Business Suite View SAP Business Suite packages Support every team and strengthen every process Equip every team with the tools to adapt, scale, and deliver real results. Cloud ERP Stay flexible and future-ready using complete, modular solutions driven by built-in AI and analytics. Explore cloud ERP Financial management See what’s coming and act with precision using solutions that help you manage uncertainty, optimize processes, and enable compliance. Explore financial management software Spend management Implement AI-powered spend management processes from source to pay ­with an integrated suite of solutions to deliver spend visibility, control, and savings. Explore spend management solutions Supply chain management Run a risk-resilient and sustainable supply chain that can adapt to anything with our solutions for supply chain planning, manufacturing, and logistics. Explore supply chain solutions Human capital management Align your workforce and business priorities with AI-enabled solutions for core HR and payroll, employee experience, talent management, and contingent workforce management functions. Explore HCM software Customer experience Connect e-commerce, marketing, sales, and service data with our customer experience solutions—and use AI to personalize the customer experience at every touchpoint. Explore CRM and CX solutions Business technology platform Unlock the full potential of your AI, data, and applications with a technology platform built for enterprise mission-critical business processes. Explore SAP Business Technology Platform Sustainability management Build a more compliant, sustainable, and resilient business with ERP-centric, AI-powered sustainability solutions from SAP. Explore sustainability solutions Business network Collaborate with your trading partners across procurement, supply chain, logistics, and asset management to rapidly respond to change. Explore SAP Business Network Trusted by companies small and large around the globe Search our customer stories Accelerate success with our extensive partner ecosystem Apps and extensions Discover, try, and buy solutions from SAP partners. Browse a wide variety of partner applications, services, and more to find the right solution for your business. Explore partner solutions Find a partner Find SAP partners that can identify, build, implement, support, and run the SAP solutions that best fit your requirements. Discover potential partners Become a partner See how to become an SAP partner and find out about the resources and tools that we provide to help you win more customers and grow revenue. Partner with us What's new E-BOOK Start your AI journey Learn what it takes to assess your AI readiness, build confidence, and take measurable steps toward long-term value with this practical guide. Read the e-book ARTICLE Understand embedded AI Discover how embedded AI streamlines work by connecting data and decisions inside the systems you already use—without extra tools or complexity. Read the article ARTICLE See how AI delivers ROI See how companies worldwide are increasing AI spend, overcoming data challenges, and already seeing productivity gains and ROI within three years. Read the article SAP COMMERCE CLOUD 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Commerce SAP is honored to be the only vendor to be named a Leader 11 times since 2014. Learn more SAP BUSINESS AI Discover AI wins from 2025 See how our customers turned bold ideas into real-world impact with SAP Business AI in 2025—and how they’re shaping what’s next for business. Watch the video Quick links Speak Out at SAP SAP Trust Center Find a solution Industries Find a partner Trials and demos Find services Trending SAP TechEd SAP Business Suite SAP Business Data Cloud SAP Business AI Sustainability Partner ecosystem About SAP Company information Worldwide directory Investor Relations Careers News and press Events Customer stories Newsletter Site information Privacy Terms of use Legal disclosure Copyright Trademark Cookie statement Do not share/sell my personal information © 2025 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved.