Skip to content

Sarkari Exam.com

अपडेट सबसे पहले

Home
Admit Card
Hot Job
Exam Result
Top Online Form
Sarkari Result
Answer Keys

Sarkari Result provides all Latest Sarkari Result, Board Result, Sarkari Naukri Notifications, Sarkari Job and Government Jobs .

Join WhatsApp

Shadi Biodata Maker

Image Resizer

MPPEB Template

CV Maker

Age Calculator

 

Name & Date on Photo

University Updates

JPG to PDF Converter

 

RRB Group D Exam City / Admit Card

UPSSSC Lekhpal Form 2025 (7994 Post)

SSC GD Constable Form (25487 Posts)

UP Anganwadi Bharti 2025 (60,656 Post)

UP Police Computer Operator Online Form

DSSSB MTS Online Form 2025 (714 Posts)

BSSC Inter Level Online Form (23175 Posts)

UP Scholarship Online Form 2025-26

Result
UPSC CDS I OTA Final Result 2025
Assam Rifles Technical/ Tradesman Result 2025
IIM CAT Result/ Score Card 2025
SSC CPO SI Paper-I Answer Key 2025
RRB NTPC 10+2 Inter Level CBT-2 Answer Key 2025
BPSC ASO Pre Result 2025
UKSSSC Forester (Group C) Result 2025
Bihar BTSC SMO Final Result 2025
Indian Coast Guard AC 01/2026 Batch Final Result
UPSC EPFO Written Result 2025 – Out
UPSC CMS Final Result 2025 – Out
IOCL Junior Engineer JE Result 2025
BSEB Bihar D.El.Ed 2nd Selection List 2025-27
ASRB NET, ARS, SMS & STO Result 2025 Out
RSSB VDO Result 2025 – Out
SBI PO Final Result 2025 – Out
Allahabad High Court UPHJS 2023 Pre Result
Bihar BTSC Dresser Score Card 2025
RBI Grade A, B Final Result 2025
UPSC Engineering Services Final Result 2025
View All »
Admit Card
BPSSC Bihar Police SI Pre Admit Card 2025
Railway RRB Group D Admit Card / Exam City 2025
RSSB REET Mains Primary Teacher Exam Date 2025
RSSB REET Mains Upper Teacher Exam Date 2025
KVS NVS Teaching & Non-Teaching Exam City Details 2025
UP LT Grade Assistant Teacher Admit Card 2025
SSC Delhi Police Constable Executive Exam City Details / Admit Card 2025
DDA Group A, B, C Admit Card 2025
NTA UGC NET December Admit Card 2025 – Out
BPSC AEDO Exam Postponed 2025
PNB Bank LBO Admit Card 2025 – Out
RPSC Exam Calendar 2026
DSSSB Various Post Exam Date 2026
UPSSSC Stenographer Exam Date 2025
RRB NTPC Graduate Level 05/2024 CBAT Admit Card 2025
RRB Ministerial & Isolated 07/2024 Translation Test Admit Card 2025
Bihar BPSC 70th DV Schedule 2025
RRB Section Controller Exam Date 2025
CWC Various Post Admit Card 2025
UP Home Guard Exam Date 2025
View All »
Top Online Form
SSC GD Constable Online Form 2026 (25487 Posts)
RRB Ministerial & Isolated Category Online Form 2025
UPSC CDS-I Online Form 2026 – Last Date Today
UPSC NDA/ NA-I Online Form 2026 – Last Date Today
CTET February Online Correction/ Complete Form 2026 – Last Date
UPSSSC Lekhpal Online Form 2025 (7994 Posts)
Nainital Bank Clerk, PO & SO Online Form 2025
Railway RRB Group D Online Form 2026 (22000 Posts)
UP Anganwadi Bharti Online Form 2025 (60,656 Post)
UP Police SI Confidential, ASI Clerk & ASI Accounts Online Form 2025
UP Police Computer Operator Grade-A Online Form 2025
UPPSC Medical Officer, Other Posts Online Form 2025
DSSSB MTS Online Form 2025 (714 Posts)
DRDO CEPTAM-11 Online Form 2025
UP Police Assistant Operator Online Form 2025
UP Police Constable Online Form 2025
Bank of India Apprentice Online Form 2025
Haryana HTET Online Form 2025
Bihar BTSC Sports Trainer Online Form 2025
MPESB Group 1 Sub Group 2 Online Form 2025
View All »
Answer Keys
Bihar JEEVIKA Various Posts Answer Key 2025
Bihar SHS Ophthalmic Assistant Answer Key 2025
Bihar SHS ANM Answer Key 2025
SSC CPO SI Paper-I Answer Key 2025
RRB NTPC 10+2 Inter Level CBT-2 Answer Key 2025
View All »
Syllabus
RRB Ministerial & Isolated Category Online Form 2025
BPSSC Bihar Police SI Pre Admit Card 2025
Railway RRB Group D Admit Card / Exam City 2025
UPSSSC Lekhpal Online Form 2025 (7994 Posts)
UP Police SI Confidential, ASI Clerk & ASI Accounts Online Form 2025
View All »
Admission Form
NTA NCHM JEE Online Admission Form 2026
BSEB Bihar D.El.Ed Online Form 2026-28 – Last Date Extend
Haryana HTET Online Form 2025
NTA CUET PG Online Form 2026
NTA NIFTEE Online Form 2026
View All »

Documents Verification
UP Scholarship Online Form 2025-26
SSC OTR Correction Edit Form 2025
Rajasthan Scholarship & Scooty Yojana 2025-26 – Start
UP Police OTR Registration 2025
MP Rojgar Panjiyan Online Form 2025
PM Internship Online Form 2025
UP Scholarship Application Status 2025
Bihar Post Matric Scholarship Online Form 2025
Aadhar Card PVC Download, Correction, Status 2024
Bihar Dakhil Kharij, Registration Online 2024
View All »
Diploma / ITI
DRDO CEPTAM-11 Online Form 2025
MPESB Group 1 Sub Group 2 Online Form 2025
BTSC Work Inspector Mechanical Online Form 2025
BTSC Pump Operator Online Form 2025
RCF Kapurthala Apprentice Online Form 2025 – Start
IOCL Pipelines Apprentice Online Form 2025 – Date Extend
CIPET Admit Card 2025
IOCL Refineries Division Online Form 2025 (1770 Post)
Rail Wheel Factory RWF Apprentices Online Form 2025
KGMU Non Teaching Various Post Online Form 2025
View All »
B.Tech / M.Tech
MPESB Group 1 Sub Group 2 Online Form 2025
BTSC Junior Engineer Online Form 2025 (2809 Posts)
UPPSC Polytechnic Lecturer Online Form 2025
RSSB Support Engineer Online Form 2025 (1050 Posts)
RPSC Assistant Agriculture Engineer Online Form 2025
DRDO RAC Scientist B Online Form 2025 – Extend
Air Force AFCAT 2/2024 Merit List
Indian Army TGC 142 Online Form 2025
UIIC Apprentice Online Form 2025
KGMU Non Teaching Various Post Online Form 2025
View All »
Sarkari Result:
Sarkari Result 2026

SarkariExam is dedicated portal for official Sarkari Result . It covers most of the सरकारी रिजल्ट Notifications, Sarkari naukri Date, Online notification Form, Answer key, Exam Results & Admit Card, etc.Now, you can apply for any Sarkari Result 2025 Recruitment, Online Form, for your SSC CGL, CHSL, MTS and SSC JE . Here you can get All Latest Sarkari Result Online Form like as SSC, Bank, Railway, UPSC, UPPSC, UPSSSC, UP Police, Bihar Police & other Government Jobs.

As we all know that, In India, there are millions of aspirants seeking for the thousands of Government Jobs, Recruitments, Vacancies & Examination Forms conducted by the concerned Authority / Board of State and Central Government. Each & Every Vacancies, Recruitments, Admission Forms, Admit Card and Exam Result is released by the concerned department on regular basis. There are so many candidates in each & every district of our country, who have a dream since childhood to get a government job, whether it is army, police or any other department and the main reason for this is also that the respect, the status and the prestige that is in a government job, is not in any private job. So, this portal has been prepared to make your dream come true and to provide you each & every update of Sarkari Result, Sarkari Naukari, Sarkari Exam first and fastest on just single click.

Our SarkariExam portal will serve you the fastest way to provide every update that will help you to make your dream come true. Here are some big government recruitments, which are conducted every year on a large scale in government departments of the country..

Sarkari Result 2026 Information

In the process of government recruitment of any department, first of all an official notice is issued by its concerned department. And you will get this information first and fastest on this portal of our Sarkari Result, SarkariExam. On this portal of Sarkari Result, you will get the official information of recruitment issued in every government department of central or state, as well as update of admit card, result of that recruitment fastest. Also, you will get the updates of every major exam going on in the country like CTET, UPTET, NTA JEE, UP B.ED, NTA CUET quickly..

Sarkari Results 2026

This SarkariResult Site is a dedicated job and educational portal for notification of government recruitments across the country like Railway, SSC, Bank, UPSC, Police, Defence, Public Service Commission, High Court is released. After it is done, the first ever task of the candidates is to read and understand that notification issued completely, then after that apply online for the given post or recruitment according to their qualification. Direct online link will be available to you on the portal to apply in Sarkari Result Online Form related to recruitment.

It is most important and necessary for the candidates that while filling any Sarkari Result Recruitment 2026 or Online Form 2026  Sarkari Result, fill all those details correct and true and check them again for the sake of caution, If they give wrong and fraud details, not only their form will be canceled, But they may have to be deprived of future recruitments as well.

Therefore, the very first step to be taken to fulfill your dream of government job i.e. before filling the online form. SarkariExam.com alerts you about some important facts from the following points ::

Before applying for the online form, the candidate must make sure that he / she is fully eligible for the educational and age qualification given in the recruitment.
Candidates have to fill their online application form very carefully as there are various mandatory & queries that should be filled correct.
Before applying for any recruitment or any application form, the candidate should carefully read the necessary instructions given in it like educational qualification, start date / last date of registration, age limit, fee submission date. Because it has been seen many times that online and offline fee deposition dates often vary. Therefore, in whatever medium they are paying the fee, do it carefully.
Candidates must also ensure that the personal information being filled by them in the online application form matches with their certificate, so that in future they do not get into any kind of trouble and join the recruitment process with a clean image.
Candidates must get the other information related to them like their age, gender, date of birth, educational record, maximum educational qualification, citizenship and all other information should match 100% from their respective certificates or are correct.
The biggest errors or mistake made by the candidates at the time of online application is related to their photo and signature. It has been seen many times that the forms of the candidates are rejected due to wrong photo, signature. Therefore, the candidates are cautioned to read the rules for uploading photo, signature given in the recruitment properly and upload clean and clear photo and signature in respective size as per the rules given in the notice.
After completely filling the application form and submitting it online, applicants must take out 2 copies (1 hard copy / 1 soft copy) of their application form, for their furure purpose.
 Sarkari Exam Results

After the last date of filling the application form of government recruitment, the Sarkari Exam date will be announced by the concerned department, in which the Sarkari Exam Admit Card of the applicants will be issued to appear in the examination. Whose update you will get through this portal of Sarkari Result 2026, as well as the answer key of the said exam is also issued along with the objection raise.

After the candidates have given the government job recruitment exam, they wait for their Sarkari Results which is the most important part of any recruitment process. But you do not need to worry and get upset because on SarkariExam.com you will get the update of Sarkari Result 2026 of all the recruitments so qucikly & fastly at one place only.

As every year forms are invited by the Central Government and State Governments of India for various types of government jobs. Some of the main State / Central Government Jobs, Applying Process, and other important recruitment information are given below :

Sarkari Result for Civil services Job

The first number comes in all types of Government Jobs is Civil Services, which are done by the country’s highest recruitment unit UPSC (Union Public Service Commission). Recruitment examinations like IPS (Indian Police Service), IAS (Indian Administrative Service, and IFS (Indian Foreign Service) are conducted by UPSC every year, for which lakhs of candidates apply. UPSC Civil Services examinations are also more famous because in this, along with a prestigious post, good salary is also given.

As UPSC exams are considered the most difficult and challenging. So the aspirants of UPSC Civil Services job first have to clear all the level of exams under UPSC Recruitment. At the same time, there are many such coaching and institutes in India where the classes is given to the candidates especially for the UPSC examinations. And along with offline medium, Online studies have also become the first choice of the candidates..

Sarkari Result for Defence Services – Indian Navy, Indian Army, Coast Guard

In India, defence sectors jobs are treated as a best option for the candidates who desire to do something for their country & to serve for their nation. SarkariExam.com provides you all latest & recent information’s regarding the recruitment in Indian Defence Services / Forces like Indian Army, ITBP (Indo-Tibetan Border Police), Indian Navy, Indian Army, IAF (Indian Air Force), CISF (Central Industrial Security Force), CRPF (Central Reserve Police Force), NSG (National Security Guard), BSF (Border Security Force), ICG (Indian Coast Guard), SSB (Sashastra Seema Bal), and Other Indian Forces like Special Frontier Force and Assam Rifles. Candidates can also make their career in defence sector. There are many benefits in defence sector jobs like good salary, medical aid facilities, official government quota houses etc. Therefore, this is also a better field for those who are looking for government jobs.

Sarkari Result for Bank Jobs

For the past several years, a different inclination has been seen towards the youth in the bank sector jobs in India. Because not only men, but the women’s section of the country has also been a part of the bank. Recruitment is also done for various types of posts like Clerk, PO (Probationary Officer), Specialist Officer (SO) in bank sectors, whose applications are filled through online medium. Like other departments, thousands of jobs are released every year in the bank sector too. Today, banks are available in almost every corner of our country. And due to the loads of work it requires the extra man power which leads to the increase in the number of vacancies in Bank Sectors. So it can be said that the bank jobs are the most desirable jobs in India.

SarkariExam.com proivdes you all important information regarding bank recruitment notifications in several fields such as IBPS (Institute of Banking Personnel Selection), SBI (State Bank of India), NABARD (National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development), RBI (Reserve Bank of India), and other Goverment Sector Banks.

Recruitment in the banking sector in India is often done through two mediums – one in which the bank itself issues notification to fill the vacant posts in its branches. Whereas the second and largest medium of bank recruitment is IBPS (Institute of Banking Personnel Selection), under which graduate candidates are recruited, as well as online examination for this recruitment is also conducted by IBPS itself. In this recruitment of IBPS, the posts of many government banks of the country like Indian Bank, Allahabad Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Overseas Bank etc. are included. Basic education Graduation is kept for bank jobs and bank jobs are the first choice for graduate pass students from commerce. That is why it can be said that bank jobs are the first choice of youth candidates all across the nation..

 Sarkari Result for Railway Jobs

Railway Recruitment – One such recruitment apart from all the recruitment for which all types of candidates can apply for 10th, 12th, diploma, graduate and post graduate. As we all know that railway is the biggest enterprise of our country and as the name suggests, more number of recruitments are done in it, that too for the candidates having all kinds of qualifications. Like Class 10th, Diploma & ITI students can apply for Railway Group D posts, while graduate candidates can apply for posts like Railway NTPC. Applications for these recruitments coming out on thousands, lakhs of posts also reach in lakhs, crores and examinations for these recruitments are conducted through online medium CBT.

So now as it is the time of haste, in today’s world everyone needs everything instant and immediately, then you should also be ready because SarkariExam.com will give you Railway Group D Sarkari Result, Railway NTPC Sarkari Result every update at very first on single page here. Here you will get the instant update of RRB Admit Card 2026, RRB Answer Key 2026, RRB Result 2026 related to railway exam. In Railways, you get an opportunity to do every job from Engineer, Station Master, Goods Guard to Clerk, that too every year. Along with the good salary like other government jobs in Indian Railways, there are many other benefits of a job like railway quarters for accommodation, free travel etc..

Sarkari Result for Candidates who are 12th Pass

Now let’s talk about government jobs for those people who are engaged only after passing 12, in an effort to get it. And there are many such departments in India, in which there have always been 12th pass appointments. Government job is in a way a great and golden advancement opportunity for 12th pass students which is easy and safe. 12th pass government jobs are also very famous because in this good salary as well as benefits of other government facilities are also available. On the other hand, if seen, the examinations are not difficult for the 12th passed, but the competition and fighting are strong for this. There are many such posts in the Indian Central Government and State Governments, for which 12th pass candidates can apply.

Those applicants who want to apply for government jobs only after 12th pass, they have various types of government departments for which they can apply, which include the posts of Police, Army, Airforce, Railway etc. SarkariExam.com provides you 12th Pass Vacancies such as SSC CHSL (Staff Selection Commission Combined Higher Secondary Level Examination), SSC GD (General Duty Constable), SSC MTS (Multi-Tasking Staff), Railway NTPC, UPSC NDA (National Defense Academy), Indian Amry, Indian Air Force Airmen, Indian Coast Guard (ICG) and many other government department’s posts like Stenographer, Clerk, Translator, MTS, etc.

 Govt Jobs for Candidates who are 10th Pass

Like the 12th pass, many government job opportunities are being provided by the central government and state government of India for the 10th pass people as well. 10 pass candidates will have to keep an eye on this portal of  Sarkari Result to get government job information first and immediately so that they are not deprived of any government job information. So if you are also searching for 10 pass government jobs then there is no need to wander here and there because every job with complete details and information will be in front of you first on SarkariExam.com. Like other government jobs, 10 pass government jobs is also a great opportunity for students to make their future, which also has many benefits.

At SarkariExam.com, you will get to see a unique treasure trove of 10th pass jobs because 10th pass candidates are more important than other candidates for us. As in India, Army, SSC, Police, Railway & various States Public Service Commission provide 10th pass government job opportunities to the candidates. And posts like labours, peons, operators, chowkidar, cook, drivers, firemen, trackman, constables, security officers are included in the appointment of these departments. For example, in Railway Group D, Indian Amry Cook, UP Police Constable, Bihar Police Constable, Railway Apprentice and other departments, the minimum qualification of 10th pass is valid. And like other forms, applications for this are made through both online or offline mode.

Let’s talk about some such government recruitments in which 10th pass candidates are included :

Government Jobs in the Income Tax Department.
Government Jobs in Indian Railways for 10th Class Pass.
Govt. Jobs in the Police Department
10th Pass Jobs in Army.
Government Jobs in the Defence Sector for 10th Class Pass
Government Jobs in the Other Department for 10th Class Pass

10th pass students can apply for the job in any of the above mentioned government departments. It has also been seen many times in these departments that along with 10th pass, knowledge of regional language and general computer knowledge is also required. So the candidates who apply for these posts should read and understand the Sarkari Result 2025 Notification i.e. the official notification very well. And keep in mind that as we have already told that you have to keep an eye on SarkariExam.com portal to get the updates of all types of government jobs, Admit Card and Sarkari Result first..

Govt Jobs: Plenty Career Option for Students

At govt jobs, you can find all the information about University examination and all India Entrances for various courses in order to build a great career. Admissions of reputed State and Central Universities like, BHU UET/PET Admission, JNU Online Admission Form, DU UG Admission, CCS University Admission, JEE Main Online Form, NATA Admission, CLAT Online Form, UGC NET Online Form are available here.

Besides notifying about admission, this website also publishes the all the information about semester/annual examinations of universities like MGKVP UG/PG Exam Admit Card, DBRAU Agra University Exam Result, and TNAU Cutoff marks etc.

Why SarkariExam.com for Sarkari Result 2026 ?

Have you worked hard and eagerly waiting for your exam results? Or are you waiting for your favorite government job! But that accurate and true information still not reaching you or reaching you by late. So you are lucky that now you are connected with such a  Sarkari Result portal from where you will get the information of all government recruitment, first of all that too on just one click. Along with having 10 offices across the country and led by expert team members of more than 400 numbers, every aspect of government job is officially confirmed and information is delivered to you @SarkariExam.com. Through that too very easy, simple and in most common language English. For which you do not have to pay a single rupee.

Your success is our Mission !

Because we understand your problem, your hard work for your Dreams. Do not know how much hard work and efforts you try to get a government job. And also how difficult it is to find any source to get any reliable and true information. But now you do not need to worry because now you have joined with India’s No. 1 more trusted website SarkariExam.com where you will get every information related to government jobs, most accurate and first regarding Sarkari Result.

Top Content of SarkariExam.com

Dear SarkariExam.com users, Please check Registered address of SarkariExam i.e. ‘.com’ after the word SarkariExam. Because many fake & inauthentic websites available with Sarkari Exam Similar Name are running. To know more please refer to our TradeMark & Licence Page.

Quick Links : SarkariExam @Twitter | SarkariExam @Telegram | SarkariExam @YouTube | SarkariExam @Instagram | SarkariExam App

This site uses Google AdSense ad intent links. AdSense automatically generates these links and they may help creators earn money.

About Us
Contact us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Copyright © 2009-2025. All Rights Reserved.