Introducing Sauce AI: Intelligent Agents for Next-Gen Software Quality

|
Test Smarter

x

Products
Solutions
Pricing
Developers
Resources
Sign in
Request a demo
Try it free
Build apps users love with AI-driven quality

Power your mobile and web apps at scale with the most comprehensive solution for software quality. Test, release, and innovate confidently with AI-driven quality grounded in real data.

Sign up for free
Book a demo
8+bn
TESTS EXECUTED
300k
ACTIVE USERS
9000+
REAL DEVICES
2500+
EMUSIMS AND BROWSER/OSES
Built on the Sauce Labs enterprise-grade platform, trusted by thousands of global brands
ENTERPRISE-READY. AI-DRIVEN. ONE UNIFIED VIEW.
One Platform for Continuous Quality

Ensure quality at every stage of development with AI-powered agents. Access the widest selection of real devices, virtual emulators and simulators, and browsers/OS support, plus streamlined app distribution and error reporting—all in one powerful platform.

AI-Powered Insights
Mobile App Testing
Web Testing
Mobile App Distribution
Error Reporting
Visual Testing
Visual Testing
Automate UI testing to catch visual issues early. Integrated into the Sauce Platform, it ensures pixel-perfect experiences and faster, high-quality releases.
Learn more about Visual Testing
AI-Powered Insights
Transform billions of raw data points into actionable insights. AI-powered Insights delivers real-time analytics and visibility so teams can track performance, act quickly, and deliver quality apps faster than ever.
Learn more about AI-Powered Insights
Mobile App Testing
Release high-quality apps without the headache of managing infrastructure. Test on thousands of real and virtual devices anytime, anywhere - to ensure quality experiences across every mobile platform.
Learn more about Mobile App Testing
Web Testing
Accelerate test automation with the most scalable and robust infrastructure. Run thousands of parallel tests using your preferred strategy and framework, backed by industry-leading expertise.
Learn more about Web Testing
Mobile App Distribution
Distribute Android and iOS apps on a secure, enterprise-grade platform. Gather user insights, streamline beta testing, and control access to accelerate development while reducing risks.
Learn more about Mobile App Distribution
Error Reporting
Find and fix crashes up to 50% faster. Get early warnings for production errors and improve team collaboration, accelerating innovation and overall software quality.
Learn more about Error Reporting
Visual Testing
Automate UI testing to catch visual issues early. Integrated into the Sauce Platform, it ensures pixel-perfect experiences and faster, high-quality releases.
Learn more about Visual Testing
AI-Powered Insights
Transform billions of raw data points into actionable insights. AI-powered Insights delivers real-time analytics and visibility so teams can track performance, act quickly, and deliver quality apps faster than ever.
Learn more about AI-Powered Insights
CASE STUDIES
The secret sauce behind every great app

Discover how leading brands deliver high-quality digital experiences with Sauce Labs.

Pranav Verma

Sr Engineering Manager

“Thanks to Sauce Labs, we are able to ensure that our apps work on over 700 browser/ OS combinations, 172 device emulators and over 300 unique real devices.”

Read the Case Study

Ray Maldano

Senior Engineering Manager

“With Sauce Labs, we can test all of the platform combinations we know are being used by agents and homeowners in the market so that every person can connect and find their dream home effortlessly.”

Read the Case Study

Chuan Au

VP of Quality Assurance

“Sauce Labs is the one-stop shop for all our software quality needs.”

Read the Case Study

Maxim Stognev

Staff Mobile Engineer

“Sauce Labs has helped us take a massively data-driven approach to quality in our CI/CD pipelines… extending our test suite and doubling unit test coverage to deliver new functionality to customers.”

Read the Case Study
INTEGRATE & SETUP
Sauce Labs + Your Go-To Automation Tools
Easily connect with your favorite CI/CD platforms to streamline and accelerate your automation workflows.
Learn more about integrations
Ready to Start Testing? Try It Free.

Set up in minutes and run your first test today.

Sign up for free
What's New
More updates
BLOG
Beyond pass/fail: 3 strategic trends that will define QA in 2026
Learn More
BLOG
The Journey Ahead with AI-Driven Software Quality
Learn More
BLOG
Introducing Sauce AI for Insights
Learn More
PRODUCTS
Platform for Test
Sauce Web Testing
Sauce Mobile App Testing
Mobile App Distribution
Sauce Error Reporting
Sauce Visual
GLOBAL TOOLS
Sauce AI
Sauce Insights
Sauce Performance
SET UP AND INTEGRATE
Integrations & plugins
Supported browsers and devices
Platform configurator
Premium Consulting Services
RESOURCES
Resources by topic
Blog
FAQs
Documentation
Support
Videos
Webinars
COMPANY
About us
Security
Partners
Careers
News
Contact us
Systems status
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEA
CCPA
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 Sauce Labs Inc., all rights reserved. SAUCE and SAUCE LABS are registered trademarks owned by Sauce Labs Inc. in the United States, EU, and may be registered in other jurisdictions.