Save the Children International | Save the Children International Skip to main content Where we work Addis Ababa Afghanistan Albania Australia Bangladesh Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Burkina Faso Cambodia Canada Chile China Colombia Côte d'Ivoire Democratic Congo Denmark Dominican Republic Egypt El Salvador Ethiopia Europe Fiji Finland Geneva Georgia Germany Guatemala Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Italy Japan Jordan Kenya Korea Kosovo Laos Latin America and the Caribbean Lebanon Liberia Lithuania Malawi Mali Mexico Montenegro Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Niger Nigeria North West Balkans Norway Occupied Palestinian territory Pakistan Peru Philippines Poland Romania Rwanda Serbia Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania Thailand Türkiye Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Afghanistan Albania Bangladesh Bhutan Burkina Faso Cambodia China Colombia Côte d'Ivoire Democratic Congo Egypt El Salvador Ethiopia Europe Georgia Guatemala Haiti Iraq Kenya Kosovo Laos Latin America and the Caribbean Lebanon Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Niger Nigeria North West Balkans Occupied Palestinian territory Pakistan Poland Rwanda Sierra Leone Somalia South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Syria Tanzania Thailand Türkiye Uganda Ukraine Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe JOIN US Donate Now Donate Monthly CAMPAIGN WITH US Learn & Share Partner WITH Us WORK WITH US Become a Supplier Careers What We Do EMERGENCIES Our work Our Impact Who We Are About Us Our HISTORY Our LEADERSHIP Trust Centre Latest News STORIES Research & reports DONATE Search Where we work Addis Ababa Afghanistan Albania Australia Bangladesh Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Burkina Faso Cambodia Canada Chile China Colombia Côte d'Ivoire Democratic Congo Denmark Dominican Republic Egypt El Salvador Ethiopia Europe Fiji Finland Geneva Georgia Germany Guatemala Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Italy Japan Jordan Kenya Korea Kosovo Laos Latin America and the Caribbean Lebanon Liberia Lithuania Malawi Mali Mexico Montenegro Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Niger Nigeria North West Balkans Norway Occupied Palestinian territory Pakistan Peru Philippines Poland Romania Rwanda Serbia Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania Thailand Türkiye Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Afghanistan Albania Bangladesh Bhutan Burkina Faso Cambodia China Colombia Côte d'Ivoire Democratic Congo Egypt El Salvador Ethiopia Europe Georgia Guatemala Haiti Iraq Kenya Kosovo Laos Latin America and the Caribbean Lebanon Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Niger Nigeria North West Balkans Occupied Palestinian territory Pakistan Poland Rwanda Sierra Leone Somalia South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Syria Tanzania Thailand Türkiye Uganda Ukraine Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe DONATE HELP CHILDREN SURVIVE THIS WINTER This winter, millions of children are facing freezing temperatures, hunger, and conflict – from Gaza and Sudan to Haiti and Ukraine. Children like Lana, born in Gaza during conflict, are facing a dangerous winter without food, warmth, or medical care. Your support can bring warmth, nourishment, and lifesaving care to children on the frontlines of crisis. Together this winter, we can protect children in the world’s hardest places. DONATE TO HELP CHILDREN IN CRISIS One-Time Monthly $80 $120 $200 $500 $80 can vaccinate 64 children against measles. $120 could provide 6-week life-saving peanut paste treatment for two malnourished children. $200 can provide a month of clean water for ten families. $500 can provide critical care for five children suffering from pneumonia. $15 $30 $50 $75 $15 per month can vaccinate 180 children against life-threatening diseases. $30 per month can provide ongoing clean water for an entire family. $50 per month can provide education for a child in need. $75 per month can help save children suffering from malaria. Any amount you give will help children $ Any amount you give will help children $ DONATE NOW Your donation is processed securely SAVE THE CHILDREN Children’s lives, safety, well-being, and futures are under attack in an increasingly dangerous and unequal world. Nearly 300 million people – or 1 in 27 people – are expected to need humanitarian assistance this year. We will aim to assist 15.9 million children across 46 countries in response to the most significant threat to children’s rights in recent memory. Together, we will ensure no child is left behind. Join us! OUR IMPACT FOR CHILDREN IN 2024 113.6 million children reached 113 countries where we worked 112 emergencies responded to 122 policy changes achieved Ways to get involved Homes, schools, health facilities and infrastructure have been completely destroyed in Khan Younis in the Gaza Strip.

The war on Gaza since the 7 October attacks on Israel by Palestinian armed groups has resulted in horrendous consequences for children. More than 13,800 children in Gaza have been killed, as well as 106 children in the West Bank and 33 children in Israel. 

The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire. Homes, hospitals and schools have been destroyed. More than 1.7 million people have been displaced. Now, more than one million children face the imminent threat of famine. 

Amidst extremely challenging conditions, Save the Children staff and partners have been working around the clock to support the most vulnerable children and families. Sacha Myers / Save the Children Children's education under attack in the occupied Palestinian territory Over 58 years of Israeli occupation—including 18 years of air, land, and sea blockade on Gaza, as well as the war—Palestinian children’s right to education has faced relentless attacks. Learn More Akuwom at home with her baby Eyenae. 
As Eyenae's older daughter had previously been treated for malnutrition, Akuwom was selected to participate in a Village Savings and Loans Approach (VSLA) programme. Akuwom received trainings on savings, record keeping, and entrepreneurship. In addition, she received a loan with which she was able to start her own small farm along with other women in her village.

This meant that when Akuwom was pregnant with Eyenae she was eating nutritious food grown in her own vegetable plot and her older daughter's health improved. Sam Vox / Save the Children Delivering safe starts Babies have been born in war zones, refugee camps, and communities devastated by floods and droughts. Every baby deserves more than survival. They deserve to be safe, fed, and loved. They deserve a chance to grow, to laugh, to learn. They deserve a future. Learn more Furaha*, 32, holds her son Mastaki*, 5, suffering from severe malnutrition, as the nurse, Rachel*, takes his brachial perimeter, which is red, at the health centre supported by Save the Children in Goma, North Kivu province, Democratic Republic of Congo. Guerchom Ndebo / Save the Children Democratic Republic of Congo Crisis Children in the DRC are facing one of the world’s largest humanitarian crises, with one in every four people in need of humanitarian support due to violent conflict, climate-related disasters and disease outbreaks. Learn more How we empower children Health Resilience Education Protection Health We’re working to ensure all children have a healthy start in life. We believe that no child should die from preventable causes. LEARN MORE Resilience We’re working to ensure children and their families are protected by strong, social safety nets, so they and future generations can cope with shocks and break out of poverty. LEARN MORE Education Learning has amazing power to change a child’s world. We are working to close the global learning gap by making sure children settle at school and get a quality education. LEARN MORE Protection We are working with all our partners to protect children – especially girls and those in conflict situations – from physical and emotional violence, online and offline, and help survivors become healthy, nurturing adults. LEARN MORE Latest News 26 Dec 2025 global YEAR IN REVIEW: Five climate disasters that disrupted children's lives in 2025 From heatwaves that forced schools to close to flash floods and storms that flattened infrastructure and pushed children and families to live in temporary shelters, children bore the brunt of climate disasters in 2025. Read More 24 Dec 2025 Occupied Palestinian territory SAVE THE CHILDREN CALLS FOR URGENT REVIEW OF NEW ISRAELI REGISTRATION RULES AFFECTING GAZA, WEST BANK Save the Children is calling on the Government of Israel to urgently reconsider new registration rules for international non-governmental organisations (INGOs) that could undermine the delivery of life-saving humanitarian assistance. Read More 23 Dec 2025 global NEWS QUOTE: Children in Ukraine face frigid winter weather this Christmas as latest attacks trigger massive power cuts In response to the latest attacks in Ukraine ahead of the holidays, Ahmad Alhendawi, Regional Director for Save the Children in the Middle East, North Africa and Eastern Europe, said: Read More VIEW MORE NEWS FROM SAVE THE CHILDREN Newsletter Find out how we're changing the lives of children – and how you can help. You can opt-out at any time. For more information on how we use your data, see our privacy policy . Over 18s only First name Email Mobile Leave this field blank Footer Image Homepage Join Us Donate Now Donate Monthly Campaign With Us Learn & Share Our Partners Careers Become a Supplier Quick Links Media Centre Research & Reports Trust Centre Contact Us About Us FOLLOW US Footer Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Recruitment Privacy Policy Modern Slavery Statement Save the Children International is a company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales with company number 3732267 and a charity registered in England and Wales with charity number 1076822. Its registered office is 1 St Johns Lane, London, EC1M 4BL, United Kingdom © 2025 Save the Children International Our website has a lot of features which will not display correctly without Javascript. Please enable Javascript in your browser Here how you can do it: http://enable-javascript.com