Online Video Downloader and Converter [Updated 2025] Save The Video .com Open menu Downloader Converter More English Share Online video downloader and converter Free online video downloader for Vimeo, Dailymotion, Twitter, Tiktok, Instagram, Facebook and many other sites . Video Link Start Downloading any copyrighted materials is strictly prohibited, please read our Terms of Service . Don't Miss Out on the Next Big Crypto Exchange Earn points and rewards while trading spot and futures with 0 fees on USD on/off ramps , the lowest fees , and a seamless experience. Join Now New! AI Video Enhancer - Denoise, Deblur, Upscale & Restore Videos to 4K Locally Save Videos from Popular Sites with VideoProc Converter AI Bulk download in 4K/HD quality. Video to MP4, AAC, MP3 , etc. Compress , AI Upscale 1080p to 4K . Get Started for Free Main Features Online video downloader and converter features Download Download videos online from Vimeo, Dailymotion, Tiktok, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any other supported sites Convert Convert videos online to mp3, mp4, aac, webm, 3gp, ogg, m4a and many other formats Merge Merge video and audio formats and save high quality (1080p Full HD) videos Cut Cut the video or audio file online by choosing the start and end time Alternative Download Save video and audio files using an alternative download method if the original download links are not working for some reason Download Subtitles Download video subtitles and closed captions when they are available Mobile Downloader Download videos on your Android phone or tablet You can install this online application on your Android mobile phone or tablet with only one click, use Add to Homescreen in your browser (Chrome) menu. Then you can share videos or links from any other app to the SaveTheVideo.com app to download and convert video and audio. A better way to send money. Completely Free This online application is completely free for anyone to use. No Software Installation This downloader works online, there is no need to install any software on your computer or mobile phone. Works on Any Device This website works on any device, Windows, macOS, iOS, Android and Linux the only requirement is a modern browser. This website is for personal use only, download of copyrighted material is strictly prohibited, by using this website you agree to our Terms of Service . You are solely responsible for any copyright violations or misuse of this website. About FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Claims Contact Us Facebook Twitter © 2025 SaveTheVideo.com All rights reserved.