Savills  | Home Cookies are a small file saved on your computer that help store preferences and other information that’s used on the web pages you visit.  See below for further information about the categories of cookies used on our site and your current preference settings. Turning any of these cookies off may affect your experience of the site. Find out more Manage cookies Allow all cookies Manage Cookies Cookies are a small file saved on your computer that help store preferences and other information that’s used on the web pages you visit.  See below for further information about the categories of cookies used on our site and your current preference settings. Turning any of these cookies off may affect your experience of the site. For more information about how we and our partners use cookies on our site, see our Cookie Policy Strictly necessary These cookies are necessary for the Savills website to function. Examples of this include: setting your privacy preferences, logging in to your Savills account, or filling in forms. Though these cookies cannot be switched off, you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but please be aware that this will stop some parts of the Savills website from functioning as intended. Find out more about strictly necessary cookies here . Always allowed Functional cookies These cookies are used to enhance the performance of the Savills website, as without them certain functions of the website may not be available. While they are not vital for the website to run, they allow us to remember important information and your preferences such as previous location searches. Find out more about functional cookies here . Allow Targeting & tracking These cookies record your activity on the Savills website and our partners may use that information to show you adverts that they think you will be most interested in when you visit other websites. We may also use information recorded by these cookies to see how well these adverts are performing. Find out more about targeting and tracking cookies here . Allow Save and close Allow all cookies Location and Language Selection Close Global Location Abu Dhabi Antigua Australia Austria The Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Botswana Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Global Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kenya Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Malaysia Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Mozambique Namibia The Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia The Seychelles Sharjah Singapore South Africa Spain St Kitts & Nevis Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Global Abu Dhabi Antigua Australia Austria The Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Botswana Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Global Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kenya Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Malaysia Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Mozambique Namibia The Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia The Seychelles Sharjah Singapore South Africa Spain St Kitts & Nevis Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Language English English English Search Close Site Search: Search My Account Menu Menu > Find a property > Find a service > Investor Relations > Why Savills > Insight & Opinion > Contact us Close Find a property Find a property Find the property that brings your vision to life. Tell us your wants, needs and aspirations and we won’t stop until we’ve found you the right fit. From first homes to rural land and commercial opportunities, we have a specialist expert that knows the market inside out. Search for a property Residential real estate Property for sale in Europe Property for sale in London Property for sale in the UK Property for sale in the US Property for sale in Australia Property for sale in the Caribbean Property for sale in The Alps Farms & estates Farms for sale in Europe Farms for sale in the UK Farms to rent in Europe Farms to rent in the UK Commercial real estate Property for sale in Europe Property for sale in London Property for sale in the UK Property to rent in Europe Property to rent in London Property to rent in the UK Have a question? We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Get in touch Market your property From country cottages to city offices, agricultural land to new-build developments, we’ll help you find the right buyer or tenant for your property. Learn more Savills by region With the expertise of our ever-expanding specialist international network of offices we can help find you the perfect home anywhere in the world. Explore our residential coverage As the UN celebrates 80 years, what’s the path forward for sustainable development? Development Halfway through the UN’s Decade of Action, real estate is playing its part in the sustainable transition, but more change is needed. Read this article Find a service Find a service Savills offers a wide range of specialist services from financial and investment advice to valuation, planning and property management. More Information Asset Management Buying or Selling Consultancy Development Finance Global Occupier Services Investment Letting or Renting Planning Property Management Research Valuation Browse by sector Our services cover a broad range of property sectors. More Information Affordable Housing Education Energy Healthcare Hotels Industrial & Logistics Infrastructure & Transport Leisure Marine Minerals & Commodities Mixed Use Office & Business Space Public Sector Residential Retail Rural Sports Venues Student Accommodation Trade-Related & Specialist Sectors Utilities, Oil & Gas Waste Management Have a question? We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Get in touch Find your nearest office Over 42,000 people work for us in more than 70 countries all over the world. Trusted relationships are at the heart of our business. We listen to your needs and aspirations to create bespoke solutions that bring your vision to life. Find your local office Investor Relations Investor relations Information on the company, shares and company reports. More information Financial calendar Find out more about upcoming and past financial events, including results announcements and ex-dividend dates. More information Financial results A selection of highlights, comments and data from the company's latest results. Read results Share price information Updated share price information for Savills Plc from London Stock Exchange. Read more Shareholder information Access shareholder services and read FAQs relating to Savills plc. Read more Regulatory news News and announcements relating to Savills plc. Explore latest news AGM Information on upcoming and previous Annual General Meetings. Find out more Results webcast Watch the webcast from the half year results presentation held on 14 August 2025. Watch the webcast Company information Learn more about Savills Plc's leadership, corporate governance and sustainability policy. More information Why Savills Why Savills For over 170 years, we’ve been helping people thrive through places and spaces. With more than 42,000 professionals dedicated to commercial and prime residential real estate across 70 countries, no matter where you are, we have the expertise to bring your vision to life. More Information 170 years young We’ve expanded considerably over the last 170 years. Through our rapidly evolving world, we’ve offered unwavering dedication and support to our clients. Read our history Built on integrity Trust, honesty and professionalism are at the heart of our lasting relationships, giving clients, colleagues and investors the confidence to work with us. SEE OUR ETHICS Sustainability & ESG We aim to make a positive impact on the communities in which we operate and one the environment, both directly, and through advisory work with our clients. More Information Awards Over the years we have been recognised as ‘best in class’ in a diverse range of disciplines. More Information The importance of secure income in total returns, and why offices remain a safe bet Offices MSCI data indicates that income returns have accounted for over 80% of European offices’ total returns since 2001. Capital growth is also over five times more volatile than income returns for European offices, so why have investors become so fixated on capital growth to deliver their returns? Read more Insight & Opinion Insight & Opinion Get the latest trends and predictions from inside the real estate industry. Whether you’re interested in residential, commercial or rural updates, our experts bring you the leading advice and analysis to help you make better property decision. Research Be empowered to make better property decisions with our world-leading research. From market trends to regional nuances, future forecasts and in-depth analysis, our specialist teams will keep you in the know. Browse our market research International residential reports Regional residential reports Hotel reports Office reports Industrial & Logistics reports Rural reports Student accommodation reports Research services The Savills Blog The Savills Blog brings you the latest news, expert opinions, helpful guides and top tips on all things property. Explore the Savills Blog Savills News Want to know what’s going on in our business and across the property industry? We’re right there at the forefront constantly keeping you updated. See the latest Impacts – the future of global real estate Exploring the global trends shaping the world of real estate, the 2025 edition of Impacts looks at why real estate needs to adapt and think differently given existing geopolitical, environmental and economic volatility. Read the publication Contact Us Find your nearest office Over 42,000 people work for us in more than 70 countries all over the world. Trusted relationships are at the heart of our business. We listen to your needs and aspirations to create bespoke solutions that bring your vision to life. Find your local office Savills by region With the expertise of our ever-expanding specialist international network of offices we can help find you the perfect home anywhere in the world. Explore our residential coverage Find a person We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Find a local expert Find your place to thrive Savills is an organisation full of extraordinary individuals. We empower our people with the opportunities to make a real, positive impact, with support to reach their full potential. Explore careers Insurance and real estate climate risk Research As extreme weather events become more frequent and severe, insurance markets are beginning to reflect the complexity of risk and real estate needs to respond. Read this publication How can we help you? As one of the world's leading property advisors, Savills services span the globe, with 42,000 experts working across more than 700 offices in the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, Africa and the Middle East. Take me to Savills in Location Africa The Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Investment Management Abu Dhabi Australia Austria The Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Botswana Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kenya Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Malaysia Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Mozambique Namibia The Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia The Seychelles Sharjah Singapore South Africa Spain St Kitts & Nevis Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe location Africa The Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Investment Management Abu Dhabi Australia Austria The Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Botswana Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kenya Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Malaysia Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Mozambique Namibia The Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia The Seychelles Sharjah Singapore South Africa Spain St Kitts & Nevis Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Here to help you thrive Empowering you with world-class research You make the best decisions when you have the right strategic information. We’ll arm you with pioneering data and expert advice from across the industry. Explore our latest Research If it matters to you, it matters to us Over 42,000 people work for us in more than 70 countries all over the world. Trusted relationships are at the heart of our business. We listen to your needs and aspirations to create bespoke solutions that bring your vision to life. Find a Person or Office Making your progress our priority We’ll always be open and honest with you, constructively challenging you and ourselves on the pursuit of the best results. By collaborating across global and local networks, we make sure you have the right expert for every stage of your project. Learn more about Savills A service for every goal Discover our wide range of specialist services, from financial and investment advice to valuation, planning and property management. Services to fulfill your needs 300+ Offices and associates worldwide 700+ Employees 42,000+ Expert researchers 200+ Explore all services Impacts – the future of global real estate Exploring the global trends shaping the world of real estate, the 2025 edition of Impacts looks at why real estate needs to adapt and think differently given existing geopolitical, environmental and economic volatility. Read the publication Market your property From country cottages to city offices, agricultural land to new-build developments, we’ll help you find the right buyer or tenant for your property. Whether it’s selling, renting or just find out how much your property is worth, we’ll act as your trusted advisors throughout the whole process. Find out more Have a question? We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Get in touch Insight & Opinion The latest UK and international property market news and opinions, plus helpful guides and top tips from our renowned industry experts. featured article Commercial Investment 17 December 2025 Spotlight: European Investment – Q4 2025 Preliminary Results and Forecasts European real estate investment volumes are on track to reach c.€77 billion in Q4 2025, a 12% year-on-year increase. This would bring the full-year total to c.€215 billion, 9% higher than volumes recorded last year Commercial investment commercial investment market Previous Commercial Investment 17 December 2025 Spotlight: European Investment – Q4 2025 Preliminary Results and Forecasts Commercial investment commercial investment market Commercial Investment 10 December 2025 Savills forecasts real estate investment to surpass US$1 trillion in 2026 as it releases global outlook Corporate News 04 December 2025 Savills acquires majority stake in Alpina Holdings Research 03 December 2025 Ski Report: Aspen remains the most expensive in the world, Špindlerův Mlýn dominates in the Czech Republic Healthcare 02 December 2025 Spotlight: European Medical Office Buildings – Q4 2025 health Health investment Retail 01 December 2025 Savills bolsters EMEA retail advisory with new appointment Commercial Investment 01 December 2025 San Francisco and New York top Savills Tech Cities Index 2025, but London rises to third Retail 01 December 2025 The people divide: how demographics will likely split retail markets Retail 01 December 2025 Setting the scene in Europe Retail 01 December 2025 European Retail Market – 2025 Offices 20 November 2025 Spotlight: European Office Occupational Q3 2025 Commercial research European occupier market Industrial and Logistics 18 November 2025 Spotlight: European Logistics Outlook – Q3 2025 Commercial research Economic forecast Ski Properties 17 November 2025 The world’s leading ski destinations Alpine market Alpine property Ski Properties 17 November 2025 Ski Resilience Index Alpine market Alpine property Ski Properties 17 November 2025 Prime and ultra-prime ski prices Alpine market Alpine property Ski Properties 17 November 2025 Webinar: Savills Ski Winter 2025–26 Savills Ski Savills Ski Report Ski Properties 17 November 2025 The Ski Report – Winter 2025–26 Alpine market Alpine property Residential 10 November 2025 Spotlight on Wealth Trends Global Residential Lifestyle Research 10 November 2025 Security and Privacy Security Residential 10 November 2025 Family Environment Relocation residential property Next View all articles Subscribe to receive exclusive news and listings Send Success! You are now subscribed to the Savills mailing list. Sorry, something went wrong. Savills by region Africa Botswana Egypt Kenya Mauritius Mozambique Namibia The Seychelles South Africa Zambia Zimbabwe Americas & Caribbean The Bahamas Barbados Canada The Cayman Islands Mexico Puerto Rico Turks & Caicos USA Asia Pacific Australia China Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Japan Korea Macao SAR Malaysia New Zealand The Philippines Singapore Taiwan, China Thailand Vietnam Europe Austria Belgium Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hungary Ireland Italy Jersey Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Monaco Montenegro The Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Serbia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom Middle East Abu Dhabi Bahrain Dubai Israel Oman Pakistan Saudi Arabia Sharjah UAE Residential real estate Property for sale in Europe Property for sale in London Property for sale in the UK Property for sale in the US Property for sale in Australia Property for sale in the Caribbean Property to rent in Europe Property to rent in London Property to rent in the UK Property to rent in China Property to rent in the US Commercial real estate Property for sale in Europe Property for sale in London Property for sale in the UK Property to rent in Europe Property to rent in London Property to rent in the UK Rural real estate Farms for sale in Europe Farms for sale in the UK Farms to rent in Europe Farms to rent in the UK Services & Sectors Services Asset Management Buying or Selling Property Consultancy Development Finance Investment Letting or Renting Occupier Services Planning Research Property Management Valuation Sectors Affordable Housing Education Energy Healthcare Hotels Industrial & Logistics Infrastructure & Transport Leisure Marine Minerals & Commodities Mixed Use Office & Business Space Public Sector Residential Retail Rural Sports Venues Student Accommodation Trade-Related & Specialist Sectors Utilities, Oil and Gas Waste Management About Savills Our history Our business ethics Our management Group structure ESG at Savills More information Fraud Alerts Sitemap RSS Feeds Accessibility Feedback Slavery & Human Trafficking Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Manage Cookies Talk to us Find a Savills Office Find a Savills Employee All content © copyright Savills. All rights reserved. Savills plc, incorporated and registered in England and Wales. Registered office: 33 Margaret Street, London, W1G 0JD. Registered number: 2122174. Savills plc is a holding company, some of whose subsidiaries are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Find us on social Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Facebook YouTube