Savills UK | Estate Agents & Lettings UK & London | Commercial Property Cookies are a small file saved on your computer that help store preferences and other information that’s used on the web pages you visit.  See below for further information about the categories of cookies used on our site and your current preference settings. Turning any of these cookies off may affect your experience of the site. Find out more Manage cookies Allow all cookies Manage Cookies Cookies are a small file saved on your computer that help store preferences and other information that’s used on the web pages you visit.  See below for further information about the categories of cookies used on our site and your current preference settings. Turning any of these cookies off may affect your experience of the site. For more information about how we and our partners use cookies on our site, see our Cookie Policy Strictly necessary These cookies are necessary for the Savills website to function. Examples of this include: setting your privacy preferences, logging in to your Savills account, or filling in forms. Though these cookies cannot be switched off, you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but please be aware that this will stop some parts of the Savills website from functioning as intended. Find out more about strictly necessary cookies here . Always allowed Functional cookies These cookies are used to enhance the performance of the Savills website, as without them certain functions of the website may not be available. While they are not vital for the website to run, they allow us to remember important information and your preferences such as previous location searches. Find out more about functional cookies here . Allow Targeting & tracking These cookies record your activity on the Savills website and our partners may use that information to show you adverts that they think you will be most interested in when you visit other websites. We may also use information recorded by these cookies to see how well these adverts are performing. Find out more about targeting and tracking cookies here . Allow Save and close Allow all cookies Location and Language Selection Close United Kingdom Location Abu Dhabi Antigua Australia Austria The Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Botswana Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kenya Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Malaysia Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Mozambique Namibia The Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia The Seychelles Sharjah Singapore South Africa Spain St Kitts & Nevis Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe United Kingdom Abu Dhabi Antigua Australia Austria The Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Botswana Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kenya Korea Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Malaysia Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Mozambique Namibia The Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia The Seychelles Sharjah Singapore South Africa Spain St Kitts & Nevis Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Language English English English Book a valuation Search Close Site Search: Search My Account Menu Menu > Find a property > Market your property > Find a service > Why Savills > Insight & Opinion > Contact us Close Find a property Find a property Find the property that brings your vision to life. Tell us your wants, needs and aspirations and we won’t stop until we’ve found you the right fit. From first homes to rural land and commercial opportunities, we have a specialist expert that knows the market inside out. Search for a property Residential Search for a residential property Buy a property in London Rent a property in London New homes for sale Properties in Europe Properties in the Caribbean Properties in the US Properties in Asia Pacific Properties in The Alps Farms & Estates Search for rural property Farms for sale Estates for sale Equestrian property for sale Commercial Search for a commercial property Offices to lease in the UK Development land for sale in the UK Retail properties to lease in the UK Industrial properties to lease in the UK Leisure properties for sale in the UK Leisure properties to lease in the UK Hotels for sale in the UK Flexible office space Investment properties for sale in the UK Residential investment Student housing investment Have a question? We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Get in touch Wondering what it’s worth? Get specialist advice for residential, commercial or rural property, grounded in our local, regional and international market knowledge. Book a valuation Property auctions As one of the UK’s leading auction houses, we offer a large selection of residential and commercial property for sale by auction. More Information What will increased income tax exposure mean for private landlords? Residential 26 November 2025 A two percentage point increase in income tax on investment income is likely to disproportionately affect smaller, mortgaged buy-to-let (BTL) landlords; not least given the restricted tax reliefs available to them. Read this article Market your property Know your property’s value Book a no obligation valuation with one of our local experts to understand what your property could be worth. Prefer virtual? We can do that too. Book a valuation Stay informed with MySavills Track the progress of your sale or let, access key documents, and stay up to date with upcoming events and tasks - all in one place. Discover MySavills Have a question? We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Get in touch Market your property From country cottages to city offices, agricultural land to new-build developments, we’ll help you find the right buyer or tenant for your property. More Information Selling a Residential Property Letting a Residential Property Auctioning a Property Selling a Mews Property Selling New-Build Property Selling International Property Selling a Farm Selling a Fishing Beat Selling a Forest or Woodland Selling a Quarry or Waste Management Facility Selling a Shoot Selling an Estate Selling Country Property Selling Equestrian Property Selling Waterfront Property Interior, Furnishing and Refurbishment Services Private Office Selling Commercial Property Selling Healthcare Property Selling Leisure or Trade-Related Property New Year, New Momentum: What 2025’s global real estate markets tells us about 2026 Commercial Investment 28 November 2025 After a turbulent few years, global real estate capital markets have shown clear signs of recovery throughout 2025. By the end of Q3, global investment turnover reached approximately $633 billion – an 10% increase year-on-year. While still below pre-pandemic highs, the rebound is broad-based across geographies and sectors. Read this article Find a service Find a service Savills offers a wide range of specialist services from financial and investment advice to valuation, planning and property management. More Information Asset Management Auctions Buying or Selling Consultancy Development Finance Global Occupier Services Investment Letting or Renting Planning Private Office Property Management Research Savills Earth (ESG Consulting) Valuation Browse by sector Our services cover a broad range of property sectors. More Information Affordable Housing Architecture Auctions Automotive Branded Residences Children's Day Nurseries Data Centres Education Energy & Sustainability Estates Food & Farming Forestry Garden Centres Healthcare Hotels Industrial & Logistics Infrastructure Leisure Marina Minerals & Commodities Mixed Use Office & Business Space Operational Capital Markets Public Sector Pubs, Bars & Restaurants Residential Residential Investment & Development Residential Development Sales Retail Rural Science & Technology Self Storage Senior Living Serviced Offices Shopping Centres Sports Venues Student Accommodation Trade-Related Utilities Visitor Attractions Waste Management Know your property’s value Book a no obligation valuation with one of our local experts to understand what your property could be worth. Prefer virtual? We can do that too. Book a valuation Have a question? We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Get in touch Find your nearest office Over 42,000 people work for us in more than 70 countries all over the world. Trusted relationships are at the heart of our business. We listen to your needs and aspirations to create bespoke solutions that bring your vision to life. Find your local office Why Savills Why Savills For over 170 years, we’ve been helping people thrive through places and spaces. With more than 42,000 professionals dedicated to commercial and prime residential real estate across 70 countries, no matter where you are, we have the expertise to bring your vision to life. More Information Built on integrity Trust, honesty and professionalism are at the heart of our lasting relationships, giving clients, colleagues and investors the confidence to work with us. See our ethics At the forefront of technology The ever-evolving world of technology has endless opportunities for your property ambitions. We can help you harness the latest tools to pioneer new ground and drive results. Find out more Awards Over the years we have been recognised as ‘best in class’ in a diverse range of disciplines. More Information Sustainability & ESG We aim to make a positive impact on the communities in which we operate and one the environment, both directly, and through advisory work with our clients. More Information Investor relations Savills Plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange within the FTSE250 index. Our annual reports and investor updates can be found online. Visit our Investor Relations site Diversity & Inclusion At Savills we believe that diversity and inclusion is fundamental to our business and as such, it is a huge priority for the business, the people we employ and for the people we come into contact with through places and spaces. More information Insight & Opinion Insight & Opinion Get the latest trends and predictions from inside the real estate industry. Whether you’re interested in residential, commercial or rural updates, our experts bring you the leading advice and analysis to help you make better property decision. Research Be empowered to make better property decisions with our world-leading research. From market trends to regional nuances, future forecasts and in-depth analysis, our specialist teams will keep you in the know. Browse our market research Subscribe to Savills Research Residential reports Residential forecasts Office reports Retail reports Rural reports Residential property prices and trends Commercial reports ESG Research Industrial reports Residential housing, development and investment Savills Indices Emerging Trends Research services Webinars The Savills Blog The Savills Blog brings you the latest news, expert opinions, helpful guides and top tips on all things property. Explore the Savills Blog Savills News Want to know what’s going on in our business and across the property industry? We’re right there at the forefront constantly keeping you updated. See the latest Savills Podcasts Keep yourself informed on the ‘real’ behind the real estate headlines, our podcast brings you engaging and insightful discussion with experts across our global business on the issues that matter most in property. Listen to the podcasts Portfolio by Savills Portfolio by Savills seamlessly blends the latest trends, inspirational lifestyle content, and the world’s finest properties with the expert insight and analysis you would expect from Savills. Portfolio has property at its heart, and we’d like you to be part of it. Explore Portfolio by Savills Contact us Find your nearest office Over 42,000 people work for us in more than 70 countries all over the world. Trusted relationships are at the heart of our business. We listen to your needs and aspirations to create bespoke solutions that bring your vision to life. Find your local office Our offices by region London East of England East Midlands North East North West South East South West West Midlands Yorkshire & The Humber Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Channel Islands Find a person We’re listening. Whatever your property ambitions, we’re here to help. Find a local expert Find your place to thrive Savills is an organisation full of extraordinary individuals. We empower our people with the opportunities to make a real, positive impact, with support to reach their full potential. Explore careers Current Vacancies How can we help? We're here to provide you with more information, answer any questions you may have, or connect you with the right people to help with your needs. Get in touch today Balancing food production and the environment: the role of regenerative farming and the SFI Rural 28 November 2025 Regenerative agriculture, sustainable farming, conservation ag – call it what you will, there has been a significant shift on UK farms in recent years towards practices that look to balance financially viable food production and environmental benefit. Read this article Put your home in expert hands Moving with us means local insight, honest advice and exceptional service – every step of the way. Let our clients tell you why they recommend a move with Savills. Find out more Here to help you thrive If it matters to you, it matters to us Over 42,000 people work for us in more than 70 countries all over the world. Trusted relationships are at the heart of our business. We listen to your needs and aspirations to create bespoke solutions that bring your vision to life. Find a person or office Empowering you with world-class research You make the best decisions when you have the right strategic information. We’ll arm you with pioneering data and expert advice from across the industry. Explore our latest research Making your progress our priority We’ll always be open and honest with you, constructively challenging you and ourselves on the pursuit of the best results. By collaborating across global and local networks, we make sure you have the right expert for every stage of your project. Learn more about Savills Find out more about Savills Wondering what your property is worth? Get specialist advice for residential, commercial or rural properties, grounded in our local, regional and international market knowledge. Book a valuation Learn more Learn More Portfolio by Savills Portfolio by Savills seamlessly blends the latest trends, inspirational lifestyle content, and the world’s finest properties with the expert insight and analysis you would expect from Savills. Explore Portfolio by Savills A service for every goal Discover our wide range of specialist services, from financial and investment advice to valuation, planning and property management. Services to fulfill your needs 300+ Offices and associates worldwide 700+ Employees 42,000+ Expert researchers 200+ Explore all services How can we help? Ready to start a conversation, or just looking for some advice? Get in touch to find out how we can help you make better property decisions. Get in touch Insight & Opinion The latest UK and international property market news and opinions, plus helpful guides and top tips from our renowned industry experts. View all articles Subscribe to receive exclusive news and listings free Send Success! You are now subscribed to the Savills mailing list. Sorry, something went wrong. Residential Property For sale Property for sale Property for sale Scotland Property for sale England Property for sale Wales Property for sale in London New developments for sale in England New developments for sale in London New developments for sale in Scotland For rent Property to rent in UK Property to rent Scotland Property to rent England Property to rent Wales Property to rent in London New developments to rent in England New developments to rent in London New developments to rent in Scotland Commercial Property For sale Commercial property for sale Development property for sale Industrial properties for sale Leisure properties for sale Offices for sale Hotels for sale Land for sale Industrial property for sale England Hotels for sale in England Offices for sale in England Flexible office space For rent Office property to let Industrial property to let Pubs to let Rural Property Rural property for sale Farms for sale Equestrian property for sale Country estates for sale Property Auctions Auctioning a Probate Property Commercial Property Auctions Residential Property Auctions International Property for sale in Europe Property for sale in France Property for sale in the US Property for sale in Italy Property for sale in Australia Property for sale in Spain Offices All UK offices UK offices by county London Offices Find an office worldwide Services & Sectors Services Asset Management Buying or Selling Consultancy Development Finance Investment Letting or Renting Occupier Services Planning Property Management Research Valuation Sectors Affordable Housing Automotive Branded Residences Central London Retail Children's Day Nurseries Data Centres Education Energy & Sustainability Estates Food and Farming Forestry Garden Centres Healthcare Hotels Industrial And logistics Infrastructure & Transport International Farmland Leisure Marinas Minerals and Commodities Mixed Use Office & Business Space Public Sector Pubs, Bars & Restaurants Residential Retail Rural Science & Technology Self Storage Senior Living Serviced Offices Shopping Centres Sports Venues Student Accommodation Trade-Related & Specialist Sectors Utilities Vineyards Visitor Attractions Waste Management Wedding Venues More Information Fraud Alerts Sitemap RSS Feeds Accessibility Feedback TDS Explained Provision of Services Slavery & Human Trafficking Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Manage Cookies Client Money Protection Scotland Letting Agent Code of Practice Residential Stamp Duty Calculator Commercial Stamp Duty Calculator Buy-to-let Stamp Duty Calculator Rental Yield Calculator Land & Buildings Transaction Tax (LBTT) Calculator ESG at Savills Fees & Charges Residential Tenant Fees & Charges Residential Landlord Fees & Charges Talk to Us Find a Savills Office Find a Savills Employee Book a Property Valuation Careers with Savills Ask a Question Investor Relations All content © copyright Savills. All rights reserved. Savills plc, incorporated and registered in England and Wales. Registered office: 33 Margaret Street, London, W1G 0JD. Registered number: 2122174. Savills plc is a holding company, some of whose subsidiaries are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), and some of whose subsidiaries are regulated by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS). Find us on social X LinkedIn Instagram Facebook YouTube