Skip to content
Online banking
Private banking
Straight2Bank
Contact us
Locations
About us
Our businesses
Investors
Insights
Media
Careers

Global Private Bank

The Great Repositioning

A shift is underway as ultra-wealthy families rewire for a fractured world. Our new research reveals how.

Explore the report
Wealth & Retail Banking

Wealth & Retail Banking serves the local and international banking needs of clients across the wealth continuum from Personal to Priority and Private Banking, as well as Small and Medium Enterprises.

Learn more
Corporate & Investment Banking

Corporate & Investment Banking supports large corporations, development organisations, governments, banks and investors to access cross-border trade and investment opportunities.

Learn more
Be fraud aware

Stay informed about the latest methods and find out how you can report suspicious activity to help us fight back against fraud.

Learn more
Make a difference

Explore careers with Standard Chartered and find a role which expands your horizons.

Learn more
About Standard Chartered

Discover our people, markets and business strategy.

Explore our business
Site footer
Footer Menu 0
Accessibility
Cookie policy
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Modern slavery statement
Regulatory disclosures
Straight2Bank onboarding portal
Our Code of Conduct and Ethics
Footer Menu 1
Online security
Fighting financial crime
Our suppliers
FAQs
Our locations
Contact us
Sitemap
Manage cookies
Social Menu
Facebook
(Opens in a new window)
Instagram
(Opens in a new window)
Twitter
(Opens in a new window)
LinkedIn
(Opens in a new window)
YouTube
(Opens in a new window)

© Standard Chartered 2025.
All Rights Reserved.

Cookie preferences
We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage Cookies”. To reject all cookies (except essential cookies), select “Accept essential cookies only”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. To change your cookie preference, please ensure that cookie/browsing history is cleared. If you’d like to learn about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit ourcookie policy
Manage cookies
Accept essential cookies only Accept all