Scalable Capital - Bank, Broker & Robo-Advisor Skip to main content English English Deposit cash or initiate account transfer and secure up to €2,500 bonus. Invest with Scalable Capital A Bank for the whole Family Better than ever: 2% interest p.a.*, investing and financing. Now for the whole Family. Open an account Investing involves risks . Scalable Kid’s account Empower your child’s financial future with the Scalable Broker or Wealth . With Pocket Money on top: Hundreds of Kids' ETFs at zero annual fee and 0% Wealth management fee 1 . Experience investing made simple Empowering everyone We believe investing should be for everyone. Take confident steps toward your financial future with low fees. Invest your way Manage your portfolio with our Broker or let our Wealth experts guide you – your journey, your choice. Seamless experience Innovative technology ensures your experience is not just simple, but enjoyable, allowing you to focus on what truly matters – your goals. Broker Self-investing Trade stocks, ETFs, crypto & more, and set up savings plans from just €1. Interest of 2% p.a.* on cash. Learn more Wealth Automated investing Relaxed, intelligent and automated: Professional, cost-effective portfolio management by our experts. Learn more 2% interest Earn 2% interest p.a.* on unlimited cash in PRIME+ and up to €100.000 in FREE. Learn more 1 Special conditions apply. There are risks associated with investing. The value of your investment may fall or rise. Losses of the capital invested may occur. Past performance, simulations or forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance. Please refer to our risk information . *2% p.a. interest (variable) on Broker cash balances unlimited in PRIME+ and up to €100,000 in FREE. The interest rate is based, among other things, on the respective market rate. The allocation of cash balances is variable and takes into account available capacities and conditions. Balances at banks are protected up to €100,000 per client per bank under the statutory deposit guarantee. For qualifying money market funds, instead of the statutory deposit guarantee, European investor protection rules (UCITS) apply regardless of the amount. Please note our risk information on the safekeeping of cash balances. Further information on interest is available here . Scalable Capital Status Careers Newsroom About us Security Knowledge FAQ Interest Scalable World ETF ETF savings plans Retirement savings Financial Terms Glossary Information Documents Data Protection Legal information Sustainability-related disclosures Privacy settings Contact | Copyright © Scalable Capital Bank GmbH | All rights reserved.