European. Cloud. AI. | Scaleway Skip to login Skip to main content Skip to footer section Open Blog Docs Contact English en Français fr Log in Sign up Dedicated Servers Dedibox - dedicated servers Start Affordable servers with the best price-performance ratio on the market Pro Perfect balance of processing power, memory and storage Core The high performance backbone of your mission-critical infrastructure Store For mission-critical data, fast storage, backup and streaming GPU Dedicated GPU power with reliable performance and stability Dedirack Host your Hardware in our secured French datacenters Dedibox VPS 60 locations worldwide, starting at €4,99/month Elastic Metal - bare metal cloud Aluminium Fully dedicated bare metal servers with native cloud integration, at the best price Beryllium Powerful, balanced and reliable servers for production-grade applications Iridium Powerful dedicated server designed to handle high-workload applications Lithium Designed with huge local storage to keep, back up, and protect your data Titanium Power and stability of dedicated GPU hardware integrated into the Scaleway ecosystem RISC-V (Labs) The world's first RISC-V servers available in the cloud. Apple Mac mini M1 Enjoy the Mac mini experience with great simplicity Mac mini M2 Perform your daily tasks with speed and efficiency Mac mini M2 Pro Step up to Pro-level performance Mac mini M4 Latest Apple silicon chip for intensive use cases Mac mini M4 Pro Built for AI and the most complex workflows Compute Virtual Instances Development Instances Ideal for building, testing, and deploying lightweight applications General Purpose Instances The best best balance of performance and value for a wide range of workloads Compute Optimized Instances Built for raw CPU power and compute-intensive applications Memory Optimized Instances Designed for data-intensive workloads requiring large amounts of RAM Compare our CPU Instances Not sure which virtual machine is right for you? We’ve got you covered! GPU L4 GPU Instance Maximize your AI infrastructures with a versatile Instance L40S GPU Instance Universal Instance, faster than L4 and cheaper than H100 PCIe H100 Accelerate AI applications' development with H100 SXM and H100 PCIe GPU Instances B300-SXM Push the boundaries of performance with NVIDIA's Blackwell architecture. Render GPU Instances Dedicated Tesla P100s for all your Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence needs. Compare our GPU Instances Explore your options and compare them side-by-side Serverless Serverless Functions Experience an easy way to run your code on the cloud Serverless Containers Easily run containers on the cloud with a single command Serverless Jobs Run batches of tasks in the cloud Containers Kubernetes Kapsule Kubernetes exclusively for Scaleway products and resources Kubernetes Kosmos Multi-cloud Kubernetes for Scaleway and external providers resources Container Registry An easy-to-use Docker repository AI Clusters Custom-built Clusters Build the next Foundation Model with one of the fastest and most energy-efficient supercomputers in the world On Demand Cluster Rent a GPU-cluster from 32 to more than a thousand GPUs to speed up distributed training Model-as-a-service Generative APIs Consume AI models instantly via a simple API call. All hosted in Europe Inference Deploy AI models in a dedicated inference infrastructure. Get tailored security and predictable throughput Moshi (Labs) Chat with the first of its kind speech-to-speech AI model GPU Instances L40S GPU Instance Accelerate the next generation of AI-enabled applications with the universal L40S GPU Instance, faster than L4 and cheaper than H100 PCIe L4 GPU Instance Maximize your AI infrastructure's potential with a versatile and cost-effective GPU Instance H100 GPU Instance Accelerate AI applications' development with H100 SXM and H100 PCIe GPU Instances Render GPU Instance Dedicated Tesla P100s for all your Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence needs B300-SXM GPU Instances Push the boundaries of performance with NVIDIA's Blackwell architecture. Compare our GPU Instances Explore your options and compare them side-by-side Storage Storage Object Storage Amazon S3-compatible and Multi-AZ resilient object storage service. Ensuring high availability for your data Scaleway Glacier Cold Storage class to secure long-term object storage. Ideal for deep archived data. Block Storage Flexible and reliable storage for demanding workloads Network Network Virtual Private Cloud Secure your cloud resources with ease on a resilient regional network IPAM (IP Address Manager) Centralize and simplify your Scaleway IP address management Connectivity Public Gateway Improve the performance of your services as you grow. Scaleway InterLink Establish a hosted connection from your infrastructure to your VPC via a partner's network Domains and DNS Buy domain names and manage DNS directly with your favorite extensions Traffic & Security Load Balancer Improve the performance of your services as you grow. Edge Services Expose your HTTP services to the internet with security, reliability, and efficiency by design WAF Protect your web applications by proactively detecting and blocking cyber threats. Data Databases Managed Database for PostgreSQL and MySQL Start seamless database operations Serverless SQL Database Go full serverless and take the complexity out of PostgreSQL database Managed Database for Redis® Fully managed Redis®* in seconds Managed MongoDB® Create a scalable, secure, and fully managed NoSQL solution Data Warehouse for ClickHouse® Query large data without managing servers Messaging and Queuing NATS Build distributed and scalable client-server applications Queues Create a queue, configure its delivery and message parameters Topics and Events Sent to a variety of devices and platforms through a single code interface Clusters for Apache Kafka® Stream real-time data and events effortlessly with a fully managed scalable Apache Kafka service. Tools Managed Services Cockpit Monitor infrastructures in minutes with a fully managed observability solution Web hosting Hosting for individuals, professionals, and everyone in between. Web Platform Ship your applications only in a few clicks. Transactional Email Instant delivery of your transactional emails Data Lab for Apache Spark™ Speed up data processing over very large volumes of data with an Apache Spark™ managed solution Cloud Essentials Deploy open-source technologies faster, scale effortlessly, and focus on innovation Security & Organization Identity and Access Management (IAM) The easiest way to safely collaborate in the cloud Secret Manager Protect your sensitive data across your cloud infrastructure Key Manager Automate your encryption keys management to reach another level of security Cost Manager Easily track your consumption in an all-in-one tool Environmental Footprint Calculator Accurately track your environmental impact and make informed choices Developer Tools Scaleway API The Public Interface for developers CLI Deploy and manage your infrastructure directly from the command line Terraform Securely and efficiently provision and manage Infrastructure as Code with Terraform Quantum Quantum as a Service Quantum as a Service (Labs) Hybrid platform tailored for Quantum Computing Solutions Industries Gaming Public Sector Media and Entertainment Retail and E-commerce Financial Services Industrial Technology Healthcare Use Cases AI Solutions Cloud Storage Solutions Kubernetes Solutions Serverless Applications Managed Web Hosting For Startups Apply for Startup Program Founders Program Early Stage Program Growth Stage Resources Ecosystem All products Product updates Betas Changelog Blog Community Slack Community Feature Requests Scaleway Learning Company Events Careers About us News Marketplace Customer Testimonials Environmental Leadership Partnership Partners Program Find your partner Become a Partner Pricing European. Cloud. AI. Build, train, deploy and scale AI models and intelligent applications on a resilient and sustainable cloud ecosystem. Create your account 65 Points of presence worldwide 20 Years of experience in building Cloud services 80+ Cloud products and services 38k+ Customers grow with Scaleway They trust us Mistral AI Aternos Hugging Face Golem.ai We're currently working on Scaleway SuperPod, which is performing exceptionally well. ” Arthur Mensch Co-Founder & CEO, Mistral AI Thanks to Scaleway's exceptional customer assistance, expanding our business onto the cloud was a smooth experience. ” Matthias Neid CEO, Aternos We've benchmarked a bit of Nabu 2023, Scaleway AI Supercomputer and achieved very appropriate results compared to other CSPs. We can't wait to benchmark the full 127 DGX nodes! ” Guillaume Salou ML Infra Lead, Hugging Face We chose Scaleway because it allows us to combine the advantages of a sovereign player, close to our values, and a Cloud offer at the level of the market leaders. ” Killian Vermersch Co-Founder & CEO, Golem.ai New Discover 
our AI Product
Range Scaleway provides a full range of Cloud services to develop innovative solutions and scale AI projects from A to Z. Discover the latest additions to our AI Suite Discover all our AI solutions Power Your Projects
and Scale with Trust, Security, and Compliance Manage Your Costs Scale Your Business, Not Your Billing. We offer simple and predictable pricing, with both ingress and egress included in most of our products and no hidden costs. Secure Your Data Ensure Your Security with distributed hosting compliance and certified data centers. Collaborate safely within our ecosystem, thanks to GDPR compliance and robust technical measures for data security. Maintain Your Sovereignty As a European alternative to hyperscalers, we ensure the data sovereignty of our customers. Create your architecture in a redundant ecosystem, with three availability zones in each of our regions. Get the Support You Need Enjoy Your Cloud experience, and get the support you need at each step. We provide 24/7 technical assistance, with fast response and exclusive services from our experts. Rely on a collaborative community to get support from developers. A European Cloud Provider with high-performing infrastructure Bare Metal Discover the power of true hardware isolation and full control over your infrastructure with our bare metal ranges. Choose between our renowned Dedibox range, our cloud-compatible Elastic Metal range, or the Apple Mac mini options. See more Compute Get the right instances for every workload, from development to production. Start in seconds at unbeatable prices and scale up to resilient, production-grade computing power. See more Network Enhance the performance and reliability of your infrastructure, including Multi-AZ VPC for high availability, Load Balancer for efficient traffic distribution, and Domains & DNS services for seamless domain management and resolution. See more Storage & Database Efficiently manage and scale your data storage and database requirements with Object Storage and Block Storage for flexible data storage, as well as Managed Databases services for simplified database management. See more Containers Simplify the development of your applications with Container services to facilitate the management and portability of your infrastructure. From Managed Kubernetes to Serverless Containers, you will have all you need to scale your containerized apps. See more AI and Machine Learning A high-performance cloud platform supported by a range of AI services. We provide modern GPU-based infrastructures to enable multi-node training of LLMs and simple node training. We will soon launch a full range of GPU H100 services. See more Choose the cloud that makes sense Customer data sovereignty Dependency is the enemy of resilience. Customers want their data hosted by a regional provider. Gain sovereignty with our multi-cloud tools & infrastructure. Sustainable data centers We recycle our hardware, only use renewable energy and pay close attention to our water usage. Also, our Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) is displayed online 24/7 for you to see for yourself. Low latency Every complete cloud ecosystem needs 100% reliability, which is why we provide nine Availability Zones in three different regions. Start your Cloud journey with the right resources Documentation Get started with peace of mind when you build your infrastructure with the help of technical documentation, step-by-step tutorial, code sample, developer videos and guide. See our documentation API Enjoy the convenience of our API, command line interface (CLI), and developer tools, allowing you to conquer your cloud management goals with unparalleled ease and efficiency. Discover Scaleway API Changelog and Status Stay informed and connected with Scaleway services through our operational Status page, offering real-time updates on the platform, and access our changelog for the latest news and updates regarding our product portfolio. Check out our changelog Products All Products Betas Bare Metal Dedibox Elastic Metal Compute Instances GPU Containers Object Storage Block Storage Resources Documentation Changelog Blog Feature Requests Slack Community Contact Create a ticket Report Abuse Status Dedibox Console online.net Support Brand resources Company About us Events Marketplace Environmental Leadership Social Responsibility Security Shared Responsibility Model News Careers Scaleway Learning Client Success Stories Labs Follow us linkedIn YouTube x instagram slack Contracts Legal Notice Privacy Policy Cookie Security Measures Accessibility Statement Service Level Agreement © 1999- 2025 - Scaleway SAS