Skip to login
Skip to main content
Skip to footer section
Blog
Docs
Contact
ENGLISH
EN
FRANÇAIS
FR
Log in
Sign up
Dedicated Servers
Compute
AI
Storage
Network
Data
Tools
Quantum
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
European. Cloud. AI.

Build, train, deploy and scale AI models and intelligent applications on a resilient and sustainable cloud ecosystem.

Create your account
65
Points of presence worldwide
20
Years of experience in building Cloud services
80+
Cloud products and services
38k+
Customers grow with Scaleway
They trust us
Mistral AI
Aternos
Hugging Face
Golem.ai

We're currently working on Scaleway SuperPod, which is performing exceptionally well.”

Arthur Mensch Co-Founder & CEO, Mistral AI
NEW
Discover
our AI Product
Range

Scaleway provides a full range of Cloud services to develop innovative solutions and scale AI projects from A to Z. Discover the latest additions to our AI Suite

Discover all our AI solutions
Power Your Projects
and Scale with Trust, Security, and Compliance
Manage Your Costs

Scale Your Business, Not Your Billing. We offer simple and predictable pricing, with both ingress and egress included in most of our products and no hidden costs.

Secure Your Data

Ensure Your Security with distributed hosting compliance and certified data centers. Collaborate safely within our ecosystem, thanks to GDPR compliance and robust technical measures for data security.

Maintain Your Sovereignty

As a European alternative to hyperscalers, we ensure the data sovereignty of our customers. Create your architecture in a redundant ecosystem, with three availability zones in each of our regions.

Get the Support You Need

Enjoy Your Cloud experience, and get the support you need at each step. We provide 24/7 technical assistance, with fast response and exclusive services from our experts. Rely on a collaborative community to get support from developers.

A European
Cloud Provider
with high-performing
infrastructure
Bare Metal

Discover the power of true hardware isolation and full control over your infrastructure with our bare metal ranges. Choose between our renowned Dedibox range, our cloud-compatible Elastic Metal range, or the Apple Mac mini options.

See more
Compute

Get the right instances for every workload, from development to production. Start in seconds at unbeatable prices and scale up to resilient, production-grade computing power.

See more
Network

Enhance the performance and reliability of your infrastructure, including Multi-AZ VPC for high availability, Load Balancer for efficient traffic distribution, and Domains & DNS services for seamless domain management and resolution.

See more
Storage & Database

Efficiently manage and scale your data storage and database requirements with Object Storage and Block Storage for flexible data storage, as well as Managed Databases services for simplified database management.

See more
Containers

Simplify the development of your applications with Container services to facilitate the management and portability of your infrastructure. From Managed Kubernetes to Serverless Containers, you will have all you need to scale your containerized apps.

See more
AI and Machine Learning

A high-performance cloud platform supported by a range of AI services. We provide modern GPU-based infrastructures to enable multi-node training of LLMs and simple node training. We will soon launch a full range of GPU H100 services.

See more
Choose the cloud that makes sense
Customer data sovereignty

Dependency is the enemy of resilience. Customers want their data hosted by a regional provider. Gain sovereignty with our multi-cloud tools & infrastructure.

Sustainable data centers

We recycle our hardware, only use renewable energy and pay close attention to our water usage. Also, our Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) is displayed online 24/7 for you to see for yourself.

Low latency

Every complete cloud ecosystem needs 100% reliability, which is why we provide nine Availability Zones in three different regions.

Start your Cloud journey with the right resources
Documentation

Get started with peace of mind when you build your infrastructure with the help of technical documentation, step-by-step tutorial, code sample, developer videos and guide.

See our documentation
API

Enjoy the convenience of our API, command line interface (CLI), and developer tools, allowing you to conquer your cloud management goals with unparalleled ease and efficiency.

Discover Scaleway API
Changelog and Status

Stay informed and connected with Scaleway services through our operational Status page, offering real-time updates on the platform, and access our changelog for the latest news and updates regarding our product portfolio.

Check out our changelog
Products
All Products
Betas
Bare Metal
Dedibox
Elastic Metal
Compute Instances
GPU
Containers
Object Storage
Block Storage
Resources
Documentation
Changelog
Blog
Feature Requests
Slack Community
Contact
Create a ticket
Report Abuse
Status
Dedibox Console online.net
Support
Brand resources
Company
About us
Events
Marketplace
Environmental Leadership
Social Responsibility
Security
Shared Responsibility Model
News
Careers
Scaleway Learning
Client Success Stories
Labs

Follow us

linkedIn
YouTube
x
instagram
slack
Contracts
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie
Security Measures
Accessibility Statement
Service Level Agreement
© 1999-2025 - Scaleway SAS
Cookie time!

We use cookies in order to improve our website and to offer you a better experience. You can also consult our Cookie policy.

Manage your preferences
Accept all
Reject all