Skip to main content
CORPORATE WEBSITE
About Scania
Products and services
Electrification
Sustainable transport
Innovation
Career
Investors
Newsroom
Welcome to Scania

Our purpose is to drive the shift towards a sustainable transport system, creating a world of mobility that is better for business, society and the environment.

Scania demon­strates the art of world-​class engineering as self-​driving trucks enable excep­tional challenge

Scania’s autonomous trucks with cutting-edge AI-based technology are going to change how the world moves within the near future. Check out this successful completion of a groundbreaking challenge that redefines the boundaries of self-driving vehicle technology and human achievement.

Explore the epic challenge
It's just special. The Scania Way.

Every journey deserves more than just performance –  it deserves perfection. At Scania, excellence isn’t an option, it’s a mindset. From the first design sketch to the final kilometre – every truck, service, and innovation is built with precision and dedication. Because for us, it’s not just about moving goods – it’s about setting new standards.

Discover what makes Scania special
Extending the electric bus and coach portfolio with high floor chassis

Scania’s new high-floor battery-electric bus and coach platform marks a significant step in the transition to sustainable transport. With an installed energy capacity of up to 534 kWh and a range of up to 600 km, it is designed to meet the requirements of both urban transit systems and coach operations. The combination of flexibility, efficiency, and robustness makes it suitable for use all over the world.

Explore our electric buses and coaches
Our new bus and coach power­train

Scania’s new bus and coach powertrain platform takes people transport to the next level — delivering up to 8% fuel savings with our advanced 13-litre engine, and up to 40% lower emissions with the plug-in hybrid option. Built on the award-winning SUPER truck technology, it offers the perfect balance of efficiency, performance and comfort — all while keeping your operations profitable and future-ready.

Discover the new powertrain
News
Scania marks historic milestone with new global industrial hub in China

Scania opens its third global industrial hub in China, further strengthening its commitment to sustainable transport and growth in the world’s largest truck market.

Scania Performance Summary Q3

Challenging market conditions weigh on profitability, while order intake improves in the third quarter. 

Autonomous trucks can help address transport industry’s driver shortage issue

Will driverless vehicles reduce the need for human drivers? At Scania, we believe technology and people will complement each other.

Driving the future of heavy transport – LBC Frakt’s electrification journey

LBC Frakt leads the way in heavy transport electrification with Scania and Stora Enso, shaping a sustainable future together.

Go to our newsroom
Scania intro­duces - the new Super 11-litre engine

Scania launches a new member in the Scania Super family – the Super 11 engine. A lighter, more efficient solution for high-performance transport. With a compact footprint, up to 7 percent fuel savings and Scania’s signature engineering intelligence, the new Super 11 engine expands the Super powertrain portfolio to meet the needs of weight-sensitive and energy-efficient applications.

Discover Super 11
We drive real change

With some 58,000 employees in more than 100 countries,  Scania is a truly global player. At Scania you’ll be part of a company with over 130-year track record of innovation, as we continue on our ambitious journey to drive the shift towards sustainable transport.

Join the Scania team
Trans­port solutions

By combining smart transport solutions, technological innovation and partnerships, we’re working to make sustainable transport a reality.

Discover Scania’s transport solutions
Our commit­ments

Our Science based targets commits us to reduce emissions at the scale and pace science dictates necessary to limit global warming.

Scania’s sustainability commitments
Road safety

Scania provides a wide range of safety solutions to protect drivers, passengers and fellow road users against the dangers of the road. 

Find out more about our safety solutions
Visit Scania in your country

Visit your market website for more detailed information and get in contact with your local sales person.

Go to your local market site
About Scania
Scania in brief
Innovation
Corporate governance
Visit your local website
Site map
Sustainability
Sustainability at Scania
Sustainable transport
Responsible business
Initiative and commitments
Progress and documentation
Career
Available positions
Life at Scania
Students and graduates
Career opportunities
Investors
Financial reports
Bondholders
Newsroom
News
Press releases
Image and videos
Vehicle support
Rescue and towing
Radio manuals
Radio type approval information
Legal notice
Privacy statement
Contact us
Whistleblowing
Rescue and Towing
Cookies
Cookie settings

© Copyright Scania 2025 All rights reserved. Scania CV AB (publ), SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden. Tel: +46-8-55 38 10 00

Cookie information
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking “I accept”, you are agreeing to give your consent to all cookies being used and the information being shared. You can also manage your cookies by clicking the “Cookie settings” and selecting the categories you’d like to accept. For a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text. Cookie policy
Cookie settings
Reject all
I accept