Perfume & Cologne Subscription Box from $8.97 | Scentbird Skip to main content Get 50% off your first month of Scentbird Perfumes Colognes Premium Beauty Shop Discover Gifting Log in Try now Over 1000 designer scents, $17.95 $8.97 first month Skip the department store. We'll deliver new designer scents to you every month. Deal ends in: 20 minutes : 00 seconds Try first month for $8.97 $17.95 50% off + a free case How it works 1. Take the quiz and find your scents Get personalized fragrance recommendations from over 1000+ fragrances . 2. Easily manage your deliveries Choose the fragrances you love and arrange your monthly deliveries. Skip or cancel anytime. 3. Enjoy your fragrance for the entire month Get a supply of your chosen fragrance delivered to your door. Travel-size 8mL: ~120 sprays, lasts 30 days. Try first month for $8.97 $17.95 Cancel anytime • free us shipping Fragrance family Citrus Bright and sparkling - these scents boost your mood and energize your senses. Fragrances in this family center around the invigorating freshness of citrus notes such as lemons, oranges, bergamot, grapefruit, limes and mandarins. Take our quiz Fragrance family Amber gourmand Fragrances in this family are sweet, youthful and almost edible. Amber Gourmand fragrances feature opulent and sensual notes of amber and patchouli softened with gourmand notes such as vanilla, praline, cinnamon, and caramel. Take our quiz Fragrance family Woody Rich, textured and warm - these scents evoke assertive sensuality and confidence. Scents in this family are focused around the beautiful harmony between creamy, sensual woods and bold spices, blended with hints of sweetness and amber resin. Take our quiz Fragrance family Chypre Named after the famous “Chypre” fragrance created by François Coty, chypre scents are defined as a combination of five notes - citrus (often bergamot), floral (classically, rose or jasmine), woody (often patchouli), oakmoss, amber and/or musk. These timeless, woody fragrances are ideal for charismatic, original personalities who want to wear unique scents. Take our quiz And 14 more fragrance families Tell us about your fragrance preferences to find your scent profile. Take our quiz Authentic fragrances from designer brands You deserve the best, especially when it comes to your scents. That's why we partner brands you know and love to ensure you get authentic fragrances. Get started with a quiz As featured in Best perfume subscription “Scentbird offers a convenient way to explore your signature scent.” “Scent-sational monthly subscription box that delivers a new perfume to your doorstep each month.” Select what you'd like to try from our best sellers Perfumes Colognes Over 1000 fragrances (and counting!) are waiting for you Create your account FAQ Continue Scentbird Perfumes Colognes Beauty Perfume subscription Cologne subscription Shop Car & Home Scents by Drift Confessions of a Rebel The Edit Fragrance cases Full-size fragrances Bath & Body Candles & Home scents The Gift Edit Discover Scent profile Scentbird Select Neiman’s Select All brands Scent Horoscope Featured brand Notes Library Fragrance family library Scent blog Scent World podcast About scentbird Help & Support About us Careers For the press SCENTBIRD ©2025, All right reserved. Made with love in New York City. 401 Cottontail LN, Somerset, NJ 08873 Privacy Policy Don’t sell my info Terms & Conditions Accessibility Cookies