This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Configure cookies
Accept
Decline
User Login
Solutions
How It Works
Pricing
Industries
Case Studies
Resources
Contact
End-to-End Schema Markup & Content Knowledge Graph Solution
Power AI Visibility using Schema Markup and Your Content Knowledge Graph

Leverage Schema App’s platform and experts to implement advanced Schema Markup at scale, build a high-quality content knowledge graph, and optimize your website for AI visibility and search.

OUR SOLUTION
SCHEDULE A DEMO

4.75/5 on G2 (18)

4.9/5 on Capterra (18)

The World’s Leading Enterprises Trust Schema App

Why Choose Schema App
A customized Schema Markup solution that scales with your complexities
Scalable, No-Code Solution

Dynamically generate and deploy accurate, connected Schema Markup across thousands of pages using the Schema App Highlighter. You’ll no longer need to manually create or update your structured data.

Entity-First Optimization

Identify, report, and optimize the entities on your website with our Entity Hub tools. We’ll help you build a precise content knowledge graph that enhances your brand’s visibility across AI-powered search experiences.

Partner with Experts

Get access to Schema Markup experts who will partner with your SEO team to develop and manage your Schema Markup strategy for long-term success and share industry best practices to help you stay ahead of the competition.

Overcome Enterprise Complexities

Whether you have a custom CMS or run a multi-domain multilingual site, our solution can help you overcome these challenges and enable your team to manage your Schema Markup with ease.

Lead with Innovation

Innovation is at the core of Schema App. We partner with you to innovate new features and products so that you get the tools you need to succeed and stay competitive.

Get Measurable ROI

Along with our Schema Performance Analytics tool, we provide regular business reviews to help your team and other stakeholders understand the impact of Schema Markup on your desired outcomes.

Learn more about the Schema App Solution
Leverage Schema Markup to Drive SEO and AI Search, Increase AI Efficiency, and Inform Your Content Marketing Strategy
Drive quality traffic on AI search engines

We implement accurate Schema Markup at scale on your website, so AI and search engines can understand your content and surface your web page to relevant search queries, driving more qualified traffic to your pages.

See how it works
Develop and optimize your Content Knowledge Graph

We utilize our Entity Hub tools to help you identify and optimize entities across your website, enabling a reusable Content Knowledge Graph that enhances AI search visibility, delivers actionable insights for your SEO and content strategy, and drives internal AI efficiencies.

Learn more about Entity Hub
Improve AI Accuracy Using Your Knowledge Graph & MCP

We make your organization’s Schema Markup and Content Knowledge Graph accessible to AI systems through our Model Context Protocol (MCP) Server. By connecting your Content Knowledge Graph to AI models, we enable more accurate, context-aware responses and help you operationalize semantic data for real-world AI applications.

Learn More
Achieve rich results on Google

We create custom Schema Markup strategies that align with your business goals and make your web pages eligible for rich results on Google. Rich results can help your page stand out on the SERP and increase click-through rates.

“The task automation, expertise outsourcing, and specialized SEO work provided by Schema App is nothing short of critical to our SEO success. It’s great to have total confidence that we are achieving the best possible results while being able to work with their sharp CSMs on new opportunities.”

Your Partner in the Evolving Marketing Landscape

With Schema App, you get more than a platform. You get an innovative partner who supports your team through the entire Schema Markup process to ensure long-term success.

Dedicated Support

Every customer at Schema App gets an assigned Customer Success Manager. From fixing issues to achieving your goals, our team is here to help you every step of the way.

Education & Training

We provide your team with the training and support they need to maximize their Schema Markup strategy and make the best use of our tools.

Actionable Insights

The world of search is constantly evolving. We equip your team with the latest industry news and trends so they can adapt and thrive in the long term.

Our Customers Achieve Amazing Results.
SEE OUR CUSTOMER STORIES
Futureproofing for AI Search with Knowledge Graphs
See Story
Added Agility and Scale with Schema App
See Story
Scalable Schema Markup across 19 sites
See Story
Added Advantage with Robust Schema Markup
See Story
Ready to implement Schema Markup at scale?

Get in touch with us to learn how Schema App can help you build a reusable Content Knowledge Graph to drive quality traffic, gain content insights, and stand out on AI search.

GET STARTED
SCHEDULE A DEMO
Connect
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Contacts
301 – 100 Stone Rd W
Guelph, Ontario
N1G 5L3
Canada

We acknowledge the Mississaugas of the Credit First Nation of the Anishinaabek Peoples on whose traditional territory we work.
+1 855-444-8624
Open Monday to Friday
8:30am - 5:00pm EST
support@schemaapp.com
About Us
About Schema App
Careers
Agency Referral Program
Recent Blogs
From Schema Markup to AI-Ready: How Schema App’s MCP Server Powers Trusted Assistants
Future-Proofing Healthcare Websites for AI Search: Lessons from HCIC 2025
How Entity SEO Supports Brand Authority in AI Search
Your Brand’s AI Concierge: How to Be Discoverable in the Agentic Web
Customer Support
Create a Ticket
Check Ticket Status
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Responsible AI Policy
Trust Center
Resources
Customer Support
Glossary
Training
Tutorials
Blog
Schema App Tools
Schema Paths Tool (free)
WikiData Lookup by Name (free)
Schema App Editor
Schema App Highlighter
Schema App Status
Status Checker

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Hunch Manifest Inc dba Schema App. All Rights Reserved. 