Manufacturer of elevators, escalators, & moving walkways | Schindler U.S. Manufacturer of elevators, escalators, & moving walkways Elevators Escalators & Moving walkways Services Careers Search Configure your solution Contact us Open navigation Manufacturer of elevators, escalators, & moving walkways Elevators Passenger elevators Overview As a leading elevator company, we've engineered our passenger elevators for various building applications, including residential, commercial, and public transit. Schindler 3100 low-rise The Schindler 3100 MRL elevator is a cost-effective, machine room-less traction elevator for two- to three-story buildings. Schindler 3300 low- to mid-rise The Schindler 3300 MRL traction elevator for low- to mid-rise buildings is the ideal hydraulic elevator alternative. Schindler 5000 low- to mid-rise From low- to mid-rise buildings, from standard to sophisticated—the Schindler 5000 MRL elevator is ideal for tomorrow’s offices, hotels, hospitals, apartment complexes, and more. Schindler 5500 mid-rise The Schindler 5500 is a high-performance, gearless traction MRL elevator for mid-rise buildings. It offers glass and bare car options, too. Schindler 7000 high-rise The Schindler 7000 traction elevator for high-rise buildings fits the needs of taller buildings with even more efficient and innovative mobility solutions. Schindler 330A hydraulic The Schindler 330A holeless hydraulic elevator is the smarter, more efficient solution for a wide range of low-rise applications. Go back Close navigation Freight & custom elevators Modernization Overview Explore our comprehensive elevator modernization solutions designed and customized to enhance your elevator's performance and aesthetics. ReStore solution Restore your elevator with our Schindler ReStore modernization solution, which replaces critical electrical components to upgrade the efficiency and performance of your equipment. ReNew solution Renew your elevator with our Schindler ReNew modernization solution, including a new controller, inverter, fixtures, and machine upgrade to ensure a smoother ride experience. RePlace solution Replace your existing elevator with our modernization replacement solution. Elevator upgrades Choose from a variety of affordable, versatile elevator upgrades that can enhance safety, boost performance, and improve aesthetics. Capital planning & financing Let us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade and modernize your elevators over time. Go back Close navigation Destination control Schindler PORT Schindler PORT optimizes traffic flow, alleviates congestion, and reduces elevator wait times while offering personalized service and access control. Schindler myPORT With the Schindler myPORT smartphone app, users gain convenience, security, and comfort with features that can be programmed to verify user identity and summon an elevator based on user needs and preferences. References Hear from customers who've installed or modernized their elevators with Schindler PORT. Go back Close navigation Digital Media Services Contact us Go back Close navigation Escalators & Moving walkways Escalators Schindler 9300 Enhanced safety features, energy efficiency, and space savings. The Schindler 9300 escalator defines state-of-the-art mobility in commercial and public spaces. Schindler 9700 The Schindler 9700 escalator is ideal for large public spaces with high-traffic demands, such as airports, subways, and railroad stations. Go back Close navigation Moving walkways Schindler 9500 horizontal The Schindler 9500 horizontal moving walk is the ideal solution for public transportation lengths up to 328 feet. Schindler 9500 inclined The Schindler 9500AE inclined moving walk is one of the most efficient moving walks in retail applications and requires minimal installation space. Go back Close navigation Modernization Overview From a full replacement to retaining the existing truss, to upgrades for safety, performance, and appearance, Schindler offers numerous options for escalator modernization. INTRUSS® The Schindler INTRUSS® escalator upgrade solution uses your existing truss and turns your old escalators into better than new condition. Escalator upgrades Schindler offers upgrades in all different areas to make your escalators run smoother, safer, and more reliably. Capital planning & financing Let us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your escalators and moving walks over time. Go back Close navigation CleanMobility solutions Handrail options Explore our Schindler CleanMobility handrail options for escalators and moving walks. Go back Close navigation Contact us Go back Close navigation Services Maintenance Repairs Overview With Schindler repair services and equipment upgrade programs, you can quickly and easily incorporate many of the latest advances in technology into your elevator, escalator, or moving walk portfolio. Elevator upgrades Choose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics. Escalator upgrades Schindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably. Go back Close navigation Digital services Overview Schindler Ahead is the digital building solution that connects elevators, escalators, and moving walks to the IoT Cloud. Schindler Ahead packages Schindler Ahead offers three equipment service level options for elevators, escalators, and moving walks to meet your budget, monitoring, and diagnostic needs. Touchless operation With Schindler’s ElevateMe mobile app, users can call elevators and select their destinations on their own smartphones. Two-way communication The Schindler Visual Communication System (VCS) brings enhanced safety and convenience for passengers, while meeting the latest elevator emergency communications code requirements. Emergency phone line With Schindler SafeCall, alleviate the worry of failed elevator inspections due to phone line non-compliance while enjoying responsiveness and potential cost savings. In-car media solution The Schindler Ahead MediaScreen in-car media solution for elevators provides relevant information to your passengers in real-time, with minimal effort and maximum attention. Portfolio management Schindler's Ahead ActionBoard tool for building owners/managers provides real-time access to performance and maintenance records for your elevators & escalators. Our mobile app puts it in the palm of your hand. Go back Close navigation Customer support Strategic Accounts Contact us Go back Close navigation Careers Overview Why Schindler Who we are Overview Together, we're building the future and keeping the world moving. Inclusion and diversity Our global footprint allows for a full spectrum of diversity, empowering our creativity and ability to innovate. Our values Our values are the foundation of everything we do, and allow us to remain a leading global player in the elevator and escalator industry. Go back Close navigation Work and grow at Schindler Compensation and benefits Discover more about Schindler employee compensation packages, benefits, and why competitive salaries are just the start. Professional development The key to maintaining our proud 150-year legacy, attention to detail, and quality is making sure that all our people, at every level, are trained and ready. Leadership growth We strongly believe in fostering a corporate culture of continuous development and providing a platform where our employees can grow. Work-life balance Finding the right balance between work and life can be tough. We make it easier through flexible, modern policies designed to meet diverse needs. Go back Close navigation Who we look for Students and graduates Discover our wide range of apprenticeship, graduate, and internship opportunities that will launch your career and support your professional growth. Experienced professionals Explore our open opportunities across various business functions from engineering, IT, sales, and marketing to communications, finance, quality management, HR, and embark on a thriving career with us.​ Go back Close navigation Open positions Contact us Go back Close navigation Industries Multi-family Office Malls and Retail Hotels Transport Healthcare Institutional Mixed-use Stadiums, arenas & exhibit halls Contact us Go back Close navigation Innovations Schindler PORT Schindler Ahead Contact us Go back Close navigation Media About us Overview Why Schindler? Schindler Brand Overview Schindler means much more than making elevators and escalators. We move over 2 billion people every day, on five continents, all over the world. Schindler delivers mobility for all with passion and emotion. Awards Schindler elevators, escalators, and technologies have received awards and recognition from top publications. Check out some of the recognition. Values Explore Schindler's company values including safety, integrity, and trust. History Discover Schindler's history and how far we have come since 1979, when the company established itself in the US with the acquisition of Haughton Elevator headquartered in Toledo, Ohio. Go back Close navigation Safety Overview Discover Schindler's safety culture and see how elevator and escalator safety is a core value. Our products are built with many safety features to help give riders peace of mind while using them. Tips for riders & owners Enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides by following these safety tips from Schindler Elevator Corporation. Also learn more about what to do before calling for service, and get tips to prepare your equipment for extreme weather. Tips for kids Please follow these safety tips for kids. Parents, share these tips with your children today so they can enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides. Field Quality & Excellence Field Quality & Excellence (FQE) is an independent, third-party organization that ensures elevator and escalator code compliance by partnering with the local Schindler team, resulting in safe, quality installations and equipment performance.​ Go back Close navigation Sustainability Overview Our products and services are designed for architects, contractors, building owners, and managers with society and the environment in mind. Responsible technology Find out how Schindler's next-generation products and components can help improve efficiency and save energy. Schindler incorporates mindful technology in elevators, escalators, and relating to destination dispatch and traffic flow. Offices and manufacturing Schindler doesn't only offer environmentally responsible products. Learn more about the energy-efficient solutions integrated into Schindler's daily operations at our offices and manufacturing facilities. Go back Close navigation Manufacturing Overview Schindler has manufacturing facilities strategically located in the United States to help support shorter lead-times for customers as well as enhanced quality, consistency, and service. Clinton facility Discover our escalator manufacturing complex located in Clinton, North Carolina. The complex comprises both a 38,000-square-foot escalator step facility and a 155,000-square-foot escalator assembly plant. Hanover facility Schindler’s 150,000+ square foot, state-of-the-art, LEED Gold certified manufacturing facility in Hanover, PA, focuses on the fabrication of components visible to customers, like doors, entrances, and elevator cab interiors. Learn more. Quality View Schindler's ISO certifications and understand why customers can be confident they'll receive consistent quality from Schindler, from design and production to installation and service. Suppliers Schindler requires all suppliers maintain the highest standards of professional conduct and integrity in their business dealings. We encourage all businesses to participate in quoting our goods and services. Go back Close navigation Compliance & Ethics Contact us Go back Close navigation Events & Webinars Tools & Resources Downloads Videos Drawings & specifications Portfolio management AIA Courses for Architects FAQs e-Payments Contact us Go back Close navigation e-Payments Contact us Close navigation Schindler – We Elevate We move more than 2 billion people every day with our elevators, escalators, and moving walks. Solutions by industry Innovations Scam Alert: Fraudulent Purchase Orders We have recently become aware of fraudulent purchase orders being presented by individuals falsely claiming to be Schindler employees. These culprits are also providing fictitious credit references. For the financial security of our vendors, customers, and the public, we urge you to stay vigilant. If something doesn’t seem right, please contact your local Schindler office immediately. Protect yourself and verify before you proceed. Vertical mobility for all buildings Passenger elevators As a leading elevator company, we've engineered our passenger elevators for various building applications, including residential, commercial, and public transit. Learn more Escalators Discover how Schindler escalators provide safe and reliable mobility in shopping centers, airports, railway stations, commercial buildings, and more. Learn more Moving walks Schindler moving walkways combine comfort with safe, fast horizontal and inclined transportation, and are ideal for use wherever the elimination of long walks is desired. Learn more Destination dispatch Find out how Schindler PORT optimizes traffic flow, alleviates congestion, and reduces elevator wait times, while offering personalized building access control. Learn more News & Insights Explore our newsroom to read the latest press releases, achievements, and more about our company, products, customers, and people. View more 12/19/25 Schindler 5000 earns spot on Building Design + Construction’s list of 75 Top Products for 2025 Schindler is proud to announce that the Schindler 5000 elevator has been named one of Building Design + Construction’s Top 75 Building Products for 2025, ranking at 29. 12/17/25 NJBIZ highlights Schindler’s innovation NJBIZ recently profiled Schindler Elevator Corporation (U.S.) CEO Ray Bisson, who shared how the company is strengthening its New Jersey footprint through a renewed focus on innovation, safety, and customer engagement. 12/16/25 How digital connectivity gives elevators a voice Internet of Things. Cloud. Digital ecosystem. These are all hot buzzwords, but how exactly do these concepts improve the everyday lives of a passenger, building owner, or facility manager when it comes to vertical transportation? 12/15/25 How digital connectivity gives escalators a voice In the hustle and bustle of modern life, escalators can often be overlooked—until they stop working. These silent movers are essential to our daily flow, quietly carrying us through shopping malls, airports, and transit hubs. Digital solutions Schindler has been pioneering vertical transportation and mobility solutions since 1874. Explore how we enhance the customer experience through smart innovations. Schindler innovations For building owners & managers Schindler leverages the best people and technology to deliver reliable service. Our network of service experts keeps your elevators up and callbacks down. Schindler service Portfolio management For architects & specifiers From planning to construction, Schindler Plan helps you add value to any building. Access Revit BIM models, CAD drawings, and more. Visit SchindlerPlan.com Browse our passenger elevators Show all passenger elevators Schindler 3100 Schindler 3300 Schindler 5500 Schindler 7000 Schindler 330A Prev Next Global reach, local touch Behind our success are more than 69,000 employees in over 100 countries, working out of more than 1,000 branch offices worldwide. Find your local Schindler office Follow us on Social Media LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Facebook Products Passenger elevators Escalators Moving walks Destination control MediaScreen Service & Modernization Schindler Service Schindler Ahead digital solutions Elevator modernization Escalator modernization Strategic Accounts Tools & Resources Schindler e-Payments Ahead ActionBoard Login Schindler Plan configurators AIA courses for Architects Downloads Industries Multi-family Office Retail Hotels Healthcare About us Profile Safety Careers Sustainability News Schindler Group Company Responsibility Investors Global careers Global news Schindler Elevator Corporation United States of America U.S. Headquarters 20 Whippany Road Morristown, NJ 07960 Phone: 973-397-6500 Contact us Schindler worldwide © Schindler 2025 Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice California Notice at Collection (PDF, 1 MB) close dialog