Schneier on Security - Schneier on Security Menu Blog Newsletter Books Essays News Talks Academic About Me Search Powered by DuckDuckGo Blog Essays Whole site Subscribe LinkedIn Job Scams Interesting article on the variety of LinkedIn job scams around the world: In India, tech jobs are used as bait because the industry employs millions of people and offers high-paying roles. In Kenya, the recruitment industry is largely unorganized, so scamsters leverage fake personal referrals. In Mexico, bad actors capitalize on the informal nature of the job economy by advertising fake formal roles that carry a promise of security. In Nigeria, scamsters often manage to get LinkedIn users to share their login credentials with the lure of paid work, preying on their desperation amid an especially acute unemployment crisis. These are scams involving fraudulent employers convincing prospective employees to send them money for various fees. There is an entirely different set of scams involving fraudulent employees getting hired for remote jobs. Tags: fraud , LinkedIn , scams Posted on December 31, 2025 at 7:03 AM • 2 Comments Using AI-Generated Images to Get Refunds Scammers are generating images of broken merchandise in order to apply for refunds. Tags: AI , China , scams Posted on December 30, 2025 at 7:02 AM • 10 Comments Are We Ready to Be Governed by Artificial Intelligence? Artificial Intelligence (AI) overlords are a common trope in science-fiction dystopias, but the reality looks much more prosaic. The technologies of artificial intelligence are already pervading many aspects of democratic government, affecting our lives in ways both large and small. This has occurred largely without our notice or consent. The result is a government incrementally transformed by AI rather than the singular technological overlord of the big screen. Let us begin with the executive branch. One of the most important functions of this branch of government is to administer the law, including the human services on which so many Americans rely. Many of these programs have long been operated by a mix of humans and machines, even if not previously using modern AI tools such as Large Language Models . A salient example is healthcare, where private insurers make widespread use of algorithms to review, approve, and deny coverage, even for recipients of public benefits like Medicare. While Biden-era guidance from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) largely blesses this use of AI by Medicare Advantage operators, the practice of overriding the medical care recommendations made by physicians raises profound ethical questions , with life and death implications for about thirty million Americans today. This April, the Trump administration reversed many administrative guardrails on AI, relieving Medicare Advantage plans from the obligation to avoid AI-enabled patient discrimination. This month, the Trump administration took a step further. CMS rolled out an aggressive new program that financially rewards vendors that leverage AI to reject rapidly prior authorization for "wasteful" physician or provider-requested medical services. The same month, the Trump administration also issued an e xecutive order limiting the abilities of states to put consumer and patient protections around the use of AI. This shows both growing confidence in AI’s efficiency and a deliberate choice to benefit from it without restricting its possible harms. Critics of the CMS program have characterized it as effectively establishing a bounty on denying care; AI—in this case—is being used to serve a ministerial function in applying that policy. But AI could equally be used to automate a different policy objective, such as minimizing the time required to approve pre-authorizations for necessary services or to minimize the effort required of providers to achieve authorization. Next up is the judiciary. Setting aside concerns about activist judges and court overreach, jurists are not supposed to decide what law is. The function of judges and courts is to interpret the law written by others. Just as jurists have long turned to dictionaries and expert witnesses for assistance in their interpretation, AI has already emerged as a tool used by judges to infer legislative intent and decide on cases. In 2023, a Colombian judge was the first publicly to use AI to help make a ruling. The first known American federal example came a year later when United States Circuit Judge Kevin Newsom began using AI in his jurisprudence, to provide second "opinions" on the plain language meaning of words in statute. A District of Columbia Court of Appeals similarly used ChatGPT in 2025 to deliver an interpretation of what common knowledge is. And there are more examples from Latin America , the United Kingdom, India , and beyond. Given that these examples are likely merely the tip of the iceberg , it is also important to remember that any judge can unilaterally choose to consult an AI while drafting his opinions, just as he may choose to consult other human beings, and a judge may be under no obligation to disclose when he does. This is not necessarily a bad thing. AI has the ability to replace humans but also to augment human capabilities, which may significantly expand human agency. Whether the results are good or otherwise depends on many factors. These include the application and its situation, the characteristics and performance of the AI model, and the characteristics and performance of the humans it augments or replaces. This general model applies to the use of AI in the judiciary. Each application of AI legitimately needs to be considered in its own context, but certain principles should apply in all uses of AI in democratic contexts. First and foremost, we argue, AI should be applied in ways that decentralize rather than concentrate power. It should be used to empower individual human actors rather than automating the decision-making of a central authority. We are open to independent judges selecting and leveraging AI models as tools in their own jurisprudence, but we remain concerned about Big Tech companies building and operating a dominant AI product that becomes widely used throughout the judiciary. This principle brings us to the legislature. Policymakers worldwide are already using AI in many aspects of lawmaking. In 2023, the first law written entirely by AI was passed in Brazil . Within a year, the French government had produced its own AI model tailored to help the Parliament with the consideration of amendments. By the end of that year, the use of AI in legislative offices had become widespread enough that twenty percent of state-level staffers in the United States reported using it, and another forty percent were considering it. These legislative members and staffers, collectively, face a significant choice: to wield AI in a way that concentrates or distributes power. If legislative offices use AI primarily to encode the policy prescriptions of party leadership or powerful interest groups, then they will effectively cede their own power to those central authorities. AI here serves only as a tool enabling that handover. On the other hand, if legislative offices use AI to amplify their capacity to express and advocate for the policy positions of their principals—the elected representatives—they can strengthen their role in government. Additionally, AI can help them scale their ability to listen to many voices and synthesize input from their constituents, making it a powerful tool for better realizing democracy. We may prefer a legislator who translates his principles into the technical components and legislative language of bills with the aid of a trustworthy AI tool executing under his exclusive control rather than with the aid of lobbyists executing under the control of a corporate patron. Examples from around the globe demonstrate how legislatures can use AI as tools for tapping into constituent feedback to drive policymaking. The European civic technology organization Make.org is organizing large-scale digital consultations on topics such as European peace and defense. The Scottish Parliament is funding the development of open civic deliberation tools such as Comhairle to help scale civic participation in policymaking. And Japanese Diet member Takahiro Anno and his party Team Mirai are showing how political innovators can build purpose-fit applications of AI to engage with voters. AI is a power-enhancing technology. Whether it is used by a judge, a legislator, or a government agency, it enhances an entity’s ability to shape the world. This is both its greatest strength and its biggest danger. In the hands of someone who wants more democracy, AI will help that person. In the hands of a society that wants to distribute power, AI can help to execute that. But, in the hands of another person, or another society, bent on centralization, concentration of power, or authoritarianism, it can also be applied toward those ends. We are not going to be fully governed by AI anytime soon, but we are already being governed with AI—and more is coming. Our challenge in these years is more a social than a technological one: to ensure that those doing the governing are doing so in the service of democracy. This essay was written with Nathan E. Sanders, and originally appeared in Merion West . Tags: AI , democracy , LLM Posted on December 29, 2025 at 7:07 AM • 16 Comments Friday Squid Blogging: Squid Camouflage New research : Abstract: Coleoid cephalopods have the most elaborate camouflage system in the animal kingdom. This enables them to hide from or deceive both predators and prey. Most studies have focused on benthic species of octopus and cuttlefish, while studies on squid focused mainly on the chromatophore system for communication. Camouflage adaptations to the substrate while moving has been recently described in the semi-pelagic oval squid ( Sepioteuthis lessoniana ). Our current study focuses on the same squid’s complex camouflage to substrate in a stationary, motionless position. We observed disruptive, uniform, and mottled chromatic body patterns, and we identified a threshold of contrast between dark and light chromatic components that simplifies the identification of disruptive chromatic body pattern. We found that arm postural components are related to the squid position in the environment, either sitting directly on the substrate or hovering just few centimeters above the substrate. Several of these context-dependent body patterns have not yet been observed in S. lessoniana species complex or other loliginid squids. The remarkable ability of this squid to display camouflage elements similar to those of benthic octopus and cuttlefish species might have convergently evolved in relation to their native coastal habitat. As usual, you can also use this squid post to talk about the security stories in the news that I haven’t covered. Blog moderation policy. Tags: academic papers , squid Posted on December 26, 2025 at 5:08 PM • 18 Comments IoT Hack Someone hacked an Italian ferry . It looks like the malware was installed by someone on the ferry, and not remotely. Tags: France , hacking , Internet of Things , malware Posted on December 26, 2025 at 7:02 AM • 7 Comments Urban VPN Proxy Surreptitiously Intercepts AI Chats This is pretty scary : Urban VPN Proxy targets conversations across ten AI platforms: ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, Microsoft Copilot, Perplexity, DeepSeek, Grok (xAI), Meta AI. For each platform, the extension includes a dedicated “executor” script designed to intercept and capture conversations. The harvesting is enabled by default through hardcoded flags in the extension’s configuration. There is no user-facing toggle to disable this. The only way to stop the data collection is to uninstall the extension entirely. […] The data collection operates independently of the VPN functionality. Whether the VPN is connected or not, the harvesting runs continuously in the background. […] What gets captured: Every prompt you send to the AI Every response you receive Conversation identifiers and timestamps Session metadata The specific AI platform and model used BoingBoing post . EDITED TO ADD (12/15): Two news articles . Tags: eavesdropping , privacy , surveillance , VPN Posted on December 24, 2025 at 7:03 AM • 6 Comments Denmark Accuses Russia of Conducting Two Cyberattacks News : The Danish Defence Intelligence Service (DDIS) announced on Thursday that Moscow was behind a cyber-attack on a Danish water utility in 2024 and a series of distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks on Danish websites in the lead-up to the municipal and regional council elections in November. The first, it said, was carried out by the pro-Russian group known as Z-Pentest and the second by NoName057(16), which has links to the Russian state. Slashdot thread . Tags: cyberattack , denial of service , Denmark , hacking , infrastructure , Russia Posted on December 23, 2025 at 7:02 AM • 3 Comments Microsoft Is Finally Killing RC4 After twenty-six years, Microsoft is finally upgrading the last remaining instance of the encryption algorithm RC4 in Windows. of the most visible holdouts in supporting RC4 has been Microsoft. Eventually, Microsoft upgraded Active Directory to support the much more secure AES encryption standard. But by default, Windows servers have continued to respond to RC4-based authentication requests and return an RC4-based response. The RC4 fallback has been a favorite weakness hackers have exploited to compromise enterprise networks. Use of RC4 played a key role in last year’s breach of health giant Ascension. The breach caused life-threatening disruptions at 140 hospitals and put the medical records of 5.6 million patients into the hands of the attackers. US Senator Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) in September called on the Federal Trade Commission to investigate Microsoft for “gross cybersecurity negligence,” citing the continued default support for RC4. Last week, Microsoft said it was finally deprecating RC4 and cited its susceptibility to Kerberoasting, the form of attack, known since 2014, that was the root cause of the initial intrusion into Ascension’s network. Fun fact: RC4 was a trade secret until I published the algorithm in the second edition of Applied Cryptography in 1995. Tags: algorithms , Applied Cryptography , encryption , Microsoft , RC4 , Windows Posted on December 22, 2025 at 12:05 PM • 10 Comments Friday Squid Blogging: Petting a Squid Video from Reddit shows what could go wrong when you try to pet a—looks like a Humboldt—squid. As usual, you can also use this squid post to talk about the security stories in the news that I haven’t covered. Blog moderation policy. Tags: squid Posted on December 19, 2025 at 5:06 PM • 60 Comments AI Advertising Company Hacked At least some of this is coming to light : Doublespeed, a startup backed by Andreessen Horowitz (a16z) that uses a phone farm to manage at least hundreds of AI-generated social media accounts and promote products has been hacked. The hack reveals what products the AI-generated accounts are promoting, often without the required disclosure that these are advertisements, and allowed the hacker to take control of more than 1,000 smartphones that power the company. The hacker, who asked for anonymity because he feared retaliation from the company, said he reported the vulnerability to Doublespeed on October 31. At the time of writing, the hacker said he still has access to the company’s backend, including the phone farm itself. Slashdot thread . Tags: AI , hacking , marketing , phones Posted on December 19, 2025 at 7:02 AM • 8 Comments ← Earlier Entries Sidebar photo of Bruce Schneier by Joe MacInnis. Powered by WordPress Hosted by Pressable About Bruce Schneier I am a public-interest technologist , working at the intersection of security, technology, and people. I've been writing about security issues on my blog since 2004, and in my monthly newsletter since 1998. I'm a fellow and lecturer at Harvard's Kennedy School , a board member of EFF , and the Chief of Security Architecture at Inrupt, Inc. This personal website expresses the opinions of none of those organizations. Featured Essays The Value of Encryption Data Is a Toxic Asset, So Why Not Throw It Out? How the NSA Threatens National Security Terrorists May Use Google Earth, But Fear Is No Reason to Ban It In Praise of Security Theater Refuse to be Terrorized The Eternal Value of Privacy Terrorists Don't Do Movie Plots More Essays Blog Archives Archive by Month 100 Latest Comments Blog Tags 3d printers 9/11 A Hacker's Mind Aaron Swartz academic academic papers accountability ACLU activism Adobe advanced persistent threats adware AES Afghanistan AI air marshals air travel airgaps al Qaeda alarms algorithms alibis Amazon Android anonymity Anonymous antivirus Apache Apple Applied Cryptography More Tags Latest Book More Books Blog Newsletter Books Essays News Talks Academic About Me