Scholastica: Academic journal publishing software and services Menu Home Products & Services Peer Review System Production Service OA Publishing Platform Law Review System Why Scholastica? Customers Customer Stories Testimonials Resources Blog eBooks, Guides & More FAQs Pricing Schedule a demo Login Sign up Modernize your journal publishing process. Further your mission. Scholastica's easy-to-integrate peer review management, article production, and OA journal hosting software solutions help small and medium publishers work smarter. Schedule a demo Flexible journal management software and publishing solutions to fit your needs You can use Scholastica's modular software and services individually or seamlessly integrate them to bridge gaps between editorial workflows, production, and publishing, saving time and costs. Peer Review System All the submission tracking and manuscript management tools your editors need in a user-friendly interface built for efficiency Easy workflow configuration and task automation options Faster communication with integrated email and templates Journal performance analytics and data pulls included Learn more Production Service Digital-first service generates PDF, HTML, and full-text XML article files quickly and affordably from a single source End-to-end typesetting, layout, reference checks, and proofing Single-source process means files versions stay in sync XML optimized for academic indexes, archives, and search Learn more OA Publishing Platform Host fully Open Access journals, integrate with discovery services, and track readership analytics with ease Beautiful, fully-hosted journal websites optimized for search Readership analytics suite plus stats displayed on articles Integrations with DOI, archiving, and indexing services Learn more Why Scholastica? Efficient, digitally-optimized journal publishing starts here. We're empowering scholarly organizations to publish top-quality, standards-aligned journals more efficiently and sustainably than traditional options, so they can focus on furthering their missions. Get set up fast, whether launching or migrating journals Our software comes ready to go with easy configuration options. Get set up in days or weeks, not months, with no IT headaches. Streamline journal workflows for all involved Scholastica's software and services are intuitive and easy to use, optimizing workflows for editors, authors, and reviewers. Meet the latest industry standards easily and affordably We're helping journals meet the latest industry standards while saving time and costs with smart automations and integrations. Get the software training and support you need Our fully-hosted solutions include free training, support, and instant access to improvements — no waiting for or installing updates. Learn more Trusted by leading scholarly organizations. Used by 1,000+ journals. Scholastica provides us (a small, nonprofit press) with all the features we need in a customizable, seamless package at a fair price. We also really appreciate your responsive customer service! Anna Wetterberg Senior Manager RTI Press I think Scholastica is great. It's easy to use and gets the job done, eliminating administrative work and helping us get manuscripts through peer review quickly. The Scholastica team is also very responsive in terms of support needs for our editors, authors, and reviewers. And the price is right. I highly recommend Scholastica! Jesper Sorensen Editor-in-Chief Sociological Science Scholastica has transformed how our journal operates. The platform is very easy to use, aesthetically pleasing, and has made my editorial tasks a breeze. Both manuscript referees and authors submitting manuscripts have commented on the outstanding platform. Most importantly, the Scholastica staff are a pleasure to work with. Nandita Mitra Editor-in-Chief Observational Studies What sets Scholastica apart from other academic journal management systems is its remarkable ease of use. As a journal editor and peer reviewer who tends to feel more than a touch of technophobia, I appreciate the intuitive interface of the software. Besides, Scholastica offers visual appeal and an engaging user experience, translating tasks from the mundane to the exciting. Glenn A. Bowen Section Editor International Journal of Research on Service-Learning and Community Engagement Survey report: tech needs of small & medium journal publishers New report from Scholastica and Maverick details the results of a 2025 global survey of independent scholarly publishers with fewer than 1,000 employees on their current tech stacks and future priorities. Read More What publishers need to know about new OA funder policies In this Scholastica water-cooler chat, Ashley Farley, Senior Officer of Knowledge & Research Services at the Gates Foundation, shares recent shifts in funder OA policies and what they mean for journal publishers. Read More Webinar: Scholastica Production case studies Scholastica's Production Service combines automation with human support to typeset PDF, XML, and HTML article files more quickly, affordably, and reliably than other vendors. Learn more during this webinar featuring members of our team. Read More Company About Resources Terms of Service Careers Press Solutions Why Scholastica? Peer Review System Production Service OA Publishing Platform Law Review System Pricing Support Contact Help Institutional Accounts Law Author Resource Center Privacy Policy Predatory Publishing Policy 201 W Lake St Suite 218 Chicago, IL 60606