Schroders global Skip to content Schroders Group Sites Welcome to the Schroders Global website Return to the global home page Schroders Capital Providing access to a broad range of private asset investment opportunities. Schroders Wealth Management We provide a complete wealth management service to high net worth clients, family offices, and financial advisers. Cazenove Capital Advising high net worth individuals, family offices and charities in the UK. Benchmark We empower advisers throughout their business lifecycle to deliver for their clients and provide financial advice for individuals to help them achieve their goals. Global | Individual About us About us We’re Schroders – here’s who we are, and what we do Overview Who we are Our history What we do Our leaders People and culture Corporate Governance Investors Investors A key resource for shareholders and analysts Overview Overview Investors overview Results and reports Results library Investor relations calendar Reporting centre Investor governance Shareholder hub Annual General Meeting Shareholder meetings Share price Regulatory newsfeed Debt investors Investor contacts Contact us Investor contacts Media Media A resource for journalists and media Overview Press releases Media contacts Sustainability Sustainability A source of potential long-term investment performance Overview Corporate sustainability Active ownership Sustainable investing Impact investing Tackling climate change People and culture Corporate transparency Corporate transparency Learn about our commitment to corporate governance and business integrity Overview Corporate Governance Corporate governance overview Our leaders Board committees Business integrity Our approach to tax Working with suppliers and partners Engaging with policymakers Reporting and Disclosure Reporting Centre How we vote Disclosures TCFD/SDR Entity and Product reports Modern Slavery Statement Insights Insights All our latest news and views All insights Markets Sustainability Private markets Watch and Listen Schroders TV Outlook 2026 Global Investor Study 2023 Business Book of the Year 2025 Lifetime Savings Initiative (UK) Let them learn Careers Careers Join a world-class team to build a career you can be proud of Overview Careers overview People and culture Schroders Campus, Horsham The Active Edge Our active perspective means we can help you see opportunities and risks differently. Discover how to strengthen your investments. Find out more Outlook 2026 Where to find resilience and returns against a backdrop of uncertainty, volatility and opportunity: our experts look ahead to 2026. Read more The Financial Times and Schroders Business Book of the Year 2025 Learn more About us Who we are and what makes us different Learn more about Schroders Schroders Capital Discover a world of investment opportunities across Real Estate, Infrastructure, Private Equity, and Private Debt and Credit Alternatives investments Explore more Taking care of what matters most to you As an active investment manager, we help savers and investors meet their long-term financial goals. About us Who we are and what makes us different Investors We expect transparency and accountability from the companies in which we invest. We set the same standard for ourselves. Careers Join a world-class team to build a career you can be proud of Media Relations A resource for journalists and media Sustainability A source of potential long-term investment performance Corporate transparency Learn about our commitment to clear accountability, effective governance and business integrity The Financial Times and Schroders Business Book of the Year 2025 A prestigious annual award that recognises the most outstanding business books, judged for their compelling and enjoyable insights into modern business. Our latest insights View all insights Group Climate Report 2024 (TCFD aligned) Read more Group Climate Report 2024 (TCFD aligned) UK TCFD/SDR disclosures Product and entity reports UK TCFD/SDR disclosures Keeping you safe Protecting yourself against fraud Keeping you safe Contact Schroders Contact us Worldwide locations Follow us Past Performance is not a guide to future performance and may not be repeated. The value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amounts originally invested. Exchange rate changes may cause the value of investments to fall as well as rise.Investment involves risk. Any reference to regions/ countries/ sectors/ stocks/ securities is for illustrative purposes only and not a recommendation to buy or sell any financial instruments or adopt a specific investment strategy. Issued in the UK by Schroder Investment Management Limited, 1 London Wall Place, London EC2Y 5AU. Registered No. 1893220 England. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. To the extent that you are in North America, this content is issued by Schroder Investment Management North America Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Schroders plc and SEC registered adviser providing asset management products and services to clients in the US and Canada. To the extent that you are in the Channel Islands, this content is issued by Cazenove Capital, a trading name of Schroders (C.I.) Ltd which is licensed under the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law 2020, Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law 2020, as amended and The Lending, Credit and Finance (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2022. SCIL is regulated in Guernsey in the conduct of banking, lending and investment business by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission. Registered address at Regency Court, Glategny Esplanade, St. Peter Port, Guernsey GY1 3UF, (No.24546) . Schroders (C.I.) Limited, Jersey Branch is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission in the conduct of investment business. Registered address at IFC1, Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 3BX, (No.31076). Important Information Privacy Statement Modern Slavery statement Scam Protection Conflicts of interest Cookies Whistleblowing Important Information Privacy Statement Modern Slavery statement Scam Protection Conflicts of interest Cookies Whistleblowing ©Copyright 2025 Schroders plc