Scientific American Skip to main content HOLIDAY SALE: SAVE ON ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS Scientific American Scientific American Space & Physics December 31, 2025 Colliding Spiral Galaxies Captured in Sparkling Detail Astronomers combined data from NASA’s JWST and Chandra X-ray Observatory to create a stunning new image of two merging spiral galaxies Claire Cameron Public Health December 30, 2025 Whooping Cough Deaths Rise in U.S. as Surge in Infections Continues Meghan Bartels Sexuality April 2, 2025 Unpacking the Mystery of Squirting: What Science Really Says Rachel Feltman, Fonda Mwangi, Naeem Amarsy, Alex Sugiura, Jeffery DelViscio Space Exploration December 30, 2025 Here’s What to Get Excited about in Space in 2026 Lee Billings Games December 31, 2025 Hard Sudoku: December 31, 2025 HOLIDAY SALE: SAVE ON ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS Policy December 30, 2025 NIH Agrees to Evaluate Stalled Scientific Grants Dan Vergano Society & Policy December 30, 2025 NASA’s New Chief Just Put a Fresh Twist on the Texas Space Shuttle Saga Claire Cameron Food December 30, 2025 Can Ultraprocessed Foods Be Addictive? A Neuroscientist Weighs In Lauren J. Young Addiction & Recovery December 30, 2025 Could Next-Generation Medicines Help Cure Opioid Addiction? Stephanie Pappas Explore Topics Health Mind & Brain Environment Technology Space & Physics Biology Math Chemistry Social Sciences Videos Podcasts Opinion Games Reports View All Stories January 2026 Issue Conservation These Orcas Are on the Brink—And So Is the Science That Could Save Them Kelso Harper Astronomy Mysterious Bright Flashes in the Night Sky Baffle Astronomers Ann Finkbeiner Robotics Meet Your Future Robot Servants, Caregivers and Explorers Ben Guarino Psychology A Distorted Mind-Body Connection May Explain Common Mental Illnesses Diana Kwon Biology Rising Temperatures Could Trigger a Reptile Sexpocalypse Elizabeth Preston Health Heart and Kidney Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes May Be One Ailment Jyoti Madhusoodanan View Full Issue Explore Archive Games Spellements Create as many words as you can! Math Puzzles Stretch your math muscles with these puzzles. All Games Science inspired games, puzzles and quizzes Special Edition Mathematics Mathematicians Discover a New Kind of Shape That’s All over Nature Elise Cutts Mathematics Mathematicians’ Favorite Shapes Hold the Key to Big Mathematical Mysteries Rachel Crowell, Violet Frances Neurology How Squishy Math Is Revealing Doughnuts in the Brain Kelsey Houston-Edwards Cognition Babies Are Born with an Innate Number Sense Jacob Beck, Sam Clarke Mathematics Citizens’ Assemblies Are Upgrading Democracy: Fair Algorithms Are Part of the Program Ariel Procaccia Mathematics Inside Mathematicians’ Search for the Mysterious ‘Einstein Tile’ Craig S. Kaplan View Full Issue Explore Archive Sign up for the Today in Science Newsletter Delivered free, every weekday Enter your email I agree my information will be processed in accordance with the Scientific American and Springer Nature Limited Privacy Policy . We leverage third party services to both verify and deliver email. By providing your email address, you also consent to having the email address shared with third parties for those purposes. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Check out our other newsletters Podcasts December 24, 2025 Fighting Drought and Heat: The Science of Growing Climate-Resilient Christmas Trees Kendra Pierre-Louis, Fonda Mwangi, Sushmita Pathak Public Health December 22, 2025 From Agency Chaos to Dark Energy Shocks: How Politics, Health, Climate Policy and Space Science Defined 2025 Dan Vergano, Tanya Lewis, Andrea Thompson, Lee Billings, Fonda Mwangi, Alex Sugiura, Kendra Pierre-Louis, Jeffery DelViscio Conservation December 19, 2025 The Secret Voices of Hawaiian Monk Seals: Scientists Uncover 20 New Underwater Calls Melissa Hobson, Fonda Mwangi, Alex Sugiura, Kendra Pierre-Louis Conservation December 17, 2025 Orcas on the Brink—What a Dog Named Eba and a Team of Scientists Are Fighting For Kendra Pierre-Louis, Kelso Harper, Fonda Mwangi, Alex Sugiura, Jeffery DelViscio Climate Change December 15, 2025 A Hobbit Mystery Is Solved, 2025 Nears a Climate Record, and More Parents Refuse Vitamin K for Newborns Kendra Pierre-Louis, Andrea Thompson, Fonda Mwangi, Alex Sugiura More Podcasts Popular Stories Health October 14, 2025 Which Anti-Inflammatory Supplements Actually Work? Experts say the strongest scientific studies identify three compounds that fight disease and inflammation Lori Youmshajekian Animals December 29, 2025 15 Million Years before the Megalodon, This Giant Ancient Shark Prowled the Oceans A humungous shark that lived 115 million years ago surpassed the size of modern-day great whites, paleontologists discovered Claire Cameron Society & Policy December 30, 2025 NASA’s New Chief Just Put a Fresh Twist on the Texas Space Shuttle Saga NASA’s new boss Jared Isaacman hinted that he could break with Texas lawmakers’ push to move iconic space shuttle Discovery from the Smithsonian to Houston Claire Cameron Public Health December 16, 2025 Harsh Flu Season May Be Driven by New Variant K A novel influenza variant called subclade K appears to be driving an uptick in cases and hospitalizations throughout the U.S. and other countries Tanya Lewis Space Exploration December 29, 2025 Russia Quietly Changed Its Space Station Plans. Here’s What That Means The proposed Russian Orbital Station will stick to a familiar path instead of an ambitious polar orbit Ilya Ferapontov Pharmaceuticals December 23, 2025 U.S. Approves Wegovy Weight-Loss Pill, a Move That Could Transform Health Care A pill version of the popular GLP-1 weight-loss drug Wegovy has been green-lit for use in the U.S. Here’s what that means for health care Lauren J. Young View All Stories Subscribe to Scientific American to learn and share the most exciting discoveries, innovations and ideas shaping our world today. Subscription Plans Give a Gift Subscription Explore SciAm Latest Issue News Opinion Newsletters Podcasts Games Travel Company About Press Room FAQs Contact Us Standards & Ethics International Editions Advertise More Accessibility Terms of Use Privacy Policy US State Privacy Rights Use of cookies/Do not sell my data Return & Refund Policy Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers. © 2025 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, A DIVISION OF SPRINGER NATURE AMERICA, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.