Science of People | People Smarts for Smart People Skip to content Articles Close Articles Body Language Close How to Read People’s Eye Direction and Behavior With 34 Cues How to Read People’s Eye Direction and Behavior With 34 Cues Body Language 15 min read Read more How AI Will Revolutionize How We Use Body Language How AI Will Revolutionize How We Use Body Language Body Language 12 min read Read more How to Identify a Shoplifter: 5 Key Signs to Spot How to Identify a Shoplifter: 5 Key Signs to Spot Body Language 5 min read Read more RBF Face Fix: 8 Steps to Ditch RBF Forever RBF Face Fix: 8 Steps to Ditch RBF Forever Body Language 10 min read Read more How to Spot a Liar: 35 Clever Clues to Catch Them How to Spot a Liar: 35 Clever Clues to Catch Them Body Language 15 min read Read more Why Do We Yawn? 4 Answers + Your Hack Why Do We Yawn? 4 Answers + Your Hack Body Language 5 min read Read more Career Close From Snooze-Fest to Standing Ovation: 40 Team Meeting Ideas Your Team Will Beg to Repeat From Snooze-Fest to Standing Ovation: 40 Team Meeting Ideas Your Team Will Beg to Repeat Career 15 min read Read more Exit Interview Script: 9 Science-Backed Lines That Protect Your Reputation Exit Interview Script: 9 Science-Backed Lines That Protect Your Reputation Career 15 min read Read more 12 Signs of a Micromanaging Boss & How to Deal (The Ultimate Guide) 12 Signs of a Micromanaging Boss & How to Deal (The Ultimate Guide) Career 12 min read Read more How to Write a Profile: 7 Science-Backed Steps for LinkedIn, Dating & More How to Write a Profile: 7 Science-Backed Steps for LinkedIn, Dating & More Career 15 min read Read more 25 Professional Development Goals for Career Success 25 Professional Development Goals for Career Success Career 15 min read Read more How to Decline a Job Offer Politely (Email Templates & Scripts) How to Decline a Job Offer Politely (Email Templates & Scripts) Career 15 min read Read more Charisma Close We Watched 760 Volunteers Decode TED—The 6 Body-Language Tricks That Skyrocket Views We Watched 760 Volunteers Decode TED—The 6 Body-Language Tricks That Skyrocket Views Charisma 12 min read Read more What is “Brain Rot”? The Gen Alpha Slang Term Explained What is “Brain Rot”? The Gen Alpha Slang Term Explained Charisma 15 min read Read more What is a Job Reference? The Complete Guide to Reference Checks What is a Job Reference? The Complete Guide to Reference Checks Charisma 15 min read Read more The 8 Laws of Power: How to Get Power Using Science The 8 Laws of Power: How to Get Power Using Science Charisma 15 min read Read more How to Get People to Listen: 6 Hooks for Your Ideas How to Get People to Listen: 6 Hooks for Your Ideas Charisma 6 min read Read more How Not to Be Boring: 6 Ways to Keep Things Fresh How Not to Be Boring: 6 Ways to Keep Things Fresh Charisma 5 min read Read more Confidence Close Ethical Persuasion: 13 Science-Backed Ways to Get to ‘Yes’ Without Manipulation Ethical Persuasion: 13 Science-Backed Ways to Get to ‘Yes’ Without Manipulation Confidence 15 min read Read more 6 Stupid Questions That Secretly Damage Your Professional Reputation 6 Stupid Questions That Secretly Damage Your Professional Reputation Confidence Social Skills 12 min read Read more Loneliness Statistics 2025: 58% of Americans Feel Invisible—Who’s Struggling Most Loneliness Statistics 2025: 58% of Americans Feel Invisible—Who’s Struggling Most Confidence 14 min read Read more 9 Masks of Masculinity: Science-Backed Ways to Unmask Your True Self 9 Masks of Masculinity: Science-Backed Ways to Unmask Your True Self Confidence 13 min read Read more Nervous Laughter: Causes, Effects & How to Stop It Nervous Laughter: Causes, Effects & How to Stop It Confidence 15 min read Read more What is an Existential Crisis? 17 Tips to Overcome One What is an Existential Crisis? 17 Tips to Overcome One Confidence 15 min read Read more Conversation Close 40+ Scavenger Hunt Games That Build Real Team Trust 40+ Scavenger Hunt Games That Build Real Team Trust Conversation 15 min read Read more What Is Sarcasm? The Science of Snark, Why It Hurts & How to Stop What Is Sarcasm? The Science of Snark, Why It Hurts & How to Stop Conversation Social Skills 12 min read Read more 30 Ways to Effortlessly Start a Conversation With A Guy 30 Ways to Effortlessly Start a Conversation With A Guy Conversation 15 min read Read more 600+ Best Never Have I Ever Questions For ANY Situation 600+ Best Never Have I Ever Questions For ANY Situation Conversation 15 min read Read more 401 BEST Trivia Questions and Answers For Game Night (2025) 401 BEST Trivia Questions and Answers For Game Night (2025) Conversation 15 min read Read more 500 Best This or That Questions For Great Conversations 500 Best This or That Questions For Great Conversations Conversation 15 min read Read more Leadership Close Cultural Differences in Communication: 6 Silent Signals to Decode Cultural Differences in Communication: 6 Silent Signals to Decode Leadership 12 min read Read more Leadership Training: 14 Science-Backed Skills That Boost Team Performance Leadership Training: 14 Science-Backed Skills That Boost Team Performance Leadership 15 min read Read more How to Be a Good Interviewer: 9 Science-Backed Tips That Top Managers Swear By How to Be a Good Interviewer: 9 Science-Backed Tips That Top Managers Swear By Leadership 15 min read Read more Resistance to Change: 7 Types and How to Deal With Them Resistance to Change: 7 Types and How to Deal With Them Leadership 15 min read Read more 21 Leadership Challenges Every Leader Faces (And How to Conquer Them) 21 Leadership Challenges Every Leader Faces (And How to Conquer Them) Leadership 15 min read Read more 9 Tips to Run a Highly Effective Meeting, Backed by Science 9 Tips to Run a Highly Effective Meeting, Backed by Science Leadership 15 min read Read more Self-Improvement Close Learned Helplessness: Signs, Causes & 9 Ways to Regain Control Learned Helplessness: Signs, Causes & 9 Ways to Regain Control Self-Improvement 14 min read Read more How to Become a Better Problem-Solver: 10 Science-Backed Strategies How to Become a Better Problem-Solver: 10 Science-Backed Strategies Self-Improvement 13 min read Read more What Is Interpersonal Communication? (And How To Improve It) What Is Interpersonal Communication? (And How To Improve It) Self-Improvement 15 min read Read more Oprah, Katy Perry & Science Agree: The 8-Step Vision Board That Primes Your Brain for Success Oprah, Katy Perry & Science Agree: The 8-Step Vision Board That Primes Your Brain for Success Self-Improvement 12 min read Read more How to Write a Biography: 8 Steps to Captivate Readers How to Write a Biography: 8 Steps to Captivate Readers Self-Improvement 15 min read Read more 121 Good Books You Must Read in 2025 (Sorted By Category) 121 Good Books You Must Read in 2025 (Sorted By Category) Self-Improvement 15 min read Read more Social Skills Close 7 Types of Toxic Coworkers and How to Handle Each One 7 Types of Toxic Coworkers and How to Handle Each One Social Skills 15 min read Read more Empathy Fatigue: 12 Science-Backed Ways to Care Without Burning Out Empathy Fatigue: 12 Science-Backed Ways to Care Without Burning Out Social Skills 15 min read Read more 6 Stupid Questions That Secretly Damage Your Professional Reputation 6 Stupid Questions That Secretly Damage Your Professional Reputation Confidence Social Skills 12 min read Read more Cancel Plans Without Losing Friends: The Science-Backed Script Cancel Plans Without Losing Friends: The Science-Backed Script Social Skills 15 min read Read more 92 Exciting Ways to Make Friends in Your New City 92 Exciting Ways to Make Friends in Your New City Social Skills 15 min read Read more How To Talk About Yourself Without Bragging: Science-Backed Methods How To Talk About Yourself Without Bragging: Science-Backed Methods Social Skills 10 min read Read more Relationships Close Insecure Attachment: How to Heal Your Attachment Style Insecure Attachment: How to Heal Your Attachment Style Relationships 15 min read Read more First Date Tips: 19 Science-Backed Ways to Land a Second Date First Date Tips: 19 Science-Backed Ways to Land a Second Date Relationships 15 min read Read more How to Ask Someone Out: 11 Science-Backed Steps How to Ask Someone Out: 11 Science-Backed Steps Relationships 15 min read Read more How to Get Over Someone: 6 Science-Backed Steps to Finally Move On How to Get Over Someone: 6 Science-Backed Steps to Finally Move On Relationships 15 min read Read more 30 Trust-Building Exercises to Rebuild Bonds in Love, Work, and Friendship 30 Trust-Building Exercises to Rebuild Bonds in Love, Work, and Friendship Relationships 15 min read Read more Platonic Relationship: Meaning, Benefits & How to Thrive Platonic Relationship: Meaning, Benefits & How to Thrive Relationships 15 min read Read more Speaking Books Close Cues Captivate Products Close Be a Coach People School ProSocial About Close Training Articles Body Language Career Charisma Confidence Conversation Leadership Self-Improvement Social Skills Relationships Training People School Course Login Books Cues Captivate Speaking About Training Communicate With Confidence Essential People Skills to Accelerate Success Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Email * Get Weekly Tips 4M + Students Taught 2M + Monthly Readers 1K + Resources AS FEATURED ON Recent Appearances Three Ways I Can Help You Try AI Coaching Personalized coaching and accountability from Vanessa AI – 24/7/365. Talk to Vanessa Free Read The Books Listen to or read one of Vanessa’s international bestselling books. Start reading now People School Our flagship coaching and goal acceleration program for high-performers. Learn more Popular categories Learn all the basics of body language you need to get started. Read all articles Command Your Inner Charisma Buff Up Your Body Langauge Lean In to Leadership Conquer Confidence Spark Conversation Self-improvement Ready for Relationships Study Social Skills Our newest reads Learn all the basics of body language you need to get started Read all articles Social Skills 15 min read 92 Exciting Ways to Make Friends in Your New City Discover 90 unique ways to meet people in any city, from trivia nights to theme parks! Learn why making… Read more Relationships 7 min read 13 Great First Date Questions Backed by Science Awkward silence is the killer of first dates. We’ve researched 13 great first date questions to ensure you never… Read more Relationships 15 min read How to Flirt: 8 Tips To Make You The Master at Flirting To understand nonverbal signals of attraction and the science of flirting, it is helpful to look at the history… Read more Social Skills 15 min read 11 Expert Tips to Stop Being a People Pleaser and Start Doing You Are you a people pleaser and have trouble saying no? Are tortured by the idea that someone might not… Read more Career 15 min read 11 Presentation Ideas That Will Radically Improve Your Presentation Skills No matter the audience size, great presentation skills are vital. Here are my 10 favorite presentation ideas so you… Read more Leadership 15 min read 12 Non-Awkward Team Building Activities That Build Trust Learn how to build a dream team with these key steps for collaboration and innovation. Read more Career 14 min read Be Happy at Work: 10 Science-Backed Ways You Can Be Happier Discover how to be happy at work with 11 simple tactics to lift your mood and focus. Read more Social Skills 11 min read How to Be More Likable: 6 Proven Moves to Shine Master how to be more likable with 6 easy strategies. Win people over effortlessly. Read more Career 7 min read Stop Doing Your To-Do List and Try This Instead Ditch to-do lists with 5 smart alternatives. Boost productivity with the Alphabet Work trick. Read more Social Skills 5 min read How to Remember Names: 5 Tricks That Stick Learn how to remember names with 5 simple tricks that lock them in fast. Read more Career 12 min read How to Be Indispensable at Work: 7 Bold Tips How to be indispensable at work: 7 moves—art, grit, chaos-taming + more—to own 2025! Read more Charisma 15 min read 27 Tips to Stand Out at Work (and Get Noticed Instantly) If you want to stand out, you’ve got to know what makes you special. But the real question is:… Read more Charisma 15 min read 20 Steps to Become the Best Version of Yourself in 2025 Do you want to become the best version of yourself? The road to greatness is not for the faint… Read more Conversation 15 min read How to Hold a Conversation With Anyone You’ve Just Met Here is the ultimate guide that teaches you how to have an engaging, flowing, and fulfilling conversation for you… Read more Conversation 15 min read Be an Expert at Witty Banter…How to Charm With Your Words You don’t have to be a comedian to break the ice with clever commentary. Here’s how to banter for… Read more Social Skills 15 min read How to Speak with Confidence and Sound Better Learn how to boost your speaking confidence and how this shift in communication can open doors in your career,… Read more Social Skills 15 min read How to Be Funny: 8 Easy Steps to Improve Your Humor Some people are naturally funny, but being funny is also a set of skills that can be learned. Check… Read more Conversation , Social Skills 15 min read 68 Killer Conversation Starters So You Can Start A Conversation With Anyone, Anytime How can you have memorable conversation with everyone you meet? Here are 69 amazing conversation starters so you can… Read more Relationships 15 min read How to Make Friends As An Adult (The Easy Way) Making friends as an adult doesn’t have to be hard—if you know how to do it! Here are some… Read more Confidence 15 min read Self-Worth: 20 Ideas to Build Self-Esteem Want to know how to build self-worth? Here’s your challenge: Below is a list of 20 ideas; choose one… Read more Self-Improvement 15 min read 50+ Best Ways You Can Step Out of Your Comfort Zone Are you a little too comfortable with life? Don’t stagnate! Step out of your comfort zone with these tips. Read more Body Language 4 min read Zoolander Body Language: How to Master the Art of Confidence Discover the secrets behind the iconic Zoolander look, from the hardened lower lid to the mystique of tightened lips.… Read more Conversation 15 min read 6 Effective Tips to Politely Say No (that actually work!) If you’re like me, “yes” rules your life and “no” doesn’t exist. How do we say no without feeling… Read more Confidence 15 min read How to Be More Confident: 15 Strategies For More Confidence Are you ready to reach your potential, conquer your goals, and face challenges? Explore how to boost your confidence… Read more Conversation 15 min read 500 Fun Questions to Ask People in ANY Situation (That Work!) Whether talking to strangers or friends, use the power of inquiry to be more likable and memorable in conversation. Read more Career 15 min read The 15 Best LinkedIn Profile Tips To Make Your Profile Pop Here’s the ultimate guide to take your LinkedIn profile to the next level. Follow these 15 tips and tricks… Read more Leadership 15 min read 30 Fun Ways to Make Employees Feel Valued & Appreciated Employees respond to gratitude when it is genuine and specific. Here are 30 unique ideas to get you started… Read more Leadership 14 min read 20 Team Building Questions For Work (That are Non-Awkward!) Here are twenty team-building questions that get straight to the heart and help you build rapport as a team. Read more Social Skills 15 min read The Nice Person’s Guide to Being Assertive Think being assertive means barking orders and demanding your needs? Don’t worry. You can speak up and still be… Read more Charisma 7 min read How to Make a Great First Impression at Work Smart people want to make a great impression at work. But they might be doing it all wrong. Here’s… Read more Self-Improvement 7 min read What makes a good life? Lessons from a study on happiness In the famous Harvard Longevity Study spanning over 80 years, researchers found the key to happiness. And it might… Read more Leadership 15 min read The 6 Charismatic Leadership Styles – Which One Are You? Charismatic leaders impact the world in powerful ways. Learn about the 6 different charismatic leaders and how they do… Read more Social Skills 15 min read 10 Interpersonal Intelligence Skills you Need to Master PQ, or interpersonal intelligence, involves how one navigates social settings. Develop these 10 characteristics to improve your PQ. Read more Conversation 10 min read Funny Responses to “How Are You?” (& Other Questions!) Some questions and comments come up in conversations every day. If you’re tired of using the same old responses… Read more Social Skills 15 min read 61 Unique Things to Do With Friends No more staying in on Friday night wondering “what should we do?” If you never know what to do… Read more Career 15 min read How to Negotiate (With 12 Science-Backed Strategies to Win) Use this guide with the best negotiation tactics for learning how to negotiate salary, how to negotiate a job… Read more Career 15 min read The 20 Best & Worst Startup Pitch Decks (with Templates!) Looking for the best pitch deck examples for your next presentation? Here are the best and worst pitch decks… Read more Charisma 15 min read The Charismatic Personality: 12 Traits You Can Master Charisma is a key skill that makes someone unforgettable. And here’s the good news: it CAN be learned! Here… Read more Charisma 8 min read How to Make a Grand Entrance (& enter any room confidently) When you walk into a crowded room, do you stand awkwardly alone, play on your phone, or worse? Don’t… Read more Relationships 9 min read How to Be Happy in a Relationship: The Ultimate Guide Someone once said that relationships are like a walk in the park. Jurassic Park, that is. Most of us… Read more Self-Improvement 10 min read 8 Powerful Ways to Tap Into Your Intuition (That Work!) Sure, you can think about how to solve a problem. But what about “knowing” how to? Your intuition is… Read more Career 6 min read The 6 Work Styles and How to Find Yours (Using Science!) How do you work best? The truth is, there’s no ONE way to work. Learn the 6 work styles… Read more Charisma 12 min read The 9 Laws of Influence: How to Be Influential (w/ Science!) Oprah Winfrey. Dwayne Johnson. Warren Buffet—You may think only powerful leaders have influence. But you can develop influence, too.… Read more Self-Improvement 15 min read 10 Steps to Reinvent Yourself and Realize Your Potential Life can be filled with obstacles. When you’ve got nowhere else to turn, how do you reinvent yourself? Follow… Read more Self-Improvement 15 min read Want to Change Your Life? Use These 13 Science-Backed Tips Change can be incredibly hard. If you feel stuck or need change in your life, look no further than… Read more Leadership 14 min read How to Be a Good Manager: A Guide for Every Personality Type I’m obsessed with personality science. I have written extensively about introverts, extroverts and ambiverts, the unique strengths of Read more Relationships 15 min read Why Fake Friends are Ruining You and How to End a Friendship Do you need to end a friendship? Sometimes we have to break up with friends. See why fake friends… Read more Leadership 15 min read How to Build a Strong Virtual Team in 7 Steps Are you in a virtual team and want to make it work? Here are my favorite virtual team communication… Read more Relationships 11 min read 36 Deep Questions to Ask Your Significant Other So You Can Truly Know Them Researcher Arthur Aron developed 36 questions to ask your significant other and to help people break through each of… Read more Career 13 min read 17 Easy Ways to Make Your Meetings Better Do you dread meetings? You might be making one of the top 7 meeting mistakes. Don’t worry! In Read more Career 15 min read From Snooze-Fest to Standing Ovation: 40 Team Meeting Ideas Your Team Will Beg to Repeat Increase team satisfaction with these fresh team meeting ideas and meeting discussion topics. Includes virtual team meeting solutions. Read more Self-Improvement 14 min read Learned Helplessness: Signs, Causes & 9 Ways to Regain Control Feeling like you don’t have control is a tough place to be. Let’s look at the steps you can… Read more Self-Improvement 13 min read How to Become a Better Problem-Solver: 10 Science-Backed Strategies Do you want to be a better problem-solver? Explore the skills you need to become more effective and confident… Read more Self-Improvement 15 min read What Is Interpersonal Communication? (And How To Improve It) Want to improve interpersonal communication but not sure what to do? Learn from our true-to-life scenarios to become more… Read more Social Skills 15 min read 7 Types of Toxic Coworkers and How to Handle Each One Got a toxic coworker (or many) in your workplace? Here’s a handy go-to guide on the 7 types of… Read more Leadership 12 min read Cultural Differences in Communication: 6 Silent Signals to Decode Understanding an employee’s culture can improve communication and productivity, build trust, reduce conflicts, and dispel workplace myths. Read more Get our latest insights and advice delivered to your inbox. It’s a privilege to be in your inbox. We promise only to send the good stuff. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Email * Join Now Articles Training Speaking About People School Login © 2025 Science of People Proudly powered by WordPress. Hosted by Pressable. Privacy policy Terms of service Fast-track your 2026 success with People School. ⏳ Beat the price hike: Prices go up Jan 9th! Get Started ✅