Scientific Games Contact Customer Login Game Gallery SGZone Company Products Responsibility News Insights Careers Company Products Responsibility News Insights Careers Trusted Global Partner We are powering growth through partnership for lotteries around the world Our 50 years of innovation and experience responsibly drive lottery performance Who We Are Newsworthy What's New at Scientific Games? Keep up to date with the latest happenings at SG. We’re proud to be named the Ohio Lottery’s primary Scratch-Offs partner for 10 more years, bringing our data-driven game innovation to benefit education in the state. Learn More Scientific Games systems technology is powering the North Dakota Lottery’s omnichannel sales with our most advanced central gaming system and iLottery solution. Learn More Scientific Games will continue driving proceeds for education in Arkansas through a new, eight-year contract with the Arkansas Scholarship Lottery for the Scientific Games Enhanced Partnership program. Learn More We’re bringing the thrill of action-packed Universal Pictures’ FAST & FURIOUS film franchise to omnichannel lottery games. Learn More Products We Elevate Play Through Innovation Exciting game entertainment experiences, cutting edge technologies, and trailblazing retail and digital solutions. We propel the lottery industry ever forward. Explore Products Games From innovative scratch-off games to the latest concepts in draw games and incredible digital play experiences, our products drive performance. We put the fun in lottery play, all backed by our world-renowned analytics and insights. Explores Games Partner Services The world’s top-performing lotteries trust our expert services to deliver quality, security and maximize returns to their beneficiary programs. Our partnerships include end-to-end management of lottery instant products, facilities and field services. Explores Partner Services Technologies Since 1973, we’ve been the innovators in our industry. From agile gaming systems to retail point-of-sale technology, digital and sports betting solutions, logistics and business intelligence platforms, we power lotteries around the world. Explores Technologies Sports Betting Sports betting is a global phenomenon and a growing revenue source for lotteries. We offer the industry’s only retail and digital solution, trusted to power large-scale lottery retail networks. Explores Sports Betting Digital Wherever players play, we’re there. That means innovative mobile and internet-based products that connect the retail and digital lottery experience. From second-chance play, loyalty programs, iLottery and sports betting, our product portfolio is focused on today, and tomorrow. Explores Digital Responsibility Today’s Favorite Lottery Games, Tomorrow’s Sustainable Future We thrive when our lottery partners thrive. Every day we’re helping improve the communities we serve through environmental, social and governance responsibility. Our Responsibility Environmental Protecting our planet matters. We’re reducing our global impact on the environment. Our Environmental Efforts Social Our social advocacy and outreach create a positive impact in communities across the world. Our Social Efforts Governance We uphold the highest standards of integrity and transparency. Our ethical code of conduct guides everything we do. Corporate Governance Analytics & Insights That Guide Lottery Strategies Our customers benefit from unparalleled consumer insights and sales analytics that help drive performance. Explore All Insights The World’s Most Trusted Lottery Company Our Global Presence We proudly serve lottery customers on six continents. Our work benefits communities in more than 50 countries. As the global lottery leader, we're committed to the highest standards of excellence and integrity. Lottery Customers Global Headquarters, Major Technology Center, Instant Game
                                Production Facility Metro Atlanta, US Major Technology Center Bangalore, India Bielefeld, Germany Budapest, Hungary London, United Kingdom Sydney, Australia Vienna, Austria Instant Game Production Facility Beijing, China Leeds, United Kingdom Montreal, Canada June 2025 Customers Global Headquarters Instant Game Production Facility Scientific Games Enhanced Partnership Facility Technology Facility Other Facility Since 1973, Scientific Games’ innovative games, cutting-edge technologies and commitment to integrity have established us as the trusted partner of lotteries worldwide. Contact Us Global Headquarters 1500 Bluegrass Lakes Parkway Alpharetta, GA 30004 USA info@scientificgames.com +1 (770) 664-3700 Your Privacy Choices Awards Company Cookie Policy Executive Leadership Legal Notices Privacy Policy Digital Games Partner Services Products Sports Betting Technologies Environmental Governance Responsibility Social Careers Events Insights News Contact Ethics Hotline Game Gallery SGZone Global Headquarters 1500 Bluegrass Lakes Parkway Alpharetta, GA 30004 USA info@scientificgames.com +1 (770) 664-3700 All ® notices signify marks registered in the United States. © 2025  Scientific Games. All Rights Reserved.