Science-Based Medicine Home Contact Website Terms of Use Explore Close Menu Close Search for: Entire Site Acupuncture Alzheimer's Disease Announcements Basic Science Book & movie reviews Cancer Chiropractic Chronic Fatigue Clinical Trials Commentary Computers & Internet Consumer Warnings COVID Critical Thinking Dentistry Diagnostic tests & procedures Energy Medicine Epidemiology Ethics Evolution Faith Healing & Spirituality Fiction Gain of Function Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) Guidelines Health Fraud Herbs & Supplements History Homeopathy Humor Influenza Internet & social media Legal Lyme Medical Academia Medical devices Medical Ethics Medical Myths Medications Naturopathy Neuroscience/Mental Health Nutrition Obstetrics & gynecology Ophthalmology Pharmaceuticals Politics and Regulation Public Health Quality Improvement Religion Satire Science and Medicine Science and the Media Surgical Procedures Traditional Chinese Medicine Traditional Medicine Vaccines Veterinary medicine Wellness Categories Science and Medicine Politics and Regulation Vaccines Public Health Clinical Trials Science and the Media Herbs & Supplements Cancer Health Fraud Acupuncture Homeopathy Neuroscience/Mental Health Chiropractic Pharmaceuticals Basic Science Nutrition Book & movie reviews Medical Academia Naturopathy Medical Ethics Tags COVID-19 vaccines antivaccine COVID-19 vaccine cancer homeopathy acupuncture quackery chiropractic naturopathy Food and Drug Administration autism complementary and alternative medicine SARS-CoV-2 pediatrics COVID-19 denial National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health Robert F. Kennedy Jr. clinical trials pseudoscience Archives December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 About SBM About SBM Editors Steven P. Novella, MD – Founder and Executive Editor David H. Gorski, MD, PhD – Managing Editor Harriet Hall, MD Kimball C. Atwood IV, MD (Emeritus) Mark A. Crislip, MD (Emeritus) Contributors Jann Bellamy, JD Scott Gavura, BScPhm, MBA, RPh David H. Gorski, MD, PhD Harriet Hall, MD Steven P. Novella, MD Kimball C. Atwood IV, MD (Emeritus) Mark A. Crislip, MD (Emeritus) Privacy Policy SBM Translations Website Terms of Use Comment policy How to submit a guest article Reference Links Acupuncture Chiropractic Homeopathy Vaccines & Autism Coming Soon Academics Cancer Cures Chelation Chinese Medicine Critical Thinking Herbs & Supplements Law & Politics Media & CAM Naturopathy Placebo Recent Comments SBM Patreon Home Contact Website Terms of Use Science-Based Medicine Exploring issues and controversies in the relationship between science and medicine About SBM About SBM Editors Steven P. Novella, MD – Founder and Executive Editor David H. Gorski, MD, PhD – Managing Editor Harriet Hall, MD Kimball C. Atwood IV, MD (Emeritus) Mark A. Crislip, MD (Emeritus) Contributors Jann Bellamy, JD Scott Gavura, BScPhm, MBA, RPh David H. Gorski, MD, PhD Harriet Hall, MD Steven P. Novella, MD Kimball C. Atwood IV, MD (Emeritus) Mark A. Crislip, MD (Emeritus) Privacy Policy SBM Translations Website Terms of Use Comment policy How to submit a guest article Reference Links Acupuncture Chiropractic Homeopathy Vaccines & Autism Coming Soon Academics Cancer Cures Chelation Chinese Medicine Critical Thinking Herbs & Supplements Law & Politics Media & CAM Naturopathy Placebo Recent Comments SBM Patreon Featured It’s a madhouse! Public health under the heirs to Lysenko (and Dr. Zaius) in 2025 Explore Menu Menu Politics and Regulation Public Health Science and the Media It’s a madhouse! Public health under the heirs to Lysenko (and Dr. Zaius) in 2025 As 2025 barrels towards its depressing conclusion, I look back at the damage federal science and medicine have sustained thus far under Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. through the lens of a classic film. Truly, it’s a madhouse, in which our federal science apparatus is run by Lysenko’s heirs. David Gorski on December 29, 2025 Science and Medicine Dr. John Ioannidis:  To Protect Science and Keep it Apolitical, We Must Not Resist MAHA. Posing as an wise, elder statesman, a neutral guardian of science, Dr. Ioannidis managed to pontificate mightily on COVID from a safe distance without ever being forced to acknowledge the tragic realities on the ground. There is no need for journalists to enable this charade today. Jonathan Howard on December 28, 2025 Science and Medicine Well Dr. Stephanie Seneff, 2025 is Over. Did Glyphosate Turn Half of All Children Autistic? Failed predictions are a key feature of pseudoscience, and much of my writing has documented instances of credentialed academies making bold, confident declarations, only to act like they never happened when reality intruded into their fantasy. Jonathan Howard on December 26, 2025 Commentary Politics and Regulation Vaccines The FDA’s Proposed “Black Box” Warning for COVID-19 Vaccines The real hazard is not the vaccines, but the warning itself Henry MIller on December 23, 2025 It’s a madhouse! Public health under the heirs to Lysenko (and Dr. Zaius) in 2025 December 29, 2025 Dr. John Ioannidis:  To Protect Science and Keep it Apolitical, We Must Not Resist MAHA. December 28, 2025 Well Dr. Stephanie Seneff, 2025 is Over. Did Glyphosate Turn Half of All Children Autistic? December 26, 2025 The FDA’s Proposed “Black Box” Warning for COVID-19 Vaccines December 23, 2025 Politics and Regulation Public Health Science and the Media It’s a madhouse! Public health under the heirs to Lysenko (and Dr. Zaius) in 2025 As 2025 barrels towards its depressing conclusion, I look back at the damage federal science and medicine have sustained thus far under Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. through the lens of a classic film. Truly, it's a madhouse, in which our federal science apparatus is run by Lysenko's heirs. David Gorski / December 29, 2025 Science and Medicine Dr. John Ioannidis:  To Protect Science and Keep it Apolitical, We Must Not Resist MAHA. Posing as an wise, elder statesman, a neutral guardian of science, Dr. Ioannidis managed to pontificate mightily on COVID from a safe distance without ever being forced to acknowledge the tragic realities on the ground. There is no need for journalists to enable this charade today. Jonathan Howard / December 28, 2025 Science and Medicine Well Dr. Stephanie Seneff, 2025 is Over. Did Glyphosate Turn Half of All Children Autistic? Failed predictions are a key feature of pseudoscience, and much of my writing has documented instances of credentialed academies making bold, confident declarations, only to act like they never happened when reality intruded into their fantasy. Jonathan Howard / December 26, 2025 Commentary Politics and Regulation Vaccines The FDA’s Proposed “Black Box” Warning for COVID-19 Vaccines The real hazard is not the vaccines, but the warning itself Henry MIller / December 23, 2025 Clinical Trials Ethics Vaccines Every accusation is a confession (or a statement of intent): MAHA’s new Tuskegee experiment HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.s CDC just funneled a $1.6 million dollar grant to researchers to carry out an unethical and scientifically unjustified randomized clinical trial of the birth dose of the hepatitis B vaccine in Guinea-Bissau. With MAHA, it's Tuskegee all over again. David Gorski / December 22, 2025 Science and Medicine Dr. Vinay Prasad “Called For” RCTs. Dr. Peter Marks Delivered Them. Dr. Vinay Prasad: "The establishment, the people who set the policies, they have to strive to get things right. They need to do studies. They need to be held to the highest standard." Jonathan Howard / December 19, 2025 Health Fraud Science and Medicine ALS and the market for false hope Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is probably one of the most devastating diagnoses that we should all hope to never hear. Also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, or motor neuron disease, ALS is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that affects the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord that are responsible for controlling voluntary muscles. As the disease advances, both upper and lower... Scott Gavura / December 18, 2025 Commentary So Long 2025 This will be my last post of the year and as usual I like to look back at how SBM is doing. We have now completed 17 years as a blog, which I think is something in itself. As always I have to thank David Gorski and all of the regular contributors here for their tireless work without any compensation except fulfilling... Steven Novella / December 17, 2025 Science and Medicine Terrain in Vain Now I got a job, but it don’t payI need health insurance, I need somewhere to stayBut without all of these things I can doBut without vaccines, I won’t make it throughBut you don’t understand my point of viewI suppose there’s nothing I can do I have been on a bit of a Clash binge of late. Truly one of the great... Mark Crislip / December 16, 2025 Herbs & Supplements Politics and Regulation Vaccines The FDA under MAHA control: Weakening the quack Miranda warning on supplements The FDA sent a letter to the supplement industry assuring that it would make it easier for them to hide disclaimers (which we like to call "quack Miranda warnings") about unproven health claims for supplements. What does this tell us about MAHA? David Gorski / December 15, 2025 1 2 3 … 507 → Buy an e-book: SBM e-Books for iBooks Dr. Hall’s video SBM course Categories Acupuncture Announcements Basic Science Book & movie reviews Cancer Chiropractic Clinical Trials Computers & Internet Critical Thinking Dentistry Energy Medicine Epidemiology Evolution Faith Healing & Spirituality Health Fraud Herbs & Supplements History Homeopathy Humor Legal Medical Academia Medical Ethics Naturopathy Neuroscience/Mental Health Nutrition Obstetrics & gynecology Ophthalmology Pharmaceuticals Politics and Regulation Public Health Religion Science and Medicine Science and the Media Surgical Procedures Traditional Chinese Medicine Vaccines Veterinary medicine Recent Comments View all recent comments View all recent comments Donate to support science! If you prefer to make a one time donation, please use the link below Translate Page (Powered by Google Translate) Development by Digital Gravity Media | All content on Science-Based Medicine ©2008-2024.