Science Friday Skip to content Science Friday play Latest Broadcast Science Friday Main Menu Audio Broadcasts Podcasts The Leap State of Science Contribute Your Voice Articles All Articles Tiny Nature Triumphs Science Goes To The Movies Astronomy: Made in Latin America Science Policy Educate All Educational Resources Oceans Month Down To Earth Hack Your Brain Sun Camp Community Events SciFri Book Club Newsletters Cephalopod Week About About Science Friday Stations Staff & Board Careers Contact Us Utility Menu En Español Shop Donate Search for: Support Science Friday Support science and public media. All donations are matched $1 for $1. Donate Now On Today's Podcast A Look Back At 2025 In Science, From Federal Cuts To Space Junk There was major science news in 2025. Plus, underreported developments in geoengineering and a triumph for furniture rearrangement. Listen Now Most Recent Broadcast December 26, 2025 Physicist Sean Carroll takes on black holes, Schrödinger’s cat, and other big physics concepts. Plus, we revisit some of our top stories of 2025, covering research into how death metal singers safely produce extreme vocalizations, how algorithms and social media are changing language, and what we can learn from people thriving in the coldest parts of the world. Listen Now Tangling With Entanglement And Other Big Ideas In Physics Physicist Sean Carroll takes on black holes, Schrödinger’s cat, and other big physics concepts that had our audience wondering. Listen How Death Metal Singers Make Their Extreme Vocalizations Vocal researchers are learning how death metal singers safely produce extreme vocal distortions, in hopes of improving vocal health care. Listen Sign Up For Science Friday’s Newsletters! From sneak peeks of the show to educational resources to events, stay up to speed with all things SciFri. Read More Trending Article The Best Of Science Friday, 2025 Article Mushroom Foragers Find Connection And Belonging Outdoors Article 2025’s Best Science Books For Kids Explore More Type Articles Segments Videos Spotlights Educational Resources Topic Physics + Chemistry Earth + Climate Space Health Biology Nature Math Technology + Engineering Arts, Culture + History Food + Agriculture Energy Ethics + Policy Brain Segment A Look Back At 2025 In Science, From Federal Cuts To Space Junk There was major science news in 2025. Plus, underreported developments in geoengineering and a triumph for furniture rearrangement. Listen Segment What The Sigma Is Algospeak? You might think sticking out your gyatt for the rizzler is chopped, but “Algospeak” author Adam Aleksic says we should let Gen Alpha cook. Listen Segment How Death Metal Singers Make Their Extreme Vocalizations Vocal researchers are learning how death metal singers safely produce extreme vocal distortions, in hopes of improving vocal health care. Listen Segment Tangling With Entanglement And Other Big Ideas In Physics Physicist Sean Carroll takes on black holes, Schrödinger’s cat, and other big physics concepts that had our audience wondering. Listen Segment The Science Of Thriving In Winter—By Embracing It In a conversation from January, a psychologist and author of “How To Winter” explains what we can learn from people thriving in the coldest parts of the world. Listen Segment A Neurologist Investigates His Own Musical Hallucinations In a story from August, neurologist Bruce Dobkin discusses how he started hearing a phantom choir singing on a loop after he received a cochlear implant. Listen Article Mushroom Foragers Find Connection And Belonging Outdoors Mushroom hunting is increasingly popular. A new wave of foraging groups by and for people of color could also help close the “nature gap.” Read More Segment How Did Vaccine Policies Actually Change In 2025? After a year of near-daily headlines about changes to vaccine policy, what has actually changed? And what do we need to know? Listen Segment Why Astronomers Are Excited About Comet 3I/ATLAS’ Close Approach Comet 3I/Atlas is just the third known object to visit us from outside our solar system. So yes… we’ll be talking about aliens. Listen Educational Resource How Do Ants Crown A Queen? Discover how identical ant genes create queens or workers. Learn how genotype and environment shape ant development and phenotype. Read More Segment ‘Fire Amoeba’ Likes It Hot, And A Faraway Lava Planet A newly identified amoeba can survive at the temperature of a medium-well steak. Plus, a distant lava planet shows signs of an atmosphere. Listen Segment What’s The Reality Behind The Humanoid Robot Hype? Humanoid robots are all over social media, doing everything from dancing to serving drinks. But are they really going to show up in our lives? Listen Segment ‘Just’ A Blue Jay? Don’t Overlook These Magnificent Common Birds This Christmas Bird Count, we salute the fabulous, underappreciated, common species. Here’s to you, house sparrow. Listen Segment Can We Just Throw Our Plastic Garbage Into A Volcano? A volcanologist answers your questions about glass-shard hairballs, cooking breakfast over lava, Gollum’s end on Mount Doom, and more. Listen Article The Best Of Science Friday, 2025 From fish to Phish, Science Friday has had a big year. Our staff chose their favorite stories and projects from 2025. Read More Segment How Did Ancient Humans Use The Acoustics Of Spaces Like Caves? What did a vulture-bone flute sound like inside a cave? How about singing inside a tomb? Researchers are bringing ancient sounds back to life. Listen Segment What The Sounds Of Melting Glaciers Can Tell Us A glacier’s edge can be a dangerous place to do research. This team is using robots and sound samples to monitor the melting ice. Listen Segment How A Fringe Idea Led To Lifesaving Cancer Treatments Over the past century, most cancer research has focused on the tumor itself. Rakesh Jain focused on the tumor’s environment instead. Listen Segment Why Is Bubonic Plague Still With Us? When cases of plague pop up in the US, it can feel straight up medieval. It’s treatable, but how and why does it persist? Listen Segment Don’t Let Their Name Fool You—Sea Slugs Are Awesome Across their 10,000 species, sea slugs sport striking colors, external gills, and even the ability to regrow a body from a severed head. Listen 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next Last » Physics + Chemistry Earth + Climate Space Health Biology Nature Math Technology + Engineering Arts, Culture + History Food + Agriculture Energy Ethics + Policy Brain Explore Everything Footer Science Friday 160 Varick St., 7th Floor New York, NY 10013 Social Media Menu Instagram, opens in new tab Facebook, opens in new tab X, opens in new tab Youtube, opens in new tab Threads, opens in new tab Bluesky, opens in new tab LinkedIn, opens in new tab TikTok, opens in new tab RSS, opens in new tab Footer Menu About Us Donate Shop Newsletters Stations Staff & Board Careers Contact Press Donate $52 Give a dollar for every Friday! Thank you for helping us continue making science fun for everyone. Support Science Friday today Science Friday® is produced by the Science Friday Initiative, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. X This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read more. SETTINGS REJECT ACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description _abck 1 year This cookie is used to detect and defend when a client attempt to replay a cookie.This cookie manages the interaction with online bots and takes the appropriate actions. ASP.NET_SessionId session Issued by Microsoft's ASP.NET Application, this cookie stores session data during a user's website visit. AWSALBCORS 7 days This cookie is managed by Amazon Web Services and is used for load balancing. bm_sz 4 hours This cookie is set by the provider Akamai Bot Manager. This cookie is used to manage the interaction with the online bots. It also helps in fraud preventions cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category . cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". csrftoken past This cookie is associated with Django web development platform for python. Used to help protect the website against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks JSESSIONID session The JSESSIONID cookie is used by New Relic to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. nlbi_972453 session A load balancing cookie set to ensure requests by a client are sent to the same origin server. PHPSESSID session This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed. TiPMix 1 hour The TiPMix cookie is set by Azure to determine which web server the users must be directed to. viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. visid_incap_972453 1 year SiteLock sets this cookie to provide cloud-based website security services. X-Mapping-fjhppofk session This cookie is used for load balancing purposes. The cookie does not store any personally identifiable data. x-ms-routing-name 1 hour Azure sets this cookie for routing production traffic by specifying the production slot. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description __cf_bm 30 minutes This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. bcookie 2 years LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser ID. bscookie 2 years LinkedIn sets this cookie to store performed actions on the website. lang session LinkedIn sets this cookie to remember a user's language setting. lidc 1 day LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection. S 1 hour Used by Yahoo to provide ads, content or analytics. sp_landing 1 day The sp_landing is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. sp_t 1 year The sp_t cookie is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. UserMatchHistory 1 month LinkedIn sets this cookie for LinkedIn Ads ID syncing. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better experience for the visitors. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookie Duration Description __jid 30 minutes Cookie used to remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use Disqus. _gat 1 minute This cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to restrain request rate and thus limit the collection of data on high traffic sites. _gat_UA-28243511-22 1 minute A variation of the _gat cookie set by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to allow website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. The pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. AWSALB 7 days AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. countryCode session This cookie is used for storing country code selected from country selector. Audience Measurement audience Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide anonymized information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. The use of these cookies is strictly limited to measuring the site's audience. These cookies do not allow the tracking of navigation on other websites and the data collected is not combined or shared with third parties. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description _fbp 3 months This cookie is set by Facebook to display advertisements when either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising, after visiting the website. fr 3 months Facebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements to users by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin. IDE 1 year 24 days Google DoubleClick IDE cookies are used to store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile. NID 6 months NID cookie, set by Google, is used for advertising purposes; to limit the number of times the user sees an ad, to mute unwanted ads, and to measure the effectiveness of ads. personalization_id 2 years Twitter sets this cookie to integrate and share features for social media and also store information about how the user uses the website, for tracking and targeting. test_cookie 15 minutes The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies. vglnk.Agent.p 1 year VigLink sets this cookie to track the user behaviour and also limit the ads displayed, in order to ensure relevant advertising. vglnk.PartnerRfsh.p 1 year VigLink sets this cookie to show users relevant advertisements and also limit the number of adverts that are shown to them. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 5 months 27 days A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface. YSC session YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. yt-remote-connected-devices never YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video. yt-remote-device-id never YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video. yt.innertube::nextId never This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. yt.innertube::requests never This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie Duration Description _dc_gtm_UA-28243511-20 1 minute No description abtest-identifier 1 year No description AnalyticsSyncHistory 1 month No description ARRAffinityCU session No description available. ccc 1 month No description COMPASS 1 hour No description cookies.js_dtest session No description debug never No description available. donation-identifier 1 year No description f never No description available. GFE_RTT 5 minutes No description available. incap_ses_1185_2233503 session No description incap_ses_1185_823975 session No description incap_ses_1185_972453 session No description incap_ses_1319_2233503 session No description incap_ses_1319_823975 session No description incap_ses_1319_972453 session No description incap_ses_1364_2233503 session No description incap_ses_1364_823975 session No description incap_ses_1364_972453 session No description incap_ses_1580_2233503 session No description incap_ses_1580_823975 session No description incap_ses_1580_972453 session No description incap_ses_198_2233503 session No description incap_ses_198_823975 session No description incap_ses_198_972453 session No description incap_ses_340_2233503 session No description incap_ses_340_823975 session No description incap_ses_340_972453 session No description incap_ses_374_2233503 session No description incap_ses_374_823975 session No description incap_ses_374_972453 session No description incap_ses_375_2233503 session No description incap_ses_375_823975 session No description incap_ses_375_972453 session No description incap_ses_455_2233503 session No description incap_ses_455_823975 session No description incap_ses_455_972453 session No description incap_ses_8076_2233503 session No description incap_ses_8076_823975 session No description incap_ses_8076_972453 session No description incap_ses_867_2233503 session No description incap_ses_867_823975 session No description incap_ses_867_972453 session No description incap_ses_9117_2233503 session No description incap_ses_9117_823975 session No description incap_ses_9117_972453 session No description li_gc 2 years No description loglevel never No description available. msToken 10 days No description Save & Accept