Gig Fiber Internet | SC Broadband – Southern Utah Skip to content No results Residential Broadband Internet Ultimate WiFi Voice Additional Internet Services Speed Test Online Safety Tips Business Broadband Internet Vacation Rental Internet Public Access WiFi Dedicated Fiber & Data Solutions Cloud Voice (Hosted PBX) Voice Solutions CommPortal SC Network Solutions SC Network Solutions Managed & Co-Managed IT SmartBiz Surveillance & Security Cloud Services SC Network Solutions Blog SC Network Solutions Locations Support FAQs Contact Us Service Alerts About About Us Donations Scholarships Careers Surplus Items for Sale Policies and Agreements News & Blog IT News Refer a Friend Pay my Bill IMPORTANT NOTICE: SC Broadband Email Service Will End on January 2, 2025 We want to inform you that SC Broadband will be discontinuing Email service and the Webmail portal website for customers on January 2, 2025. If you have an email account with SC Broadband, your email account with us will no longer accept new emails and the Webmail portal will cease to be available after that date. We understand that email is a vital communication platform and we do not take this decision to end email service lightly. That's why we are providing ample notification to make this change less impactful. We've also sent notices and additional guidance to the affected email accounts to assist you during this transition period. For step-by-step guides and answers to common questions, we've provided an Email User Transition Guide at emailguide.scbroadband.com. Our Technical Support Team is also available to help with backing up old emails and transitioning to your new account. Please call 435-263-0000 or email techsupport@scbroadband.com any time you need assistance. Proceed to Webmail View the Email User Transition Guide News & Blog IT News Refer a Friend Pay my Bill Residential Broadband Internet Ultimate WiFi Voice Additional Internet Services Speed Test Online Safety Tips Business Broadband Internet Vacation Rental Internet Public Access WiFi Dedicated Fiber & Data Solutions Cloud Voice (Hosted PBX) Voice Solutions CommPortal SC Network Solutions SC Network Solutions Managed & Co-Managed IT SmartBiz Surveillance & Security Cloud Services SC Network Solutions Blog SC Network Solutions Locations Support FAQs Contact Us Service Alerts About About Us Donations Scholarships Careers Surplus Items for Sale Policies and Agreements Search My Account Sign up for Service Sign up for Service Menu For the 4th Year in a Row, We’re the Best of Iron County Thank you, Southern Utah. We’re proud to be your choice for Gig-fiber Internet. Learn More Fast and Reliable Gig Fiber Internet with SC Broadband Move at the speed of light with SC Broadband’s Gig Fiber Internet. Our Whole-Home WiFi delivers secure and powerful wireless with the fastest fiber internet in Southern Utah and Northern Arizona. Whether you’re working, streaming, or gaming, Gig speeds and a local team keep you connected—with no contracts, no data caps, and no compromises. Learn More SmartBiz means fewer problems, more profit. Your business depends on more than just a signal. SmartBiz protects your network, reduces downtime, and gives you better control across every connection. Learn More Springdale Kanarraville New Harmony Get ready for next-level internet. Ultra-fast fiber is here!!! No contracts, no hidden fees, just lightning-fast speeds and local support you can count on. Smoother everything. Better streaming. Faster work. Smoother everything. Learn More IT That Works as Hard as You Do Technology should drive operations, not drag them down. SC Network Solutions protects your systems, monitors your network, and supports your team—quietly, precisely, and before problems cost you time and money. Learn More Make Your Home Internet Safer Start with six easy habits for home internet safety. Strengthen logins, verify messages, keep your router and devices updated, and back up what matters. Learn More High Speed Fiber Internet Gig Fiber Internet speeds for all your family’s needs Your family deserves the best! With so much of your life spent online, make sure your home has the most bandwidth, the most reliable connection, and the fastest WiFi. Explore Residential Plans The Benefits of Gig Fiber Internet Whole Home WiFi Our WiFi blankets your entire home with the fastest and most reliable WiFi around. We provide a truly seamless wireless experience! Reliably Fast Internet Get the fastest and most consistent download and upload speeds to every device, even during peak hours. No Buffering No buffering, whether you’re streaming 4K ultra-HD movies, video chatting, gaming, or doing all of them at once! Connect All Devices With our state-of-the-art GigaSpire WiFi-6 router, you can connect all of your family’s devices without losing speed or service. Free Installation Sign up today and get free installation (a $99 value), a free GigaSpire WiFi-6 Router, and up to two WiFi Extenders! CommandIQ App With our app you can see all devices connected to your home network, set-up a guest network, implement profiles to toggle devices off and on, control devices and so much more! Mission & Values Delivering Communications Solutions Since 1953 Our mission is to improve our communities by being the best provider of communications and entertainment services in the areas we serve and for the services we offer. About Us Residential Internet Business Internet SC Network Solutions Contact Us FAQs Policies and Agreements 24/7 Technical Support: 888-826-4211 Residential Sales & Customer Service: 888-826-4211 customerservice@scbroadband.com Business & Enterprise Sales: 888-826-4211 businessassist@scbroadband.com © 2026 SC Broadband