Assistant
Search
Pricing
More
 Features
AI for Research, Built on Evidence

The only AI Assistant built on licensed access to the largest collection of peer-reviewed research

Use Table Mode
Researchers
Get cited answers grounded in scholarly research
Corporate
Track drug development, trials, and emerging science
Universities
Monitor and improve research impact across your institution
Publishers
Increase publication visibility and support your authors

Partnered with the world’s leading publishers

+ many more

Used by the world’s leading organizations

+ many more

What sets Scite apart?

We combine unmatched access to both Open Access and paywalled content with our Smart Citations database that analyzes and classifies 1.5b+ citations across 200M+ sources. This combination powers our AI and search tools, giving you verifiable insights you can trust.

Start your Search
Trusted by researchers and organizations around the world

Over 2,000,000 researchers, students, and industry experts trust Scite

See what they're saying

"Scite is an incredibly clever tool. The feature that classifies papers on whether they find supporting or contrasting evidence for a particular publication saves so much time. It has become indispensable to me when writing papers and finding related work to cite and read."

Emir Efendić, Ph.D

Maastricht University

"As a PhD student, I'm so glad that this exists for my literature searches and papers. Being able to assess what is disputed or affirmed in the literature is how the scientific process is supposed to work, and Scite helps me do this more efficiently."

Kathleen C McCormick, Ph.D Student

Cornell

"Scite is such an awesome tool! It’s never been easier to place a scientific paper in the context of the wider literature."

Mark Mikkelsen, Ph.D

The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine

"This is a really cool tool. I just tried it out on a paper we wrote on flu/pneumococcal seasonality... really interesting to see the results were affirmed by other studies. I had no idea."

David N. Fisman, Ph.D

University of Toronto

Do better research

Join scite to be a part of a community dedicated to making science more reliable.

Book a demo
Join now 

Scite is an AI-powered platform that helps researchers discover and evaluate scientific literature through Smart Citations, showing whether studies support or contradict a claim. Now part of Research Solutions, Scite has indexed 1.4B+ citations, partners with 30+ publishers, and serves 2M users worldwide.

Contact Info

customersupport@researchsolutions.com

10624 S. Eastern Ave., Ste. A-614

Henderson, NV 89052, USA

Product
Scite Assistant
Search
Reference Check
Dashboards
Resources
Pricing
Help & FAQ
Request a Demo
Blog
Company
Data Coverage
News & Press
Careers
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
API Terms
Accessibility Statement

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Copyright © 2025 Scite LLC. All rights reserved.

Made with 💙 for researchers

Part of the Research Solutions Family.