Scoop - New Zealand News Scoop has an Ethical Paywall Licence needed for work use Start Free Trial  Front Page  Contact  About  ScoopPro  Scoop Werewolf Wellington The Dig Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health    Contact  About  ScoopPro Scoop Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Network Scoop Werewolf Wellington Scoop The Dig Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Thursday, 01 January 2026,  2:45am NZASA: Lack Of Leaders In Amateur Codes A Concern Government: New Year - New Inflight Biosecurity Video DPMC: New Year Honours List 2026 Government: Knights And Dames Congratulated By PM Glen Smith: Planning for congestion – it’s stupid MetService: Going Out With A Bang - Heavy Rain & Gales To End 2025 Government: Pilot To Enhance Welfare Practices In Shearing Sector Tironui Music Trust: 3 New Scholarships Supported By The Hugo Charitable Trust Gordon Campbell: On GDP Growth, And Other Holiday Diversions No one likes being a downer at Christmas time, so...as we look forward into 2026, we can all agree that some economic growth is better than no economic growth at all. That said, did Christmas come early for you? Finance Minister Nicola Wills says it did, citing the 1.1% rise in GDP during the September quarter, which she took as a sure sign of far better times to come for you and yours. Hmm. Willis never hesitates to over-egg her own omelettes, but this really is wishful thinking. work Join Scoop Pro  Submit News person_add Become a Member Join Scoop Pro Get licensed for professional use Stay informed on key issues Comprehensive media archive Over 50 Broadcast email reports Get started today with a free trial Click to learn more NEW ZEALAND POLITICS PSNA: Govt Urgently Needs To Join International Condemnation Of Israeli Suspension Of Aid Organisations In Gaza “This is a death sentence to thousands more Palestinian in Gaza,” says PSNA Co-Chair John Minto. “With western countries distracted by New Year celebrations, Israel has decided to dramatically tighten its stranglehold on aid to Gaza.” Walk Without Fear Trust: Keep Each Other Safe This New Year’s Eve The festive season is a time for connection and celebration — but too often ends in preventable tragedy caused by alcohol-fuelled street violence. Department of Conservation: First Pakake Pup Marks Start Of Breeding Season Tui is directly descended from a female named Mum, who gave birth to the first pup born on mainland New Zealand in 1993, following a 150-year of absence of breeding for the species. NZ Police: Police Commissioner Goes Back On The Beat For Rhythm And Vines, New Year’s Eve Deputy Commissioner Mike Pannett will also take part in frontline duties over the New Year’s period in Tamaki Makaurau and acting Deputy Commissioner Tusha Penny will be out and about in Wellington. Russell Palmer, RNZ: Labour, Greens In The Hot Seat Over India Free Trade Agreement John Key's government tried and failed to get negotiations with India over the line, and Labour in the last term did not get to the point of launching formal negotiations. NZ National Party: Strong Engagement On Upper Harbour MP's Life Jackets Bill National MP for Upper Harbour Cameron Brewer says strong engagement from community and sector groups shows how important it is to keep children safe on the water. LATEST HEADLINES PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL Education And Training (Vocational Education And Training System) Amendment Bill... 11:33 AM Marine And Coastal Area (Takutai Moana) (Customary Marine Title) Amendment Bill ... 11:18 AM Marine And Coastal Area (Takutai Moana) (Customary Marine Title) Amendment Bill ... 11:10 AM Marine And Coastal Area (Takutai Moana) (Customary Marine Title) Amendment Bill ... 11:01 AM Oral Questions — Questions To Ministers 10:49 AM
    | Hansard Knights And Dames Congratulated By PM 6:46 AM
    | New Zealand Government Education And Training (Vocational Education And Training System) Amendment Bill... 30/12/25 More  RSS Government Urgently Needs To Join International Condemnation Of Israeli Suspensi... 1:14 PM Ministerial Advisory Group Wants Commitment To Tackling Transnational Organised ... 29/12/25 Taxpayers’ Union Mourns The Passing Of Garrick Tremain 29/12/25
    | New Zealand Taxpayers' Uni... Sheep Shearing Industry, Government Announce $75,000 Animal Welfare Programme 29/12/25
    | RNZ Where Do MPs Go, When They Go Bush? 28/12/25
    | RNZ PETA Statement on NZ Government’s Shearing Industry Welfare Programme 28/12/25
    | PETA Asia P... Emails Reveal Marlon Williams, Paul Goldsmith Treaty Principles Exchange 27/12/25
    | RNZ More  RSS Vegan Society Of Aotearoa New Zealand Backs Veganuary 2026 As A Climate Solution 8:25 PM Dashcam Footage Sought For Crash | Auckland Southern Motorway, Randwick Park 6:16 PM New Year Honours: Dark Sky Champion Initially Didn't Believe  Honour Email 6:02 PM
    | Sue Te... Nominations Open For New Election In Papatoetoe Subdivision 5:15 PM
    | RNZ Authorities Urge Violence-Free Night In Auckland, New Year's Events Cancelled El... 5:10 PM 16 Māori Recognised For 2026 In New Year Honours List 5:03 PM
    | RNZ New Year Honours: Libby Fletcher Honoured For Protecting Lake Tarawera 4:10 PM
    | Mathew Nas... More  RSS Wellington Scoop New Year celebrations get go-ahead – thunderstorm warning cancelled Hundreds of homes without power after yesterday’s severe winds Wellingtonians named in New Year Honours List Honoured today:  four Wellingtonians look back on their lives Resurfacing SH1 at Ngauranga interchange – detours during night work Thousands of Wairarapa properties at risk from 1-in-100-year flood Delays on SH2 after two vehicles crash at Kaitoke More  RSS  News Alerts BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH The Dog And Lemon Guide: Economic Recession Kept The 2025 Road Toll Low About two-thirds of fatal accidents occur on rural roads, many of them far beyond the reach of speed cameras and police radar. A large percentage of these deaths are males, with Maori heavily over-represented. Hugh Grant: Z Image API Vs. Nano Banana Pro API - Which One Is Better For Developers On Kie.ai? Explore the features of Z Image API and Nano Banana Pro API on Kie.ai. Compare image generation speed, customisation, and efficiency to determine which API best suits your development needs. Watercare: Second Financial Support Payment Of $1 Million To Mahurangi Oyster Farmers Watercare Chief Operations Officer Mark Bourne said the second payment reflects Watercare’s commitment to providing support while the independent assessment is completed. Dr Jo Pollard: Managing Wild Animal Populations Without The Cruelty Of 1080 A scientist has made a plea to ditch 1080 poison, a slow-to-kill toxin that causes intense suffering to creatures that ingest it and as used by the Department of Conservation over large swathes of public wilderness lands. Electricity Authority: Formal Complaint Lodged Over Alleged Code Breach The Authority alleges Genesis failed to comply with dispatch instructions in respect of Huntly unit 5 and that it failed to immediately advise the System Operator of a bona fide physical reason (for plant safety) in relation to why Huntly unit 5 was unable to comply with the issued dispatch instructions on 26 January 2024 in breach of clauses 13.82(2) and 13.82(3) of the Code. Worldline: Spending Lifts In Third Week Of Slow December As Retailers Look Forward To Pre-Christmas Day Surge Combining the three merchant groups, annual growth of Core Retail spending through Worldline NZ’s payments network in the first 21 days of December was highest in Whanganui (+2.7%) and Otago (+1.9%), while spending declines were largest in percentage terms in Wellington (-4.8%) and Bay of Plenty (-3.4%). LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Economic Recession Kept The 2025 Road Toll Low 5:59 PM
    | Dog And Lemon Guide Ten Businesses That Didn't Survive 2025 5:22 PM
    | RNZ What To Expect From Power Prices In The Coming Year 5:06 PM
    | RNZ LawFuel Names Scott Russell 2025 New Zealand Lawyer Of The Year After Landmark B... 11:30 AM From SEO To GEO: What New Zealand Businesses Should Do As AI Reshapes Search 11:18 AM Sky Tower Fireworks And Projections To Lead New Zealand Into 2026 10:31 AM
    | SKYCITY Adidas, ASICS & New Balance Officially End Use Of Kangaroo Leather In Products, ... 9:13 AM More  RSS Scientists Investigate Venomous Spider 'Hotspots' 30/12/25
    | RNZ Simple, Universal Model Explains Chemical Reactivity Of All Elements 30/12/25
    | Skoltech Facial Recognition Report Shows Teenagers Are Worst Threat To South Island Super... 26/12/25 Domestic Violence Experts Warning Of Increase In Abusive Partners Using Tracking... 26/12/25 Skoltech Researchers Developed A Method To Accurately Evaluate Fibrous Material ... 24/12/25 Managing Wild Animal Populations Without The Cruelty Of 1080 23/12/25
    | Dr Jo Pollard Do I Really Need An Ambient Port With My Custom In-Ears? 23/12/25
    | Conversion Marketing More  RSS COMMENT Binoy Kampmark: Spyware And Murder - The NSO Group, Governments And Khashoggi The efforts to hold the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia accountable for the murder of Saudi dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi in its Istanbul consulate in October 2018 continue. Martin LeFevre - Meditations: AI Can Never Be Intelligent In The True Sense Of The Word For the foreseeable future at least, as long as humans value reason over insight, AGI, which will reason much better than people do, will preserve and increase the stupidity and chaos of the world. Binoy Kampmark: The Charge Of The Padded Brigade - England In Australia The ones to really feel the pinch will be the treasurers of the Australian Cricket Board, having lost millions on games that did not make the five days. Romana Rubeo and Ramzy Baroud: The Case For Expelling Israel From Eurovision But is Israel a European country? Answering this question requires that we deeply appreciate the profound and sinister relationship between Israel and the West in general, and Israel and Europe in particular. Martin LeFevre - Meditations: Jimmy Kimmel’s English Tea And Biscuits Address So no Jimmy, we don’t have three years in America to fiddle as Washington burns down the old order it largely created. And neither does the rest of humanity. Binoy Kampmark: Indiscriminate Suppression - Attacking Pro-Palestinian Protests After The Bondi Killings Inevitably, the changes will imperil the welfare of the very people it seeks to protect while demonising those who genuinely seek change in policies through peaceful assembly. LATEST HEADLINES TOP SCOOPS Spyware And Murder: The NSO Group, Governments And Khashoggi 5:50 PM
    | Binoy Kampmark Hope And Wishful Thinking Aren’t A Response 11:55 AM
    | Martin LeFevre - Meditations A Thesis Confirmed: Epstein, Dershowitz And The Israel Lobby 29/12/25
    | Binoy Kampmark AI Can Never Be Intelligent In The True Sense Of The Word 29/12/25
    | Martin LeFevre - Medita... The Charge Of The Padded Brigade: England In Australia 28/12/25
    | Binoy Kampmark The Architecture Of Extermination: Why The Gaza Genocide Is Premeditated And Rep... 27/12/25 The Case For Expelling Israel From Eurovision 27/12/25
    | Romana Rubeo and Ramzy Baroud More  RSS WORLD UN News: General Assembly Approves $3.45 Billion UN Regular Budget For 2026 The budget – approved by the 193-member General Assembly on Tuesday – authorises $3,450,426,300 for the coming year, covering the Organization’s three core pillars of work: peace and security, sustainable development and human rights. Save The Children: YEAR IN REVIEW - Five Climate Disasters That Disrupted Children's Lives In 2025 Save the Children data this year showed about 136,000 children a day have been affected by climate disasters over the past 30 years, highlighting the need for decisive action to protect children against the impacts of climate change. CNS: Why Are We Still Failing On Gender Equality Despite Years Of Promise UN Sustainable Development Goals adopted by all world leaders in 2015 promise to achieve gender equality 'where no one is left behind' by 2030. But are we on track? or are we struggling to deliver on the goals - or sliding back? Gustavo Egusquiza: Mariel Hemingway's Heartfelt Reflections On Rob Reiner's Tragic Passing The killing of American filmmaker Rob Reiner and his wife, Michele Singer Reiner, on December 14 at their Brentwood residence in Los Angeles has sparked profound international shock. Fiji Council of Social Services: A Christmas Message Of Hope And Action For Fiji This Christmas, FCOSS shares the following Outcome Statement from the recent National Dialogue on Pathways to Peace as a gift of hope and a concrete plan for our nation's future. Sonali Kolhatkar, IMI: Americans Aren’t Traumatized Enough By Gun Violence We are awash in stories that glorify guns, especially from the liberal purveyors of Hollywood fantasies obsessively feeding us movies about “good guys with guns.” But the pain of gun violence survivors is rarely explored in nuanced ways on our television screens, newspapers, or social media. LATEST HEADLINES WORLD Unease In Palau Over US Deportees Deal 5:00 PM
    | RNZ Eight Pasifika Recipients In New Year Honours 4:14 PM
    | RNZ 2025 In Review: Politics, Health And Climate Change Dominated Pacific News Headl... 4:12 PM Statement Regarding International Aid Organisations Operating In Gaza 2:57 PM
    | Embassy of ... General Assembly Approves $3.45 Billion UN Regular Budget For 2026 2:18 PM
    | UN News UN Renews Ceasefire Push In Sudan 12:26 PM
    | UN News UN Peacekeeper Injured In Gunfire Near ‘Blue Line’ In South Lebanon 12:23 PM
    | UN News More  RSS LIFESTYLE RNZ: Memorable Moments From Across The Sporting Globe In 2025 And this year wasn't short of unforgettable sporting moments. Cathedral Square Unearthed: Christchurch Residents Invited To Share Their Memories Ōtautahi Christchurch residents are being invited to share their personal stories of Cathedral Square as part of a new community conversation launched by the Christchurch Archaeology Project. “Everyone has a Cathedral Square story. What’s yours?” Michael Hill International Violin Competition: 2026 Competitors Announced The ‘Michael Hill’ has been a platform for some of the world’s most successful contemporary soloists, teachers, concertmasters, ensemble players and professors in the world. Netball NZ: 2025 New Zealand Netball Awards Celebrate Excellence Across The Game The awards celebrate the excellence, passion and commitment, highlighting the people who continue to shape and strengthen netball throughout Aotearoa. Emirates Team NZ: Five Teams Enter Historic America’s Cup Alliance To Supercharge Future Of Sport’s Oldest Trophy This marks a transformative moment in the 174-year history of the competition, creating a unified entity dedicated to the long-term stability and growth of the America's Cup. GPNZ: Coherent Patient-Focused Direction For Primary Care Urgently Needed The approval of a third new Primary Health Organisation (PHO) to operate across Aotearoa risks disruption to primary care and underlines the need for certainty about the future role of PHOs in the health system. LATEST HEADLINES CULTURE HEALTH EDUCATION Lack Of Leaders In Amateur Codes A Concrn For All Sporting Kiwis 11:59 AM
    | New Zealand Amat... 'Superman' Still Faster Than A Speeding Bullet 30/12/25
    | Bikesport NZ The Biggest Kiwi Sporting Stories Of 2025 30/12/25
    | RNZ Former Black Cap Doug Bracewell Retires From Cricket 29/12/25
    | RNZ Memorable Moments From Across The Sporting Globe In 2025 28/12/25
    | RNZ UFC Year In Review: The Good, The Bad And The Ugly 28/12/25
    | RNZ Chris Wood Set For Extended Time Out After Surgery 28/12/25
    | RNZ More  RSS Recreational Drug Users Urged To Get Their Stuff Checked Before This New Year's 28/12/25 Warning After Multiple People Hospitalised After Using Synthetic Cannabis 26/12/25
    | RNZ Coherent Patient-Focused Direction For Primary Care Urgently Needed 23/12/25
    | General Pract... ProCare Responds To Approval Of New PHO: Timing Raises Concerns 23/12/25
    | Pro Care GenPro Welcomes Green Light For Lean, Patient-Focused Primary Health Organisatio... 23/12/25 PSA Members To Vote On Settlement Of Industrial Dispute With Health NZ 22/12/25
    | PSA Health Warning – Harmful Algal Bloom in South Bank Tributary of the Waiau Uwha R... 22/12/25 More  RSS Science, English Slide, As Secondary School Students Seek Life Skills 28/12/25
    | RNZ What Will Happen To Gloriavale's Students Once The School Closes? 20/12/25
    | RNZ Two Outstanding Kaiako Have Been Recognised For The Prestigious NEiTA Awards, Wi... 19/12/25 Gloriavale Christian School Registration Cancelled 18/12/25
    | RNZ Seven Western Bay Of Plenty Students Will Share $105,000 In Scholarship Funding ... 18/12/25 The Ātea A Rangi Educational Trust Launches Vaka Moana – A Graphic Novel Telling... 18/12/25 Open Letter To Education Minister From Otago Primary Principals' Association 17/12/25 More  RSS  Contact  About  ScoopPro  Scoop Contact About Submit News Newsagent Donate Connect Social Media Scoop Network Scoop Foundation Next Election NZ Complaints Policy Scoop Pro Licensed Orgs. About Scoop Pro Apply for a license Terms of Use © Scoop Media