Home Page - Scorecard Research English | Español | Nederlands | Svenska | Português do Brasil Norsk | 中文 | 日本語 | Italiano | Deutsch | Français | Suomi | Home About Preferences Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Principles Welcome ScorecardResearch, a service of Full Circle Studies, Inc. , is part of the Comscore, Inc. market research community, a leading global market research effort that studies and reports on Internet trends and behavior. ScorecardResearch conducts research by collecting Internet web browsing data and then uses that data to help show how people use the Internet, what they like about it, and what they don’t. ScorecardResearch collects data through from two main sources: surveys and web tagging. For our surveys, we invite people on the Internet to provide us with anonymous demographic and Internet usage information that we can use to refine our reporting. These surveys are always voluntary, and are never used to collect personal information. For web tagging, participating websites agree to deploy a special code throughout their sites. Again, no personally identifiable information is ever transmitted by, or linked to, the web tags. IMPORTANT NOTICE: Full Circle Studies, Inc. has updated our privacy policy and terms of service for our online websites, panels, and applications. In our privacy policy, we have updated how we collect, use and share data with our affiliates and unaffiliated third parties, and added information such as our participation in the EU-US Privacy Shield. In our terms of service, among other changes, we have updated the governing law and arbitration provisions. Please take time to read the full privacy policy and terms of service before proceeding. By continuing to use and participate in the Full Circle Studies, Inc. websites and panels, you agree to the updated privacy policy and terms of service. Learn more about ScorecardResearch and our market research programs. Your Privacy Choices © 2025 ScorecardResearch, All Rights Reserved