The Scottish Government - gov.scot Skip to main content Accessibility help Information We use cookies to collect anonymous data to help us improve your site browsing
                    experience. Click 'Accept all cookies' to agree to all cookies that collect anonymous data.
                    To only allow the cookies that make the site work, click 'Use essential cookies only.' Visit 'Set cookie preferences' to control specific cookies. Accept all cookies Use essential cookies only Set cookie preferences Your cookie preferences have been saved.

                        You can change your cookie settings at any time. Menu About Topics News Publications Statistics and research Consultations Blogs Search Search About Topics News Publications Statistics and research Consultations Blogs The Scottish Government A Fresh Start  with Independence Independence offers Scotland a fresh start, with the powers to raise living standards, grow the economy, and shape a fairer, more prosperous future. Cost of living support People in Scotland are being affected by the most severe economic crisis in a generation. Find out what help is available . Bank holidays Find out the dates of upcoming Scottish bank holidays . Publications Adult Social Care Displaced Worker Scheme Health and social care 01 January 2026 Flag flying on government buildings: 2026 Public sector 31 December 2025 First Minister's visit to London on 14th October 2025: FOI release Public sector Work and skills 31 December 2025 See all publications Consultations Onshore Electricity Generation: Consultation on increasing the threshold for applications under The Electricity Act Building, planning and design Energy 30 December 2025 A Scottish Government Consultation on Family Law Equality and rights Law and order Money and tax 29 December 2025 Consultation about changes to cohabitants' rights when their partner dies and leaves no will Easy Read version Equality and rights Law and order Money and tax 29 December 2025 See all consultations about The Scottish Government Topics Look for a policy using keywords or filtering by available topic areas. Keyword search Keyword Search Filter by topic Arts, culture and sport Brexit Building a new Scotland Building, planning and design Business, industry and innovation Children and families Communities and third sector Constitution and democracy Coronavirus (COVID-19) and other respiratory infections in Scotland Cost of living crisis Economy Education Energy Environment and climate change Equality and rights Farming and rural Health and social care Housing International Law and order Marine and fisheries Money and tax Programme for Government Public safety and emergencies Public sector Scottish Budget Transport Ukraine Work and skills Search policies See all topics News Get all the latest news from gov.scot Subscribe 30 December 2025 16:05 The King’s New Year Honours 2026 – Police, Fire and Ambulance Recipients of blue light service medals in Scotland. 29 December 2025 22:30 The King’s New Year’s Honours 2026 The King’s New Year’s Honours 2026 29 December 2025 16:16 Abolition of not proven verdict Historic justice reforms in New Year. See all news Statistics and research Wellbeing economy governments partnership: annual engagement report Research and analysis 30 December 2025 A fish counter network for monitoring Scottish salmon stocks Research and analysis 22 December 2025 Official statistics: forthcoming publications Statistics 19 December 2025 See all Statistics and research About government First Minister As head of the Scottish Government, the First Minister is responsible for the overall development, implementation and presentation of the administration's policies and for promoting and representing Scotland at home and overseas. Read more about the First Minister How government works The Scottish Government is made up of: 1 First Minister 11 Cabinet Secretaries 11 Other Ministers Thanks for your feedback Back to top Follow The Scottish Government Facebook X Flickr YouTube Instagram Accessibility Archive Contact Cookies Crown Copyright Jobs and vacancies Privacy All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except for graphic assets and where otherwise stated © Crown Copyright