Home | WOSM Skip to main content Main navigation Menu Who we are Scout Movement Scout Movement Scouting Education Scout Method Scout Promise and Law Scouting’s History Bronze Wolf Award Wood Badge World Organization About the Organization World Scout Centre World Scout Committee World Scout Bureau What we do Young People and Communities Environment Education Peace Diversity and Inclusion Humanitarian Action Member Organizations WOSM Services Global Support Assessment Tool Child and Youth Safety Treehouse Grants and Funding Partners Global Action Messengers of Peace Scouts for SDGs Advocacy Global Youth Mobilization World Scout Events World Scout Conference World Scout Jamboree World Scout Moot JOTA-JOTI World Scout Education Congress Where we work Scouting Worldwide Regions Africa Arab Asia-Pacific Europe Interamerica Get involved Act Now Join Scouting Donate to Scouting Submit your Project Partner with Us Volunteer Careers Donate now Treehouse Events Newsroom Shop English Français Español Arabic Log in Search Creating transformative learning experiences for young people, everywhere. Scout Movement Creating transformative learning experiences for young people, everywhere. Scout Movement Main navigation Menu Who we are Scout Movement Scout Movement Scouting Education Scout Method Scout Promise and Law Scouting’s History Bronze Wolf Award Wood Badge World Organization About the Organization World Scout Centre World Scout Committee World Scout Bureau What we do Young People and Communities Environment Education Peace Diversity and Inclusion Humanitarian Action Member Organizations WOSM Services Global Support Assessment Tool Child and Youth Safety Treehouse Grants and Funding Partners Global Action Messengers of Peace Scouts for SDGs Advocacy Global Youth Mobilization World Scout Events World Scout Conference World Scout Jamboree World Scout Moot JOTA-JOTI World Scout Education Congress Where we work Scouting Worldwide Regions Africa Arab Asia-Pacific Europe Interamerica Get involved Act Now Join Scouting Donate to Scouting Submit your Project Partner with Us Volunteer Careers Donate now Treehouse Events Newsroom Shop English Français Español Arabic Log in Search Creating transformative learning experiences for young people, everywhere. Scout Movement Creating transformative learning experiences for young people, everywhere. Scout Movement English English English Français Español Arabic Utility Treehouse Events Newsroom Shop Login Search Main navigation Scout Movement Scout Movement Scouting Education Scout Method Scout Promise and Law Scouting’s History Bronze Wolf Award Wood Badge World Organization About the Organization World Scout Centre World Scout Committee World Scout Bureau Young People and Communities Environment Education Peace Diversity and Inclusion Humanitarian Action Member Organizations WOSM Services Global Support Assessment Tool Child and Youth Safety Treehouse Grants and Funding Partners Global Action Messengers of Peace Scouts for SDGs Advocacy Global Youth Mobilization World Scout Events World Scout Conference World Scout Jamboree World Scout Moot JOTA-JOTI World Scout Education Congress Scouting Worldwide Regions Africa Arab Asia-Pacific Europe Interamerica Act Now Join Scouting Donate to Scouting Submit your Project Partner with Us Volunteer Careers 60 million+ Scouts and volunteers 176 National Scout Organizations 2.7 billion+ Hours of community service 16 million+ Service projects and actions Featured Stories Copyright Camilo Agudelo Read more Read more Copyright Nuno Perestrelo Read more Scouting is the world's leading educational youth Movement empowering 60 million young people and volunteers to be active global citizens and agents of change in their communities. Learn more Scouting is a global movement connected together through 176 National Scout Organizations that deliver quality Scouting programmes, events, and initiatives locally and nationally. Learn more We support the growth and development of Scouting worldwide to enable more young people and volunteers to experience Scouting’s life-changing educational offering. Learn more Copyright Kevin Cortés / World Scouting 28 December 2025 3 minutes 22 December 2025 2 minutes 20 December 2025 3 minutes 19 December 2025 3 minutes 17 December 2025 3 minutes Copyright Scouts of North Macedonia 16 December 2025 3 minutes What We Do Through our Messengers of Peace, Earth Tribe, and other initiatives, we mobilise millions of young people to learn about and take action for peace, equality and sustainable development. Messengers of Peace Scouts for SDGs World Scouting convenes some of the world’s largest youth events such as the Jamboree, Moot and JOTA-JOTI bring young people and volunteers together to learn new skills and experience different cultures. Learn more We support our membership of 176 National Scout Organizations provide quality Scouting to more young people through WOSM Services and other capacity-strengthening opportunities designed to fit their needs. Learn more Where We Work Scouting Worldwide Africa Region Arab Region Asia-Pacific Region European Region Interamerica Region Scouting Worldwide Scouting is active in nearly every country engaging more than 60 million young people and volunteers worldwide. World Scouting is the largest international organisation for Scouting and recognises over 176 National Scout Organizations as its members. Discover more Africa Region The Africa Scout Region comprises 42 member National Scout Organizations in Sub-Saharan Africa. Together, they support nearly 10 million young people across the region. Discover more Arab Region The Arab Scout Region is the regional focal point for National Scout Organizations in 19 Arab countries. Discover more Asia-Pacific Region With more than 37 million young people and over 220,000 adult volunteers registered in 24 countries, the Asia-Pacific Scout Region is the largest Scouting region by membership. Discover more European Region The European Scout Region supports over 2 million Scouts and volunteers in 40 National Scout Organizations and 68 National Scout Associations. Discover more Interamerica Region The Interamerica Scout Region supports 36 National Scout Organizations in Central, North, and South America. Over 3 million Scouts from across the region have joined the Movement. Discover more Scouting Worldwide Open Accordion Close Accordion Scouting Worldwide Scouting is active in nearly every country engaging more than 60 million young people and volunteers worldwide. World Scouting is the largest international organisation for Scouting and recognises over 176 National Scout Organizations as its members. Discover more Africa Region Open Accordion Close Accordion Africa Region The Africa Scout Region comprises 42 member National Scout Organizations in Sub-Saharan Africa. Together, they support nearly 10 million young people across the region. Discover more Arab Region Open Accordion Close Accordion Arab Region The Arab Scout Region is the regional focal point for National Scout Organizations in 19 Arab countries. Discover more Asia-Pacific Region Open Accordion Close Accordion Asia-Pacific Region With more than 37 million young people and over 220,000 adult volunteers registered in 24 countries, the Asia-Pacific Scout Region is the largest Scouting region by membership. Discover more European Region Open Accordion Close Accordion European Region The European Scout Region supports over 2 million Scouts and volunteers in 40 National Scout Organizations and 68 National Scout Associations. Discover more Interamerica Region Open Accordion Close Accordion Interamerica Region The Interamerica Scout Region supports 36 National Scout Organizations in Central, North, and South America. Over 3 million Scouts from across the region have joined the Movement. Discover more Donate to reach more young people and create a bigger impact around the world through Scouting Donate now Social media Follow our social media channels and stay updated with the latest from around the world Quick Links ​​Scout Movement ​​Learn more about the World Scout Movement and its impact in communities around the globe. Education Initiatives ​​See how Scouting’s educational initiatives are contributing to peace and sustainable development. WOSM Services ​​Discover a library of Scouting resources and access support for National Scout Organizations. ​​Donate to Scouting ​​Support the growth and development of Scouting worldwide by giving to the World Scout Foundation. Footer Complaints Contact Careers Privacy Child Online Protection Guidelines Cookies policy Help Status Get the newsletter