Local and national news, NPR, things to do, food recommendations and guides to Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire | LAist Last Member Drive of 2025! Your year-end tax-deductible gift powers our local newsroom. Help raise $1 million in essential funding for LAist by December 31. $960,927 of $1,000,000 goal Monthly One time $10 $15 $30 $120 $180 $360 Support Now The Brief News Criminal Justice Housing & Homelessness Civics & Democracy Transportation & Mobility Los Angeles Olympics 2028 Climate & Environment Gardening & Outdoors Health Education Food Explore LA Arts & Entertainment LA History Orange County News Criminal Justice Housing & Homelessness Civics & Democracy Transportation & Mobility Los Angeles Olympics 2028 Climate & Environment Gardening & Outdoors Health Education Food Explore LA Arts & Entertainment LA History Orange County News Shows and Podcasts All Shows AirTalk FilmWeek The LA Report Imperfect Paradise Podcasts LAist program schedule How to listen to LAist 89.3 All Shows AirTalk FilmWeek The LA Report Imperfect Paradise Podcasts LAist program schedule How to listen to LAist 89.3 Events Newsletters Support us Ways to support Become a sustainer Make a one-time gift Join the Leadership Circle Update your credit card Donate your vehicle Give from your donor-advised fund Make a gift of stock Make an IRA charitable donation Include LAist in your will Business membership program Member benefits Annual Gala Corporate sponsorship Ways to support Become a sustainer Make a one-time gift Join the Leadership Circle Update your credit card Donate your vehicle Give from your donor-advised fund Make a gift of stock Make an IRA charitable donation Include LAist in your will Business membership program Member benefits Annual Gala Corporate sponsorship About us What is LAist? Board of Trustees Leadership Staff LAist impact Jobs Contact us Public information What is LAist? Board of Trustees Leadership Staff LAist impact Jobs Contact us Public information Public information KPCC - Public Information KUOR - Public Information KVLA - Public Information KJAI - Public Information FCC Applications Public Notices Donate Audience-funded nonprofit news Listen Menu Next Up: 0:00 0:00 — See All Episodes Subscribe LAist Daily Radio Schedule Hey, LA listener! Download our app for the optimal streaming experience Listen Now Playing Listen The Brief Orange County Take our reader survey Shows & Schedule Events Newsletters IN BRIEF National Guard troops Trump to drop push for deployments in LA New CA laws What to know about new laws starting Jan. 1 Riverside punk exhibit It celebrates artists like the Voodoo Glow Skulls Bumpy snailfish? Meet 5 species discovered in 2025 Mt Baldy closed It comes after three hikers found dead Civics & Democracy Key new California laws you should know about in 2026 — from housing to AI regulation If you work in law enforcement or the health care field, new state laws will regulate what you can and can’t do with AI on the job. Climate & Environment You shared what made Altadena and Pacific Palisades special. LAist drew it L.A. residents from both communities shared their memories from before the Eaton and Palisades fires. LAist created hand-drawn illustrations to bring those memories to life. Arts & Entertainment New exhibit ‘60 Miles East’ celebrates Riverside’s underground punk scene It features behind-the-scenes photographs, DIY flyers and more. Live now Listen Now Playing Listen Next: Climate & Environment SoCal braces for one of the wettest New Year's Days on record. Here's how the storm is tracking Civics & Democracy Trump will drop push for National Guard deployments in LA, Chicago and Portland News California rolled back cannabis tax, but LA businesses say they're still struggling Climate & Environment Mount Baldy closed after 3 hikers found dead. Authorities warn of dangerous winter conditions Climate & Environment Ready to toss your Christmas Tree? Here’s how to recycle it in LA and OC Arts & Entertainment Best things to do this week in LA and SoCal Want these headlines in your inbox? The L.A. Report is your daily morning update on the biggest stories in the Los Angeles region. Subscribe Your guide to the 2026 Rose Parade What you need to know to make the most out of the 2026 Rose Parade — despite stormy weather Thousands of people will flock to Pasadena, with millions more tuning in on TV. Rose Parade marching bands brought the magic of teamwork to Pasadena You can hear the 2026 Rose Parade theme, “The Magic in Teamwork,” reflected in the music of its marching band ensembles. Rose Parade highlights: Themes, photos and grand marshals over the decades The roses! The fanfare! The beauty queens! And Kenny G playing saxophone on a float. Watchdog Wednesday SEE MORE Investors are buying close to half the empty lots in LA burn zones, report says A new report from the real estate listings platform Redfin finds about 44% of Altadena lots were sold to corporate buyers in recent months. Rep. Jimmy Gomez inspects ICE facility in LA during unannounced visit The U.S. representative from L.A. made an unannounced visit to downtown immigration detention center after a recent court ruling. OC Supervisors approved a 25% pay hike over the summer. New report says they undermined public trust The Orange County Grand Jury released its report, questioning how the supervisors approved their own pay bumps and calling for reforms. Local news needs you! With your gift to LAist, make a powerful statement to protect independent reporting. The loss of federal funding for public media means audience support is more important than ever. Become a monthly sustaining member or increase your current support to keep trusted local journalism strong. Monthly One time $10 $15 $30 $120 $180 $360 Support Now Watch OUR CHANNEL Just how much have street takeovers spun out of control in LA? Learn More DIY 'sparkle balls' light up Fullerton in December Learn More How to make ponche, a warm holiday drink tradition Learn More Why is Santa making fewer house calls this year? Learn More California's biggest 2025 housing changes, explained Learn More Altadena childcare providers' struggle to rebuild raises questions Learn More LAPD finally reports use of  crowd control weapons Learn More LA's 250-year-old grapevine is still making Angelica wine Learn More Sid the Cat’s new South Pasadena venue has big history Learn More A peek inside the space shuttle Endeavour’s new home Learn More Latest from the White House SEE MORE Follow the fast-moving developments under the Trump Administration . Trump’s immigration crackdown upended life in California. It continues as the new year begins President Donald Trump focused on California as he cracked down on unauthorized immigration, sent the National Guard to L.A. and carried out high profile raids. Judge orders Trump administration to continue to seek funding for the CFPB The order is the latest in a complex legal battle over the fate of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a watchdog agency. SoCal classrooms faced one battle after another in first year of Trump’s second term Federal funding cuts and immigration policy were two significant issues among many that local educators navigated in 2025. Sponsored message LA's wildfires: Your recovery guide A-Z guide: Housing, insurance, safety and more Your game plan for what happens next. LAist will be there every step of the way. Fire survivors can get free tickets to the Rose Parade. Here’s how State regulators cut utility companies' profits — but by less than proposed No home, drained savings, lost business — some Eaton Fire survivors look for lifelines Will California OK lower utility company profits? How a pending vote could affect your electric bill Sponsored message Upcoming events More Events Sun, Jan 4 Go Fact Yourself LIVE with Jay Mohr vs. Chase Masterson On January 4, actor, Chase Masterson (she/her) and actor and comedian Jay Mohr (he/him), plus other surprise guests and experts will join J. Keith and Helen for a trivia show like no other! Learn More Thu, Jan 15 Go Fact Yourself LIVE with Matt Walsh and Kali Reis On January 15, actor Matt Walsh (he/him) and professional boxer and actress Kali Reis (she/her), plus other surprise guests and experts will join J. Keith and Helen for a trivia show like no other! Learn More Thu, Feb 19 The Story Collider LIVE: True, Personal Stories About Science Join us for a night of hilarious, heartbreaking, and heartwarming stories about science. Learn More Sat, Mar 7 AirTalk’s FilmWeek Oscar Preview We’re gearing up for our annual FilmWeek Oscar Preview. AirTalk host Larry Mantle and the FilmWeek critics will take us through the major races and rundown the likely winners. Learn More Civics & Democracy SEE MORE LA shoppers could see a new sales tax to help fund the city’s fire department A petition asks L.A. city voters to put the sales tax initiative on next year’s November ballot. Newsom’s 2025: Wildfire crisis, budget cuts and bombastic opposition to Trump Gavin Newsom's year included the aftermath of the L.A. fires, budget cuts, Trump battles and a Prop 50 win. What's next for California's governor in his final year? California’s budget outlook is grim. Here’s what you need to know Spoiler alert: California’s deficit grows, uncertainty looms, and state leaders may have fewer options than before to tackle it. Education SEE MORE Even more Cal State campuses will automatically admit eligible students under a new state law A pilot program was launched last year to attract more students to the CSU system, steering some to campuses that have been struggling with enrollment declines. 11 new laws that will affect California schools in 2026 California students will see fewer cellphones and more gender-neutral bathrooms, as well as other new laws taking effect in the new year. A year after LA community colleges gave hundreds of students $1,000 a month, how are they faring? L.A. Community College District launched a guaranteed basic income program in 2024. LAist checked in to see how students are doing and what they’re planning for the future. Sponsored message Featured Show Imperfect Paradise LAist's weekly on-demand news magazine show that pulls back the curtain and dives deeper into the biggest and most consequential SoCal stories of the week from our newsroom. New episodes drop every Friday. Listen 36:14 Apple Spotify This episode originally aired on March 12, 2025. Hollywood taught us to be afraid of a super powerful artificial intelligence that will one day conquer humanity. So not surprisingly, many screenwriters and actors are very skeptical of AI, and concerns about AI were central to the Hollywood labor strikes in 2023. But animators may actually be the most at risk of losing their jobs to AI. In this episode, we’ll talk about why the first AI generated movies you will see will likely be animated, and what it means for the people who make them, and for everyone else in Hollywood. How AI became a Hollywood villain – especially for animators (Redux) Subscribe Apple Spotify All news topics Orange County News Housing & Homelessness Climate & Environment Arts & Entertainment Food Civics & Democracy Education Criminal Justice Explore LA Transportation & Mobility Health LA History Gardening & Outdoors Los Angeles Olympics 2028 World Cup 2026 LAist is an independent, nonprofit newsroom that is also home to L.A.’s largest NPR station broadcasting at 89.3 FM. We center our coverage around people and communities, not institutions or policies. We hold power to account. We are unapologetically L.A. Keep up with our local independent news The L.A. Report newsletter is your daily morning update on the biggest stories in the Los Angeles region. Subscribe instagram @laistofficial tiktok @laistofficial youtube @LAistOfficial bluesky @laist.com threads @laistofficial facebook laistofficial About LAist Editorial Staff Careers Sponsorship Newsletters Contact Us Support Us Ethics & Guidelines Public Information © 2026 Southern California Public Radio - All Rights Reserved Terms of Service Privacy Policy