University of Scranton | Home Apply Apply: Undergraduate Apply: Graduate Give to Scranton Contact My.Scranton Search desktop About Us Scranton is a private Catholic and Jesuit institution that delivers a transformative education, grounded in the liberal arts. About Us - Overview Office of the President Facts About Scranton Outcomes & National Recognition Our Location Value of a Scranton Education Mission Strategic Plan Community Relations Campus Health and Safety Scranton is a private Catholic and Jesuit institution that delivers a transformative education, grounded in the liberal arts. Academics At The University of Scranton, our rigorous, in-depth education provides the field-specific knowledge and competencies needed for professional success. Academics - Overview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs: All Graduate Programs Online Graduate Programs Colleges & Departments Graduate Education Academic Calendars Catalogs Registrar OSSS Office of the Provost Weinberg Memorial Library Pre-Med / Pre-Health At The University of Scranton, our rigorous, in-depth education provides the field-specific knowledge and competencies needed for professional success. Admissions Become a Royal! Scranton offers the perfect combination of academic environment, social experience, and personal support our students need to build successful lives and careers. Undergraduate Admissions Transfer Students International Students Financial Aid Connect With Us Schedule a Visit Apply to Scranton Graduate Admissions International Students Financial Aid Request Information Schedule a Visit Apply to Scranton Become a Royal! Scranton offers the perfect combination of academic environment, social experience, and personal support our students need to build successful lives and careers. Student Life Student Life is vibrant and varied, from ministries-based programs and leadership initiatives to student-run activities, clubs and organizations. Student Life - Overview Residence Life Clubs & Organizations Career Development Campus Ministry Center for Service & Social Justice Student Life is vibrant and varied, from ministries-based programs and leadership initiatives to student-run activities, clubs and organizations. Current Students Alumni With more than 51,000 Scranton graduates out there, connecting with fellow alumni couldn't be easier, and we're here to help! Alumni - Overview University Advancement Make a Gift Calendar of Events Alumni Board Networking Opportunities Career Development Reunion Weekend Scranton Journal With more than 51,000 Scranton graduates out there, connecting with fellow alumni couldn't be easier, and we're here to help! Athletics Athletics Recreation and Intramurals Undergraduate Graduate Give to Scranton Contacts My.Scranton Search A campus students love Apply to Scranton today! Learn more A campus students love Apply today! Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs About Us Uncommonly Us Inspired by our Catholic and Jesuit mission, this is where uncommon care leads to uncommon excellence. Where "Best of" is our norm. We are called the Royals but have no need for crowns because everyone's individuality is equally valued. It's what we have in common that makes US so un common. Our Mission Our Location Facts About Scranton National Recognition An Outstanding Value Academics Uncommon Opportunity What path will you take? Uncommon Opportunity What path will you take? Colleges & Departments Catalogs Academic Calendar Graduate Education Registrar Weinberg Memorial Library Undergraduate Students Choose from 70 bachelor's degree programs, 47 minors and concentrations in our three undergraduate colleges. Take the next step: Request Info Visit Apply Net Price Calculator Get More Info: Admissions Undergraduate Programs Catalogs Financial Aid International Students Apply today! Ready to study what you love and love where you study? Apply to Scranton today! Graduate Students Our 40+ master's degree & doctoral programs will challenge the way you look at the world and help transform your life. Take the next step: Request Info Visit Apply Get More Info: Admissions Graduate Programs Catalogs Financial Aid International Students Apply today! Start your graduate journey at The University of Scranton with an easy, three-step application and no application fee. Student Life Connection & Belonging Named among the friendliest and healthiest universities, with dining and residence halls ranked among the best in the nation, no matter where you’re from, there’s a feeling of belonging and comfort here. Residence Life Dining Clubs & Orgs Athletics Campus Ministry Service Opportunities Virtual Campus Tour Video Library Now Playing Uncommonly Us While we come from different backgrounds, it's what we have in common that makes the University of Scranton so uncommon. Why Scranton? Let our students tell you why they chose Scranton and why you should too! Guided Campus Tour Join our student ambassadors as they take you on a tour of our beautiful 58-acre campus. Graduate Education at Scranton A graduate degree from The University of Scranton is a chance to take your career—and your life—to the next level. All Videos Robert S. and Marilyn A. Weiss Hall The nearly 90,000 square-foot center for workforce development, applied research and outreach, located on the 300 block of Madison Avenue, was dedicated Sept. 3, 2025. The four-story building includes state-of-the-art specialized laboratories, training and education spaces and will be home to two academic departments, student health and wellness. News and Events Editor's Picks All News Alumni News December 15, 2025 University Community Rallies for Gift Drive The Gifts for Kids program distributes hundreds of toys and items to local families. December 02, 2025 University Releases 2025 Royal Ornament Order this second entry in the Royal Ornament Collection featuring the Weinberg Memorial Library today. December 10, 2025 Staff Senate Christmas Luncheon an Opportunity for Gratitude and Mindfulness Staff Senate collected items in support of the Royal Restore Food Pantry. Raffle and 50/50 proceeds will benefit the University's Domestic Service Trip Program through the Center for Service and Social Justice (CSSJ). December 05, 2025 Scranton Accounting Ph.D. Program Earns No. 1 Worldwide Research Ranking University of Scranton Ph.D. students, graduates and faculty members are both prolific and influential in their research, the Brigham Young University Accounting Research Ranking found. December 08, 2025 University of Scranton Students Honor High School Teachers With Kelly Awards Three high school teachers were recognized for the roles they’ve played in Scranton students’ academic success. All News Alumni News Upcoming Events All Events Fri, 06 Feb 2026 Art Gallery Lecture - Depictions of the Anthracite Coal Industry in Prints of the 1930s Fri, 10 Apr 2026 Art Gallery Lecture - Pennsylvania Art Educators Association Northeast Juried Exhibition Sun, 24 May 2026 2026 Spring Undergrad and Graduate Commencement All Events 800 Linden Street Scranton, PA 18510-4699 (570) 941-7400 Campus Contacts Consumer Information Disclaimer Jobs Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Policy Site Map Title IX Coordinator Digital Accessibility CONNECT WITH US 1-888-SCRANTON © 2025 University of Scranton Scroll to Top