ScreenPal | Screen Recorder and Video Editor Create Create Capture Screenshot Record Screen / Cam Edit Image Edit Video Generate AI Video Storyboard Upload Content Create Quiz Sign Up Log In Create Create Capture Screenshot Record Screen / Cam Edit Image Edit Video Generate AI Video Storyboard Upload Content Create Quiz Sign Up Toggle navigation Log In Sign Up, It's Free Product Screen recorder Record your screen for free. Video editor Easily edit your videos for free. Video & Image Hosting Share & protect your content with our content management platform. Screenshots Instantly capture and annotate your screen. Image editor Edit screenshots & imported images within minutes. Video quizzing Engage with your audience through quiz questions, ratings, and polls. Stories Streamline video creation with storyboards and scripts. Stock Library Explore videos, images and music. Analytics Understand your audience with advanced video analytics. View all tools View all integrations View all AI features Education Teachers Bring lessons to life through videos and images. Teaching Resources Certifications, webinars, and ideas for educators. Schools & Districts Create and collaborate across your schools. Integrations Integrate with your top tools and learning management platforms (LMS). Higher Ed Guide and empower future generations. Education Pricing Empowering students and teachers to collaborate at a discounted price. Business Business Solutions Sales Training Marketing Customer Support Product See all business solutions Business Resources Certifications, webinars, tips, and insights. Integrations Integrate with your everyday tools and your team's workflow. Pricing Collaboration tools, stock photography, branded player, and more. Product Education Business Resources Pricing Contact Sales Resources Blog Read our latest articles on video creation and sharing. Tutorials & Training We'll walk you through our product features and share tips & tricks. What's new Stay updated with the latest features and releases. Help center Search our support articles, frequently asked questions, or reach out for help. Earn a Badge Pricing Contact Sales Main Menu Log In Sign Up, It's Free Education Teacher Bring lessons to life through videos and images. School & Districts Create and collaborate across your schools. Higher Ed Guide and empower future generations. Teaching Resources Certifications, webinars, and ideas for educators. Integrations Integrate with your top tools and learning management platforms (LMS). Main Menu Log In Sign Up, It's Free Business Sales Training Marketing Customer Support Product See all business solutions Business Resources Integrations Pricing Main Menu Log In Sign Up, It's Free Product Screen recorder Record your screen for free. Screenshots Instantly capture and annotate your screen. Stories Streamline video creation with storyboards and scripts. Video editor Edit with our intuitive video editor. Image Editor Edit screenshots & uploaded images within minutes. Stock Library Explore videos, images and music. Video & Image Hosting Share & protect your videos and image with our content management platform. Video quizzing Engage with your audience through quiz questions, ratings, and polls. Analytics Understand your audience with advanced video analytics. View all tools The all-in-one video creation and sharing platform. View all integrations Integrate with your favorite tools and use video to communicate. View all AI features Use AI tools. Main Menu Log In Sign Up, It's Free Resources Blog Read our latest articles on video creation and sharing. Tutorials & Training We'll walk you through our product features and share tips & tricks. Help center Search our support articles, frequently asked questions, or reach out for help. What's new Stay Updated with the latest features and releases. Badge certification Become a ScreenPal certified educator. Keep your content real. Let AI do the rest. ScreenPal’s AI-enhanced video tools help you simplify video creation and amplify your message. We help you share your expertise, not replace it. Download ScreenPal for free See how ScreenPal works Download ScreenPal for free Get started for free Windows, Mac / iOS, Android, and Chromebook   |  No account required Everything you need to share knowledge through video Capture your content, your way Record any part of your screen, webcam, or both with easy annotations and AI enhancements. Record your screen Edit and polish when it matters Trim & cut, add text, and enhance your video with overlays and music—no editing experience needed. Edit videos Delegate the manual work to AI Auto-generate video transcripts, captions, chapters, and summaries in minutes—fully editable by you. Explore AI video tools Engage with interactive video Capture feedback, assess learning, and turn views into actions with interactive buttons & quizzes. Add interactivity Reach a global audience Translate your videos into 100+ languages with AI-generated voiceovers and multilingual captions. Translate videos with AI Share and scale team knowledge Host videos in the cloud, embed them anywhere, and make videos searchable across your team. Host videos securely Used, trusted, loved . 190 countries 200,000,000+ Videos captured (& counting) 98/100 universities in the US Overall rating 4.6 out of 5 based on 4,516 reviews Powerful features for easy video creation Screen & webcam recording Easy video editing Secure video hosting Add interactive elements Create on any device Share with a link Embed videos anywhere Track video analytics AI background removal AI speech-to-text captions AI text-to-speech voiceovers AI video translation Screen & webcam recording Easy video editing Secure video hosting Add interactivity Create on any device Share with a link Embed videos Track video analytics AI background removal AI speech-to-text AI text-to-speech AI video translation Download ScreenPal for free Video creation for everyone See how ScreenPal empowers creators and teams of any size to capture ideas, share knowledge, and assess learning with intuitive video creation and hosting. Education Educators and students turn to ScreenPal for easy communication. Videos are used in the classroom for flipped/blended learning, Video Messaging, student assignments, feedback and more! Video for the classroom Business We offer teams video creation solutions for faster, clearer communication. Videos for coaching, marketing, demos, training and more. Quickly create videos, manage content and collaborate with your team. Video to get the job done Development ScreenPal provides an E2E screen recording solution for developers. Solution Builder can be used for a simple integration into an existing workflow or for application providers who require full functionality with tight integration. Explore the API See why brands, educators, and creators love ScreenPal A catalyst for active learning and collaboration ScreenPal’s user-friendly interface and seamless integration into our existing teaching methods made it an obvious choice. From day one, it was clear that ScreenPal was not just another tech tool; it was a catalyst for active learning and collaboration. Jessica Mays Technology Integration and Innovation Coordinator, Arlington ISD Frees up my time With ScreenPal I’ve been able to extend my expertise and automate some of my more routine tasks by creating high-quality video content and feedback, which then frees up my time for more personalized mentorship. Martin Mehl Cal Poly University Professor and founder and CEO of Mentorship Academy Consistent, branded look and feel We use ScreenPal internally to create and manage all of the videos we share with educators. ScreenPal makes it easy to create videos with a consistent, branded look and feel, and then to share all of those videos from a central repository. Robert Barnett Chief Program Officer, The Modern Classrooms Project One account works across every device. Capture and edit on any device, manage your content securely in the cloud, and share with confidence. Sign up, it's free! © 2025 ScreenPal® | Accessibility | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy We use cookies to optimize the experience on our website.
                By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
                You can learn more in our Privacy Policy.