When you visit our website, we and certain third parties will use cookies to improve your user and browsing experience, personalize content and ads, and to analyze our traffic. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand how we use your data and to update your preferences, or use the nearby Cookie Settings option. Use of our website represents your consent to the use of cookies and acceptance of our Terms of Service.

Cookies settings
Accept
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Login
Get Demo
Free Trial
The Smart, Simple Digital Signage Solution

The leading digital signage software makes it easy to create great screen content. From TVs and monitors to tablets and kiosks. Connect and communicate with ScreenCloud.

Free Trial
Get Demo
Super Powered Digital Signage
Become the hero your company needs

Check out our latest campaign and find out how IT Hero saved his company and colleagues from headache using ScreenCloud!

Free Trial
Get Demo
	
	
	
	
Global leaders in Digital Signage
10,000 +

Organizations

136+

Countries

100+

Apps & Integrations

24/5

Support

Plug & Play
Get started with your digital signage in 3 simple steps...
1
Hardware

We've made sure our player fits in everywhere. Whether you're using a smart TV, media player or our favourite, ScreenCloud OS. Studio will work for your digital signage need.

2
Software

On your hardware, search for ScreenCloud Digital Signage Player and click install. Our app is available to download on Amazon, Android and Chrome devices.

3
Screen Pairing

Once you’ve got your Player app installed and running, you’ll be given a 6-character pairing code. Enter this in your studio account to pair your screen.

Get Started
Tailored solutions that fit your industry

Manufacturing

Logistics & Transportation

Education

Food & Beverages

Retail

Hospitality

Show More Industries 
Real stories, real results
Steve Mann
IT Director

“We chose ScreenCloud for its ease of use, strong security, and simple deployment. Since then, we've rolled out 150+ devices, delivering corporate and local content more efficiently.”

Rebecca Puett
Executive Administrative Assistant

“My favorite ScreenCloud feature is creating layout zones, letting me add engaging content like time, birthdays, and news on one screen.”

Dave Rogers
Senior Information Technology Officer

“ScreenCloud is used to help monitor our performance, It’s helped to enhance the interaction with our operators. Now we can see how we are performing against the targets that we are set”

Chris Martin
Senior Information Technology Officer

“ScreenCloud is incredibly easy to implement. We used a small configuration file on the device, enabling quick, scalable deployment. At the store level, setup is simple: just plug in an HDMI cable and power the device—no technical expertise needed.”

Audrey Price
Employee Relations Specialist

“ScreenCloud is used to help monitor our performance, It’s helped to enhance the interaction with our operators. Now we can see how we are performing against the targets that we are set”

Abigail Eaton
Chief Operations Officer

“The whole journey with ScreenCloud has been super positive. It’s been fun, ScreenCloud made us really think about what to say to our clients in order to build a community. Our screens are a culmination of our ideas and those brought to the table from ScreenCloud. So it really was a collaboration.”

Andrew Ferguson
Director

“Our screens are completely controlled by ScreenCloud. Traditionally, people want to run big cables into their screens. With ScreenCloud we just put an IP network in, plug in ScreenCloud OS, and then all of our screens are synchronized, connected, separated. Whenever or wherever we want to change that content, we can do it.”

Raymond Westerveld
Global Workplace Solution Analyst

“We were dealing with legacy systems—nine different signage solutions in total. Many of these screens displayed outdated information because updating them was too complicated for users. That’s where ScreenCloud really stepped up to the plate to deliver, simplicity and easy access for people to update any type of content.”

Unlock limitless possibilities with 100s of integrations

RSS

Weather

News

YouTube

Canvas

Dashboards

MS Teams

Instagram

Facebook

Google Reviews

Discover all our integrations
Free Trial
Get Demo
Hardware that grows with your business
ScreenCloud
OS
A powerful, easy to use, plug-&-play device to remotely manage screens
We are also compatible with
See Hardware

© ScreenCloud

Terms and Privacy

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Service Level Agreement
Data Processing Addendum
Code of Conduct
Trust Center

Partnerships

Partners
Developers
Microsoft Partnership
ChromeOS Partnership

Support

Help Center
Guides
Training Tutorials
FAQs
Contact

Company

About
Customer Reviews
Product Updates
Careers
Pay with: