FAQ About us  Log in  Search
Plagiarism  Proofreading  Citing  AI Writing  Learn
Upload
Presenting...
Your path to academic success

Improve your paper with our award-winning Proofreading Services, Plagiarism Checker, Citation Generator, AI Detector & Knowledge Base.

Proofreading & Editing

Get expert help from Scribbr’s academic editors, who will proofread and edit your essay, paper, or dissertation to perfection.

Proofreading Services
Plagiarism Checker

Detect and resolve unintentional plagiarism with the Scribbr Plagiarism Checker, so you can submit your paper with confidence.

Plagiarism Checker
Citation Generator

Generate accurate citations with Scribbr’s free citation generator and save hours of repetitive work.

Citation Generator
Our dream team
Happy to help you

You’re not alone. Together with our team and highly qualified editors, we help you answer all your questions about academic writing.

Open 24/7 – 365 days a year. Always available to help you.

Meet the team
Very satisfied students

This is our reason for working. We want to make all students happy, every day.

What students write about us
Trustpilot
Scribbr Knowledge Base
Everything you need to write an A-grade paper

Free resources used by 5,000,000 students every month.

Videos

Bite-sized videos that guide you through the writing process. Get the popcorn, sit back, and learn!

Lecture slides

Ready-made slides for teachers and professors that want to kickstart their lectures.

Hot topics
Academic writing
Plagiarism
Citing sources
APA Style
Methodology
Research process
Statistics
Dissertation structure
Language rules
Articles

Accessible how-to guides full of examples that help you write a flawless essay, proposal, or dissertation.

Chrome extension

Cite any page or article with a single click right from your browser.

Templates

Time-saving templates that you can download and edit in Word or Google Docs.

Our mission?
Help you achieve your academic goals

Whether we’re proofreading and editing, checking for plagiarism or AI content, generating citations, or writing useful Knowledge Base articles, our aim is to support students on their journey to become better academic writers.

We believe that every student should have the right tools for academic success. Free tools like a paraphrasing tool, AI Humanizer, grammar checker, summarizer and an AI Proofreader. We pave the way to your academic degree.

Questions?
Frequently asked questions
See all
How does Scribbr help students graduate?
What type of documents does Scribbr proofread?
What plagiarism and AI detection software does Scribbr use?
Which citation software does Scribbr use?
Scribbr
Our editors
Jobs
Partners
FAQ
Copyright, Community Guidelines, DSA & other Legal Resources
Our services
Plagiarism Checker
AI Proofreader
AI Humanizer
Spell Checker
Essay Checker
Paragraph Rewriter
Sentence Rewriter
Rewording Tool
Chat PDF
Contact
 
 
Trustpilot
Privacy Policy Cookie preferences Happiness guarantee Terms of Use