SCS Software - Simulation games development since 1997 About Us Projects Technology Community Career Otevřené pozice Soutěž pro 3D grafiky Stáže pro programátory Benefity Blog Home About Us Projects Technology Community Career Stáže pro programátory Soutěž pro 3D grafiky Benefity Blog Creative Enthusiasts From experienced veterans to fresh hires, you can always be sure that our company is full of forward-thinking and motivated people. Unique Technology In-house solutions and technologies are our biggest pride. We strive to be as independent as we possibly can and the only limitation is our imagination. Great Community Many claim they have the best community, but they probably haven't met ours yet: extremely friendly and involved. We couldn't ask for a better audience. Latest Projects View all projects Social Networks 1.6M Facebook fans 261k Followers 163k Followers 2k Followers 446k Subscribers 67k Followers 161k Forum members 63k+ Players online View all social activities Creating the real simulator Romana Haltufová When I applied for a position at SCS, I liked that it is a strong expanding company with a long-standing tradition and, moreover, an interesting product that brings fun to people's lives and, to a certain extent, knowledge. I quickly fell into the pleasant local corporate culture and began to discover values ​​that I did not even imagine that a job, no matter how dreamy, could even offer. I met absolutely incredible people here, whom I respect, inspire me and it is a joy to be among them. Ondřej Matějka In the same way you call Ghostbusters to get you rid of ghosts, we call Ondřej when we want to hear the grass grow. He's a one-man audio army that provides our projects with the most suitable sound atmosphere and  the quality they deserve. Ondřej is a seasoned professional and has worked on many big projects across a number of different movies, games and other forms of media in the role of a sound expert or a music composer. Štěpán Sedláček Štěpán can be called the architect of our European in-game world. He has been the world designers' team leader since the main project of Euro Truck Simulator 2 and for every map expansion since. He's a loving father and husband, he likes reading books, gaming, music and  loves to recharge his batteries during numerous outdoor trips. His passion for our games and attention  even to the smallest detail is an inspiration for his colleagues. Join the team Technology with passion Virtual Reality Taking on projects such as ours puts us under a lot of pressure to recreate reality in the highest level of detail possible - the truck physics, proper artificial intelligence for traffic flows, focusing on the nitty-gritty details of country-specific traffic laws or staying true to real-life sceneries and landmarks. We strive to check all these boxes and bring to our fans the best possible representation of real life. We do so by constantly upgrading our  technology and know-how, and even by working on niche projects such as the support for Virtual Reality headsets. None of these would be possible to such an extent without our own in-house technological solutions. Prism like no other We continue to push the boundaries through our dedication to creating and continuously improving our own independent 3D game engine called Prism3D. Built from scratch and tailored to our very needs, its each and every part can be customized just as our heart desires. We devise custom solutions to our unique challenges. Flexibility and adaptability are paramount to us; our Prism3D engine and its games are available on all kinds of different operating systems. Our open approach to game modding has encouraged the creation of amazing assets and keeps our avid fans busy with experimenting and tinkering with our asset-creation toolchain. More about our technology (Prism3D) Community to co-create To know the audience We aspire to stay very close to our fans and friends in all communication channels. We have more than one case when a fan not only became our friend, but also a colleague and joined us at our office! We know our audience and what it wants and we try our best to provide them with what they want. Voice to hear out Our fans are very vocal and are not afraid to state what they think of our recent changes and additions. We can collect enough feedback almost immediately to see if our steps were in the right direction or if we should try and adjust our developments. We are incredibly thankful for such a big and loud community! Truckers family The trucker community is incredibly tight and dedicated to their big rig passion. With the help of real-life trucking veterans from both USA and Europe, we are able to ask for feedback from people who have spent more time behind the wheel than we could ever achieve! We value our greatest contributors and are very happy to have such a tight connection with them. James Walker Very pleased… Thank you SCS! I'm actually starting to use contracts now they're available in Scandinavia and the physics improvements are very welcome, not to mention Arizona/hardware coupling… Thank you! Grant Swanson I just wanted to give a thank you for making ATS a great game. The details in the current states look very impressive. I am very pleased with the game. You guys are doing a great job and there are many who support your hard work! Dustin Kochara Your Trucking Simulators have been a huge inspiration in my Career choice. It´s funny though, all my instructors I drove with said I was the best driver they have seen in a while, I was able to do the 90-degree backing in one shot on multiple occasions, even though I have never even been inside a Truck before in my life. Previous Next Contact SCS Software s.r.o. Tomíčkova 2427/2 148 00 Prague 4 Czech Republic +420 226 200 739 General questions: info@scssoft.com Job opportunities: jobs@scssoft.com Contact webmaster: webmaster@scssoft.com Newsletter Sign-Up This form requires JavaScript. Phone * Your e-mail * Your name Choose what to do * I want to unsubscribe Comment * Accept cookies for sign up to newsletter. Date Your e-mail * Your name Password * Choose what to do * I want to subscribe I have read and understood the Privacy Policy * I want to unsubscribe New email * Latest Projects Social Networks About Us Projects Technology Community Career Blog Press Privacy Whistleblowing Cookie Settings Press Privacy Whistleblowing Cookie Settings Copyright © 1996 – 2025 SCS Software s.r.o. All brand names, trademarks, registered marks, logos, and symbols on vehicles in the game are property of their rightful owners. Used with kind permission. Freightliner® is a trademark of Daimler Trucks North America LLC and is used under license to SCS Software s.r.o. International® and all International Truck trademarks are trademarks licensed by INTERNATIONAL TRUCK INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COMPANY, LLC. The MACK trademarks and designs are registered rights of the AB Volvo Group and are used pursuant to a license. The MAN® trademarks and designs are registered rights of MAN Truck & Bus AG and are used under license to SCS Software s.r.o. "Mercedes-Benz" and "Three pointed star in a ring" are trademarks of Daimler AG and used under license by SCS Software s.r.o. The RENAULT trademarks and designs are registered rights of or licensed to the AB Volvo Group and are used pursuant to a license. The VOLVO trademarks (word and device), other related trademarks, if applicable, and the Volvo designs are licensed by the AB Volvo Group. Western Star is a trademark of Daimler Trucks North America LLC and is used under license to SCS Software s.r.o.