Learning Drives Us Forward | South Dakota Board of Regents Skip to content Search for: News & Events Contact Directory FAQs Policy About Search for: Toggle Navigation The Board Members Meeting Information Departments Initiatives Fast Track Admission On-Campus Living Our Dakota Dreams Strategic Plan Our Schools Students & Educators Enrollment Services Cost & Aid Student Resources Educator Resources SD Student Federation Research & Reports Dashboards and Research EPSCoR Publications Financial Reports Export Controls Homepage ml-admin 2025-11-10T12:10:59-06:00 Learning Drives Us Forward Before We Lead, We Learn At the South Dakota Board of Regents, our job is to advance the state of South Dakota through teaching, research, and a dedication to service. Our system is made up of eight institutions , including six public universities and two schools serving special K-12 populations: the deaf and the visually impaired. Learn The Story Choose Your School Not only do our universities help shape the state’s economy, but they also help shape its future by developing the next generation of South Dakota’s leaders. If you have a career goal—whether it be in agriculture, business, cyber security, health science, law, or engineering—a state university has a program to get you there. South Dakota Board of Regents Names Dr. Alan LaFave as Next President of Northern State University The South Dakota Board of Regents is pleased to announce the appointment of Alan D. LaFave, D.M.A., as the next President of Northern State University (NSU) in Aberdeen, beginning this January. Dr. LaFave returns to his alma mater and longtime institution after seven years as President of Valley City State University (VCSU) in North Dakota, during which he oversaw a time of growth, progress, and strategic collaborations. Prior to his presidency at VCSU, he spent nearly three decades at Northern State University, from Instructor to Professor of Music, Department Chair, Associate Dean, Dean of the School of Fine Arts, and Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs. Click to read the full release 0 Students Served Annually 0 Jobs Generated Annually $ 0 Billion Annual Economic Impact Your Journey Starts Here. The freedom offered by South Dakota’s public universities goes far beyond academics. It’s about more than just hitting the books – it’s about the freedom to grow, explore new horizons, and embrace opportunities that may not have been possible anywhere else. In South Dakota, students have the autonomy to shape their own futures. Take advantage of this opportunity to invest in your future without compromising on quality. When you choose South Dakota, you choose to embark on your life’s journey of academic excellence and financial independence. Thanks to virtually flat tuition rates for the past five years, students and their families can plan for higher education with greater financial certainty. In fact, this year’s graduating class is paying the same price per credit hour as they were in their first year, based on a four-year graduation plan. With stable tuition rates, students can focus on their future without the added pressure of rising costs, allowing them to graduate with less debt and more opportunities. Learn about the South Dakota Advantage Upcoming Events See All Events BOR Employee Portal BOR Outlook Exchange Mail Internal Archive Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy BOR Employee Portal BOR Outlook Exchange Mail Internal Archive Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy South Dakota Board of Regents 306 E. Capitol Avenue Suite 200 Pierre, SD 57501 605 773 3455 Page load link Search for: Toggle Navigation The Board Members Meeting Information Departments Initiatives Fast Track Admission On-Campus Living Our Dakota Dreams Strategic Plan Our Schools Students & Educators Enrollment Services Cost & Aid Student Resources Educator Resources SD Student Federation Research & Reports Dashboards and Research EPSCoR Publications Financial Reports Export Controls Search for: Toggle Navigation News & Events Contact Directory FAQs Policy About Search for: Go to Top