South Dakota State University Homepage | South Dakota State University Skip to main content Apply Visit Directories Degree Finder Faculty and Staff Office Directory Event Calendar Campus Map SDSTATE Search Visit Degree Finder Campus Map SDSTATE Search Filter by Topic Blog Event News Profile Program Close Search Box Main Navigation About About Us News Awards and Rankings University Facts Consumer Information Accreditation Academics Colleges and Departments/Schools General Education Academic Calendar Academic Catalog Graduate School Honors College Library Admissions Undergraduate Transfer Graduate Dual Credit International Paying for College Student Life Housing and Dining University Wellbeing Parents and Families Research Community Attractions Camps and Conferences Family Weekend SDState Experience Event Calendar Search Apply Today SDSTATE South Dakota State University Homepage This video has no sound. Pause Apply Plan Your Visit Admissions Request Info Find Your Degree! Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Garden Glow Stroll through an outdoor wonderland of lights, images and scenes of the holidays at the annual McCrory Gardens Garden Glow. Dec. 6, 2025–Jan. 6, 2026 Closed Dec. 24 and 25 and Jan. 1 Open nightly from 5–9 p.m. Last admission nightly at 8:30 p.m. Ticket Information Student Life Expand your views on the world by meeting fellow students from all walks of life Find your niche and get involved with student activities and programs that fulfill your personal interests. Student Clubs and Organizations Get your fitness fix through walking, individual workouts or intramural sports in the Miller Wellness Center. Miller Wellness Center Let your creative juices flow. Opportunities in the arts are open to all students. Performing Arts Opportunities Stay informed with a list of important academic fall, spring and summer dates. Academic Calendar Explore Student Life I talked to a lot of different schools, and no one gave me as many opportunities as this school could give me… Skye Brugler , plant science student Meet Our Jacks Visit Us Come Meet Your Future Meet the people who will help shape your future and define your college experience! Learn more about your academic interests with some of our world-class faculty. Apply Today Plan Your Visit #GreaterSDState This is SDState South Dakota State University is a premier land-grant university that stays true to its mission — serving our state with heart, purpose and lasting impact — providing the benefits of higher education to those who seek it. Check out SDState's impact Campus and Community SDSU’s premier academic programs and campus, alongside the vibrant Brookings community, rank among the nation’s best. Awards and Rankings Read the latest university news and headlines from across campus. News There is always something going on at SDState. Check out the many events happening on campus. Events The Wokini Initiative Supporting American Indian student success The Wokini Initiative is SDSU’s collaborative and holistic framework to support American Indian student success and Indigenous nation-building. Wokini Initiative American Indian Student Center Student Success Wintrode Student Success and Opportunity Center The Wintrode Student Success and Opportunity Center embraces SDSU’s land-grant mission by supporting educational access for all students. Wintrode Student Success and Opportunity Center Resources More Resources Prospective Students Common Resources Degree Explorer Cost Estimate Scholarships Campus Tour Brookings Community Apply Apply to SDState Apply for Financial Aid Apply for Housing Current Students Common Resources Academic Calendar Event Calendar Residential Life Student Clubs and Organizations Brookings Community Quick Links MyState D2L Jacks Email Parking Services Self Service Parents and Guardians Common Resources Financial Aid Campus Tour Event Calendar Awards and Rankings Brookings Community Support and Safety Counseling Services Health Services Academic Support Student Safety Getting Around Campus Explore the Map Enrollment Services Center Visit Admissions, Financial Aid and the Registrar's offices. University Student Union Visit multiple dining locations and the campus bookstore. Parking Locations Visit the interactive map to filter through specific parking locations. Miller Wellness Center Fitness and Recreation facilities, Student Health Clinic, Student Counseling Services, Jackrabbit Pharmacy. Dairy Bar Purchase and enjoy SDSU dairy products. Visit the map for more attractions across campus. Miller Wellness Center Fitness and Recreation facilities, Student Health Clinic, Student Counseling Services, Jackrabbit Pharmacy. Dairy Bar Purchase and enjoy SDSU dairy products. Visit the map for more attractions across campus. Visit Us Come Meet Your Future Meet the people that will help shape your future and define your college experience! Learn more about your academic interests with some of our world-class faculty. Apply Today Plan Your Visit Request Info Get Directions Give to SDSU Office Directory Explore About SDState Academics Admissions Student Life Research Community Connect Alumni Athletics Bookstore Event Calendar Giving Library News For Students D2L Jacks Club Hub Jacks Email MyJacks Card MyState Self Service For Faculty and Staff Employment Faculty and Staff Directory InsideState My Account © 2025 All Rights Reserved. Emergency EOAA Legal Mission Policies Report It SDState Facebook SDState X.com SDState Youtube SDState Instagram SDState LinkedIn Search Filter by Topic Blog Event News Profile Program Search About About Us News Awards and Rankings University Facts Consumer Information Accreditation Academics Colleges and Departments/Schools General Education Academic Calendar Academic Catalog Graduate School Honors College Library Admissions Undergraduate Transfer Graduate Dual Credit International Paying for College Student Life Housing and Dining University Wellbeing Parents and Families Research Community Attractions Camps and Conferences Family Weekend SDState Experience Event Calendar Search Apply Today SDSTATE Apply Visit Directories Degree Finder Faculty and Staff Office Directory Event Calendar Campus Map SDSTATE Search Visit Degree Finder Campus Map SDSTATE Apply Today