Success starts with People | SD Worx HR & Payroll .academy Login About SD Worx About SD Worx Our company Our Solutions Our customers Investor relations Trust centre Careers Team SD Worx Protime Our company See how we spark success at the heart of your business, so you and your people can thrive. Read more Our leadership team Our recognitions ESG SD Worx Achieves Silver Rating in the EcoVadis Sustainability Assessment Ecovadis, the globally recognised authority in corporate sustainability ratings, has awarded SD Worx a Silver Rating, with the overall Ecovadis score rising to 76 points.  This recognition underlines our commitment to integrating sustainability in our core operations. Read more Insights Insights Resources Publications Podcasts Annual reports Quarterly update Resources Explore our resources for expert insights on HR & Payroll, new relevant data and more. Read more What’s shaping Europe’s workforce? Find out what 5,625 HR leaders have to say about the realities of HR & Payroll today Get the report News & Media News & Media Press Press Keep up-to-date with all the latest news about SD Worx Read more Search Search Contact us | EN Success starts with People Let’s spark successful HR, together. Discover more Empowering over 95,000 customers with HR & payroll services Who We Are Our Company Learn how SD Worx delivers end-to-end HR and payroll solutions across Europe, helping businesses thrive with expertise and innovation. Learn more Press Stay up to date with the latest SD Worx news, announcements, and media coverage shaping the future of HR and payroll. Learn more Investor Relations Explore financial reports, governance insights, and key updates for stakeholders and investors. Learn more Our Customers Discover how we empower organisations to succeed through tailored HR and payroll solutions and trusted partnerships. Learn more Why choose SD Worx? We're your local HR partner, on a European scale. SD Worx offers smart, tailored and integrated HR and Payroll solutions, along with the local expertise, global reach and reliable service you need to grow your business. 95K+ customers worldwide 26 European countries covered 80 years of expertise Local Expertise & Global Reach 19 payroll engines across Europe, global reach. HR Solutions for Every Business Support for all company types, from SMEs to global leaders. Employee-Centric HR Technology Innovative, reliable technology that puts the user first. Europe's Biggest Annual HR Research Real-world data from thousands of employees and HR leaders. Recent awards and recognitions We strive to lead the way in HR and payroll excellence throughout Europe. Below are a few of our recent acknowledgements. Contact us Get in touch today to discover how our solutions can transform your HR & Payroll. Contact us for sales enquiries or a demo. Your questions answered by one of our experts. About SD Worx Our company Our customers Investor relations Careers Trust Centre Team SD Worx - Protime Insights Resources Publications Annual Reports Quaterly Updates News & Media Press Follow us © SD Worx 2025 System Requirements Cookie statement Legal entity Privacy Disclaimer SD Worx