Seal Subscriptions | Subscription app for Shopify Skip to main content Features FAQ Tutorials Partners Testimonials Pricing FEATURES FAQ TUTORIALS VIDEO TUTORIALS All video tutorials Get started with a smooth process USE CASES Food subscriptions Coffee shop subscriptions Downloadable software membership Membership subscriptions USEFUL GUIDES Subscription editing Edit customer subscriptions Widget design Feel and look of your widget Subscription boxes Set up subscription boxes More guides See all tutorials PARTNERS TESTIMONIALS PRICING FEATURES FAQ TUTORIALS VIDEO TUTORIALS Tutorials Get started with a smooth process SPECIFIC SHOP TUTORIALS Food subscriptions Coffee shop subscriptions Downloadable software membership Membership subscriptions POPULAR GUIDES Subscription editing Edit customer subscriptions Widget design Feel and look of your widget Subscription boxes Set up subscription boxes More guides See all tutorials PARTNERS TESTIMONIALS PRICING (1,800+ reviews) (1,800+ reviews) Seal Subscriptions Subscription app for Shopify Built for Shopify Unlock the potential of predictable recurring revenue and skyrocket your business growth with Seal
						Subscriptions - the ultimate subscription solution for discovering new
						opportunities. Trusted by over 30,000+ brands Charge customers automatically, control cancellations, automate discounts and more! Seal Subscriptions app has incredible amount of customizable features, such as automatic discount modification, product swaps, loyalty discounts, cancellation flow and more! You can even use our subscription service to create a subscription box on Shopify. Install the App Boost revenue , customer lifetime value, reduce ad campaign costs and more Introduce subscriptions and increase your revenue with automatic recurring payments on Shopify, boost your business and start building your loyal customer base. Seal Subscriptions allows you to reduce the hassle of constantly acquiring new customers. Join 30,000+ happy merchants using Seal Subscriptions app! Shopify merchants love to use Seal Subscriptions app as their ultimate subscription solution. With more than 1,800 reviews and an average rating of 4.9, Seal
							Subscriptions
							app is the best Shopify subscriptions app you can find! Shopify listed our subscriptions app as one of the best apps for getting lifelong customers and increasing customer retention and as a top app in the subscriptions category . Install the App Watch genuine customer testiominal Watch genuine customer testiominal "I love it, I will be there for life!" Steph from postix.club explains how she loves our Seal Subscriptions app. Especially
								in combination with Bundler app. www.postix.club 30,000+ Happy Customers 350% Bigger Retention 8+ years Building Shopify Apps $100 billion Renewals Processed 30,000+ Happy Customers 350% Bigger Retention 8+ years Building Shopify Apps $100 billion Renewals Processed Our expert development team is there for you We are a European team with over 7 years of experience with Shopify apps. We know how to avoid the most typical e-commerce pitfalls and put your shop on the path to success. Install the App PRODUCT Features Partners Testimonials Our reviews on Shopify App Store SUPPORT FAQ Tutorials Articles Blog CONTACT Support center Privacy policy List Of FAQ © Seal Subscriptions
                                2025 Statistical data on the website is an approximation
                            based on real data. PRODUCT Features Partners Testimonials Our reviews on Shopify App Store SUPPORT Frequently asked questions Tutorials Articles Blog CONTACT Support Center Privacy policy List Of FAQ Statistical data on the website is an approximation based on real
                    data. Seal Subscriptions ©
                    2025