Intelligent Site Search For Publishers | SearchIQ Skip to main content Wordpress Sign In Search IQ Site Search Retail Search Partnerships Integrations Pricing Request a Demo Menu Intelligent search for content and commerce Over 10,000 publishers rely on Search IQ to enhance their user experience, access premium advertiser budgets, and unlock new revenue through algorithmic site search. Request a Demo This plugin has made it so easy for readers to search for the post they are looking for. Clean and easy. Works perfectly on my site.” @temptnutrition Best search plugin hands down. Works very well, even with Divi. Good results page and nice options for styling. You also get a dashboard with stats for all your domains. Can’t stress enough how happy I am with this gem.” @hvdtn Wow, super easy to install and works like a charm. Client wanted something simple, easy, fast. Winner here folks!! Thank You!” @gilmourrules This is the fastest search among the plugins, bar none.” @needmystyle This plugin has made it so easy for readers to search for the post they are looking for. Clean and easy. Works perfectly on my site.” @temptnutrition Best search plugin hands down. Works very well, even with Divi. Good results page and nice options for styling. You also get a dashboard with stats for all your domains. Can’t stress enough how happy I am with this gem.” @hvdtn Wow, super easy to install and works like a charm. Client wanted something simple, easy, fast. Winner here folks!! Thank You!” @gilmourrules This is the fastest search among the plugins, bar none.” @needmystyle A best-in-class search experience for you and your visitors Our industry-leading features are continually updated with the latest advancements in search technology. Learn More Join thousands of happy customers who enjoy our AI-Powered, lighting fast search experience Search-As-You-Type Expand Autocomplete Search-as-you-type feature shows users exactly what they are looking for, instantly. A.I. Powered Search Logic Expand Advanced semantic analysis, error detection and other innovations enable Search IQ to infer the intended meaning behind a search, more effectively directing users to the results they were looking for. Business Intelligence with Real Time Analytics Expand No more guessing as to what your users really want. Their searches are the clearest expression of what they are looking for. Search-As-You-Type Autocomplete Search-as-you-type feature shows users exactly what they are looking for, instantly. A.I. Powered Search Logic Advanced semantic analysis, error detection and other innovations enable Search IQ to infer the intended meaning behind a search, more effectively directing users to the results they were looking for. Business Intelligence with Real Time Analytics No more guessing as to what your users really want. Their searches are the clearest expression of what they are looking for. Introducing Retail Search for Publishers and Marketplaces Allow Search IQ to create a shopping experience within your website, or leverage our API for your marketplace and enhance your product listings. Learn More Unlock the value of your content Our innovative Search technology empowers publishers with superior monetization solutions – turning your ordinary search bar into a 24/7 revenue engine with exclusive access to premium budgets from brands like Best Buy, Wayfair, and Toyota. Learn More Ready to move beyond the same old search? Diversify your search efforts and reach new, high-performing audiences Google and Bing don’t access. Contact Us Ready to move beyond the same old search? Diversify your search efforts and reach new, high-performing audiences Google and Bing don’t access. Request a Demo Learn More Products Site Search Retail Search Partnerships Solutions Search IQ Social IQ Social IQ Creator Confirmation IQ Company About Us Resources WordPress User Guide Non-WordPress User Guide FAQ Integrations Pricing © 2025. All Rights reserved. Privacy Privacy Statement CA Residents Terms Do Not Sell My Information Site Search Retail Search Partnerships Integrations Pricing Wordpress Sign In Request a Demo