Searchspring is now Athos Commerce We are evolving - with a freshly rebranded console and a smart discovery feature. See what’s new → A division of Athos Commerce Products Site Search Help shoppers find what they’re looking for faster with hyper-relevant on-site search results. Merchandising Ecommerce site merchandising that puts the right products in front of shoppers—while putting you in control. Personalization Influence every interaction with individualized recommendations based on past behavior and activity. Reporting & Insight Unlock the power of your own data with analytics designed to help you optimize your site experience. Predictive Product Bundling Instantly boost your average order value with intelligent suggestions based on each customers’ interests. Data Feed Management Optimize product data for 1,400+ channels to boost ecommerce sales. Marketplace Management Effortlessly manage inventory and sales across multiple ecommerce marketplaces. Multichannel Ecommerce Expand your ecommerce reach with Searchspring's multichannel solutions. Featured Black Friday 2025 HQ Your ultimate resource for Black Friday 2025 ecommerce strategies, insights, tools, and actionable content—all in one place. Go To HQ Plans Partners Partner Program Give your clients the tools they need to deliver elevated ecommerce experiences. Partner Directory Meet the network of organizations helping us exceed customer expectations. Ecommerce Platforms See which technology platforms we work with to make retailers’ lives easier. Resources Industry All Industries Automotive Fashion and Apparel Home and Decor Health and Wellness Sports and Outdoors Gifts & Jewelry Topic All Topics Generative Discovery Increasing Conversions Personalized Experiences Customer Lifetime Value Average Order Value Google Shopping Optimization Type Browse all Resources Webinars Blog eBooks Case Studies Featured Resource Black Friday 2025 HQ Your ultimate resource for Black Friday 2025 ecommerce strategies, insights, tools, and actionable content—all in one place. Go To HQ Get The Demo Searchspring is now Athos Commerce We’ve united the power of Searchspring, Klevu, and Intelligent Reach under one bold new company — Athos Commerce — to transform ecommerce. Go to Athos Commerce Looking for more help? Support Contact Us Status ©2025 Searchspring. All rights reserved. Partner Log In Privacy & Terms Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent