Start free trial
Demo
Platforms
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
What's new
Partnership
Start free trial
Supercharge Your Store With Smart Search & Filters
Try Advanced eCommerce Search Tool with Autocomplete and Suggestions, Custom Product Filters, and Merchandising Tools To Drive Your Sales
Works with
Schedule demo now!
We are trusted by 16 000+ companies
Every Customer Journey Begins with a Query
They search
Turn searches into sales with AI-powered search recommendations and help customers find exactly what they need.
Our Autocorrect, Autocomplete, Suggestions, and Instant Results tools quickly connect them with the right products. Try fast site search and enjoy increased conversions rates.
Learn how
"The app works great so far, I have a lot of SKUs and my customers need to be able to search for keywords quickly. This app supercharged my search box and I have seen fewer customer inquiries because of it, even during the trial! Just upgraded to the paid version. Love it."
Tenacious Toys
Site Search
Product Filters
Merchandising
Recommendations
Analytics
Searchanise is
GDPR-compliant
Your data is secured and protected with us
Learn more
Blog
All case-studies
Searchanise is a game-changer for your business
Sennheiser
"Searchanise improves user experience, and now our customers can enjoy the relevancy of the products shown, which results in a 100% satisfaction rate."

Armin Djafari, Global eCommerce platform owner
Read more
Impack
“After installing Searchanise, the conversion rate rose by 14%, the average order value increased by 7%, and the returning customer rate saw a surge of 35%.”

Duy Nguyen, Owner
Read more
Fixoem
“Smart Search Bar & Filters by Searchainse helped us to double the conversion rate, resulting in an additional one hundred thousand dollars in revenue each month.”

Carlos Maldonado, CEO
Read more
Pick your platform and smooth out your customers' journey
Easy install, ready right out of the box
E-Book
Search.
Click. Convert!
We care about the protection of your data. By clicking Subscribe or emailing us, you agree with our Privacy Policy.
Sign Up
How to engage customers at each step of their journey.
Latest in our blog
Wednesday, December 24
Ecommerce Challenges & Trends in 2026
Explore the latest eCommerce challenges & trends in 2026.
Monday, December 15
Shopify Release Notes: Product Recommendations and Sales Price Customization
Discover Searchanise's latest features including Product Recommendations widgets and sales price customization to boost conversions and AOV for your Shopify store.
Wednesday, December 10
BigCommerce Release Notes December 2025: Filter Analytics and Smart Product Cards
Searchanise introduces Filter Analytics to track customer filtering behavior and Smart Product Card Templates for device-optimized displays. Learn how these updates boost conversions on BigCommerce
Show more
Let's stay in touch!
Subscribe to our newsletters to learn more about Searchanise lifehacks, useful articles, and latests news.
Questions left?
We'll be happy to answer them!
We care about the protection of your data. By clicking Subscribe or emailing us, you agree with our Privacy Policy.
Subscribe
AI-Visibilty NEW
Trust & FOMO NEW
Upsell & Cross-Sell
Analytics & Reports
Merchandising & Promo
Navigation & Filters
Smart & Instant Search

Solutions

Platforms
Custom Platforms
Wix
CS-Cart
Magento
BigCommerce
WooCommerce
Shopify Plus
Shopify
We will help you improve customer experience across all the main touchpoints: from typing the search query to providing analytics-based recommendations
Searchanise vs. Boost Commerce
Searchanise vs. Rapid Search
Searchanise vs. Globo
Searchanise vs. Shopify Search
Compare
Resources
Pre-install Guide
Customer reviews
Case Studies
Blog
Accessibility Statement
Cookie Policy
SCC
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Agreement
Refund Policy
License Agreement
Terms of Service
About Us
Company
Contact Us
API
Service status

Demo
Help Portal

Support

Integrations
Affiliate Program Policies
Affiliate Program

Partnership
2025 © Searchanise
We Use Cookies to Enhance Your Experience
Our website uses cookies to analyze site traffic and enhance functionality. For more details, see our Privacy Policy and Сookie Policy.
Accept All
Manage Preferences