International Container Shipping | Online Freight Marketplace Tools Services References Company Pricing Integrations Sign in Tools Tools Services Services References References Company Company Pricing Integrations Admin Admin Logistics Explorer Use our real-time freight calculator to compare rates Container Tracking See your cargo location on the map in real-time Air Tracking Track your air cargoes by airwaybill number Ship Schedules Find sailing schedules by route or vessel with multiple shipping lines Logistics Map Interactive map for freight requests, transport and facilities management Distance & Time Visual module with map, showing sea and land routings Load Calculator The smart engine for transport stuffing Freight Index Freight analytics tool with historical data for sea, land and air shipping Route Planner A tool for carriers to provide accurate tracking CO2 Calculator Discover the world of green technologies for daily logistics SeaRates ERP Efficient ERP solution for Freight Forwarders More tools Request an IT quote Developer portal Request a quote Get the most cost-effective rates for shipping your cargo Active shipping leads Logistics services by country For Importers / Exporters For Carriers / Forwarders Services FCL shipping LCL shipping Bulk & break bulk Dangerous cargoes Insurance Inspection services Abandoned cargoes Pharmaceutical & Healthcare Logistics Certification Project cargo Customs clearance Survey services Reefer cargoes Warehousing 10-foot containers Vehicle & Automotive Shipping World sea ports Carrier Directory Demurrage & Storage Unit converter Info Incoterms IMO classes Reefer cargo Glossary Liner terms Services & fees Alpha (SCAC) codes Package types HS Codes Find ports by shipping line Sea lines explorer Shipping lines directory Dimensions Container dimensions Pallet dimensions ULD container types Types of railway wagons Vessel types Truck types Contact us About us FAQs Blog How to Standardise Multi-Carrier Data into One Stream: Solving the Fragmentation Crisis? SeaRates Updates - Week 52, 2025 How to Track a Road Shipment Online with SeaRates Road Tracking? Find the best Freight Quote Exclusive NVOCC service from China to Mediterranean Explore new opportunities for cargo carriage from China to Turkey and North Africa. Access SeaRates by DP World logistics network for profitable and optimized supplies through the regions' leading ports. Learn more Freight Calculation and Online Bookings Obtain fair tariffs and spot rates via online Freight Calculator for your sea/air/land shipments and parcels over 190+ countries. Get cargo space guarantees with an instant online booking . Integrate API to promote your rates and services with booking processing management. Extensive Tracking System Track your sea/air/land shipments and parcels in real-time . Trace cargo movement, global trade lanes, and routes to control supply chain. Get your own tracking tool with smooth API integration to provide a full-fledged solution for optimized logistics and trade. Exclusive Unifeeder network Access a network of feeder and shortsea in Europe , Middle and Far East. Efficient and sustainable transport solutions have become more affordable. Show more P&O coverage Get access to a leading provider of multimodal logistics solutions with an industry focus via P&O Ferrymasters, Ferries, and Maritime Logistics — by land, rivers and sea. Show more Exclusive space from China to the USA On a tough FCL market SeaRates offers the most competitive shipping rates with guaranteed space from China, direct from the global freight forwarding community. Our team will help you find quotes, buy insurance, and plan your end-to-end shipping journey. Show more Personal dashboard See and manage all your processes in one dashboard on the desktop or in the mobile app! Control your bookings, contracts, finance, and all other features needed for managing logistics in your trading business. Get the full seamless experience of the log-tech! Show more Special rates for contracts for 6+ months! If you contract with us for 6 months or more with a certain commitment of cargo you will ship — you are definitely getting lower rates. Show more 24/7 all time zones support Our support teams around the world are ready to pick up your need as quickly as they appear. Book with SeaRates and get a bespoke expert who is available to help 24/7/365. Ship your freight with confidence! Chat now Cutting edge digital logistics tools With SeaRates shippers are able to get access to the ultimate ecosystem of applications such as rate benchmarking, cargo tracking, route optimization, schedules, paperwork and more! All of this is available with SaaS access, API and white-label web integrations. Show more Logistics liability insurance Thanks to the world's top insurance partners, we will indemnify for any loss, damage, or liability as to the result of an occurrence arising out of the property incident up to $50,000,000. Show more Logistics & Trade Finance solution Today SeaRates can offer an extensive finance solution to support your international deals. Working with world's leading NBFC's through DP World's Finance we give you deferred payment options for either logistics services or even payments for the goods. Show more Reduce bank charges on freight Save on bank fees by arranging your freight payments through SeaRates. Show more Word of mouth promo 10% off Refer us to friends, and we'll give them 5% off their 1st time booking with SeaRates. When they make a booking, you get 5% off, too. (And that goes for every friend you've got.)* Show more *conditions apply Active shipments View all shipping leads Request a Quote Less container load Submit a form for cargo volumes from one cubic meter up to 20m³. LCL shipment is the most economical way to ship small cargo... Shenzhen Koszalin 7 hours Miami Le Havre 14 hours Vancouver 20101 Turku 2 days Tierpoort Raleigh 2 days Qingdao 97017 Santa Croce Camerina 2 days Full container load Transportation in ocean containers (FCL). A whole container is utlised for one consignee. Submit a rate request form for a type of container. Nanshan Algiers 7 hours Kinshasa Kinshasa 8 hours Bangladesh Tripoli 10 hours Izmir Jeddah 15 hours Mersin Jeddah 15 hours Trucking Smart worldwide container repositioning to efficiently close import empty equipment with export loading or find backloads. Services Shipping & logistics Open up new opportunities for the growth of your business, enter new markets, discover new continents. We are with you door-to-door. Book & track online Find diverse solutions for transportation needs of all kinds. Quick and nimble solutions to handle all your supply chain needs. Digital Technologies Our priority is to offer a mix of tools and insights for business, no matter the size of your operation, the volume of your sales or the age of your company. Freight marketplace We support your goals for growth with cargo insurance, online payments and paperless workflow. Take the business to the next step. 24/7 Support Feel the supportive hand of our staff every moment. The acumen of our numerous experts throughout the world is at your fingertips. SeaRates today The lowest rates. The shortest transit times. SeaRates is the largest tariff search engine in the world for international shipping We compare all available cargo delivery options at your request and arrange their transportation and insurance. We provide transparency and control, the cheapest price and the fastest transit time . About us Part of Rest assured that your cargo is in safe hands when you book with SeaRates by DP World. Your benefits with SeaRates All in One Shipping Would you like to ship cargo by ship? FCL or LCL? Bulk or Break Bulk? There is everything you need for shipping on SeaRates.com. We have gathered the shipping services and put them all in one place to facilitate your search. Instantly compare ocean and trucking freight quotes from the most popular logistics providers. Book everything on one site! Save with Loyalty We value our frequent customers and provide shipping rates with discounts for those who qualify. We provide special promotions in the form of promotional codes depending on your orders & routes. To get a promo code, fill out the quotation request form. Easy Freight Booking Affordable pricing of shipping services is what we constantly strive for. At SeaRates.com you will find cheap rates to any country, from the world's top freight forwarders, saving you time and money. Why spend a lot of resource and energy on negotiations to get the best shipping rate? Find and book them online at SeaRates.com. End-to-End Support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year! We understand how important it is to support our customers while arranging their cargo movement, delivery and customs clearance. Our Customer Care Service is always available to support on all issues relating to freight, weight, routing, rates, inland haulage and documentation. Be even faster with our mobile app Integrations Find diverse solutions for transportation needs of all kinds. Quick and nimble solutions to handle all your supply chain needs. Plans and pricing Container Tracking Container, Booking, Bill of lading Go to app Read more Logistics Explorer Use our real-time freight calculator to compare rates Go to app Read more Ship Schedules Find sailing schedules by route or vessel with multiple shipping lines Go to app Read more Load Calculator The smart engine for transport stuffing Go to app Read more Distance & Time Visual module with map, showing sea and land routings Go to app Read more Combine everything in one place Search from more than 500,000 ocean freight quotes and get the latest international shipping rates from any carrier in seconds. With us you get a launching pad for your supply chain, and with it the effectiveness, control and transparency of your business. Get started News View all articles Education Dec 29, 2025 How to Standardise Multi-Carrier Data into One Stream: Solving the Fragmentation Crisis? Innovations Dec 25, 2025 SeaRates Updates - Week 52, 2025 Offers Dec 24, 2025 How to Track a Road Shipment Online with SeaRates Road Tracking? 2026 © SeaRates. All rights reserved. Tools Logistics Explorer Container Tracking Air Tracking Ship Schedules Logistics Map Distance and Time Load Calculator Freight Index Route Planner CO2 Calculator Corporate Products Opportunities For Shippers For Carriers Integrations Find a tool Developer Portal Request an IT tool Affiliates Resources Find Freight Routes Shipping Lines Directory Maritime Legal Terms of service Privacy Policy Copyright Documents templates Company Contact us Blog Careers Help +1 512 254 9712 English Founded in August of 2005, SeaRates is a trusted community marketplace for people to send goods around the world. SeaRates.com helps to arrange the international cargo delivery from 1m³ or 50 kg till shiploads. Thanks to world-class customer service and a growing community of cargo agents, SeaRates.com is the easiest way for people to ship their goods overseas, or to offer free space in the container, truck or vessel to millions of consignors. Choose language: English Pусский Українська Deutsch Español 中文 Français عربي Türkçe Italiano ไทย ქართული فارسی 한국어 日本語 עברית Ελληνικά Polski Người việt nam Português