Seattle Children's Skip to navigation menu Skip to content MyChart Telemedicine Healthcare Professionals Careers Alerts Donate Now I want to … Go to MyChart Find a Doctor Make an Appointment Find a Location Visit ED or Urgent Care Get Driving Directions Refill a Prescription Contact Children's Pay My Bill Estimate My Cost Apply for Financial Assistance Request My Medical Records Find Patient Education Volunteer Donate Refer and Manage a Patient Search Search Search Search Your Visit Conditions Clinics Research Health & Safety Giving Press Room Menu I want to … Go to MyChart Find a Doctor Make an Appointment Find a Location Visit ED or Urgent Care Get Driving Directions Refill a Prescription Contact Children's Pay My Bill Estimate My Cost Apply for Financial Assistance Request My Medical Records Find Patient Education Volunteer Donate Refer and Manage a Patient Donate Now Main Menu On This Page Jump to a section on this page: Now More Than Ever Your Generosity Matters Your gift to Seattle Children's helps families focus on what matters most — helping their child live the healthiest life possible. Donate Now Donate Now Be the Reason Kids Like Emma Get the Life-Changing Care They Deserve Read about Emma and how thanks to groundbreaking treatment at Seattle Children’s — and support from uncompensated care — Emma’s family could focus on her health, not the medical bills. Today, Emma is a bright, determined third grader who loves writing stories and dreaming about her future. Breakthrough Research Research Saves Lives Every day, Seattle Children’s scientists fight tirelessly to discover lifesaving treatments and cures to help every child live the healthiest and most fulfilling life possible. Without steady federal funding, this hope is in jeopardy — and so are the lives of the children who depend on us. Giving That Goes the Distance Every philanthropic gift has a story of hope, compassion and a desire to help kids. Read about how your gifts make a difference in Connection. Read Connection Schedule an Appointment Same-Day Mental Health Care Healthy Tides, a free email newsletter for parents and caregivers Help Your Child or Teen Feel Less Lonely Understand loneliness and learn easy ways to support your child. Subscribe for Health and Safety Information 6 Times Each Year See the Latest Issue Read More Contact & Locations Seattle Children's Hospital 4800 Sand Point Way NE Seattle, WA 98105 Hospital Map and Directions Regional Clinics & Other Locations Phone 206-987-2000 866-987-2000 (Toll Free) 866-583-1527 (Interpreter Services) 206-987-0391 (TTY) 206-987-2226 (Driving Directions) Urgent Care Clinics For minor illnesses and injuries, please schedule a virtual or in-person appointment in Bellevue , Everett , Federal Way or Seattle . Psychiatric Urgent Care For same-day virtual or in-person mental health support for children and teens ages 4 through 17 who may not need the services of an emergency department. Orthopedic Injury Urgent Care For same-day orthopedic and sports-related injuries for children, teens and young adults (up to their 21st birthday) who may not need the services of an emergency department. Offers in-person visits in Seattle . Emergency Department Open 24 hours, 7 days a week for children up to age 21 in Seattle . If your child's illness or injury is life-threatening, call 911. Paying for Care Learn about paying for care at Seattle Children's: Apply for Financial Assistance Insurance Coverage Price Transparency Pay Your Bill Events January Sat 24 EJ Guild Presents Bunco at Brightwater February Fri 20 Friends Helping Friends World Cup Auction and Fundraiser March Sat 14 Daughters' Guild Toast for Tots 20th Anniversary Gala Sat 21 Skate for Stamm Camp Fundraiser and Silent Auction May Sat 16 Clare Beckett Guild Wild West Bingo More Events About Us About Seattle Children’s Contact Us Locations Visiting Seattle Children’s Press Releases Price Transparency Community Healthcare Professionals Events Classes Volunteering Experience and Outcomes Advancing Healthcare Experience and Outcomes Values Nondiscrimination and Interpreters Notice Accessibility and Special Needs About This Site About This Website Feedback Terms of Use Privacy My Health My Data Notice of Privacy Practices Employees Working From Home and Remote Access Help Vendors ©2025  Seattle Children’s Hospital 4800 Sand Point Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 206-987-2000 866-987-2000 (toll-free) 206-987-0391 (TTY) Seattle Children’s complies with applicable federal and other civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude people or treat them differently based on race, color, religion (creed), sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin (ancestry), age, disability, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Financial assistance for medically necessary services is based on family income and hospital resources and is provided to children under age 21 whose primary residence is in Washington, Alaska, Montana or Idaho.