Seattle University Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer content Click to visit the home page News Events Athletics Cornish College Info For Admitted Students Alumni Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Cornish College Apply Visit Give Admissions & Aid Apply Now Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Transfer Admissions Executive & Professional Admissions Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Request Information Visit & Tour Academics All Programs Schools & Colleges Centers & Institutes Academic Advising Education Abroad Lemieux Library Academic Calendar Academic Resources Life at Seattle U Our Campus Housing & Dining Get Involved Pep Band and Spirit Faith, Spirituality and Meaning University Recreation Graduate Student Life International Student Community Public Safety Health & Wellness Who We Are The Seattle U Impact Mission, Vision & Values Jesuit Education A Diverse & Inclusive Community Global Engagement Sustainability and Climate Action Leadership Contact Us Search Shape Your Future at Seattle University Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to All Experience the Season’s Highlights Whole Person Education Higher-Powered Learning At Seattle University, we empower you to realize your full potential through an inclusive and holistic educational experience grounded in universal values. Educational Approach Ready for the World Meaningful Careers Our Jesuit education and deep ties to the best companies in Seattle prepare you for success in your career and community—wherever life takes you. Learn More Be Legendary At Seattle University, legends are made through purpose, dedication and drive to change the world. Discover the stories of Redhawks who lead with courage, curiosity and conviction. See What It Means to Be Legendary Explore Programs Seattle University doesn’t just prepare you for a constantly changing world—we help you shape it for the better. Find the programs that ignite your passion and help you make a difference. All Programs Undergraduate Programs With 65 undergraduate majors in today’s top fields, you’ll find a program that excites you. Graduate Programs Choose from more than 50 in-person and online graduate programs that advance your career. Professional Development Discover certificates and programs that help you make a greater impact. Living Our Values We’re on a mission to empower you to create a more just, equitable and sustainable world through doing the work you love. Mission and Values Jesuit Education Leadership Diversity Justice Academic Excellence Jesuit Education Maria Gotay, '25 MFA “This university is very focused on giving back and about the ‘care for the whole person.’ It’s also about being of service to others to be the best leader you can be. I have seen that value hammered home. As students we are forced to ask over and over again, ‘How can I best serve others.” Arts Leadership Leadership Shannon Blott (She/Her), ’24 “Seattle University encourages each student to locate and empower their personal voice. Through experimentation of thought, expression of ideas, and personal reflection, this powerful process can be used by everyone to better those around them and change communities locally and internationally. I encourage everyone to find their courage and seek others in an open minded and curious spirit to inspire change!” Nursing Diversity Liliana McClain, ’26 “It’s refreshing to feel that my classmates are helpful and encouraging instead of feeling like they are out to get me! It makes me think like there is a kind of ‘no scientist left behind’ culture here. Seattle U's dedication to bringing humanity into science is truly commendable and sets it apart from other colleges. I look forward to the remaining years of my academic journey in this nurturing and inclusive community.” Chemistry Justice Jasmine Waland, ’19 “I had never thought about being a researcher, but I immediately said yes [when asked to join a research project]. From this experience, I honored people’s stories, listened to what changes they wanted to see, and then was able to tell those stories in a research paper distributed to food banks across the nation to help make that change. All research should reposition power from the interviewer to the interviewee.” Sociology and Humanities for Teaching Academic Excellence Clayton Nguyen, ’23 “Choosing Seattle U has been one of the best decisions I've made. The challenging coursework, dedicated faculty, and supportive community have empowered me to grow both personally and professionally. The computer science program provides ample opportunities for internships, networking, and career development, making it an ideal choice for aspiring computer scientists.” Computer Science How we're Different The Seattle U Impact #1 Economically Diverse University in WA The New York Times College-Access Index noted that we're the most economically diverse selective university in Washington. 11:1 Student-to-Faculty Ratio Small classes led by talented faculty to foster active learning, an SU hallmark. 96% Success Rate Most Redhawks are employed or in grad school within 6 months of graduation. Learn how we empower your success The Seattle University Experience Seattle: A Global Tech City Seattle University puts you in the center of one of the country's most dynamic cities: a city at the forefront of scientific, medical, and technological innovation and research. Living in Seattle #1 Destination City For College Students Seattle is America's most desired destination for college students.
—2022 Axios-Generation Lab “Next Cities Index” Fun and Welcoming Campus Our vibrant, close-knit campus community gives you a sense of belonging—and a lot of ways to make new friends while doing things you care about. Esports & Gaming Student Activities & Clubs International Student Center The Splendor of the Pacific Northwest Mountains and water in every direction, plus plenty of beaches, waterfalls and forests. The stunning beauty of the Pacific Northwest is unmatched and unrivaled. Where will you explore first? University Recreation University News & Stories Newsroom Visit our Newsroom for the latest updates and information The Christmas Season Calls SU News Seattle University’s Christmas video is sure to stir emotions with its heartfelt meaning and message. Tags: People of SU Student Experience & Success Men’s Hoops Quiets the Dawgs SU News For the second consecutive year the Redhawks faced the Washington Huskies and came away on top, beating the cross-town rivals at Climate Pledge Arena. What a Year SU News A look back at the biggest stories, newsmakers and memorable moments of 2025. A Poetic Life Seattle University Magazine Educator and SU alum is the new Washington State Poet Laureate. Next steps Apply Visit Request Info Admissions & Aid Academics Life at Seattle U Who We Are Information for Admitted Students Alumni Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Cornish College Redhawk Hub Canvas mySeattleU Email ConnectSU Campus Store Careers at Seattle U Faculty & Staff Directory Offices & Departments Directory Click to visit the home page 901 12th Avenue Seattle, WA 98122 206-296-6000 Campus Map & Directions Tiktok Threads Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Facebook Copyright © Seattle University Policies & Regulations Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Ethics Line