Home | Section508.gov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
              the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites. ˄ Top Menu Policy & Management Acquisition Content Creation Design & Develop Testing Training, Tools & Events Blogs & Updates My Agency’s 508 PM About Us Search Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act Technology Accessibility Playbook—Refreshed! Simplify your path to accessible ICT. Our updated Technology Accessibility Playbook brings together essential guidance, best practices, and tools to help agencies ensure their technology works for everyone—right from the start. Explore the Technology Accessibility Playbook Our Mission On January 18, 2017, the U.S. Access Board published a final rule updating accessibility requirements for information and communication technology (ICT) covered by Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and Section 255 of the Communications Act. The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) Office of Government-wide Policy (OGP) is tasked under this law to provide technical assistance to help Federal agencies comply with these requirements, and ensure that covered ICT is accessible to, and usable by, individuals with disabilities. About Us Quick Links Micro-Purchases and Section 508 Requirements IT Accessibility Laws and Policies Accessibility Requirements Tool (ART) Find Your Section 508 Program Manager Policy & Management IT Accessibility Laws and Policies Practical Reasons for Digital Accessibility View a Playbook Buy Accessible Products and Services Annual Section 508 Assessment View All Acquisition Buy Accessible Products and Services Sell Accessible Products and Services Accessibility Requirements Tool (ART) ACR Editor Create an ACR Using a VPAT® Micro-Purchases and Section 508 Requirements View All Content Creation Alternative Text Captions and Transcripts Documents PDFs Presentations Meetings View All Design & Develop Universal Design and Accessibility Guide to Accessible Web Design & Development Developing Accessible Web Content Create Accessible Software & Websites Mapping of WCAG 2.0 to Functional Performance Criteria View All Testing Testing Lifecycle Overview ICT Testing Baseline Portfolio Overview of Testing Methods for 508 Conformance Accessibility Testing for Websites and Software View All Training, Tools & Events Micro-Purchases and Section 508 Requirements Find Your 508 Program Manager Universal Design Accessibility Requirements Tool (ART) ANDI (Accessible Name & Description Inspector) Color Contrast Analyzer ( Windows | macOS ) View All Government-wide Initiatives Digital Strategy Plain Language U.S. Web Design System CIO Council Accessibility Community of Practice Organization About Us Contact Us Contributors Join the Community (Listserv) Tools ART ACR Editor SRT Find Your Section 508 Program Manager Resources Accessibility Playbooks ACR Library Acronyms & Abbreviations Glossary of Terms Website Policies Section508.gov An official website of the General Services Administration About GSA Accessibility statement FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Performance reports Privacy policy Reuse and Copyright Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov