About Secunia Research | Flexera Skip to main content Menu Search Main navigation Solutions Column 1 Business challenge Software renewals and audits Software license management and optimization SaaS spend management Cloud cost management IT asset lifecycle management CMDB data quality Accurate IT inventory Security and regulatory risk management Sustainable IT AI-powered transformation Public sector Column 2 Spend management by vendor IBM Oracle Microsoft SAP VMware ServiceNow AWS Salesforce BMC Adobe Flexera is a Leader in 2025 cloud financial management tools Discover recognized CFM vendors to watch in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ View Report Products Column 1 Flexera One IT Visibility ITAM Snow Atlas Cloud License Management SaaS Management Column 2 Hide group FinOps Cloud Cost Optimization Cloud Commitment Management Container Optimization Virtual Machine Optimization Column 3 Hide group Application Readiness Security Integrations Technology Intelligence Platform All products Introducing Flexera One SaaS Management Discover comprehensive SaaS visibility for taming SaaS sprawl, wasted spend and compliance risks Book your personalized demo Success Column 1 Customer success Services and training Services Training Support Flexera support portal Flexera product documentation Snow product documentation Column 2 Hide group Technology Intelligence Awards Flexera community 2025 Technology Intelligence Awards The results are in—see how our 2025 winners and honorable mentions are shaping the future of Technology Intelligence. See the winners Resources Column 1 Resources Webinars Videos Datasheets White papers & reports Column 2 Hide group Blog Case studies Events Analyst Research Glossary Demos & trials Business value calculator Flexera 2026 IT Priorities Report AI ROI, sustainability, cost and risk: Discover the latest IT trends shaping tomorrow’s IT landscape in Flexera’s 2026 IT Priorities Report. View report About Column 1 Company About Careers Contact us Leadership Partners Partner program Partner locator Column 2 Press center Press releases Awards Articles Hide group Social responsibility ESG Belonging and inclusion The Flexera 2025 State of the Cloud Report How are GenAI, rising cloud costs, security and sustainability shaping your cloud strategies in 2025? View Report External Links Customers Community Product login Partner Portal Search Book a demo Secunia Research The world’s best vulnerability intelligence The Secunia Research team from Flexera provides the most accurate and reliable source of vulnerability intelligence. Contact Us Watch video (0:29) Related links Anatomy of a security advisory Software Vulnerability Research Software Vulnerability Manager Security advisories from Secunia Research Report a vulnerability Featured Details Multiple ways to consume Secunia Research Secunia delivers software security research that provides reliable, curated and actionable vulnerability intelligence. Organizations can expect to receive standardized, validated and enriched vulnerability research on a specific version of a software product. Secunia Research supports four solutions: Software Vulnerability Research Software Vulnerability Research utilizes Secunia Research to drive awareness of vulnerabilities matching your specified criteria Learn More Software Vulnerability Manager Software Vulnerability Manager uses Secunia Research data to identify, prioritize and patch known vulnerable software detected in your environment Learn More Data Platform Data Platform leverages Secunia Research to provide high-level insights based on major or minor versions of software in your normalized inventory Learn More Flexera One Flexera One utilizes Secunia Research (alongside public NVD data) to provide more granular matching of build-level versions of software in your normalized inventory within its IT Asset Management and IT Visibility solutions Learn More How it works Accurate, reliable vulnerability insights at your fingertips The Secunia Research team from Flexera is comprised of several security specialists who conduct vulnerability research in various products in addition to testing, verifying and validating public vulnerability reports. Since its inception in 2002, the goal of the Secunia Research team is to provide the most accurate and reliable source of vulnerability intelligence. Delivering the world’s best vulnerability intelligence requires skill and passion. Team members continually develop their skills exploring various high-profile closed and open-source software using a variety of approaches, focusing chiefly on thorough code audits and binary analysis. The team has received industry recognition, including naming members to Microsoft’s Most Valuable Security Researchers list. Secunia researchers discover hard-to-find vulnerabilities that aren’t normally identified with techniques such as fuzzing, and the results have been impressive. Members of the Secunia Research team have discovered critical vulnerabilities in products from vendors including Microsoft, Symantec, IBM, Adobe, RealNetworks, Trend Micro, HP, Blue Coat, Samba, CA, Mozilla and Apple. The team produces invaluable security advisories based on research of the vulnerabilities affecting any given software update. Sometimes a single update can address multiple vulnerabilities of varying criticalities and threats; but these advisories aggregate and distill findings down to a single advisory perfect for the prioritization of patching efforts within Software Vulnerability Manager . Criticality scores are consistently applied along with details around attack vector and other valuable details within Software Vulnerability Research . Illegitimate vulnerability reports are also investigated and rejected so you can focus only on what truly matters. Informing IT, Transforming IT Industry insights to help keep you informed Webinar From alert to action: Improve vulnerability management Learn how to gain actionable insights to manage vulnerabilities, understand threats and speed up remediation with Flexera’s SVR and SVM. Webinar Stay ahead of cyber threats: Flexera's latest vulnerability insights Join us for this session where we'll explore the latest findings from the Flexera Monthly Vulnerability Insights Report. Webinar Dive deeper into the Flexera Annual Vulnerability Insights We'll explore the key findings from the Flexera Annual Vulnerability Insights Report. Learn about the latest cybersecurity trends, the most targeted industries, the types of vulnerabilities, plus management and mitigation strategies. Report Flexera Annual Software Vulnerability and Threat Intelligence Report Discover key cybersecurity trends in the 2024 Flexera Software Vulnerability and Threat Intelligence Report. Get insights on vulnerabilities, zero-days, and vendor risk to strengthen your security strategy. Video Close the Risk Window with Software Vulnerability Manager Stop reacting. Gain control. Stay secure. Build a more effective risk mitigation process leveraging Secunia Research vulnerability intelligence and the largest repository of third-party patch data in the industry. Remote video URL Trial Software Vulnerability Manager Assessment free trial Get access to the complete set of modules of Software Vulnerability Manager: Research, Assessment and Patching View all resources Footer Menu Column Business challenge Software renewals and audits Software license management and optimization SaaS spend management Cloud cost management IT asset lifecycle management CMDB data quality Accurate IT inventory Security and regulatory risk management Sustainable IT AI-powered transformation Public sector Column Spend management by vendor IBM Oracle Microsoft SAP VMware ServiceNow AWS Salesforce BMC Adobe Column Products Flexera One Snow Atlas Application Readiness Security Integrations All products Column Company About Careers Contact us Contact support Leadership Media / press center Revenera.com +1.800.374.4353 en English Deutsch © 2025 Flexera. All Rights Reserved. Footer Privacy policy Terms and conditions Impressum Site map × ...