Security Awareness Training: Education for Employees | Proofpoint US Skip to main content English: Americas Search Login Platform Products Solutions Proofpoint Contact Us Search Platform Products Solutions Partners Resources Company Search Login English: Americas Platform Products Solutions Partners Resources Company Threat Protection Stop all human-centric threats with industry-leading AI and global threat intelligence. Core Email Protection Prime Threat Protection How to Buy Data Security & Governance Transform your data security and governance with a unified, omni-channel approach. Unified Data Security Adaptive Email DLP Enterprise DLP Insider Threat Management Digital Communications Governance How to Buy Data & SaaS Security Posture Remediate data and SaaS exposures by understanding your risk posture. Account Takeover Protection Data Security Posture Management (DSPM) Human Resilience Unlock full user risk visibility and drive behavior change. ZenGuide Premium Services Leverage our strategic guidance and hands-on expertise to optimize your Proofpoint solutions. All Products Browse the full Proofpoint product suite. More products More Proofpoint Products Account Takeover Protection (ATO) Detect, investigate and remediate account takeovers with sophisticated machine learning. Adaptive Email DLP Detect and prevent accidental and malicious email data loss with advanced ML and behavioral AI. Archive Securely store enterprise communications and search with deep data insights. Automate Streamline compliance supervision by reducing low-risk content and analyst review fatigue using machine learning models. Capture Collect and retain all digital communications for compliance, legal discovery, and long-term information retention. CASB Protect cloud apps and data with visibility, control, and threat prevention. Collab Protection Extend protection beyond email for all messaging and collaboration tools. Core Email Protection Protect your people from email threats using AI and global threat intelligence. Discover Process, analyze and cull more archived information in-house for e-discovery. Data Security Posture Management (DSPM) Discover, classify, and protect sensitive data across cloud and hybrid environments. Email DLP & Encryption Prevent email data loss and encrypt sensitive emails with granular and dynamic rules-based controls. Endpoint DLP Detect and prevent data loss at the endpoint. Enterprise DLP Detect and resolve data loss risk across email, cloud, and endpoints with centralized policies. Email Fraud Defense Protect your brand reputation, meet DMARC requirements to increase deliverability and identify lookalikes of your domains. Insider Threat Management Detect and prevent insider threats with deep visibility into risky behavior. Patrol Monitor and manage social media compliance with automated workflows and reporting. Prime Threat Protection Stop all human-centric attacks across multiple channels and stages with AI threat detection. Secure Email Relay Increase control and security for application-generated email and accelerate DMARC implementation. Supervision Monitor and supervise digital communications to enable compliance with SEC, FINRA, and other regulations. Track Track, audit, report on and reconcile all content in your capture stream for compliance. ZenGuide Strengthen human resilience through automated, risk-based learning. Solutions by Use Case How Proofpoint protects your people and data. Ensure Acceptable GenAI Use Empower your workforce with safe GenAI practices. Authenticate Your Email Protect your email deliverability with DMARC. Combat Email and Cloud Threats Protect your people from email and cloud threats with an intelligent and holistic approach. More use cases Solutions by Industry People-centric solutions for your organization. Federal Government Cybersecurity for federal government agencies. State and Local Government Protecting the public sector, and the public from cyber threats. More industries Comparing Proofpoint Evaluating cybersecurity vendors? Check out our side-by-side comparisons. View comparisons Solutions By Use Case How Proofpoint protects your people and data. Change User Behavior Help your employees identify, resist and report attacks before the damage is done. Combat Data Loss and Insider Risk Prevent data loss via negligent, compromised and malicious insiders. Modernize Compliance and Archiving Manage risk and data retention needs with a modern compliance and archiving solution. Protect Cloud Apps Keep your people and their cloud apps secure by eliminating threats and data loss. Prevent Loss from Ransomware Learn about this growing threat and stop attacks by securing ransomware's top vector: email. Secure Microsoft 365 Implement the best security and compliance solution for Microsoft 365. Solutions By Industry People-centric solutions for your organization. Higher Education A higher level of security for higher education. Financial Services Eliminate threats, build trust and foster growth for your organization. Healthcare Protect clinicians, patient data, and your intellectual property against advanced threats. Mobile Operators Make your messaging environment a secure environment. Internet Service Providers Cloudmark email protection. Small and Medium Businesses Big-time security for small business. Proofpoint vs. the competition Side-by-side comparisons. Proofpoint vs. Abnormal Security Proofpoint vs. Mimecast Proofpoint vs. Cisco Proofpoint vs. Microsoft Purview Proofpoint vs. Legacy DLP Proofpoint vs. Check Point Harmony Proofpoint vs. SSE Vendors Proofpoint vs. Symantec Partners Deliver Proofpoint solutions to your customers. Channel Partners Channel Partners and Distributors MSP Partners Archive Extraction Partners GSI Partners Technology and Alliance Partners Social Media Protection Partners Resources Find reports, webinars, blogs, events, podcasts and more. Resource Library Blog Keep up with the latest news and happenings. Webinars Browse our webinar library to learn about the latest threats, trends and issues in cybersecurity. Cybersecurity Academy Earn your certification to become a Proofpoint Certified Guardian. Podcasts Learn about the human side of cybersecurity. Threat Glossary Learn about the latest security threats. Events Connect with us at events to learn how to protect your people and data from ever-evolving threats. Customer Stories Read how our customers solve their most pressing cybersecurity challenges. Company Proofpoint protects organizations' greatest assets and biggest risks: their people. About Proofpoint Careers Stand out and make a difference at one of the world's leading cybersecurity companies. News Center Read the latest press releases, news stories and media highlights about Proofpoint. AI, Privacy and Trust Learn about how we handle data and make commitments to privacy and other regulations. Environmental, Social, and Governance Learn how we apply our principles to positively impact our community. Support Access the full range of Proofpoint support services. Platform Discover the Proofpoint human-centric platform. Learn More Proofpoint Satori The power behind agentic security operations. Proofpoint Nexus Advanced AI and threat intelligence to detect threats and assess data risk. Proofpoint Zen Integrated control points to protect people and data, wherever work happens. Search Proofpoint Try searching for Email Security Phishing DLP Email Fraud Select Product Login Support Log-in Proofpoint Cybersecurity Academy Digital Risk Portal Email Fraud Defense ET Intelligence Proofpoint Essentials Sendmail Support Log-in Select Language English: Americas English: Europe, Middle East, Africa English: Asia-Pacific Español Deutsch Français Italiano Português 日本語 한국어 Guide Users Simplify behavior change with automated, risk-based learning Transform your high-risk employees. Change risky behaviors and foster a strong security culture with cybersecurity awareness training. Sample our content Sample our content Read the solution brief Read the solution brief Introducing Proofpoint Satori™ Phishing Simulation Agent – Automatically deploy attack-informed simulations. See the announcements from Protect 2025. Read now Overview Benefits Key Features Related Resources Request a Demo Overview Educate and motivate your people so they can become part of your security solution Security awareness training alone is not enough. To drive behavior change and build a security-minded culture, organizations must go beyond mere compliance-based awareness programs. Identify and focus on high-risk individuals, actively engage and motivate them and cultivate a security-conscious culture. 1 % of cyberattacks involve the human element 1 % of working adults bypass security knowingly 1 % of working adults are unsure of their responsibilities in securing their organization Benefits Focus on, engage and empower high-risk individuals Gain insights into individuals who represent the greatest risk with intelligence that’s derived from Proofpoint People Risk Explorer. Engage them with targeted security education tailored to their roles, behaviors, skills and the specific threats they face. Scale your security awareness program with smart automation Create a behavior change program by designing targeted campaigns that adapt to individuals’ unique risks and behaviors. Automatically enroll them in a tailored curriculum that includes security education, assessments and other interventions. Drive behavior change and build a strong security culture Motivate people and keep them engaged through gamified learning, role-relevant content and real-world scenarios. Assess people’s attitudes and beliefs about security with a culture survey that is both concise and efficient. Build resilience against emerging threats Equip people with the right knowledge, tools and attitudes to protect against human-activated threats and the latest attack tactics. Adjust education and threat simulations based on what’s happening in the current threat landscape. Key Features Key features of Proofpoint’s ZenGuide™ Detect human risk through a whole new lens Proofpoint’s Security Awareness Training helps you identify high-risk individuals and measure human risk by evaluating their roles, behaviors, vulnerabilities, attack risk and business privileges. Run a data-driven behavior change program that goes beyond training and phishing simulations. We detect and measure human risk based on: Behavioral choices Threat context Roles and business privileges Skills and cultural attitudes Phishing /USB/SMS simulations based on real-world attacks Automate risk-based security education Effortlessly create and customize sophisticated, targeted campaigns for your high-risk employees and enroll them automatically. You can save time and effort with: Adaptive Groups, which give you the flexibility to manage learner groups based on various attributes and allow you to automatically assign activities based on individuals’ risk profiles, behaviors, roles and more Pathways, which let you easily design curriculum that includes various activities and conditions, such as education, phishing simulations, and assessments, for targeted groups A personalized learning experience ZenGuide offers a wide range of security topics, difficulty levels, formats, styles and languages. With bite-sized nano- and micro-learning, you can engage global learners with a unique learning experience and maximize the impact you have on employees. ZenGuide also enhances learning effectiveness through: Just-in-time coaching Contextual guidance Gamified content WCAG support for improved accessibility Measure and benchmark program success ZenGuide measures real-world behavior changes and benchmarks them against your industry peers. When integrated with People Risk Explorer, it reveals high-risk individuals and their risky behaviors, and tracks changes in human risk over time. This ensures better risk communication and ongoing support. Provide an easy report button ZenGuide equips your people with an easy-to-use report suspicious button, streamlining threat reporting—even when they are accessing email via mobile devices—and reinforcing positive reporting behavior. Related Related mitigating human risk solutions from Proofpoint All Protect People Products Stop Human-Targeted Attacks Stop the full range of attacks targeting your people, including threats, impersonation attempts and supplier fraud. Impersonation Protection Holistic brand and supplier defense that stops 100% of domain spoofing. Adaptive Email Security Stop more threats, including internal phishing , with a fully integrated layer of behavioral AI. Identity Protection Secure vulnerable identities, stop lateral movement and privilege escalation . Resources The latest developments in mitigating human risk Featured Resource 2024 State of the Phish – Today’s Cyber Threats and Phishing Protection Read More Blog Article Beyond Security Awareness: Moving Toward Sustained Behavior Change Resource Proofpoint ZenGuide Resource Proofpoint User Protection Request a Demo Request a demo Learn how our integrated platform helps you: Stop cyberattacks Prevent data loss Reduce human risk across your environment Thanks for reaching out; a Proofpoint cybersecurity specialist will contact you soon. Turn people into your best defense with Proofpoint Get in Touch Products Protect People Defend Data Mitigate Human Risk Premium Services Get Support Product Support Login Support Services IP Address Blocked? More About Proofpoint Why Proofpoint Careers Leadership Team News Center AI, Privacy and Trust Hornetsecurity Connect with Us +1 408 517 4710 Attend an Event Contact Us Free Demo Request ©
                2025.
                All rights reserved. Terms and conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap