Cloud-Based Online Ticketing Software | SECUTIX SECUTIX Platform Industries Solutions Resources Company Book a demo EN Open main menu The Event Industry Cloud We unlock the potential of the world's best events and experiences. The ones not to be missed and forever enjoyed - seamlessly, securely, fantastically. Culture, Arts and Attractions Live Entertainment Sport Marketplaces Tickets served by SECUTIX 0 This year 0 All Time Secure Digital Tickets 0 Since 2002 Advanced Digital Solutions for the Event World Cloud solutions that fit your business and the needs of your customers Maximise Sales Our technology doesn’t just take your ticket store online, it unlocks a whole range of ways to maximise your revenue, simplify multi-channel and multi-product sales. Lean more Optimise Marketing Get closer to your audience, generate in-depth actionable customer insights and adjust your offers to their desires and needs. Learn more Access Control Control visitor access into any part of your venue, regulate visitor flow, and analyse visits using built-in reports. Learn more Business Intelligence Take informed, data based decisions, unlocking audience value, digitising experiences, driving business growth. Learn more A partnership you can trust €1.2 M Yearly revenue generated by our clients through marketing campaigns 175 Live customer sites across Europe 45M Tickets processed yearly 48 Partners Find what’s relevant to you Access our comprehensive resource hub for case studies, webinars, articles, and the latest news to stay informed, inspired, and ahead in the ticketing industry. Use arrow keys to navigate options, Enter to select, Escape to close Type of Content Use arrow keys to navigate options, Enter to select, Escape to close Industries Use arrow keys to navigate options, Enter to select, Escape to close Topic Request a call back or demo Find out how our solutions can open your world. Our team are happy to consult with you about your goals or give you a demo of our products and offerings at any time. Let’s Connect Complete the form and connect with our team to explore how SECUTIX can meet your unique ticketing needs and elevate your audience experience. Book a demo Footer PLATFORM S-360 S-MOBILE S-PAY FAN4LIFE INDUSTRIES Sport Live Entertainment Culture, Arts & Attractions Marketplaces RESOURCES Case Studies Webinars Articles News Pressroom SOLUTIONS Access Control Business Intelligence Marketing Ticket Protection True Fan Advantage Sales Contact Av. Général-Guisan 70A, 1009 Pully Switzerland +41 21 613 21 11 Contact Us LinkedIn Youtube 2025 © SECUTIX | Cookies | Legal Notice | Privacy Notice | Accessibility Statement | ELCA Group