Fund A Project
Start A Project
Search
Login
Sign Up

Crowdfunding 
Stories
 That Matter.

Seed&Spark is where creators and audiences work together to bring incredible new projects to life. Find your next spark of curiosity, inspiration and community!

I Got You

Washington, District of Columbia | Film Short

Drama, Teen

A worrisome teen struggles to understand the value of life through the eyes of her epileptic childhood friend.

Support this project
BALANCE: A Perimenopause Journey (Docuseries)

Dallas, Texas | Series

Documentary, Science

Two monks confront perimenopause—and uncover the global health crisis every woman needs to know about.

Support this project
Kevin Longwell: Biohazard Remediation Specialist

Austin, Texas | Film Short

Drama, Other

A mockumentary about Kevin Longwell, a man who makes the world a better place by cleaning up after gruesome deaths.

Support this project
Skip to prev slide page
Skip to next slide page

82%

Success Rate

$83,436,582

Raised

6,923

Projects Created

Skip to previous slide page
Mummy Loves You

Mummy Loves You explores how family can hurt and heal us through two sisters on different coming-of-age paths. Sarah is pushed into adulthood while Jasmine rushes into teenagerhood, their lives colliding under one roof. This film honors the messy, quiet love that shapes who we become.

Los Angeles, California | Film Short

Drama, Family

Through the Umbra

Set in a world where Day and Night are divided, Through the Umbra explores themes of unity, truth, and what it means to champion empathy over fear. Your support will enhance our production quality, help us push the boundaries of technology in student filmmaking, and ensure our team is well-supported

Orange, California | Film Short

Sci-Fi, Action

Margin of Innocence

An 11-year-old must choose between fitting in and standing up for her sister with autism after her friend excludes her from her Bat Mitzvah.

New York City, New York | Film Short

Drama, Family

Unleavened

Unleavened tells a timely story about heritage, autonomy, and generational wounds through a unique mix of realism and myth. Supporting it helps elevate Jewish perspectives and create space for complex, meaningful storytelling.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania | Film Short

Drama

7 Minutes Before

After a tense run-in, phone-obsessed Tristan and anxious, asthma-stricken Cameron are trapped in a school building by a missile alert. With seven minutes to impact, panic fades into an unexpected human connection.

Los Angeles, California | Film Short

Drama

Forced Upload

This film takes unfortunate historical foundations and pairs it with futuristic possibilities. Black people's historical distrust of the American medical industry is not taken seriously enough, and AI is slowly damning humanity. What if the extreme right radicals in power begged for forgiveness?

Chicago, Illinois | Film Short

Sci-Fi, Drama

Skip to next slide page
Discover More Projects
Things We're Proud Of
Skip to previous slide page

82% of projects on Seed&Spark have women in key roles.

We're the only platform requiring an inclusion statement from creators.

About 80% of crowdfunding dollars raised goes to pay wages in local communities.

Skip to next slide page

Looking For Film Forward?

Click Here
Calling All Creators

This could be you! Getting funded, building an audience and sharing your project with the world. Whether it’s development, production, post or something else, create your dream project with Seed&Spark.

Learn More
Crowdfunding Rallies

Rallies are large scale calls for crowdfunding campaigns around a theme, and you can win thousands in prizes from partners when you participate!

AAPI Rally

This rally is for filmmakers making stories in any genre or format that lead with multidimensional or unexpected Asian and Pacific Islander characters.

Prizes: $10,000 in cash, mentorship and more!

Submission deadline: May 20, 2025.

All projects crowdfund June 2-July 1.

Music Rally

This rally is for musicians and composers from across the US and Canada to crowdfund projects for live music recording - for an album, soundtrack, or other live music recording.

Prizes: $100,000 in prize value: recording studio time, mentorships, tools and more!

Crowdfund from May 12-October 28 to qualify.

Georgia Short Film Rally

This rally is for filmmakers based or working in Georgia, USA making short films (under 40 min) in any genre.

Prizes: Win up to $5,000 in cash and top industry mentorship.

Submission deadline: July 11.

All projects crowdfund July 28-Aug 27.

Stay on top of what the freshest new creators are doing.

Get the Seed&Spark newsletter, sent once a week.

Subscribe

Copyright © 2025 Seed&Spark

All rights reserved

Company
Mission
Team
Careers
Press
Film Forward
Shop
For Creators
Crowdfunding 101
Why S&S?
Events
Resources
Fiscal Sponsors
Support
FAQs
Code of Conduct
Get In Touch
Stay Up To Date
Subscribe
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Seed and Spark Instagram link
Seed and Spark Facebook link
Seed and Spark Twitter link