See Green: York Web Design and Development Company The See Green office is now closed, and the team will be back on January 5th, 2025 . Wishing you a wonderful Christmas and a very happy New Year! Link to Facebook Link to Instagram hello@seegreen.uk 01904 500500 Home How We Help Websites Online Systems Hosting Communications Our Work About Us Vacancies Contact Home How We Help + Websites Online Systems Hosting Communications Our Work + Biorenewables Development Centre Priory Medical Group RSPCA Bloomsbury Baptist Church Rudgate Brewery Angel Shed Theatre York Maze Bookaroo Burgess Diagnostics York Mind RFCA Leeds Community Healthcare The Blue Lion Freedom Festival Baba Ganoush That Company Called If Dot Dot Pet Care WCCTV Perfect Paws Musical Connections About Us Vacancies Contact A proud Yorkshire-based agency developing hard working digital solutions Based in the beautiful city of York, See Green is a digital development firm that specialises in digital solutions for you and your business. We create beautifully designed websites to help you run your business and offer technological solutions to boost your business development. We fly the flag for Yorkshire whilst working with customers around the UK and beyond. Start a conversation Start a conversation What we do Websites Design & Development Ecommerce Websites Support & Maintenance Find out more Online Systems Custom Integrations Management Systems CRMs Find out more Hosting Web Hosting Domain Management SSL certificates Find out more Communications Phone Systems Internet Connectivity Google Workspace Find out more Portfolio Since 2008 we've worked with hundreds of businesses and organisations, and with no two having exactly the same needs. We spend time at the start of each and every project establishing the full suite of requirements bespoke to our customers. Take a look at just some of our previous website work, and get in touch to arrange an introductory call. Bookaroo Read more Priory Medical Group Read more Bloomsbury Baptist Church Read more Rudgate Brewery Read more RSPCA Read more WCCTV Read more View all projects Websites & eCommerce At See Green we have a real passion for developing intuitive and engaging websites that help your business or organisation to succeed. We consider your audiences, when they’re likely to be engaging with you and what your key messages and calls to action are. We consider accessibility, responsiveness and user journey for each and every website project. Grow your online business CRMs and Data Management More than websites, we have worked with a range of businesses on CRMs and internal systems - if it works online, we can build it. We have developed game-changing systems for companies of all sizes that really help manage their day-to-day business. We take a deep dive into what your business needs are, and how technology can help with those pinch points. Make your data work for you Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Connectivity and Telephony One size doesn’t fit all. We provide expert advice that speaks to your needs now and in the future. From straightforward internet connectivity for a single premises, to managed wide area networks and VPN, we can guide you through your options. We’ll find you the best solution from the major infrastructure providers Openreach, Virgin, CityFibre and KCOM, and then we’ll proactively manage your connectivity to optimise connections to key business systems. Start a conversation Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Our clients We've researched, planned, developed, tested and pressed the button on website and digital projects for hundreds of clients. Take a look at just some of the great businesses and organisations we've helped and get in touch to find out how we can work with you. Get in touch Decades of industry experience See Green is a small and beautifully formed Yorkshire web development agency led by Technical Director Dan Taylor. We're a skilled bunch here at See Green: a mix of front end and back end designers and developers, with great project management to boot. We're experts in all things digital, and we just love to help our clients succeed online; we won’t wave goodbye once we press the button Get in touch to have a chat with us about how we can help your business or organisation. Let's chat Our partners Our accreditations speak for themselves - when you work with See Green you're working with a professional agency that takes quality seriously. From systems to help you at work, to domain registrations, security and payment gateways, we ensure we work with the best - after all, if a job's worth doing, it's worth doing right. Reviews View all 60 reviews Charlotte and the team at See Green have been great right from the beginning to going live and with further support since. They are always quick to respond to any issues and were really helpful when providing the training needed to assist us in editing the site going forward. We would highly recommend See Green for any website project you may have.
Thanks Again! Ask Scaffolding Ltd From our initial conversation through to the launch of my website, See Green have been excellent.

They understood my needs, were incredibly patient and professional and explained everything in simple terms.  Every interaction has been a pleasure and I do not hesitate to recommend their services. Will Clement The Vernacular Architecture Group engaged See Green in 2022 to build a new website based on an illustrated architectural glossary. The team were professional, efficient and approachable, and were a pleasure to work with from start to finish. They understood our requirements and produced an excellent website which looks good and is easy to use. The ongoing customer service is brilliant. I thoroughly recommend them and would have no hesitation is using them again if the opportunity arises! Lorraine Moor It has been a pleasure to work with the See Green team. It was quite a journey from initial draft concepts to the final site but I am really pleased with the results. All feedback was taken in their stride and the site is the result of a truly collaborative effort. I also love how straightforward the CMS is. I would definitely work with See Green again. Tobias Lumb See Green are a great company to work with. They built a really user-friendly CMS for our charity and added features to make our new website really visual, informative and easy to navigate. The team were really great to work with and always on hand to support, answer questions and make changes.

Thank you from the Huntington's Disease Association! Jordan Barbrooke Latest 31st October 2025 AI vs Web Builders vs Web Developers Ever wondered about AI, Web builders or Web developers? Your website should be a  reflection of your business and goals. We recommend being informed before making a decision! Read more 28th October 2025 5 reasons your website is not standing out From poor user experience or unengaging content, evaluating these aspects can help identify and resolve the problems preventing your website from achieving its goals. Read more 5th May 2023 See Green goes carbon neutral We recently had solar panels installed at See Green - April marked the first month that we generated more electircity than we used! Read more What our clients say "It has been a really enjoyable experience working with See Green from the initial concept meeting to our brand new website going ‘live’. A great job - thank you See Green!" Gary Mclafferty, North of England RFCA "Having worked with See Green for a number of years on various website projects, I cannot recommend them enough. The team are quick to respond to any queries and their wealth of knowledge and professionalism is top notch." Gary Welford, IF We have worked with See Green for several years. There is nothing these guys can't do! They have built our company some great software. As a company they have come up with solutions I hadn't even thought about. Extremely knowledgeable and would highly recommend. Kevin Davies, Seamless Software See things differently Start your project We'd love to chat through your digital project, so drop us a line to discuss what you need, we'd love to work with you! hello@seegreen.uk 01904 500500 Turing House, 2 Marsden Park York, YO30 4WX hello@seegreen.uk Support Service updates Website support Quick links About us Blog Contact See Green Media Ltd. See Green Systems Ltd. © 2025 See Green | Nominet Member See Green Media Ltd . Company registered in England and Wales No: 06544298 See Green Systems Ltd. Company registered in England and Wales No: 10025412 Privacy Accessibility Cookies Terms and conditions Site map