Support
Log in
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
Resources
Sign Up
See how it works
The leading customer data platform, powered by AI

Twilio Segment brings together clean, consented customer data for real-time insights so you can know each individual like they are your only customer.

Get a demo
Create a free account
Enrich customer profiles

Build and automatically enrich identity-resolved profiles with every new interaction to better predict and provide relevant customer experiences in real time.

Unify & enrich your data
Activate customer data

Our 700+ pre-built connectors make it fast and easy to get all the data you need into unified customer profiles—and activate those profiles to power the tools you use.

Activate your data
Optimize ad spend

Make it easy for marketers to activate first-party data and use AI to build more predictive, precise, and personalized ads that drive conversions and lower customer acquisition costs.

Increase your ROAS
Boost cross-sell and upsell

Use AI to anticipate customer needs and recommend the right item to the right customers at the best time for conversion to drive repeat sales.

Increase Customer Value
A CDP that works hard for every team, backed by enterprise-grade infrastructure
Data engineers

Segment’s libraries, automatic sources, and functions collect data from anywhere—hundreds of thousands of times per second—so you can move it where you need it.

Segment for engineers
Marketers

Know your customers through rich profiles and use AI to anticipate their needs and create personalized campaigns that improve ROI.

Segment for marketers
Product managers

Get a complete view of your customers for better personalization, conversion optimization, and predictive recommendations.

Segment for product

Join the 25,000+ companies using the Segment platform

Provide 1:1 interactions at scale with AI
Generative AI
Predictive AI
AI-ready data
Security and privacy
Generative AI

Create targeted audiences and launch personalized customer journeys within minutes using simple text prompts.

Explore AI Solutions
Activate warehouse data with a CDP that’s powerful yet flexible

Twilio Segment makes it easy for data teams to prepare, enrich, and activate existing data in the warehouse, so marketers can move fast with personalized communication.

12,696

unique events tracked**

12.1 Trillion

API calls processed in 2023**

Keep your data where it is

With a zero copy architecture that treats the warehouse as a source of truth, you can make event streams, product information, and entity data open to any team and application.

Get extensibility without complexity

Build, deploy, and scale on a platform that easily integrates with your tech stack so you can quickly adapt to changing customer needs while maintaining data privacy.

Enhance every experience with warehouse data

Enrich and unlock customer profiles across your organization with real-time data and predictive AI to make every customer interaction more impactful.

Explore Reverse ETL
View docs
Integrations

700+ pre-built integrations that you can enable with the flip of a switch.

Explore integrations

 

 

 

 

The world’s leading brands are powered by Twilio Segment

From startups to global enterprises, see what businesses have achieved with the Twilio Segment customer data platform.

"We lean heavily on Segment today to identify our consumers and their profile traits, what makes them them, and what kind of journey they are on. So, being able to have that integration with Twilio to be able to send communications to users based on their journey status is a pivotal piece of bringing those magic moments to life."

Tory Brady
Associate Vice President, Product, Engineering & Data at Allergan Data Labs
400M+
in sales driven in 2021 YTD by direct-to-consumer (DTC)
Read their story
The Customer Data Platform Report 2025

Get insights into how businesses like yours are leveraging their CDPs to drive better engagement, smarter personalization, and more efficient data strategies.

Read it here
See Twilio Segment in action

Learn how you can start connecting your data with Twilio Segment. Explore our plans to find the one that’s right for your team.

View interactive demo
Pricing

* Statistics from 6/30/22 - 6/30/23

See how it works
Products
Connections
Protocols
Unify
Twilio Engage
Customer Data Platform
Integrations Catalog
Pricing
Security
GDPR
For Developers
Documentation
Segment API
Build on Segment
Open Source
Engineering Team
Company
Careers
Blogs
Press
Events
Podcast
Data Hub
Support
Help Center
Contact us
Resources
Recipes
Professional Services
Security Bulletins
Documentation
Release Notes
Become a Partner
Guide to Customer Data Platforms
© 2024 Twilio Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Service