Home – SEIA Our Work Our Work Our Work Our Work What We Do Education Research Partnerships Advocacy Who We Support Solar Industry Corporations Policymakers Media Job Seekers Consumers Achievements SEIA has earned numerous awards for its work and company culture and was named. The association was named a Top Workplace for two years in a row by the Washington Post, and earned a Best Nonprofit to Work For award by the Nonprofit Times. Learn More -> Topics Topics Topics Managing Growth Workforce Development Land Use & Solar Development Circular Economy Consumer Protection Codes & Standards Standards Development Reliability SolarRecycle.org Trade, Technology & Manufacturing Supply Chain & Trade Energy Storage Cybersecurity Domestic Manufacturing About Solar Energy Climate & Equity Climate Change Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Expanding Solar Access Environmental Justice Federal, State & Regulatory Policy Rooftop Solar Utility-Scale Solar Community Solar Regulatory Policy Tax Policy State Policy News News News News Center Press Releases Blogs Stories Resources Blog 25 Ways Solar and Storage Met Critical Energy Demands in 2025 Despite major policy changes and regulatory roadblocks, solar and energy storage have provided power when communities needed it most.  In homes, schools, hospitals, and shelters, solar and storage are delivering real cost savings and greater energy resilience to every corner of the country.   Here are the ... Press Releases Solar Industry Statement on New Jersey’s Passage of Smart Solar Permitting Bill to Lower Costs, Protect Consumers TRENTON, NJ — Today, the New Jersey Senate passed A-5264, a bill to streamline and modernize the process for permitting residential solar energy systems. The law takes effect immediately. Following is a statement from ... Connect With Us Connect With Us Connect With Us Membership SEIA at RE+ Events Sponsorships Webinars Podcast Newsletter Resources App Follow SEIA Follow SEIA on social media to get the latest solar and storage updates About Us About Us About Us About SEIA History Staff Contact Careers Member Directory Board of Directors About SEIA The Solar Energy Industries Association® (SEIA) is leading the transformation to a clean energy economy. SEIA works with its 1,200 member companies and other strategic partners to fight for policies that create jobs in every community and shape fair market rules that promote competition and the growth of reliable, low-cost solar power. Founded in 1974, SEIA is the national trade association for the solar and solar + storage industries, building a comprehensive vision for the Solar+ Decade through research, education and advocacy. Member Portal Get Involved Search Search Solar Capacity has Third Largest Quarter on Record The U.S. solar industry installed 11.7 gigawatts (GW) of new capacity in Q3 2025, marking the industry’s third-largest quarter on record and pushing total installations this year past 30 GW. Learn More energy leaderships Join SEIA Today SEIA embodies the innovation and entrepreneurship that defines solar energy. Join SEIA today to make a difference in the future of clean energy. Join SEIA energy leaderships Accelerating U.S. Energy Storage SEIA is the leading advocate for the buildout of energy storage at all scales to drive a more reliable and affordable electric grid. Learn More energy leaderships American Energy Dominance Maintaining America's federal clean energy policies is critical to ensuring that American workers lead the global clean energy economy. Act Now energy leaderships Solar Market Insight Report Crucial Data and Analysis from the Industry Join Make a Difference in the Future of Clean Energy Initiative Accelerating U.S. Energy Storage Take Action American Energy Dominance is the U.S. Priority Solar Market Insight Report Crucial Data and Analysis from the Industry Join Make a Difference in the Future of Clean Energy Initiative Accelerating U.S. Energy Storage Take Action American Energy Dominance is the U.S. Priority who we are Our Vision Our vision is to represent an industry that will be the single largest source of new energy generation over the next decade and to grow as the national voice of a larger, more unified and more diverse industry. GIGAWATTS 0 Amount of solar currently installed in the U.S. WORKERS 0 Number of people currently employed by the U.S. solar industry INVESTMENTS $ 0 B Value of the U.S. solar energy market in 2024 HOUSEHOLDS 0 M Number of homes that can be powered with U.S. solar energy capacity TOPICS Initiatives and Advocacy SEIA is the voice of the solar industry, advocating for the protection and expansion of the U.S. solar market. We represent the entire industry, from small business owners to large, publicly traded companies. Managing Growth SEIA works to remove potential barriers to solar growth and develop strategies to manage land use, recycling, and workforce development. Learn More -> Trade, Technology & Manufacturing The solar industry develops cutting-edge technology and is part of a fast-growing global marketplace. Learn More -> Climate & Equity SEIA works every day to promote an equitable transition to a clean energy future and ensure the benefits of solar energy are available to all communities. Learn More -> Federal, State & Regulatory Policy SEIA is engaged with policymakers to establish a competitive solar market and offer cost-competitive, reliable energy to consumers. Learn More -> featured Solar Means Business Companies across the United States are investing in record-levels of solar and energy storage to power their operations. Read the full report and see where America’s top brands rank among the biggest users of solar and energy storage. Read More -> EXPLAINED: The Clean Energy Provisions in the “One Big Beautiful Bill.” On July 4, President Trump signed the “One Big Beautiful Bill.” The bill makes steep cuts to solar energy and places new restrictions on energy tax credits that will slow the deployment of residential and utility-scale solar while undermining the growth of U.S. manufacturing. SEIA has outlined the high-level policy changes below. Read More -> Solar and Storage Supply Chain Dashboard With this map, you can filter by product type and facility status, as well as create a drive-time radius from any map point to explore geographic distances to potential customers or suppliers. Read More -> Member Resource: Federal Tax Guide for Solar Energy SEIA produced the original “Federal Tax Guide for Solar Energy” nearly a decade ago, and has continued to maintain and update this resource in an effort to ensure that the industry will make responsible and best use of the solar tax incentives. Version 10.0 of the tax manual is now available for members to access. Read More -> latest news All News -> News and Stories December 26, 2025 25 Ways Solar and Storage Met Critical Energy Demands in 2025 Despite major policy changes and regulatory roadblocks, solar and energy storage have provided power when communities needed it most.  In homes, schools, hospitals, and she... Read More -> December 18, 2025 Solar Industry Statement on New Jersey’s Passage of Smart Solar Permitting Bill to Lower Costs, Protect Consumers TRENTON, NJ — Today, the New Jersey Senate passed A-5264, a bill to streamline and modernize the process for permitting residential solar energy systems. The law takes effect immediately. Followi... Read More -> December 18, 2025 SEIA Statement on House Passage of SPEED Act WASHINGTON D.C. — Following is a statement from Abigail Ross Hopper, president and CEO of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA), on the passage of the Standardizing Permitting and Expedi... Read More -> December 11, 2025 REPORT: Solar and Storage Could Provide More than $313 Million per Year in Consumer Savings by 2030, Cut Gas Use, and Strengthen Winter Reliability BOSTON and WASHINGTON, D.C. — A new report released today from Synapse Energy Economics for the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) finds that continued growth of solar and energy storage ... Read More -> December 10, 2025 Solar Energy Industries Association Names Darren Van’t Hof as Interim President and CEO WASHINGTON, D.C. — Today the Solar Energy Industries Association’s (SEIA) board of directors named Darren Van’t Hof as the association’s interim president and CEO, effective January 20, 202... Read More -> get involved All Events -> Upcoming Events Explore SEIA's upcoming premiere events, RE+ shows, and other industry events. Webinar - January 14, 2026, 2pm - 3pm ET Being the Best Series: Financing Projects, Introducing TPO Products, and Accessing Capital You are invited to join our webinar on January 14, 2025 at 2:00pm ET! The webinar will feature solar industry and finance experts to share their insight on navigating the 25D transition through str... Read More -> Webinar - January 21, 2026, 11am - 12pm ET Cybersecurity for America’s Solar Future: Threats, Readiness, and Regulatory Compliance for Solar + Battery Storage Operators Read More -> RE+ Events - February 3 - 5, 2026 RE+ Northeast Read More -> Webinar - January 14, 2026, 2pm - 3pm ET Being the Best Series: Financing Projects, Introducing TPO Products, and Accessing Capital Webinar - January 21, 2026, 11am - 12pm ET Cybersecurity for America’s Solar Future: Threats, Readiness, and Regulatory Compliance for Solar + Battery Storage Operators RE+ Events - February 3 - 5, 2026 RE+ Northeast Never Miss an Update Sign up for the SEIA Weekly Array to get the latest solar and storage news straight to your inbox Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * First Last Email * Page Name URL Submit Energy Leadership Leading the Transformation to a Clean Energy Economy address Solar Energy Industries Association 1425 K Street, NW, Suite 1000 Washington, D.C. 20005 contact Phone 202-682-0556 Email [email protected] © 2025 Solar Energy Industries Association. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Antitrust Policy