Selenium Selenium logo green About About Selenium Structure and Governance Events Ecosystem History Get Involved Sponsors Sponsor Us Downloads Documentation Projects Support Blog English Português (Brasileiro) 中文简体 日本語 Registrations Open for SeleniumConf 2026 | May 06–08 | Join Us In-Person! Register now! Selenium automates browsers. That's it! What you do with that power is entirely up to you. Primarily it is for automating web applications for testing purposes, but is certainly not limited to just that. Boring web-based administration tasks can (and should) also be automated as well. Getting Started Selenium WebDriver Selenium WebDriver If you want to create robust, browser-based regression automation suites and tests, scale and
distribute scripts across many environments, then you want to use Selenium WebDriver, a
collection of language specific bindings to drive a browser - the way it is meant to be driven. Read more Selenium IDE Selenium IDE If you want to create quick bug reproduction scripts, create scripts to aid in automation-aided
exploratory testing, then you want to use Selenium IDE; a Chrome, Firefox and Edge add-on that
will do simple record-and-playback of interactions with the browser. Read more Selenium Grid Selenium Grid If you want to scale by distributing and running tests on several machines and manage multiple
environments from a central point, making it easy to run the tests against a vast combination of
browsers/OS, then you want to use Selenium Grid. Read more Development Partners Selenium Level Sponsors News Ending Support for Python 3.9 Wednesday, October 08, 2025 By Corey Goldberg ( @cgoldberg ) Selenium is ending support for Python 3.9 in the Python WebDriver language bindings Read More A Curious Case of Selenium Manager Usage: What's Behind Chrome 127.0.6533.99? Sunday, September 14, 2025 By Boni García ( @boni_gg ) Telemetry from Selenium Manager revealed an unusual pattern: over 28 million users are locked to Chrome version 127.0.6533.99. We explore this anomaly and its possible links to security or privacy. Read More Selenium 4.35 Released! Tuesday, August 12, 2025 By Diego Molina @diemol Today we’re happy to announce that Selenium 4.35 has been released! Read More More news Support the Selenium Project Learn more or view the full list of sponsors. Learn more Donate to Selenium through Open Collective © 2025 Software Freedom Conservancy All Rights Reserved About Selenium