Self | Build Credit, Build Savings and Access Cash Log In Products Self Credit Builder Loan Self Visa ® Credit Card Rent and Bills Reporting Self Cash Benefits Build Your Credit Reporting Your Rent Build Your Savings Increase Spending Power Pricing Reviews About Self All About Credit How To Build Credit Types of Credit Scores What Is A Credit Builder Loan Personal Finance Blog Learn About Credit Finance Guides & Data Support 1 (877) 883-0999 Get started JavaScript must be enabled To fully experience our website, please enable JavaScript on your web browser. Your credit building toolkit. Start the path to financial freedom. Enter your email Get started with Self Grow your score See a 47 point* average lift in your credit score with a Credit Builder Account. Easy to get, powerful to use Increase your spending power with Self secured Credit Card. No credit check, high approval rates, fast application! Build credit fast Report on time rent to all 3 bureaus, so you build credit while living life 4.9 /5 275k ratings 4.5 /5 86.5k ratings The place for credit builders members As featured in: Build savings while building credit Build savings & credit with Self’s Credit Builder Account — plus, lift up your credit by reporting rent and bills. Learn more Turn everyday purchases into credit history. Self’s secured and unsecured credit cards help you easily build credit. Reports to all 3 credit bureaus, apply in minutes! Learn more Keep life moving – money for when you need it Stay in control! Self Cash helps with unexpected expenses without hurting your credit goals. Learn More Hear results from real people What people are saying Self has helped improve my credit a lot and has taught me so much about financial literacy. It’s a growing and learning experience, I appreciate this app so much! – Bry † One of the things Self has helped me with is rebuilding my credit score and my credit score has gone up tremendously. – Tania † About to go to lunch …. I’m gonna use my trusted Self Credit card to pay for my meal. I still have a savings account building up, and I’m building my credit using my Self card. – Justin † Learn more about credit building The 3 Main Types of Credit Explained Here's How Rent Reporting Can Help Build Your Credit 7 Ways to Build Credit When You Have No Credit History Frequently asked questions What is Self? How does Self build credit? Which Self product is right for me? How does Self affect my credit score? Ready to take control of your credit? Enter your email Get started with Self Learn More What is Self? Pricing Trust & Security Support Reviews How to build credit About About us Careers Investors Press Site map Affiliate Privacy | Cookies | Terms | Mobile Wallet Terms | Compliance | Card Agreements Customer support: 1 (877) 883-0999 7am-6pm CT, Monday-Friday, or via chat 8am-5pm CT, Saturday-Sunday Self Credit LLC NMLS ID# 2167345 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access