Semafor - An intelligent, transparent global news platform for breaking stories, analysis and video Events Email Briefings Home Politics Business Technology Energy Gulf Africa Security Media CEO Signal Semafor World Economy Events Email Briefings Podcast About Speakers Bureau Careers Privacy © 2025 Semafor Inc. Home Politics Business Technology Energy Gulf Africa Security Media CEO Signal Semafor World Economy Events Email Briefings Podcast About Speaker Bureau Careers Privacy © 2025 Semafor Inc. D.C. BXL Lagos Riyadh Beijing SG Events Email Briefings Intelligence for the New World Economy D.C. BXL Lagos Riyadh Beijing SG Intelligence for the New World Economy Home Politics Business Technology Energy Gulf Africa Security Media CEO Signal Semafor World Economy Events Email Briefings Podcast About Speakers Bureau Careers Privacy © 2025 Semafor Inc. Home Politics Business Technology Energy Gulf Africa Security Media CEO Signal Semafor World Economy Trump, Zelenskyy claim progress on Ukraine talks Zelenskyy said that US security guarantees were “100% agreed” and hailed the “great achievements” reached in the meeting. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Semafor Business’ 2026 Bingo Card A list of our predictions for 2026, let’s see how many we get right. Semafor Business’ 2026 Bingo Card A list of our predictions for 2026, let’s see how many we get right. View / The global race for electrons is just beginning Tim McDonnell View / M&A is cleaning the decks for AI Liz Hoffman The World at a Glance Updated 7:22am EST 1 Meta agreed to buy the AI startup Manus , marking the latest in a string of major mergers and acquisitions. 2 Washington reportedly offered Kyiv a 15-year security guarantee , a far cry from the half-century sought by Ukraine. 3 The US military struck a Venezuelan dock, in Washington’s first attack on the South American country’s mainland. 4 Saudi Arabia bombed a port in Yemen , an operation it said targeted a UAE-backed separatist group. 5 Iranians clashed with police in Tehran for a second day over the country’s collapsing economy. 6 African currencies outperformed in 2025, off the back of a commodities boom and rising stability. What media leaders got wrong in 2025 We asked top reporters, editors, Substackers, and executives from around the world what they missed this year. China sanctions US defense firms over Taiwan deal Northrop Grumman, a Boeing production unit, and the founder of Anduril Industries were among Beijing’s targets. Ann Wang/Reuters Sign up for Semafor Flagship The daily global news briefing you can trust. Every Weekday Read it now . Email address Sign up for free Sign in Already subscribed? Sign in and we won’t show you this message again. Take me back to the news Abu Dhabi’s renewable giant Masdar expands into Malaysia Once complete, it will be the largest floating solar plant in Southeast Asia, able to power more than 100,000 homes. Daniel Cole/Reuters Kyiv signals openness to demilitarized zones as peace concession Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signaled he was open to withdrawing troops and establishing demilitarized zones in the country’s east. Stringer/Reuters AD Prince Alwaleed nears $400 million deal for Saudi soccer team The Saudi billionaire is close to buying a 75% stake in Riyadh club Al Hilal from the kingdom’s sovereign wealth fund. Stringer/Reuters US authorities release new tranche of Epstein files The release of a new tranche of files related to Jeffrey Epstein will only add to Americans’ confusion and division over the late sex offender and his ties to Donald Trump and other elite figures, analysts said. U.S. Justice Department/Handout via Reuters Trump, Zelenskyy discuss Ukraine peace plan in Florida Neither leader offered evidence of a major breakthrough over the Ukraine peace plan after their meeting in Mar-a-Lago on Sunday. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Sign up for Semafor Flagship The daily global news briefing you can trust. Every Weekday Read it now . Email address Sign up for free Sign in Already subscribed? Sign in and we won’t show you this message again. Take me back to the news CURIO Sotheby’s auction to feature ‘spiritual mother of contemporary Saudi art’ The auction house’s successful debut in Saudi Arabia pulled in $17.28 million. Courtesy of Sotheby’s Flagship The daily global news briefing you can trust. Every Weekday Read it Washington, DC What the White House is reading. every weekday morning Read it Business The stories (& the scoops) from Wall Street. 2x per week Read it Technology What’s next in the new era of tech. 2x per week Read it Energy The nexus of politics, tech, and energy. 2x per week Read it Gulf Navigating the region’s capital, influence, and power. 3x per week Read it China Intelligence on the global realignment. Coming soon. 1x/Week Africa A rapidly-growing continent’s crucial stories. 3x per week Read it Americana An insider’s guide to American power. 1x per week Read it Media Media’s essential read. 1x per week Read it Sign up for our email briefings. Email address Sign Up 2 briefings selected Politics Trump ally wins Honduras’ long-drawn presidential election Nasry Asfura has vowed to cut ties with Beijing and restore relations with Taiwan. Nasry Asfura. Leonel Estrada/File Photo/Reuters France cuts immigration amid rising far-right support The move is the latest by Western nations as they look to clampdown on immigration amid growing support for far-right parties. Stephanie Lecocq/Reuters US denies EU citizens visas over social media ‘censorship’ The US secretary of state called the EU nationals “radical activists… targeting American speakers and American companies.” Thierry Breton. Yves Herman/Reuters. US Supreme Court blocks Chicago troop deployment The White House had said the troops were necessary to fight crime, but city officials objected. Trump’s new special envoy tasked with annexing Greenland The Danish-controlled territory is a source of key minerals, and Trump has repeatedly said he wants the US to take control of it. Sacks, Witkoff could face ethics probe over UAE deals The Trump officials’ involvement in a decision to allow export of advanced US-made chips to the UAE has come under scrutiny from Democrats. Budget chair Graham plots next Republican party-line bill Graham said it would be “political malpractice” not to do another reconciliation bill. The 2025 media lesson: Talk to everyone Washington figures retreat into friendly media bubbles at their peril. Congress eyes hearings on Warner Bros. Discovery battle — but nothing binding There’s little prospect for passage of any legislation that might affect Netflix’s or Paramount’s bids in time. Turning Point USA conference shows deepening divisions on US right A conference featuring some of the US’ most prominent conservative figures revealed an American right marred by divisions over its future. US issues tough demands over Canada-Mexico trade deal The remarks by the US’ top trade official will buoy Mexican and Canadian officials, after Donald Trump suggested he may allow the deal to lapse. Business Semafor Business’ 2026 Bingo Card A list of our predictions for 2026, let’s see how many we get right. Cold-storage giant Americold fields private equity interest Multiple bidders, including EQT and iSquared, are interested in buying Americold’s European businesses. Nvidia buys AI chip startup Groq for $20 billion The semiconductor giant will hire all of Groq’s top staff and license the firm’s AI technology. M&A is cleaning the decks for AI As we close the books on 2025, here are two data points to consider: Gold hit a record high and corporate mergers came very close to one. Gold doubles as investors rush to safety In addition to retail boosters, central banks have turned to gold as a replacement for US dollars. Technology Meta to buy startup Manus, the latest deal in an AI M&A surge Meta’s purchase is significant for being among the biggest deals in which a US company has bought into the Chinese AI ecosystem. Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo/Reuters Accountancy exams go in-person as AI cheating soars The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants said that cheats were “outpacing” safeguards. Chris Helgren/Reuters Nvidia buys AI chip startup Groq for $20 billion The semiconductor giant will hire all of Groq’s top staff and license the firm’s AI technology. The 2025 tech predictions that came true, and ones that surprised us This year marked many tech developments that Semafor saw coming, but there were a few we missed in this honest wrap-up. Corporate debt issuance nears record highs on AI investment The $1.7 trillion in bond issuances fell short only of 2020’s pandemic-fueled rush, with 30% of it related to AI. China dials back robocar ambitions after deadly crash News of the high-speed crash in March, unlike previous incidents, evaded Beijing’s censors and spread widely. Energy Copper price to hit record high amid shortage worries Copper’s value comes from its critical role in the energy transition: Powering EVs, the AI boom, and the shift from fossil fuels to renewables. Evgenia Novozhenina/Reuters Nuclear fusion executives welcome Trump Media merger The planned merger between nuclear fusion startup TAE Technologies and Trump Media raised some concerns about conflicts of interest. Nathan Howard/Reuters Japan to reopen world’s largest nuclear reactor Kashiwazaki-Kariwa was one of 54 reactors shuttered after the 2011 earthquake that triggered the Fukushima nuclear meltdown. Issei Kato/Reuters Gulf Abu Dhabi boardrooms more open to AI oversight than Fortune 100 Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund Mubadala increasingly relies on AI to screen deals, make investment decisions and, ultimately, sell its own tech products. Nvidia handout/Reuters Corporate debt sales rose in 2025 as Gulf increasingly turns to borrowing Overall around $207 billion worth of bonds and sukuk have been issued this year, according to Kamco Invest. Saudi Arabia bombs Yemen port amid rift with UAE Riyadh and Abu Dhabi back opposing forces in Yemen. Bahrain taps SandboxAQ to modernize cybersecurity The Palo Alto-based AI firm is partnering with Bahrain’s National Cyber Security Center to deploy its software across some 60 government bodies. Abu Dhabi’s renewable giant Masdar expands into Malaysia Once complete, it will be the largest floating solar plant in Southeast Asia, able to power more than 100,000 homes. Africa African currencies among best performers in 2025 The stellar year was driven by soaring commodity prices and rising economic stability. Mike Hutchings/Illustration/Reuters Guinea election expected to cement autocrat’s rule Mamady Doumbouya, who seized power in a coup in 2021, is predicted to win a seven-year term, cementing the autocrat’s rule in the West African nation. Souleymane Camara/Reuters Touadéra set to extend his term as president of the Central African Republic The incumbent looks likely to win another five year term despite slowing growth and a worsening security situation. African Cup of Nations shifts to 4-year cycle The move will align the tournament with European sporting calendars after years of complaints from clubs. Ghana approves bill to legalize the use of cryptocurrencies Crypto is increasingly popular among digitally savvy consumers and businesses on the continent trying to hedge against currency volatility. Trump withdraws US ambassadors to Africa Washington has removed top-level representatives in more than half the countries of sub-Saharan Africa. Security US, Ukraine differ on proposals for peace deal guarantees The US reportedly offered Ukraine a 15-year security guarantee as part of talks on Monday, far less than the half-century backing sought by Kyiv. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters US strikes Venezuelan dock in first attack on mainland President Donald Trump said US forces carried out a strike on a dockyard allegedly used by drug traffickers. Eva Marie Uzcategui/Reuters Russian troops take key Ukrainian town Siversk The capture eases Moscow’s advance to the cities of Kramatorsk and Sloviansk, part of Ukraine’s industrial belt. Alex Babenko/Reuters Media Audiobook growth contrasts with print Overall, sales of audio versions of books grew 1% in the year through October after rising more than 20% in 2024. Ahmed Saad/Reuters What media leaders got wrong in 2025 Reflections from media leaders around the world. What actually mattered in 2025, with Janice Min and Emily Sundberg The Ankler’s Min and FeedMe’s founder Sundberg join Mixed Signals for a candid roundtable lookback at a disorienting year in media. Paramount CEO’s father offers $40B backing for WBD takeover Larry Ellison’s intervention comes as competition heats up between Paramount and streaming giant Netflix to take over WBD. Trump and television divide CBS newsroom New top editor Bari Weiss’ explosive decision to pull a “60 Minutes” segment at the last minute has divided the newsroom. CEO Signal ‘AI is going to automate the ordinary’: Cindy Rose’s plan for ad giant WPP The admaker has fallen behind its peers, but the Microsoft veteran sees opportunity in disruption. Courtesy of WPP/Joey Pfeifer/Semafor ‘We’ve got work to do’: The new CEO aiming at an elevated Target Michael Fiddelke says a clearer focus and simpler messaging can return the retailer to growth. Courtesy of Target/Joey Pfeifer/Semafor How Lyft’s David Risher seized his ‘wet cement’ moment The CEO of the No. 2 in US ridesharing says there’s more to growth than catching ‘the other guys.’ Courtesy of Lyft/Joey Pfeifer/Semafor AD Intelligence for the New World Economy Home Politics Business Technology Energy Gulf Africa Security Media CEO Signal Semafor World Economy Events Email Briefings Podcast About Careers Speakers Bureau © 2025 Semafor Inc. Privacy