Semgrep App Security Platform | AI-assisted SAST, SCA and Secrets Detection Semgrep is recognized in the new Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Application Security Testing. Get the report. Learn more → Sign in Product support Contact us Products Products Code Find and fix the issues that matter in your code (SAST) Supply Chain Find and fix reachable dependency vulnerabilities (SCA) Secrets Find and fix hardcoded secrets with semantic analysis Platform Assistant Get triage and code fix recommendations from AI AppSec Platform Automate, manage, and enforce security across your organization Pro Engine Find more true positives and fewer false positives with dataflow analysis Featured Registry Find rules written by Semgrep and the community Playground Write and share rules using our online interactive tool Product Updates Stay up to date on changes to the Semgrep platform, big and small Solutions Solutions Secure Vibe Coding Secure your code, no matter who (or what) writes it. Software Supply Chain Security Mitigate software supply chain risks Static Application Security Testing Increase security while accelerating development OWASP Top 10 Prevent the most critical web application security risks Secure Guardrails Protect Your Code with Secure Guardrails Industries Fintech Ship faster, without compromising on security. SaaS & Cloud Secure SAST. Innovate Fast. Why Semgrep? vs. Snyk vs. Checkmarx vs. GitHub Community Edition Semgrep for developers Semgrep for Startups Resources Docs Want the docs? Start here Blog Get the latest news about Semgrep ROI Calculator See how Semgrep can save you time and money Community Slack Join the friendly Slack group to ask questions or share feedback Events Join us at a Semgrep Event! Case Studies See why users love Semgrep Customer Success Get help from Semgrep’s Customer Success team Video Library View our library of on-demand webinars Featured Comparison Semgrep vs. Snyk Learn how Semgrep improves accuracy, saves time, and delivers a superior developer experience. Blog AppSec guides, not gates: Introducing secure guardrails with Semgrep Release Explore the Autumn 2025 Release Highlights Discover powerful new Semgrep features shipped this season designed to help you secure code at scale. Company About The Semgrep story & values Careers Join the team! Partners Become a Semgrep partner Pricing Book demo Try for free Book demo Try for free Products Semgrep Code Find and fix the issues that matter in your code (SAST) Semgrep Supply Chain Find and fix reachable dependency vulnerabilities (SCA) Semgrep Secrets Find and fix hardcoded secrets with semantic analysis Semgrep Assistant Get triage and code fix recommendations from AI Semgrep AppSec Platform Automate, manage, and enforce security across your organization Semgrep Pro Engine Find more true positives and fewer false positives with dataflow analysis Product Updates Stay up to date on changes to the Semgrep platform, big and small Solutions Secure Vibe Coding Secure your code, no matter who (or what) writes it. Software supply chain security Mitigate software supply chain risks Static application security testing Increase security while accelerating development OWASP Top 10 Prevent the most critical web application security risks Secure Guardrails Protect Your Code with Secure Guardrails Fintech Mitigate software supply chain risks SaaS & Cloud Increase security while accelerating development Resources Docs Want to read all the docs? Start here Blog Get the latest news about Semgrep ROI Calculator See how Semgrep can save you time and money Community Slack Join the friendly Slack group to ask questions or share feedback Events Join us at a Semgrep Event! Case Studies See why users love Semgrep Video Library View our library of on-demand webinars Community Edition Company About The Semgrep story & values Careers Join the team! Partners Become a Semgrep partner Pricing Sign in Product support Contact us Book demo Try for free Meet Your New AI AppSec Engineer All the insights from static analysis. None of the false positives. Do more with Semgrep Assistant loved by leading engineering teams Developers trust findings from Semgrep Say goodbye to false positives Get findings you feel confident bringing to developers across SAST , SCA , and Secrets scanning Filter out the false positives that traditional SAST tools always flag with contextual, AI-powered noise filtering Reduce false positives in high/critical dependency vulnerabilities by up to 98% with dataflow reachability analysis Eliminate developer friction Automatically hide likely false positives from developers with AI powered noise filtering Give developers tailored remediation guidance + code fixes at scale with Semgrep Assistant Present findings and fixes to developers in their native workflows (PR comments, Jira, IDE) Easily operationalize and scale Get custom SAST without the customization - Assistant codifies security-relevant context based on human triage Programmatically eliminate OWASP Top Ten issues with policies, guardrails, and AI-powered fixes Automate routine triage and remediation with Assistant, so you can focus on scaling your AppSec program works with over 30+ frameworks and technologies Custom-tailored, without the customization Adaptable Whether you're an AppSec team of one, one thousand, or anywhere in between, Semgrep provides the exact capabilities you need without complex configuration . Extensible Semgrep runs anywhere you need it, from CLI to CI/CD. Findings can be surfaced in developer workflows, the Semgrep AppSec Platform, or in your existing tools via API. Transparent Semgrep was designed from the ground up with transparency as a foundational principle. From its simple, code-like rules to its AI capabilities, everything is visible and easy to troubleshoot . Ludicrously Fast Semgrep's median CI scan time is 10 seconds, and even advanced analyses run faster than a developer's commit-flow. " Getting developers aligned on a SAST product and having them actually use it is the hardest part of the job for an AppSec Engineer. We were able to achieve this with Semgrep Code. " Aleksandr Krasnov Staff Security Engineer, Thinkific " Figmates get actionable security feedback in their PRs, while rule analytics give security feedback on their effectiveness. The simple syntax lets us extend Semgrep to catch new [vulnerabilities], going from idea to live in an hour. " Dev Ahkawe Head of Security, Figma Shift left without the developer productivity tax. Book a demo Learn more Rob Picard Security Lead, Vanta " It's easy enough to write rules for Semgrep that security and other engineering teams use it to solve complex problems. This flexibility is a huge win, and the library of managed rules means we only have to write our own when we have custom problems. " Protect your code with secure guardrails Products Semgrep Code Semgrep Supply Chain Semgrep Secrets Semgrep Assistant Semgrep AppSec Platform Semgrep Pro Engine Solutions Software supply chain security Static application security testing OWASP Top 10 Secure Guardrails Resources Docs Pricing Blog Getting started with Semgrep Registry Playground ROI Calculator Book a demo Help Center Company About Careers Contact Stay up to date Subscribe to our newsletter © 2025 Semgrep, Inc. Semgrep is a registered trademark of Semgrep, Inc. Website terms · Privacy