Home | Sempra Skip to main content Investors Overview News & events Financials & filings Corporate governance Code of conduct Political engagement & contributions W9 tax forms Stock information Investor resources Careers Overview Open positions Benefits News Overview Media contacts Press releases Spotlight articles Email Alerts SRE: ( ) About Overview Growth platforms People Board of Directors Leadership team Meet our CEO Mission & values Performance Overview Financial performance High-performance culture Company culture Sustainability Sustainable financing Sustainability resource library Community giving Employee giving Recognition & awards Innovation Overview Our perspective LNG Texas History of innovation About Overview Growth platforms People Board of Directors Leadership team Meet our CEO Mission & values Performance Overview Financial performance High-performance culture Company culture Sustainability Sustainable financing Sustainability resource library Community giving Employee giving Recognition & awards Innovation Overview Our perspective LNG Texas History of innovation Investors Overview News & events Financials & filings Corporate governance Code of conduct Political engagement & contributions W9 tax forms Stock information Investor resources Careers Overview Open positions Benefits News Overview Media contacts Press releases Spotlight articles Email Alerts SRE: ( ) Powered by performance Our high-performance culture empowers teams to innovate and deliver results that shape a better future. LEARN MORE We are Sempra We believe we have an important role to play in the future of energy — helping to drive electrification and build stronger, more resilient energy systems in the communities we serve. As owners of one of the largest energy networks in North America, nearly 40 million consumers rely on Sempra for safe, reliable and affordable energy. Powering people With a high-performance culture, our people make great things possible. At the Sempra family of companies, we strive to do the right thing, we champion people and we shape the future. People Powering performance We’re building the energy networks of the future. Sempra is leading the way in defining and creating the energy infrastructure the world needs. Performance Powering progress We’re modernizing energy infrastructure by investing in new and next-generation technologies. Connecting technology, resiliency, and safety, we work with the dedication required to advance energy for all. Innovation Powering people With a high-performance culture, our people make great things possible. At the Sempra family of companies, we strive to do the right thing, we champion people and we shape the future. People Powering performance We’re building the energy networks of the future. Sempra is leading the way in defining and creating the energy infrastructure the world needs. Performance Powering progress We’re modernizing energy infrastructure by investing in new and next-generation technologies. Connecting technology, resiliency, and safety, we work with the dedication required to advance energy for all. Innovation Celebrating our people Our high-performance culture makes it possible for our family of companies to deliver energy with purpose, supporting and empowering the communities where we live and work. Every day, 20,000 talented employees show up with an unmatched passion for service to others, giving us confidence in our future and in our ability to continue advancing the transition to a cleaner world through safe, reliable energy. Find out more Special recognitions and publications Special recognition and publications 2024 Annual Report Sempra is powering potential. We're executing our disciplined growth strategy as we continue to improve the reliability and affordability of our services. VIEW REPORT VIEW REPORT America’s Most Responsible Companies Sempra has been named one of America’s Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek. 2025 marks our 6th year on this prestigious list. VIEW ALL AWARDS VIEW ALL AWARDS World's Best Companies Sempra has been named one of the World's Best Companies by TIME. VIEW ALL AWARDS VIEW ALL AWARDS World’s Most Admired Companies Sempra has been named one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune Magazine. 2025 marks our 5 th year on this prestigious list. VIEW ALL AWARDS VIEW ALL AWARDS Recent news 11/24/2025 Sempra recognized among 'America's Best Employers for Company Culture' by Forbes Read More 11/6/2025 Sempra Declares Common Dividend Read More 11/5/2025 Sempra Reports Third-Quarter 2025 Results Read More 10/15/2025 Sempra to Report Third-Quarter 2025 Earnings November 5 Read More 9/26/2025 Sempra to Participate in the Wolfe Research Utilities, Midstream & Clean Energy Conference 2025 Read More 9/23/2025 Sempra Announces Strategic Transactions Advancing Goal of Building Leading U.S. Utility Growth Business Read More More News Hide page title On About Performance Innovation Investors Careers News Contact About Performance Innovation Investors Careers News Contact Instagram instagram logo image Twitter Twitter logo image Linkedin Linkedin logo image Youtube youtube logo image © 2025 Sempra. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms and conditions Forward-looking statements Sitemap *As of December 31, 2024. Numbers may be approximate. **Project is under development or construction. The ability to complete major development and construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Sempra Infrastructure, Sempra Infrastructure Partners, Sempra Texas, Sempra Texas Utilities, Oncor and Infraestructura Energética Nova, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (IEnova) are not the same companies as the California utilities, SDG&E or SoCalGas, nor are they regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC).