Sencha - Enterprise ready JavaScript & Java UI Framework JS Days 2025 Replays are now live! Watch all sessions on-demand Watch Now 日本語 Support Docs Blog Contact Us Products Products Ext JS The JavaScript Framework Re Ext The React UI Components GXT The Java Framework Developers Developers Explore our wide range of documentation, tutorials, webinars, and case studies Deeper learning Upgrade Adviser Documentation Videos Forum Explore Resource Center Latest news and content The Sencha Blog Email client Skill Sprints React Time Tracker Getting Started with Ext JS Services Sencha advisory services Sencha Training Referral Program Support Support Get expert assistance for your development needs Support Center Support portal Legal Contact Us Feature Request Community StackOverflow Discord GitHub Pricing About About The latest news and updates from around the world Inside Sencha Our story News and media Careers Connect with Sencha Sencha MVP Become a partner OEM Quick links YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Ask Sencha AI New Free Trial Free Trial The Most Complete JS Grid UI Components JavaScript Framework in the World Build robust, high-performance applications with Ext JS and React . See demos Ext JS Re Ext Trusted by the world’s leading companies See how Real Capital Markets powers 50% of US commercial real estate sales using Ext JS. Watch the video Check out how Governance.io builds powerful governance and compliance app with Ext JS. Watch the video Learn how Icube automates transactions and improves operational efficiency with Ext JS. Read the customer spotlight Discover how Canadian Blood Services transformed a complex UI system with Ext JS. Watch the video The Enterprise-ready JavaScript UI Framework The top choice for developers building data-rich, modern web and mobile applications. Get Started Watch Video Front-end UI Components Upgrade Adviser CMD Themer ReExt Architect Test Inspector UI/UX Fiddle Rapid Ext JS IDE Plugins Why develop with Sencha Ext JS? Rich set of UI components Ext JS is a powerful UI framework that includes 140+ preintegrated high-performance components. These components make it easy to develop fast and consistent UIs for large data sets and come with built-in themes for easy usability. High productivity Save 100+ hours on component creation and maintenance. Accelerate coding, debugging, testing, and deployment with our powerful IDE and editor plugins and our UI toolkit. Build high-quality cross-platform HTML5 apps today. Faster time to market Eliminate cross-browser and platform testing. Build and ship web apps faster with preintegrated tools—Themer, Fiddle, Inspector, Architect, and Sencha Test. Superior design at your fingertips. Performance Experience lightning-fast data processing, over 300x faster than other vendors. The object-oriented approach and support for MVC and MVVM ensure developers can use their existing skills to develop apps faster. Secure framework Safeguard mission-critical apps. Our proprietary UI framework ensures safety and integrity, eliminating risks of open-source solutions. Build amazing apps with robust and reliable user interfaces. Platform & browser support Tested across a wide range of browsers and platforms (web, mobile, desktop) and adaptable to different screen sizes, Ext JS delivers a professional and consistent look for exceptional user experiences. See how ReExt components can be transformed into scalable, high-performing and production-ready React apps. Suma Campus Explore Suma Campus An EdApp built to simplify student placements in foreign universities. Manage courses, fees, eligibility, and student progress—all in one dashboard. Inventory Explore Inventory Streamline warehouse and stock management with this smart inventory app. Visualize assets, track supplies, and control movement in real time. Crypto Insights Explore Crypto Insights A crypto dashboard offering live data insights, currency tracking, and market analysis. Built to simplify digital asset monitoring ReStockFlow Explore ReStockFlow A dynamic inventory management app built with ReExt, offering rich data visualization and seamless control over stock tracking and operations. Financial Dashboard Explore Financial Dashboard Track KPIs, timelines, and key tasks in one powerful financial dashboard. Visualize data through charts and grids for smarter project decisions. Tired of unsecured open-source UI frameworks putting your business at risk? Learn the difference between proprietary and open-source JavaScript UI frameworks. We break down all the myths and misconceptions. Download your copy Unmatched Speed with Ext JS Data Grid Experience lightning-fast data handling with Ext JS data grid, capable of loading and manipulating massive data sets in milliseconds. Built for web and mobile applications, it ensures seamless performance on any modern device. See in action GXT: Your go-to web framework for Java development Our comprehensive Java framework, Sencha GXT, empowers you to build feature-rich HTML5 applications using Java and GWT. With its adaptive layouts and highly optimized cross-platform HTML5 code, you can enjoy the flexibility and efficiency you deserve. Start building Ready to dive in? Here’s how to get started building powerful apps with Sencha Demos and training Explore product demos , training resources, and extensive, well-structured documentation . Discover videos , tutorials , blogs , and examples of building UI components with the Kitchen Sink. Hassle-free licensing Simple and straightforward licenses include no hidden fees, guaranteed. Visit our store to learn more about Sencha licensing , authorized resellers , and OEM licensing . Compare options and easily renew licenses . Dedicated support Enjoy truly unlimited dedicated support with our support portal , Sencha forum (knowledge base), Community , and Discord channel . View demo Try it for free Your fully functional 30-day evaluation is just a simple click away. Download free trial What’s new Subscribe to Sencha Newsletter Inspire Me Privacy policy / Terms and conditions Products Ext JS ReExt GXT Sencha Test Stencils Service Professional Services Training Partners Advisory Services Store Buy Now Licensing Ordering Information Authorized Resellers Referral Program Developers Performance Benchmark Upgrade Adviser Resource Center Webinars Docs Examples Case Studies Ext JS Comparison Email Client Skill Sprints React Time Tracker Getting Started with Ext JS Company Overview Blog In the News Press Releases Careers MVPs Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy © 2025 SENCHA INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.