Sendlane: Unified Email, SMS, Reviews & Forms Explore Products Email Marketing SMS Marketing Reviews Forms Features Deep-Data Integrations Multi Channel Automations Multivariable Segmentation Real-Time Analytics Multivariate Testing Audiences Sendlane Beacon Resources Customer Stories Commerce Roundtable Events & Webinars eBooks & Guides The Sendlane Blog The Knowledge Base Partner with Sendlane Template Center Podcast Why Sendlane? Save Time Save Money Drive Sales Learn how you can unify your email, SMS, reviews and forms with Sendlane Request a Demo  Pricing Partners Log in Request a Demo  Smarter Email & SMS Drive more eComm sales with the platform built by merchants, for merchants. Request a Demo  TRUE UNIFICATION The retention revolution has arrived — you in? One login, one bill, one platform, one data hub, one team to support it all. EMAIL Take your customer journey to the next level with highly personalized, data-driven emails. SMS Tap into the potential of SMS and connect with your most valuable customers to boost LTV. FORMS Turn first-time visitors into paying customers with advanced forms that drive acquisition. Request a Demo  Smart support, human at the core. Our strategic support combines intelligent AI assistance with real human experts Connect with live specialists Monday through Friday during set business hours. And when we’re not online, AI-powered chat keeps you moving 24/7/365. Expect lightning-fast responses (often under 30 seconds!) and actionable insights, even on weekends and holidays. Request a Demo  HAPPY CUSTOMERS Find out why brands everywhere  are joining the High ROI Club Obvi Unifies Their Stack & Boosts Subscriber Value by 33% with Sendlane With Ron Shah Co-Founder & CEO 34% Of Total Revenue Attributed to Email 11% Average Click Through Rate Read More  80’s Tees Seamlessly Migrates to Sendlane & Boosts ROI by 127% With Dave Koziel Head of Marketing 127% Increase in ROI 100% Successful Deliverability Read More  Doe Beauty Trims Email Costs by 30% and Boosts Revenue by 23% Monthly with Sendlane With Jason Wong Founder 23% Average increase in email revenue month over month 56% Increase in AOV Read More  We’ll let the people do the talking for us Find out what the buzz is all about This is some text inside of a div block. This is some text inside of a div block. This is some text inside of a div block. This is some text inside of a div block. CENTRALIZED CUSTOMER DATA No more digging; unify your customer data for smarter, more strategic decisions From click rates and exact products purchased to revenue attribution and beyond, bring your data together across all your retention tools to drive your store performance. Request a Demo  MULTI-CHANNEL AUTOMATIONS Create personalized multi-channel experiences faster than you can read  this sentence Recover abandoned carts, send promotions, notify back-in-stocks, collect reviews and more. Everything you need to drive retention in one place. Request a Demo  INTEGRATIONS Join forces with your favorite business tools With our ever-growing list of integrations, you can do even more with your email marketing. See Integrations  Sendlane Resource Library Unlock your marketing automation powers with Sendlane’s helpful batch of resources. The Sendlane Blog Events eBooks & Guides eCommerce Academy Email Marketing SMS/MMS Marketing A New Era for Deliverability: Scaling the Core of Sendlane eCommerce 7 Consumer Shopping Trends to Inform Your Black Friday and Cyber Monday Strategies eCommerce How to Monitor Performance Using Revenue Attribution eCommerce How to Create Evergreen Content to Warm Up Customers Upcoming Events Commerce Roundtable San Diego Past Events Cracking The Code: Scalable Retention Strategies to Combat Rising CAC Webinar Summertime Sends: Email & SMS Campaigns for Hotter ROI Webinar Email & SMS: The Multi-Channel Approach for Driving Conversions, Engagement & Loyalty eBook The Definitive Guide to Abandoned Cart Emails for eCommerce eBook Increase Revenue and Retention by Mastering the Digital Customer Experience eBook The Ultimate Guide to Maximizing CLTV for Digital Retailers eBook The eCommerce Segmentation Handbook Email Email Marketing SMS SMS Marketing See Resources  See it for yourself Get in touch with one of our experts and take a personal tour of Sendlane. Request a Demo  Products Email Marketing SMS Marketing Reviews Forms Features Deep-Data Integrations Multivariable Segmentation Real-Time Analytics Multivariate Testing Audiences Sendlane Beacon Resources Customer Stories Commerce Roundtable Webinars & Events eBooks & Guides The Sendlane Blog The Knowledge Base Partner With Sendlane Template Center Podcast Compare Sendlane vs. Klaviyo Sendlane vs. Mailchimp Why Sendlane? Save Time Save Money Drive Sales About About Us Careers Pricing Legal Copyright © 2025, Sendlane — built in San Diego, CA Terms and Privacy Report Abuse Want to learn how Sendlane can save you 40% ‍ on your email and SMS bill? Request a Demo Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 