Senior Systems - It's more than technology About Products ERP HCM Segments Agribusiness Construction Industry Logistics Request a proposal About Products ERP HCM Segments Agribusiness Construction Industry Logistics Smart, global and results-oriented management AI-centric management technology to drive business growth. Request a proposal It’s more than technology. It’s Senior. We are Senior, a Brazilian multinational that combines smart technology, committed people, and concrete results. For nearly 40 years, we have been helping companies grow with safety, efficiency, and a forward-looking vision.
Our purpose is to empower people and boost businesses. That’s why more than 13,000 companies trust Senior to turn data into decisions, processes into performance, and challenges into opportunities. About us Those who lead choose Senior Request a proposal For each sector, solutions that go beyond From flexible ERP to strategic people management (HCM), we harness intelligent automation and applied AI to anticipate decisions, cut costs, and boost performance across sectors like: Industry Integrated solutions to optimize production processes and increase operational efficiency. Construction Comprehensive management of projects, budgets, and teams, with total control in real time. Agribusiness Technology to connect the field, cooperatives, and industry, driving greater productivity and traceability. Logistics Automates the logistics chain, enhances traceability, and reduces costs through applied intelligence. Everything your company’s management needs Technology that connects processes, anticipates decisions, and turns management into competitive advantage. All with embedded AI, from the very first click. ERP 100% cloud-native solution, with no add-ons and powered by AI Agents to enhance your management. HCM An integrated solution with data, automation, and artificial intelligence to manage the complete journey of managers as well as employees. TMS Automate transportation processes and gain full control over freight, contracts, and deliveries — all within a single platform. WMS Comprehensive warehouse management with real-time visibility, error reduction, and increased team productivity. YMS Organize the flow of vehicles and cargo in the yard with greater agility, safety, and operational efficiency. RSM Integrate physical security, operations, and third-party management with real-time data to protect your business, mitigate risks, and boost efficiency. First company in Brazil to embed generative AI on an ERP Our solutions are AI-centric by essence: dozens of smart agents
 integrated into the daily business routine help anticipate decisions, automate processes, and drive real results.
Living technology. Applied intelligence. Results that lead. Request a proposal Products ERP HCM Segments Agribusiness Construction Industry Logistics Legal terms Code of Ethics and Conduct Cookie Policy Information Security Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Portal © Copyright 2025 Senior Systems – Complete management solutions for those who want to be leaders. All rights reserved.