0
Skip to content
For Homes
For Utilities
For Partners
Energy intelligence for homes and the grid
Changing how we use energy starts with data

Sense is on a mission to reduce global carbon emissions by empowering people and utilities with the knowledge and solutions required to shape a brighter, cleaner future. We deliver real-time intelligence directly through next-generation smart meters and the Sense Monitor to offer high-resolution insights that improve energy management.

Solutions for Everyone
For Utilities

Sense brings distributed, local intelligence to the grid edge—strengthening grid reliability and safety, delivering real-time visibility, and helping you engage customers to accelerate the energy transition.

Learn more

For Homes

Our iOS and Android mobile app makes homes smarter, empowering people to make better use of their energy, lower electricity bills, and reduce their carbon footprint.

Learn more

For Partners

Sense works directly with global meter manufacturers to embed our software into next-generation smart meters (AMI2.0). We also partner with other software and technology providers that can benefit from Sense’s insights.

Learn more

Our Impact
4-8%

Average Annual Energy Savings

3X

Demand Savings Compared To Leading Behavioral Demand Programs

30X

User Engagement Compared To Utility Customer Portals

Sense is making the energy transition accessible for everyone.

Founded in 2013 to reduce global carbon emissions, Sense started by introducing home energy monitors to boost efficiency and savings for homeowners. Today, we are dedicated to empowering consumers and utilities everywhere to join us in creating a dynamic and resilient energy ecosystem.

About Us
The Latest from Sense
Your Meter Should Be As Smart As Your Phone

Technology plays such a pivotal role in our daily lives, it can be easy to forget how fast it moves. Look at phones—less than 20 years ago you would have to check emails on a desktop or use paper maps to check directions while in a car.

Read More
Company
About Us
Careers
Press
Privacy
Legal
Support
Mobile App
Web App
Contact Us
Sense Pro
Resources
Blog
Community
Sense Saves
Get Sense updates.
    
    

We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.

You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.

Accept
 