Sensi - The Best Smart Thermostat | Sensi US Click to view our Accessibility Policy and contact us with accessibility-related issues Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Skip to Search A smart home starts with a Sensi smart thermostat Sensi offers highly-rated residential smart thermostats, multiple thermostat control for light commercial buildings. Buy now Support Products Sensi Lite smart thermostat View product Sensi Touch 2 smart thermostat View Product Sensi Sensors View products Sensi smart thermostat View product Sensi Touch smart thermostat View product Sensi Multiple Thermostat Manager View product Thermostat Parts and Accessories View Product Energy savings and data privacy. Together at last. We get it. You don’t want to trade privacy for savings. That’s why we’ve used our 100+ years of HVAC experience to develop a smart thermostat that respects your privacy while helping you save energy. Learn more Get rebates from your local utility In addition to Sensi smart thermostats helping customers save about 23% of their HVAC energy usage 1 , you can also take advantage of rebates from your local utility to help reduce the initial cost of your thermostat. Find Rebates Thermostat Comparison Compare our Sensi thermostats to find the best solution for your home. Compare Your browser does not support the video tag. Check out our easy-to-use app Our top-rated app gives you remote control of your thermostat from anywhere. Remote Access Set, change and program your home comfort from anywhere. View Usage Monitor current day and historical heating, cooling and fan runtimes right in the app. Flexible scheduling Program a customized schedule for each day of the week. Download the Sensi app Access the Sensi smart Wi-Fi thermostat from a smartphone or tablet to control your home environment even when you’re far from it. Find a pro Sit back and let a pro install your Sensi thermostat for you. FIND A PRO 1 Energy savings are calculated by comparing operation time for a nationwide sample of Sensi users with temperature adjustments averaging 4° in comparison to users with no adjustments. Savings vary based on equipment type/condition, insulation, climate & temperature adjustment size/frequency. About Sensi Sensi Legal Press Sensi Blog Get Sensi Sensi Smart Thermostat Sensi Touch Smart Thermostat Sensi Touch 2 Smart Thermostat Sensi Lite smart thermostat Sensi Sensors Sensi Multiple Thermostat Manager Get Support Support Contact Sensi Sensi Warranty Patents Sitemap Privacy Notice Terms of Use Cookies Accessibility Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Engineered for Sustainability © 2025 Copeland LP. All rights reserved.