Sensibull - India’s Largest Options Trading Platform Pricing About Learn Education by Sensibull Tools Popular Strategy Builder Option Chain Practice Trade / Draft Portfolios Advanced Open Interest Multi Straddle Strangle Charts FII DII Data Screener More Login Pricing About Tools Popular Strategy Builder Option Chain Practice Trade / Draft Portfolios Advanced Open Interest Multi Straddle Strangle Charts FII DII Data Screener More Trade Options like a Pro Strategy Builder, Practice Trade / Draft Portfolios, Free Option
          Chain, Open Interest, Free Market Analysis, FII DII Data, Positions
          Analysis, and much more Explore Now Download app Trade Options like a Pro Strategy Builder, Draft Portfolios, Free Option Chain, Open
            Interest, Free Market Analysis, FII DII Data, Positions Analysis,
            and much more Explore Now Download app India’s Biggest Options Trading Platform SEBI Registered RA INH200006895 Login with your broker Login with Zerodha Don’t have a Zerodha account? Open Now Or login with Angel One Upstox ICICI Direct Is it safe to login with my broker? Sign in with Google Does Sensibull get access to my broker account password? No, we do not get access to the password for your broker
                        account. At time of login, we redirect you to broker's site. Your
                        password is entered only there. Will I be charged anything if I login with my broker? No, we will not charge you anything for logging in with
                        broker. We don't make any automatic/hidden charges/deductions. Many features are 100% free to use forever. You will be charged ONLY if you explicitly choose to buy
                        a plan. Why trust Sensibull? We are registered with SEBI as a Research Analyst. Your broker is on the login because we have legally
                        partnered with them, and cleared their security tests. We do not monetize you through third parties or
                        distribute your personal information or trading data to
                        any third parties in any form whatsoever. We do not store any of your trading data in any manner
                        unless you require it for your personal trading. Do you place any orders from my account? We will place, modify, or cancel orders only when you do
                        it manually. No order will be placed, modified, or cancelled
                        automatically or otherwise by the app or anyone else
                        without your explicit authorization. Everything you need Option Strategies Practice Trade / Draft Portfolios Pro Tools Create and Analyse your own trades and strategies Learn trading. Track your portfolios. Find profitable trades using advanced analytical tools & data What do our users say? Ritesh Bendre I would, once again, like to reiterate, @BeSensibull is the best
              tool by @zerodhaonline. It has helped me in having successful
              option trades over the past few days. It really gives an edge. Do
              check it out. Priyanka Much thanks and compliments on your customer handling skills. Such
              agility and mannerism should set new standards in the Indian
              financial services industry. Santhosh Bhat I seldom find this kind of quick and sincere response to a
              customer's feedback. Really impressed. It cleared my doubts. Abhishek New addition in the Arsenal 'OI Analysis @BeSensibull This feature
              is very helpful! Once again, amazing work by the team as always.
              Kudos! Started learning how to study OI and interpret it. Did a
              small OI analysis for Nifty short term view Venkatesh Basis the brief trial I spent with Sensibull, I want to give a
              feedback that it is a very good product and I'll look forward to
              subscribing to it. Kashif, Mumbai Love your product. I have been seeing thinkorswim on YouTube and
              your product is the only one with such features as in thinkorswim.
              Are you trying up with my broker in the near future. If so can you
              please let me know by when ? I'm shifting back to zerodha only to
              use sensibull. Abinash Wow very generous and good marketing offer. I respect team
              @zerodhaonline for always teaching us about the market for free.
              That's itself is the biggest gift you guys could give us Indians. Thomas Wessel Very systematic strategical approach vs. direction and time. Easy
              to understand and follow. No sales pitch. Featured In Join more than 2 Million happy users No charges for using Sensibull on select brokers No charges for Sensibull on iOS Zerodha Others Free Plan Full Feature List Trading Tools Custom Strategy Builder Analyze Trades & Positions Practice Trade / Draft Portfolios Strategy Wizard Easy Options Basket Orders Analysis Tools Advance Option Chain Open Interest Charts Technical Signals Stocks Data FII DII Data IV
                      Chart Live Options Charts Multi Straddle-Strangle Charts Basic Option Chain Options Screener Options Price Calculator Others Events Calendar Watchlist Angel One Upstox ICICIDirect Google Best Value Get 1 year Pro for just ₹392 /month See Offer Long term plans are available only for Angel One, Upstox,
                ICICIDirect and Google users. 1 Month 6 Months Free Plan 8 Useful Features Free Explore Highlights Basic Option
                        Chain Events Calendar FII DII Data
                        Analysis and more... Long term plans are available only for Angel One, Upstox,
                ICICIDirect and Google users. Compare Plans Feature Name Pro Free Trading Tools Options Strategy Builder -- Analyze Trades & Positions -- Named Position Groups -- Basket Orders Practice Trade / Draft Portfolios -- Watchlist Strategy Wizard -- Easy Options -- Analysis Tools Basic Option Chain Advanced Option Chain -- Open Interest Charts -- Multistrike Open Interest Charts -- FII DII Data Live Options Charts -- Multi Straddle-Strangle Charts -- Stocks Data Stocks Heat Map -- Options Screener -- Technical Signals -- IV Chart -- Learning Resources Free Options Education Daily Market Analysis Verified by Sensibull Others Events Calendar Find great trades with pro tools Free daily market analysis Protect your capital and enjoy peace of mind Explore Now Charts are powered by TradingView. An investment and trading platform
          providing users with global market insights, financial news and
          analytical tools like Stock Screener and Economic Calendar . Follow Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Facebook Contact: help@sensibull.com Help & FAQs Disclaimers Bug Bounty About Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Investor Charter © All Right Reserved.
              Riskilla Software Technologies Private Limited Login with your broker Login with Zerodha Don’t have a Zerodha account? Open Now Or login with Angel One Upstox ICICI Direct Is it safe to login with my broker? Sign in with Google