SenseCAP MX - Official Site Home Products Hardware Products dApp Center Blog Support SenseCAP Hotspot App SenseCAP Dashboard Docs Center Help Center ORDER NOW Purchase from official eShop SenseCAP Distributors Menu Home Products Hardware Products dApp Center Blog Support SenseCAP Hotspot App SenseCAP Dashboard Docs Center Help Center ORDER NOW Purchase from official eShop SenseCAP Distributors Previous Next Supported Decentralized Networks Helium Flux Mysterium Weather XM Previous Next SenseCAP & Helium SenseCAP M1 & M2 & M4 are Helium hotspots with high-performance and rich features that help users to earn the cryptocurrency HNT. These hotspots are designed and born to build the decentralized wireless LoRaWAN® network infrastructure. LoRaWAN® is a mark used under license from the LoRa Alliance®. SenseCAP & Flux SenseCAP M4 Sqaure can easily and quickly deploy FluxNode to provide decentralized computing resources for Flux Cloud to jointly build a People-Powered network, while M4 supports multiple web3.0 dApps, such as Helium, Mysterium, to provide more choices for users. Previous Next SenseCAP & Mysterium Mystnodes are the cornerstone of Mysterium’s revolutionary decentralized VPN network, and SenseCAP M4&M1 supports MystNodes to contribute unused bandwidth, enabling users to securely and privately connect to the Internet and earn rewards. SenseCAP & Weather XM WeatherXM is a community powered weather network, that rewards weather station owners and provides accurate weather services to Web3 enterprises. WeatherXM creates an entirely new weather data economy that rewards the people who deploy and maintain weather stations. WXM is currently implemented in Polygon mumbai testnet as an ERC20 token rewarding the closed beta user group NETWORK SCALE 0 Devices Shipped 0 Countries SenseCAP Cloud Services SenseCAP Hotspot App SenseCAP Hotspot App is an all-in-one App that helps users purchase, deploy, and manage their Web 3.0 devices (Helium, Flux, Mysterium and more). dApp Center SenseCAP team builds a multi-application web3 and IoT dApp Center. users can download dapps on demand, construct their own web3 and IoT gateways and earn benefits at the same time SenseCAP Dashboard An efficient way to manage your SenseCAP devices and rewards, SenseCAP Dashbaord provides the most up-to-date info on your hotspots from devices, blockchain. . News Major Price Drop SenseCAP MX Products Now More Affordable with Helium’s New Fee Structure Great news for the IoT community! Following Helium’s latest network update, we’re excited to announce significant price reductions across our entire SenseCAP product line, making Read More > April 10, 2025 News SenseCAP M1 Now Supports Myst Nodes for Dual Mining Hey, community,  We’ve been working closely with some community members to test the  Myst Nodes dApp on SenseCAP M1 Helium Hotspots. And now, we’re excited to Read More > April 23, 2024 News Now You Can Run MystNodes on SenseCAP M4 Square to Build the Mysterium dVPN Network With the mission to make high-quality hardware products and dApps accessible to the global Web 3.0 community, we’re excited to announce the release of the Read More > December 27, 2023 News Come and Meet SenseCAP A1101 Vision AI at Embedded Vision Summit 2023 in Santa Clara, California on May 22-24 Are you looking for the latest technology in vision AI? Meet us at the Embedded Vision Summit at booth #701, and explore more about our Read More > May 17, 2023 Our Partners SUBSCRIBE Leave this field empty if you're human: COMPANY Home Supports Official eShop Distributors GET STARTED Docs Center SenseCAP Dashboard SenseCAP Hotspot App Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play Android APK COMMUNITY Discord Email Blogs Twitter LinkedIn SUBSCRIBE Leave this field empty if you're human: