Sensors Data｜CDP and Data Analytics Platform Better Customer Experience with SensorsData Powerful product analytics and real-time CDP that help you personalize your customer experience for better business performance Explore demo Watch video Boost Your Growth with Powerful Solutions Go though our data-driven solutions with DEMOs customized to fit your specific use case, industry, and team. Product Optimization ID Mapping Channel Performance Product Optimization Learn how SensorsData's advanced analytics help every product manager gain trusted insights into customer behavior that drive growth or cause churn Explore demo Watch video ID Mapping Go through how you can get a complete view of your customer by using ID-mapping technology that unifies your customer with real-time data across devices, channels and platforms. Explore demo Watch video Channel Performance Learn how to use Sensors Analytics to conduct comprehensive performance insights for all marketing channels, measuring ROI for all marketing efforts that help you optimize advertising and marketing strategy, quickly and precisely. Explore demo Watch video The trusted choice of many quality enterprises Engage with your customer digitally Unify your Data Insights & Decisions Customer Journeys Unify your Data Real-time CDP Integrate data across multi-channel into unified customer profiles for actionable customer segments in real time. ID-mapping Real-time Customer Profiles Zero-copy Architecture Customer Segments OpenAPI for Ecosystem Customer Tags Explore demo Learn more 250+
Billion New data processed per day 50+ SDKs 2000+ Paying enterprise customers 1500000+ Active community users Not only cloud,
but also on-premise Beside Could, SensorsData enables on-premise deployment to ensure data security and secondary development. Explore demo End-to-end customer professional service SensorsData delivers project through from beginning to end, and supply everything needed to create a workable solution during the planning, implementation, and evaluation stages. Evaluation With our service experience of 2500+ customers, we will assess and formulate solutions and plans to catch up with industry best practices in digital construction based on your needs. Architecture Based on your current business goals and technical architecture, our expert team will provide efficient and cost-effective evolutionary architecture design based on best practices. Implementation We provide a dedicated delivery team, with comprehensive roles, clear division of labor and rich experience, to help you quickly gain business income returns from product investment. Expert Service In response to your specific business growth needs, we can provide experts with rich industry experience to work with you to complete practical operations in specific scenarios, enabling your team's with industry experience and product capabilities. Contact Sales Gartner Peer Insights Our products have received consistent praise from users on the Gartner Peer Insights platform. Users have given high marks for the product's functionality, integration and deployment, and service support. Explore demo Get a 30-day free demo Understand the value we can have on your business Explore demo E-mail：contact@sensorsdata.com WhatsApp Follow us on Wechat © 2025 SENSORS SOFTWARE PTE. LTD. All Rights Reserved. 73 UPPER PAYA LEBAR ROAD #07-02J CENTRO BIANCO, SINGAPORE(534818) This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. AGREE & DISMISS