This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Solutions
Products
Blog
Resources
Company
Contact Sales
Log In

Predictions for the Digital Economy in 2026 Report is Live!

Download Now

One Platform.
Every Metric.
Total Visibility.

Measure the full digital consumer journey, from mobile apps to web, ads, gaming, and beyond.

Request Demo
Sign Up for Free
Trusted by global digital leaders
The next generation
of digital insights

Our award-winning digital market insights platform provides transparency across mobile app, advertising, and audiences. From app downloads and engagement to omnichannel ads served, understanding the end-to-end digital journey has never been easier.

Better data comes
from real people

Every day, billions of consumers download and interact with millions of digital properties. Our data collection begins with a global panel of consumers - because where your data comes from, and who it comes from, matters.

Learn More
Step one: Collect data from the source

We collect a representative sample of app and digital advertising activity via our global first-party consumer panel and app store APIs.

Step two: Process data  for highest data quality

We aggregate and enrich the anonymised data with our models and third-party datasets, and test for quality – transforming it from raw to actionable.

Step three: Transform data into actionable insights

Finally, we report the most actionable mobile app, digital advertising, and audience insights to you within a single platform.

Andrew Nam, Lead Manager, Strategy and Business Operations, Duolingo

"Sensor Tower's become a core part of our industry and competitive analysis, providing visibility into the global mobile landscape, as well as many international markets of interest."

Explore our award-winning 
digital market insights platform
App Performance Insights
Gain visibility into the mobile app ecosystem

Dive into downloads, revenue, RPD; active users, sessions, and time spent; keywords rankings, app ratings and reviews, search ads, and more.

Learn More
App Advertising Insights
Develop winning paid user acquisition campaigns

Discover global and regional share of voice (SOV) across apps and the biggest mobile app ad networks, top advertisers, publishers, creatives, and more.

Learn More
Gaming Insights
Drive player growth, engagement, and retention

Gain insight into RPD, ARPDAU, and more with deeper views via our GameIQ, including sub-genre, product models, art styles, monetization, etc.

Learn More
Advanced Usage Insights
Benchmark user behavior against top performing apps

See sessions per user, time spent, new, retained, and churned user trends, and more.

Learn More
Pathmatics
Gain insights across the digital advertising ecosystem

See ads served, spend and impression estimates, SOV, and more across key channels, like: Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, X (formerly Twitter), Reddit, OTT, YouTube, display, video, and others.

Learn More
Retail Media Insights
Optimize omnichannel media investments and strengthen retailer relationships

Everything included with Pathmatics, plus share of voice for brands and products across retailers, onsite vs offsite creatives, co-branded advertisers and products, and more.

Learn more
Audience Insights
Understand your audience and your competitors' audiences. Discover areas of opportunity to grow your business

Learn which apps consumers are actually interacting with (app engagement) AND which ads they’re seeing (ad exposure).

Learn More
Web Insights
Connect the dots between web and app consumer behavior to get a complete view of cross-platform digital engagement trends

With insight into true audience, total visits, visits per unique user, and unique visitor data across desktop and mobile web, with daily, weekly, and monthly granularity.

Learn more
Sensor Tower data is regularly cited by
Sensor Tower Blog
Predictions for the Digital Economy in 2026

Our 2026 Predictions report walks you through the six major trends we expect to see in the new year — covering everything from Gen AI to gaming. Dive into the insights ahead of Q1 to gain the intel you need to sharpen your strategy. 

How to Prepare Your LiveOps for the Holiday Season

We analyzed hundreds of titles and thousands of event launches to uncover the strategies top games use to turn seasonal spikes into long-term Live Ops growth.

Q3 2025 Digital Market Index: Mobile Market Booms, Shopping Sees Declines

Dive straight into the latest trends around mobile apps, digital advertising, and retail media coming out of Q3 2025, in our quarterly industry report. 

ENGLISH
About
Careers
Support
Status
Terms of Service
Privacy
Press
Cookies
Security

Copyright © 2025 Sensor Tower. All rights reserved.

Manage Cookies