SensorPush - Temperature, Humidity & Pressure Smart Sensors 0 Skip to Content Support / FAQ Products HT1 Sensor HT.w Sensor HTP.xw Sensor G1 WiFi Gateway Sensor Comparison All Products Apps API Gateway Cloud API Bluetooth API About Customer Stories SHOP NOW Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Support / FAQ Products HT1 Sensor HT.w Sensor HTP.xw Sensor G1 WiFi Gateway Sensor Comparison All Products Apps API Gateway Cloud API Bluetooth API About Customer Stories SHOP NOW Support / FAQ Folder: Products Back HT1 Sensor HT.w Sensor HTP.xw Sensor G1 WiFi Gateway Sensor Comparison All Products Apps Folder: API Back Gateway Cloud API Bluetooth API About Customer Stories SHOP NOW Smart Sensors Made Simple Wireless sensors with alerts for monitoring temperature, humidity and more. Easy to set up, easy to use. You're busy. You know that proper temperature and humidity are important. But who has time for constant monitoring of conditions in the places they matter most, like refrigerators, guitar cases, greenhouses, humidors, attics, basements and crawlspaces? SensorPush is the answer. Our Smart Sensors are compact and easy to use. They work with painstakingly designed mobile apps that not only make you love using them, but also require as little use as possible. It takes just a few moments to install our free app and pair your first sensor. After that, it's up to you. If you love data, SensorPush has it, beautifully graphed in-app or easily exported to CSV for use in software like MS Excel. Either way, you'll be amazed by what you can learn from a complete history of minute-by-minute updates. Or, sit back and relax. SensorPush is constantly monitoring conditions, even while you're sleeping or away. Upon your return, you'll be promptly alerted of any issues once data is downloaded via Bluetooth. If you’re going to be away for awhile, the sensor always maintains the most recent data on board, from 20 up to 45 days depending on the model. For maximum peace of mind, add the SensorPush G1 WiFi Gateway for constant access and alerts from anywhere, via the Internet. The WiFi Gateway includes unlimited free sensor data storage on the SensorPush cloud and access to all of your connected SensorPush devices on your desktop or laptop computer via our SensorPush Web Dashboard. However you use SensorPush, we’re confident you’ll love it. But if there’s ever an issue, don’t worry. Our in-house support is the best in the business. If there’s a problem, we’ll make it right - guaranteed. Products Featured HT.w Water-Resistant Temperature / Humidity Smart Sensor $69.99 SHOP NOW Our Water-Resistant Temperature / Humidity Smart Sensor pairs effortlessly with our mobile apps and the optional SensorPush G1 WiFi Gateway to provide a premium solution for monitoring humidity and temperature, dewpoint, and VPD conditions over time. HTP.xw Extreme Accuracy Water-Resistant Temperature / Humidity / Barometric Pressure Smart Sensor $89.99 SHOP NOW Our Extreme Accuracy Water-Resistant Temperature / Humidity / Barometric Pressure Smart Sensor pairs effortlessly with our mobile apps and the optional SensorPush G1 WiFi Gateway to provide the most premium solution for monitoring barometric pressure, humidity and temperature, dewpoint, and VPD conditions over time. HT1 Temperature and Humidity Smart Sensor $54.95 SHOP NOW Our Humidity & Temperature Smart Sensor pairs effortlessly with our mobile apps and the optional SensorPush G1 WiFi Gateway to provide an ideal solution for monitoring humidity and temperature conditions over time. G1 WiFi Gateway $99.95 SHOP NOW The SensorPush G1 WiFi Gateway enables you to monitor your SensorPush sensors remotely from anywhere via the Internet. With our included cloud service (no monthly fee), you'll have the full SensorPush experience, accuracy and ease of use, no matter where you are! Receive current conditions, alerts and even the full data history just as if you were monitoring locally. It's perfect for keeping an eye on conditions at home or at a vacation property while you're away. Make sure your greenhouse, cigars or wine collection is safe while you're at work. Whatever the situation, when you need to monitor environmental conditions from afar, the SensorPush G1 WiFi Gateway has you covered. SensorPush News & Info View All Featured Understanding Dew Point What exactly is dew point and why is it important? The Effects of Low Humidity on Your Health and Comfort Dry air is damaging to your eyes, skin and respiratory tract and can even make you get sick more often. A SensorPush wireless hygrometer can help. Ideal Temperature and Humidity for Hatching and Raising Backyard Chickens Temperature and humidity monitoring is a commonly overlooked topic that can make or break your chicken rearing success. A wireless temperature sensor with humidity logging from SensorPush will help maximize hatch rates. Why Indoor Dampness Is a Problem - And What To Do About It High indoor humidity is far more common - and dangerous - than you might think. A wireless humidity sensor from SensorPush helps you stay informed and protected. Temperature and Humidity Monitoring for Pet Reptiles and Amphibians Cold-blooded pets rely on you to keep them safe and healthy at the proper temperature and humidity. Signal Range and SensorPush Products In this article we unpack the basics of how distance, obstacles, and other factors affect the range of SensorPush sensors and Gateways. Follow @sensorpushtech on Instagram We love customer photos! Tag your images with @sensorpushtech too! Newsletter Signup * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name TERMS OF SERVICE | PRIVACY POLICY SensorPush is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.