Moz - SEO Software for Smarter Marketing Skip to content Moz logo Menu open Menu close Search Products Moz Pro Moz Pro Home Moz Local Moz Local Home STAT Moz API Moz API Home Compare SEO Products Moz Data Free SEO Tools Domain Analysis Keyword Explorer Link Explorer Competitive Research MozBar More Free SEO Tools Learn SEO Beginner's Guide to SEO SEO Learning Center Moz Academy MozCon Webinars, Whitepapers, & Guides Blog Why Moz Digital Marketers Agency Solutions Enterprise Solutions Small Business Solutions The Moz Story New Releases Log in Log out Products Moz Pro Your all-in-one suite of SEO essentials. Moz Local Raise your local SEO visibility with complete local SEO management. STAT SERP tracking and analytics for enterprise SEO experts. Moz API Power your SEO with our index of over 44 trillion links. Compare SEO Products See which Moz SEO solution best meets your business needs. Moz Data Power your SEO strategy & AI models with custom data solutions. Turn SEO data into actionable content briefs Learn more Free SEO Tools Domain Analysis Get top competitive SEO metrics like DA, top pages and more. Keyword Explorer Find traffic-driving keywords with our 1.25 billion+ keyword index. Link Explorer Explore over 40 trillion links for powerful backlink data. Competitive Research Uncover valuable insights on your organic search competitors. MozBar See top SEO metrics for free as you browse the web. More Free SEO Tools Explore all the free SEO tools Moz has to offer. Let your business shine with Listings AI Get found Learn SEO Beginner's Guide to SEO The #1 most popular introduction to SEO, trusted by millions. SEO Learning Center Broaden your knowledge with SEO resources for all skill levels. On-Demand Webinars Learn modern SEO best practices from industry experts. How-To Guides Step-by-step guides to search success from the authority on SEO. Moz Academy Upskill and get certified with on-demand courses & certifications. MozCon Save on Early Bird tickets and join us in London or New York City Moz API Access 20 years of data with flexible pricing Find your plan Blog Why Moz Digital Marketers Simplify SEO tasks to save time and grow your traffic. Small Business Solutions Uncover insights to make smarter marketing decisions in less time. Agency Solutions Earn & keep valuable clients with unparalleled data & insights. Enterprise Solutions Gain a competitive edge in the ever-changing world of search. The Moz Story Moz was the first & remains the most trusted SEO company. New Releases Get the scoop on the latest and greatest from Moz. New Feature Surface actionable competitive intel Learn More Log in Moz Pro Moz Local Moz Local Dashboard Moz API Moz API Dashboard Moz Academy Avatar Moz Home Notifications Account & Billing Manage Users Community Profile My Q&A My Videos Log Out Last chance to save up to 40% - ends today! Higher rankings. Quality traffic. Measurable results. Experience Moz’s redesigned, AI-powered SEO tools built to accelerate your strategy and results. View Plans Start my free trial Trusted by 500,000+ brands and agencies Your SEO & digital marketing solutions SEO SEO at Scale Content Marketing Digital PR Local Marketing Custom Data SEO SEO at Scale Content Marketing Digital PR Local Marketing Custom Data Get the SEO insights you need to convert more traffic and outrank the competition with Moz Pro Discover quality keywords, optimize content, and track rankings Uncover, track, and fix technical SEO issues Monitor your efforts, effectively communicate with your team (or clients), and iterate Analyze your competition, identify SERP opportunities and keyword gaps, and adapt your strategy for success Sign up now Plans & pricing Tackle large-scale SEO with accuracy and ease with STAT Spot daily changes across thousands of SERPs and identify new avenues for success Create content that’s tailor-made for Google and for your audiences Grow your market share with powerful competitive insights Perform deeper research and reporting for more strategic optimizations Explore STAT or book a demo Improve discovery, user experience, and rankings through content optimization with Moz Pro Quickly identify content gaps and opportunities Get topic suggestions that resonate with your audience Leverage keyword data to build a content strategy that fuels organic growth Easily prioritize tasks that drive impactful results Try Moz Pro free or sign up now Craft high-impact PR strategies to get your brand in front of the right audience with Moz Pro Understand the strength of your (or your client’s) brand vs. the competition Discover client and media relation prospecting opportunities that are aligned with your goals Identify existing irrelevant and low-quality backlinks, and opportunities to replace them Monitor the PR metrics that matter and adapt your strategy for your brand or clients Try Moz Pro free or sign up now Reach more customers online for your local business(es) with Moz Local Manage, sync, and keep business listings up-to-date and consistent Easily monitor and respond to reviews from multiple platforms on a single dashboard Share news and offers to engage customers online Monitor and report on customer behavior and sentiment to make impactful decisions Get free listing score or sign up now Supercharge your own tools and dashboards with leading SEO metrics via the Moz API Track and analyze your brand’s, clients’, and competitors’ websites at scale Build or enhance custom tools and dashboards with Moz’s proprietary data, including 44.8 trillion current links Appraise brand strength and identify gaps to build a winning marketing and PR strategy Leverage data to quickly prospect and research large market segments Try Moz API free or sign up now Turn SEO data into actionable Content Briefs AI Content Brief provides a clear roadmap for content built to rank. By including key elements such as primary search intent, key questions, and interesting facts, this easy-to-use feature can help ensure you’re creating the right content for your audience. Generate your content brief Learn more about Moz tools Moz Pro: the all-in-one SEO toolkit Moz Pro is the do-it-all SEO solution to help you rank higher, drive qualified traffic to your website, and run high-impact SEO campaigns. Explore Moz Pro Keyword Research Discover thousands of keywords to target along with Keyword Difficulty scores, accurate search volumes, and SERP analysis. Learn more Competitive Research Identify competitors, keyword gaps, and link opportunities to improve organic share of voice and surpass your competitors. Learn more Link Research Get insight into any website’s authority and link profile in seconds, including linking domains, most valuable pages, anchor text, and Domain Authority. Learn more Rank Tracking Track the performance of hundreds (or thousands) of keywords across 170+ search engines. Learn more Domain Overview Get a quick SEO snapshot dashboard for any domain. Gain measurable insight with metrics like Brand Authority and Domain Authority, along with ranking keywords and top backlinks. Learn more Site Crawl Audit your site to find and diagnose technical SEO issues that may hurt your organic search rankings. Make sure your site is optimized with actionable recommendations. Learn more Explore Moz Pro STAT: the ultimate large-scale rank tracking platform Whether you’re juggling multiple sites, millions of pages, or just a ton of keywords, STAT helps you unlock new opportunities, drive more revenue, and prove the value of your SEO efforts. Daily analytics at scale Get everything the 100-result SERP has to offer (plus its full HTML) in any location, on desktop and mobile, every day, for keyword counts that start in the thousands. Market visibility Outrank rivals and grow your market presence with powerful share of voice metrics and robust competitor tracking. Know who you’re up against and how you compare. SERP feature insights See exactly which SERP features appear in your space, and how much visibility they drive, so you can create the right content for the right keywords. Customizable segments Understand your data from any angle. Group keywords into custom segments – no matter how granular – to surface precision insights for data-driven decisions. Flexible reporting Take your SERP data to go with one-click CSV reports, handy APIs, and pre-built Looker Studio connectors to fuel deep analysis and ambitious experimentation. Explore STAT Moz Local: the local SEO and reputation management tool Whether you have one location or 10,000, manage business listings and reviews, report on performance and sentiment, and post to social media all from one easy-to-use platform. Business listings management Seamlessly create and manage your local business listings on Google, Facebook, and other relevant directories to help consumers find and choose your business(es) directly from Moz Local. Review management Monitor, read, and respond to customer reviews on multiple sites from a single dashboard. Easily share news and offers Engage your audience and customers online with business news and promotional updates via directories and social platforms. Monitor and report on performance Show off your results with ease. Share the Visibility Index, sentiment, and online presence score reports with your teams and clients to keep them up to speed on current performance. Managed clients also benefit from advanced analytics and API access. Explore Moz Local Moz API: powering custom data solutions Moz’s proprietary metrics have helped shape the SEO industry since 2004. Plug into the Moz API to build or enhance your custom data tools and dashboards. Domain Authority Predict the ranking power of link signals to a website with the original authority metric developed by Moz. Often imitated, never replicated. Page Authority Predict how well a specific page will rank in search results based on linking factors. Brand Authority Measure brand strength at scale for thousands of sites at a time with Brand Authority, a revolutionary metric that measures a website’s brand strength on a scale of one to 100. Spam Score Assess the level of risk of links from specific subdomains with Spam Score, a Moz metric that represents the percentage of sites with similar features that have been penalized or banned by Google. In-depth link data Understand the competitive landscape and power your link-building campaigns by accessing detailed link counts, link propensity scores, anchor text strings, and inbound links to a page. Explore Moz API or discover custom data solutions Propel your business forward with Moz Data 1.25 billion Keyword suggestions in Keyword Explorer Explore keywords 44.8 trillion Links indexed by Link Explorer Check Domain Authority 100,000 Local business listings optimized with Moz Local Check local presence 8 million SERPs analyzed daily by STAT Book a demo Why marketers trust Moz Data & tools Brian Gorman VP of SEO
              at Go Fish Digital “We have to prove the value of our work for enterprise clients. We can’t make decisions arbitrarily. They care about metrics, they care that our actions are backed by data, and they care about proof. STAT is great for that.” Sean Pomory Digital Media Specialist
              at Chesapeake Regional Healthcare "Our Google Business Profile traffic has increased drastically over the past three years. Before we started this partnership with Moz, we were averaging about 30,000 views each month from local search. Now, it’s well over 200,000. Moz Local is the perfect solution for us.” Alex Bruner Founder
              at Intellitonic "Presenting to clients is always challenging. Moz makes our team more effective when sharing data with clients, because everything is encapsulated in one dashboard. Moz has a lot of capacities to help clean up our data and present it in ways that are meaningful for clients, but still have the technical depth." Laura Simis Director of Marketing
              at Hum “We've been using Moz Pro since 2012, and it is the ONLY piece of software that makes the cut time and time again. It brings so much to the table for a smaller team that has to do a little bit of everything.” Jason Nurmi Sr. Marketing Manager
              at Zillow "Moz Pro gives us the data we need to justify our projects and strategies. It helps us track the ROI of our efforts and brings significant transparency to our industry." Learn SEO from our experts Attend MozCon We're hitting the road in 2025! Join us in New York or London for this year's installment of our annual conference. Get cutting-edge insights from incredible speakers, and forge meaningful connections with industry peers at MozCon. Learn more Attend MozCon We're hitting the road in 2025! Join us in New York or London for this year's installment of our annual conference. Get cutting-edge insights from incredible speakers, and forge meaningful connections with industry peers at MozCon. Learn more Get Certified with Moz Academy Learn SEO and upskill with self-paced, on-demand courses by the experts at Moz. From SEO essentials and local SEO to more advanced topics like technical SEO, get certified in a variety of focus areas. Get certified Get Certified with Moz Academy Learn SEO and upskill with self-paced, on-demand courses by the experts at Moz. From SEO essentials and local SEO to more advanced topics like technical SEO, get certified in a variety of focus areas. Get certified New to SEO? Read over 10 million times, The Beginners Guide to SEO is the industry’s leading resource for learning SEO. Access the guide New to SEO? Read over 10 million times, The Beginners Guide to SEO is the industry’s leading resource for learning SEO. Access the guide Get free SEO education Start Learning! Whether you’re just getting started, looking for a refresher on building quality traffic, or diving into advanced SEO tactics, we’ve got you covered. Visit the Learn Center Get free SEO education Start Learning! Whether you’re just getting started, looking for a refresher on building quality traffic, or diving into advanced SEO tactics, we’ve got you covered. Visit the Learn Center Ready to get started with Moz Pro? Join 500,000+ SEOs who trust Moz's quality data and insights to help their businesses grow. Sign up now The latest from the Moz Blog We wrote the blog on SEO — literally. Since its humble beginnings in 2004, this is where SEO happens. Local SEO How to Diagnose and Fix Google Maps Ranking Drops Lost rankings or calls from your Google Business Profile? Learn a step-by-step process to confirm a drop, find the real cause, and recover your local rankings fast. Elizabeth Rule December 18, 2025 AI and SEO Search Engines SEOs Should Not Dismiss Geo for Being Low-Traffic Is it GEO, AI SEO, or just SEO? Regardless of the label, optimizing for LLMs is critical in 2025. Learn how you can reframe your existing tactics, why your off-site content strategy is critical, and what questions you should be asking when considering whether to focus on GEO. Tom Capper December 17, 2025 Search Engines AI and SEO Algorithm Updates A Guide to Web Guide: Our Hybrid Search Future Is Google Web Guide the future of search? Dr. Pete analyzes Google's new hybrid search interface, breaking down the 10 types of "query fan-out" that drive results and explains why search marketers need to prepare for a more conversational search style. Dr. Peter J. Meyers December 16, 2025 Get started with Moz Pro! Unlock the power of advanced SEO tools and data-driven insights. Start my free trial Products Moz Pro Moz Local Moz API Moz Data STAT Product Updates Moz Solutions SMB Solutions Agency Solutions Enterprise Solutions Digital Marketers Free SEO Tools Domain Authority Checker Link Explorer Keyword Explorer Competitive Research Brand Authority Checker Local Citation Checker MozBar Extension MozCast Resources Blog SEO Learning Center Help Hub Beginner's Guide to SEO How-to Guides Moz Academy API Docs About Moz About Team Careers Contact Why Moz Case Studies Testimonials Get Involved Become an Affiliate MozCon Webinars Practical Marketer Series MozPod Connect with us Contact the Help team Join our newsletter Moz logo © 2021 - 2025 SEOMoz, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. Moz is a registered trademark of SEOMoz, Inc. Accessibility Terms of Use Privacy