Features
We’re famous for
SEO Audit SEO Audit

SEOptimer's Famous SEO Audit Tool

SEOptimer's Famous SEO Audit Tool

White Label Reports White Label Reports

Create beautiful branded SEO Audits in PDF

Create beautiful branded SEO Audits in PDF

Embeddable Audit Tool Embeddable Audit Tool

Generate more leads and sales from your site

Generate more leads and sales from your site

But we’re also great at
Keyword Research Keyword Research

Find the right keywords for your site to rank

Find the right keywords for your site to rank

Backlink Research Backlink Research

Get the details behind a domain

Get the details behind a domain

SEO Crawler SEO Crawler

Scan every page of a site in depth for problems

Scan every page of a site in depth for problems

Bulk Reporting Bulk Reporting

Dominate prospecting & lead gen at scale

Dominate prospecting & lead gen at scale

Keyword Tracking Keyword Tracking

Monitor the success of your SEO efforts

Monitor the success of your SEO efforts

Backlink Monitoring Backlink Monitoring

Track backlink changes over time

Track backlink changes over time

API API

Build custom solutions with 100+ data points

Build custom solutions with 100+ data points

Free Tools Free Tools

Perform any SEO task with 60+ tools

Perform any SEO task with 60+ tools

Pricing
Resources
Blog
Türkçe
Danish
Deutsch
English (US)
Spanish
French
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
Dutch
Polski
Portuguese (Brazil)
SEOptimer Guides
Product Videos (YouTube)
SEO Concepts
Agency Guides
Live Chat
French
Spanish
German
Italian
Portuguese
Dutch
Polish
Danish
Indonesian
Turkish
Japanese
 Login
Premium - Free Trial 
SEO Audit
 & Reporting Tool
SEO Audit & Reporting Tool

+ Comprehensive SEO Toolset

 Audit

Enter an URL address and get a Free Website Analysis!

New now with GEO related checks 















SEO Audits with Ease

Search Engines rely on many factors to rank a website. SEOptimer is a Website SEO Checker which reviews these and more to help identify problems that could be holding your site back from it’s potential.

Additionally we provide a clear, actionable, prioritised list of recommendations to help improve.


Learn More
Beautiful, Branded, White Label PDF Reports

Win more customers with a professional SEO Audit, written in simple language that inspires action.

Simply upload your logo, add company details and adjust styling to suit your brand. Generate PDF SEO Audits in 20 seconds.


Learn More
Languages and Customization Options

White Label SEO Reports are available in several languages including French, Spanish and German, with more being added.

Customize reports to your heart’s desire – change colors and fonts. Choose which checks and sections to show, and add custom content for that personal touch.

Embeddable Audit Tool

Generate more leads straight from your website with your own Embedded SEO Audit Tool. Simply embed a simple Audit Form that matches your website’s styling and colors.

Present customers a beautiful branded audit that inspires action.

Get notified of new leads and their details straight to your mailbox.

Send your leads and their reports straight to any other CRM, Mail Tool like MailChimp, Active Campaign and Salesforce.


Learn More
Complete, Affordable SEO Suite

SEOptimer is famous for its SEO Auditing capabilities coupled with configurable White Label Reports and the ability to Embed Auditing into your site.

However, we’ve also built out a comprehensive suite of tools covering every SEO function, at a fraction of the cost of competing tools.

SEO Audits

Comprehensively audit a site and generate White Label Reports or Embed.

SEO Crawler

Perform a detailed scan of every page of your site for problems that could be holding it back.

Keyword Tracking

Track the progress of search rankings over time by country, language, search engine and device type.

Keyword Research

Research competitors and find opportunities with search volume, competition and CPC data.

Backlink Research

Understand any site’s backlink profile and discover link building opportunities.

Backlink Monitoring

Get notified of new and lost links, protect from negative SEO, and build a great link profile.

Bulk Reporting

Generate thousands of branded SEO Audits.

API

Run audits at scale or integrate into your workflows.

Local SEO

Our separate tool for optimizing Google Business Profiles. Run Audits, Manage Reviews, Schedule Posts & Track GeoGrid Rankings.

AI SEO Writing

Our separate Writing Assistant for researching, writing & optimizing content with intelligent SEO scoring.

Free SEO Toolbox

In addition to being an SEO Audit Tool, SEOptimer provides a range of additional free SEO Tools that give you the power to improve your site yourself. These include:



Meta Tag Generator
Keyword Generator
Robots.txt Generator
.htaccess File Generator
XML Sitemap Generator

Check Them Out
Perfect for Small Business Owners, Digital Agencies

..SEO Experts, Web Designers or anyone that needs to improve a website!

Save Time – Some agencies spend hundreds of hours of manual work performing Website Audits which can be automated in a matter of seconds.
Present Beautiful Reports – Wow your clients and prospects with impressive bespoke reports that look like they were made by hand.
Win More Customers – Turn your site into a lead magnet. Use White Label PDF Reports and the Embeddable Audit Tool to acquire more customers straight from your website.
What our awesome customers are saying

SEOptimer has been a game changer for my SEO business. The setup is so intuitive and quick, beautiful reports, great support and my clients are loving the results.

Kay Telle Hoel,
Digitelle AS

SEOptimer is by far the best SEO review site on the web. I use it all the time for my site and my clients.

Dillon Ross,
The Dillon Ross Group

Outstanding value for the money. Solid data and insight for prospecting and value added services.

Vincent Maiello,
CEO, One 8 & Company
1

SEOptimer is easy to use and great for people starting out in SEO. Its a lot cheaper than other platforms like Moz and essentially fills all our needs.

Amy Davis,
Magnetize Consultants

We have doubled our inbound SEO leads with SEOptimer.

Taavi Raidma,
Founder & Partner, Convertal

I love SEOptimer! It gives fast insight into some of the back-end technicalities of a website, a well as some high-level technical SEO action points. Great for discovery calls! Adds lots of value to my one-woman digital agency business. Highly recommend!

Natalie Gallagher,
Diamond Sea
1
Why SEOptimer?

Getting your website to rank in Google is harder and more competitive than ever. There are many factors such as on page content, performance, social factors and backlink profile that search engines like Google use to determine which sites should rank highest.

SEOptimer is a free SEO Audit Tool that will perform a detailed SEO Analysis across 100 website data points, and provide clear and actionable recommendations for steps you can take to improve your online presence and ultimately rank better in Search Engine Results. SEOptimer is ideal for website owners, website designers and digital agencies who want to improve their own sites or theirs of their clients.

SEOptimer is better than other Website SEO Checkers through it`s super fast SEO analysis execution, JavaScript rendering and breadth of features.

Additionally SEOptimer provides a range of free SEO Tools such as Backlink Checker, Meta Tags and Robots.txt Generator which will help take you through the actual steps of improving your site.

Last but not least, the SEOptimer blog provides a bunch of relevant articles and tips and tricks for you to stay on top of the SEO improvement landscape.

What Are You Waiting For?
Try SEOptimer Today!

Try it now
       
 Local Rank Checker, Tracker, GBP Audit & More
 AI SEO Writing Assistant
 YouTube SEO Tool
 Alt Text Generator
Sitemap
About
API
Automated SEO Reports
Agency Rank Tracking
Backlink Checker
Bing Rank Tracker
Blog - Türkçe, Danish, Deutsch, English (US), Spanish, French, Bahasa Indonesia, Italiano, 日本語, Dutch, Polski, Portuguese (Brazil)
Bulk Reporting
DIY SEO
Embeddable Audit Tool
Free Tools
GrowthBar
Keyword Research Tool
Keyword Tracking Tool
Login
Mobile Rank Tracking
Monitor Backlinks
MySiteAuditor Alternative
Pricing
Scheduled Reports
SEO Audit
SEO Crawler
SEO Project Management
SEO Site Checkup Alternative
SEO Task Management
Semrush Alternative
Sign Up Now
White Label Reports
WooRank Alternative
Awards & Recognition
Featured Articles
Sponsored Links: What are They and Their Impact on SEO?
What is Competitive Intelligence in SEO and How to Gather Insights
What are Transactional Keywords and How They Can Drive More Sales
How to Refresh Old Content for SEO and the Age of AI
What are Referring Domains? How to Check Them and Get More
What are Sitewide Links and Do They Impact SEO?
Search Everywhere Optimization: How to Build Visibility on All Search Platforms

© 2025 SEOptimer Pte. Ltd. (201923402C)

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service