Enterprise Browser Security on Any Browser | Seraphic Back Platform Solutions Compare Seraphic vs Dedicated Browser vs Extensions vs CASB vs VDI vs RBI By use case GenAI Security Safely enable AI tools with context-aware policies and DLP Safe Browsing Real-time protection on any device from inside the browser Cost & Complexity Reduction Simplify your security stack and reduce  operational overhead DLP & Governance Data protection and governance across SaaS, apps, and unmanaged devices Remote Connectivity Policy-driven access to internal and SaaS applications from any device Identity Protection Secure identities in the browser with real-time, risk-aware protection Featured Focus on Securing Browsers, Not Forcing a Secure Browser Get a Demo Contact Us Resources Library All Resources Solution Briefs White Papers Analyst Reports Videos & Webinars Case Studies Integrations FAQ Learning Center Enterprise Browser Secure Enterprise Browser (SEB) info AI Browser Agentic browser landscape summary Zero Trust Discover Zero Trust principles SASE Info on the SASE architecture Data Loss Prevention Strategies to stop data loss Browser Security Security safety measures for browsers Website Security Stop Prompt Injection and more Secure Remote Access Safely use SaaS and GenAI VDI Replace VDI with an SEB Featured 2025 Frost Radar™: Global Zero Trust Browser Security Market Get a Demo Contact Us Partners Company Company About us We make the web safe for enterprises Contact us Speak to a Seraphic expert Newsroom Discover Seraphic in the news Careers Apply to open positions at Seraphic Events Meet Seraphic at upcoming events Events and News Seraphic Named a Leader in the 2025 Frost Radar™: Global Zero Trust Browser Security Market Seraphic Expands Integration with the CrowdStrike Falcon Platform, Bringing Browser-Layer Security into Falcon Fusion SOAR and Falcon Shield Seraphic Protects ChatGPT Atlas to Secure AI-Driven Browsing Get a Demo Contact Us Blog Get a demo Turn Any Traditional or AI Browser into a ​ Secure Enterprise Browser The Browser Security Platform to protect your data and workforce while they use the browser they love. ​ Get a demo Seraphic Named a Leader in the Frost & Sullivan Radar™: Global Zero Trust Browser Security Market, 2025. Download report Browser security use cases Protect users & endpoints Block phishing, malware, and advanced browser-based threats in real time without impacting performance or user experience. Learn more Secure corporate data Prevent data leakage with granular controls over uploads, downloads, clipboard, screen-sharing, printing, and more, without compromising productivity. Learn more Secure AI adoption Protect against data leaks, prompt injection, and shadow AI. Seraphic gives you visibility and control over how users and AI tools interact with sensitive data. Learn more Secure remote access without VPN/VDI Enable secure access to corporate apps from any location or device without the complexity and cost of traditional VDI or VPN. Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more What is Seraphic AI is Revolutionizing Work. We keep you secure while you embrace it. AI tools and autonomous agents introduce powerful capabilities, but also new risks: data leakage, prompt injection, compliance violation and shadow AI. Seraphic protects your organization at the browser layer, giving CISOs visibility and control over every AI interaction. AI Visibility Monitor how employees and AI assistants interact with SaaS, data, private apps, AI tools and identity systems. AI Access Control Control what data can be shared with AI tools and which AI tools users can interact with. Secure AI Enablement Safely enable AI interactions & workflows with guardrails, full audit trails, and malware prevention. The first and only solution to Secure electron-based apps Seraphic goes beyond browser security to protect Electron-based SaaS desktop applications. Using the same powerful JavaScript-based agent, Seraphic delivers full threat prevention, data protection, and access control – no matter where or how your users work. Learn more Watch the explainer Trusted by industry leaders Jerich Beason CISO of WM (Waste Management) “The browser is something that most organizations are blind to, and Seraphic changes that.” Joe Sullivan Former CSO of Cloudflare, Facebook, Uber “Until Seraphic, I didn’t have a security solution I could deploy in the browser and feel good about it.” Renee Guttmann Former CISO of Coca-Cola, Royal Caribbean “Seraphic is really thinking about a problem that is not effectively being addressed today.” Udi Yavo Former CTO of Fortinet “Seraphic can stop attacks that others just cannot.” Uri May CEO and Co-Founder of Hunters “Seraphic gives you the ability to get an early warning and prevent attacks before they even start.” Elie AbenMoha CSO of Publicis Groupe “Seraphic’s browser agent gives us visibility like we never had before.” Yaron Slutzki CISO of Agoda “We chose Seraphic because we believe its innovative solution best fits our needs and architecture.” Haim Inger CTO of Clal Insurance “Seraphic immediately stops zero day attacks, and that’s something I’ve never seen before.” Jim Staley CISO of Verisma “Prior to Seraphic, browser security was really just patching and hoping for the best.” Tyrone Watson-Ferguson Head of Security Architecture of Burns & McDonnell “Seraphic’s primary benefit is not having to replace other users’ web browsers.” Jeff Farinich CISO of New American Funding “The challenge with SASE today is you can’t control and enforce security at the browser.” Seraphic Named a Leader and Fast Mover 2025 GigaOm Radar for Secure Enterprise Browsing Download report Modern work runs in the browser.  So do modern attacks. Today browsers dominate the enterprise Your employees and contractors use the browser as their gateway to corporate resources, cloud apps, web research, and emerging GenAI platforms. Yet standard browsers are not secured Main stream browsers – Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Safari- are focused on productivity and lack enterprise-grade security & governance. Traditional solutions are blind to browser risk Existing solutions – EDR, SSE and Extension – lack the necessary visibility & control in the browser. Browsers emerged as a primary attack vector Attackers are targeting the browser to bypass current defenses and insiders infringe corporate policy and compromise sensitive data. Think you’re protected? Major browser security gaps not  covered by existing solutions User Identity ​Theft Endpoint​ Compromise Data Leak/Loss Unsecured​ Complex Access​ In-Browser​ Policy Infringement​ Email & Web Security Gold Winner 2023 Cyber Security Browser Isolation Winner 2023 Winner Digital innovator 2023 Global Zero trust browser security enabling Award 2024 High Performer Spring 2024 Winner in Cybersecurity 2024 What is Seraphic Enterprise browser security on any browser Single agent Deploy once to gain full visibility and control across all browser activity, no need for multiple tools or integrations. Any browser Protect users across Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Safari and other browsers without forcing a switch or compromising experience. Any device Secure access and enforce policy on managed, BYOD, VDI, or third-party endpoints, no matter where users work. “Long-standing browser vulnerabilities and the rapid integration of AI into browsers have compounded security and privacy risks for organizations.” GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission.  All rights reserved. Read the full report Optimize your security stack Reduce Enhance VDI Reduction Seraphic delivers secure, isolated access to corporate apps without the cost, complexity, or user friction of VDI. VPN Reduction Seraphic delivers secure, identity-aware access to corporate apps without the complexity, latency, or overhead of VPNs. SSE Reduction Seraphic enforces security and data protection policies in the browser, eliminating the need to route traffic or rely on app integrations. RBI Reduction Seraphic enforces browser security eliminating the latency, degraded UX, and high costs of remote browser isolation. Go beyond login With in-session browser control to prevent session hijacking, credential reuse, and unauthorized access. Fuel your SIEM/XDR With rich browser telemetry for faster, smarter threat detection and response. Enhance EDR Close the blind spots EDRs miss by adding deep visibility and control over browser-based threats and user actions. Complete your SASE strategy By enforcing Zero Trust policies inside the browser without added complexity. Integrate Seraphic into your security stack Seraphic seamlessly integrates with your existing security ecosystem to enhance protection, streamline operations, and scale effortlessly across your environment. SSO & IdP CDR SIEM EDR/Sandbox/malware scanner Keep up to date with Seraphic Sep 17, 2025 | 4 min read Seraphic Enters Strategic Partnership with Akamai to Simplify SSE with Secure Enterprise Browsing Oct 20, 2025 | 3 min read Seraphic Named a Leader in the 2025 GigaOm Radar for Secure Enterprise Browsing Nov 19, 2025 | 4 min read Seraphic Becomes the First and Only Secure Enterprise Browser Solution to Protect Electron-Based Applications Take the next step Get a demo Platform Solutions by use case Safe Browsing DLP & Governance GenAI Security Remote Connectivity Cost & Complexity Reduction Identity Protection Compare Seraphic vs Dedicated Browsers vs Extension-Based Solutions vs RBI vs CASB vs. VDI Resources Solution Briefs White Papers Analyst Reports Videos Case Studies Integrations FAQ Partners Partner Program Learning Center Enterprise Browser AI Browser Browser Security Data Loss Prevention Zero Trust Website Security SASE Secure Remote Access VDI Company About Careers Contact Us Newsroom Events Blog BrowserTotal™ Browser Posture Analysis Extension Analysis URL Analysis Subscribe to the newsletter To see how we are going to use your data see out privacy policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Cookie Consent Settings Accessibility Adjustments © 2025 Seraphic ltd. All rights reserved. Seraphic Named a Leader in the 2025 Frost Radar™: Global Zero Trust Browser Security Market. Read the Report . See Seraphic in action Book a personalized 30 min demo with a Seraphic expert. See Seraphic in action Book a personalized 30 min demo with a Seraphic expert.