SermonAudio Home News My Feed My Library My Church Sermons Newest Sermons Newest Videos Staff Picks Featured Sermons Top Sermons Webcasts Broadcasters Speakers Series Recent Comments Radio Hymnal & Psalter Daily Devotional Church Finder Promotional Tools Site Map Back Radio Back Sermons By Scripture By Category By Topic By Language By Date Collections Become a Broadcaster Broadcaster Dashboard #NewYear See latest sermons, podcasts, broadcasts pertaining to the topic of the New Year. View Collection The Story of SermonAudio The Story of SermonAudio FILM has been released in celebration of our 25th anniversary and is available for your viewing enjoyment now! Watch the Film! Launching Global Sermons We have officially launched Global Sermons with 46 languages—an entirely new service for our broadcasters on SermonAudio that facilitates translating sermons from any language into any other language using the latest in AI. Global Sermons! Transcripts and Smart Edit SermonAudio is a platform for preaching, whether it be audio or video. But increasingly, the transcript of sermon is becoming increasingly important. So, we’ve now built the tools that take transcripts from “nice to have” to truly indispensable. Sermon Editing! SA Independence Day! NOV 7 was our Independence Day. It's when we took a giant leap in cutting the cord with the cloud. Independence Day! Top Sermons Traffic & Trends On a platform hosting millions of sermons, Top Sermons serves as a helpful guide for both first-time visitors and regular listeners alike. Read about Top Sermons Articles We're excited to introduce a brand-new feature: Articles — a simple and effective way for broadcasters to write, publish, and share written content such as devotionals, blogs, announcements, and more — directly on SermonAudio. Read about Articles Vault AI Vault AI — everything great about AI, without the risks: secure, private, and under our control. Read about Vault AI Fast Search / Slash Search The feature you didn't know you needed is finally here. Once you begin using it, you'll wonder how you ever did without it. Read about Fast Search Vacant Pulpits The following churches have indicated that they are seeking a pastor or pulpit supply. View Vacant Pulpits Audiobook Initiative The Audiobook Initiative by SermonAudio utilizes voice-cloning technology to make available an extensive collection of historic books from renowned preachers of the past into the audiobook format. The Audiobook Initiative Live Webcasting Overhaul Welcome to the future of live webcasting on SermonAudio. It’s more than an upgrade—it’s a transformation that changes everything. Live Webcasting 2.0 THE VAULT Preserving sound preaching for posterity. Learn About The Vault Live Webcasts See All 4 Live Tuesday Night Q & A Mark Summers 50m Grace Bible Fellowship 7 Live Tuesday Live - Hosea 4:11-19 -- "Keep Thy Heart" Jamen Wikler 43m Legacy Baptist Church 6 Live Live Webcast Patrick Bujak 47m Metropolitan Baptist Church 15 Live Live Webcast Sam Epley 44m Temple Baptist Church Featured Sermon The Beauty of the Body of Ch.. The Beauty of the Body of Christ Ken Wimer • March 23, 2025 200+ 0 Shreveport Grace Church - 1 Corinthians 12:12-31 Play Audio Play Video Previously Featured See All Our Living Union with Christ Our Living Union with Christ 32:54 Bill Parker • 5/18/25 300+ 0 Eager Avenue Grace Church - 1 Corinthians 15:12-23 A Success of Christian Life How to make a Success of the Christian Life 45:48 Gerard Hemmings • 10/23/16 6,600+ 2 Berean Baptist Church - 2 Corinthians 11:23 The Date of Christ's Return The Date of Christ's Return 31:21 Dr. Stephen Kim • 11/9/25 200+ 1 Armed Forces Church - 2 Thessalonians 2:13-17 31:21 Most Amazing Prayer Answered The Most Amazing Prayer Answered 29:31 Dr. Peter Masters • 9/28/25 1,000+ 0 Metropolitan Tabernacle - Luke 23:34 Jesus has come to save His p.. Jesus has come to save His people 39:54 Pastor Caitano V de Souza • 12/25/25 100+ 0 Wealdstone Evangelical Church - Sunday Service 39:54 Promoted Sermons Promote a Sermon 27:06 Strive for the Things of God Herbert Hensley • 12/7/25 Nebo Free Will Baptist Church 44:31 Thechorus of the coming King Rev Kyle Graham • 12/28/25 Lock Free Presbyterian Church Create a free User Account! Get the most out of SermonAudio Sign up for a free SermonAudio user account and gain access to useful features that can enhance your experience, including the ability to follow broadcasters, view a personalized feed, bookmark sermons, and more. Learn More SA Spotlight Bob Jones University If you are a prospective student with an interest in computer science and technology, please consider studying at BJU. Promoted Content Martyn-Lloyd Jones Sermons Enjoy the Sermon Library of Dr. Martyn Lloyd-Jones! mljtrust.org Amicus Ecclesiae Helping ministries efficiently distribute their content online. amicusecclesiae.org Harvest Media Web Design, Media and Creative Agency harvestmedia.com VCY America Christian Information Radio. TV. Online. vcyamerica.org Create an Ad Use our Promotional Tools to advertise on SermonAudio Privacy Policy • Articles of Faith • More © Copyright
  2025 SermonAudio.