Field Service Management Made Easy | Service Fusion Sales & Support (888) 902-0304 Contact Status We’re Hiring! Refer & Earn Sign In Talk to Sales hidden Product Tour hidden Field Service Management hidden Field Service Scheduling hidden GPS Fleet Tracking hidden ServiceCall.ai hidden FusionPay hidden Flat Rate Integration hidden Service Fusion Edge hidden Industries hidden HVAC & Refrigeration hidden Plumbing hidden Electrical hidden Appliance Repair hidden Overhead & Garage Door hidden Locksmith hidden Irrigation hidden Pool hidden Remodeling hidden Cleaning hidden Solar hidden Water Treatment hidden Landscape hidden Air Duct hidden Painting hidden Alarm hidden Septic hidden Roofing hidden Gutter hidden Handyman hidden Carpet Cleaning hidden Commercial Food hidden Chimney Sweep hidden Tree Care hidden Carpentry hidden Snow Removal hidden Window Cleaning hidden Pressure Washing hidden Concrete hidden Features hidden Packages hidden Why Service Fusion? hidden Knowledge Center hidden Content Type hidden View All hidden eBooks hidden Guides hidden Infographics hidden Videos hidden Whitepapers hidden Service Fusion Blog hidden Field Service Management Stats to Keep in Mind hidden Get Free Demo Talk to Sales 4.5 (2,369 reviews) Boost Productivity 40% with an All‑in‑One Field Service Management Software What features are you most interested in? Scheduling & Dispatch Invoicing & Payments Customer Management Jobs & Estimates Technician Mobile App GPS Fleet Tracking Contactless eSign Email Address This field is required. Please enter valid email. Get a Demo Features Schedule & Dispatch Estimate Creation Customer Management GPS Tracking Invoicing & Payments Technician Mobile App Scheduling & Dispatching Automatically plan routes. Optimize for speed, fuel costs, vehicle capacity, driver schedules, traffic conditions, weather, customer preferences, and more. Adjust routes in real time while drivers are in the field. Get Free Demo Estimate Creation Generate estimates that automatically populate with service rates, tax calculations, customer info, and more. Pre-built and custom templates. Let technicians create estimates in the field via mobile app and instantly convert into active work orders. Get Free Demo Customer Management Single source of truth for contact details, service history, estimates, contracts, communication, and customer notes. Access anywhere via mobile app. Get reminders for appointments, emails & SMS, follow-ups, and more. Get Free Demo GPS Tracking Track service vehicles in real time. Monitor location, distance driven, idle time, engine status, and fuel level. Track driver behaviors, including sudden braking and rapid acceleration. Get Free Demo Invoicing & Payments Auto-generate invoices from completed jobs. Automatically include materials used, labor costs, taxes, and discounts. Capture payments online or on site. Track payments, due dates, unpaid invoices, and more from one dashboard. QuickBooks integration. Get Free Demo Technician Mobile App Let drivers view schedules, access service requests, accept or reject jobs, view customer information, create & close work orders, generate invoices, accept payments, and more via mobile app. Send updates via push notifications. Get Free Demo What Field Service Management Customers Are Saying I have been in the HVAC business for over 55 years, and this is the best all around software for running my business. Charles Howe Howe to Fix Heat and Air I'm able to have a work-life balance that I didn't have before. Now I know the work is scheduled. Now I know the work is going to get done. Darrell Elliott Elliott AC Heating & Handyman Services Service Fusion coming into the middle of growth helped simplify and develop organization and procedures and automated processes that helped. Ryan Amerson Energy Attic We can quote the customer, get them exactly what they need, get the sale done, do the job and then take payment right there from them. Scott Airitam Liberty Air & Heating Hands down the best scheduling platform for service-based businesses Lucinda W. Service Fusion is very effortless to use. Yvonne P. It is very user-friendly. It is also effortless to customize it to fit your company's needs. Amanda S. Service Fusion has allowed us to streamline our scheduling, dispatch and service completion in the last five years. This has enhanced our efficiency and has raised our profitability. Russell S. Thanks to Service Fusion, we can now use our field teams more efficiently.This saves us time and money. Ali Riza O. The customer service is one of the best i have seen! Aryan G. How it Works? 1. Create & Assign Jobs Generate work orders in a single click. Drag and drop to schedule and assign to technicians. 2. Dispatch & Send Reminders Let techs view job details, navigate to sites, and capture payments in app. Send reminders to customers on the day of their work order. 3. Track Status View locations and status for all technicians. Communicate in app and send updates via push notifications. Streamline field service management. Field Service Software that Increases Productivity and Efficiency From customer management to fleet and business operations, manage it all from one field service management solution . Learn More GPS Fleet Tracking That Gives You Complete Visibility Gain insight with advanced reporting and analytics. Plus, fleet tracking capability. Learn More Field Service Management Industries We Work With HVAC & Refrigeration Overhead & Garage Door Plumbing Locksmith Electrical Appliance Repair VolP Phone Software Built for Service Contractors Easily manage customer communications and expectations from one solution. Learn More The Payment Platform Built for Service Contractors Quickly convert estimates to jobs, then invoice and accept payments online and in the field with our Stripe mobile card reader Learn More How We Serve Field Service Management Businesses Like Yours 5 M+ Jobs Created Annually 6,500 + Customers 40,000 + Active Users 95.7 % CSAT Score Ready to learn more about Service Fusion? Get Free Demo Stay Informed Get the latest news and insights plus, Service Fusion offers and updates. Thank you for your submission. About Blog Contact Us Support Press & Media Privacy Policy Careers Partners & Integrations Get Support Sign In © 2025 - Service Fusion | Privacy Policy