Facilities Management Software & Automation Platform | ServiceChannel Skip To Content Solutions Solutions ServiceChannel Platform The #1 facilities management software ServiceChannel Managed Collaborative services to accelerate results Service Provider Marketplace Source high-performance providers Use Cases Work Order Management Software Facility Asset Management Software Preventive Maintenance Software Maintenance Inventory Software Provider Performance Data Analytics and Insights Spend Optimization Compliance and Risk Sustainability Capital Planning and Projects Program Transformation What’s New Take our free facilities management Maturity Assessment to see how your business stacks up. Take Assessment Your business at its best. Get Started → Customers Industries Restaurant Grocery Retail Luxury Retail Convenience Store Healthcare Financial Services Spa & Fitness Education Function Facilities Management Operations Construction Sourcing & Procurement Finance Your business at its best. Get Started → Providers Provider Solutions Get Started Integration Services Welcome to Provider Central Resources Resources Blog Case Studies Ebooks Events Podcast Reports Tools Videos Webinars About About Us Careers Leadership Partners Press Support Customer Support Provider Support SC University for Customers SC University for Providers Take a Tour Book a Demo Talk to Sales Facilities Management that Elevates Your Brand ServiceChannel empowers facilities and store operations to provide the best possible guest and employee experience. Get a Demo Tour the Platform [1:39] Trusted by 500+ leading brands globally Deliver top notch locations with less stress Leading brands across industries partner with ServiceChannel to accelerate the performance of every asset, service provider and location. Go from good to great, with less hassle and cost, with data-driven facilities solutions for multi-location businesses. Operational Excellence Made Easier Keep things running smoothly and increase revenue by leveraging the full potential of your facilities team and budget. Visibility Into All Assets and Work Orders Instead of putting out fires, prevent them. Proactively manage every location through  preventive maintenance and work order management. Agile Facilities Give the Competitive Edge Greater control brings greater freedom to rapidly shift priorities, resources, and workflows without impacting customer experience. ServiceChannel is a vital tool for managing our 2,000+ facilities. For running a multi-site restaurant, it's a must. Roger Goldstein Executive Director of Facilities Our stores loved the easy access, fast response and the ability for them to get back to customers efficiently and quickly. Having analytics is also huge for us in being able to operate more strategically and proactively, including boosting the speed and quality of our decision making. Alan Donohoe Facilities Manager, Louis Vuitton ServiceChannel Refrigerant Tracking enables us to provide a healthy and clean environment for our customers while saving money on energy costs and remaining compliant. Craig DeGroat Maintenance Manager, Tops Friendly Markets With the level of detail ServiceChannel provides, I now have data to show the finance and operations team that it may be time to replace a revenue generating asset, this has made my life so much easier. Jim Pearson Maintenance Manager, Cal's Convenience Our solutions Whether you have your own Facilities team, or you’re looking for a partner to manage the day-to-day, our flexible solutions are tailored to your business goals. Our Solutions ServiceChannel Platform Get a single source of truth for simplified, insight-driven automation across your locations, with the #1 facilities management software. Learn more ServiceChannel Managed A collaborative approach to facilities management-as-a-service. Less work and cost for you, with better results. Learn more Service Provider Marketplace Reduce facility downtime and costs by working with the top providers in every trade and region, based on actual performance data. Learn more Our solutions Whether you have your own Facilities team, or you’re looking for a partner to manage the day-to-day, our flexible solutions are tailored to your business goals. ServiceChannel Platform Get a single source of truth for simplified, insight-driven automation across your locations, with the #1 facilities management software. Learn more Level up your facilities management strategy Take our free facilities management Maturity Assessment to see how your business stacks up. Take the Free Assessment We serve leaders across a range of industries, including: Restaurant Grocery Retail Luxury Retail Convenience Store Financial Services Spa & Fitness Education Healthcare See your brand thrive As your data-driven source of truth for managing assets and service providers, ServiceChannel enables peak performance for multi-location brands through our software platform, service provider marketplace, and expertly-managed services. Top brands use one integrated Facilities Management Platform to automate work orders, manage service providers, deliver amazing customer experiences — and higher ROI. Learn more. See Solutions Thought leadership All Resources Report Grocery Grocery Facilities Benchmark Report This report highlights the key metrics used by leaders from Facilities, Real Estate, Procurement, and Finance to assess the performance and cost-effectiveness of their facilities programs. With the pressure on profit margins in the grocery industry, every dollar spent on physical assets matters. Plus, with the ever growing variety of departments and consumer offerings, the reliability of assets and the quality of the customer experience matters more each year. Podcast Retail Maintaining a Billion Dollar Asset Fleet With RJ Zanes, Senior Director, Facilities Maintenance at Sam’s Club Taking great care of an asset fleet is a direct way to drive customer loyalty. This episode features an interview with RJ Zanes, Senior Director of Facilities Maintenance at Sam’s Club. Prior to Sam’s Club, RJ held operations roles at JLL, Daifuku, JBT Aerotech. On this episode, RJ discusses maintaining a billion dollar asset fleet, how he drives accountability through quality assurance, and why his number one goal is providing member delight. Ebook Ready, Set, Go — Three Phases of Enterprise Asset Management From HVAC to refrigeration, lighting to the point of sale, asset downtime compromises customer experience and profitability. So, how can you make sure that your facilities deliver the best possible brand performance? The key is a long-term strategy for asset management. It’s a win-win for both. You’re providing that good quality service and ServiceChannel rewards you with the business. Jordana Gennaro Co-Owner, Gennaro Plumbing Check out the full story Let’s get started Breathe easy, talk to one of our experts today Tell us about your challenges and we’ll help you craft the right solution so you can you hit your goals. Let's Talk Get updates in your inbox English | French | Italian © 2025 ServiceChannel® 30 Patewood Drive Building 2, Suite 350 Greenville, SC 29615 1-800-508-6695 Your Privacy Choices Solutions Resources Partners Terms of Service Glossary Contact Sales Customer Support Provider Support SC University for Customers SC University for Providers Customer Champion Program About Press Careers Privacy Policy (Updated) Cookie Policy PSIRT Policy Supplier Diversity