Dedicated Bare Metal Server Provider | servers.com Contact us Why servers.com Network Customer Stories Data center locations Available IP carriers Network Performance Round-Trip Times All Customer Stories Gameye Ark Technologies Ceeblue nanocosmos Vindral Voiso Makea Games Lupon Media Binarity More Screens VoiceInteraction GoNET FxGrow Nitrado North America Dallas Miami San Francisco Washington South America São Paulo Asia Pacific Hong Kong Singapore Europe Amsterdam London Luxembourg Network Available IP carriers Network Performance Round-Trip Times Customer Stories All Customer Stories Gameye Ark Technologies Ceeblue nanocosmos Vindral Voiso Makea Games Lupon Media Binarity More Screens VoiceInteraction GoNET FxGrow Nitrado Data center locations North America Dallas Miami San Francisco Washington South America São Paulo Asia Pacific Hong Kong Singapore Europe Amsterdam London Luxembourg Company Privacy policy Cookie policy Legal About servers.com Industries SaaS Streaming Gaming iGaming Adtech Fintech Web3 Products Dedicated servers Cloud storage Cloud servers Firewall Kubernetes clusters Private racks Load balancing Private cloud Forex VPS Resources Report terrorist content Knowledge base API Service status Abuse reporting News Blog Whitepapers Events Contact us Customer portal Bare metal servers with cloud flexibility We offer reliable, high-performance Dell PowerEdge rack servers of the latest generations in 26
 data centers around the world. Provision servers in 40 minutes Popular server configurations are provisioned automatically in 40 minutes; estimated provisioning time is shown during the ordering process. Learn more High performance network Access to the IP networks of top carriers, including CenturyLink, Cogent, Telia and a selection of regional providers. Learn more Tailor made solutions for your business We provide a full suite of computing, storage, and network services with our main focus on single-tenant infrastructure solutions. Learn more Best in class support included Live chat with our expert support agents and get a response to your ticket in 15 minutes or less - no bots here. Learn more Provision servers in 40 minutes Popular server configurations are provisioned automatically in 40 minutes; estimated provisioning time is shown during the ordering process. High performance network Access to the IP networks of top carriers, including CenturyLink, Cogent, Telia and a selection of regional providers. Tailor made solutions for your business We provide a full suite of computing, storage, and network services with our main focus on single-tenant infrastructure solutions. Best in class support included Live chat with our expert support agents and get a response to your ticket in 15 minutes or less - no bots here. Buy Now Get in touch 4500+ Happy Customers prev next Our mission is simple 1 Make customers happy 2 Keep them happy The key to achieving that mission is our people. Working together to create partnerships and build trust. Hear from our employees about how we bridge the gap between traditional bare metal hosting and hyperscale cloud to deliver bare metal with cloud scalability. With world-class support from dedicated account teams. Oh, and no long-term contracts. 4 Continents, 10 Cities, 26
 Data Centers North America Dallas–Fort Worth TX, USA San Francisco Bay Area CA, USA Washington D.C. VA, USA Miami FL, USA South America São Paulo Brazil Asia Hong Kong Hong Kong Singapore Singapore Europe Amsterdam Netherlands London United Kingdom Luxembourg Luxembourg Asia Hong Kong Hong Kong Singapore Singapore Europe Amsterdam Netherlands London United Kingdom Luxembourg Luxembourg Servers.com shares this goal of putting the customer first, making working together second nature. John Rendemonti Co-Founder, Apex Hosting Read Apex Hosting customer story Get in touch Do you have a specific project, need to make changes to a specific configuration, or have different needs? Get in touch to discuss other options. Get in touch Meet some of our team Isaac Douglas Chief Revenue Officer With a decade in hosting and video game hosting, Isaac knows the big mistakes and how to help customers avoid them. Dog dad to Lilly, he owns all the tools and lives his best lawn life. Stephen Brock Global Director of Sales Self-styled Head of Fun, Steve works hard to develop our teams as experts on helping alleviate constantly evolving customer pain-points and enable growth. He’s a keen golfer and BBQ-er. Gillian Ainsley Global Director of Marketing Our process queen, Gilly drives positive marketing outcomes thanks to her exceptional organisation. Mum of two, she still finds time to eat, drink, dance, run, travel and sometimes sleep. Oleksandr Lavrenchenko Account Manager Team Lead Oleksandr works with Servers.com largest customers, ensuring they get a true enterprise level experience. He built his first PC at eight years old. Jamie Daniel Senior iGaming Sales Executive Jamie Daniel is our iGaming expert and understands the unique challenges faced by the industry. When not cultivating a magnificent beard, he’s working from our UK office. Jarrod Palmer Head of Gaming Jarrod Palmer is our gaming industry specialist. He knows the issues our customers face and how best to help them. He's also a great Warzone player and is the UK office FIFA champion. Aleksandra Klasberg HR Director As HR Director, Aleksandra looks after every one of us while building our inclusive culture. She spends her spare time walking dogs from the local shelter. Alexandra Svishcheva Head of Customer Support Alexandra leads our Customer Support and is always looking out for innovative ways to better help our customer teams. She loves testing herself with a quiz. Artem Dombrovskyi Solution Architect Team Leader Artem leads our Solution Architect team. A gym and cycling enthusiast, he also makes sure our solutions are in top shape. Get in touch Meet some of our team Isaac Douglas Chief Revenue Officer With a decade in hosting and video game hosting, Isaac knows the big mistakes and how to help customers avoid them. Dog dad to Lilly, he owns all the tools and lives his best lawn life. Stephen Brock Global Director of Sales Self-styled Head of Fun, Steve works hard to develop our teams as experts on helping alleviate constantly evolving customer pain-points and enable growth. He’s a keen golfer and BBQ-er. Gillian Ainsley Global Director of Marketing Our process queen, Gilly drives positive marketing outcomes thanks to her exceptional organisation. Mum of two, she still finds time to eat, drink, dance, run, travel and sometimes sleep. Oleksandr Lavrenchenko Account Manager Team Lead Oleksandr works with Servers.com largest customers, ensuring they get a true enterprise level experience. He built his first PC at eight years old. Jamie Daniel Senior iGaming Sales Executive Jamie Daniel is our iGaming expert and understands the unique challenges faced by the industry. When not cultivating a magnificent beard, he’s working from our UK office. Jarrod Palmer Head of Gaming Jarrod Palmer is our gaming industry specialist. He knows the issues our customers face and how best to help them. He's also a great Warzone player and is the UK office FIFA champion. Aleksandra Klasberg HR Director As HR Director, Aleksandra looks after every one of us while building our inclusive culture. She spends her spare time walking dogs from the local shelter. Alexandra Svishcheva Head of Customer Support Alexandra leads our Customer Support and is always looking out for innovative ways to better help our customer teams. She loves testing herself with a quiz. Artem Dombrovskyi Solution Architect Team Leader Artem leads our Solution Architect team. A gym and cycling enthusiast, he also makes sure our solutions are in top shape. prev next Get in touch Do you have a specific project, need to make changes to a specific configuration, or have different needs? Get in touch to discuss other options. Get in touch Industries SaaS Streaming Gaming iGaming Adtech Fintech Web3 Products Dedicated servers Cloud storage Cloud servers Firewall Kubernetes clusters Private racks Load balancing Private cloud Forex VPS Resources Report terrorist content Knowledge base API Service status Abuse reporting News Blog Whitepapers Events Why servers.com Data center locations Round-Trip Times Customer Stories Available IP carriers Network Performance Follow us: Privacy policy Cookie policy Legal Contact us: sales@servers.com © All Rights Reserved. Servers.com