Invented for life | Bosch Global Skip to main content Products and services Company Careers Products and services Main Navigation Products and services Overview Mobility At home Industry and trades Stories Main Navigation Stories Overview Topics Main Navigation Stories Overview Topics Overview Artificial intelligence Energy efficiency at home Hydrogen — energy for the future Battery Technology MEMS Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems Electrification Podcast — From KNOW-HOW to WOW AI Chatbot Frizz #LikeABosch Main Navigation Stories Overview #LikeABosch Overview Work #LikeABosch Latest topic Topic Artificial intelligence at Bosch for a better future Latest stories Company Main Navigation Company Overview Leadership Annual report Facts and figures Investor relations Compliance Our history Main Navigation Company Overview Our history Overview A journey through our history Company founder Robert Bosch Videos about Bosch History History Blog Supply chain Main Navigation Company Overview Supply chain Overview Purchasing Logistics Information for business partners Latest CEO blog Blog post CEO blog AI that gets things moving History stories Sustainability Main Navigation Sustainability Overview Responsible corporate governance Product responsibility Sustainable supply chains Environment Associates Main Navigation Sustainability Overview Associates Overview Diversity, equity, and inclusion Society Sustainability reports and figures Sustainability stories Research Main Navigation Research Overview News Research Stories Research Blog Research Fields Main Navigation Research Overview Research Fields Overview Automation Digitalization and connectivity Artificial intelligence Electrification Climate action and sustainability Healthcare Research Publications About Bosch Research Main Navigation Research Overview About Bosch Research Overview Working at Bosch Research Our research experts Research locations Research stories Careers Main Navigation Careers Overview Why Bosch Main Navigation Careers Overview Why Bosch Overview Benefits Diversity, equity, and inclusion Associate stories Career opportunities Job offers Fields of work Career stories Press Contact Top reads Topic Artificial intelligence at Bosch for a better future Story Bosch Tech Compass 2025 Do we have the AI skills we need for the future? Bosch annual report 2024 Close Select a language English Deutsch Find your local website Bosch at CES® 2026 Season’s greetings About us Our open positions Get in touch Our products for your home Show all products Home appliances Power tools Garden tools Measuring tools Cleaning tools Heating, cooling, and well-being Smart Home Our solutions for business clients Mobility Explore our complete portfolio of mobility solutions Industry and trades Discover our products and services for industry and trades Explore our stories Explore all stories Our topics Bosch develops innovations that provide solutions to the major challenges of our time. How? It’s all explained in our focus topics. Artificial intelligence AI for a better future Is the world prepared for artificial intelligence? This topic takes a look at the most important questions around AI and at the same time shows how Bosch is already using AI to make the world a better place. Energy efficiency Saving energy at home is easier than you think The world needs more eco-warriors — but becoming one is easier than you might think. This topic explains how Bosch's innovative technologies enable a sustainable and climate-friendly lifestyle. Hydrogen Energy of the future Hydrogen technologies will be a central enabler of the energy transition. In this topic, you will learn more about the current state of the art and what steps are necessary for this promising technology to reach its full potential. Battery technology More than just a means of storing energy Innovations from Bosch are making batteries more durable, more powerful, and more sustainable. They provide the energy that keeps our world moving forward. This topic explains how this key technology keeps our modern world moving forward. MEMS-sensors Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems Sensors play a fundamental role in our modern life and are essential for enabling technologies of tomorrow. Read more to learn about the vast range of areas of application of MEMS sensor technology, such as climate and forest protection. Automated driving New era on the roads The invention of the automobile revolutionized people’s lives. Now we are on the threshold of the next big technological leap: automated driving. Explore the technologies that enable automated driving and that are already in widespread use today on our topic page. Electrification Electricity drives us Electricity inspires us to constantly invent new things. It also confronts us with new challenges, such as climate change and the increasing global demand for energy. Read more about Electrification. Bosch on social media Follow us for the latest information about the company. Bosch customer service You need service or support? Our customer support is here for you whenever you need it. To contact overview Work #LikeABosch — Apply now. Bosch Global Careers Become a business partner. Purchasing and logistics Invented for life General contact info Product security (PSIRT) Innovations, patents, and licenses Purchasing and logistics Corporate information Legal notice Data protection notice (Privacy Policy) Accessibility Privacy settings © Robert Bosch GmbH 2025, all rights reserved