Home × Research Carl Sagan Center for Research Learn about our research Our Science Team Search our science, technology & education teams Research Affiliates Postdoctoral Research Fellows Science Council Fields of Study Astrobiology Astronomy & Astrophysics Data Science Exoplanets Heliophysics Planetary Exploration Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI) Awards for Science Excellence The Drake Award Carl Sagan Center Director's Award The Tarter Award SETI Forward Award Published Research Activity Reports Featured Projects SETI at the Allen Telescope Array (ATA) COSMIC - SETI on the Very Large Array (VLA) LaserSETI FDL – Applied AI/ML Research InVADER – Hydrothermal Vent Research CAMS – All-Sky Meteor Detection See All Projects Research Grants Current Research Technosignature Grants STRIDE Grants ARDC Grant SETI 101: Core Concepts & Projects The Drake Equation A Primer on SETI What is SETI Research? Project Ozma Project Phoenix Arecibo & the Arecibo Message Protocols for an ETI Signal Detection The Fermi Paradox Signal & Image Processing UAPs The Wow! Signal The Drake Equation Become a SETI  Institute Scientist Education Center for Education Learn about our educational programs Staff Recommended Resources Search our recommended books, movies, podcasts, articles, etc. Education Programs Community College Internships Summer Internships NASA Community College Network (NCCN) Astronomy Activation Ambassadors (AAA) Reach for the Stars – NASA Science for Girl Scouts Unistellar College Astronomy Network (UCAN) ARISE Project Education Resources AAA Curriculum NCCN Database Girls Go to Mars Voyages Through Time Life in the Universe Sun, Earth, Moon & Eclipses Activity Guide SETI 101: Core Concepts & Projects The Drake Equation A Primer on SETI What is SETI Research? Project Ozma Project Phoenix Arecibo & the Arecibo Message Protocols for an ETI Signal Detection The Fermi Paradox Signal & Image Processing UAPs The Wow! Signal Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) SETI Forward About About Our Mission Our History SETI Institute in the media Contact Us Research Education Financials Audit Reports & 990s Annual Reports Staff Scientists, Engineers, and Educators Research Affiliates Leadership Science Council Directors & Advisors Board of Directors Science Advisory Board Council of Advisors Emeritus Board Career Center Working at SETI Institute Current Job Openings Become a SETI Institute Scientist Become a SETI Institute Affiliate Postdoctoral Fellowship Opportunities What We Do Research Education Outreach SETI Artists-in-Residence (AIR) Careers at SETI Institute Visit the Hat Creek Radio Observatory News & Events News Center Latest News Press Releases Planetary Picture of the Day Events Calendar Latest Events Conferences Conventions Exhibitions SETI Institute Events Science Lectures & Talks SETI Talks SETI Live Weekly Livestream Silicon Valley Astronomy Lecture Series (SVAL) Radio Shows & Podcasts Big Picture Science SETI Live Podcast Unique Experiences Explore Space at Sea by Swan Hellenic Cruises Publications & Newsletters Explorer Magazine Journey Monthly Newsletter Annual Reports SETI Institute Artist in Residence Program (AIR) About the Program Artists Exhibitions Partners Advisory Committee AIR News History Contact Media Resources Meet Our Experts Press Releases Fact Sheet Join Us Opportunities OZma Society SETI Stars SETI Constellations Ways to Give Give Now Make a Gift of Stock/Equity Matching Gift Information Enroll in Workplace Giving Other Ways to Give Questions? FAQ - Giving Contact Us - Giving Cancel Your browser does not support the video tag. Are we alone? Let’s find out. Leading the search for life beyond Earth. The SETI Institute is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit dedicated to finding out. News SETI Institute tracks pulsar “twinkle” to reveal how space distorts radio signals SETI Institute team used the Allen Telescope Array to track subtle “twinkling” in a nearby pulsar’s radio signal over 10 months, revealing how interstellar gas introduces tiny timing delays that can be corrected to improve precision studies in pulsar science and SETI. News SETI Institute announces Adrien Segal as recipient of the Planetary Futures Residency Planetary Futures, a two-year research-creation fellowship focuses on climate and planetary science that fosters collaboration between artists and scientists to inspire public dialogue and action. News SETI Institute Invites Applications for the 2026 Mino Postdoctoral Fellowship This research program offers an exceptional opportunity for talented early-career scientists worldwide to contribute significant advances. Applications must be submitted by January 16, 2026. News REU Applications now open! Applications are now open for the SETI Institute’s summer 2026 REU internships, offering undergraduates the chance to conduct hands-on astrobiology and astronomy research with SETI Institute scientists while exploring field sites, observatories, and professional development activities in California’s Bay Area. Application submission deadline is February 1, 2026. News Visitors from the Stars: Understanding Comet ATLAS Without the Hype Our visitor offers a rare scientific opportunity. 3I/ATLAS is special not only because it’s rare, but because it’s a time capsule from another star system. News In search of what’s news? The latest industry news, interviews, technologies, and resources. VIEW ALL News Dec 22, 2025 • AIR • SETI AIR Newsletter • Bettina Forget • Adrien Segal • Bart Kuipers • Daniela Brill Estrada • Julie-Michèle Morin • Brittany Nelson • Daniela de Paulis SETI AIR Newsletter - December 2025 Dec 19, 2025 • SETI • Radio Astronomy • 3I/ATLAS • ATA • Optical SETI • Technosignatures Breakthrough Listen observations of interstellar object 3I/ATLAS Dec 19, 2025 • Blog • Simon Steel Earth 2.0? Maybe Not: Intelligent Life Might Be Far Rarer Than We Think Dec 22, 2025 • AIR • SETI AIR Newsletter • Bettina Forget • Adrien Segal • Bart Kuipers • Daniela Brill Estrada • Julie-Michèle Morin • Brittany Nelson • Daniela de Paulis SETI AIR Newsletter - December 2025 Dec 19, 2025 • SETI • Radio Astronomy • 3I/ATLAS • ATA • Optical SETI • Technosignatures Breakthrough Listen observations of interstellar object 3I/ATLAS Dec 19, 2025 • Blog • Simon Steel Earth 2.0? Maybe Not: Intelligent Life Might Be Far Rarer Than We Think VIEW ALL News SETI Institute Postdoctoral Fellowship Opportunities Learn More & Apply About What We Do At the SETI Institute, we explore the origins of life, the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, and the mysteries of the cosmos. Through cutting-edge research, education programs, and public outreach, we strive to expand humanity's understanding of the universe. Research We lead scientific investigations into planetary environments, astrobiology, and the search for life beyond Earth. Education Our educational initiatives inspire and train the next generation of scientists, fostering curiosity and innovation. Outreach We engage the public with space science and discovery, making complex scientific ideas accessible and exciting for all. Careers Searching for life is a team sport. Want to join? Career Center Research Featured Projects VIEW ALL ATA • Radio Astronomy • Hat Creek Radio Observatory • HCRO The Allen Telescope Array (ATA) The ATA is the first radio telescope designed from the ground up to be used for SETI searches. #ATA #Radio Astronomy #Hat Creek Radio Observatory #HCRO COSMIC • VLA COSMIC The Commensal Open-Source Multimode Interferometer Cluster (COSMIC) is a new commensal Ethernet-based digital signal processing backend and computer cluster on the VLA in New Mexico operated through the NRAO. #COSMIC #VLA Unistellar • Citizen Science Unistellar Network Leverage your Unistellar telescope's power and join our community to observe intriguing astronomical events such as supernovae and exoplanet transits, while making a valuable contribution to research. #Unistellar #Citizen Science Mar 24, 2025 The Allen Telescope Array (ATA) The ATA is the first radio telescope designed from the ground up to be used for SETI searches. #ATA #Radio Astronomy #Hat Creek Radio Observatory #HCRO Mar 24, 2025 COSMIC The Commensal Open-Source Multimode Interferometer Cluster (COSMIC) is a new commensal Ethernet-based digital signal processing backend and computer cluster on the VLA in New Mexico operated through the NRAO. #COSMIC #VLA Apr 25, 2025 Unistellar Network Leverage your Unistellar telescope's power and join our community to observe intriguing astronomical events such as supernovae and exoplanet transits, while making a valuable contribution to research. #Unistellar #Citizen Science VIEW ALL Research Key Research Concepts What is the Drake Equation and how is it used in our research? How are we searching for life in the universe? What will we do if we detect a signal? How do we know the best places to look for life? Video How SETI Designed A Telescope To Look For Extraterrestrial Civilizations In 2025, we invited Scott Manley for a tour of the Allen Telescope Array in Hat Creek, CA. Take an in-depth look of the facilities and research happening at the Hat Creek Radio Observatory ! Watch on YouTube Support Us Support the SETI Institute Scientists are getting closer in their search for life beyond earth. But with limited federal funding for the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, supporters are the reason cutting-edge scientists can keep their eyes on the sky. DONATE NOW Join our newsletter Join our newsletter Sign up to receive the latest news about research, talks, exclusive articles, and podcasts. Subscribe Charity Navigator SETI Institute is a 501 (c)(3) organization. We are proud to be recognized as a financially accountable and transparent, 4-star charity organization by Charity Navigator. Get your SETI Institute Gear A percentage of every purchase goes to support SETI Institute research. SHOP NOW Our mission is to lead humanity's quest to understand the origins and prevalence of life and intelligence in the universe and share that knowledge with the world. Contact Us 339 Bernardo Ave, Suite 200
                    Mountain View, CA 94043, United States Phone: (+1) 650-961-6633 Fax: (+1) 650-961-7099 Media Inquiries: [email protected] Careers: [email protected] General Questions: [email protected] Follow Us © 2025 SETI Institute. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Free cookie consent management tool by TermsFeed Generator