Learn
Integrations
Features
Industries
Pricing
+1 (800) 749-4920
Login
Start FREE
Free scheduling software

Organize your business with 24/7 automated online booking, reminders, payments, and more.

Start FREE
 
Spotlight your brand

Brand experience hits a whole new level with a custom Booking Page. Show why your business stands apart and enable people to self-book at their convenience.

Create your Booking Page
Stay one step ahead

Share your online Booking Page and every new appointment lands in your calendar.

Reach global customers

Add 1-click Zoom or Google Meet video meeting links to your appointments.

Get paid in advance

Forget about chasing invoices by accepting payments easily and securely online.

No more no-shows

Let Setmore fire out personalized email or text reminders to every customer.

3 steps to success 🏆

Create your Booking Page to display your services and real-time availability online.

Show your business in its best light. Add your logo, branding, an Instagram stream, and reviews.

Max out your calendar by linking your Booking Page with your site, Facebook, and Instagram.

Who’s talking about us
Get your free scheduling app now

Step right up and manage all of your bookings through one online appointment scheduler. Seamless automation enables your business to run like clockwork.

Windows
macOS

Android and IOS mobile apps are also available.

Believe the hype

Spend more time providing memorable customer experiences. Your free online booking system handles the legwork of appointment management.

 
It’s all about connecting 🤝

Integrate your free appointment scheduler with your website, social media, sales CRM, and a range of the world’s most popular apps. See all integrations

Stripe

Collect debit or credit card payments on booking.

Salesforce

Collect debit or credit card payments on booking.

Google Calendar

Sync calendar events between Google and Setmore.

Zoom

Host 1:1 consultations and group classes online, from anywhere.

Square

Get paid for your services with Square, Cash App and more.

Instagram

Encourage new bookings by streaming posts to your Booking Page.

Facebook

Get booked directly from your Facebook business profile.

Stripe

Collect debit or credit card payments on booking.

Salesforce

Collect debit or credit card payments on booking.

Google Calendar

Sync calendar events between Google and Setmore.

Zoom

Host 1:1 consultations and group classes online, from anywhere.

Square

Get paid for your services with Square, Cash App and more.

Payments made simple

Get paid your way—online or in person. Choose between Stripe, Square, or PayPal and access features like Tap to Pay, Booking Page payments, and more.

Connect payments
Give customers the power to book any time

Feature your free QR code on marketing, merch, and more. One scan and your Booking Page appears.

With all-hours self-booking and easy payments, free online appointment scheduling software helps fill your calendar faster.

Let’s get started
 
We’ve got you

All customers receive around-the-clock support from Team Setmore. Reach out by phone, chat, or email. Your journey means everything.

Access exclusive Pro features with a money-back guarantee

Sign up for ProBook a demo
People ❤️ Setmore
Laura Gomez, TDC Digital Agency

“Setmore is a hidden gem. We are so, so happy we found it.”

Sean O’Connor, Happy Dental

“Setmore has definitely helped us grow, there’s no two ways about that.”

Athar Khan, Law Offices Of Athar A. Khan

“I think it has definitely helped with no-shows.”

Lendale Johnson, The Johnson High Performance Tennis Academy

“Setmore has been the glue to the academy.”

Aaron Goulding, South Coast Pet Dental

“I can be literally Anywhere and schedule people.”

Athar Khan, Law Offices Of Athar A. Khan

“I think it has definitely helped with no-shows.”

What's your plan?

Highly recommend Setmore to anyone. I must have tried a zillion apps and you can trust me that this is the best!

— Sruthi Ravindran

Need more options to suit your larger organisation? Work with us to create an all-in-one booking system that grows with you. Contact us

Get Pro

Unlimited users

$
5
 user / month

annual billing - free plan $0 per month, pro plan $5 per month, team $5 per month.
Annual billing
Start Pro
24/7 HUMAN SUPPORT
Unlimited appointments
Accept payments
Branded Booking Page
Branded Mobile App
SMS & email reminders
Email confirmations
Recurring appointments
2-way calendar sync
Remove Setmore branding
Block customers
Google Reviews
iOS and Android apps
Custom notifications & reminders
Team collaboration tools
Donating 1% to plant trees
Start Free

Up to 4 users

$0 user / month

Start FREE
24/7 HUMAN SUPPORT
200 appointments
Accept payments
Branded Booking Page
Branded Mobile App
Email reminders
Email confirmations
Integrations with leading apps
iOS and Android apps
Team collaboration tools
Explore all features
FAQs
What’s an online Booking Page?​
What’s the difference between my Setmore calendar and Booking Page?​
How do I take online payments in advance?
Can I connect Setmore with other calendars?​
How can I get more customers with free appointment scheduling software?
What do I get with my Setmore account?​

For more information, explore our features, integrations, and use cases.

Make time for what truly matters
Start FREE
Feed your mind

Sharing the wisdom is just one way we lift each other up. What’s on your reading list?

help@setmore.com
because
Mission
Integrations
Features
Pricing
Industries
Blog
Guides
Partners
Support
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Status
Sitemap
Blog Sitemap

1,896,951 trees planted

Setmore is donating 1% of revenue to plant trees all over the globe.

Download the app

Donwload on the

Get it on

Download for

© Setmore Appointments
|
CO2 414.4ppm
|
Why are we CO2 dating?
|
Language: English

You are here: The Pale Blue Dot 

🍪 We want to provide you with the best experience. By using this site, you agree to our cookie policy. Got it