SetupVPN - Your Free VPN Service Support: E-mail Us Report Abuse Abuse Home How it works? Faq Register Download Lifetime Free VPN! No strings attached and no hidden charges. Enjoy a truly free VPN software wherever you are in the world. We want to give everyone a free account to enjoy our service. If you enjoy our service and want a little more in terms of speed and features, you should definitely check out our Premium service. You will receive a lifetime free account with SetupVPN. No strings attached! We do not push premium service on our customers. Download My country has government level web filtering. SetupVPN has helped me to access Facebook, Twitter and YouTube without spending a single cent! It is completely free and I really enjoy it. Thanks! Our company has a very restrictive firewall and I had a hard time being social while I am working. SetupVPN has helped me with that. I recommend SetupVPN for all colleagues that have problems at work to get online. I have been using SetupVPN for several months. It has always been fast and I would recommend it to everyone. I have had a good experience using it at school. Thanks for your service. Our Mission is to fly to the Moon and Back! We believe that a satisfied client-base makes a business successful, so value all our customers and take pride in having a satisfied client-base. Feel free to contact us for anything, especially concerns or feature requests. We accept constructive criticism and will be happy to receive such criticism in order to improve our service. We have been serving clients since 2015 with VPN infrastructure and gaining new experiences every single day. We are like a big family and we want to welcome everyone onboard. Premium Features Given for Free! We provide all our clients with most features for free. Our team wants to give you the most convenient VPN experience with SetupVPN. Your joy is our joy. Native Encryption All our communication is SSL-based and encrypted. This is the latest encryption standard. Our servers are up-to-date and you don't have to worry about sensitive data you send through the internet. Premium Support You will get an account manager assigned to you when you first sign up.  You can also email us to get faster support. We will answer as quickly as possible. Wi-Fi Protection We protect all the  data you send through public Wi-Fi even  if you use the SetupVPN add-on while you are at café or restaurant, or other public space. Multiple Locations We have over 100 locations around the world and we are constantly adding more. Best Speed & No bandwidth restrictions Depending on the country you pick, we measure your connection speed and try to improve it with our next update. You deserve the fastest speed wherever you surf. No Configuration Required Install our add-on, register for an account and choose a country to get started. There is no hassle with our configuration. You don´t need to be tech-savvy to get a VPN. Download We build the infrastructure you enjoy your freedom! Our technology allows you to unblock almost any website all around the globe, without exception. We are constantly improving our service, so we can skip various protections. Having a VPN business does not tolerate constant structures; you need to spend time and be creative because protection methods all over the world are different. Our team is constantly adapting our technology. We appreciate your business and trust! © 2014-2024 All Rights Reserved. SetupVPN is a registered trademark End User License Agreement Terms of Services Privacy Policy Premium support for everyone with fast response times. Please do not hesitate to contact us. SetupVPN Services Our staff is online
Monday to Friday from 8am to 6pm EST SetupVPN Inc Coral Gables, Florida 33134 USA.