Website Monetization Platform for Ad Optimization | Setupad For Publishers Setupad Self-Serve Setupad Bidder Setupad Managed Prebid Setupad CMP Setupad WordPress Plugin For Advertisers Resources Ad Formats Blog FAQ Glossary Case Studies Content Library Newsletter AdTech News About Our Story Careers Referral Contact LOG IN English Español ( Spanish ) Most up to date technology for website monetization Your browser does not support the video tag. [Fullscreen] Tailored Monetization Products Advanced Prebid Technology Prebid Server-Level Connections Sign Up Now! First Google Certified Publishing Partner in Baltics Prebid.org Tier 3 Technology Partner Our Products Setupad Self-Serve For publishers who prefer to manage their ad operations independently and have their own SSPs Solve IT bottleneck Remotely control your Prebid settings—no need to rely on IT for live changes on your website. Improve Demand Management Add direct SSPs without the hassle of individual adapter implementations. Use both Prebid Client and Server connections, and easily remove underperforming demand partners. Opt into Setupad’s reseller accounts to cover any missing partners. Level-up Prebid Configuration Adjust key Prebid settings, like timeouts and smart ad refresh intervals, to fine-tune ad delivery. Run A/B tests to analyze and maximize revenue performance. Learn more Setupad Bidder Setupad Bidder offers a direct connection to premium demand – unlock the power of Prebid server auctions and access top SSPs to maximize your revenue potential Increase Ad Revenue Leverage the Prebid Server solution and S2S connections without switching Prebid providers. Prebid Server can win up to 40% of all Prebid auctions, increasing bid density and pushing all demand partners to bid higher. Improve Loading Speed Server-side connections occur within a single, faster response call compared to Prebid Client connections. This setup reduces timeouts, improving both viewability and user experience. Reduce Code Weight By moving SSPs from client-side connections to the server-side, the weight of adapter is minimized, improving site performance. Learn more Managed Prebid For publishers who want a hassle-free experience, our managed service offers a complete solution that handles every aspect of your ad operations. Hassle Free Management We handle everything from onboarding and tech support to troubleshooting, ensuring Prebid runs smoothly on your site. Our AdOps team continuously monitors your website’s performance, fine-tuning ad delivery to maximize revenue growth. Premium Demand Optimization Connect your direct SSPs and benefit from Setupad’s top-tier reseller SSPs to ensure your inventory is always filled with high-quality, high-paying ads. Adtech Consultation Ensure full Prebid compatibility across all platforms on your website. Prebid drives the best results when properly optimized with Google AdX and direct campaigns. Learn more Client Success Stories +309% Monthly Ad Revenue Increase “Switching to Setupad was extraordinarily beneficial, resulting in a remarkable increase in ad revenue. Compared to standalone Adsense, our revenue skyrocketed by more than 300%. ” Joacim Founder of Ascii-code.com Read case study +192% Monthly Ad Revenue Increase “Setupad helped us with the layout of the mobile version, which was basically reinvented. We got rid of the poor-performing ads and added more top-performing mobile ads. ” Dmytro Head of Digital at Kyivpost.com Read case study +Doubled Prebid Demand “Firstly, compared to traditional methods of direct buying, we use less workforce for media buying. This leaves more time for our employees to hone their digital expertise and provide better services for our clients. ” Team Inspira Grupa Read case study Advancements Lightweight Auction Controller Code Our lightweight Auction Controller code, delivered via Cloudflare, hosted in Azure and Setupad proprietary CDN, speeds up ad loading times by connecting to the nearest ad server. Why it’s important? Faster auctions lead to more filled ad impressions and improved viewability. Prebid.js Custom Template for Demand Partner Management Prebid.js automated template includes a Prebid Server solution, enabling efficient management of demand partners across both client-side and server-side connections. Why it’s important? The fully compressed template enhances targeting precision based on geolocation, connection type, and ad placement, while conserving visitor resources. Single-Call Setupad Ad Server Setupad ad server allows you to connect to multiple demand partners with a single call, speeding up the bidding process and increasing demand. Why it’s important? Faster bid responses and a broader range of advertisers lead to more revenue opportunities and quicker ad load times. Hybrid Header Bidding Solution Our comprehensive header bidding solution integrates four key auction technologies to maximize competition and revenue: Prebid browser-side, Prebid server-side, Google’s Open Bidding, and Amazon’s Transparent Ad Marketplace. Why it’s important? It ensures the highest possible earnings by enabling more advertisers to bid for your ad space, optimizing your revenue. Smart Ad Refresh Algorithm A smart ad refresh algorithm that secures the average eCPM and complies with Google policies. Why it’s important? The algorithm takes into account user behavior and only refreshes viewable ads, thus generating extra ad revenue for the publisher. Learn More About Our Products Setupad Self-Serve For publishers who prefer to manage their ad operations independently and have their own SSP accounts. Learn More Setupad Bidder For publishers seeking a direct connection to premium demand—unlock the power of Prebid Server auctions. Learn More Managed Prebid For publishers who want a hassle-free experience, our managed service offers a complete solution that handles every aspect of your ad operations. Learn More Setupad in Numbers International websites 500 + Successfully monetizing their ad inventory with Setupad solutions Partners (SSPs) 31 We have formed great partnerships with the industry leaders Each month we monetize 4 + Billion Ad impressions worldwide Products Setupad Self-Serve Setupad Bidder Setupad Managed Prebid CMP WordPress Plugin Learn Blog Webinars FAQ Newsletter About Referral Program Privacy Policy Careers About Us Contact Strēlnieku iela 8 - 40, Riga, Latvia, LV-1010, [email protected] +371 29127951 Žygio g. 97A, LT-08236 Vilnius, Lithuania Socials © 2015 - 2026 Setupad.com SETUPAD Inc. All Rights reserved.