Shop
Get the App
How to Sezzle
For Business
Sign Up
Log In
Buy Now Pay Later with the Sezzle App

Shop in-app or in-store, and buy now pay later in 4 easy installments over 6 weeks & no interest.¹

Get Started
Experience More in The Sezzle App. Rated 4.8 stars on 210+ ratings with other 11.9M app downloads.
Shop Now. Pay Later. Your Way.

Wherever you shop, Sezzle fits right in with interest-free¹ pay later options and app-exclusive perks.


Virtual card
Pay Later Anywhere

Use Sezzle at thousands of stores or create a virtual card to shop anywhere you love.

Start Shopping >

Price comparison
Smarter Shopping Tools

Compare prices, find deals, and earn titles spent with the exclusive app only perks.

Discover Perks >

Payment plan
Take Control of How You Pay

From checkout to payoff, Sezzle puts you in control of how you pay.

Manage Payments >

Trending Brands

Get exclusive access and deals at the top brands you already know & love.

Hotels.com

Hotels.com Buy Now Pay Later

Amazon

Amazon Buy Now Pay Later

Walmart

Walmart Buy Now Pay Later

Airbnb

Airbnb Buy Now Pay Later

Lyft

Lyft Buy Now Pay Later

DoorDash

DoorDash Buy Now Pay Later

Uber

Uber Buy Now Pay Later

Carnival Cruise Lines

Carnival Cruise Lines Buy Now Pay Later

Ebay

eBay Buy Now Pay Later

Nike

Nike Buy Now Pay Later

Target

Target Buy Now Pay Later

Shein

Shein Buy Now Pay Later

Easily Shop Online or In-Store

Download the Sezzle app, set up the Virtual Card, and start paying later at top brands like Amazon, Target, & Walmart.²

Get Started
Financially Empowering the Next Generation

Financial freedom is a right, not a privilege. We’re here to help you achieve financial freedom and take control over your finances so you can build your future.

Trusted by Millions of Shoppers



Ratings as of 11/6/25


Get the Best Experience. Download the Sezzle App. Get the App.

NMLS ID #1950862

Facebook
Instagram
Tik Tok
X
Youtube
LinkedIn
Download the Sezzle App on the Apple App Store.
Download the Sezzle App on Google Play Store
Sezzle is the official jersey sponsor of the Minnesota Timberwolves

Sezzle © 2025. All Rights Reserved.

Choose your language
en-US
fr-CA
en-CA
Shoppers
How to Sezzle
Download the App
Shop with Sezzle
Shopper Help
Shopper Log In
Brands
Products
Shopper Sign Up
For Business
For Merchants
For Partners
Brand Assets
Merchant Help
Merchant Log In
Express Checkout
Partner Help
About Sezzle
Mission and Values
News
Investors
Careers
Other Information
PCI DSS Level 1
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
State Privacy Policy
My Privacy Choices
Employee Privacy Policy
Merchant Agreement
Accessibility
Compliance
Licenses, Fees, & Disclaimers

¹Pay later loans are originated by WebBank or Sezzle. Refer to your loan agreement for lender information. For example, for a $300 loan Pay in 4, you would make one $75 down payment today, then three $75 payments every two weeks for a 45.0% annual percentage rate (APR) and a total of payments of $307.49 which includes a $7.49 Service Fee (finance charge) charged at loan origination. Service fees vary and can range from $0 to $7.49 depending on the purchase price and Sezzle product. Actual fees are reflected in checkout.

²Sezzle Virtual Cards are issued by both WebBank, and Sutton Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A Inc. The issuer of the card will be displayed at the time of issuance. See User Agreement for details. Sezzle provides access to financing in the form of installment loans. Sezzle is not a bank.

We use cookies to provide you with a personalized experience and continually improve our website. Declining our cookies may interfere with your use of our site and services. For more information on cookies, or how to manage your preferences, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Decline