Santa Fe College - Gainesville, Florida Skip to main content Skip to search Skip to Navigation Skip to the footer For Students For Employees Give to SF Search Apply Light Mode Dark Mode Light Mode Dark Mode Toggle Search Toggle Menu For Students For Employees Give to SF Academics Accreditation Academic Calendar Adult Education Advisement Career & Technical Education Community Education Continuing Education Honors Program International Education Library Programs of Study Register for Classes SF Online Admissions Get Started Assessment Center Campus Visits Career Coach Degree Options Financial Aid Florida Residency High School Programs International Student Services Request Information Students Child Care Counseling and Wellness Center Disabilities Resources Learning Commons Library Paying for College Police Department Scholarships Student Life Transcripts Veterans Services Visitors and Friends Athletics Campus Visit College for Kids Community Education Fine Arts Foundation Jean Klein Rock Cycle Garden Kika Silva Pla Planetarium Museum of Earth Science Santa Fe Galleries SF Teaching Zoo Pillars of Service Sustainable Santa Fe About SF Accreditation Board of Trustees College News Consumer Information Directory Facts SF History Timeline Human Resources Locations and Campus Map Marketing & Communications Office of the President Search Santa Fe College Search! advising center calendar canvas financial aid graduation learning commons programs testing center Information for... Future Students and Parents Current Students Faculty and Staff Quick Links Directory Library Calendar Bookstore Locations Police Department A - Z Index Give to SF Careers Santa Fe College Many services and some office hours available College closed Dec. 20 - Jan. 4 Learn More Admissions College Catalog Programs of Study Student Life College News Library Careers Upcoming College Dates College Closed Learn More 12/22 - 1/2 Spring and Spring A Classes Begin Learn More 1/7 Last day to ADD or DROP classes with no record and receive a refund for Spring & Spring A Learn More 1/14 Critical College Dates Dec 22 College Closed Jan 19 Martin Luther King, Jr. Birthday (College Closed) Mar 16 Spring Break (College Closed) View full college calendar Upcoming Athletics Events Loading... View All Athletics Find Your Career Career and Technical Education programs help you start your career in one to two years. Learn More Finish Your Bachelor's SF bachelor's degrees have day, evening and online options - and a very affordable
                           price. Learn More Guaranteed Transfer SF graduates are guaranteed admission at UF, FIU, NCF, UNF, USF, FAMU and UVI. Learn More Learning Commons Get free tutoring and academic coaching, including help with online classes. Learn More Ways to Pay Learn how you can save money with scholarships and financial aid. Learn More Get Into UF University of Florida accepts more students from SF than from any other college. Learn More Performance Rates The success of our students is moving Florida forward. 84% Current SF Overall Student Success Rate 97% Current SF Vocational Student Job Placement Rate #1 In the U.S. for Workforce Development by 2030 Apply to SF Military Friendly School 2023-2024 Purple Star Campus Designated Status First-Gen Forward helping first-generation college students succeed. Aspen Prize Winner for Community College Excellence Why SF? Apply to SF Visit SF Request Information Give to SF Facebook X (fka Twitter) Instagram YouTube Pinterest Linkedin 3000 NW 83rd Street Gainesville, FL 32606 352-395-5000 Contact Accessibility Transportation Locations Careers A-Z Index Commitment to Equal Access and Equal Opportunity Santa Fe College is committed to an environment that embraces diversity, respects
                  the rights of all individuals, is open and accessible, and is free of harassment and
                  discrimination. For more information, visit sfcollege.edu/eaeo or contact equity.officer@sfcollege.edu . SACSCOC Accreditation Statement Santa Fe College is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
                  Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC). For more information, visit sfcollege.edu/sacscoc .