SFist - San Francisco News, Restaurants, Events, & Sports News Politics Business & Tech Sports Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Contact Subscribe News Politics Business & Tech Sports Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Contact SF News SFO Closing One of Its Runways for Six Months in 2026 as Part of $180 Million Revamp Airport officials claim it will not lead to significant travel delays, but we’ll see about that when SFO closes one of its runaways for repairs from late March until early October 2026. December 31, 2025 SF Restaurants, Food & Drink That Magnificent Former Chevy's on the Waterfront In Emeryville Is Going to Become a Benihana Great news for Emeryville and people who like to dine with views of the bay, as a Benihana is coming to that shuttered Emeryville Chevy's space on the waterfront that's been closed for more than a year and a half. December 31, 2025 Business & Tech Waymos Are Parking In One- and Two-Hour Spots Around SF, and Car Owners Are Bound to Start Fuming About This The next autonomous vehicle scandal likely to start causing some noise in the new year is this: idle Waymos parking in coveted curbside parking spaces while waiting to be hailed for their next ride. December 31, 2025 SF News After Lick Observatory Gets Roof Piece Ripped Off by Extreme Winds, Scientists Race to Save 137-Year-Old Telescope The historically significant, 57-foot-long Great Refractor telescope near San Jose is in serious danger, after 110 mile-per-hour winds ripped a steel crescent off the Lick Observatory’s roof, and more storms are on the way. December 31, 2025 Business & Tech Now We Know How Hackers Reprogrammed Peninsula Crosswalks With Fake Elon Musk and Zuckerberg Messages Palo Alto and Menlo Park crosswalks were hacked in April to play fake, satirical messages from Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg. Hackers were able to do this because Caltrans just never changed the default factory passwords. December 31, 2025 SF Restaurants, Food & Drink Taco Bell Cantina, With Booze, Opens at Fisherman's Wharf Just in time for New Year's Eve, in case you were planning on spending your New Year's Eve near Fisherman's Wharf, SF's newest Taco Bell Cantina has opened its doors. December 31, 2025 SF News Solo Motorcycle Crash Leaves Rider Dead Near Golden Gate Bridge Toll Plaza A motorcyclist crashed Wednesday morning in the southbound lanes of the Golden Gate Bridge, just north of the toll plaza, and the crash was fatal. December 31, 2025 SF News New Year's Eve Headlines: Person of Interest In IHOP Shooting Shoots Himself A person of interest in the East Bay IHOP shooting allegedly shot himself in front of police; a UCSF expert warns about a spike in flu; and three hikers have died on Mt. Baldy in Southern California in recent days. December 31, 2025 SF News Day Around the Bay: California Delays Revoking Immigrants' Commercial Driver’s Licenses The SFPD has a new assistant police chief; some lady in Palo Alto is accused of pepper spraying a family in a road rage incident; and 17,000 immigrant truck drivers will not lose their licenses next week as had been planned. December 30, 2025 SF News New Residential Tower Nearly as Tall as Transamerica Pyramid Gets Approved A new tower in the middle of the city that will change the San Francisco skyline once more gained its approvals Tuesday after being stalled for years. December 30, 2025 SF Politics Scott Wiener’s Law Banning ICE Agents From Wearing Masks Takes Effect Thursday. Will ICE Abide? State Senator Scott Wiener got a law passed prohibiting ICE agents from wearing face coverings in California. We’ll find out when it goes into effect Thursday whether ICE agents will follow that law. December 30, 2025 SF News Man Fatally Shot Inside East Bay IHOP Where He Worked We're now getting some details about a Monday homicide in Richmond in which a man was killed in the restaurant kitchen where he worked. December 30, 2025 SF Politics Billionaires Going Berserk on Twitter Over Proposed California Billionaire Tax There’s a signature drive to put a 5% “billionaire tax” on the California ballot. It has not collected even one signature, but the billionaires are freaking out on Twitter with grand tantrums saying they will leave the state en masse. December 30, 2025 SF News LGBTQ Senior Housing Concern Openhouse to Build New 15-Story Tower Near Castro Neighborhood The organization that built an LGBTQ-focused senior housing complex on Laguna Street in the last decade secured funding earlier this month for a significant expansion on the other side of Market Street, with a new 15-story, 187-unit building. December 30, 2025 Arts & Entertainment Reminder: Skrillex is Playing Pier 80 Tonight, So Expect Noise Complaints From Both Sides of the Bay Windows will likely rattle everywhere from Potrero Hill to Alameda island Tuesday night, as ravelords Skrillex and Four Tet are playing Pier 80 in a show whose sound check last night indicated that things are going to get very loud. December 30, 2025 SF Politics Almost Would-Be SF Supervisor Beya Alcaraz Sued For Unpaid Rent In a piece of the ongoing epilogue to San Francisco Mayor Daniel Lurie's most high-profile blunders, his appointee to the Board Supervisors Beya Alcaraz is now being sued by a former landlord over allegedly unpaid rent for her former pet store. December 30, 2025 SF News Car Theft Suspects Allegedly Ram Into Four San Ramon Police Cruisers; One Officer Injured, Two Suspects Arrested The attempted bust of a stolen vehicle ring went sideways in San Ramon Sunday night, as the suspects allegedly started ramming into police cars and left one officer with minor injuries, and two of the four suspects got away. December 30, 2025 SF News San Francisco Man Arrested for Animal Cruelty After Allegedly Killing Dog San Francisco police arrested a man Monday in the area of Mission Rock for allegedly beating a dog to death, and he was booked on suspicion of felony animal cruelty. December 30, 2025 SF News Tuesday Morning Topline: Big Rig Overturns In Livermore A big rig overturned on an on-ramp in Livermore this morning; the fight over Trump's H-1B visa fee moves to an appeals court; and Santa Clara is getting excited about this weekend's Niners-Seahawks matchup. December 30, 2025 SF News Day Around the Bay: Measles Case Confirmed In Contra Costa County A person infected with measles might have exposed others at multiple Walnut Creek stores before Christmas; Benihana is opening 10 new Bay Area locations; and Republicans continue trying to erase the history of January 6th. December 29, 2025 SF News Take That, Fox News: SF Crime Was Down 25.5% in 2025, Third Straight Year SF Crime Went Down More evidence that the national narrative about crime in San Francisco is complete baloney, as the city sees its third straight year of crime rates plummeting, this year by a full 25.4% reduction in crime across the board. December 29, 2025 SF News SF Businesses Still Fuming Over PG&E Outages, PG&E Vaguely Indicates They Might Reimburse Businesses More Coming off three SF PG&E outages in a week, west side business owners are demanding more reimbursement from the utility. PG&E says they might oblige, but businesses have to fill out an application and then just hope for the best. December 29, 2025 Arts & Entertainment Oakland Rapper Budda Mack Takes Over Former Slim's Nightclub, Will Reopen It Next Month as The Budda A new club is coming to 11th Street in San Francisco's SoMa district, from Oakland-born rap artist Budda Mack, and it will be called The Budda. December 29, 2025 Arts & Entertainment Five New Year's Eve Parties In SF That You Can Still Grab Tickets For Still don't have any New Year's Eve plans and looking to lock down some tickets and get out of the house? We have a few ideas for you, at least a couple of which won't break the bank, and a couple of which might impress your new paramour. December 29, 2025 SF News With Rainy New Year's Eve Ahead, SF Hits 105% of Average Rainfall For the rain year to date, which began on October 1, San Francisco and Oakland are both above normal in terms of rainfall, and the rain total is only set to rise further before 2025 is out. December 29, 2025 SFist © 2025 • SFist Jobs • Best of San Francisco Privacy Policy Latest Posts Facebook Twitter Subscribe to SFist - San Francisco News, Restaurants, Events, & Sports Stay up to date! Get all the latest & greatest posts delivered straight to your inbox Subscribe