Home Movies TV Shows Top IMDB
SFlix
72.6k
Shares
 13.9k 14.1k 20.8k 15.3k 5.2k
View Full Site 

Watch Movies Online Free
SFlix is one of the best free sites to watch movies online for free in 2021. With no registration or payment required, you can binge-watch tens of thousands of movies and TV shows in HD quality seamlessly and safely. New titles are updated on the site daily to make sure fun never ends on SFlix. Should you not find your movie of interest, simply make a request and we will scour the Internet to provide you the content you have been longing for. 

SFlix is where you can get exclusive premium features at the cost of nothing. We provide HD quality, superb streaming capabilities, safe and private source links, and the ad-free feature completely for free! 

What is SFlix?
SFlix is a newly-created site that allows users to watch and download movies and TV shows online in HD quality for free. SFlix’s purpose is to become a free alternative to Netflix so movie enthusiasts can enjoy all the features that the giant streaming service offers without having to pay a dime. SFlix is created in order for movie fans to watch movies safely and seamlessly no matter what their financial situation is. We might have a long way to go to reach our goal, but we believe, with your support, it can be achieved soon. 


Is SFlix or 123Movies Better for streaming movies and shows?
123Movies is no doubt the most popular free movie site ever. At peak, 123movies welcomed 98 millions of users a month. To many movie fans, whenever they think of free movie streaming, the domain 123movies.to pops up. Unfortunately, the site was shut down in 2018 and since then, we haven’t heard any official news about a comeback from the team. In fact, multiple sites have been created to copy 123movies and they might be ill-intentioned. Visiting such sites might cause you troubles because they are all filled with malicious ads. For your complete security, you should stay with SFlix instead. Hackers have no chances to access your device or gain your private information on SFlix as we are free from ads and do not require any registration. 


Is It Illegal to Use SFlix?
We are currently accessible all over the world. SFlix is not technically a legal site, however, using SFlix for free online movie streaming is not illegal. According to copyright attorneys, you will only be convicted for a jail term or subject to criminal or civil charges when you share or download pirated content. If you insist on downloading videos to watch offline later, use a reliable VPN and proceed at your own risk. 


Is SFlix safe?
SFlix is a new site so it is understandable if our security is questioned. There has not been much feedback about the site’s safety for references, but you should not be worried about your safety here. SFlix is ad-free; therefore, you are safe from viruses, trojans, malware, and other malicious computer programs. SFlix does not require you to reveal any private information for a signup; therefore, you are also safe from information leakage and identity theft. Unlike other free movie sites, you do not need to use a VPN, anti-virus program, and ADBlock extension while binge-watching movies and TV shows on SFlix. Your movie night should be spent without any worries. And with these features, we are confident that it will be the best movie night you have ever had. 
- An enormous collection of movies and TV shows with multiple subtitles.
- HD Resolution (720p). Adjustable. 
- Private and safe streaming source.
- Fast load times and seamless streaming feature.
- Fast and constant content updates.
- Optimized UI & UX.  
- Mobile-friendly and Chromecast supported.
- No ads, pop ups, or commercials.
- No account or registration needed.
- Best customer service.

Are you struggling to look for free streaming sites that is the best alternative to Sflix? Or do your eyes hurt from watching blurry shows and movies? If your answer is yes, it’s time to check out this list of 9 top movies sites where you can watch movies in HD quality, with subtitles, and free of charge!
Many people are not so fond of websites with free movies online as it might make them prone to scams and viruses. It is never an easy job to find a trustful website to enjoy your watching carefree. Sometimes you spend hours to find one, frequent it, and later find it crashed. Then another circle repeats. But with this list containing 9 best streaming sites, you can always use them as alternatives for your top-notch watching experience.

Clear your schedule, thousands of HD movies and TV shows with subtitles are coming your way. Take a close look at these websites and choose one(s) that fit your interests/taste the best. However, some of them might be blocked.

1. 123Movies
This is arguably the most popular website for free streaming movies online. With its huge number of movies and shows, the site has reached a peak of 98 million users overall. You can almost find anything you want to watch here, if not, simply make a request and their staff will try their best to find it for you. No registration, up-to-date contents, HD quality, subtitles and even the option of surfing on more than one server, 123Movies HD is what everyone can ask for from a streaming site. Although 123Movies was shut down, there are rumors that it is still available on clone sites. It is only a VPN click away!
2. Fmovies
Set up in 2016, fMovies quickly found success thanks to its huge selection and convenience. The ads can be annoying but the quality of the site easily makes up for it. You can find mainstream movies, classics, and even indie ones on the site. You can also watch brand new movies while they are still being shown in the movie theater. The quality is mostly CAM, but you can save money from buying a ticket. fMovies is committed to pleasing their users with the request function. If you cannot find the movie(s) you want to watch, feel free to ask them to have it uploaded.
3. PrimeWire
This is the best option when you are looking to watch a new foreign movie. PrimeWire hosts a great selection of movies and series in English and a foreign language. You can find here your comedies, action films, animated films, European films, Hindi films, and even dubbed films/foreign subtitles. With its high quality translations, PrimeWire will make it an excellent experience to indulge yourself in foreign cultures. It might sound as a sophisticated website, but in fact, it is extremely user-friendly and easy to search.
4. GoStream
GoStream is one of oldest free streaming sites and it still remains strong on the top. With its seniority, the site boasts a huge selection of all categories, either classic or trendy. This user-friendly site is the most ideal place for those who love Hollywood and animated movies, and you can find a brand new film within hours after it is published there. All the movies, series here are kept on file-sharing hosts and uploaded by non-affiliated users.
5. CMoviesHD
Imagine endless watching without paying a dime! CMoviesHD is where you can do it. You can indulge yourself with numerous series and movies in HD resolution. No VPN needed, no registration, no commitment; all you need is a device, Internet, and time to watch. CMoviesHD is among the most updated websites, meaning that you can find the newest movies and series that might not even be shown in theaters yet. It is no exaggeration to say that CMoviesHD is one of the top-notch websites with free movies online.
6. Putlocker
Another streaming sites without restrictions for you to check out! This well-organized website makes it extremely easy for users as everything is classified by category and year of publication. Although Putlocker is still considered as a new kid on the block, its selection of films and series is simply impressive. Not to mention that, users can update contents on their own. By doing so, the site’s catalog can be enriched effortlessly. If you want to receive updates on movies, TV series, and movie-related news, don't forget to subscribe to Putlocker’s mailing list.
7. YesMovies
The site allows plenty of things that other streaming sites lack, which is the reason it is among the best ones to visit. YesMovies is one of a few streaming sites that are spruced up and have a very lightweight user interface, leading to a much smoother and faster searching/watching experience compared to other sites. With unlimited access, huge selection of movies/series, and no registration needed, YesMovies remain one of the best movie streaming sites at the moment. You can visit the site to download the movies you want to watch, or watch them online in HD/720p. 
8. LosMovies
Although LosMovies is among the youngest in the world of streaming sites, it stands out fabulously thanks to its display quality, from CAM to HD. This is an impressive place to enjoy free movies and television shows as users can share their own movies and series. Imagine finding someone who has the same taste, you are going to spend days watching their recommendations. You can also find classic animes, opuses, brand new movies that are showing/about to be shown in theaters, and new releases opening this week.
9. Movie4k
This site is one of the most popular movie streaming sites as it offers a wealth of content without showering you with ads and pop-up windows. Movie4k boasts a huge selection of movies and series in English or with subtitles. You can either watch movies online or download them for later use. With no registration needed, you can watch movies, series, and cartoons nonstop on the site in HD quality and it's totally free of charge. The catalog is well-organized, making it an easy experience to search/watch movies.
Go to SFlix 
Android App Terms of service Contact Sitemap 9anime
SFlix is a Free Movies streaming site with zero ads. We let you watch movies online without having to register or paying, with over 10000 movies and TV-Series. You can also Download full movies from MoviesCloud and watch it later if you want.

© SFlix