SFMOMA Skip to content Main navigation Please expect traffic delays on Minna Street near the parking garage entrance due to construction for the Minna Natoma Streetscape Project. Menu What’s On View Stories Art + Artists Visit Events Become a Member For Members Ways to Give For Educators Press Room Shop Membership Tickets Search Search Close Search for: Visit Exhibitions Events Membership Art & Artists Museum Store Press Room Join Our Team San Francisco Museum of Modern Art SFMOMA logo Now on View! KAWS: FAMILY Explore the family of pop culture-inspired characters created by KAWS. New Exhibition: Opened Nov 22 Alejandro Cartagena: Ground Rules Alejandro Cartagena’s photographs reveal the political, economic, and environmental forces shaping life in Mexico today. Gift a Membership Give Art, Make Memories Looking for the perfect holiday gift? Treat your loved ones to a year of art with an SFMOMA Membership! Get art delivered to your inbox Sign Me Up Now on View Suzanne Jackson: What Is Love Celebrate Suzanne Jackson’s groundbreaking artistic vision through more than 80 lyrical paintings and drawings from the 1960s to today. Art for All Families and Kids Guests 18 and younger always get in for free at SFMOMA! Learn more about our variety of family programs and resources. Explore KAWS's Brooklyn Studio Take a behind-the-scenes peek at KAWS’s artist studio and his creative process! Museum Store Find Gifts for All Give the gift of good design. Shop our Holiday Gift Guide and discover vibrant new finds, including exclusives you won’t find anywhere else. Stories Suzanne Jackson: Love, Peace, and Beauty In this interview, Jackson talks about her creative upbringing, the evolution of her work, and what it means to have her first major museum retrospective open in San Francisco. Footer San Francisco Museum of Modern Art SFMOMA 151 Third St San Francisco, CA 94103 About SFMOMA View on map 415.357.4000 Contact Us Hours Mon–Tue 10 a.m.–5 p.m. Wed Closed Thu Noon–8 p.m. Fri–Sun 10 a.m.–5 p.m. Visit Museum Store Hours Mon–Tue 11 a.m.–5 p.m. Wed Closed Thu Noon–8 p.m.Fri–Sun 11 a.m.–5 p.m. Shop Learn More Our DEI Commitment Join Our Team Rental Events Library + Archives Dining Options Social media Newsletter Sign-up © 2025 San Francisco Museum of Modern Art Legal links Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Collections Management Policy | Health and Safety Plans