The San Francisco Standard ADVERTISEMENT Skip to main content Open search bar and full menu Latest News Politics Business Opinion Culture Food & Drink Sports Games Podcasts Close menu Sign out Search query Search Latest News Politics Business Opinion Culture Food & Drink Sports Games Newsletters Podcasts Social Links (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) Homepage California’s billionaire tax, explained Will Silicon Valley’s tech moguls be screwed for life? The most unforgettable Bay Area sports moments of 2025 From the Warriors’ Game 7 win over the Rockets to the 49ers’ last-second stop against the Bears, this year will be remembered for dramatic endings. The year it became cool to bet on San Francisco real estate again Bargain buildings, the AI boom, and developer-friendly legislation are bringing back some heat. ‘I can’t wait’: After 45 years, SF’s cranky cookware queen is closing her doors Cookin’, the city’s one-of-a-kind vintage kitchenware store on Divisadero, closes on New Year’s Day. News View all News He left his hate in San Francisco: Trump’s year of hurled threats, heated tweets Though New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago faced extraordinary challenges, only one city managed to spend 12 months rent-free inside the president’s head. Retired teacher fights SFPD’s ‘Orwellian’ camera surveillance The police department is being sued over its use of Flock cameras that record license plates. PG&E confronts another SF fire and blackout Firefighters responded to a transformer fire Sunday night that led to additional unplanned power outages in the Richmond and Presidio. The ‘Let’s Go San Francisco’ Awards: Make your picks for the moments of the year Who won the year? We selected nominees in 15 categories. Now you get to choose the winners. ADVERTISEMENT Most Read 1 As an ‘assassin’ at QB, Brock Purdy has pried open the 49ers’ Super Bowl chances 2 San Francisco’s saddest restaurant and bar closures of 2025 3 24 events to ring in the new year in San Francisco 4 Kawakami: Well, who’s going to stop the implausible dream 49ers now? 5 An Oakland nonprofit just bought a ‘pizza slice’ of land in SF. Here’s why Politics View all Politics Pet-shop drama continues: Isabella ‘Beya’ Alcaraz sued for unpaid rent Exclusive The short-lived supervisor is on the hook for expenses at her former business, the landlord claims. This is what happens when your immigration judge is fired The SF court will be down to four judges in January. Thousands of asylum seekers will have to wait years more for their hearing dates. The 5 stories that defined San Francisco’s crazy politics in 2025 An Instagram-savvy mayor. A showdown with the feds. A 200-hour supervisor. In terms of political drama, 2025 was the gift that kept on giving. Sunset supervisor blasts PG&E over Christmas Eve outage near Great Highway Only a small area of the Sunset District lost power, but the neighborhood remains on edge after last weekend’s blackout. Business View all Business A year so bonkers, SF real estate saw spring in the fall How AI-fueled confidence trumped the “Trump Slump.” WTF happened to Waymo during the blackout? Industry experts have some guesses The power outage left robotaxis frozen in intersections. City leaders want answers. Interview: Marina Safeway developers say the law is on their side Exclusive Jason Chadorchi and David Balducci of Align Real Estate spent years avoiding attention. Their latest proposals have pushed them into the spotlight. Restaurants mourn lost sales, spoiled food in ‘nightmare’ PG&E outage Small businesses, which already have razor-thin margins, took a brutal hit right before the holidays. Editor’s Picks Daniel Lurie wants to take a scalpel to SF’s city charter. A hatchet would work better Opinion The sludge-filled city constitution needs a generational cleaning. We’ll see if the mayor’s willing to do the dirty work. By Adam Lashinsky PG&E and SF divorce? Lawmakers are getting papers ready after blackout The weekend outage has reignited a decades-old fight over who should control San Francisco’s power. The 5 stories that defined San Francisco’s crazy politics in 2025 An Instagram-savvy mayor. A showdown with the feds. A 200-hour supervisor. In terms of political drama, 2025 was the gift that kept on giving. Podcasts View all Podcasts Section 415: Inside the 49ers’ unlikely late-season surge Kyle Shanahan and Brock Purdy have turned San Francisco into an offensive juggernaut amid a six-game win streak. Go-Go’s singer Belinda Carlisle is a true California girl — and a bit of a rebel The singer-songwriter reflects on her rebellious teen years, recovering from addiction, and learning to let go of chaos. Sports View all Sports Kawakami: Kyle Shanahan is the most valuable coach of the year, and more bold thoughts Christian McCaffrey probably won’t finish with 1,000 receiving yards, but he’s the 49ers’ most essential star. Natalie Nakase is The Standard’s 2025 Bay Area Sportsperson of the Year With an unexpected run to the playoffs and immediate winning culture, the Valkyries are a tremendous success story. How a closing lineup adjustment helped the Warriors secure a clutch win in Brooklyn De’Anthony Melton and Will Richard stepped up in the final minutes against the Nets. The 49ers’ most complete offensive showing of 2025 sets up epic Week 18 showdown Kyle Shanahan’s offense accounted for six touchdowns in a 42-38 victory over the Bears. Culture View all Culture How the Bay Area’s tech billionaires behaved in 2025 This year was a “mask off” moment for our resident rich people. Our 7 favorite travel destinations this year From the tip of Northern California all the way to Mexico, these are the seven spots The Standard loved traveling to this year. It looks like a Cybertruck mated with a Vespa. But how does this $10K moped ride? Infinite Machine’s tricked-out two-wheel electric scooter is built like a tank and is on San Francisco streets. The best SF stories of love and lust this year Get cozy with the one you love and take a look back at our year in sex. Food & Drink View all Food & Drink Chicken, red sauce, and influencers gone wild: 10 trends that defined the year in eating From messy chef-influencer spats to the rise of fried-chicken vending machines, here’s a look at the biggest trends in the San Francisco dining scene this year. San Francisco’s saddest restaurant and bar closures of 2025 The city has largely recovered its dining mojo but lost some genuine institutions, including neighborhood icons and Michelin-starred gems. No beer, no wine, no problem — SF’s newest bottle shop sells spirits only Partnering with local producers like Brucato, the first SF location of Bitters & Bottles opens in a foodie hub off the Divisadero corridor. SF’s 12 best martinis, according to a panel of restaurant pros Whether you prefer them shaken, stirred, dry, or extra dirty, here’s where you should order them. Opinion View all Opinion Lashinsky: My answers to 11 questions that will define the city in 2026 Will Lurie stay popular? Will voters drive out incumbents? Will OpenAI dive-bomb? Adam Lashinsky peers into his crystal ball. By Adam Lashinsky Jackie Fielder’s first big legislative win was actually a huge loss The D9 supervisor not only watched her signature resolution get gutted by the mayor, but degraded herself in the process. By Lee Edwards Actually, SF needs more Miamification — starting in the Marina Mayor Daniel Lurie slammed a proposed Safeway redevelopment as “just not in line with what we are doing here in San Francisco.” But why is it not in line? By Allison Arieff A sordid spat is speeding to the ballot, and SF voters are caught in the crossfire Labor broke a tax agreement. Now business is retaliating. It’s a SNAFU moment in SF politics. By Adam Lashinsky Social Links (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) Footer Navigation About Us Staff Standards & Ethics Newsletters RSS Feeds Jobs (opens in new tab) Contact Us Tips Advertising Inquiries Sign In Membership Membership FAQs © The San Francisco Standard. All Rights Reserved. Legal Information Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Resident Rights Privacy Center