Skip to main content
SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY
Apply Now A–Z Calendar Login 
Search SF State
Search SF State Button
Main navigation
About
Academics
Admission + Aid
Student Success
Student Life
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Give
Quicklinks 
Expand
San Francisco State Home
Brighter futures ahead — enroll now! 

The SFSU fall 2026 application deadline for non-impacted majors has been extended to April 15.

Apply Now
Welcome to San Francisco State University

For Visual and Performing Arts Degrees

Hispanic Outlook on Education Magazine

Liberal & Creative Arts →

In the Nation for Social Mobility

The Wall Street Journal

Dean of Students →

Of Students Are First in Their Family to Attend College

Institutional Analytics

Education Opportunities →

Learn About SFSU

Our students know they belong to a diverse and inclusive community, free to explore and express their individuality.

Campus Life →

Innovation fuels our curriculum — our courses are culturally and socially enriching and unique to our university.

Academics →

Located in the hub of the Bay Area, we offer a powerful combination of education, art, culture, technology and career connections.

Location →

We are champions of equity and community inclusion and empower our students to pursue their educational dreams.

Student Services →

Academic Programs

Our graduates are leaders in science, business, public service, journalism and the arts. SFSU is part of the California State University (CSU), the largest system of higher education in the country granting bachelor’s and master’s degrees.

Explore by Program Type

First-Year or Transfer Students →

Graduate Students →

Online and Continuing Education →

Athletics

SF State Athletics has a proud tradition of competitive success within NCAA Division II and the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA). The Gators sponsor 10 intercollegiate sports teams: men’s and women’s basketball, men’s and women’s cross country, women’s soccer, softball, men’s and women’s track & field, volleyball and wrestling.

Athletics →

Gain Real World Experience

Go Beyond the Classroom

Participate in implementing the university's goals for international education and exchange.

Study Abroad →

International Opportunities →

Experiential Programs →

Conduct Research 

Engage in life-changing programs that have an impact both individually and to the broader community.

Research and Centers →

SFSU Community

Be a Part of Our Community

SFSU educates and equips students to thrive in a global society. We deliver academic excellence by pursuing knowledge, inspiring creativity, supporting our diverse community and advancing social justice and positive change in the world.

Visit SFSU →

Explore Our Campus with a Virtual Tour!

Explore our campus from the comfort of your own home with our virtual tour! This interactive experience allows you to discover key facilities, learn about campus life and get a feel for the environment — all at your own pace.

Explore Our Campus Now
View ADA Accessible Tour
Make It Possible

Student success at SFSU means holding our students to high expectations and offering them the support they need to reach them. As a campus with a social justice mission at our core, we hold excellence and equity to be fundamental and interlinking values: We want to see our students graduate with degrees that represent learning experiences of the highest possible quality, inclusive of all of our students. 

 

Affording SFSU

Every SFSU student should belong and matter, has the capacity to live a purposeful life and can positively impact the world. 

Affordability and Financial Aid →

 

Start Your Next Chapter Here

No matter where you’re from, what you’ve learned or who you think you’ll be, we’re ready to be the next chapter in your story.

Request Information →

 

Apply to SFSU

Join the nearly 24,000 students who enroll at SFSU each year and become part of our network of more than 293,000 graduates contributing to the economic, cultural and civic life of the Bay Area and beyond.

Apply Now →

Upcoming Events
Dec
24
	
University Closed
Wed, Dec 24, 07:00 am. - 11:59 pm.
Jan
08
	
Open University Online Info Session
Thu, Jan 08, 12:00 pm. - 01:00 pm.
Online
Jan
08
	
Graduate School Application Readiness
Thu, Jan 08, 05:00 pm. - 06:00 pm.
Zoom
More Events
Latest News
More News
Take the Next Steps
Request Information
Apply Now
Visit SFSU
San Francisco State University
1600 Holloway Avenue
San Francisco, CA 94132
(415) 338-1111
A California State University Campus
Accessibility
Equity and Community Inclusion
Environment and Sustainability
Title IX
Privacy Policy
Annual Fire Safety Report PDF
Annual Safety Report (Clery)
Parenting Students
University Ombuds
Document Reader
WASC Accreditation



Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
LinkedIn