SG.GS | Global Network Solutions for APAC and Beyond Products Cloud Connect Sky-high performance in the cloud DC Wave Your bridge between data centres IP Transit High-speed access to the global Internet IX Peering Global peering without barriers Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) Your corridor to the Internet Last Mile Don’t let your data fall at the last mile Ethernet Private Line (EPL) Your dedicated lane on the Internet highway Solutions APAC Reach Your trusted partner throughout APAC Singapore Metro Networking brilliance in our home country Universal Port Solution Seamless connection in a diverse landscape Data Centre Interconnect (DCI) Enabling Resilient Metro Interconnectivity Our Network Network Map Our PoPs, cables and offices PoP List Our extensive Points of Presence Why SG.GS About Us Learn more about our team Resources News & Events Our latest company updates Contact us Expand across ‍ APAC and beyond Unlock growth across Asia Pacific and emerging markets with SG.GS, your trusted network carrier for global reach, local expertise, and friendly customer experience. Get in touch Explore our global network Expand with confidence. Our 200+ Points of Presence across 30+ markets connect you to new opportunities, and to our resilient global internet backbone; AS24482. Explore Our Network Services we provide Discover our tailored product suite designed to craft a network infrastructure that adapts to your unique business needs. Cloud Connect Discover Cloud Connect DC Wave Discover DC Wave IP Transit Discover IP Transit IX Peering Discover IX Peering Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) Discover DIA Last Mile Discover Last Mile Ethernet Private Line (EPL) Discover EPL What we do As Asia Pacific’s friendly global wholesale carrier, we provide fully customisable, scalable and low-latency network solutions. Established in 2000, with offices in Singapore and London, we’ve built a strong reputation for unparalleled customer experience, infrastructure stability and in-depth regional expertise across APAC and beyond, underpinned by strategic partnerships and carrier-grade network infrastructure. With over 200+ points of presence across 30 markets globally, we offer various network services, including last-mile access, metro and international transport, remote Internet Exchange peering, cloud connectivity and internet access (AS24482). To explore our extensive global backbone, you can view our map here . About us Our strategic partnerships Updates from SG.GS HQ Events Meet us at CommsDay Wholesale Congress 2025 14-15th October 2025 Connect with Charles Ang, Business Development Director, who will be available throughout the event. News SG.GS expands network presence in North America 09/09/2025 We’re happy to announce a further extension of our global network, this time in North America. SG.GS now has four more points of presence (PoPs) in New York (Equinix NY2), Ashburn (Equinix DC3), Seattle (Digital Realty SEA10), and Toronto (Coloware YTZ1), signalling our continued growth to position ourselves as key international players in the telecommunications industry. Events Meet us at EPF 2025 15–17th September 2025 Connect with Dave Pumford, SVP & GM International, and Matthew Jepp, Head of Presales & Engineering, EMEA & NA, will be available throughout the event. Customised solutions designed and built for you We'll help design and build your global network solution from edge to cloud, connecting markets such as London to Singapore, New York to Taipei and even Johannesburg to Kuala Lumpur. Our technical pre-sales team are on hand to support your requirements, such as low latency, resilience or emerging market access. Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter By subscribing you agree to our Privacy Policy . You may unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter - welcome to SG.GS! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. SG.GS PTE LTD. All Rights Reserved. 2025 Registered in Singapore. UEN: 201417460E. PoP List Privacy Policy Terms of Service