Singapore Network Information Centre Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Go Singapore Network Information Centre (SGNIC) Pte Ltd Whois Go About Us Company Information Our Management Team Registration Statistics Contact Us / Feedback Domain Registration Overview List of Registrars Be Our Registrar .SG Categories & Rules .SG Security & Safeguard  - VerifiedID@SG Policies & Agreements FAQ Guides & Know-How SMS Registry Overview List of Participating Aggregators List of Organisations Sender ID Query SMS SenderID Registry FAQ User Agreement Rules of Registration Terms and Conditions InvoiceNow SMP TPM Announcements SGNIC News Industry Schemes & Promotions ITT / ITQ Archive FAQ Domain Registration Premium Domain Name Numeric Domain Name Domain Dispute Being a Registrar VerifiedID@SG Registry Lock DNSSEC SGNIC-IPOS programme SMS Sender ID Registry eGuide Search Welcome to SGNIC SGNIC  is committed to providing Internet registry and information services in an efficient, effective and reliable manner to enhance the security, stability and resiliency of the Internet Domain Name System (DNS) infrastructure in Singapore and to foster the integrity and growth of .SG domain names. Company Information Latest Announcements On ITT / ITQ 26 December 2025 (?) SGNIC-T-25006: Invitation To Tender (ITT) for the Provision of Maintenance and Support services for Amazon Web Services (AWS) environment for 1 year with the option for renewal Featured Scheme & Promotions Featured News On Scheme & Promotions 22 December 2025 (?) New Year Discount Fiesta 2026 - Get Your .SG domain for $18 or less! On ITT / ITQ 11 December 2025 (?) SGNIC-Q-25007: Invitation To Quote (ITQ) for the Provision of Managed 24x7 Level 1 Technical Support On ITT / ITQ 14 November 2025 (?) SGNIC-T-25009: Invitation To Tender (ITT) for the Provision of a Cybersecurity Code Of Practice (CCOP) for Critical Information Infrastructure (CII) Audit On ITT / ITQ 11 September 2025 (?) SGNIC-T-25007: Invitation To Quote (ITQ) for the Provision of Managed 24x7 Level 1 Technical Support On ITT / ITQ 10 September 2025 (?) SGNIC-T-25005: Invitation To Tender (ITT) for the Provision of Consulting Services for Cybersecurity Risk Assessment and Cybersecurity Tabletop Exercise Annually for up to Three (3) years Read More Questions? Top FAQs How do I check whether the name I intend to register is available for registration? To check the availability of the domain name you intend to register, you can visit our website - www.sgnic.sg - and key in the domain name in the WHOIS function. If the search returns a “Domain Not Found”, it means the domain name is available for registration, subject to the applicant meeting the registration criteria. What should I do if I need to update my contact information? You may reach out to your registrar to update your contact information. How do I transfer my domain name from one registrar to another registrar? The registrant should first obtain a "domain transfer password" from his current registrar. With this "domain transfer password", the registrant can then approach the new registrar (winning registrar) to effect the transfer. The winning registrar will then submit a ‘transfer of registrar’ request to SGNIC. The current registrar (losing registrar) may require any outstanding payments to be made before the domain name is transferred. The current registrar (losing registrar) may also explicitly approve or reject the transfer request. If the current registrar does not do so, the transfer process will be approved by SGNIC after 7 days from the date of the transfer request How can I know if the domain name I am using has run into a dispute with another party? You would receive a ‘Complaint Transmittal Coversheet’ from both the SDRP Secretariat and the party who has disputed your use of your domain name (the Complainant). The Coversheet will inform you that a complaint has been filed against your domain name registration. What is VerifiedID@SG? VerifiedID@SG aims to mitigate the use of fake identity information associated with a ‘.sg’ domain name registration, so as to minimise domain name abuse and enhance the trust of .sg websites. VerifiedID@SG requires the administrative contact of a ‘.sg’ domain name to verify the identity and contact information of the registrant. How can I find out more about Singpass and Corppass? To find out more about and learn about Singpass, visit the Singpass page <here> . To find out more and learn about Corppass, visit the Corppass “Find Out More” page <here> . Should you require further support on Corppass, please visit the Corppass “FAQ” page <here> . To learn more about Corppass functionalities and how to use them, you may view Corppass step-by-step guides and video guides <here> . View More We use cookies to gather information and improve your online experience. By accessing and using our website, you agree to this use of cookies. For further details, refer to our Privacy Policy . ok About Us Domain Registration SMS Registry InvoiceNow TPM Announcements FAQ Sitemap Contact Us / Feedback Privacy Policy | Copyright . All rights reserved.