Shadow PC Cloud Gaming - Your Windows PC in the Cloud Shadow.tech For Gamer For Pro Launch Shadow PC in Browser Shadow Drive Login United States United Kingdom France Suisse (FR) Schweiz (DE) Deutschland Nederland Canada (EN) Canada (FR) Österreich España Italia Sweden Denmark Cloud Gaming Offers How it works Play on Mac Resources Drive Watch demo Start Now PLAY ON CHROMEBOOK ChromeOS Users Your Chromebook becomes your new gaming PC USEFUL LINKS Downloads How to play Help Center Blog FIND US ON Linkedin Twitter (X) Youtube Instagram Twitch Discord Enterprise About Shadow Careers Press Kit Genymobile For Gamer For Pro Launch Shadow PC in Browser Shadow Drive Offers How it works Play on Mac Resources Downloads How to play Help Center Blog Drive About Shadow Careers Press Kit Genymobile Linkedin Twitter (X) Youtube Instagram Twitch Discord Up to -35%¹ Discover the new, limited-edition Premium Pack series and dive into 12 months of flawless Cloud Gaming. Discover our discounts Powered by: Scroll The best Cloud Gaming PC. Play your favorite games. Discover all offers All your games Shadow is a full Windows PC, streamed with ultra-low latency. Install any game* from Steam, Epic, Battle.net or any other platform, and play. PC games on Mac Shadow is the best way to play Windows games on Mac. No complexity or compatibility issues. Your Mac becomes the ultimate gaming rig. Any device Play on all your devices:** Windows, Linux or Apple computers, smartphones, tablet, Android TV or any Browser.  If it has Internet, it's now a gaming PC! High Settings High resolution gaming with RTX/DLSS support is part of the Shadow magic.  Forget about tweaking.  Simply enjoy your games at their best. Turn any screen into an RTX gaming PC Play, create, or work on any device with the power of a full Windows gaming PC in the cloud. Why Shadow is the best gaming platform Run all PC games and Windows apps* Play on any device, at anytime** No playtime limit Full mods and gaming tools support 1-click performance upgrades Included 1 Gbps ultra-fast bandwidth Subscribe Cloud competitors Limited game library Supports multiple devices Limited session duration Limited mod and tool compatibility Simple upgrade process Bandwidth varies or unspecified Gaming PC Run all PC games and Windows apps Limited to single PC Unlimited playtime Supports all mods and gaming tools Requires manual hardware upgrades Depends on your local internet speed Play Windows games on Mac Are you a Mac user? Shadow PC-style Cloud Gaming is the best solution for playing Windows games on macOS! Access to all your Windows games* on your Mac Native performance (no emulation, no virtualization) Compatible with all Macs (Macbook Air, Macbook Pro, Mac Mini, iMac etc.) Also compatible with Apple TV, iPhone and iPad Play Windows games on macOS Cloud gaming , with Shadow PC With Shadow, access a full Windows PC in the cloud, ideal for cloud gaming . Access your games and your libraries on Steam, Epic Games Store, Ubisoft Connect, Battle.net, GOG, etc., as well as all of your software, tools, and mods , just like on your local computer! Unlike traditional cloud gaming solutions, cloud gaming from Shadow doesn’t limit you to a catalog of games: cloud gaming from Shadow means the freedom to install and use all* your software on your Shadow PC! Shadow combines the power of cloud gaming with the freedom of a local PC. What our users say Guillaume V. “The application is very easy to use and proper operation depends solely on the quality of the connection. The hardware provided works perfectly and is very efficient.” Johannes H. “I've had shadow pc for almost 2 years. Being able to play Steam games on my phone in super quality and without slowdowns is great. I recommend.” Axel “Shadow is my favorite. I can play my games even if my computer doesn't have the necessary power, thanks to my internet connection and my Shadow pc online! Pure pleasure.” Your high-end computer ready in 3 steps 1. Sign up on shadow.tech and choose the plan that best suits your needs. 2. Install the Shadow app or connect via the web at " pc.shadow.tech ". 3. Buy your games, launch Shadow, install your softwares on your Shadow PC, and start playing; it’s that simple! Discover Shadow PC Built for gamers. Tailored for professionals. Unleash your productivity and save money by switching to Shadow PC. Cloud RTX workstations that fuel your creativity and scale with your needs. Powerful Windows computers in your browser, ready in a click. At the lowest price. Discover Shadow for Pro FAQ Is it cloud gaming or a gaming PC? Shadow combines the best of both worlds. It's a powerful RTX gaming PC you access through a streaming subscription. You can install and use all your regular Windows apps and games*. Plug multiple screens and gaming peripherals. The PC is yours, just like a local one. We simply "Netflix-ified" it, so that you focus on what matters. No need for maintenance, upgrades or hardware replacement. Keep your devices, log in, and play.** Can i play any game or install any app? Shadow does not restrict you from playing any game or using any platform, such as Steam, GoG, Epic, Origin, Battle.net, and more. As long as a publisher does not prevent users from using their game on a virtual machine, it will work flawlessly. A handful of games are not compatible with cloud gaming, due to anti-cheat rules. What’s the difference between Shadow and gaming consoles, such as Steam Deck, Switch 2 or PS5? As Shadow is a Cloud Gaming PC, you can play all of your favorite titles from Steam, Epic, GoG, Battle.net or any other platform. Shadow is not bound to a single device or a single location. Any desktop or laptop computer, Apple or Android device, Raspberry Pi, becomes your gaming machine. Grab an Xbox gamepad, your Iphone and play for hours, in pixel-perfect quality with RTX graphics. Launch it in a browser tab and you can play, create or work on a resctricted, low-end school computer. Can I play all existing games? Shadow give you access to of a complete Windows PC, technically empowered to install and run all the Windows games and software you own. We provide an open, high-performance environment ready for your library. Ultimately, accessibility relies on the specific policies of game publishers, as some studios choose to configure their anti-cheat or DRM systems to regulate usage on virtual machines. More informations can be found here I’m not in a supported country. Can I still subscribe? Yes, you can technically subscribe to Shadow from any location. However, due to distance and Internet providers, we cannot guarantee a perfect quality of experience outside our supported countries. Please select the closest country and datacenter during the subscription process. You may have to pay in the local currency, and your Shadow IP address will match the selected country. What do I need to ensure a good experience? Any device able to play HD videos should be good enough to display Shadow. For example, a low-end Windows 10 PC, an old Macbook, your smartphone or your everyday tablet. A stable Internet connection of 10Mb/s or more ensures a smooth experience. Is Shadow compatible with my gaming peripherals? Shadow is compatible with the most popular gaming and USB peripherals. Keyboards and mice, Xbox, PlayStation or third-party gamepads, most sim equipments. Some might rare devices not be recognized due to unusual behaviours or drivers. Can I upgrade or cancel my subscription easily? Yes. You can downgrade or upgrade your plan in a click. This ensures you get the best experience, no matter what you want to achieve. Cancelling is equally easy as Shadow subscriptions are mostly monthly-based. Your Shadow and your data will remain fully-accessible until the renewal date. Deep dive All articles How to play Dead by Daylight on Mac? Dead by Daylight is the benchmark for asymmetrical horror: one Killer versus four Survivors, with intense matches where every decision matters. Since 2016, the game has built a worldwide fanbase, with build guides and iconic crossovers, and a meta that evolves with each update. To play Dead by Daylight on Mac, Shadow PC gives you the same experience as on Windows: install the game via Steam/Epic, access your account, enjoy cross-play, and play on macOS just like on a local PC. Play on Mac 12/19/2025 How to play Anno 117: Pax Romana on Mac? There is no announced native macOS version for Anno 117: Pax Romana, but you can play the full Windows edition on any Mac thanks to Shadow PC. Launch a Windows gaming PC in the cloud, install the game from your preferred store, and dive into the golden age of Rome. Begin your adventure in Latium or Albion for two different city-builder experiences. Play on Mac 12/16/2025 How to play Octopath Traveler 0 on iPhone, iPad, or Android? A console adaptation of the game Champions of the Continent, Octopath Traveler 0 does not have an iOS or Android version. The solution for playing Octopath Traveler 0 on iPad? Use Shadow PC, your Windows computer in the cloud, to stream the full PC version to tablets (iPad and Android) and smartphones. How to play 12/09/2025 *Due to technical restrictions imposed by publishers, some games or softwares may not be compatible with Shadow PC. **Certain devices are not compatible with the Shadow PC app. However, you can access Shadow in Browser on any device that supports H.264 in a Chromium-based browser. ¹Offers valid from December 11 to January 5, 2026, subject to availability. The 10% discount applies solely to Shadow Neo and Shadow Power monthly subscriptions for the first twelve (12) months and is reserved for users with no active Shadow subscription at the time of subscription. The 35% discount and the additional 512 GB of HDD storage apply solely to the subscription to a Shadow Neo Premium Pack, for any user accessing data centers located in North America who does not have an active Shadow subscription at the time of subscription, subject to the upfront payment of the full twelve (12) monthly installments. Upon expiration of the initial period, the standard rate and monthly commitment terms shall apply automatically. These offers cannot be combined with other current promotions or discounts. In the event of subscription termination, cancellation, or non-renewal, the user permanently forfeits the benefit of the discount, and no refund will be issued for installments already paid. Shadow reserves the right to modify, suspend, or cancel these offers at any time, subject to prior notice to users. Shadow.tech United States United Kingdom France Suisse (FR) Schweiz (DE) Deutschland Nederland Canada (EN) Canada (FR) Österreich España Italia Sweden Denmark Product Home How it works Play on Mac Shadow PC Gaming Shadow PC Pro Shadow GPU Resources Help Center Blog Download Press Kit Requirements FAQ Newsletter Status Company About Us Jobs Policies Term of Use (Individuals and Professionals) Legal Privacy Cookie Abuse notification © 2025 Shadow | Free Minded Linkedin Twitter (X) Youtube Instagram Twitch Discord