Bug and crash reporting for mobile apps and websites | Shake New in 2025—the free Shake Chrome extension. Report bugs on any website. Check it out → Product Bug reporting Debugging made way easier Crash reporting Full stack, not just stack traces Features What Shake can do for you SHAKE FOR Developers Product managers QA engineers INDUSTRIES Fintech IoT Agency USE CASES Internal app testing Dogfooding Beta testing Production Tech support Pricing Customers Resources Documentation Set up and effectively customize Shake Roadmap See, suggest and vote for upcoming features Blog Various takes on development topics System status Realtime updates on Shake service status Integrations Plug Shake into tools you use in minutes Help center Answers to common questions about Shake Log in Get started Product Bug reporting Debugging made way easier Crash reporting Full stack, not just stack traces Features What Shake can do for you SHAKE FOR Developers Product managers QA engineers INDUSTRIES Fintech IoT Agency USE CASES Internal app testing Dogfooding Beta testing Production Tech support Pricing Customers Resources Documentation Set up and effectively customize Shake Roadmap See, suggest and vote for upcoming features Blog Various takes on development topics System status Realtime updates on Shake service status Integrations Plug Shake into tools you use in minutes Help center Answers to common questions about Shake Log in Get started Get unreal data to fix real issues in your app & web Debug and report faster with crucial info attached automatically. Try Shake for free No credit card required Free Chrome extension No coding required—just install the free Shake extension and send flawless bug reports for any website, anytime. Learn more → Add to app in minutes Doesn’t affect app speed GDPR & CCPA compliant Spend less than trillion years looking for the right clues As a dev, have plenty to work with Look into activity history , instead of listening to vague explanations. As a tester, level up your every ticket With 50+ data points attached. Without tedious manual work. Have those crash reports in a flash Stack trace, blackbox , logs, repro steps and more. Life’s good. All of clients’ reports, streamlined No more Whatsapp, emails, texts, or calls. Just one place for bug triage. Have all the valuable customer feedback you need in no time Understand users 122% better Get a clearer understanding of your app users backed up by valuable data. Give the team a peace of mind Device, app version, OS… Know it all instantly. All user feedback in one place Add helpful links on the forefront of SDK, to steer users in the right direction and resolve issues without lifting a finger. This is how you Shake Add Shake SDK to your app So your testers and users can submit reports from the app. Shake adds only 2.5MB to your app Shake (or don’t) to submit a report Get 71 unique data points attached automatically on each user’s ticket. Personalize reports to your needs Customize SDK . Capture user info, attach logs, protect data and more . Invite your team to collaborate Track issues, share notes and assign crashes to teammates for $0 per seat . Integrate with tools you already use Auto-forward reports with 1-click integrations . In this typical what if scenarios If your app user can’t log in See if that’s of a 403 server response or if their OS version is old. If they say feature doesn’t work Easily check if testers have the latest build, before you even start debugging. If your app crashes to a user Fix it with insights into stack trace and casually DM them “Sorry, it’s fixed now.” If users propose a new feature Instantly know if it’s their 1st or 9th ticket. As a PM , rush through the deadlines. If your colleague reports a bug on a billing screen With Rules, automatically create a ticket with high priority and assign it to a developer . Or just filter them out. The power is yours. Get over 50+ data points on each ticket Device model HTTP logs App version Authentication User info Steps to reproduce IDE OS version Not to brag, but many great devs and teams are already shaking Hop into our Slack Don’t believe us? Neither did Jacob, at first. Jacob Wisbeck One Acre Fund — Dev Team Lead Shake really streamlined issue investigation and identification for us. The integration was simple and the features are well designed. 500+ developers use Shake 26M SDKs on mobile devices 50k engineer-weeks saved Since you’ve scrolled this far, read some of our customer stories Shake is in the top 3 tools we use. Blossom Social Switching to Shake was a no-brainer. StartEngine Read what our dear customers are saying Read all stories Bug and crash reporting tool you’ve been looking for. Get started for free Add to app in minutes Doesn’t affect app speed GDPR & CCPA compliant Get unreal data to fix real issues in your app & web. Product Free Chrome Extension Bug reporting Crash reporting Integrations Roadmap Pricing Comparisons Instabug Crashlytics Bugsee Marker.io Jam.dev BugHerd Company About Customers Compliance Data security Privacy policy Terms of service DPA Resources Blog Help center Status Docs Community © 2025 Shake Ltd. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the Privacy policy . Okay