Mirae Asset Sharekhan – Online Trading & Investment Platform in India DOWNLOAD SHAREKHAN APP Become A Partner Help Refer & Earn LOGIN / TRADE OPEN DEMAT
                                ACCOUNT LOGIN / TRADE OPEN ACCOUNT Products & Services Products & Services The Services you can explore include Equity, F&O, Commodity & Currency. You can also go for MFs, IPOs, Fixed Deposits & Bonds and NRI Services! Our Specialized Services cater to your specific needs with bespoke services. Our 360° Products cater to niche requirements: we offer PMS (PMS), F&O Solutions, Algo Solutions, Margin Funding & more! Know More Products & Services Overview Our Products & Services Equity Trading IPO Options Trading Futures Trading Futures & Options Solutions Commodity Trading Currency Trading Pattern Finder Algo Solutions Financing Solutions NRI Services Margin Funding Wealth Management Service – Sharekhan One Portfolio Management Service Mutual Funds MF Calculators SIP We Like One Click SIP Funds We Like Save Tax under 80C (ELSS) New Fund Offering (NFO) Third Party Products Life Insurance Fixed Deposits & Bonds Mutual Funds Corporate Deposit Platforms & Calculators Platforms & Calculators If you are serious, you will love our feature-rich, speedy platforms that will positively influence the way you trade and invest! Suitable for new-to-markets, traders and investors, our platforms and calculators help you stay ahead in the market by saving you time, being customizable and with intelligent automation. Oh, and did we mention Trading API?! Know More Platforms & Calculators Overview Our Platforms TradeTiger Sharekhan App Dial-N-Trade Sharekhan Website InvesTiger Trading API Trading API Documentation Trading API FAQs Our Calculators Brokerage Calculator Margin Calculator SPAN Calculator SIP Investment Calculator Lump sum Calculator Compare Mutual Funds Financial Goal Calculator ELSS Calculator Research Research Our pedigreed Research team, encompassing Fundamental, Technical and Mutual Funds Research, prides itself on high-performing products for trading recommendations across varying time horizons. Here's a peek at the inner workings that make it tick. Explore our proprietary Research philosophies, Research Reports and more! Know More Research Overview Research Overview 3R Fundamental Research POP Technical Research Q Square Analysis for Mutual Funds Research for Trading New To Market Model Portfolio Stocks We Cover Research for Investing Research Mutual Funds Our Latest Calls Research Report Brokerage Charges New To All This? New To All This? New to the market and keen to know more? We've put together all you might need to know on this journey, leaning on our 23 years' experience hand-holding customers to get them started right in the markets. We'll give you the lowdown on what to look out for, what to avoid, how to gauge your risk appetite, learning resources and more! Shall we get started? Know More New To All This Overview New to All This Overview Why Mirae Asset Sharekhan? About Mirae Asset Sharekhan Our Team All About Demat A/C Learn & Grow Learn & Grow At Sharekhan, we believe in nurturing your trading journey for sustainable success. We are committed to empowering you with serious knowledge and serious resources you need to thrive in the stock market. Sharekhan is in it with you for the long run! Our offerings are designed to build your trading fundamentals and provide valuable insights into market dynamics that are tailored to enhance your skills with the right mix of new-to-market simplicity and the seriousness of a full-service broker. Know More Learn & Grow Overview Learn and Grow Financial Blogs Market Info Market Info You can explore the latest Market News, Market Updates, Market Stats, Market Indices, Market Derivatives, Indian Indices, Global Indices, Index Contributors, our brand new Market Events & Calendar, NSE/BSE Holiday List, Trading Holiday Calendar, Market Summary, Market Stats and Budget 2023 in this vast section. Know More Market Info Overview Market Info Overview Market Update Market Indices Market News Market Derivatives Market Stats Market Summary Union Budget 2025-26 OPEN DEMAT ACCOUNT Follow Us : Sharekhan takes a new step forward OPEN FREE* DEMAT AND TRADING ACCOUNT IN 15 MIN** Limited Period Offer Resend OTP in Resend OTP OTP limit has exceeded since you made too many wrong attempts. Please try after 30 minutes. SEND OTP SUBMIT SUBMIT I agree to all Terms and Conditions Want to invest 5 lakhs+ with Mirae Asset Sharekhan? Click on KNOW MORE to learn about our Orange Club A/C Opening Package KNOW MORE Mirae Asset Sharekhan Business Partner Program Enjoy our competitive revenue-sharing model Get regular payments without any hidden costs Acquire new clients easily with our brand stature Leverage 29+ years of expertise in wealth creation YOUR BUSINESS, OUR SUPPORT Become A Partner For detailed disclaimer and other details, visit www.sharekhan.com Balanced Advantage Funds Smart Investing for Every Market Mood Ride market waves with confidence - balance growth & stability effortlessly INVEST NOW GET STARTED Designed for the serious, welcome to Mirae Asset Sharekhan! Ask any market veteran and you will know that consistently making money from the markets is not easy at all. It requires a serious approach that involves serious research , serious risk analysis and serious discipline . Our full-service model, which consists of an expert Research team, experienced Relationship Managers, wide network of branches, information packed trading & investing platforms is designed to help you understand the required serious approach. It also helps you get the power of our experience and expertise on your side Serious Approach - Investing Serious Approach - Trading For those serious about share market trading in Options As per a recent SEBI study , 93 out of every 100 individual traders in the Equity F&O segment incurred aggregate losses exceeding ₹1.8 lakh crores between FY 2022 and FY 2024. Most of them were operating in the Options segment of online stock market trading. Our 29+ years of experience seeing different market cycles is what gives us the confidence to effectively guide our customers and their hard-earned savings when it comes to share market trading in Options. DON'T MAKE THESE MISTAKES WHAT ALL WE OFFER For those serious about platforms packed with deep-analysis features for online trading From various types of charts for deep technical analysis to online share trading features like Rohit Indicators and Option Chain, our platform features are Built by Traders Who Code. Our aim is to provide you distilled information to aid decision-making in online stock market trading. EXPLORE FEATURES EXPLORE OUR APP For those serious about wealth creation in the stock market backed by expert recommendations Our latest creation is a simple all-in-one app called InvesTiger. It contains solid, handpicked stock baskets curated by our experienced research team to aid long-term wealth creation. These stock baskets are based on different themes for your to choose from and start as low as 50K. Simplicity in right stock selection, market tracking and timely action is now easy to do with just a few clicks. All you need are a demat account and the InvesTiger app! EXPLORE INVESTIGER APP For those serious about Research-backed Mutual Fund investments Get diversification and convenience on your side with professionally managed funds that start from as low as ₹ 500 for SIP. Mutual Funds help you build your portfolio across asset classes and minimise risk by spreading your money over securities. It helps you plan for your near- and long-term goals while saving tax and offer easy liquidity (most investments can be liquidated in maximum 2 days). Of course, MF transactions are completely online, 100% transparent and SEBI-regulated. EXPLORE MUTUAL FUNDS For those serious about understanding our research approach We offer free research recommendations across mutual funds, long term investing and technical analysis for trading. We also offer free research coverage across all segments – Equity, Futures & Options, Currency and Commodity. But before you look at our recommendations it’s important for you to understand how our research calls are derived. 3R Research Philosophy Research for long-term investments EXPLORE POP Research Philosophy Technical research philosophy EXPLORE Q-Square Research Mutual Funds research philosophy EXPLORE For those serious about getting services designed for their core needs Our years of experience has indicated that people have different needs when they come to the markets. So to offer services focused on different needs we have different segments that one can belong to and avail of unique services. Mirae Asset Sharekhan’s bespoke offering for Ultra HNI individuals, large families, and corporate accounts. EXPLORE Your gateway to creating wealth in the equity market, backed by nearly 3 decades of expert Research. Experience end-to-end investment solutions with your online trading account. EXPLORE Charges simplified + Platforms simplified + Time spent simplified + Expert support simplified = Trading Simplified. EXPLORE With 3 decades of equity experience, we’re here to help you get started right! Let’s start you off with MF SIP Calculators, a strong first step in building wealth with conviction. EXPLORE For those serious about planning for their family’s future via one-on-one sit down sessions With 4200+ Mirae Asset Sharekhan centres across 1100+ cities, you won’t have to travel far to do a detailed planning-your-trading-and-investing session that is designed to make markets work for your family’s future. From IPO to share market investment and demat account to mutual funds, we've got your family covered! FIND A BRANCH NEAR ME For those serious about growing their savings rather than focusing on brokerage charges The truth is that your entry in the markets is not to save on brokerage but to grow your savings via the markets. So, when we charge more it’s because we provide you with services designed to grow your savings. These services include research recommendations (across all segments – Equity, Futures & Options, Currency and Commodity), guidance from our experienced Relationship Managers, wide array of education modules, analysis packed trading platforms and our 4200+ Mirae Asset Sharekhan centres across 1100+ cities in case you want to sit down and plan for the future. So its up to you to decide if this will help you more or not in your journey in the markets BROKERAGE CHARGES & BENEFITS Balanced Advantage Funds Ride market waves with confidence EXPLORE OPEN FREE* DEMAT ACCOUNT OPEN FREE* DEMAT AND TRADING ACCOUNT IN 15 MIN** Limited Period Offer Resend OTP in Resend OTP OTP limit has exceeded since you made too many wrong attempts. Please try after 30 minutes. SEND OTP SUBMIT SUBMIT I agree to all Terms and Conditions Want to invest 5 lakhs+ with Mirae Asset Sharekhan? Click on KNOW MORE to learn about our Orange Club A/C Opening Package KNOW MORE 29 Years 31 Lakh+ Customers 1100+ Presence across cities 4599 Outlets (Own Branches + Partners) ₹3 Lakh Crore+ Customer Assets The above figures are as on November 30, 2024. Such representations are not indicative of future results. Home Stocks : A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | 1-9 Follow Us : Mirae Asset Sharekhan – Founded in 2000, we were one of the first brokers to offer online trading in India. Registered Office Address: Sharekhan Limited, 1st Floor, Tower No. 3, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, Off BKC, Kurla (West), Mumbai 400 070, Maharashtra, India. Tel: 022 6750 2000. Correspondence Address: 10th Floor, Gigaplex Bldg. No. 9, Raheja Mindspace, Airoli Knowledge Park Rd, MSEB Staff Colony, TTC Industrial Area, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra 400708, India. Tel: 022 - 6116 9000/ 6115 0000; Fax no. 022 6116 9699. 02241523200 / 02241683500 myaccount@sharekhan.com Chat Stock Market Calculators Financial Goal Calculator ELSS Calculator SIP Investment Calculator Compare Mutual Funds Lumpsum Calculator Trading Platforms Trade Tiger Mirae Asset Sharekhan App Investiger MIrae Asset Sharekhan Website Download Investiger App Download Mirae Asset Sharekhan App Our Products And Services Portfolio Management Services/ NRI Services IPO Mutual Funds Life Insurance Future Trading Options Trading Commodity Trading Margin Funding Equity Trading Currency Trading About Mirae Asset Sharekhan Partner with us Business Partner Important Links Services/Support Locate Us Contact Us Commodity Margin - MCX Open a demat account Download Investiger App Download Mirae Asset Sharekhan App RELATED LINKS: SEBI | BSE India | NSE India | MSEI | CDSL | NSDL | RBI | MCX | NCDEX | SCORES | INVESTORS RELATIONS Privacy | Policies and Procedures | Terms & Conditions | Referral T & C | Anti Money Laundering Policy | RMS Policy | Security | Research-Disclaimer | Copyright | Important Links | Disclaimer | KYC document in vernacular languages | Stay Secure | Stay Alert | NDNCR Terms & Conditions | Filing complaints on SCORES - Easy & quick | ATTENTION – A note from the Regulators for Investors | KYC(Trading + DP account) | AMLCFT -Investor Education | SEBI Investor Charters | BSE- Investor Grievances | Contact Us | Complaints Disclosure | Bank A/c Disclosure | Risk Disclosures on Derivativess | Investor Service Centres | Online Dispute Resolution Link | Mirae Asset Sharekhan Branch Detai ls | Authorized Persons Details | Key Managerial Personnel | Filing Complaints at Mirae Asset Sharekhan | Account Opening Flow at Mirae Asset Sharekhan | Investor Risk Reduction Access (IRRA) | Investor Demise: SOP on Reporting Norms | SEBI Investor Website | Procedure for Voluntary Freezing of Online Access to Trading A/c | Client Collateral Details (NSE) | POSH at the Workplace | Client Collateral Details (MCX) | Policy on Handling MYGTD Orders | MITC | Insurance Disclaimer | Mirae Asset Sharekhan Education Brokerage Refund Terms and Conditions | MASK Internal Shortage Policy **This is applicable during the office hours to Sole holder Resident Indian accounts which are KRA verified, also account would be open after all procedures relating to IPV and client due diligence is completed. Registered Office Address: Sharekhan Limited, 1st Floor, Tower No. 3, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, Off BKC, Kurla (West), Mumbai 400 070, Maharashtra, India. Tel: 022 6750 2000. Correspondence Address: 10th Floor, Gigaplex Bldg. No. 9, Raheja Mindspace, Airoli Knowledge Park Rd, MSEB Staff Colony, TTC Industrial Area, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra 400708, India. Tel: 022 - 6116 9000/ 6115 0000; Fax no. 022 6116 9699 Sharekhan Ltd - SEBI Regn. No.: BSE / NSE / MCX: INZ000171337 | BSE 748 – CASH/FAO/CD | NSE 10733 – CASH/FAO/CD | MCX 56125 – Commodities | Depository services through: NSDL / CDSL - IN-DP-365-2018 PMS: INP000005786; Sharekhan Ltd. (AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor) Mutual Fund/SIF: ARN 20669 ( date of initial registration: 03/07/2004, and v alid till 02/07/2026); Research Analyst: INH000006183; IRDAI Registered Corporate Agent (Composite) License No. CA0950, valid till June 13, 2027. Compliance Officer: Mr. Joby John Meledan; Email ID: complianceofficer@sharekhan.com; Tel: 022 4657 3809. For any complaints email at igc@sharekhan.com . Mirae Asset Sharekhan Financial Services Limited (formerly Sharekhan BNP Paribas Financial Services Limited) – NBFC - N-13.01810 (RBI) Message From Regulator: No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. 1) Message from Exchange(s): Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your account --> Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchange on your mobile/email at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. 2) Message from Depositories: a) Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat account --> Update your mobile number with your Depository Participant. Receive alerts on your registered mobile for all debit and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL on the same day issued in the interest of investors. b) KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. Company Identification Number (CIN): Sharekhan Ltd: U99999MH1995PLC087498; Sharekhan Commodities Pvt Ltd: U67120MH2000PTC127261; Mirae Asset Sharekhan Financial Services Limited (formerly Sharekhan BNP Paribas Financial Services Limited): U65920MH2004PLC149518; Sharekhan.com India Pvt Ltd: U80904MH2000PTC126954; Sharekhan Consultants Pvt. Ltd: U67190MH2000PTC127257 Disclaimer: Investment in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing.Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limit.Please refer the Risk Disclosure Document issued by SEBI and go through the Rights and Obligations and Do's and Dont's issued by Stock Exchanges and Depositories before trading on the Stock Exchanges. For commodities derivatives please note that Commodities Derivatives are highly leveraged instruments. PMS is not offered in Commodity Derivative Segment by Sharekhan Limited. Before investing in the asset class consider your investment objectives, level of experience and risk appetite carefully. The securities are quoted as an example and not as a recommendation. Opening of account will not guarantee allotment of shares in IPO. (Source – DRHP) Investors are requested to do their own due diligence before investing in any IPO Mutual funds disclaimer: Mutual Fund investment are subject to market risk. Read all the scheme related documents carefully before investing. For more details, click here . Quantities, amounts, figures, graphs and rates shown / displayed are exemplary and not recommendatory or actual. For scheme-related information, please refer to the Scheme Information Document available on the relevant AMC's website for detailed Risk Factors, assets allocation, investment strategy, etc. Business Partner Terms & Conditions: Minimum security deposit shall be applicable to all prospects availing this offer. Benefits of the offer; that is, waiver of Registration Fee is valid for up to 1 (One) segment only. Benefits under this offer can be availed only once. This offer cannot be clubbed with any other scheme or offer prevailing at the same time. Offer valid up to August 31, 2025. Any kind of malpractice within 1 month from Registration would lead to forfeiture of benefits granted under this offer. Sharekhan Ltd. reserves the right to reject any claims/benefits under the offer if any lapse in the process/intent/functioning or anything whatsoever is found on part of prospects/Claimant or if any act of prospect/Claimant is not in line with the policies or practise of the Sharekhan Ltd. management. Sharekhan Ltd. reserves the right to carry out audit and inspection before release of any payout under this policy. Management of Sharekhan Ltd. reserves the final right to change the Terms & Conditions at any point of time without any prior notice. MTF Offer Disclaimer: MTF (Margin Trading Facility) are subject to the provisions of SEBI Circular CIR/MRD/DP/54/2017 dated June 13, 2017, and the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the Rights and Obligations statement issued by Sharekhan Ltd. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. For detailed Disclaimer and SEBI Registration Details, visit www.sharekhan.com. #Sharekhan App Rating mentioned is as of 30th June 2024. Click here to check out the Shareshop near you.