Solutions
Resources
Company
Contact
Login
Get started
Looking for ShareASale?
You're in the right place.

ShareASale closed in October 2025 as we upgraded the platform to Awin. Don’t worry, Awin is your open door to a variety of solutions designed to help you grow through performance-based partnerships.

Ready to accelerate your business growth?

You're in the right place. Awin's platform makes it easy for businesses like yours to drive growth through performance-based partnerships. Fill out the form to explore how you can achieve your marketing goals with Awin's cutting-edge technology.

Our team will reach out within one business day.

For any other inquiries, contact us at US-NewBusiness@awin.com.

Why use Awin's affiliate marketing platform?
Pay for performance only - Gain full control with flexible, multi-layered commission management that ensures you pay only for results. Easily integrate with platforms like Shopify, WooCommerce, Adobe Commerce, and more, making setup quick and simple for your business.
Reach new audiences - Connect with 1m+ publisher partners, including influencers, tech partners, and brand collaborations, to amplify your brand's visibility and expand your reach.
Transform your business - Leverage Awin's AI-powered partner recommendations, automated reporting, and expert onboarding to help you turn your business goals into powerful, data-driven affiliate marketing campaigns.
Enjoy flexible solutions for your growth - Whether you want to manage your program independently or tap into our expert-led service packages, Awin offers tailored support that grows with your business.
Submit your details and get started today
Launch your program in three simple steps

Join

Tell us about your business, it only takes a few minutes

Integrate

Connect your online store using our guided setup. Using Shopify or Adobe Commerce? We’ve got fast track options for that.

Go Live

Create your brand profile, showcase your products and start attracting partners.

Play video

ADVERTISERS

Discovered ShareASale in your affiliate marketing search? Here’s what’s next

Awin has owned ShareASale since 2017. Now we’re bringing everything onto one platform. Instead of signing up to ShareASale, new customers are invited to launch directly with Awin.

It’s the same mission: Helping businesses grow through affiliate partnerships. Just with better tools, more transparency and a robust platform built for your ecommerce needs.

Are you an agency or publisher?

There’s dedicated solutions for you too. Whether you manage programs for ecommerce clients or promote products to your audience, it’s easy to grow with Awin.

I'm an agency

Unlock the tools and resources you need to maximize success for your clients on the Awin platform.

Become an agency partner
I’m a publisher

Easily make money from your existing traffic, or share content with an audience online.

Become a publisher
Join more than 30,000 businesses growing with Awin
Frequently asked questions
Which social media platforms can I use to promote brands?
How much does an affiliate marketing publisher get paid?
How will I receive payment by Awin?
How can I use Instagram and TikTok to make money?
How do I promote my chosen brands?
How do Influencers get started with Awin?
SOLUTIONS
FOR ADVERTISERS

Empowering brands of every size to partner with a diverse range of over 1 million publishers, targeting the customers you want to reach.

Plans and Service Packages
Awin Access
Awin Accelerate
Awin Advanced
FOR PUBLISHERS

Create long-lasting partnerships with the world's leading brands by promoting their products and services to your audience.

Content Creators & Influencers
Editorial & Media Sites
Technology Partners
Other Publisher Types
Advertiser Directory
FOR AGENCIES

Have unlimited control for growth via affiliate marketing using the Awin Group's database of partnerships, technologies and solutions

Agency Success Center
Agency Certification
RESOURCES

Whether you're a publisher or advertiser, we have a variety of resources to help you make the most of affiliate and partner marketing.

Market Insights
Case Studies
Product Releases
Advertiser Success Center
Partner Success Center
Awin-Win Marketing Podcast
Power 100
ThinkTank Americas 2026
FAQs
COMPANY

As a global community of people, we aim to humanize marketing technology by providing solutions that deliver sustainable growth for all.

Awin Group
Newsroom
Global Events Calendar
Careers
Privacy
Publisher Terms
Sustainability
Compliance
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Whistleblowing
Site Notice
Information security
Need help? Contact us
If you can't find what you're looking for, our teams are on hand to help answer any questions you might have about Awin.
Facebook
Linkedin
Instagram

© 2025, AWIN Inc. All rights reserved. AWIN Inc. is part of Axel Springer Group. No part of this publication may be reproduced, translated, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the copyright owner.

Return to page top