Home - SheerID Products Products Audience Data Platform Affinity Network Individual Verification Engine Audience Network Alliance Network Solutions By Audience Students Educators Military Healthcare Workers/First Responders Seniors Young Adults Essential Workers Others By Use Cases Customer Acquisition Customer Loyalty Personalized Rewards & Offers Offer Protection Low Income By Industry Retail Media & Entertainment Consumer Software Travel & Hospitality Telecom Consumer Apps Artificial Intelligence Customers Customers ASICS Customer Examples Comcast View All Customer Stories Peacock Featured Story CorePower Yoga’s Young Adults Program Fuels 47% Growth Read More Resources Resources Resource Center Press Releases Go-to-Market Playbooks Support Developer Center Knowledge Base Data Safety Featured Resource 5 Ways Retail Brands Can Activate Their Customer Data Read More Pricing Login Let's Talk Fuel Growth with Richer Audience Intelligence SheerID’s best-in-class data platform with native AI verifies customer audiences and enriches your CRM with permissioned data, powering long-term loyalty. Let’s Talk SheerID’s Audience Data Platform : Market to High-Value Customers with Precision and Confidence SheerID’s Audience Data Platform Instantly verify consumers’ identities worldwide with 200K+ authoritative data sources so you can collect data your customers willingly share and use it to provide them with personalized experiences and protected offers. Learn more Audience Network Foster authentic connections and give back to the communities that matter most by delivering exclusive offers to verified individuals based on specific demographics, professions, and psychographic traits. Learn more about our Audience Network Affinity Network Amplify the reach of your exclusive offers by acquiring new customers from top brands and other brands within your parent company through cross-promotions that keep you and the consumer in control of the experience. Learn more about our Affinity Network Alliance Network Drive customer loyalty by providing differentiated, exclusive, and protected offers to verified loyalty members, complementary partner organizations, company employees, and other membership programs that align with your brand. Learn more about our Alliance Network Engage and Verify Your Audiences Seniors Students Military Educators Healthcare / First Responders Michaels verified 200K customers and made its in-store discounts redeemable online. Learn how the Arts and Crafts giant boosted senior, teacher, and military loyalty by integrating their exclusive offers into its Michaels Rewards program. Read Customer Story YNAB won 68% more students and cut support costs by $20K. See how one of the leading money management platforms uses SheerID to instantly verify students and drive greater user engagement. Read Customer Story Princess Cruises drove an ROI that was 18x higher than its other programs. Learn how the premier cruise line used SheerID to win the business and loyalty of the military community and other audiences. Read Customer Story SONIC generated a 900% increase in sign-ups for its teacher rewards program. Read how SONIC increased teacher engagement by giving them special offers and integrating their verification with its SONIC Rewards loyalty program. Read Customer Story Cheap Caribbean used SheerID to bring 8,000 nurses into its travel club. Learn how the travel brand used exclusive offers verified by SheerID to increase efficiency, reduce offer abuse, and build brand loyalty. Read Customer Story How It Works Our award-winning ADP with built-in AI pulls from more than 200K global authoritative data sources to verify customer identity and determine offer eligibility, resulting in highly accurate, permissioned data that directly connects to your martech platforms. You win customers with deeply personalized campaigns – empowering stronger relationships and a loyalty flywheel that keeps customers coming back. Turn Transactions Into Relationships Ready to take the next step for your brand? Thank You! We’ve received your request to speak with our team and will be in touch with you shortly about next steps. Products Audience Data Platform Affinity Network Alliance Network Audience Network Individual Verification Engine Solutions By Industry By Use Cases Students Educators Military Healthcare Workers/First Responders Seniors Others Resources Resource Center Customer Stories Press Releases Developer Center Knowledge Base Data Safety Company About Careers Pricing FAQ Shop Contact Hey AI, Learn About Us Additional Resources Defining Customer Loyalty – Plus Tips & Loyalty Marketing Solutions Marketing to Generation Z Customer Acquisition & New User Strategies © 2025 SheerID. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies Policy Manage Cookie Consents Accessibility