Skip to main content
Log in to MUSE 
Search sheffield.ac.uk
Study
Research
Collaborate
About
The University of Sheffield homepage
International scholarships

We offer generous financial support for international students, with automatic scholarships worth up to £3,000 towards the annual tuition fee for undergraduate and postgraduate taught courses. Apply now to join us in September 2026 and check if you’re eligible. 

Find a course
Course title, subject or keyword :
Level and year of entry:
2026-27 undergraduate courses
Postgraduate taught courses
Search

Other ways to study 
Rankings
A world top-100 university

15th in the UK and 92nd in the world in the QS World University Rankings 2026

Our institutional rankings

University of the Year for Student Experience

The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2026

Study at Sheffield

1st in the Russell Group

2025 National Student Survey (NSS), based on aggregate responses

Why choose the University of Sheffield

Study
Explore undergraduate study at Sheffield

Make Sheffield the start of something special. When you study here you get one of the best student experiences in the UK.

Search for a postgraduate course

A masters from Sheffield means in-depth knowledge, advanced skills, and the confidence to achieve your ambitions.

PhD study

At Sheffield, you’ll join a supportive community of scholars who share your passion. Our reputation for excellence attracts some of the best minds in the world.

Sheffield Live online events

Our weekly online sessions help you find out about different aspects of University life.

A world top-100 university

We are proud to be recognised as one of the top 100 universities in the world.

Research
Research and innovation roundup

Explore a range of research stories from 2025, including mapping Sheffield’s hidden history and an AI approach that could make designing proteins for new medicines easier.

Research and innovation at Sheffield in 2025
Research that changes lives

Our centres of excellence are taking an interdisciplinary approach to the biggest challenges facing the planet.

Our impact

Our researchers are making life-changing discoveries and solving problems that have a global impact.

Feed your curiosity

The University of Sheffield Player is the place to discover and explore videos, podcasts and digital exhibitions about our research. Anytime, anywhere.

News
Learning to play music can improve older people’s brain function, study suggests

Improvising music could help to improve older people’s cognitive skills, such as learning and memory, according to research from the University of Sheffield and Western Sydney University.

17 December 2025
Rugby legend Kevin Sinfield finishes epic ultra-marathon leg at Sheffield's world-renowned neuroscience institute

The rugby legend and tireless MND fundraiser, Kevin Sinfield, finished day four of his epic ultra-marathon challenge at the Sheffield Institute for Translational Neuroscience (SITraN) - internationally renowned for world-class neuroscience research.

4 December 2025
Autumn Budget 2025: What the experts say

Experts from the University of Sheffield give their reaction to the 2025 Autumn Budget.

27 November 2025
New research aims to tackle employment barriers for neurodivergent people in South Yorkshire

A University of Sheffield research project aiming to tackle employment barriers for neurodivergent people in South Yorkshire has been awarded a share of almost £2 million in funding from the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR).


26 November 2025
Events
Open days 
What's on 
January graduation ceremonies 
Catch up: events and research highlights 
Collaborate
Business and research partnerships 
International partnerships 
Our role in the city and region 
The University of Sheffield
Undergraduate courses
Postgraduate taught courses
PhD study
Accommodation
International students
Jobs
Support us
Visitor information
Player
Staff hub
Student hub
Make an online payment
Student policies and protection plan
Harassment and sexual misconduct information
Schools, departments and services
Alumni
Library
Students' Union
Contact


The University of Sheffield
Western Bank
Sheffield
S10 2TN
+44 114 222 2000
Footer menu
Feedback
Privacy
Accessibility
FOI
Modern slavery statement
© 2025 The University of Sheffield
Your cookie choices
We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We also use cookies to help give you a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. Use 'Cookie settings' to manage your preferences.
Accept all cookies
Cookie settings