Shift Browser | Drag and Drop. Build Your Custom Browser Browser Builder Drag and drop bars, apps, and controls to create a custom layout. Apps Turn your browser into a command center that houses all your apps, tools, and inboxes. Spaces Organize your browser into separate Spaces for hobbies, work, passions, and projects. The rise of vertical tabs and customizable browsing Vertical tabs might be the solution to your chaotic tab bar. Shift takes the idea further, giving you a browser you can shape around your workflow with true customization. Read blog Community Blog See the latest updates from Shift on feature drops, AI, apps, and more. Guides Find Guides from Shift on everything from productivity to browser privacy. The Shift Monthly Subscribe to our monthly newsletter to see trending tech stacks and browser build tips. The Shift Monthly Subscribe to our monthly newsletter for the inside scoop on all things Shift! Subscribe Help Help Center Find Knowledge Base articles, submit a support request or report a bug. FAQ See FAQs from the Shift community on setup, troubleshooting, and accounts. How to Use Templates Shift’s Templates provide ready-made browser window layouts to get you started quickly. Learn more Download Shift Browser Community Help A new browser, reimagined by you. Download Shift Available on Skip to Builder Yours to build Shift isn’t like any other browser because it's built by you. Build your setup piece by piece or choose a template. Create spaces that separate work, hobbies, and passion projects. Integrate apps to make your browser capable of anything. Download Shift Shift is headquartered on the traditional Coast Salish territory and we respectfully acknowledge the Lekwungen and W̱SÁNEĆ People of this region. With gratitude, we live, work, and play on this beautiful land. Shift is B Corp Certified as a Redbrick company Browser Builder Apps Spaces Carbon-neutral Security Community Blog Guides Help Center FAQ Company About Sustainability Shift Gives Press Contact Get Shift Download Pricing Legal My Account Browser Community Company Get Shift Follow us Subscribe I consent to receiving email marketing from Shift Shift is part of the Redbrick portfolio of companies