Employee Scheduling Software | Shiftboard Support Login toggle menu Product Workforce Scheduling Software Software Overview Subscription Plans ROI Calculator Integrations Security Partners Watch Now: Learn How Shiftboard Helps Daisy Brand Streamline Schedule Management Learn More Why Shiftboard Inspiring Employee Adoption Empowering Success Beyond Technology Learn More Value of Shiftboard Why Shiftboard ROI of Shiftboard ROI Calculator Customer Success Stories Company About Us Awards Careers News Solutions Solve Your Business Challenges Employee Retention Workforce Flexibility Scheduling Efficiency Union Compliance Labor Cost Management Fatigue Management Contingent Labor Management Scheduling for Your Industry Manufacturing Energy Corrections Latest Updates: Why Smarter Employee Scheduling Is Central to Manufacturing’s Comeback Learn More Resources Top Employee Scheduling Resources Employee Scheduling How-To Guide The Benefits of Employee Scheduling Software Employee Scheduling for Manufacturing Top Workforce Management Resources Roadmap to Automated Employee Scheduling 2023 Hourly Worker Report Employee Scheduling Software Vendor Selection Guide ROI Calculator General Resources Blog Webinars and Events All Resources Latest Updates: Why Smarter Employee Scheduling Is Central to Manufacturing’s Comeback Learn More Contact Us Employee Scheduling Software for Mission-Critical Industries Tailored Solutions for Manufacturing, Energy and Corrections Explore Software Request Demo Explore Software Request Demo Trending Shiftboard Joins UKG – Powering the Future of Workforce Management Read More Scheduling Today’s Shift-Based Workforce The world of work continues to evolve, making employee scheduling more challenging than ever. Shiftboard eases its complexity using robust data intelligence and tailor-fit automation to create adaptive, worker-friendly schedules that maximize shift coverage – no matter how operating plans change. Schedule Automation Worker Engagement Change Management Coverage Optimization Labor Demand Planning Leave & Timesheet Management Explore Software Trusted by the World’s Most Recognized Brands All Customer Stories What Customers Say about Shiftboard Software “Shiftboard has helped our employees get more visibility into their work schedules and make changes on the go. It is easy to use and has provided more structure to our scheduling process.” Tyler Blake Senior HR Generalist, Daisy Brand Read Full Customer Story The Workplace Has Changed. Work Scheduling Should Too. Attract and Retain Employees Be the employer of choice with transparent, fair, and flexible schedules workers can embrace. Learn More Optimize Workforce Capacity Adapt your workforce capacity to meet demand even though labor resources may be limited. Learn More Turbocharge Scheduling Efficiency Tailor your scheduling solution to match the specific way your plant or unit operates. Learn More Purpose-Built to Meet Your Specific Needs Your industry, operations, and business goals all drive a unique set of employee scheduling needs. Today, manual practices or one-size-fits-all automation no longer suffice. Shiftboard’s technology is highly configurable to match the specific needs of your plant or unit, ensuring that every shift is covered — and that every employee feels empowered to manage work with life. Manufacturing “Two years ago, we launched a strategic employee scheduling initiative to leverage our employees’ preferences while increasing productivity and retention numbers. The initiative has helped create a healthier, more productive workplace while also saving our organization time and money.” Wes Swearingin Former SVP of Operations, Medline Scheduling for Manufacturing Energy “Shiftboard saved us almost $3M in costs and is a proven solution for API RP 755 compliance. They went over and above the call of duty to meet our needs.” Larry Heasley HR Manager, Shell Scheduling for Energy Corrections “Shiftboard’s support services team is very responsive and high priority items are dealt with almost instantly. It is rare to experience this level of service from software vendors.” Business Transformation Analyst Alberta Justice and Solicitor General Scheduling for Corrections Proven Customer Impact of Shiftboard 86% Higher Worker Satisfaction 16% Decrease in Turnover 88% Higher Shift Coverage 30% Faster Schedule Creation 21% Lower Labor Costs Learn More Award-Winning Expertise Learn More Want to learn more about employee scheduling software? Frequently Asked Questions These are some questions we frequently hear from people looking for workforce scheduling software. If you don’t see yours, please reach out . What is employee scheduling software? Employee scheduling software automates the process of creating and managing shift schedules according to rules and parameters set by an organization, state and federal laws, safety regulations, and union agreements. Intelligent automation, configured to meet an organization’s unique scheduling requirements, helps solve key business challenges such as improving employee job satisfaction, maximizing shift coverage, increasing scheduling efficiency, and lowering total labor costs. Why is employee scheduling important? Employee scheduling is a critical aspect of operations because it provides a plan for how and when employees do the work that needs to get done. It can be a complex process, especially for shift-based operations, such as those in manufacturing. Workforce managers responsible for high-volume labor scheduling may rely on employee scheduling software to help flex workforce capacity and scheduling in response to changing production goals or labor availability. How does employee scheduling software impact business outcomes? Companies experience significant ROI after implementing employee scheduling software. For example, Shiftboard’s customers on average report better business outcomes such as 88% higher shift coverage, 16% reduction in turnover, and 23% reduction in OT costs. How does Shiftboard help improve workforce operations? The fact that Shiftboard customers report an average 30% increase in scheduling efficiency, is a compelling reason to choose us. But the strategic benefits expand well beyond day-to-day scheduling efficiency improvements. Our customers also realize a positive impact on key areas of workforce operations including employee satisfaction and retention , workforce flexibility, labor cost management, and compliance with union agreements, fatigue policies, and other scheduling regulations. How do hourly employees access their work schedules with Shiftboard? Shiftboard is a cloud-based workforce management software and is accessible from any desktop or mobile browser, in addition to our native mobile apps. Is there customer support available? Yes. If you are an existing client or user, please contact our customer service line at 1.800.746.7531 for product support. For more information on our customer success service and implementation options, please visit our customer success services page . Our Product SchedulePro Product Overview Subscription Plans Why Shiftboard Customer Success Implementation ROI of Shiftboard ROI Calculator Customers Contact Us Resources 2023 Hourly Worker Report Employee Scheduling Guide Employee Scheduling for Manufacturing The Benefits of Employee Scheduling Software Roadmap to Automated Employee Scheduling About Us Careers News Privacy & GDPR ©2025 Shiftboard, Inc. US UK Facebook icon LinkedIn icon YouTube icon