Shock Hosting | Homepage Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Virtual Servers Dedicated Servers Support Client Area Celebrating 10+ years of Shared Hosting That Is Fast, Reliable, Secure & Affordable 100% Uptime Guarantee 24/7 Technical Support 7-Day Money-Back Guarantee Automatic Application Installer LiteSpeed Web Server Free Dedicated IP Address Learn More START A HOSTING BUSINESS WITH Reseller Hosting We understand the high demand for web hosting, therefore we have tailored our reseller program to provide the best level of service. Great for web designers too! Learn More COMPLETELY CUSTOMIZABLE Virtual Servers SSD and HDD Configurations Available Powerful Intel Scalable and AMD EPYC CPU Nodes Linux and Windows Operating Systems Available Free 20 Gbps Network Level DDoS Protection Premium 1 Gbps Network Port Bandwidth Learn More Affordable And Reliable Dedicated Servers Maximum value, performance, and power compared to Virtual Servers. Fully dedicated with various configurations, operating systems, and locations to choose from. Free DDoS Protection up to 20 Gbps Server Deployment in 24 Hours or less IPMI KVM Management Console Access Learn More Previous Next Our customers rate us as Excellent with 4.8 out of 5 stars on Available Services Choose from an array of different plans and services to suit your needs. Shared Hosting Starting at $ 2 .99 /mo As low as $2.24/mo when pre-paying for more than a month Learn More Unlimited SSD Storage Unlimited Bandwidth 1 Hosted Domain Unlimited Email Accounts Reseller Hosting Starting at $ 19 .99 /mo As low as $14.99/mo when pre-paying for more than a month Learn More Unlimited SSD Storage Unlimited Bandwidth Unlimited Hosted Domains 10 cPanel Accounts Virtual Servers Starting at $ 4 .99 /mo As low as $3.74/mo when pre-paying for more than a month Learn More 1 x 3.2+ Ghz CPU Core 2 GB Memory 30 GB SSD or 300 GB HDD 2 TB Bandwidth Dedicated Servers Starting at $ 49 .99 /mo As low as $37.49/mo when pre-paying for more than a month Learn More 4 x 3.5+ Ghz CPU Cores 32 GB Memory 480 GB SSD or 2 TB HDD 10 TB Bandwidth Fast, Reliable, Secure, and Affordable Web Hosting Services Since day one our main goal has been to provide high quality hosting at an affordable price to every client, big or small. Without successful clients, we wouldn't be around, which is what pushes us to provide the best service possible without compromising on quality or features. Learn More Have any questions? Contact us and we'll help you out! Enterprise Grade Hardware All server and network hardware used by us is enterprise grade which provides the best level of performance and reliability possible. Blazing Fast Network Say goodbye to slow upload and download speeds with our 1 Gbps network that is capable of transferring a website in under a second. Artificial Intelligence Security Websites hosted on our network are protected against various malicious attacks by utilizing advanced artificial intelligence technology. Customer Reviews We’re rated as Excellent with 4.8 out of 5 stars on Adam Reviewed on 05-28-2024 "Been using Shock Hosting since 2014 and exclusively since 2019. Customer service is phenomenal and if I ever have any sort of issue it's always sorted out quickly and smoothly." Read the full review » Refugio Reviewed on 03-26-2024 "They really care about their reputation and will not hesitate to make sure you are well served. I give them 5 stars because most companies won’t go this far in order to fix a problem." Read the full review » Steve Reviewed on 02-06-2024 "I've been with a few hosting companies over the past 15 years but so far have to say these are the best by far. Very quick with help, writing replies without jargon, and smooth migration." Read the full review » Lucas Reviewed on 12-14-2023 "Shock Hosting has been my go-to for over three years, and I just signed up for another two. These guys are the real deal! Their service is top-notch, and I wouldn't dream of trusting my..." Read the full review » Keith Reviewed on 12-04-2023 "I had been with Siteground for years, but I have finally moved all of my sites over to these guys and the only regret is that I didn't do it sooner. Brilliant service & support with a crazy low price." Read the full review » David Reviewed on 02-23-2023 "Shock Hosting is an excellent hosting company that provides outstanding services. Their servers are fast and reliable, and their customer support team is incredibly knowledgeable and helpful." Read the full review » Stephen Reviewed on 02-16-2022 "I have been in the graphic design/web design field for over 15 years. I have tried every name brand hosting company, and Shock Hosting has had the best support and bang for your buck!" Read the full review » Ana Reviewed on 12-17-2021 "I've been with them for two years now on Shared and Reseller plans, and never had a problem. Service is excellent, and customer support is superb. Always a friendly and prompt response." Read the full review » Andrew Reviewed on 08-05-2021 "I've been using Shock Hosting for about 6 years now, and I've never been without an answer from the support area, they solve everything quickly the best support any company could have! " Read the full review » Previous Next Our Hosting Platform Packed with features so that you can spend less time managing your website or server and more time focusing on your business. 24/7 Support Our experienced support team is available around the clock to assist with any issues that may arise. Uptime Guarantee All services are backed by our industry leading 100% uptime guarantee to ensure the best uptime possible. SSD Powered Experience the performance of RAID 10 SSD storage which is up to 5x faster than conventional hard drives. Multiple Locations It's important to be close to your visitors which is why we offer 14 different locations to choose from. Domain Names From $9.99/yr Looking for the perfect domain name?  Register or transfer over 20+ different TLD's with us such as .com, .net and .org for as little as $9.99/year. No price increase when you renew! SSL Certificates FREE No more paying to secure your website as all domains hosted on our cPanel platform receive free SSL certificates powered by AutoSSL and issued by Sectigo. Get Started With a Domain Search from over 20+ different TLD's with low prices guaranteed Domain Transfer | Show TLD Pricing Home Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Virtual Servers Dedicated Servers About Us Support Client Area Services Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Virtual Servers Dedicated Servers Domain Registration Domain Transfer Company About Us Datacenter Locations Announcements Twitter Page Facebook Page Contact Us Support Submit a Ticket View Tickets System Status Knowledgebase Report Abuse Live Chat - Online More Client Area Account Details Email History Renew a Domain View Invoices Affiliate Program "High quality hosting at an affordable price!" Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Acceptable Use Policy Copyright © 2013 - 2025 Shock Hosting LLC. All Rights Reserved. Rated as Excellent with 4.8 out of 5 stars on TrustPilot