Shodan Maps Images Monitor Developer More...
Explore
Pricing 
Login
Search Engine for the Internet of Everything
Shodan is the world's first search engine for Internet-connected devices. Discover how Internet intelligence can help you make better decisions.
SIGN UP NOW
EXPLORE THE PLATFORM
Beyondthe Web

Websites are just one part of the Internet. Use Shodan to discover everything from power plants, mobile phones, refrigerators and Minecraft servers.

MonitorNetwork Exposure

Keep track of all your devices that are directly accessible from the Internet. Shodan provides a comprehensive view of all exposed services to help you stay secure.

 InternetIntelligence

Learn more about who is using various products and how they're changing over time. Shodan gives you a data-driven view of the technology that powers the Internet.



More than 3 million registered users across the world are using Shodan, including:
  89% of the Fortune 100
 5 of the Top 6 Cloud Providers
 1,000+ Universities
Network Monitoring Made Easy

Within 5 minutes of using Shodan Monitor you will see what you currently have connected to the Internet within your network range and be setup with real-time notifications when something unexpected shows up.

LEARN MORE
Developers Developers!

The entire Shodan platform (crawling, IP lookups, searching, data streaming) is available to developers. Use our API to understand whether users are connecting from a VPN, whether the website you're visiting has been compromised and more.

LEARN MORE
Comprehensive IP Enrichment across the Internet

Shodan crawls the entire Internet every week to give you a truly global perspective.

Browser Integrations

Get a quick view of a website's security by using the browser plugins for Shodan:

 CHROME PLUGIN    FIREFOX PLUGIN
Got Questions?

Check out the Shodan Help Center which answers the most frequently-asked questions and provides hands-on guides for common tasks:

 VISIT HELP CENTER   EMAIL SUPPORT
SIGN UP NOW









PRODUCTS
Monitor
Search Engine
Developer API
Maps
Bulk Data
Images
Snippets
PRICING
Membership
API Subscriptions
Enterprise
CONTACT US
support@shodan.io
      

Shodan ® - All rights reserved