The ecommerce platform to power your online business | Shopware Super Early Bird until January 31 Get your ticket now Get your ticket now Contact us Store Download Blog About us Careers Newsletter Feedback Product Product What's new Shopware AI New Spatial commerce Cloud Migration Roadmap Multichannel Connect Deep Search Key Features Digital Sales Rooms Flow Builder Rule Builder B2B Components Shopping Experiences Subscriptions 3D & AR Commerce Shopware Analytics Featured Product Tour Explore key features and possibilities of the product. Discover the product Solutions By Use cases B2B Omnichannel Headless Commerce Automation Composable Frontends By Industry Apparel & Fashion Food Furniture Automotive Sporting Goods B2B Wholesale Health & Beauty Featured Made with Shopware Be inspired by industry-leading brands that rely on Shopware's scalable solutions. Find inspiration Pricing Customers Partners Find a partner Find an agency partner Find a hosting partner Find a technology partner Become a partner Overview Become an agency partner Become a hosting partner Become a technology partner Developers Get started Community Edition Developer documentation Community Hub Resources Shopware 6.7 Release notes App Development Discord Stackoverflow Featured Open-source philosophy Learn more about our extensive ecosystem of merchants, developers, and industry experts. Read more about our philosophy Shopware Community Explore the extensive ecosystem of merchants, developers and industry experts. Explore our community Resources Learn Blog Academy Webinars User documentation Whitepapers & more Podcast Discover About us Made with Shopware Events Agentic Commerce Alliance Trust Center Analyst recognition Featured Gartner® 2025 Shopware named a Visionary in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Commerce. Read the report Shopware Community Day Join us in Cologne June 10, 2026! Get tickets Store Download Blog About us Careers Newsletter Feedback Contact us Login Request demo Migration Migration from Magento Shopware 5 to Shopware 6 Shopware Academy & Certifications FAQ YouTube About us Values Story Management Awards Press The leading edge of ecommerce. Your business faster, limitless. Shopware’s open-source platform delivers industry – leading innovations and unmatched flexibility, ensuring your business stays future-ready. Contact us Book a free demo 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Commerce Sell Automate Scale Sell anytime, anywhere Deliver unified and seamless commerce experiences across every touchpoint. Engage customers, drive revenue, and expand your reach across all channels – no matter if it’s B2B or B2C. Reduce effort, automate workflows Our no-code automation tools streamline operations, optimize resources, enabling more efficient and reliable workflows 24/7, while freeing up your team to focus on higher-value tasks. Scale effortlessly, grow sustainably Shopware offers full hosting flexibility and a headless, API-first architecture, supported by a global ecosystem of extensions and agencies – providing the perfect foundation for sustainable growth. Trigger: New order Condition: Customer group = B2B Action: Send Slack notification 1 Total sales $ 1,745.64 1,753.89 2,213.88 2,322.38 New order from Jenny $345.99 now New order from Jeromy $8.25 now New order from Marcus $459.99 now New order from Sandra $108.50 now New order from Jenny $345.99 now New order from Jeromy $8.25 now Powering 50K+ World’s best brands Make it better, faster with Shopware Performance, agility, and top-of-the-line security, fused into one powerful ecommerce software. Whether you’re the biggest global business player or on your way to becoming one – with Shopware you have everything you need to grow steadfast in a fast-paced world. Be independent. Own your data and run your business on your terms. With complete access to the source code, your data is truly yours. No lock-ins, no compromises, no limits. Your freedom to grow. Own your data, own your destiny. It’s as simple as that. Benefit from widespread expertise Customize and evolve without limits Grow faster with API-first and headless Transform your business effortlessly. Scale up and lead the way. Whether B2C or B2B, whether physical goods or digital products – customize and automate your business operations intuitively, across all business models, and without writing code. Explore and execute new business ideas Integrate and automate with no-code Go global with maximum flexibility Deliver customer experiences that exceed all expectations. Create a powerful brand experience by seamlessly combining content and commerce. Play at the edge of innovation and convert casual customers into true fans of your business. Inspire with powerful storytelling features and CMS tools Engage and interact via co-browsing and guided video shopping Increase your sales with customizable product options Industry recognition and awards Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Commerce Read the Report Recognized as leader in the category ecommerce platforms in 2024 Read the Report Awarded six times in a row: One of the fastest growing tech companies Read the Report Insights and know-how More from the Shopware blog Ecommerce trends 30/12/2025 Software ate the world – now agents are devouring ecommerce Agents are fundamentally reshaping ecommerce. Stefan Hamann explains why GEO alone is not enough, how agentic commerce works, and what merchants must do now to stay visible and purchasable. Read more Developer insights 22/12/2025 3 days on the road with PayPal – Part 3: Features and agency partners Part 3 explores PayPal’s evolution from a simple checkout option to a strategic commerce platform. It highlights new features, deeper Shopware integration, and agency programs that help merchants boost conversion and unify online and offline payments. Read more Developer insights 18/12/2025 The new caching system Shopware's new caching system reduces permutations, caches for logged-in users and the Store API, and provides granular control. This delivers faster page loads, higher cache hit rates, and better reverse proxy support. Read more Have questions? Discuss your business goals and unique requirements with a personal consultation. Get in touch Product demo Let us take you into the heart and soul of Shopware. Explore our features and find out how Shopware can help elevate your business. Request demo info@shopware.com Worldwide: 00 800 746 7626 0 About Shopware Company Prices Customers Careers Press Contact Newsletter Feedback Legal Accessibility Speak up: Report misconduct Product What's new Shopware AI Product Tour Shopware Cloud Roadmap Multichannel connect Migration Digital Sales Rooms Flow Builder Rule Builder B2B Components Shopping Experiences Spatial Commerce Subscriptions 3D & AR Commerce Shopware Analytics Solutions B2B Omnichannel Composable Frontends Headless Commerce Automation Apparel & Fashion Food Interior Automotive Partners Find an agency partner Find a hosting partner Find a technology partner Become a partner Developers Developer Documentation Release Notes Get started as developer Community Edition App Development Resources Academy Webinars & livestreams Commerce Famous Podcast Forum Fairs & conferences Community Day Consulting Services Ecommerce knowledge Voice of the customer: PhiAcademy How to Trust Center Analysts & Reports Whitepaper, Guides & more Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner and Magic Quadrant  is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal notice Copyright © shopware AG - All rights reserved Notice: * All prices are quoted net of the statutory value-added tax We’re here for you To find out more about Shopware, please get in touch. We look forward to hearing from you! New to Shopware? Welcome! Request a personal consultation and get all your questions answered. Already a Shopware customer? Great! If you need any help, contact our customer service team. Trusted by Loading form... Loading form... Alternatively, log in to your Shopware account to contact technical support (excluding customers with the Community Edition). Log in Personal product demo Get to know Shopware inside out. To request your custom product demo, fill in the form and we'll be in touch to book your appointment. Let us guide you through the heart and soul of our ecommerce solutions. Learn about Shopware's integrated features live in action. Discuss your challenges and receive instant feedback to your questions. Loading form... Elevate your business with Rise 1 To get started, you will need to create an account and register your online store. 2 Once set up, you can book your Rise plan instantly in your account*. Create Account and continue Already have an account? Login here *Booking a Rise plan within the account is only available for self-hosted stores. For Shopware SaaS and PaaS, please contact our sales team. Checking Authorization