ShoppingGives | Cause Marketing Software Solution Close Stay connected with ShoppingGives Sign-up for our bi-weekly newsletter and keep up to date with all things social impact. ShoppingGives is now a part of CPGIO's platform. Learn more → Solutions Social Impact Stack Store Donation on Purchase Round-Up Add-on Donation Action-based Impact Post-purchase Donation Targeting Segment Impact Data Full Funnel Impact Cause Marketing Compliance Use Cases eCommerce Donations Shopify & Shopify Plus Salesforce BigCommerce Custom API Omnichannel donations POS Post-purchase Integrations Yotpo Klaviyo Justuno For nonprofits Pricing Resources Blog Case Studies eBooks Support From the blog The 2023 State of Social Impact Annual Report Login Request a Demo Login Request a Demo Connecting Cause with Commerce Thousands of businesses of all sizes – from DTC retailers to Enterprise brands – use ShoppingGives to launch, scale, and optimize their charitable giving strategies Get Started ShoppingGives powers socially conscious brands Our Social Impact Stack is Giving Commerce a Conscience We simplify, systematize, and supercharge your cause marketing campaigns—saving you time and expense. Social Impact Stack Customize an impact Store donation on purchase In-store donations Action-based impact Each shipment is Carbon Neutral ShoppingGives empowers over 2,400 businesses with our social impact stack, elevating your impact strategy and connecting with values-aligned customers. ShoppingGives empowers over 2,400 businesses with our social impact stack for commerce, elevating your impact strategy and connecting with values-aligned customers. 24k+ Unique Nonprofits Supported 2.4k+ Merchant Partners Increase customer lifetime value through cause marketing Strengthen customer retention through value-alignment Maximize impact through strategic partnerships 6.5X Increase in customer lifetime value (CLTV) 51% Increase in retention rate $100k+ Raised for their partnered nonprofit “We feel it's important to represent the causes we believe in and are authentic to the brand. Further, we know from the analytics that our customers are aligned and that it's contributing to growing lifetime value.” Josh Krepon President of Direct to Consumer and Global Digital at Steve Madden "Working with ShoppingGives has helped us organize, facilitate, and communicate our charitable efforts. We have been thrilled to be able to more easily give, and to see how positively our customers have responded." Ken Natori President at The Natori Company "The ShoppingGives team has been integral in helping us refine our social impact strategy and establishing a meaningful partnership with Women's Earth Alliance. By leveraging ShoppingGives, we're able to enhance our credibility with customers." Andy Chiu General Manager at KraveBeauty Featured Posts Dedicated Impact Partners Earth Month 2024 Roundup Discover how top brands are giving back for Earth Month 2024 and making a positive environmental impact through eCommerce donations. Read more For Nonprofits Diversifying Fundraising—Offer Corporate Partners Multiple Ways to Give Explore how your nonprofit can offer your corporate partners more diverse ways to fundraise for your organization with tactical recommendations and examples of real brand and nonprofit partnerships. Read more Case Studies Breast Cancer Alliance Saw a 355% ROI through ShoppingGives Partnership Discover how Breast Cancer Alliance is enhancing awareness and optimizing corporate partnerships while achieving a 355% ROI within 90 days of partnering with ShoppingGives. Read more Unlock the power of social impact with ShoppingGives Learn more about how you can drive stronger business performance by giving back Social Impact Stack Products Store Donation Round-Up Add-on Donation Action-based Impact Post-purchase Targeting Segment Partnerships Become a Partner Resources Blog eBooks Podcast Demo Store Help Center Developer Docs Company Mission Careers Media Contact Us Copyright © ShoppingGives® 2025 All Rights Reserved Cookie Preferences Terms of Use Privacy Policy Data Processing Addendum