Shortlist - News, lists and in-depth reviews about the things you love. Shortlist × Search Sign in View Profile Sign out News Movies and TV Tech and Gaming Style Food and Drink Alcohol Music Books Newsletter Trending: iPhone Air Review Best Netflix Shows Best Whiskeys Best Rock Albums Jason Momoa! Sigourney Weaver! Stephen Graham! And the best Shortlist interviews of 2025 Songs that defined 2025: Your New Year's Eve playlist, sorted The best books of 2025 The 25 best albums of 2025 The best video games of 2025: Our top 11 picks From Taskmaster specials to the Stranger Things final episode: The big festive TV Guide for Christmas 2025 Last minute London New Year’s Eve plans — events that still have tickets available Most newsletters are rubbish. Ours isn't. Get exclusive shortlists, celebrity interviews and the best deals on the products you care about, straight to your inbox. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Latest Entertainment Netflix drops Stranger Things 5 teaser ahead of final episode - but what's next? Music Liam Gallagher teases Oasis plans - is a 2026 gig incoming after all? Latest Food And Drink London bar offers free pints of beer for pull-ups this January Entertainment From Gen Z comedians to Yes Prime Minister’s closing chapter: These are the 9 best shows heading to London theatres in 2026 Entertainment Avengers: Doomsday trailer lands almost a year before the film hits cinemas Entertainment The 10 biggest films of 2025 — and where to watch them Your go-to guide on what to watch, play and listen to Entertainment Netflix drops Stranger Things 5 teaser ahead of final episode - but what's next? End of an era Music Liam Gallagher teases Oasis plans - is a 2026 gig incoming after all? Be here now (or next Easter, apparently) Entertainment From Gen Z comedians to Yes Prime Minister’s closing chapter: These are the 9 best shows heading to London theatres in 2026 We need something to take the edge off January Entertainment Avengers: Doomsday trailer lands almost a year before the film hits cinemas Sad dads assemble Entertainment The 10 biggest films of 2025 — and where to watch them It's been a bumper year... Entertainment The most anticipated TV shows of 2026 Dragons, superheroes, prestige dramas and more Entertainment 10 blockbuster films you can’t miss in 2026 From a Christopher Nolan epic to the return of the Avengers, 2026 is going to be a massive year for blockbuster cinema View More The hottest new gear to pop on your wishlist Tech 007 First Light is delayed, but Bond’s big gaming comeback is still on track The names delayed, slightly delayed Tech 7 ways to win at Monopoly: how to pass GO — and everyone else Friendly fire and hostile takeovers Tech The 9 games you can't afford to miss in 2026 From superheroes to fantasy comebacks — and some little thing called Grand Theft Auto 6? — 2026 is going to be a massive year for gamers. Tech Fiio's Snowsky Disc is like a retro iPod inspired by the CD Minidisc next? Tech The 20 best LEGO sets of all time, ever! The very best in LEGO brick history! Pirates, castles, city sets and more. Did your favourite make the cut? Tech Make 90s gamers’ Christmas dreams come true with a G’AIM’E Time Crisis lightgun for modern TVs The G‘AIM’E brings back the long-lost art of the lightgun shooter, while celebrating 30 years of Time Crisis View More Cocktails, spirits, craft beer and every other liquid your tastebuds desire Alcohol The world’s first board game beer is launching in the UK – and it brings a modern fave to the pub table Moovellous Alcohol I'm a drinks expert staying sober this Christmas: Here's my non-alcoholic advent calendar that's also perfect for Dry January No and low go ho ho ho Alcohol Can you become a wine expert in 2 hours? We put a quick-fire tasting session with the pros to the test (and get 5 expert tips) How good does a £190 wine taste, anyway? Alcohol "Alcohol is doomed": How ‘synthenol’ science is making booze obsolete, according to an expert Tipsy without the toxins, a new breed of socially-minded drinks are set to take over. Alcohol A win for English whisky: Derbyshire’s White Peak Distillery’s Wire Works Bourbon Cask crowned Whisky of the Year 2026 Time to raise a glass Alcohol Glenlivet unveils its newest 56 year old single malt - but what does a £46,000 whisky taste like? Maybe a bit steep for secret santa Alcohol Mossburn’s new whisky collection bottles Scotland’s strangest folklore A mythical drop View More Meet The Team Get to know the Shortlist team — experts in tech, entertainment, fashion and more… Gerald Lynch Editor in Chief Hermione Blandford Content Editor Morgan Truder Staff Writer Marc Chacksfield Content Director Fantastic life enhancements, from fitness to well-being Health & Fitness New Year's Eve 2025 London transport: what’s on late and what’s not running Don't get stranded Health & Fitness Chasing the Northern Lights: An Arctic adventure Snow, stars, and spectacular skies Health & Fitness The best spots for a Christmas Day walk have been revealed – and four of them are in London *Snow not guaranteed Books 9 books that are secretly Christmas reads It's the literary equivalent of having chicken instead of turkey Health & Fitness London has just been named the kindest city in the UK – beating the likes of Manchester and Liverpool The seasons are really greeting Books 10 new non-fiction books to super-charge your winter reading Brain food for cold nights Health & Fitness King’s Cross's ultimate wellness festival is back for 2026 with saunas, plunge pools and new workshops January prayers answered View More Discover the best in nightlife, dining destinations, travel experiences, and top bars Food And Drink London bar offers free pints of beer for pull-ups this January Gains for gainz Food And Drink 5 top upcoming London restaurant openings - make January gourmet not glum Feast your eyes... and the rest Food And Drink Old favourites and new openings: These are our top tips for January dining Start the year as you mean to go on – with a big ol' meal Food And Drink 7 London restaurants added to the Michelin guide - including affordable Thai and Korean BBQ From chef's table to casual dining Food And Drink The Gingerbread City is closing soon – your last chance for the perfect post-Christmas day out in London A sugary slice of architecture Food And Drink London just got a new Banksy mural – just in time for Christmas That’s going to be a hard present to top Food And Drink The 9 weirdest Christmas traditions around the world, from pooping logs to mouldy potatoes Ho Ho Holy Moly what's going on View More Shortlist Selects Cherry-picked products for your payday pick-me-ups When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works. By Shortlist Team Fred Perry – Removable Liner Parka Jacket £425 at fredperry.com Moss — Green Long Coat £299 at moss.co.uk Polo Ralph Lauren — Leather Trim Shearling Bomber Jacket £2,395 at Ralph Lauren UK Carhartt WIP — Detroit Jacket (winter) £185 at carhartt-wip.com Expert advice on what to wear, no matter the season Style Final Fantasy VII Remake gets a high-end Avirex fashion crossover Ready for Seventh Heaven Style A boatload of retro PlayStation apparel is coming - caps, bags, jackets and more Take us back to 1994 Style Diesel Ultrahuman Ring — 5 Things you need to know Style plus smarts, on your finger View More Insight into the teams and players you care about, both on and off the pitch Sport Chelsea and Spurs to play first-ever overseas derby in Sydney next summer Never mind the World Cup hangover Sport The 2026 World Cup Draw is about to happen — here’s how to watch it live Robbie Williams and The Village People to appear Sport How to start snowboarding: The complete beginner’s guide Essential gear, expert tips and the best destinations View More More From Shortlist Alcohol The world’s first board game beer is launching in the UK – and it brings a modern fave to the pub table Food And Drink 5 top upcoming London restaurant openings - make January gourmet not glum Style A boatload of retro PlayStation apparel is coming - caps, bags, jackets and more Health & Fitness New Year's Eve 2025 London transport: what’s on late and what’s not running Entertainment Peaky Blinders: The Immortal Man trailer reveals release date and run time - welcome back Tommy Shelby Entertainment What to watch: new movies and TV shows to stream this week Food And Drink Old favourites and new openings: These are our top tips for January dining Entertainment 12 best LEGO sets of 2025 - from Star Trek to Nintendo Entertainment A planetarium is coming to London's Battersea Power Station, for a limited time only Food And Drink 7 London restaurants added to the Michelin guide - including affordable Thai and Korean BBQ Food And Drink The Gingerbread City is closing soon – your last chance for the perfect post-Christmas day out in London Food And Drink London just got a new Banksy mural – just in time for Christmas Find us on socials Instagram TikTok Flipboard Facebook X ShortList About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Add as a preferred source on Google Shortlist is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. Close Please login or signup to comment Please wait... Login Sign Up