Shorebird New product Zero-config CI for Flutter & Dart is here! Pricing About Blog Docs FAQs 2.8k Get started Ship fast. Break things. Confidently update Flutter apps , instantly. Try it now Learn more Shipping updates is hard Building an app is only half the battle. Delivering and coordinating
      releases across multiple platforms is a huge source of friction and
      complexity. App updates are slow It can take days, or even weeks, to get updates deployed to all users and platforms. Releasing is expensive Automating and coordinating releases takes valuable time away from delivering customer value. Deployments are unpredictable Traditional release processes make it very difficult to estimate when an update will be available to users. Built by the same people who built Flutter Deliver instant updates Fix critical issues on your schedule by pushing updates directly to users'
    devices. Works everywhere Flutter does Build for users, not platforms. Shorebird allows you to push updates everywhere your users are. Change any Dart code No need to plan ahead. Setup Shorebird in minutes and push updates to any Dart code. Rollback changes with no impact Roll changes back instead of rushing the next build through the release process. Designed for store compliance Shorebird adheres to all store guidelines to ensure your app is always compliant. For Teams Adding Shorebird to your application allows product teams to make
        impactful decisions quickly instead of having to wait for the next app
        review cycle. Respond to customer
          issues and complaints quickly Easily phase out
          support for older app versions Fix customer
          complaints in seconds, not days Get started Learn more 2,500+ teams use us For Developers With Shorebird, development teams can quickly deploy fixes instead of
        waiting for full app releases. Iterate quickly
          and confidently Hotfix in
          seconds, not days No need for
          legacy code path maintenance Get started Learn more Give your team superpowers Deliver the best possible experience to your users, regardless of
      platform. Learn more Ship Faster Get fixes in customers hands on your schedule. Roll Back Roll back any updates with the click of a button. Hyper-frequent Updates Ship multiple times a day with confidence. Level Playing Field Provide a consistent experience to all users, regardless of platform. Seasonal Events Instantly deploy updates during critical times of the year. White-label Ship to thousands of apps directly from your CI. Seamless Collaboration Provide instant access to the latest iterations to all collaborators. Peace of Mind Rest easy knowing a fix is just a click away. Get started today! Setup Shorebird in minutes for free! Try it now Success stories See how everyone from small teams to global companies are using Shorebird
      today. View all stories Flame Learn how Flame, an open source game engine built for Flutter, reduced their CI times by up to 95% with Shorebird CI. WAGUS Learn how WAGUS uses Shorebird to move as fast as the crypto world does in order to keep their users at the front of the market. Pay as you grow Deliver instant updates with pricing that scales as you grow. Monthly Yearly Free Made for hobbyists, small apps, and demos. $0 / month Get started Pro Sized for usage from medium sized apps with scalable pricing. $20 / month Buy now Business Great for large apps with advanced needs. $400 / month Buy now Enterprise Build a custom plan for enterprise apps & needs. Custom Talk to sales Cost per patch Estimate the cost to send a patch to your users. View full pricing Users 5,000 Estimated Cost $0 *Prices are quoted in USD and sold as "patch installs per month", reflecting successful installs of a given patch. For example, 1 patch pushed to 10 devices is 10 installs. 2 patches pushed to 5 devices is also 10 installs. Testimonials See what the community has to say about Shorebird. Jason Rai Head of Frontend Engineering, Kijiji We use Shorebird at Kijiji on Android and it's been awesome. Working well at a very large scale. Renan Araujo Senior Engineer, Superlist Shorebird was very useful for distributing updates to my Flame game with over 10k players. Works like a charm. Taha Tesser Engineer, Codemagic Shorebird solves one of the biggest challenges: bringing over-the-air updates instantly to your users. Backed by an amazing team. Esra Kadah Senior Mobile App Developer, Antigua Mobile With our client’s app dependency on real-time task management, waiting for app store approvals wasn’t an option. Any downtime could lead to lost revenue for their customers. Shorebird’s over-the-air patches saved us multiple times with critical fixes. Scott MacDougall Head of Engineering, Mobile at Kijiji Over time, we have realized that we could Shorebird a fix quickly to all of our users, which made an enormous impact on customer satisfaction. That’s now become a default phrase in our development team, as it’s a great tool to have in our toolbox. David Sylvester-Paul CTO at EasySpend In the past, we often wondered how other highly rated mobile apps updated their features without forcing users to manually download an update from the store. That curiosity led us to Shorebird, and ever since, we have implemented it in all of our applications. FAQ Check out the top frequently asked questions. For a more comprehensive
        list, head to our documentation site. Go to Docs Does Shorebird work for existing apps? Does Shorebird comply with Play Store and App Store guidelines? Can I use this in production? Can Shorebird see my source code? Can I self-host Shorebird or do you offer on-prem? Where is the roadmap? Read our blog Stay up-to-date on all things Shorebird. View all blogs December 24, 2025 Introducing advanced permissions Business and Enterprise plan customers now have access to advanced permissions. December 21, 2025 Shorebird 2025 year in review 2025 brought with it new products, new team members, and new customers. Resources Learn more about Shorebird and chat with the community. Read the docs Learn everything you need to get started with Shorebird in just a few minutes from core concepts to detailed tutorials. Chat with the community Ask questions, share what you're building, and participate in discussions with the Shorebird community. Start shipping fast, today! It takes less than 5 minutes to integrate with your current codebase. Try it now Subscribe to our newsletter Helping businesses succeed with Flutter. Website Home Pricing About Jobs Blog Docs FAQs Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service DPA Copyright @2025