Shotcut - Home Toggle navigation NEWS DOWNLOAD FEATURES TUTORIALS RESOURCES FORUM MORE FAQ CREDITS HOW TOs REVIEWS ROAD MAP SITE MAP Shotcut is a free, open source, cross-platform video editor. Click to Download advertisement Wide Format Support Supports hundreds of audio and video formats and codecs thanks to FFmpeg. No import required which means native editing, plus multi-format timelines, resolutions and frame-rates within a project. Frame accurate seeking supported for many video formats. More Info Device and Transport Options Blackmagic Design SDI and HDMI for input and preview monitoring. Screen, webcam and audio capture. Network stream playback. Supports resolutions up to 4k and capture from SDI, HDMI, webcam, JACK & Pulse audio, IP stream, X11 screen and Windows DirectShow devices. More Info Sleek, Intuitive Interface Multiple dockable and undockable panels, including detailed media properties, recent files with search, playlist with thumbnail view, filter panel, history view, encoding panel, jobs queue, and melted server and playlist. Also supports drag-n-drop of assets from file manager. More Info Latest News New Version 25.12: Higher & Higher New Version 25.10: Please Mr. Please New Version 25.08 New Version 25.07: Hot Hot Hot New Version 25.05: Freeze Frame New Version 25.03 New Version 25.01: Finally, Playlist Bins New Version 24.11 New Version 24.10: Whisper to a Scream Quickstart You open files by drag-n-drop in addition to the usual menu and
    toolbar methods. Tap J, K, L to control playback speed and direction. Tap J or L
    repeatedly to go faster. Tap I or O to set the in and out points. Press left or right cursor keys to step frame-by-frame. Press page up or down to step one second at-a-time. Press alt+left or alt+right to jump between start, in, out, and end. Version is based on date. You can choose to update whenever you like
    and keep multiple versions (new versions are available every two months). Video Tutorials Search Shotcut was originally conceived in November, 2004 by Charlie Yates, an MLT co-founder and the original lead developer
            ( see the original
                website ). The current version of Shotcut is a complete rewrite by Dan Dennedy, another MLT
                co-founder and its current lead. Dan wanted to create a new editor based on MLT and he chose to reuse
                the Shotcut name since he liked it so much. He wanted to make something to exercise the new
                cross-platform capabilities of MLT especially in conjunction with the WebVfx and Movit plugins. Dan Dennedy Lead Developer of Shotcut and MLT Some of the Software Projects used in Shotcut More Info About Shotcut is a free, open source, cross-platform video editor for Windows, Mac and Linux. Major features include support for a wide range of formats; no import required meaning native timeline editing; Blackmagic Design support for input and preview monitoring; and resolution support to 4k. Social Links Copyright © 2011-2025 by Meltytech, LLC Shotcut is a trademark of Meltytech, LLC.