Sam Houston State University Skip to main content About Alumni Athletics Giving News Tools & Support Open Search Tools Blackboard Email My Sam SamWeb SHSU Intranet Newton Gresham Library Academic Calendar Site Directory Campus Map Support Academic Success Center Career Success Center First-Generation Center SAM Center Services for Students with Disabilities Student Health Center Student Money Management Academics Academics Where hands-on learning meets real-world skills, success follows. Find what you want to study or explore all your academic opportunities. Majors & Programs Colleges SHSU Online Graduate Studies Honors College Research Admissions Admissions Select the type of student you are to get information on deadlines, requirements, and next steps for applying to SHSU. Freshman Transfer Graduate International SamPoly Accepted Students Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Find out how much it costs to attend SHSU and the variety of financial aid options available to help you pay for it. Cost of Attendance Student Account Services Types of Aid Bearkat Promise Frequently Asked Questions Campus Life Campus Life Explore what it’s like to live on campus at SHSU, from where you’ll live and eat to activities you can take part in outside of class. Housing Clubs & Organizations Greek Life Recreation & Fitness Dining Visit Apply Request Info Tools & Support Open Search Academics Academics Majors & Programs Colleges SHSU Online Graduate Studies Honors College Research Admissions Admissions Freshman Transfer Graduate International SamPoly Accepted Students Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Cost of Attendance Student Account Services Types of Aid Bearkat Promise Frequently Asked Questions Campus Life Campus Life Housing Clubs & Organizations Greek Life Recreation & Fitness Dining Visit Apply Request Info About Alumni Athletics Giving News Back Open Search Tools Blackboard Email My Sam SamWeb SHSU Intranet Newton Gresham Library Academic Calendar Site Directory Campus Map Support Academic Success Center Career Success Center First-Generation Center SAM Center Services for Students with Disabilities Student Health Center Student Money Management Search Keywords Search You are who You choose to be If you're driven to lead, achieve and leave a lasting impact — you’re ready to be a Bearkat. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to rise to every challenge. Academic excellence in Huntsville, Texas Our hands-on academics offer personal connections and real-world skills to help you rise to greater in the workforce. Flexible, quality online education Pursue your studies from anywhere with SHSU Online. Explore a wide range of programs designed to elevate your learning experience. Your drive is a Your drive is a force for good Ready to build something greater? As Bearkats, we put in the work and live by our motto: “The measure of a Life is its Service.” Class
                                            of 2024 Jaime Peña Class of 2024 “I want to be able to support people through my strengths and create a community where they feel comfortable sharing ideas.” Class
                                            of 2025 Ranada Mingo Class of 2025 "No matter where you come from, or what life throws at you, you have a place here." Class
                                            of 2025 Santiago Cortes Mejia Class of 2025 “I want to help teachers become better teachers.” Let's see You succeed Funding your future A college degree is a vital investment in your future. We’re here to help you maximize your funding opportunities. COST & AID #58 America’s Top Online Colleges for 2025 Newsweek #9 in Texas ahead of all other TSUS Institutions Wall Street Journal Top 5% Social Mobility Nationwide U.S. News & World Report We’ll help you pursue your excellence We offer a wide range of support services — from academic advising to career guidance — to help you reach your goals every step of the way. Academic Success Center Tutoring and workshops to support you at every stage of your learning journey Student Money Management Financial education and coaching to set you up for success at SHSU and beyond Student Advising & Mentoring Advisors can help you make good decisions all along your academic journey Career Success Center Get support with career planning, internships and job placements after college Become a Bearkat Ready to see campus for yourself or start your application to SHSU? Our Admissions team is here to help. Take a tour Apply now Policies Employee & Department Search Title IX Site Policies/Additional Links State of Texas Mental Health Counselling Texas Homeland Security TRAIL Fraud Reporting Hotline State Auditor’s Office Hotline Site Directory KatSafe Jobs Open Records Requests The measure of a life is its service