Shure: Microphones, Wireless microphones, in-ear monitoring, earphones, headphones - Shure Asia Skip To Content Asia Pacific Where to Buy Tech Portal (Opens in a new tab) ShureCloud (Opens in a new tab) Products Discover Support Top Product Matches No Product Top Document Matches No Product View All Matches Choose Your Country Home DCA901 | Broadcast Microphone Array Turn every viewer into a front row fan. Learn More MAXIMIZE CHANNEL COUNT. MINIMIZE SPACE. ANX4 Scalable Wireless for Axient Digital® and ULX-D® Learn More ULX-D Wireless Trusted Reliability. Expanded Efficiency. Ready For More. See What's New! MV7i Smart Microphone & Interface ONE MIC. TWO CHANNELS. COUNTLESS WAYS TO RECORD. Shop MV7i IntelliMix™ Room Kits For Microsoft Teams Rooms Get your dream team together. Explore The Complete Kits Microflex Wireless neXt 4 and neXt 8 Big Turnouts, Simply Solved Explore Now Axient® Digital PSM Advanced Digital In-Ear Monitor System Now Shipping! Microphones Wireless Earphones Headphones In Ear Monitoring Software Mixers & DSP Bundles Loudspeakers Accessories New Products Best Sellers Shure Insights Pro Audio Conferencing & Meetings Content Creators Listening ULX-D Digital Wireless Systems: Trusted Reliability, Expanded Efficiency Experience the reliable performance and wireless scalability of Shure ULX-D® in demanding RF environments, now with wide tuning capabilities and more! Read Article ANX4 Scalable Wireless Receiver: More of What You Want and Less of What You Don't Shure’s ANX4 is a scalable, high-tier wireless receiver designed for large channel-count environments. Up to 16 Axient Digital or 24 ULX-D channels can be managed via ShureCloud for flexible allocation across devices. ANX4 maximizes rack space, offers wide tuning (174 MHz–2 GHz), integrated Dante/AES67 outputs, and streamlined antenna setups, delivering cost efficiency and adaptability for complex productions. Read Article How Steerable Lobes Redefine Broadcast Audio Capture Shure’s DCA901 Broadcast Microphone Array uses digitally steerable lobes to capture precise, high-quality audio for live broadcasts. It combines 78 internal microphones into eight adjustable pickup zones with integrated DSP, reducing setup complexity and hardware footprint. Benefits include superior isolation, minimal ambient noise, and streamlined control via a web interface—ideal for sports and live events. Read Article Why Broadcast Audio Is Due For A Revolution Broadcast has transformed visually over the years. Now, it’s time for sound to take the next step. Discover how Shure is helping shape the future of broadcast audio. Read Article Axient® Digital PSM Channel Licenses Discover the groundbreaking Axient® Digital PSM, now with Channel Expansion and more flexibility — explore new capabilities and manage your perpetual channel licenses. Read Article Wireless Workbench Mobile: New Optimized App, Frequency Coordination, and More! Shure is excited to announce the new Wireless Workbench Mobile app — built to ensure seamless wireless management for audio professionals on the move. Read Article Shure Advocates for our Sector at the APT Ministerial Meeting in Tokyo Read Article Shure Advocates for UHF Spectrum Preservation at an EU regulators Workshop Explore Shure’s advocacy for preserving UHF spectrum in Europe. Learn why access to 470–694 MHz is vital for wireless microphones and live events amid growing demand. Read Article Exploring WMAS: The Future of RF Wireless Microphone Technology Read Article Let’s celebrate 100 Years of Extraordinary Sound Our history is the history of audio. As a company of engineers, concert goers, performers and presenters – we make products with a passion fueled by a deep understanding and respect for the needs of the people we make them for. Since 1925, Shure has been a technology leader whose products have set the industry standard and become synonymous with superior quality and reliability for generations of people. Become Part of the Story Check Out the Latest From Shure Shure Doesn't Miss a Beat at Billboard Latin Music Awards 2025 The Billboard Latin Music Awards, celebrated at the James L. Knight Center in Miami on October 23, was a showcase of extraordinary talent, remarkable moments, and innovative new technology. Broadcast live on Telemundo, the Latin Billboards highlighted the best in Latin music with performances from notable artists. Read Article Shure Microphones and Wireless Trusted by Firehouse Productions at MTV VMAs Broadcast on CBS and streamed on Paramount+, this year’s MTV Video Music  Awards set a record for the most viewed and engaged VMAs in history. A diligent team of audio engineering professionals from Firehouse Productions trusted Shure wireless audio technology to ensure the evening’s production was as iconic as the artists performing. Read Article Delivering Front-Row Sound to the Living Room: Shure Debuts the First Digital Array Microphone Tailored for Broadcast Shure, the leading manufacturer of audio solutions known for quality, performance, and durability, advances the field of audio capture for broadcast with the groundbreaking DCA901 Planar Array Microphone. Designed for sports, studio, and live event production, DCA901 delivers front-row sound to viewers while reducing the number of microphones and cables required. With digitally steerable lobes and onboard digital signal processing, engineers can isolate sources, reduce ambient noise, and maintain total control over the mix. Read Article Shure to Spark Innovation at IBC 2025 Celebrating a century of audio innovation, Shure returns to the IBC Show in Amsterdam (from September 12th-15th), where we will be announcing a groundbreaking solution for capturing audio in the broadcast industry. This year, Shure is not only unveiling its latest line-up of products but also empowering the future of the entertainment landscape as an Associate Sponsor of the IBC2025 Accelerator Media Innovation Programme. Read Article Shure Takes the Stage with Performers, Supporters and Survivors at Stand Up To Cancer Telecast Stand Up To Cancer, an organization with a mission to raise awareness and fund research to detect and treat cancers with the aspiration to cure all patients, hosted its ninth annual telecast at The Pinnacle in Nashville on August 15. The event featured inspirational performances that helped secure millions of dollars in donations for cancer research. Audio engineers used Shure technology to deliver pristine audio and inspiring messages to more than four million viewers on ABC, NBC, CBS, and FOX. Read Article New Shure Innovations Bring Transformative Scalability and Flexibility to Leading Wireless Systems Read Article Shure to Debut IntelliMix™ Foundation System and Networked Pendant Loudspeaker at InfoComm 2025 Shure, a leading manufacturer of audio solutions for collaboration, will be landing in Orlando, Florida June 11-13 as a headline partner for InfoComm 2025. Celebrating 100 years of innovation, Shure demonstrates its continuous dedication to the AV industry by revealing groundbreaking solutions for all professional environments. Read Article Shure IntelliMix™ Room Kits Certified For Microsoft Teams and Now Available Shure, a leading manufacturer of collaboration solutions, today announced its new IntelliMix™ Room Kits for Microsoft Teams Rooms are Certified for Microsoft Teams and now shipping in Americas (excluding Brazil)1. The complete, scalable meeting room systems feature class-leading audio and video performance. They are designed for effortless deployment in small, medium, and large collaboration spaces, ensuring seamless integration and compatibility within Teams environments. Read Article Wireless Microphone Spectrum Alliance (WMSA) Provides Updates on Members and Washington, DC Meetings Read Article Need Additional Assistance? Our experts offer industry-proven tips and tricks to help you find an audio solution and get the most from your gear. Contact Our Support Team Get Support for Products & Solutions Our support center offers easy and direct access to complete product documentation, software and firmware information, comparisons, and other technical tools and resources all in one place. Visit Our Support Center Stay Connected! Get updates about Shure news, product releases, special offers, events and more! SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER (Opens in a new tab) Products Microphones Wireless Systems Headphones Earphones In-Ear Monitoring DSP, Routing & Mixing Accessories Software See All Products About Shure About Us 100 Years of Extraordinary Sound Careers The Mix Matters Sustainability Partners Cookie Policy Change Cookie Preferences Candidate Privacy Policy Insights & Events Insights Newsroom Events Livestream Spectrum Support Service & Repair User Guides & Documentation Online Tools Product Training Software & Firmware Warranty Supplier Partnership Handbook (Opens in a new tab) Product Security Contact Us See all Support (Opens in a new tab) (Opens in a new tab) (Opens in a new tab) (Opens in a new tab) (Opens in a new tab) (Opens in a new tab) ©2025 Shure Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Legal