We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customise
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to main content
JOURNALS
BOOKS
SIAM ENGAGE
JOIN SIAM
DONATE
SIAM News
Activity Groups
Prizes & Awards
Log In
Publications
Toggle sub-menu
Programs & Initiatives
Toggle sub-menu
Conferences & Events
Toggle sub-menu
Membership
Toggle sub-menu
Get Involved
Toggle sub-menu
About Us
Toggle sub-menu
Inspiring Innovation through Research

Applied mathematics, computational and data science are essential to moving society forward and solving many of the world’s most pressing questions and problems. SIAM plays a central role in bringing mathematical and computational scientists together, providing a platform and community for this important work.

About SIAM
The Latest from SIAM
ANNOUNCEMENT
SIAM Presents Newest Leadership

We are excited to introduce our President-elect, Vice President-at-Large, Secretary, members of the Board of Trustees, and members of Council as elected by the SIAM membership.

PROGRAMS & INITIATIVES
SIAM-Simons Undergraduate Summer Research Program

Applications are open for summer 2026!

CONFERENCES & EVENTS
Submissions are open for the 2026 SIAM Annual Meeting (AN26)

Minisymposium proposals are due January 26, 2026 while contributed lecture, poster, miniposterium and minisymposium presentation abstracts are due February 16, 2026.

Connecting the Global Applied Mathematics Community for 70+ Years

Connect with mathematicians, engineers, and scientists around the world through our various communities, volunteer and networking opportunities, prizes and awards, and other ways to participate. 

Join SIAM
Explore SIAM
Publications

SIAM publishes 18 peer-reviewed research journals that are respected and highly-cited throughout the applied mathematics and computational science community, as well as textbooks and books.

Conferences

SIAM conferences focus on timely topics in applied mathematics and computational science and provide a place for members to exchange ideas and expand their network of colleagues in academia, industry, and labs.

Activity Groups

These groups organize conferences and minisymposia, distribute communications, and award prizes. Members get additional discounts on activity group conferences.

Programs & Initiatives

SIAM programs, including our robust prize program, provide growth, development, and networking opportunities for members of the community, especially students and early career researchers.

Professional Development

Visit the SIAM Job Board, participate in an upcoming career fair, and browse our resources to learn more about the quantitative, mathematical, computing, and analytical skills that are needed in today’s marketplace.

Prizes & Awards

Through SIAM prizes, we recognize applied mathematicians, data and computational scientists for their research contributions, lifetime achievements, and service to the applied mathematical sciences community.

MORE THAN A MEMBERSHIP
Make SIAM Your Community

Meet mathematical scientists who are exploring the vast world of data science, combining elements from various disciplines such as statistics, computer science, machine learning, data visualization, and domain expertise to analyze complex datasets and solve real-world problems. Learn why SIAM membership, conferences, and community benefit scientists around the world. Watch the video.

Watch Video
From SIAM News

Keeping our community informed on news and cutting-edge research in applied mathematics, computational science, and data science.

Event
2026 Graduate Student Mathematical Modeling Camp
In Person
June 9–12 , 2026
SIAM News
Data-driven Reparameterization for the Structural Optimization of Ship Hulls
December 12, 2025
By Lorenzo Fabris Marco Tezzele Ciro Busiello Mauro Sicchiero Gianluigi Rozza
SIAM News
Shifting the Classical-quantum Boundary: Insights From Pilot-wave Hydrodynamics
December 1, 2025
By John W.M. Bush
CAREERS IN APPLIED MATHEMATICS
Putting Research Into Action

Applications of mathematics and science are all around us. Learn about important research and discovery that impacts our daily lives and the careers in STEM that are driving this work. 

Learn More
Support SIAM's Mission

Your donation helps SIAM advance the application of mathematics to science and industry.

Donate Now
Stay Up-to-Date with Email Alerts

Sign up for our monthly newsletter and emails about other topics of your choosing.

Email Address
Sign Up Now
3600 Market Street
6th Floor
Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
ABOUT SIAM
Mission & History
Governance & Leadership
Committees
Staff
Collaborations
Code of Conduct
Policies & Guidelines
Jobs at SIAM
Contact Us
MEMBERSHIP
Member Benefits
Become a Member
Renew Your Membership
Connect with a Community
Ways to Participate
Jobs in STEM
SHARE & SUPPORT
Newsroom
Advertise with Us
Become a Sponsor
Post a Job
Information for Librarians
Subscribe to Our Emails
© 2025 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Terms & Conditions
Privacy