SickKids | The Hospital for Sick Children Skip to Main Content Go to Sitemap High volumes in the Emergency Department Patients and families with non-emergent medical issues should expect longer than usual wait times. Search Submit Emergency Emergency Our Emergency Department is here to serve children whose lives may be in danger. Coming to Emergency Department Learn what to expect in the SickKids Emergency Department, from arrival to being seen. Virtual Urgent Care Find out if your concern needs an emergency department or primary care visit or if you are eligible for a virtual urgent care visit. Quick Links Ontario Poison Centre Call the OPC at 1-800-268-9017 or 416-813-5900 for poison emergencies or questions about poisoning. Health Connect Ontario Connect with a registered nurse day or night for free, secure and confidential health advice. AboutKidsHealth.ca Find trusted information from our health experts. Patients & Visitors Patients & Visitors See essential information for patients and visitors, including appointment protocols, directions, where to eat and shop, plus much more. Planning Your Visit What you need to know before your arrival. Planning Your Visit Go back up What you need to know before your arrival. Coming for Appointments Before an appointment, familiarize yourself with our general guidelines for all clinical appointments. Coming for Surgery Review this important information to help prepare for surgery. Family Presence & Visiting a Patient See our current guidelines for family presence and patient visits, including policies and what not to bring. Staying Overnight Prepare your child for an overnight stay at the hospital. Parking Parking is available under the hospital, on Elm St. Map & Directions Plan your route to SickKids or view maps of our campus. Accessibility Discover accessibility accommodations available to you. Pay Your Bill Pay your bill online or by other methods. Our Care Philosophy Learn about our patient and family-centred care model. Family Spaces & Programming Relax and play in our family spaces and learn more about our programming. Financial & Legal Assistance Financial and legal supports available to you. Food & Shops Grab a bite or shop while at the hospital. Health Records Inquiries Request access to your personal record. Language Interpretation Services On-site interpreter services for patients and families with limited English proficiency. MyChart Patient Portal Access your electronic health record. Patient and Family Rights & Responsibilities Read the rights of patients and families when receiving care at SickKids, and their responsibilities towards staff and other patients and families. Patient Feedback Share concerns or compliments about your experience at SickKids. Safety & Infection Prevention Patient safety is our top priority and working together to keep you and your child safe. Pharmacy & Prescriptions Grab your prescription at Shoppers Drug Mart. Privacy & Your Information Know your rights at SickKids. Transition to Adult Care Adult care resources and supports. Virtual Clinic Visits What you need to know about your virtual clinic appointment. Quick Links International Patients Parking Care & Services Care & Services As Canada's largest and most respected paediatric academic health sciences centre, we deliver comprehensive services across a wide range of clinical specialties. Clinical Departments Our care extends across a wide range of clinical specialties. Clinics Find a specific SickKids clinic. Support Services Hospital-wide resources for the specific needs of patients and families. Support Services Go back up Hospital-wide resources for the specific needs of patients and families. Bioethics Academically grounded, clinically and organizationally-focused ethics service. Breastfeeding Support & Resources Helpful information and in-hospital support available to parents and infants. Clinical Dietetics Registered dietitians provide nutrition care in both inpatient and outpatient programs. Child & Youth Counsellors Child and youth counsellors support patients and families in the psychiatry and eating disorder units. Child Life Child Life programs focus on the social and emotional impact of illness and hospitalization. Children's Orthotics Get custom orthoses or braces for correction or improved function. Creative Arts Therapy Take advantage of the benefits of therapeutic art, music and play. Genetic Counselling Genetic counsellors translate genetic information in a way that’s accessible for families. Grief & Bereavement Resources Support resources for your family after the loss of a child. Immunization InfoLine Offering families comprehensive information from a trusted health care professional about all immunizations. Paediatric Advanced Care Team PACT meets with children and their families when a child is facing a serious illness to provide an extra layer of support and maximize quality of life. Social Work Social work services and psychosocial interventions for children, adolescents and families. Spiritual & Religious Care Find inter-faith support for patients, families and staff. For Health-care Providers Referral information, clinical guidelines, lab services and more for providers. For Health-care Providers Go back up Referral information, clinical guidelines, lab services and more for providers. Acute Care Transport Service ACTS provides 24-hour medical advice, stabilization and inter-hospital transport for critically ill and injured children. Lab & Testing Services Department of Paediatric Laboratory Medicine (DPLM) provides diagnoses that lead to early selection of best treatment options. Medical Directives To reduce gaps in patient care, SickKids permits medical directives from health-care providers. Pharmacy & Drug Formulary Learn about clinical pharmacists and our Compounding Service. Refer a Patient Learn how community health-care providers can electronically refer patients to SickKids’ out-patient clinics. Rental Housing for Staff Learn about the various rental housing accommodations available to new staff. Clinical Practice Resources Guidelines, pathways and other documents to guide health care professionals in the management of specific health conditions. Centres See how each SickKids centre impacts child health research, care and education, leading to better health outcomes. Centres Go back up See how each SickKids centre impacts child health research, care and education, leading to better health outcomes. Brain Tumour Research Centre Progressing towards more predictable clinical control of brain tumours in children. Centre for Global Child Health A dedicated hub supporting a global mission for better child health. Centre for Healthy Active Kids Improving child health through innovative, interdisciplinary research and novel approaches to clinical care and education. Cystic Fibrosis Centre Driving research discovery and new therapies, care, and education for cystic fibrosis to benefit children worldwide. Edwin S.H. Leong Centre for Healthy Children Bringing scholars together to address inequities in child health in Canada. Garron Family Cancer Centre An innovative virtual centre advancing the diagnosis and treatments of children, adolescents and young adults with cancer. Garry Hurvitz Centre for Brain & Mental Health Driving innovation in neurosciences and mental health disciplines, programs and services. Inflammatory Bowel Disease Centre Leading cutting-edge research, clinical care and education for paediatric IBD patients. Labatt Family Heart Centre One of the top three heart centres in the world, innovating cardiac clinical care, research and education. Pain Centre Preventing and minimizing pain for children through integrated clinical care, education and research. Ted Rogers Centre for Heart Research Revolutionary new approaches in studying heart failure and pursuing individualized care for all, committed to improving heart health for children and adults. Transplant & Regenerative Medicine Centre Canada's most research-intensive paediatric transplant program, and the largest centre dedicated to transplant care. International Patients The International Patient Program provides children living outside of Canada access to specialized paediatric care. Mental Health Strategy Read our approach to achieving unprecedented outcomes in child and youth mental health. Indigenous Health We're committed to collaborating with partners on culturally appropriate services for Indigenous children and families. Saliva Testing Program The Saliva Testing Program at SickKids offers free saliva test kits to symptomatic students and staff in select schools and outpatient environments (eg. SickKids ED) across the Toronto area. Surgical and Endoscopy Community Partnerships Program Facilitates timely access to high-quality paediatric surgical care for patients and families. Quick Links Coming for Surgery Coming for Appointments Preparing for your virtual visit Map & Directions Refer a Patient News News Read the latest news and stories at SickKids. News & Stories Find the latest SickKids news and stories in our newsroom. Advocacy & Reports Read guidance documents and reports by SickKids experts. Media Relations & Policies All media inquiries are coordinated through Communications & Public Affairs. December 29, 2025 Low-dose peanut therapy may help protect more kids with peanut allergy New research finds a significantly lower dose of peanut oral immunotherapy may provide similar protection from accidental contamination, compared to standard treatment. Research Research Breakthrough discoveries, from bench to bedside. About the Research Institute Over 2,000 researchers, trainees and staff are working together to tackle the toughest challenges in child health. Research Programs Research at SickKids has led to some of the most important discoveries in paediatric health. See what we’re working on today. Research Programs Go back up Research at SickKids has led to some of the most important discoveries in paediatric health. See what we’re working on today. Cell & Systems Biology We aim to understand how cells function at the molecular level, and how these functions go awry in disease states. Child Health Evaluative Sciences We conduct and translate research into clinical practice, systems, and policy to improve the health and well-being of children. Developmental, Stem Cell & Cancer Biology We focus on cutting-edge developmental genetics, genomics, stem cell and cancer biology research. Genetics & Genome Biology We work to determine the role genes play in paediatric health by innovating sequencing and disease modelling technologies. Molecular Medicine We develop molecular approaches for the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of human diseases. Neurosciences & Mental Health We focus on advancing understanding of the brain to develop novel approaches to therapy and prevention strategies. Translational Medicine We bring top researchers from several disciplines together to collaborate on research affecting children’s health. Clinical Research Find information about clinical research services, research ethics, and how to participate in clinical research. Clinical Research Go back up Find information about clinical research services, research ethics, and how to participate in clinical research. Participate in Clinical Research Interested in participating in clinical research at SickKids? Learn how you can get involved in the next ground-breaking study. Clinical Research Operations Clinical Research Operations (CR Ops) supports study teams and quality clinical research with tools, templates, education, facilities and more. Research Ethics Board The Research Ethics Board protects the rights and welfare of human research participants. Research Training Centre Learn about the programs and fellowships we offer the next generation of researchers. Research Training Centre Go back up Learn about the programs and fellowships we offer the next generation of researchers. Research Training Centre RTC supports over 1,300 undergraduate and graduate students, research fellows, and research associates at SickKids. Summer Research Program Conduct research in a laboratory or clinical setting with top research scientists in their fields during SickKids’ 15-week Summer Research (SSuRe) Program. Becoming a Student or Fellow Join us in pursuing the most innovative and impactful research happening in Canada. Skills & Career Development We provide research students, fellows, associates and staff with the skills they need in their current and future research careers. Scholarships, Fellowships & Awards Find and apply for scholarships, awards, and fellowships available to current research students and fellows Research Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our initiatives and interventions towards creating a diverse research environment. Core Facilities & Resources Learn more about our world-class research core facilities. Research Integrity Promoting the best in research integrity, education and resources. Nursing Research Building capacity in paediatric nursing research worldwide through education, mentorship and collaboration. Quick Links Meet our Researchers Commercialization at SickKids Participate in Clinical Research Research Ethics Board Learning Learning We embrace a culture of learning that spans the breadth of our programs and services. About the Learning Institute Every day we work to advance an inclusive learning culture for our staff and families. Our Programs There are always learning opportunities available at SickKids – see what programs we’re currently running. Our Programs Go back up There are always learning opportunities available at SickKids – see what programs we’re currently running. Nursing & Interprofessional Education Our clinical staff are highly trained health-care professionals who are supported through continued learning. Simulation Program This collaborative program is using simulation to transform the future of health care. Infant and Early Mental Health Promotion IEMHP translates and promotes the science of early mental health into practice with families. SickKids Centre for Community Mental Health Learning Institute Evidence-informed learning opportunities to advance best practices in mental health care. Knowledge Translation Program The Knowledge Translation (KT) Program contributes to research innovation and impact by training and working with KT professionals, educators, clinicians, funders, and organizations to strengthen KT capacity and develop the profession, both nationally and internationally. Patient, Family & Community Education Handy programs and online resources for patients, families and the community. Patient, Family & Community Education Go back up Handy programs and online resources for patients, families and the community. AboutKidsHealth Resources Health information from trusted SickKids experts. CPR and Resuscitation Training for the Community Register online for CPR & resuscitation training designed for the community. Connected Care for Families A family education program providing teaching support for family caregivers preparing to go home. Kids Science This outreach program educates and inspires youth with interactive science experiences and programs. School at SickKids Board-certified teachers provide one-on-one teaching at the patient’s bedside. Epilepsy Classroom A brain-based program that provides special education and social-emotional support for children living with epilepsy. Continuing Professional Development Ongoing education and learning are essential to understanding new challenges in child health and finding novel treatments for them. Continuing Professional Development Go back up Ongoing education and learning are essential to understanding new challenges in child health and finding novel treatments for them. Advanced Cardiology Education (ACE) Program Learn specialized paediatric cardiac acute care clinical skills. CIRCLES: Circumcision Learning Experience Using Simulation Workshop Simulation-based training and education on the neonatal circumcision procedure. Connected Care for Home Care Providers Find paediatric education and workshops for family and community caregivers. CPR & Resuscitation Training for Providers Basic and advanced life support training for SickKids staff, families and community members. International Education Services Comprehensive programs that support clinical and non-clinical staff to enhance the delivery of paediatric care across a variety of settings and practice areas. LITE Training Opportunities Discover Learning Institute teaching and education training opportunities. Mental Health Training Virtual learning opportunities for professionals to advance best practices in mental health care. Nurse Visitor Program For provincial and national nursing professionals interested in our practice. Paediatric Project ECHO Specialty paediatric knowledge and a community of practice for community-based health-care providers. Pain Assessment in Infants Learn about the Premature Infant Pain Profile-Revised (PIPP-R) assessment tool for clinicians. Project ECHO - Epilepsy Across the Lifespan Interdisciplinary teams across Ontario specializing in epilepsy care. Simulation Workshops High quality simulation-enhanced education for staff, students and academic trainees. Student Centre Providing unique training experiences that inspire learners and advance child health. Student Centre Go back up Providing unique training experiences that inspire learners and advance child health. Nursing Learners Learn about our various nursing placement programs. Health Discipline Learners We support health discipline learners across a range of specialties. Corporate Learners Learn how we support education and training for our corporate learners. Excellence in Clinical Teaching Award Teaching and supervision of a student or a trainee Excellence in Corporate Teaching Award Teaching and supervision of a students in corporate academic programs Support Services Learn about event space rentals, and library and archives services. Support Services Go back up Learn about event space rentals, and library and archives services. Conference Space Rentals Host your next meeting, event or conference in our Learning Concourse. Archives Find historical records that help preserve the history of the hospital and its staff. Library The Library provides access to health science research and resources for staff, families and visitors. Family Library Read and relax in our Family Centre library. Empower Reading & Learning Evidence-based comprehensive reading intervention school programs for struggling readers. Education Research Education evaluation, research and scholarship. International Education Paediatric specialty education and training services that are customized to learners’ specific needs. Peer Support & Trauma Response Program Consultation and training in mental health and peer support programming. Learning Institute Annual Report 2024-2025 Discover how SickKids’ Learning Institute is transforming paediatric education through precision learning, simulation innovation, and global partnerships, as showcased in its 2024–2025 Annual Report. Careers & Volunteer Careers & Volunteer Volunteer your time or take your career to the next level at SickKids. Careers Apply now to join our team. Nursing Career Opportunities Learn about the SickKids nursing team and our approach to care. Our Hiring Process What to expect through the hiring process. Why Work at SickKids We're dedicated to fostering a positive work experience. Workplace Inclusion We are committed to championing equity, diversity and inclusion. Volunteering Discover rewarding volunteer opportunities for students, adults and families. Volunteering Go back up Discover rewarding volunteer opportunities for students, adults and families. Volunteer Opportunities View volunteer programs available for high school, post-secondary, research and adult volunteers. Why Volunteer With Us Being a SickKids volunteer is a unique and fulfilling experience. Becoming a Volunteer Learn about the volunteer application process. Women's Auxiliary Volunteers WAV is a registered charity supporting SickKids' clinical, research and learning programs. SEARCH SEARCH facilitates patient-specific research efforts in the Emergency Department. Lived Experience Network A group of advisors who contribute their time, energy and lived experience to improve the design of care, research and education. Search Search About Directory Contact Network AboutKidsHealth Support SickKids Support SickKids Your donation makes a difference. Donating to SickKids Become a monthly donor Give to SickKids this Holiday Season MyChart Patient Portal How can we help you today? How can we help you today? Search Submit search Please enter a search term before submitting. MyChart Patient Portal Virtual Urgent Care Find out if your concern needs an emergency department or primary care visit or if you are eligible for a virtual urgent care visit. Use our symptom checker Safety & Infection Prevention Everyone should self-screen for symptoms before coming to SickKids. Read the list of symptoms and other tips to prevent infections from spreading. Learn more about infection prevention Coming to SickKids Before an appointment, familiarize yourself with our general guidelines for all clinical appointments. Learn about coming to SickKids News & Stories December 29, 2025 Low-dose peanut therapy may help protect more kids with peanut allergy New research finds a significantly lower dose of peanut oral immunotherapy may provide similar protection from accidental contamination, compared to standard treatment. December 23, 2025 Two SickKids nurses, one Christmas Eve, and a 22-year-old secret revealed As SickKids closes its 150th year, a heartwarming full-circle moment in the NICU reminds us that our story isn’t only written in milestones, but in the human moments that echo across generations. December 22, 2025 Earliest delivery of gene therapy in Canada changes future for baby David An infant diagnosed in utero with Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) received gene therapy four days after birth, thanks to coordinated effort between SickKids and Mount Sinai Hospital. View all News & Stories Give this Holiday Season Donate to make an impact and have your gift matched! Donate now Get to know us About SickKids Staying Overnight News & Stories Directory MyChart Get in touch Phone : 416-813-1500 Contact Us Refer a Patient Volunteer | C areer s Media Relations For staff MyPortal Staff Links Connect with us SickKids on Instagram SickKids on Facebook SickKids on X SickKids on YouTube SickKids on LinkedIn SickKids operates on the traditional land of the Huron-Wendat and Petun First Nations, the Seneca, and the Mississaugas of the Credit River. Copyright © 2025 The Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids). All rights reserved. Accessibility | Privacy | Terms of Use | Sitemap Back to Top