Digital Fraud Prevention & Risk-Based Authentication | Sift Skip to main content Skip to footer NEW REPORT: THE RISING IMPACT OF CHARGEBACKS AND CONSUMER DISPUTES Why Sift Why Sift? The Sift Difference Partners Sifters Community What's New Featured case study Solutions Solutions by Use Case Account Creation Account Takeover New Features Money Movement Chargeback Fraud Payment Fraud Policy Abuse Content Scams Solutions by Industry Digital Commerce Internet & Software Finance & Fintech Online Gambling Travel & Transportation Food & Delivery Solutions by Role Fraud & Compliance Product IT Operations Cyber Security CFO Solutions by Regulation PSD2 & SCA PSD3 & PSR Solutions by Regulation PSD2 & SCA PSD3 & PSR NEW SOLUTION Building internal risk models? Use the Sift Score API View all Solutions Professional Services Fibr Platform The AI-Powered Fraud Platform Securing  Digital Trust Explore the platform Products Payment Protection Account Defense Dispute Management Content Integrity Sift innovations Featured Innovations Product Updates Patents Latest Innovation Advanced Fraud Intelligence & Operational Excellence Read Now Resources RESOURCES All Resources Blog Customer Stories API Docs & Developer Tools For Fraud Professionals Fraud Intelligence Center Trust & Safety University Fraud Schemes Digital Trust Index Reports Fraud Industry Benchmarking Resource Company COMPANY About Us Events Newsroom Leadership Investors Brand Center Contact Us CAREERS open positions Demo Sift Demo Sift #1 in Fraud Prevention Stop Fraud Fast. Grow Revenue Faster. Discover how hundreds of global brands use Sift to secure the customer journey and create revenue from risk. See Customer Stories Protecting 700+ Global Brands Fuel Fearless Growth at Scale Winning fraud teams unlock more revenue  while cutting risk. Top-performing teams grow revenue faster with Sift’s award-winning fraud prevention platform. Powered by a global data network of ~1T annual events representing 700+ global brands, Sift instantly exposes threats like account takeover, payment fraud, and first-party abuse to deliver precise, split-second decisioning accuracy at scale. Industry leaders like Poshmark, Swan Bitcoin, Harry’s, and Patreon rely on Sift to protect customers, preserve millions of dollars in revenue, and turn fraud prevention into a measurable growth advantage. 1T+ Annual events 1.6B Authentic digital citizens $4.2M* *In median losses prevented annually per customer The Sift Difference Drive Growth Through Enhanced Customer Experiences Secure more transactions with pinpoint accuracy and dynamic friction, retaining loyal customers in real time. With Sift, we can offer a smooth, secure experience for our community, building trust without slowing down our growth. Mike Wilkins VP, Trust & Safety Stop Fraud and Build Trust in Milliseconds Safeguard revenue by preventing fraud with instant detection and risk decisioning at every stage of the digital user journey. When we started using Sift, Harry’s chargeback rate decreased by about 85%, which is great because it helps us continue to be a company that people can trust shopping with. Kaity Reagle Trust and Safety Senior Associate Stay Lean While Scaling Fraud Operations Leverage AI-powered automation and powerful rulesets to scale fraud prevention even with the most agile resources and teams. Sift couldn’t be easier to use, and the automation has helped me immensely as a team of one. Susannah Page-Katz Trust and Safety Manager Sift Named a Leader in the Forrester Wave™ for Digital Fraud Management read the report Sift Named a Leader in the QKS Group SPARK Matrix™ for eCommerce Fraud Prevention, Q4 2025 READ THE REPORT Deliver Trust  Across the Consumer Journey explore the sift platform Signup Login Account Activity Transaction Post-transaction What’s New at Sift view all resources Report The Rising Impact of Chargebacks and Consumer Disputes READ THE REPORT Report Account Takeovers in the Era of Agentic AI READ THE REPORT Report Navigating Digital Trust in the Age of AI READ THE REPORT Dare to grow differently. Stop fraud losses fast, create exceptional user experiences, and scale securely with Sift’s tried-and-trusted platform. see sift in action contact us Why Sift Market Leadership Professional Services Patents Community Partners Quick Links Why Sift Careers Platform Company FIBR Sitemap Support Contact support System status Trust & Safety University API Engineering blog You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see our Website Privacy Notice . Do Not Sell My Personal Information © Sift Science, Inc. All rights reserved. Sift and the Sift logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sift Science, Inc. Privacy & Terms