Sigma. Business Intelligence and Analytics Solution 00 DAYS 00 HRS 00 MIN 00 SEC WORKFLOW · SIGMA'S FIRST USER CONFERENCE · March 5 GET EARLY BIRD PRICING Product FEATURES Architecture Data modeling AI Python / SQL Write-back CAPABILITIES Spreadsheets Reporting Dashboards AI Applications Embedded Analytics Self-service Ask Sigma BY INDUSTRY Financial Services Healthcare Retail & CPG Manufacturing SIGMA IN ACTION Interactive demos Training videos Product Launch Data Apps Conference By Role Analyst Analytics Engineer Developer Finance Marketing Product Sales Supply Chain Integrations Customers Resources Read Blog Newsroom Documentation Resource Center QuickStarts Analyst reports White Papers eBooks Watch On-demand webinars Training videos Lightboard videos Case study videos Product Launch Engage Live events Virtual events In-person events Sigma Library Community More Company About us Sigma Trust Center Newsroom Careers Contact us Partners Program overview Technology partners Consulting partners Partner Integrations GET STARTED Request a demo Start your free trial Contact us COMPARISON Tableau Power BI Looker Support Get help Bug Bounty Sigma Status Search > Request a demo > Contact us > Login Try Sigma free AI Apps. Analytics. All together. Sigma unites teams, data, and work for instant insights and innovation. Read on Gartner® Read on G2 1,000,000+ Users Browse the community WATCH A DEMO (4:13) Join us at WORKFLOW, Sigma's first user conference Connect with peers, exchange ideas, and learn how to build AI apps in Sigma on March 5th in San Francisco. Get tickets > Build and Automate Pixel-Perfect Reports in Sigma VIRTUAL HANDS-ON LAB | JAN. 15 VIRTUAL HANDS-ON LAB | JAN. 15 Create polished, export-ready reports directly on live warehouse data with pixel-perfect reporting. Sign up > Optimizing Working Capital and Cash Flow in Manufacturing LIVE EVENT | JAN. 13 LIVE EVENT | JAN. 13 Forecast cash positions, optimize working capital, and automate AR/AP processes with Databricks and Sigma. Sign up > Use the best AI on the market Invoke the latest and greatest LLMs—hosted in your cloud data warehouse—to power Sigma’s AI Query for data enrichment, fuel Ask Sigma for discovery, and build AI-driven data apps. Our differentiated approach > Business Intelligence is just the beginning Empower everyone to explore, build, and act on data—in the way that works for them. Spreadsheets Work in an Excel‐style spreadsheet that reads and writes directly to your cloud data warehouse—no CSV exports, no stale data. EXPLORE OUR SPREADSHEET UI Dashboards Create beautiful dashboards with live warehouse data. Give users governed access to drill down, explore, and bookmark the views that matter most. Solve the dashboard dilemma Reports Produce highly formatted, interactive reports with live warehouse data. Personalize content with prompts and controls, and deliver filtered views to every stakeholder automatically with bursting. Upgrade your operational reports AI Applications Create custom low-code apps on live cloud data. Automate any spreadsheet-based workflow with action triggers, UI elements, user input, and writeback. Build a AI app Embedded Analytics Give your customers the best product experience. Ask Sigma, writeback, and custom views are available for embedded analytics. SEE EMBEDDED ANALYTICS EXAMPLES Ask Sigma AI Jump-start any analysis with Ask Sigma, the agentic AI analyst that actually shows its work. See Ask Sigma in action “Sigma has changed the way we are able to consume large amounts of data in IT and how business users can consume data without code.” VP, Data Engineering BANKING INDUSTRY READ THE FULL REVIEW MORE THAN BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE Unlock the full potential of your data with AI applications Go beyond dashboards. Build AI apps with writeback and multi-step workflow actions. Go-to-Market Operations View forecasts, analyze deals, and plan accurately with live insights. Financial Reporting Build and customize P&Ls, dashboards, and accelerate month-end reporting. Demand Planning Generate forecasts, automate workflows, and track approvals in one environment. Supply Chain Planning Visualize margins, forecast tariffs, and optimize suppliers using real-time data. Event Impact Tracking Unify internal and external data for improved event-driven decision making. Pipeline Forecasting Reduce costs while improving forecast accuracy and sales team productivity. Budget Variance Analysis Real-time budgeting, forecasting, and collaboration with automated variance tracking. Customer 360 Leverage AI-driven features for sentiment analysis and customer interactions. Shipment Management Month End Reporting Portfolio Management Commission Payments Headcount & Margin Planning Platform Cost Management Rent or Buy Calculator Hiring Management Insurance Commissions Project Management Dynamic Pricing Energy Load Distribution Territory Management Pipeline Management Retail Footprint Planning Tariff Scenario Planning Sales Operations Planning CRM Compensation Planning GTM Planning Candidate Hiring Reviews Franchise Data Collection Talent Evaluation Retail Customer 360 Budget Variance Analysis Metric Process Contract Management Equipment Effectiveness Asset Management Pipeline Forecasting Profitability Analysis Supply Chain Inventory Analysis Explore more AI Apps > Business Intelligence is just the beginning Empower your entire organization with many ways to work with data 01. Spreadsheets Spreadsheets Work in an Excel‐style spreadsheet that reads and writes directly to your cloud data warehouse—no CSV exports, no stale data. Explore our spreadsheet UI 02. Ask SIGMA Ask Sigma Jump-start any analysis with Ask Sigma, the agentic AI analyst that actually shows its work. See Ask Sigma in action 03. Dashboards Dashboards Create beautiful dashboards with live warehouse data. Give users governed access to drill down, explore, and bookmark the views that matter most. Solve the dashboard dilemma 04. Reports Reports Produce highly formatted, interactive reports with live warehouse data. Personalize content with prompts and controls, and deliver filtered views to every stakeholder automatically with bursting. Upgrade your operational reports 05. DATA Apps Data Apps Create custom low-code apps on live cloud data. Automate any spreadsheet-based workflow with action triggers, UI elements, user input, and writeback. Build a data app 06. Embedded Analytics Embedded Analytics Give your customers the best product experience. Ask Sigma, writeback, and custom views are available for embedded analytics. See embedded analytics examples Work with data in ways you never could before Why choose Sigma POWERED BY YOUR WAREHOUSE / SELF-SERVICE ACCESSIBILITY / AI & WORKFLOWS Leverage the power of the warehouse Sigma queries your warehouse directly and inherits the speed, scale, and power of the cloud. Platform architecture > Security Data never leaves your warehouse so your insights stay safe, compliant, and under your full control. Plus, Sigma inherits the existing security and governance of your CDW. Performance Sigma uses its proprietary query engine—Alpha Query—and the full power of your cloud data warehouse to deliver insights from trillions of records in real time. Innovation Anything you can do in your warehouse, you can leverage in Sigma. That includes working with the latest AI models and CDW innovations. Meet every person at their skillset You don’t have to learn a new skill to use Sigma. You just have to choose the one you like best. True self-service > Ease of use without sacrificing governance Spreadsheets? SQL? Python? AI? No matter how you prefer to work with data, Sigma has a solution. There are no barriers to entry and cross-team collaboration in Sigma. “It’s so intuitive to use that it really solves the ‘Self-Service Analytics’ need of a company.” Christian C. ANALYTICS LEAD READ THE FULL REVIEW Automate every workflow. Integrate all your tools. Turn data into impact. Build for the future with AI-powered Applications Build with AI in Sigma > Writeback, Workflows, and AI Replace manual workflows and unlock new capabilities with your data. With a simple SQL function, you can invoke the AI models in your warehouse and use them to build AI apps in Sigma. “The platform is a powerhouse of current value with a product roadmap designed to achieve the analytics capabilities of tomorrow.” VP, Head of Data and Insights 250-500MM Software Company READ THE FULL REVIEW There’s always something new at Sigma We’re redefining what analytics and business intelligence can do. Check out Sigma’s latest innovations in AI apps, embedded analytics, and operational reporting. ALPHA QUERY LIVE CHAT BOOKMARKS SPREADSHEET UI LIVE EDIT PIVOT TABLES ACTIONS INPUT TABLES DATA MODELS SEE OUR INNOVATIONS > FORMS ASK SIGMA AI BUILDER TOP SECRET PROJECT AI QUERY FORMULA ASSISTANT BURSTING FILE COLUMN TYPE SQL “Sigma is a remarkable tool that empowers business users, encourages responsible data governance, and supports data-driven decision making through business process automation.” Compliance Manager Manufacturing Company, 30B+ USD READ THE FULL REVIEW Don’t just take our word for it Teams of all sizes, industries, and use cases love and trust Sigma. Scaling analytics for 30,000 users DoorDash democratized data access across their organization, while maintaining constant data infrastructure costs. The amount of collaboration with Sigma has been really refreshing, and it’s something that we brag about to other vendors. LEARN MORE “Sigma is the most intuitive and flexible BI tool I've worked with.” Allyson M. PRODUCT ANALYST Read THE FULL REVIEW “Sigma provides an interface for our company to utilize our sophisticated semantics layer. It's an excel-like interface that turns our non-technical users into data analysts.” Dean D. Manager, Data Analytics & Engineering Read THE FULL REVIEW Democratizing billion-row analytics Blackstone empowers 700+ finance professionals to analyze billion-row datasets using a familiar spreadsheet interface without any coding expertise. LEARN MORE Accelerating cancer care analytics Florida Cancer Specialists reduced critical medication inventory processes from 2 hours to 2 minutes, while managing 100M+ monthly healthcare data transactions securely. LEARN MORE Optimizing retail strategy for efficiency Veronica Beard achieved 25% higher email ROI and 20% lower customer acquisition costs by enabling marketing teams with self-service customer analytics. LEARN MORE “There is nothing out there like Sigma when it comes to the ease of connecting to data sources, the ability to quickly generate fully functional dashboards in a fraction of the time it takes with other tools.” VERIFIED G2 REVIEW READ THE FULL REVIEW Stop chasing data. Start driving impact. The Sigma Enterprise Intelligence Platform Accelerate Insights Modernize your data stack to accelerate time to insights and reduce total cost of ownership. Improve Performance Equip business users with live, trusted data to eliminate decision-making silos and achieve better outcomes. Drive Innovation Build a data-first approach to shape new business models and automate workflows. Sigma Delivers 321% ROI over 3 years With 10 hours saved per data analyst every week. Read the report > Get a Sigma demo > Start a free trial > × Jump to: AI with Ask Sigma 00:00 Analytics 0:32 AI Apps 3:03 Data Apps 3:22 See Watch on-DEMAND DEMOS Experience ATTEND AN EVENT Try Sigma Get a free trial Explore INTERACTIVE DEMOS Connect JOIN THE COMMUNITY Meet SCHEDULE A CALL AI Apps. Analytics. FEATURES Architecture Popular Data modeling AI Python / SQL Popular Write-back capabilities Spreadsheets Exploration New Reports New Dashboards AI Applications Embedded Analytics Self-service Ask Sigma BY INDUSTRY Financial Services Healthcare Retail & CPG Manufacturing SIGMA IN ACTION Interactive Demos Training videos Product Launch Data Apps Conference by role Analyst Analytics Engineer Finance Marketing Product Sales Supply Chain integrations Snowflake Databricks AWS Azure Google Cloud CONTACT Contact us Request a demo Popular Try Sigma free Get support RESOURCES Blog Documentation eBooks White Papers Analyst reports Lightboard videos Learning Center Resource Center Events Live events On-demand webinars Snowflake Summit Databricks Summit Data Monetization Community events LEGAL Subprocessors Trademarks Patents SUPPORT Get support Community Product FAQs QuickStarts Documentation Bug Bounty Sigma Status COMPANY About us Newsroom Security Center Customers Why Sigma? Popular Comparison Careers PARTNERS Program overview Technology partners Consulting partners Partner Integrations © 2025 Sigma Computing Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Website Terms of Service Site Index Cookie Preferences As of September 25, 2025, based on 172 reviews in the Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms category. Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.