Signifyd | Fraud Protection & Prevention for Ecommerce retailers Skip to content Solutions Industries Pricing Customers Partners Resources Company Pricing Login Contact us Solutions for merchants Fearless Conversions Commerce Protection Platform overview The complete commerce protection solution, designed for merchants Account Protection Defend customer accounts, inspire customer loyalty Auth Rate Optimization Influence bank auth rates with enhanced data Guaranteed Fraud Protection Trust customers, grow fearlessly Complete Chargeback Protection Total freedom from chargebacks Chargeback Recovery Take charge of your chargebacks Return Abuse Prevention Encourage return shoppers, not return abuse Return Insights Actionable intelligence to reduce turns and protect revenue Instant Refunds Deliver instant, risk-free refunds that drive loyalty and revenue for payments providers Fearless Payments Payments Optimization Platform overview A powerful conversion amplifier, designed for payment providers Industries Fashion Electronics Home Goods Sporting Goods Grocery Auto Airline Quick Service Restaurants Customers Case studies FLOW community Partners Platforms Developer & system integrations Financial Institutions Become a partner Resources Resource library Pulse Data Hub Blog Events Spark Company About us Careers Life at Signifyd Newsroom Pricing Login Contact us For merchants Fearless Conversions For payment providers Fearless Payments Commerce Protection Platform overview The complete solution,
    designed for merchants Account Protection Defend customer accounts, inspire customer loyalty Auth Rate Optimization Influence bank auth rates with enhanced data Guaranteed Fraud Protection Approve more transactions, guarantee fraud protection and grow revenue with less risk Complete Chargeback Protection Total freedom from chargebacks Chargeback Recovery Take charge of your chargebacks Return Insights Actionable intelligence to reduce returns and protect revenue Instant Refunds Deliver instant, risk-free refunds that drive loyalty and revenue Payments Optimization Platform overview A powerful conversion amplifier, designed for payment providers Vertical solutions Fashion Electronics Home Goods Beauty & Cosmetics Quick Service Restaurants Sporting Goods Grocery Auto Airline Vendor Evaluation The Commerce Protection Buyer’s Guide Get the guide › Our customer community Case studies Customer reviews FLOW community CASE STUDY How Philips improved cost savings and customer satisfaction Read the story › Our partners Platforms Developers & Systems Financial Institutions Become a partner Better Together: Shopify + Signifyd Shopify gets you sales. Signifyd guarantees you keep them. Learn more › Signifyd Spark Summer 2025 Release See what's new › JUST RELEASED! The State of Fraud and Returns 2025 Read more › Your knowledge base Resource library Pulse Data Hub Blog Events Spark ON THE BLOG Fast Co names Signifyd as one of its “Most Innovative Companies” Read more › Analyst Report Signifyd named the #1 payment security/fraud prevention solution for five years in a row! One-click access › About Signifyd About us Careers Life at Signifyd Newsroom Stop fraud. Boost sales. Grow lifetime value. Signifyd helps your ecommerce business grow by preventing fraud, increasing conversion and establishing trust that turns into customer loyalty. Watch a Demo Get started See our customers See our customers More Sales. More Demand. More Risk. Stay ahead of the holiday surge with real-time insights from our Holiday Data Tracker. See the tracker It’s clear something big is happening in ecommerce Less clear is how big — and how fast — agentic commerce will change the way merchants sell and shoppers buy. Learn what history tells us and what the experts have to say. Read the full report JUST RELEASED! The state of Fraud and returns 2025 Discover the critical ecommerce fraud trends shaping 2025, from the surge in returns and card testing attacks to the industrialization of fraud and the impact of agentic commerce. READ THE FULL REPORT Outsmart holiday abuse before it hits Protect your margins this holiday season! See how Signifyd helps retailers prevent abuse in real time without slowing good customers down. Watch demo The Signifyd Spark Summer Release Signifyd Spark gives you a first look at our latest technology, showcasing advancements designed to empower your business. Let Spark light the way to smarter, more secure commerce. Learn More Featured topics Peak shopping season is here! Check out the latest data with our Holiday data tracker Check out the latest in US ecommerce performance and fraud trends as it happens this holiday season with Signifyd Holiday tracker. Look at overall ecommerce data or drill into verticals to benchmark your performance this year. VIEW THE DATA Holiday boom or bust: First‑party abuse During the most recent Crimes & Cocktails webinar session, Signifyd’s Chief Customer Officer and Senior Manager of Risk Intelligence explored top consumer abuse trends ahead of the holidays, including promo abuse, unauthorized resellers and returns. WATCH NOW Fraud stifles ecommerce growth. Manage it better with Signifyd. 9 % Increase in conversion 100 % Order automation $ 0 In fraud losses Protecting customer experience from false declines Signifyd’s instant recognition of legitimate customers allows Hot Topic to approve more good orders and automate fulfillment for their best customers — backed by a 100% financial guarantee. Read Customer Story Continuous protection across the entire shopper journey Fulfillment Return Dispute Promotion Application Account Login Checkout Refund Account Protection Auth Rate Optimization Guaranteed Fraud Protection Complete Chargeback Recovery Return Abuse Prevention Chargeback Recovery PLATFORM OVERVIEW Why Signifyd? Signifyd delivers accuracy, speed and control — with the transparency needed to empower fearless commerce. 1 Unrivaled performance Scale, speed and a dedication to conversion optimization deliver enterprise-grade performance you can trust. How to evaluate performance 2 Complete control Our platform is built to give you ultimate control over protection — because no one knows your business like you do. 3 Transparency into decisions Machine learning shouldn’t leave you in the dark. We provide the data needed to understand decisions and stay attuned to business performance. Quantifying transparenc y 4 Quickest time to value Fraud doesn’t wait — and neither does Signifyd. Our models are designed to give you the fastest return on investment. Understanding time‑to‑value Our latest insights and reports View all resources Signifyd is the #1 choice for enterprise ecommerce retailers For the fifth year in a row, Signifyd is the number one ecommerce protection platform in the Digital Commerce 360 Leading Vendors to the Top 1000 Retailers report. Get complimentary access to the report to discover why Signifyd is the preferred ecommerce solution provider. One-click access What’s ahead for commerce in 2025? Retail is evolving fast, shaped by economic shifts, changing consumer expectations and new policy challenges. Read the report Signifyd is the #1 choice for enterprise ecommerce retailers Discover the critical ecommerce fraud trends shaping 2025, from the surge in returns and card testing attacks to the industrialization of fraud and the impact of agentic commerce. Read the full report Tariff resource center Shield your margins with our merchant guide to navigating 2025 tariff impacts. Learn more Protect, trust and grow with Signifyd Contact Us Homepage - Spotlight 2024 & FLOW 2025... USEFUL LINKS Console status Resources Pricing About Fraud 101 Partner program Careers Customers Contact us API docs Security & compliance Terms Acceptable use Privacy California privacy notice Data Subject Access Request form Vendor ethics Modern slavery Cookie settings CUSTOMER REVIEWS G2 is a peer-to-peer, business solutions review platform. Their analysis placed Signifyd above all competitors, ranking it first in market presence and naming it a market leader. FOLLOW US RSS NEW & INFORMATION Stay in the know Subscribe to get updates on the state of fraud and commerce in your industry. Note: Turn on Javascript Thanks! You are subscribed to the Signifyd mailing list. © 2025 Signifyd