Signal >> Home Get Signal Help Blog Developers Careers Donate English Select your language Afrikaans العربية Azərbaycanca Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Български বাংলা Bosanski Català Česky Dansk Deutsch ελληνικά English Español Eesti Euskera فارسی Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego ગુજરાતી עִבְרִית हिन्दी Hrvatski Italiano ქართული Қазақша Кыргызча ಕನ್ನಡ ខ្មែរ 한국어 Lietuviškai Latviešu Magyar Македонски മലയാളം मराठी မြန်မာ 日本語 Norsk Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Română Pусский Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Српски Suomi Svenska Kiswahili தமிழ் తెలుగు Українська اردو ئۇيغۇرچە ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Türkçe 廣東話 (香港) 简体中文 繁體中文 Speak Freely Say "hello" to a different messaging experience. An unexpected focus on privacy, combined with all of the features you expect. Get Signal Why use Signal? Explore below to see why Signal is a simple, powerful, and secure messenger Share Without Insecurity State-of-the-art end-to-end encryption (powered by the open source Signal Protocol) keeps your conversations secure. We can't read your messages or listen to your calls, and no one else can either. Privacy isn’t an optional mode — it’s just the way that Signal works. Every message, every call, every time. Say Anything Share text, voice messages, photos, videos, GIFs and files for free. Signal uses your phone's data connection so you can avoid SMS and MMS fees. Speak Freely Make crystal-clear voice and video calls to people who live across town, or across the ocean, with no long-distance charges. Make Privacy Stick Add a new layer of expression to your conversations with encrypted stickers. You can also create and share your own sticker packs. Get Together with Groups Group chats make it easy to stay connected to your family, friends, and coworkers. No ads. No trackers. No kidding. There are no ads, no affiliate marketers, and no creepy tracking in Signal. So focus on sharing the moments that matter with the people who matter to you. Free for Everyone Signal is an independent nonprofit. We're not tied to any major tech companies, and we can never be acquired by one either. Development is supported by grants and donations from people like you. Donate to Signal © 2013–2025 Signal, a 501c3 nonprofit. "Signal", Signal logos, and other trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Signal Technology Foundation in the United States and other countries ( more info here ). For media inquiries, contact [email protected] Organization Donate Careers Blog Brand Assets Terms & Privacy Policy Download Android iPhone & iPad Windows Mac Linux Social Bluesky GitHub Instagram Mastodon X Help Support Center Community © 2013–2025 Signal, a 501c3 nonprofit. "Signal", Signal logos, and other trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Signal Technology Foundation in the United States and other countries ( more info here ). For media inquiries, contact [email protected]