Identity solutions for a trusted digital world - Signicat Skip to main content Menu Products ↓ Identity Proofing Verify identities of people and organisations using trusted sources Trust Orchestration Automate and optimise compliant identity and risk workflows Authentication Log in users securely and manage access rights Electronic Signing Get documents signed remotely and manage evidence eID & Wallet Hub Authenticate users securely with eIDs and wallets ID Document and Biometric Verification Document authenticity, facial likeness and liveness check ReuseID Verify and own user identities Data Verification Person and organisation data validation Ongoing Monitoring Monitor identity data changes InstantKYC Know Your Customer (KYC) workflows, automated! InstantKYB Know Your Business (KYB) workflows, automated! More info about Identity Proofing Signicat Mint No-code builder for compliant end-user journeys RiskFlow Orchestration Optimized workflows for anti-fraud, KYC/KYB and AML-compliance Digital Evidence Management Evidence of consents and transactions More info about Trust Orchestration eID & Wallet Hub Authenticate users securely with eIDs and wallets MobileID Secure user authentication with mobile app ReuseID Verify and own user identities Passkeys Passwordless authentication for your customers Open Banking Hub Smoother onboarding with secure data sharing More info about Authentication Electronic Signature API Seamless electronic signature integration Electronic Signature Portal (Dokobit) Portal and mobile app for electronic signatures Digital Evidence Management Evidence of consents and transactions More info about Electronic Signing Close Solutions ↓ Industries Banking Insurance Mobility Gaming Payments and mobile wallets Use Cases Fraud prevention Digital onboarding EBA compliance KYC/KYB EUDI Wallet Customers See all Customer Stories Global Professional Services Discover Signicat's bespoke identity solutions for complex, multi-country compliance challenges.● Custom identity and... → Close Pricing Resources ↓ The Signicat Blog Signicat Demos Customers Events Press releases All resources Close Developers ↓ Documentation ID methods Status Set up free API test account Developer Dashboard Close Contact sales Sign in Boost efficiency with digital identity Onboard customers, sign agreements, manage user logins and automate identity workflows – all while fighting fraud and staying compliant across multiple markets. Contact Sales Create a free account Over 20,000 companies globally trust Signicat’s digital identity solutions. Read customer stories AMLR is coming in 2027: Are your onboarding journeys ready? Explore AMLR readiness Signicat products The world's most extensive identity platform – one access point Meet local requirements today and scale for tomorrow’s cross-border growth with an identity platform that covers the entire customer lifecycle. From compliant onboarding and secure login to electronic signing and orchestration – we've got you covered. Discover Signicat Products Identity Proofing Verify identities of people and organisations Open the floodgates for the right customers (and keep the fraudsters out) by doing identity checks automatically, in real-time, as part of KYC/KYB and AML-compliant digital onboarding. eID & Wallet Hub ID Document and Biometric Verification ReuseID Data Verification Get started with Identity Proofing Authentication Log in users securely and manage access rights An easy, secure login is the key to a smooth customer journey. Get multi-factor login with electronic IDs, EU Digital Identity Wallets, biometric scanning, SMS/email OTP and in-app solutions. eID & Wallet Hub MobileID ReuseID Get started with Authentication Electronic Signing Get documents signed remotely and manage evidence Start e-signing today with our self-service portal and app, or integrate signatures in your existing business processes through our robust APIs and audit service solution. Electronic Signature API Dokobit Portal by Signicat Digital Evidence Management Get started with Electronic Signing Trust Orchestration Automate and optimise compliant identity and risk workflows Orchestrate, build, visualise and automate business flows for risk management, KYC/KYB and AML-compliant onboarding, secure authentication and electronic signing. Signicat Mint RiskFlow Orchestration Digital Evidence Management Get started with Trust Orchestration World's largest identity platform Over 240 identity methods. One platform. Signicat supports 240+ data sources to identify businesses and individuals – from national eIDs, EU Digital Identity Wallets, ID-document scanning and biometric verification to data sources for AML, KYC checks and more. Browse all identity methods See documentation {
	"allowedProviders": [
		"nbid", "sbid"
	],
	"flow": "redirect",
	"requestedAttributes": [
		"firstName",
		"lastName",
		"dateOfBirth",
		"nin"
	],
	"callbackUrls": {
		"success": "https:/example.com/?status=success",
		"abort": "https://example.com/?status=abort",
		"error": "https://example.com/?status=error"
	}
} APIs overview Designed for developers Build digital identity solutions with developer-friendly APIs Integrating with Signicat gives you access to a platform of European ID methods through a single point of integration. You can integrate in three ways: either by using the OpenID Connect (OIDC) standard, SAML 2.0 or our REST API. ● Documentation overview ● Setup instructions ● ID methods Create a free test account Next-generation digital identity Enable access to all EU Digital Identity Wallets Offer secure wallet-based logins and signatures, verify age and identity directly from wallets and issue verified credentials to wallets across Europe. Connect to national eIDs and all EU Digital Identity Wallets through a single API, so you are ready when the wallets are. Learn more Electronic signing made easy Manage signatures from anywhere with the world's most efficient app Quickly and securely sign legally binding documents in the EU with Dokobit by Signicat. Easy-to-use features and full compliance make paperless document signing simple. 3 free signatures per month View paid plans Learn more Orchestration solutions No-code automation of compliant end user journeys Design, build and deploy automated business flows by combining Signicat's modular identity components – from ready-to-use templates and drag-and-drop solutions to fully tailored workflows supported by our Professional Services team. Learn more Contact Sales Get more insights Fraud report Identity Fraud Report: The Battle in the Dark The Battle in the Dark Report 2025, created by Signicat and cybersecurity expert Lisa Forte , reveals a stark gap between business confidence and actual fraud readiness. Drawing on insights from 900 fraud decision-makers across Europe, the report exposes overlooked threats, revenue loss, and outdated defences—making a clear case for urgent action to prevent identity fraud and strengthen identity fraud protection. Download The Battle in the Dark Report 2025 Read more about Identity Fraud Report: The Battle in the Dark Read more Report The State of Digital Identity in the Nordics 2024 Orchestration eBook Orchestration eBook Forrester Total Economic Impact Study Forrester Total Economic Impact Study Blog Building trust into every signature Ready to get started? Browse Signicat products, or create a free test account and start building immediately. Need help? Contact sales to design a tailored package to fit your requirements. Create a free account Contact Sales Signicat delivers the highest levels of security and compliance. Security and Compliance Centre Choose language Nederlands Deutsch Español Français Português English Norsk Svenska Dansk Suomi Íslenska About Signicat Careers Signicat Partner Program Cookies and privacy policy Security & Compliance Press releases Accessibility statement Vulnerability Disclosure Program Contact sales Contact support Contact offices Work email * Consent * I have read and accepted Signicat's privacy policy Subscribe