Real-time ASP.NET with SignalR | .NET ic_fluent_brand_facebook_48_mono Created with Sketch. image/svg+xml Twitch image/svg+xml image/svg+xml Skip to main content Microsoft .NET .NET .NET Home Why .NET What is .NET? Why choose .NET? Who uses .NET? Features Web Web ASP.NET Core Web APIs Blazor MVC SignalR Microservices Native Desktop & Mobile Native Desktop & Mobile .NET Multi-platform App UI Windows Forms Windows Presentation Foundation Languages Languages C# F# Visual Basic More More Cloud Data Artificial Intelligence & ML Game development Internet of Things Upgrade Assistant Learn Docs Web Web ASP.NET Core Web APIs Blazor Razor Pages MVC SignalR Native Desktop & Mobile Native Desktop & Mobile .NET Multi-platform App UI Windows Forms Windows Presentation Foundation Languages Languages C# F# Visual Basic More More .NET Cloud Data Internet of Things Machine learning Downloads Community More LIVE TV All Microsoft Global Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Windows 365 Tech & innovation Tech & innovation AI Azure Space Mixed reality Microsoft HoloLens Microsoft Viva Quantum computing Sustainability Industries Industries Education Automotive Financial services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Retail All industries Partners Partners Find a partner Become a partner Partner Network Microsoft Marketplace Marketplace Rewards Software development companies Resources Resources Blog Microsoft Advertising Developer Center Documentation Events Licensing Microsoft Learn Microsoft Research View Sitemap Search Search or ask a question No results Cancel Home ASP.NET SignalR Missed .NET Conf 2025? Catch up on all of the fun and educational .NET sessions, with our on-demand videos. Watch videos × Real-time ASP.NET with SignalR Incredibly simple real-time web for ASP.NET Get started Read docs Supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux Bring your ASP.NET apps to life with SignalR Today's modern apps are expected to deliver up-to-date information without hitting a refresh button. Add real-time functionality to your dashboards, maps, games and more. What is real-time functionality? It's the ability to have your server-side code push content to connected clients as it happens, in real-time. Part of the ASP.NET Framework SignalR hubs can be written in C# code and added to your ASP.NET app, alongside your pages and APIs. The simple programming model integrates seamlessly with other ASP.NET features like dependency injection, authentication, authorization, and scalability. What can you do with ASP.NET and SignalR? While chat is often used as an example, you can do a whole lot more. Any time a user refreshes a web page to see new data, or the page implements Ajax long polling to retrieve new data, it's a candidate for using SignalR. SignalR also enables completely new types of applications that require high-frequency updates from the server, such as real-time gaming. Open source, open protocol SignalR is open-source on GitHub, just like the rest of .NET. In addition to the source code, the protocol specification for communication between hubs and clients is open too. SignalR on GitHub Connect from everywhere With client SDKs for JavaScript, .NET (C#, F#, and Visual Basic), Java, and Swift, you can connect to your SignalR hub and start receiving real-time messages on almost any platform including web, mobile, desktop, and games. SignalR will use WebSockets when it's available, and gracefully falls back on other technologies when it isn't, while your application code stays the same. SignalR is fast and scalable Like the rest of ASP.NET, SignalR was built for high performance and is one of the fastest real-time frameworks around. Scale out across servers with built-in support for using Redis, SQL Server, or Azure Service Bus to coordinate messages between each instance. Azure SignalR service You can host the SignalR app yourself or use Azure SignalR Service for a fully managed platform. Azure SignalR Service handles concerns like performance, scalability, and availability and has a 99.9% service-level agreement. Learn about Azure SignalR Service Ready to get started? Our step-by-step tutorial will help you get ASP.NET with SignalR running on your computer. Get started Follow us Feedback English (United States) Español Français (France) Indonesia (Indonesia) Italiano (Italia) 日本語 한국어 Português (Brasil) Русский (Россия) 中文（简体） 中文（台灣） Dark mode Off Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Powered by .NET 10.0.1 Contact Microsoft Support Privacy & Cookies Manage cookies Terms of Use Trademarks © Microsoft 2025