Visitor Management and Staff Sign In | Sign In App ☰ Solutions Visitor management Automate guest sign-in with instant notifications, badge printing, and real-time visitor tracking. Desk and meeting room booking Give your team the tools to quickly find and book the spaces they need, when they need them. Appointment scheduling Secure and scalable tools for booking appointments, interviews, and meetings with ease. Employee sign in Make it easy for staff and contractors to sign in on-site, remote, or on the go. Time and attendance tracking Flexible time tracking that adapts to your team’s schedule and working style. Security and compliance Maintain reliable, centralized records with streamlined checks, compliance tracking, and risk management tools. Features Sign In App Tap Multiple sites ID badges Data privacy ID scan & safety check Companion App Evacuations Pre-registrations Events Integrations Explore all features Pricing Plans and pricing Compare stands Buy now Industries Education Nursing and residential care Transport and logistics Enterprise Resources Blog Customer case studies Partners Data security The team Careers Contact us The smart and safe way to sign in Flexible tools, built for the modern workplace. Trusted by small teams, growing organizations, and global enterprises. Prefer to talk to someone first? Request a demo. What's new in Sign In App? Companion Assistant Meet Companion Assistant, where AI doesn't just automate tasks - it reshapes your entire day. Simply type your request and it anticipates your needs, smooths out friction, and connects you effortlessly. See more ID scan & safety check Automatically populate sign in fields with ID scanning. When a visitor signs in on the iPad they will be prompted to present their ID to the camera at the point of sign in and Sign In App will then auto-fill their details. See more Exciting updates coming soon We're delivering our most ambitious transformation yet. A brand new portal experience - your new command center. Android kiosks, smarter visitor experiences, and multi-site control that updates once and works everywhere. See more The best first impression... Sign In App is a modern, enjoyable way to sign in visitors and staff, and book desks & meeting rooms. From smartphone contactless sign in to RFID and QR code scanning, choose the sign in option that works best for your organisation. Join the millions signing in with Sign In App each year. "After signing up for the trial and testing what and how Sign In App could be incorporated at our facilities we quickly realized that there were many more benefits than simply tracking and reporting. The team has been fantastic; they are quick to respond to enquiries and bring forward enhancements." – Cargill, Incorporated Introducing Sign In App Total control of your data Hassle free experience Staff sign in Total control of your data Having total control of your data is more important than ever. Personal, identifiable data is inevitably captured during any sign in process. Sign In App helps you balance holding critical information in the interests of safety and reporting, while respecting and maintaining the privacy of your guests. Comply with regulations Control the data you collect Show your privacy policy Privacy options Hassle free experience Sign In App is designed to be a hassle free experience from the start. We like to keep things simple, so every feature is yours as part of your site subscription with no limits to the number of visitors, staff, devices or sign ins you can have. Regular monthly updates are included, so you never miss out on new features. Packed with features Easy to set up Continually developing Fully customizable Staff sign in Why should visitors have all the fun? With Sign In App your staff and HR/Finance departments can benefit too. Included in your subscription is a staff sign in solution helping you to easily see who is on site in the event of an emergency. You can also record hours, opening up flexible working options, and empower your staff with our free companion app. Staff sign in Fast and simple Monitor staff hours Central staff list Simple pricing, no hidden costs We know hidden costs can be a pain, so we're always transparent with our pricing, and there are no limits to the number of staff, visitors, or iPads you can connect to a site. It’s simple: one subscription for each site you have, and you can pay by invoice or credit card. For more information, check out our frequently asked questions. Continually developing Sign In App was designed first and foremost to enhance the visitor experience and improve fire safety. We employ our own developers, designers, and global support team all in-house. We aim to build software that’s a joy to use, delivers great value for money, and continually evolves with new features and functionality. Explore Sign In App Take a tour and see how Sign In App can help your organization streamline visitor management. Take a tour Proud to be seen in... 9/16/2025 What's new in Sign In App? Read more 5/1/2025 The hype, the reality and the future of AI in the workplace Read more 10/21/2025 Building the next generation of visitor management Read more Try the world’s fastest growing visitor management app free for 15 days. Get started in only 5 minutes Solutions Visitor management Employee sign in Desk & meeting room booking Advanced meeting management Time & attendance tracking Appointment scheduling Security & compliance Features Sign In App Tap ID scan & safety check Multiple sites ID badges Data privacy Companion App Evacuation reports Deliveries Events Integrations All features Pricing Plans & pricing Compare stands Book a demo Buy now Industries Education Transport & logistics Nursing & residential care For Enterprise Resources Blog Customer case studies Data security HIPAA SwipedOn & The Future Partners The team Contact us Links Login User guide Campus FAQ Beta Legal stuff Cookies System status Trust center Corporate brochure (PDF) Education brochure (PDF) English Deutsch – Deutschland (German - Germany) Español - España (Spanish - Spain) Français - France (French - France) Registered Office: 4 Waterside Way, Northampton, England, NN4 7XD - Registration No: 08516772 - Registered in England. ISO27001 Information Security Management - Certificate No. 122520 - US address: Sign In App Inc. 150 2nd Ave N, Suite 1540, St. Petersburg, Florida 33701 (855 615-1590) - EU address: Sign In App, S.L., Paseo Juan Carlos I, 23 (local 11), Edificio Mediterraneo, Marina Botafoch, 07800 Ibiza, Baleares, España (919 26 50 44) ©2026 Sign In App Ltd is part of the Sign In Solutions suite of brands providing global, cloud-based solutions to manage visitors, employees, workplaces and beyond.