Skip to content
SOLUTIONS
INDUSTRIES
CUSTOMERS
PARTNERS
RESOURCES
COMPANY
PRICING
LOGIN
CONTACT US
Stop fraud. Boost sales. Grow lifetime value.

Signifyd helps your ecommerce business grow by preventing fraud, increasing conversion and establishing trust that turns into customer loyalty.

WATCH A DEMO GET STARTED
SEE OUR CUSTOMERS
Outsmart holiday abuse before it hits
Protect your margins this holiday season! See how Signifyd helps retailers prevent abuse in real time without slowing good customers down.
WATCH DEMO
The Signifyd Spark Summer Release
Signifyd Spark gives you a first look at our latest technology, showcasing advancements designed to empower your business. Let Spark light the way to smarter, more secure commerce.
LEARN MORE
More Sales. More Demand.
More Risk.
Stay ahead of the holiday surge with real-time insights from our Holiday Data Tracker.
SEE THE TRACKER
It’s clear something big is happening in ecommerce
Less clear is how big — and how fast — agentic commerce will change the way merchants sell and shoppers buy. Learn what history tells us and what the experts have to say.
READ THE FULL REPORT
JUST RELEASED!
THE STATE OF FRAUD
AND RETURNS 2025
Discover the critical ecommerce fraud trends shaping 2025, from the surge in returns and card testing attacks to the industrialization of fraud and the impact of agentic commerce.
READ THE FULL REPORT
     
Outsmart holiday abuse before it hits
Protect your margins this holiday season! See how Signifyd helps retailers prevent abuse in real time without slowing good customers down.
WATCH DEMO
The Signifyd Spark Summer Release
Signifyd Spark gives you a first look at our latest technology, showcasing advancements designed to empower your business. Let Spark light the way to smarter, more secure commerce.
LEARN MORE
More Sales. More Demand.
More Risk.
Stay ahead of the holiday surge with real-time insights from our Holiday Data Tracker.
SEE THE TRACKER
It’s clear something big is happening in ecommerce
Less clear is how big — and how fast — agentic commerce will change the way merchants sell and shoppers buy. Learn what history tells us and what the experts have to say.
READ THE FULL REPORT
Fraud stifles ecommerce growth. Manage it better with Signifyd.
5%
Increase in conversion
0%
Order automation
$0
In fraud losses
Protecting customer experience from false declines

Signifyd’s instant recognition of legitimate customers allows Hot Topic to approve more good orders and automate fulfillment for their best customers — backed by a 100% financial guarantee.

READ CUSTOMER STORY
Continuous protection across the entire shopper journey
PLATFORM OVERVIEW
Why Signifyd?

Signifyd delivers accuracy, speed and control — with the transparency
needed to empower fearless commerce.

1
Unrivaled performance

Scale, speed and a dedication to conversion optimization deliver enterprise-grade performance you can trust.

How to evaluate performance

2
Complete control

Our platform is built to give you ultimate control over protection — because no one knows your business like you do.

3
Transparency into decisions

Machine learning shouldn’t leave you in the dark. We provide the data needed to understand decisions and stay attuned to business performance.

Quantifying
transparency

4
Quickest time to value

Fraud doesn’t wait — and neither does Signifyd. Our models are designed to give you the fastest return on investment.

Understanding
time‑to‑value

Our latest insights and reports

View all resources

Signifyd is the #1 choice for enterprise ecommerce retailers

For the fifth year in a row, Signifyd is the number one ecommerce protection platform in the Digital Commerce 360 Leading Vendors to the Top 1000 Retailers report. Get complimentary access to the report to discover why Signifyd is the preferred ecommerce solution provider.

One-click access

What’s ahead for commerce in 2025?

Retail is evolving fast, shaped by economic shifts, changing consumer expectations and new policy challenges.

Read the report

Signifyd is the #1 choice for enterprise ecommerce retailers

Discover the critical ecommerce fraud trends shaping 2025, from the surge in returns and card testing attacks to the industrialization of fraud and the impact of agentic commerce.

Read the full report

Tariff resource center

Shield your margins with our merchant guide to navigating 2025 tariff impacts.

Learn more

Protect, trust and grow with Signifyd
CONTACT US
USEFUL LINKS
Console status
Resources
Pricing
About
Fraud 101
Partner program
Careers
Customers
Contact us
API docs
Security & compliance
Terms
Acceptable use
Privacy
California privacy notice
Data Subject Access Request form
Vendor ethics
Modern slavery
Your privacy choices
CUSTOMER REVIEWS

G2 is a peer-to-peer, business solutions review platform. Their analysis placed Signifyd above all competitors, ranking it first in market presence and naming it a market leader.

FOLLOW US
RSS
NEW & INFORMATION
Stay in the know

Subscribe to get updates on the state of fraud and commerce in your industry.

© 2025 Signifyd