Skip to main content
Microsoft
.NET
Why .NET Features Learn Docs Downloads Community LIVE TV
All Microsoft
Home
ASP.NET
SignalR
Missed .NET Conf 2025?
Catch up on all of the fun and educational .NET sessions, with our on-demand videos.
Watch videos
×
Real-time ASP.NET with SignalR

Incredibly simple real-time web for ASP.NET

Get started
Read docs

Supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux

Bring your ASP.NET apps to life with SignalR

Today's modern apps are expected to deliver up-to-date information without hitting a refresh button. Add real-time functionality to your dashboards, maps, games and more.

What is real-time functionality? It's the ability to have your server-side code push content to connected clients as it happens, in real-time.

Part of the ASP.NET Framework

SignalR hubs can be written in C# code and added to your ASP.NET app, alongside your pages and APIs.

The simple programming model integrates seamlessly with other ASP.NET features like dependency injection, authentication, authorization, and scalability.

What can you do with ASP.NET and SignalR?

While chat is often used as an example, you can do a whole lot more. Any time a user refreshes a web page to see new data, or the page implements Ajax long polling to retrieve new data, it's a candidate for using SignalR.

SignalR also enables completely new types of applications that require high-frequency updates from the server, such as real-time gaming.

Open source, open protocol

SignalR is open-source on GitHub, just like the rest of .NET. In addition to the source code, the protocol specification for communication between hubs and clients is open too.

SignalR on GitHub 

Connect from everywhere

With client SDKs for JavaScript, .NET (C#, F#, and Visual Basic), Java, and Swift, you can connect to your SignalR hub and start receiving real-time messages on almost any platform including web, mobile, desktop, and games.

SignalR will use WebSockets when it's available, and gracefully falls back on other technologies when it isn't, while your application code stays the same.

SignalR is fast and scalable

Like the rest of ASP.NET, SignalR was built for high performance and is one of the fastest real-time frameworks around.

Scale out across servers with built-in support for using Redis, SQL Server, or Azure Service Bus to coordinate messages between each instance.

Azure SignalR service

You can host the SignalR app yourself or use Azure SignalR Service for a fully managed platform. Azure SignalR Service handles concerns like performance, scalability, and availability and has a 99.9% service-level agreement.

Learn about Azure SignalR Service 

Ready to get started?

Our step-by-step tutorial will help you get ASP.NET with SignalR running on your computer.

Get started

Follow us
Feedback
English (United States)
Español
Français (France)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italiano (Italia)
日本語
한국어
Português (Brasil)
Русский (Россия)
中文（简体）
中文（台灣）
Dark mode
Dark mode off
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Powered by .NET 10.0.1
Contact Microsoft
Support
Privacy & Cookies
Terms of Use
Trademarks
© Microsoft 2025