This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Products
Applications
Software & Tools
Resources
Company
 English 
AskAI
JUST RELEASED
Not all Sub-GHz is created equal. See the difference.
Learn About Our FG23L
WORKS WITH 2025
IoT Innovation,
On-Demand.
Stream Works With 2025 now On-Demand to gain insights from innovative IoT leaders and dive into inspiring training sessions.
Watch Now
JUST ANNOUNCED
AI-Enabled Simplicity Ecosystem
Read More
NOW AVAILABLE
xG301 Series 3
Wireless SoCs
The Next Generation Wireless SoC
Explore the xG301
JUST RELEASED
Not all Sub-GHz is created equal. See the difference.
Learn About Our FG23L
WORKS WITH 2025
IoT Innovation,
On-Demand.
Stream Works With 2025 now On-Demand to gain insights from innovative IoT leaders and dive into inspiring training sessions.
Watch Now
JUST ANNOUNCED
AI-Enabled Simplicity Ecosystem
Read More
NOW AVAILABLE
xG301 Series 3
Wireless SoCs
The Next Generation Wireless SoC
Explore the xG301
JUST RELEASED
Not all Sub-GHz is created equal. See the difference.
Learn About Our FG23L
Secure, Intelligent Wireless Technology for a More Connected World
Bluetooth®
Silicon Labs provides flexible, highly-integrated Bluetooth products that meet the most demanding requirements for a wide variety of applications.
Explore Bluetooth 
Wi-Fi
Silicon Labs' Wi-Fi modules and SoCs are designed specifically for the IoT, where multiprotocol, RF performance, and ultra-low power consumption are critical.
Explore Wi-Fi 
Matter
Matter drives the convergence between the major IoT ecosystems to create one easy, reliable, secure wireless protocol to connect all devices and networks.
Explore Matter 
Trusted IoT Development Platform
Our leading IoT platform can help you quickly create secure, intelligent connected devices that solve the world's biggest challenges. 
We work with the industry’s widest range of protocols and ecosystems so you can quickly get to market with integrated devices for any application.

Wireless

Our wireless portfolio features unmatched breadth and depth, with solutions for the most important protocols and ecosystems.

Wireless Portfolio
Machine Learning

Support for machine learning in all Series 1 and Series 2 SoCs, including our BG24 and MG24 products featuring built-in AI/ML hardware accelerator.


ML Development Tools
Security

Security has become a critical design consideration and our portfolio offers industry-leading technology to protect against evolving threats. 


Security Portfolio
Services

We offer a variety of services, including custom part manufacturing and long-term SDK support, to help you get to market faster.


Explore Services
View All Products 
Helping Developers Bring Innovative Solutions to Market that Transform Industries, Grow Economies, and Improve Lives


Our integrated hardware and software platform, intuitive development tools, unmatched ecosystem support, and robust support make us the ideal long-term partner in building advanced industrial, commercial, and home and life applications.


Smart Home
Industrial IoT
Smart Cities
Smart Retail
Connected Health
Customer Stories

We simplify the complex wireless development process and here are some of the customer stories we’ve had the opportunity to be part of during nearly three decades in business. 


View All Case Studies
Developer Tools

Silicon Labs provides a complete set of SDKs, reference designs, precompiled demos, and support resources. In addition to these development resources, we provide the latest how-to information, tutorials, and training to help you build the skills needed to accelerate development and get your products to market as quickly as possible.


Simplicity Studio 6

Simplicity Studio is the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for all Silicon Labs technologies.

Software Documentation

Access a complete set of SDKs, reference designs, precompiled demos, and support resources.

Technical Library

Access the latest documentation, data sheets, and application notes for fast, up-to-date answers.

Connect Devices.
Improve Lives.


We’re the leading innovator in low-power wireless connectivity, building embedded technology that connects devices and improves lives.


About Silicon Labs
Content and Training

Wireless development isn't easy, which is why we provide a full range of resources to assist along the development journey. Explore our collection of whitepapers, blogs, case studies, and other collateral to see how our customers are improving the world through connectivity.  


Filter :
Case Studies
Events
Silicon Labs Blog
EVENTS
Tech Talks: Wireless Technology Training
SILICON LABS BLOG
Introducing the Ultra-Low Power IoT-Optimized FG23L Sub-GHz SoC
SILICON LABS BLOG
Improving Accuracy with a New Channel Sounding Dev Kit
SILICON LABS BLOG
Silicon Labs Expands Support for Zephyr Project
CASE STUDIES
GlobalRnD Enhances Smart Elderly Care with BG22 Bluetooth SoCs
CASE STUDIES
Silicon Labs Powers Probus’ Digital Transformation of Energy Distribution in India
1
2

Stay Connected With Us

Plug into the latest on Silicon Labs products, including product releases and resources, documentation updates, PCN notification, upcoming events, and more.

About Us
Careers
Community
Contact Us
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Press Room
Privacy and Terms
Site Feedback

Connect With Us:

Copyright  2025 Silicon Laboratories. All rights reserved.