SimBrief.com - Virtual Flight Planning Solutions Facebook - Contact - Privacy Settings Login Home About General Information Aircraft Types Featured Websites System Status System Changelog Register Create an Account Terms of Service Privacy Policy Dispatch Dispatch System My Flight Plan Saved Flights Saved Airframes Database Query FMS Downloader Account Settings Help User Guide Introduction Video Tutorial Video Support Flight Planning Made Easy Welcome to SimBrief, a free flight planning service provided by Navigraph for Flight Simulation enthusiasts looking to take their flights to the next level! Registered Navigraph users gain access to a web-based dispatching system, capable of generating in-depth flight plan packages featuring detailed fuel planning, weather forecasts, current NOTAMs, ETOPS calculations, and much more in seconds! Create a Navigraph Account * You will be redirected back to SimBrief after registering. SimBrief and Navigraph To access SimBrief, users need to sign in using a Navigraph account. Creating a Navigraph account is free, quick and easy. SimBrief is free to use, however, it uses a slightly outdated navigation database by default. You can purchase a Navigraph subscription after registering, which will give you access to the latest real-world navigation data encoded for flight simulator use, updated every 28 days. Create a Navigraph Account * You will be redirected back to SimBrief after registering. Navigraph Charts With a Navigraph Unlimited subscription you will get access to Jeppesen's worldwide IFR and VFR charts library in addition to the latest navigation data. Navigraph Charts lets you view, search and organize departure, enroute and approach charts all in one place for a seamless experience. With features such as flight planning, intelligent procedure selection, interactive enroute charts, terrain and obstacle presentation, and real-time weather information, it offers the most realistic simulation for IFR and VFR flights. Learn More Detailed Fuel Planning SimBrief supports many of the most popular aircraft types! These aircraft profiles have been developed over many years and have been tested for compatibility with a wide range of add-ons and simulators. Currently the database contains over 120 aircraft types, a full list can be viewed by clicking the button below. Full Aircraft List Photo by Håkan Dahlström Downloadable FMS Files SimBrief now supports over 40 different FMS and route file formats for a variety of simulators, programs, and third-party aircraft. Simply generate a flight plan and select your files from the FMS Downloads list. In addition, the new FMS Downloader program makes it possible to automatically download and install your selected route files whenever you generate a SimBrief flight plan. Click below to visit the downloads page and try it for yourself! Learn More Detailed Flight Planning The SimBrief Dispatch System is the web's most comprehensive FREE virtual flight planning service. Features include detailed fuel calculations for over 120 aircraft types, an extensive route database, real-world weather forecasts, current NOTAMs, ETOPS planning, and much more! What Does it All Mean? Visit the User Guide or view the Tutorial Video for a detailed look at how to use the SimBrief Dispatch System. The user guide also features an Interactive OFP Sample which makes it possible to hover over any area of a sample flight plan for a description of what it means and how it's used. Current AIRAC Cycles SimBrief is provided by Navigraph , the flight simulation community's trusted source for updated charts and navigational data (such as airports, waypoints, and airways). Navigraph subscribers always have access to the latest AIRAC cycles on SimBrief, please visit the Account Settings page for more details. News Releases October 16th, 2025 at 15:28Z European Real-World Routes: For years, SimBrief has offered real-world routes within North America. Finally, it can now also suggest them for flights within Europe! Check out the blog post here for more information. July 22nd, 2024 at 16:54Z Takeoff and Landing Calculations: SimBrief can now calculate takeoff and landing performance! Features include automatic weather population, reduced thrust takeoffs, and optimized flap settings. Check it out in the Performance and Tools section! Page: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 - 10 - 11 - 12 - 13 - 14 - 15 Statistics General Briefings (Since Launch): 155423681 Briefings (Past 24 Hours): 114695 Registered Users: 1217294 Users Currently Online: 816 Latest Flight Plan Flight Number: JAL171 Departure Airport: RJTT Arrival Airport: RJCC Aircraft: A330-900 Time Generated: Just now View Flight Plan © Navigraph 2026. All rights reserved. SimBrief is a Flight Simulation website owned and operated by Navigraph . The data on this website may be inaccurate and must not be used for real world navigation as it is unlawful and unsafe to do so. Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Brand Guidelines Navigraph Products Charts Navigation Data Flight Planning Experiences IFR Flight Simulation VFR Flight Simulation Simulators Microsoft Flight Simulator X-Plane Prepar3D Read More Pricing Support Downloads Cookie Settings On the SimBrief website we use cookies and similar methods to improve user experience, analyze website traffic, measure ad campaign performance, and target ads. By clicking "Accept all cookies" you consent to the use of these methods by SimBrief, Navigraph, and third parties. You can always change your cookie settings later. Manage cookie settings Accept all cookies Manage your cookies Some cookies are essential to use our services. To continue to the website, review the available cookie controls and make any optional selections you'd like before accepting below. One of the ways we use cookies is to show you useful and relevant ads on and off social media platforms. You can read more about the ways we use cookies in our Privacy Policy . What cookie settings can I control? Accept cookies that come from our third party partners, which are used to optimize our services by producing analytics, personalizing content (including ads), measuring ads, and providing a safer experience? If you don't want cookies at all Without cookies you will not be able to log in to your account, manage or buy subscriptions or access any data or content that is not plain text or images. Other ways you can control your information Follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" facility) to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly. To learn more about the choices that advertisers provide generally for individuals to influence how information about their online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services is collected and used, visit the Network Advertising Initiative , the Digital Advertising Alliance , or the European Digital Advertising Alliance . In addition, your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. These controls vary by browser, and manufacturers may change both the settings they make available and how they work at any time. Google Chrome Internet Explorer Firefox Safari Safari Mobile Opera Cancel Save settings