Create a Free Website with SimDif's Free Website Builder Log In Quick Navigation Build a website with your phone Start your Free Website Ethical AI tools Domain names for free sites Pricing SimDif Original Features Publishing Checklist Interchangeable Themes Multilingual Websites POP - Pro SEO Help & Support Frequently Asked Questions Your site and Google (SEO) Our Advice letters Contact us Inspiration & Principles The SimDif Blog Improve your website SimDif makes it easy Why make your own website? The website builder app that works the same on phones and computers Start your Free site Easily create a complete website on Android or iPhone 100% free Try the Demo SimDif lets you switch back and forth between devices to create and manage your website Advanced Features Made Simple Themes You can change your website's design whenever you like without affecting your content. Customize colors, fonts, shapes, and textures to find what resonates with your audience. Save and reuse your designs across multiple Pro sites, and preview and switch themes effortlessly on any device. Learn more about how to customize your website's design . E-Commerce SimDif eCommerce makes it easy to start selling online by offering solutions tailored for every stage of your business. Quickly add payment buttons or integrate full online stores with Ecwid and Sellfy. We tested carefully to offer only solutions which work flawlessly on any device. Discover all the E-commerce solutions available. Multilingual Sites Create and manage a website in many languages with SimDif Multilingual Sites. With automatic translations, simple language switching, and shared design across languages, you can reach a wider audience and save time. Find out more about our multilingual website builder and see how SimDif's built-in Al tools help keep your website management simple. Upgrade Your Free Website as You Grow We provide you with the tools, hosting, and guidance you need to create a website. Our free Starter site helps you organize your content into a simple but effective website. If you find yourself needing more options, our Smart version offers additional features at a reasonable price. For fuller control and customization, our Pro version has advanced features. As your website grows, you can easily move to the version that best fits your evolving needs. Features and Pricing Only on SimDif The Optimization Assistant Makes sure your website is at its best before sharing it with the world. The Optimization Assistant checks every detail of your site, from metadata to images, and lets you know what's missing. Just click on the arrow next to each suggestion to jump to the exact spot that needs attention and make the necessary changes. See how the Assistant helps you prepare your website for visitors . Kai: Personal Advisor Kai is an AI powered assistant that you can use for expert advice on what to write, how to help people find your website, and how to organize it. Kai changes the way you create a website, but still leaves all the decisions to you. Learn how AI can help you build an effective website , and increase the chances of your business or project getting seen by more people. POP: Professional SEO POP is a renowned SEO tool which analyzes your website and its competition to tell you the exact words and phrases to use to improve your website's position in Google. POP is very easy to use, and is integrated right into the SimDif app for a fraction of the regular price. Discover how to optimize your website's SEO with POP . Loved by Users on Phones and Computers SimDif is a free website builder with the same features, and the exact same editing experience, on a phone, tablet or computer. This allows you to easily switch from one device to another to edit and publish your site. You can even use just your phone, like hundreds of thousands of SimDif users, and not have to use a computer at all. Over 4 million people have downloaded our apps. Read their reviews on Google Play and the App Store . Guidance and News from SimDif News and Updates From new AI capabilities to our latest customization options, we're constantly improving SimDif. Explore our newsletter archive to see how we've evolved and what new tools are available to help you build a better website. See What's New The SimDif Blog Beyond the how-to guides, we share our thoughts on the fundamental principles of effective websites. Finding new ideas about creating websites that connect with people and perform well. Read Our Blog Our Advice Letters are Here to Help Building a website can be challenging. To make it easier, in the first few weeks after you create your account, we'll send you a short letter every 2 days with tips and guidance. But you don’t have to wait. You can read them now! See All Our Advice Letters Buy a Domain Name with YorName and Link it to Your Free Website YorName offers SimDif users a simple way to buy and manage a domain name directly in the website builder app, with a free HTTPS (SSL) certificate. Other website builders make you pay for upgrades to use your custom domain name. With SimDif, you can use your own domain name with a free website. All you need to do is buy a domain at YorName.com, or transfer your existing name to YorName if you already own one. Get Your Own Domain 3 Questions To Ask Yourself Do I Need A Website for My Business? Yes of course! But you knew we would say that, and here's why: Social media may let people see you in passing, but that's not enough. Having your own website gives you full control of your content, making it more likely people can find you on Google. Learn more about why a website beats social media . Why Am I the Best Person to Create My Website? You might think you need to be a web designer to make your own website. The truth is that building your website yourself has many advantages. Read more to learn why you are the perfect person to create your website . SimDif makes it easier than ever! How Do I Make A Good Homepage? Crafting an effective homepage for your website can be daunting, especially for first-time builders. It's easy to fall into the trap of trying to say everything at once. But fear not! We have distilled years of experience into five simple, friendly visions to help you succeed. Find out how to build a homepage that engages visitors and reaches search results . FairDif Matches Our Prices to Your Country FairDif adjusts the price of our service based on the cost of living in your country. We believe Simple Different is one of the first companies on the web to offer localized (PPP) pricing for online software. The features of our Smart and Pro upgrades are the same for everyone, but the price you pay is adjusted to be fair and affordable based on where you live. Learn More About FairDif Frequently Asked Questions about Building a Website Visible on Google Domain Name Price https / SSL security POP SEO Social Media The Simple Different Directory Local Business Profession Blog Corporation Educational Organization Medical Organization NGO News Media Organization Performing Group Project Sports Organization Workers Union Examples of Smart and Pro Websites SimDif is the first website builder app offering the same features on your phone as on computers. Try the Demo Start your Free site About Us SimDif for Android SimDif for iOS The Team Terms of Service Ethics & Privacy FAQ Contact Us العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bengali) Català (Catalan) 简体中文 (Chinese - Simplified) 繁體中文 (Chinese - Traditional) Hrvatski (Croatian) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) English (English) Filipino (Filipino) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) עברית (Hebrew) हिन्दी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Bahasa Melayu (Malay) मराठी भाषा (Marathi) Norsk (Norwegian) فارسی (Persian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Română (Romanian) Pусский язык (Russian) Slovenčina (Slovak) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська мова (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)