Sim File Share - Filehosting for Simmers Sim File Share Login Redeem code Help File hosting designed for simmers. No more hosting roulette! Free, unlimited hosting That’s no filesize limits, no bandwidth limits, no premium options, and no login required to download. Stats, Loves and Folders Organise your files, find out who's downloading them, and make your favourite creators feel appreciated! Sim Stuff Only Sim File Share can only be used by simmers, for sharing sims-related files. This means we can focus on the needs of creators and downloaders, rather than trying to cater for everyone. Your Links will Work Forever What's worse than discovering an amazing bit of CC, only to find the link is broken? Or having to go through your entire blog replacing all the links, because your last file host stopped working? Sim File Share guarantees that your files will always be available! Here's how: Permanent URLs We know simmers like to post their links and then never touch them again. So the original URLs for your files will never stop working. No Purges We won’t delete your files just because they’re old, haven’t been downloaded in a while, or because you haven’t logged in recently. The only time we’ll delete files is if we receive a legitimate, confirmed copyright complaint. End of Life Guarantee We don’t plan on ever closing Sim File Share. But if we do have to close the site, we’ll share all public files with Sims 2 Graveyard, Simscave, and other rehosting sites before we go. Sign me up! In order to keep Sim File Share exclusively for simmers, we operate on an invite system. That means you have two options for signing up: Ask a Friend All Sim File Share users get an unlimited number of invites to give away to fellow simmers. So if you know someone who uses Sim File Share, send them a message! If you already have an invite code, you can redeem it here . Request an Account If you don't know anyone you can ask for an invite, you can request an account using this form . Using an invite code will be quicker, especially if we get backlogged, but we'll get to you as soon as we can! Theme by BlackTie.co (2013) - 
					Icons by Pixeden and Flaticon - 
					Website content copyright SimFileShare 2015-2024 - Privacy Policy - About SimFileShare Ltd