Homepage | Simmons University Skip to main content Directory Athletics News Events Library Give Request Info Visit Apply Information For Admitted Undergraduates Admitted Graduate Students Current Students Current Graduate Students International Students Veterans Alumnae/i and Friends Parents and Families Faculty and Staff College Counselors Adult Learners Our Community Search Open the search panel Academics Find a Program Undergraduate Graduate Online Degree Completion Program Executive Education The Simmons Edge Academic Centers and Facilities Interprofessional Education (IPE) Schools and Departments Faculty STEM at Simmons Research at Simmons Academic Freedom Course Catalog Academic Calendar Registrar Admission & Financial Aid Undergraduate Graduate Financial Aid and Affordability Visit & Tour Request Information Notice of Non-Discrimination Student Life Living On Campus (for Undergraduates) Campus Dining Community Engagement Experience Boston Community Read Student Support & Resources Wellness at Simmons Why Simmons Commitment to Inclusivity Building Our Future One Simmons Project Our Mission & History Simmons University At a Glance University Leadership Career Resources Rankings and Awards Work at Simmons Annual Leadership Events Contact Us Alumnae/i & Friends Connect Alumnae/i Events Give Contact Us Simmons Alumnae/i Leading the Way Experience Simmons Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. A Women-Centered Undergraduate Experience Studying at Simmons will provide you with unique opportunities for leadership, scholarship, activism, and lifelong connections. Here, you’ll find the best of both worlds: a university with renowned professional and academic programs located in the heart of the dynamic city of Boston, and a tight-knit campus community with a small college feel. Explore the Undergraduate Experience at Simmons A Co-Educational Graduate Experience Our nationally recognized graduate programs offer an unmatched combination of theory and practice that will challenge you to see more broadly, think more deeply, and excel in your chosen field. You’ll graduate prepared for your next move whether you are coming straight from undergraduate study or making a change mid-career. Explore the Graduate Experience at Simmons Simmons Launches Nation's First Women's Sports Management Graduate Program Our new Masters of Management program builds on Simmons' longstanding excellence in management education and prepares students for careers in one of the world's fastest-growing industries. Read the announcement Real World Learning at Simmons Small College Feel, Big University Impact With our 18-acre campus in Boston, easy access to internships and jobs, and extensive degree options, we offer the opportunities of a big, urban university. Our close-knit, supportive community at Simmons is the perfect environment to pursue your undergraduate or graduate degree. Get the Facts About Simmons Discover the Simmons Edge The Simmons Edge is our integrated academic and experiential journey for undergraduates. We will lead you to career success — faster and more affordably — so you can realize a return on your investment. You'll receive support to explore your passion and connect your academic work to your career goals. The Edge also offers the opportunity to earn a graduate degree in less time and with significant cost savings. How Accelerated Graduate Education Works at Simmons Explore Online Opportunities Designed to empower the next generation of leaders, our immersive digital campus brings the transformational Simmons education to you in a format that fits your lifestyle. Online Undergraduate Programs for Adult Learners Online Graduate Programs Want to Learn More? Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Ready to Take the Next Step? Apply as an Undergraduate Student Apply as a Graduate Student In the Heart of Boston Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. An aerial view of the Simmons campus and the Boston skyline Discover Boston, Massachusetts As home to approximately 300,000 students, Boston is a center of higher education and a community of educators, administrators, and student service professionals unlike anywhere else in the world. Experience Boston The Dana Farber Cancer Institute is one of many medical research facilities in the Longwood Medical Area Experience Easy Access to Internships and Clinical Rotations Our campus is located in the Fenway neighborhood of Boston, within walking distance of the Longwood Medical Area, where you’ll find ample opportunities for internships and clinical rotations at renowned hospitals and medical research facilities. Simmons is also a short ride to Cambridge’s Kendall Square, an internationally recognized site of innovation that hosts 150 high-tech companies, including some of the most celebrated life science, technology, and pharmaceutical companies in the world. Explore the Longwood Medical Area Stormy, the Simmons mascot, paying a visit to Fenway Park Explore Culture and History Within Walking Distance There are an endless number of things to do right around the corner from the Simmons campus, including several art museums, concert halls, restaurants, and historic Fenway Park. Many of these locations offer free admission to students. View our guide to Boston Grow Broaden Your Network There are approximately 300,000 college students in Boston. With so many young people in the area it's easy to meet friendly people — and make friends. Through the Colleges of the Fenway you can take courses, attend events, participate in intramural sports, join performing arts programs and clubs, and much more at any of the member institutions. Discover the Colleges of the Fenway The Simmons Community All News & Stories New Master’s Degree Focuses on Business of Women’s Sports Announcement DPT Student Applies Theory to Practice Student Story Honors 3+1 Student Embraces Interdisciplinarity Student Story Online Degree Completion Student Overcomes Hardship Student Story Take the Next Step Request Info Visit Apply 300 The Fenway Boston, MA 02115 (617) 521-2000 Social Media Links Simmons University Youtube Simmons University Facebook Simmons University Twitter Simmons University LinkedIn Simmons University Instagram Simmons University TikTok Undergraduate Site Graduate Site Online Programs Site Resources Library Non-Discrimination Notice Maps and Directions Athletics Faculty Directory Financial Reporting Public Safety Title IX Report an Incident More Contact Us Give Work at Simmons © 2025 Simmons University Report a Barrier Privacy Consumer Information Visit Simmons What type of student are you? Undergraduate Graduate Apply to Simmons What type of student are you? Undergraduate Graduate Request Info What type of student are you? Undergraduate Graduate