Simple: Weight Loss & Health Coaching App Features Blog Blog home Intermittent Fasting Nutrition and healthy eating Simple news Weight loss Calculators BMR Calorie Calculator BMI Calorie Calculator Simple’s calorie calculator Simple’s macro calculator Careers Work with us Affiliate program Ambassador program FAQ Contacts EN German English Spanish French Italian Get started Get started EN German English Spanish French Italian Simplify the way you lose weight Finally, a health journey that actually feels good. Lasting results. Zero stress. Get started Trusted by millions Downloads Pounds lost Average rating Awards Digital Health Awards Winner 2025 MedTech Breakthrough Best Virtual Health Coach World Future Awards Top 100 AI Companies Featured on Always know what to do next Say hello to Blinky — your relentless motivator Sassy, cute, and just the right amount of unhinged. He celebrates your wins and drags you back on track when you slip. Blinky Coach Avo Meet your personal coach Meet Avo — your award-winning, humanlike AI coach. Avo adapts your plan in real time, guides your progress, and makes your goals feel possible. Powered by science, leading with empathy. Blinky Coach Avo All-in-one app The best tools at your fingertips Personalized weight loss plan Food scanner and smart feedback Pilates, yoga, and walking plans Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. -10lbs I've lost a pant size, I've lost 10 pounds, my clothes are loose…. I have more energy and mental clarity — so many good things have come to me! Teresa -73lbs The thing that's helped me the most is reminding myself that it's not that I can't have it, I just can't have it right now. Not denying but just delaying. Lori -30lbs If you're honest with what you put in, you'll get feedback from the app that I feel has been super helpful James -50lbs It's been life-changing to see my eating habits in a whole new way. Simple taught me to be more mindful of my meal planning Joelle -76lbs The Simple app made it really easy for me to keep track of my water and tea intake, as well as my foods, and the hours I've been fasting… I finally feel like I'm in control of my health! Debi FAQ Got a question? Can the Simple app help me lose weight? The Simple app can help you lose weight — and it can help you with much more than that, too. You'll learn how to make healthy, balanced eating choices. You'll feel more confident and in control with food. You'll get fitter, drink more water, and have more energy. You'll develop the skills to prioritize self-care and live a healthier lifestyle. (We're excited for you, honestly!) Does Simple make me count calories, cut out carbs, or weigh all my food? Nope. The Simple method doesn't include calorie counting, cutting out essential food groups, or weighing every bite. Instead, we prioritize safety and sustainability. So, we'll coach you to lose weight through a behavior change approach that teaches you how to meet your nutritional needs, get active, safely intermittent fast, and more. How will Simple’s coaching be customized to me? The coaching experience you’ll get with Simple is built around you. From the moment you create your Simple account, you’re the star of the show. Here’s how: Your personal AI coach, Avo™, will create daily actions just for you, and reach out with tips and insights when you need them, to keep you moving forward. You’ll see fresh educational content in the app based on the food, hydration, and physical activity you log. We’ll recommend an intermittent fasting schedule that suits your weight loss goals and timeline. The reminders we send will match your schedule and tracking activity (for instance, if you haven’t logged any water today, we’ll remind you to grab a drink). Can I trust Simple’s science? You 100% can trust Simple’s science, whether it’s in-app, on the blog, or on our social media. We take science very seriously, so all of our content is written using accurate, credible, and reliable research. It’s also reviewed thoroughly by our experts before being released and refreshed regularly to keep it up to date. What does the Simple Premium subscription include and how much does it cost? The free version of the Simple app gives you access to many of our awesome features like real-time answers from Coach Avo™, Nutrition Scores for the meals you log, and all our wellness habit Trackers. Plenty to get you started on your health journey. Upgrading to a Premium subscription will unlock daily, personalized check-ins and actions from Coach Avo™, as well as our educational library to propel you to even greater success. Our prices vary based on the subscription length you choose when signing up and are very affordable compared to human health coaches. For more subscription information, check out our Terms of Use and Refund Policy . Find confidence with Coach Avo™ and Blinky — your smart helpers with human warmth Proactive, personalized, timely support — all grounded in evidence-backed science. Try Simple Want simple health tips? Head to our blog. Take a look at the latest articles! December 29, 2025 Simple Life App: a year in review 2025 December 19, 2025 Simple's list of the healthiest bread for weight loss success December 19, 2025 Is creatine good for weight loss or is it just hype? Read our educational Blog , join our Facebook community, and follow us on Instagram Join Simple Help Center Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cancellation & Refund Policy Contacts Customer support: Visit FAQ & Start Live Chat Affiliate partnerships: partnerships@simple.life Investor inquiries: info@simple.life Press Media requests: press@simple.life Media Kit Trademark Guidelines LinkedIn Practical AI coaching that guides you daily — without diets, food restrictions, or judgment — towards lasting weight loss. © 2025 Simple . All rights reserved.