Simplify | Your entire job search in one place. Sign Up Open menu Copilot Job Application Tracker Resume Builder Employers Blog Log In Sign Up Your entire job search. Powered by one profile. Get personalized job recommendations, craft tailored resumes, autofill and track your job applications. We're here for every step of the process. Sign Up – It's Free! Join 1,000,000 + job seekers who use Simplify Job Matches Copilot Extension AI Resume Builder Job Tracker We're here for every step of your search. Tell us about your career history and goals. We'll help you craft a standout profile and help you land your dream job. Job Matches Get matched to relevant jobs, personalized to you Forget endlessly scrolling on job boards. Tell us your preferences & dealbreakers and we'll match you with jobs that fit. Get Matched Now Autofill Applications Autofill repetitive job application questions Install the Simplify Copilot extension to autofill your job applications & see keywords missing in your resume. Add to Chrome Learn More 200,000,000 + applications submitted AI Resume Builder Craft the perfect tailored resume for every job Use AI to tailor your resume to fit the job description, see your resume ATS score, and identify missing keywords, all in a few clicks. Get a Free Resume Job Tracker Bookmark jobs and track your search Goodbye spreadsheets. Bookmark job postings from 50+ job boards and manage your applications within our job tracker. Track Your Applications Join over 1,000,000 candidates that hear back 25% more with Simplify than on other platforms " I would have never known about my internship if not for Simplify! " Marketing Intern Jessica joined Alation " Simplify was crucial in helping me keep track of my applications and stay organized while interviewing. " Banking Analyst Cameron joined Goldman " I got matched with startups I wouldn't have found myself and signed an offer within a week of applying! " Operations Intern Winston joined FYPM " I found a ton of exciting roles at startups I'd never heard of with Simplify! " Software Engineer Emmanuel joined Polydelta " Simplify notified me about Google's APM program the day it opened which was crucial in landing the offer! " Associate Product Manager Grace joined Google " Simplify made it easy to find senior positions I that fit my requirements and qualifications! " Principal TPM Harshit joined Meta " I love the curated matches on Simplify. Makes it super easy to find jobs in specific industries! " Software Engineer Intern Albert joined Jane Street " Simplify was definitely the most helpful platform I used during my job search. " Summer Associate Divya joined Insight " I've saved hours of time that I would've spent re-typing my resume on job applications. " Business Analyst Rio joined Deloitte " I would have never known about my internship if not for Simplify! " Marketing Intern Jessica joined Alation " Simplify was crucial in helping me keep track of my applications and stay organized while interviewing. " Banking Analyst Cameron joined Goldman " I got matched with startups I wouldn't have found myself and signed an offer within a week of applying! " Operations Intern Winston joined FYPM " I found a ton of exciting roles at startups I'd never heard of with Simplify! " Software Engineer Emmanuel joined Polydelta " Simplify notified me about Google's APM program the day it opened which was crucial in landing the offer! " Associate Product Manager Grace joined Google " Simplify made it easy to find senior positions I that fit my requirements and qualifications! " Principal TPM Harshit joined Meta " I love the curated matches on Simplify. Makes it super easy to find jobs in specific industries! " Software Engineer Intern Albert joined Jane Street " Simplify was definitely the most helpful platform I used during my job search. " Summer Associate Divya joined Insight " I've saved hours of time that I would've spent re-typing my resume on job applications. " Business Analyst Rio joined Deloitte " I would have never known about my internship if not for Simplify! " Marketing Intern Jessica joined Alation " Simplify was crucial in helping me keep track of my applications and stay organized while interviewing. " Banking Analyst Cameron joined Goldman " I got matched with startups I wouldn't have found myself and signed an offer within a week of applying! " Operations Intern Winston joined FYPM " I found a ton of exciting roles at startups I'd never heard of with Simplify! " Software Engineer Emmanuel joined Polydelta " Simplify notified me about Google's APM program the day it opened which was crucial in landing the offer! " Associate Product Manager Grace joined Google " Simplify made it easy to find senior positions I that fit my requirements and qualifications! " Principal TPM Harshit joined Meta " I love the curated matches on Simplify. Makes it super easy to find jobs in specific industries! " Software Engineer Intern Albert joined Jane Street " Simplify was definitely the most helpful platform I used during my job search. " Summer Associate Divya joined Insight " I've saved hours of time that I would've spent re-typing my resume on job applications. " Business Analyst Rio joined Deloitte " I would have never known about my internship if not for Simplify! " Marketing Intern Jessica joined Alation " Simplify was crucial in helping me keep track of my applications and stay organized while interviewing. " Banking Analyst Cameron joined Goldman " I got matched with startups I wouldn't have found myself and signed an offer within a week of applying! " Operations Intern Winston joined FYPM " I found a ton of exciting roles at startups I'd never heard of with Simplify! " Software Engineer Emmanuel joined Polydelta " Simplify notified me about Google's APM program the day it opened which was crucial in landing the offer! " Associate Product Manager Grace joined Google " Simplify made it easy to find senior positions I that fit my requirements and qualifications! " Principal TPM Harshit joined Meta " I love the curated matches on Simplify. Makes it super easy to find jobs in specific industries! " Software Engineer Intern Albert joined Jane Street " Simplify was definitely the most helpful platform I used during my job search. " Summer Associate Divya joined Insight " I've saved hours of time that I would've spent re-typing my resume on job applications. " Business Analyst Rio joined Deloitte " I would have never known about my internship if not for Simplify! " Marketing Intern Jessica joined Alation " Simplify was crucial in helping me keep track of my applications and stay organized while interviewing. " Banking Analyst Cameron joined Goldman More tools to help you stand out from the crowd. Explore all the features we offer to supercharge your job or internship search. Resume ATS Score See what's wrong with your resume and how to fix it Cover Letter & Email Generator Craft personalized cover letters and networking emails Career Journal Track all your career achievements and get promoted faster Networking Copilot We help you find the hiring manager and send a personalized email Job Lists Handpicked collections of the most exciting companies and opportunities Explore our expert-curated job lists. Our team handpicks the most exciting opportunities into lists for you to discover - updated daily. Top Summer 2025 Internships Senior Software Jobs @ Unicorn Startups New Grad Jobs in NYC Show more jobs lists Got questions? Explore our FAQ section to learn more. Is Simplify free? How do you make money? We dropped out of college and started Simplify to equip job seekers with the tools they need to put their best foot forward in the job search. The base version of Simplify and Simplify Copilot – including unlimited job tracking and autofill – is and will be free forever. We make money by charging companies to post jobs and promote their openings – we don't sell your data. We also have a premium subscription called Simplify+ that offers an additional suite of AI features to help you supercharge your job search. How does Simplify work? Think of Simplify like a personal Hollywood-agent for your career. When you create a profile, you'll tell us the skills you have, the types jobs you're looking for, and any dealbreakers (minimum salary, location, etc.). Our AI will match you with specific opportunities that fit you from the millions of opportunities in our database. When you apply, we'll help you autofill your application and show you the most important keywords that are missing from your resume. We have an AI resume builder that lets you tailor your resume in seconds. Finally, our tracker helps you stay organized across all the jobs you've applied to. Ready to see Simplify in action? Click the teal “Sign-Up” button to get started! How does Simplify handle my data? We're internet users too and place a heavy emphasis and commitment to your privacy. First and foremost, we do not sell your data. The data you share with us is used to help match you with relevant jobs and autofill your applications. Simplify also operates as a hiring marketplace, meaning recruiters often use Simplify to post exclusive opportunities and find perfect-fit candidates (like you!). None of your data is shared with anyone off-platform without your consent – that's a promise! How does Simplify get the job postings it recommends me? The majority of the job openings you'll find on Simplify are taken directly from each company's native job board. Our system regularly checks the career pages of the 20,000+ companies on Simplify for new openings to recommend you. Each of the companies on our platform are vetted to ensure that every job you see is legit and up to date. We also work with a number of employers who exclusively post their roles on Simplify – so you'll see opportunities here you won't find anywhere else on the web! Features Copilot Job Tracker Resume Builder Resume Review Employers Opportunities Search All Jobs Internships Entry Level & New Grad Experienced Job Seeker Remote Work Moonshots Browse Job Categories Latest Jobs Latest Companies Curated Job Lists Company Blog About Careers Support & FAQ Terms Privacy Refund Policy Service Status Checking system status... View Details © 2025 Simplify. All rights reserved