Simplii Financial | Online Banking, Loans & Personal Finance Skip to Sign On Skip to content Skip to local navigation Skip to chat Menu Close Search Clear Search Input Search prod Learn more about Accounts Products and services No Fee Chequing High Interest Savings USD Savings Account Newcomer Banking Student Banking Foreign Currency Savings Accounts International Student Banking View all accounts. Tools and resources Today's rates No Fee Chequing Account No monthly fees. Great rates. As simple as that.™ Tell me more about the No Fee Chequing Account. Learn more about Credit Card Products and services Cash Back Visa* Tools and resources Rates and fees Frequently asked questions Forms and downloads Debt help Ditch the annual fee Get cash back rewards with the Simplii Financial™ Cash Back Visa* Card. Tell me more about the Simplii Cash Back Visa card. Learn more about Mortgages Products and services Explore mortgages Tools and resources Learn about home buying Manage your mortgage Mortgage prepayment Mortgage rates Mortgage calculators Mortgage relief You’ve got the vision. We’ll help you find the right mortgage. Tell me more about the cash back offer Learn more about Borrowing Products and services Personal Line of Credit Secured Line of Credit Personal Loan Creditor Insurance View all borrowing options. Tools and resources Today's rates Debt help Borrowing can be simple Find a borrowing option that fits your needs and financial goals. Learn more about our Simplii borrowing products Learn more about Investments Products and services RRSP Savings Account GICs Tax-Free Savings Account Mutual Fund Accounts View all investments. Tools and resources Retirement plans Education plans Today's rates Plant your investment Watch your money grow. Invest in a RDS%rate[5].GIC.Published(5_year,NA-99999.99,apy_rate,false-undefined-undefined-undefined-undefined)(#O2#)% 5-year GIC today. Learn more about Simplii GICs Learn more about Banking Simplii Products and services Join Simplii Ways to Bank Go Digital Direct Deposit INTERAC e-Transfer® Global Money Transfer Foreign Cash Offers and support Special Offers New to Canada Refer a Friend Today's rates Forms and downloads Send money abroad at a great rate Use Simplii Financial™ Global Money Transfer to send money to friends and family. Tell me more about Simplii Financial Global Money Transfer. Learn more about Help and Support Help Debt help Preventing fraud Support Frequently asked questions Seniors support centre Stop fraudsters sooner Protect your funds with our handy guide to common scams Tell me more Join Simplii Search Close Search Clear Search Input Search prod Join Simplii Sign On Close Are you sure you want to delete this saved card number? Cancel Delete Mobile banking Online Banking Sign on to Online banking Card number Remember my card Card description (optional) Use saved card to sign on to simplii financial online banking Card number Delete this card as my saved card number Sign on with a different card number to simplii financial online banking Password Show password Reset your password for simplii financial online banking Register for simplii financial online banking Sign on to simplii financial online banking We're sorry, Simplii Financial Online Banking is currently unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience. Legal (updated) During the Canada Post service disruption, any mail you normally receive from Simplii will be delayed. Learn more about steps you can take during the Canada Post disruption. JHGKGKGLKJGLGJLGGJLGJLGLJGLGLJ Welcome to Simplii Financial™ Earn up to 8% cash back † Earn cash back with every bite! Get a Simplii Cash Back Visa* Card and double your cash back in your first 3 months (up to $80) at restaurants, bars and coffee shops. † Conditions apply. Tell me more about the Simplii Cash Back Visa* Card. What can we help you find? Accounts Credit card Mortgages Borrowing Investments All the perks, none of the fees We make banking simple Bank with us anytime, anywhere. Manage your money online, on your phone or at any CIBC ATM with no monthly fees. Join Simplii No-fee daily banking Life's busy. Keep things simple and enjoy no-fee daily banking without a minimum balance. Tell me more about the No Fee Chequing Account. Load up on special offers Get the most out of your banking with special perks. Tell me what I can get Your one-way track to a $50 PRESTO Voucher! ‡ Sign up for a Simplii™ Cash Back Visa* Card and earn a $50 PRESTO Voucher. ‡ Tell me more Latest features and updates Find out about new and upcoming updates to get the most out of digital banking. Tell me more Digital banking simplifies life Bank your way — any time, anywhere. Use mobile and online banking to fit your lifestyle. Manage your accounts, apply for products and tap and pay with your phone. It's really that easy. Send money with Interac e-Transfer® Send money internationally Pay with mobile payment Order foreign cash Find an ATM near you More ways to bank simply Our commitment to you continues to be awarded Thank you for helping us become a winner of the 2024 Forbes Awards. For a sixth consecutive year, Simplii has been recognized as one of the world's best banks for 2024 by Forbes – powered by Statista. 2024 Award-winning products Our No Fee Chequing Account and Cash Back Visa* Card have been selected as some of the best offers in the market Winner of the Best Chequing Account Winner of the Best Credit Card for Young Adults Winner of the Best Credit Card for Newcomers Our privacy and security promise Bank without worry. We use multiple layers of protection to help keep your information safe. Tell me more about online security Simplii Financial is a division of CIBC, a CDIC member CDIC Deposit Insurance Information Opens in a new window. Learn how to protect yourself from fraud and scams Scammers are everywhere but it’s easy to stay safe with a few simple tips. Visit Preventing Fraud inlineresult Can't find what you're looking for? Use the arrow keys for suggested results. Ask us We can't find any matches for {term} Please try again. Top {category} questions 10 Rate this response Select a star rating from one star to five stars. Poor Fair Average Good Excellent Here are the top matches for your search. Displaying {number} out of {total} question(s) Other questions people were interested in. Show more questions Top {category} questions Displaying {number} out of {total} question(s) Show more questions Legal ⓘ About us About Simplii Accessibility at Simplii News Releases Corporate Responsibility Opens in a new window. Opens in a new window. Privacy and protection CDIC Deposit Insurance Information Opens in a new window. Opens a new window. Legal and Privacy Cookie Policy Support Today's Rates Site Map Go Digital Help FAQ Contact Us Feedback Opens in a new window. General inquiries 1-888-723-8881 talktous@simplii.com Get social with us Simplii Financial's Facebook Page. Opens a new window. Simplii Financial's Instagram Page. Opens a new window. Simplii Financial Website – Copyright © Simplii Financial. ×