Simpplr: #1 AI Intranet & Employee Experience Platform Skip to content Simpplr is a 3x Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions Learn more Platform AI Intranet Keep employees informed, aligned, and productive AI Search AI search that delivers trusted results across your systems AI Agents The AI agent platform for employee services and support Enterprise-ready with robust security and integrations Demo See how Simpplr connects, engages and empowers your workforce. Latest Simpplr recognized as a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions Take the next step Get a quote Solutions by Function Human Resources Internal Communication Information Technology By Use Case Digital Work Hub Employee Communication Employee Listening Employee Recognition & Rewards Employee Engagement Employee Onboarding HR Service Delivery Frontline Support Crisis Communication By Industry Healthcare Manufacturing State, Local and Education Technology / Software Professional Services Simpplr recognized as a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions Take the next step Get a quote Customers Resources Discover See all resources Read Blogs Guides Ebooks Research & Reports Case Studies AI for IC IC Newsletter Glossary Attend Events & Webinars Listen and watch On-demand Webinars Product Videos Customer Videos Podcasts Latest Simpplr recognized as a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions Take the next step Get a quote Company Company info Mission About us Partners Careers Newsroom Contact us News Simpplr Named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Intranet Packaged Solutions for the Third Year in a Row Moveworks and Simpplr Partner to Give Enterprises Greater Flexibility in the Digital Workplace Simpplr Recognized as a Leader in the 2025 IDC MarketScape for Integrated Employee Workspaces Awards Simpplr recognized as a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions Simpplr named a Leader in IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Employee Experience for Integrated Employee Workspaces 2025 Take the next step Get a quote Take the next step Get a quote Book a demo AI for employee experience AI Intranet. AI Search. AI Agents. The fastest way to bring AI to every employee. Supercharge comms, streamline work, and automate workflows with AI. Book a demo Watch demo Watch a 5-minute Simpplr demo First Name * Last Name * Company Name * Business Email Address * I want to receive emails from Simpplr Watch a demo We’re committed to your privacy. In accordance with our privacy policy, we’ll only use your information to contact you about Simpplr’s relevant content and solutions. Unsubscribe anytime. Latest from Simpplr Simpplr named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape for Integrated Employee Workplaces 2025 Learn more Simpplr is a 3x leader in 2025 Gartner®️ Magic Quadrant™️ for Intranet Packaged Solutions Learn more Platform Transform the employee experience and unlock peak performance with a single AI platform AI INTRANET More connection, less friction. Create a personalized hub for communications, engagement, and everyday tasks. Learn more AI Search One search for all your data. Bring siloed data into one intelligent search that delivers instant answers and keeps work moving. Learn more AI Agents Help without the hassle. Lift routine requests off employees and support teams so time can go to what matters most. Learn more Solutions Discover how Simpplr makes everyday work better Employee empowerment Streamline work with AI that interprets context and accelerates tasks, all within a secure and governed system. Employee communications Connect and align employees with personalized communications delivered wherever they work. Employee engagement Deepen culture and loyalty with engagement tools employees love, proven by industry-leading adoption. Awards & Recognition Simpplr is the only 4x Leader across Gartner, Forrester, G2 and IDC “Simpplr is a Leader in this Magic Quadrant. Its product provides a unified, personalized employee experience, irrespective of work locations.” Read the report “Simpplr is a Leader in this Magic Quadrant. Its product provides a unified, personalized employee experience, irrespective of work locations.” Read the report “Simpplr goes beyond the call of orchestrating a modern intranet […] to support data and resource orchestration for larger-scale AI enablement.” Read the report “Its strategy puts employee experience and engagement at the core of its innovation plans and customer adoption methodologies.” Read the report “Simpplr is the AI-powered employee experience platform with the most comprehensive intranet as the foundation.” Read the report About Simpplr Lasting impact and measurable results 2M+ Active users 95% Customer retention 282% Return on investment 1000+ Happy customers We chose Simpplr because it was easy to use for both end users and the IT team, and offered simple — but powerful — features. It was clear that Simpplr made it easy for anyone to create content, which reduced the budget and effort required for our IT team to support it. Amit Bhatnagar Senior Director of IT Applications, Nutanix Simpplr’s Recognition has been extremely positive since launching, and we see new posts every single day from employees at various levels and across departments. It helps to keep recognition top of mind for employees while also consistently reinforcing our company values. Faith McGrain Corporate Communications Manager EXPERTISE Dive into our research and best practices Explore resources 2025 State of Internal Communications and Intranet Technology The healthcare leader’s guide to employee engagement Consolidating employee experience technology: a strategic guide for IT leaders See how AI fuses engagement and productivity to power better work Book a demo Platform Overview AI Intranet AI Search AI Agents Newsletter Surveys Recognition & Rewards Analytics & Insights Integrations Trust & Security Digital Accessibility Solutions by Function Human Resources Internal Communication Information Technology Solutions by Use Case Digital HQ Employee Service Delivery Employee Communication Frontline Support Employee Engagement Employee Listening Employee Onboarding Recognition & Rewards Solutions by Industry Healthcare Manufacturing State and Education Technology and Software Professional Services Resources Overview Blogs Guides Ebooks Research & Reports Case Studies Glossary On-demand Webinars Videos Customer Testimonials Podcasts Events & Webinars Company Mission About us Partners Careers Newsroom Contact us Customers Overview Services Overview Support Portal Developer Portal Simpplr Newsletter The latest Employee Experience news Subscribe Privacy GDPR Terms Cookies Sitemap © Simpplr 2025