Free Portfolio Tracker, Stock Insights and Community - Simply Wall St Features Portfolio Tracker Dividend Tracker Stock Investing Ideas Stock Screener Watchlists Community Narratives Portfolio Tracker & Analysis Dividend Tracker Stock Screener Community Narratives Plans About en English Japanese Deutsch Español Korean Create free account Log in Plans Log in The revolution for long term stock investors Improve your portfolios, speed up research and find winning stocks the easy way. Join a global community of +7m investors Start free Demo portfolio No credit card required. Free forever. 4.6 1.8K 4.6 7.3K “The app is fantastically well designed, able to get a lot of information visually on whatever aspect of investing is needed, whether it's stock analysis or portfolio analysis . This allows for ease in navigating between various aspects of a stock and a much shorter time spent analyzing it. Love it.” Ryan from Canada Zero market noise. ‍ Better decision making. Build confidence with investing tools that give you a competitive edge. Portfolio Intelligence Track True Returns, Valuation and Community Perspectives Visual In-depth Stock Reports Save time while getting all the details you need for informed decisions Market Relevant Investing Ideas Get inspired and find winning stocks in any market cycle Smart Updates & Weekly Insights Get concise and timely insights that truly matters Portfolio Tracker & Analysis Building your best portfolios is now dead simple All your investments in one place ‍ Track multiple accounts and brokers with ease 3 minutes to add your portfolio data ‍ Sync 2000+ brokers or upload trades with AI Assist Stay informed where it matters ‍ Get only impactful updates to cut through the noise View demo portfolio Learn more Get The Full Picture of Your True Returns Realized & Unrealized Gains & Losses Dividend Payments Currency Gains & Losses Annualized Return (IRR) Eliminate your performance blind spots effectively with our detailed return report, which also help with tax planning and reporting. Performance Benchmark Monitor your portfolio’s total value, measure returns against market benchmarks, and uncover deeper performance metrics to guide your investment decisions. Dividend Tracking, Reliability & Forecasts Easily review the quality of your dividend holdings and see monthly income forecasts. Peace-of-mind Composition Analysis Visualize your portfolio distribution across sectors, asset classes, and risk levels to ensure your diversification is at your level of comfort. Stock Reports Identify wonderful companies. Determine a fair price. Comprehensive visual analysis on any stock covering all aspects of the business in a consistent and unbiased format. Past Performance Key benchmarks of the company's profitability or revenue over the years Risks & Rewards A snapshot of critical red-flags and opportunities with key insights extracted daily Valuation & Comparison Estimated stock fair value based on future expected cash flows Growth Forecast Forecast growth of a company based on the consensus of professional analysts Financial Health Understand the balance sheet. From assets and liabilities to debt, equity and current cash runway Dividend Quality Historical, current and projected shareholder payments and how it compares to the market and industry Management Profile Assess if the right people are steering the ship with management and board profiles and analysis Insider Transactions Which individuals or institutions have been backing the company with their financial decisions? Past Performance Key benchmarks of the company's profitability or revenue over the years Risks & Rewards A snapshot of critical red-flags and opportunities with key insights extracted daily Valuation & Comparison Estimated stock fair value based on future expected cash flows Growth Forecast Forecast growth of a company based on the consensus of professional analysts Financial Health Understand the balance sheet. From assets and liabilities to debt, equity and current cash runway Dividend Quality Historical, current and projected shareholder payments and how it compares to the market and industry Management Profile Assess if the right people are steering the ship with management and board profiles and analysis Insider Transactions Which individuals or institutions have been backing the company with their financial decisions? Institutional Quality Data from 120k Stocks worldwide 90 Global markets 10 year + Historical Data Which stock are you currently researching? Evaluate them easily with our stock reports that cover risks and rewards Search any stock to research for free Popular stocks Apple Amazon Alphabet NVIDIA Tesla Find opportunities and invest in all market cycles Investing Ideas Fresh investing ideas for you Get inspired with over 100 stock collections across many investing strategies and industry themes. Don't miss out on the new weekly market trend collections with analysts’ commentary. Trending investing ideas Artificial Intelligence/ AI Stocks Global Electric and Autonomous Vehicle Stocks Nuclear Energy Stocks More Investing Ideas Stock Screener Find your next quality investment Quickly narrow down your favourite type of stocks with our easy and powerful screener. You can start from top level characteristics to specific key metrics as your strategy develops. Try Screener for Free Intelligent Updates Stay up to date on important changes that could impact fair value Skip the noise and get only the impactful updates that matter to the business and long term valuation. Our curated set of alerts helps you stay focused on fundamentals and pay attention only when necessary. Start your watchlist Set up a portfolio in minutes Weekly Market Insights Global market analysis to help you cut through the noise Sign Up Now The Big Trends - Part 12: Nuclear Energy Richard Bowman The Big Trends - Part 11: Nanotechnology Richard Bowman The Big Trends - Part 10: Gaming, AR and VR Richard Bowman Trusted by over 7 million individual investors worldwide Excellent 4.3 From 4,684 reviews on Dave Saunders 6 reviews As someone just finding their way in stocks and shares this app has been invaluable. The fact I can upload my portfolio to the app and get a feel for performance is fab. I honestly feel this app is useful to novice and experienced investors alike and I highly recommend it to you. jacob 6 reviews Incredible, simply brilliant. The info this site finds and presents is unreal. you couldn’t obtain this info without wasting weeks doing intensive research. Setting an incredibly high standard, good luck to their competitors - there’s some magic minds in this team. DA•Wz @issa_wizzzard For those that are truly interested in stock trading, look for the “simply wall st.” app. It will display performance and other in depth info about a company you wish to invest in, thus making you a better investor. 🙂 You are welcome Wayne Snow 46 reviews After a 30 year career as an Investment Adviser I retired to manage my own portfolio. I use a number of tools for this purpose. Simply Wall St. has a unique pictorial approach to quickly and effectively cut through the massive amounts of data to narrow to a select few candidates. It is very easy to track your holdings. They are also very transaparent in presenting how their results are obtained. After two week trail I have parted with my hard earned money. I expect that they will help in making better investment choices in the year ahead. WES Ian K 14 reviews Great customer service ! I sent a couple of emails prior to committing to a subscription and received a prompt answer. Subscribed &amp; fully satisfied my money is well spent &amp; very informative &amp; visually pleasing site. So far I am a big fan &amp; has already helped me to weed out some of my future non performing stocks, probably paid for my subscription fee already. Stay on course. Build lasting wealth. With our insights and tools, you can confidently follow proven principles and achieve your goals. Investing in stocks is still the most powerful way to build long term wealth. Get equipped with the best instruments for success. Successful investors follow these 3 key principles 1 Think in decades not months 2 Be objective & independent 3 Continuously learn & improve Start free No credit card required. Free forever. Level 5, 320 Pitt Street, Sydney Financial Data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC, analysis provided by Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd. Copyright © 2023 , S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC. All rights reserved. View Data Sources Popular Markets US: NYSE & NASDAQ UK: FTSE Australia: ASX India: NIFTY Canada: TSX South Africa: JSE Japan: NIKKEI South Korea: KOSPI Germany: DAX Investing Ideas Undervalued Companies Dividend Powerhouses Recent Insider Buying Nuclear Energy Autonomous Vehicles Artificial Intelligence Crypto and Blockchain Cybersecurity All Investing Ideas Features & Tools Portfolio Tracker Screener & Alerts Investing Ideas Community Narratives Market Insights What's New Dividend Calculator Compare vs Morningstar Compare vs Seeking Alpha Compare vs Investing.com Simply Wall St Plans & Pricing About Us Our People Contact Us Careers Help Center Learn Stock Investing Affiliate Program Business & Enterprise Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd (ACN 600 056 611), is a Corporate Authorised Representative (Authorised Representative Number: 467183) of Sanlam Private Wealth Pty Ltd (AFSL No. 337927). Any advice contained in this website is general advice only and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should not rely on any advice and/or information contained in this website and before making any investment decision we recommend that you consider whether it is appropriate for your situation and seek appropriate financial, taxation and legal advice. Please read our Financial Services Guide before deciding whether to obtain financial services from us. © 2023 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, US Design Patent #29/544/281, Community and European Design Registration #2845206. Financial Services Guide Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy