Our Products
Request a Demo
About Us
Jobs
Search
Login
Hiring Made Simple.
Onboarding Made Effortless.

Trusted by top employers to improve productivity, reduce time-to-hire, and create seamless onboarding journeys.

Book a demo

Explore more

Simplify Hire
South Africa's Most Comprehensive Recruitment Platform

From job requisition to offer, Simplify takes the hassle out of hiring. Manage every step of the recruitment process in one place, from advertising roles and reviewing candidates to making offers. Automate manual tasks, speed up decision-making, and find better talent, faster.

Request a Demo
Simplify Teams
Seamless Onboarding And Employee Management

Manage every stage of the employee journey in one simple, powerful platform. From paper-free onboarding and digital document signing to managing employee records and automating HR workflows, Simplify Teams helps you create seamless employee experiences, save time, and take the admin out of workforce management.

Top Companies Put Their Trust In Us
Join the leading companies who trust us to compliantly attract, screen, evaluate and assess candidates quickly and painlessly.
See how we can save you time and money
What Our Clients Say...
“Simplify cannot even be compared to the previous system that we were using. An added benefit is that the system is always evolving with improvements.”
Recruitment Manager Minopex
“We had very good service from the first interaction and we were hooked. The system is very user friendly and the team is very friendly and efficient”
Recruitment Team Lead Dis-Chem
“Simplify cannot even be compared to the previous system that we were using. An added benefit is that the system is always evolving with improvements.”
Recruitment Manager Minopex
“We had very good service from the first interaction and we were hooked. The system is very user friendly and the team is very friendly and efficient”
Recruitment Team Lead Dis-Chem
Get In Touch

40 Heerengracht, Foreshore, Cape Town

E. info@simplify.hr

Facebook
 
 
Linkedin
Company
Cookie Policy
Contact us
Site Terms
Careers
Privacy Policy

Copyright 2025 – Simplify.hr 