Sinergise Jump to navigation Sinergise Menu Solutions Remote sensing and machine learning Agriculture Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem GIS tools News About What we do References Documents and Articles Press Contact Careers Language En Sl Ro advanced geographic information systems GIS solutions for fast and efficient work with spatial data. In all fields of work. Land administration systems for managing real-estate Real-estate management provides instant online access to property data, cadastre plans and real-estate transaction data. Agriculture systems as an integral part of IACS implementation Supporting LPIS our system can be used from within the institution and outwards. GIS tools that simplify working with spatial data GIS solutions for fast and efficient work with spatial data. In all fields of work. Solutions Remote Sensing and Machine Learning Agriculture solutions Agriculture Agriculture applications help farmers and controllers go through important tasks quickly and efficiently. Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem Discover Copernicus Browser GIS tools GIS tools Our GIS tools allow for advanced analysis and visual representations of the application's spatial data. Cloud API for Satellite Imagery Latest news Evoland Project is Coming to an End 17 Nov 25 Upcoming CDSE Webinar: Satellite Imagery for Climate News 24 Oct 25 Upcoming CDSE Webinar: An Introduction to Working with Custom Scripts 23 Sep 25 Gaining Insights into Sentinel imagery using the Sentinel Hub Statistical API - Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem Webinar 11 Aug 25 More news The Power of GIS A geographic information system (GIS) is a computer system for capturing, storing, checking, and displaying data related to positions on Earth’s surface. GIS benefits organizations of all sizes and in almost every industry. There is a growing interest in and awareness of the economic and strategic value of GIS. “Geospatial information is changing the way we approach the world around us.” Technology overview Sinergise offers solutions which are easy to use, platform-independent and utilize graphical user interfaces and relational databases. Their fully web enabled modular design and flexibility facilitate enhancements and integration with new or existing third party systems. Check Solutions Efficient Data Management Our solutions are based on Giselle TM – our state of the art framework for efficient spatial data management and editing on desktop or thin client applications. It also provides a facility for rapid in-field data capture using mobile devices. Better Decision Making The system captures data at the point of creation ensuring that the property and collection data is consistent and conductive to better decision making within the organization. The system allows the viewing of property tax data (based on appropriate roles) to citizens, revenue inspectors and decision makers - leading to transparency and efficiency in collections. Time & Cost Savings Our GIS solutions reduce costs, and improve the quality of information needed to make decisions. Having the right information when you need it saves time and staff resources. Various solutions A combination of vast experience of CAP, world-leading Sentinel hosting and processing and advanced ML, providing a generic service for crop markers right across Europe. Area Monitoring Service Remote Sensing Sentinel Hub makes satellite data (Sentinels, Landsat and other providers) easily accessible for you to be browsed or analyzed, within our cloud GIS or within your own environment. Sentinel Hub Remote Sensing Automatic land cover classification, crop type classification and detection of changes in land cover through time. All that is done using ML and it works on a level of an entire... Land Cover Monitoring System Remote Sensing Web application that includes the basic GIS tools and managing data through intuitive GUI. Geo Spatial Aid Application Agriculture We have built several systems and applications, which ensure efficient data management collection and, most importantly, ensure highest quality of results Field Data Collection GIS tools Satellite-based earth observation products are getting more and more accessible but using them is still difficult. Satellite imagery archive within GIS in the Cloud GIS tools Mass digitization is one of the approaches for large spatial data sets acquisition. Mass digitization of spatial data GIS tools GIS tools for Android help you work with spatial data anywhere and anytime. Offline support gives additional value over web applications. GIS for Android GIS tools Solution for visualizing spatial data in 3D for better understanding. 3D viewer GIS tools Mobile GIS fully supports the process of the on-the-spot checks in accordance with the IACS regulatives. Mobile GIS GIS tools Orthorectification is a process that rectifies images (e.g. scanned cadastre plan) based on a reference layer (e.g. aerial imagery). Orthorectification GIS tools Using projected augmented reality we can unite physical and virtual objects. Projection augmented model GIS tools About What we do References Documents and Articles Press Contact Solutions Remote sensing and machine learning Agriculture Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem GIS tools Sinergise Solutions d.o.o. Cvetkova 29, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia T:+386 (1) 320 61 50 F:+386 (1) 620-22-28 E: info@sinergise.com All Rights Reserved. Legal | Privacy