SingleCare: The Best Prescription Prices, Discounts & Coupons Skip to content Sign up Log in Not a member? Sign up free! How it works Get the app Scan the code with your camera phone to download the free SingleCare app Text yourself a link Send Real Prescription Savings. Really. Really. Real Prescription Savings. Real Prescription Savings. Really. Got a prescription? Get a coupon . Search Real Prescription Savings. Really. Got a prescription? Get a coupon . Search Popular Most popular drugs Ozempic Eliquis Wegovy Ubrelvy Jardiance Farxiga Qulipta Real Prescription Savings. Really. Really. Real Prescription Savings. Real Prescription Savings. Really. Got a prescription? Get a coupon . Search Search for a drug Most popular drugs Ozempic Zepbound Wegovy Mounjaro Eliquis Jardiance Qulipta Ubrelvy Affordable prices on everyday prescriptions Set your location Tadalafil 90 tablets, 5mg As low as $1,026 Fluticasone 1 bottle, 16gm of 50mcg/act As low as $43.00 Omeprazole 90 delayed release capsules, 20mg As low as $113 Lisinopril 90 tablets, 20mg As low as $41.00 Progesterone 90 capsules, 100mg As low as $414 ‹ › Available at 35,000+ pharmacies How to use SingleCare 1. Search prescriptions See our available discounted prices for your prescriptions. 2. Choose a free coupon It can be used at participating pharmacies near you. 3. Show your pharmacist They’ll input the magic numbers to apply the discount. 1. Search prescriptions 2. Choose a free coupon 3. Show your pharmacist Learn more Extra $3 off your next prescription Earn rewards for filling prescriptions Extra discounts just for members Sign up for free *Exclusions apply SIGN UP TODAY! Sign up free to get the lowest prices Sign up free to get our lowest prices No monthly fees. No cost. No catch. Sign up for free Keep your coupons handy with the free SingleCare app Find discounts anywhere you go with the SingleCare app 4.8 avg rating Text a link to download the app Send Trending on SingleCare Repatha Novolog Farxiga Saxenda Janumet Stiolto Respimat Victoza Linzess Nurtec Breztri Aerosphere Xarelto Trelegy Ellipta Jublia Trulance Eliquis Symbicort Telmisartan-HCTZ Est Estrogens-Methyltest Ds Tretinoin Metoprolol Tartrate Diclofenac Sodium Adapalene Lacosamide Glipizide Chlorzoxazone Crush prescription prices with SingleCare See how SingleCare can help you pay less for your prescription so you can invest more in things that matter to you. Browse drugs A-Z: View all A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to our savings newsletter Health education, drug info, wellness & more Email Subscribe By clicking 'Subscribe', I agree to SingleCare's Terms & Conditions. SingleCare About us Press Nonprofits Brokers & affiliates Careers Health blog Using SingleCare How it works Medicare Mobile apps Drug discount card Help / FAQ Customer reviews Browse drugs by Condition symptoms Condition causes Condition treatments Drug classes Drug resource center Popular drugs Drug names A-Z Need help? Available 24/7, except major holidays Customers 844-234-3057 Providers 800-960-6918 General support@singlecare.com 4.8 average rating 4.8 rating SingleCare is a prescription discount service that offers free coupons on thousands of prescription drugs. It can be used whether you have insurance, Medicare, Medicaid, or none of the above, but it cannot be combined with insurance. SingleCare provides transparent drug pricing, so you can compare discounts at pharmacies near you. Browse singlecare.com to find drug discounts, helpful information about your prescription, and resources to help you make informed health decisions. Prescription savings vary by prescription and by pharmacy, and may reach up to 80% off cash price. This is a medical discount plan. This is NOT insurance. This program offers you the opportunity to locate providers of various types of medical services who will offer their services to you at discounted rates. The range of discounts for medical or ancillary services provided under the plan will vary depending on the type of provider and service received. You are fully responsible for paying for all health care services but will be entitled to receive a discount from those health care providers in accordance with the specific pre-negotiated discounted fee schedule. This program does not guarantee the quality of the services or procedures offered by the providers. Except for prescription drugs which you will pay directly to the pharmacy at the time of purchase, all other services received through a program provider will be charged to the credit card on file in your member account. The charge will include an administrative fee for use of the program. Towers Administrators LLC is the licensed discount medical plan organization with its administrative office located at 4510 Cox Road, Suite 111, Glen Allen, VA 23060. SingleCare Services, LLC is the marketer of the discount medical plan organization including its website, singlecare.com, with its corporate office located at 99 High Street, Suite 2800, Boston, MA 02110. For additional information, including an up-to-date list of providers, or assistance with any issue related to program membership, please contact member support any time at www.singlecare.com, or by calling toll-free 844-234-3057, 24 hours, 7 days a week (except major holidays). Pharmacy names, logos, brands, and other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Blog articles are not medical advice. They are intended for general informational purposes and are not meant to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. If you think you may have a medical emergency, immediately call your physician or dial 911. Español Terms & Conditions Your Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices WA Consumer Health Privacy Policy © 2025 SingleCare Administrators. All rights reserved © 2025 SingleCare Administrators. All rights reserved