Marketing Attribution & Analytics with AI Insights | Singular Skip to main content [On-demand webinar] AI in advertising [On-demand webinar] AI in advertising: From insight to impact Help center Log in Solutions Marketing Analytics Marketing Analytics Cost Aggregation Partner Integrations Data Governance Measure Mobile Attribution SKAdNetwork Attribution Deep Linking Cross-Device Attribution PC and Console Attribution CTV Attribution Web Attribution Protect Fraud Prevention Access Marketing ETL ELT & Reverse ETL Audience Management Optimize Benchmarks Ad Monetization Creative IQ Product Tour Hub Singular AI Marketing Analytics Measure Protect Access Optimize Industries Agencies E-commerce Finance Food & Drink Gaming Kids Apps Travel Web3 FEATURED Cross-platform Gaming UA: Stats, trends, and strategies Save Your Spot Agencies E-commerce Finance Food & Drink Gaming Kids Apps Travel Web3 Why Singular Customers Love Us Success Stories Security & Compliance Why switch to Singular? Product Tour Hub FEATURED Leading marketers are moving to Singular Learn More Customers Love Us Success Stories Security & Compliance Why switch to Singular? Product Tour Hub Resources Blog Webinars Workshop Podcast Guides SKAdNetwork Resource Hub Android Privacy Sandbox Simulator Glossary Press FEATURED Guide to the biggest shifts in mobile advertising Get my copy Blog Webinars Workshop Podcast Guides SKAdNetwork Resource Hub Android Privacy Sandbox Simulator Glossary Press Company About us Leadership Careers Contact Us Pricing Search Book a Demo Start Free Solutions Solutions Analytics Marketing Analytics Cost Aggregation Integrations Solutions Measure Mobile Attribution SKAdNetwork Attribution Deep Linking Cross-device Attribution Solutions Protect Solutions Access Access Audience Management Solutions Optimize Benchmarks Ad Monetization Creative Analytics Analytics Measure Protect Access Optimize Resources Resources Blog Resources Webinars Resources Workshop Resources Podcast Resources Guides Resources SKAdNetwork Resource Hub Resources SKAdNetwork Adoption Resources Android Privacy Sandbox Simulator Resources Glossary Resources Press Blog Webinars Workshop Podcast Guides SKAdNetwork Resource Hub SKAdNetwork Adoption Android Privacy Sandbox Simulator Glossary Press Company Company About us Company Leadership Company Careers Company Contact us About us Leadership Careers Contact us Pricing Book a demo Log in Search Singular Smarter Insights Faster Growth Powered by AI The end-to-end marketing platform to unify and move your data effortlessly, measure True ROI, and scale faster with AI. Schedule a demo Start free Trusted by the world’s top brands AI-super powers for modern marketers Level-up your team with AI solutions built to accelerate growth. Explore Singular’s AI solutions 5X ROI 20+ Hours Saved 70% Reduction in CPI The unified measurement and AI insight platform for modern marketers The end-to-end attribution and analytics platform for driving faster growth with smarter ROl insights, powered by AI. Unify all your marketing data in one place Singular unifies all your marketing data streams — from spend to attribution, giving you a consistent source of truth across all your channels. Measure every moment with omni-channel attribution Track and analyse cross platform performance of all your users across their entire lifecycle. Protect your growth investment AI powered insights and comprehensive dashboards based on the most accurate data, giving you unparalleled insights into your marketing performance. Scale campaigns that drive ROI Stop performance ad fraud before it happens. Singular has the most proven methods including adaptive detection, and customisable rules with full transparency. Build seamless user journeys From deep links to dynamic banners and synced audiences, move your users seamlessly from discovery to conversion. Activate your data analysis Unlock new data streams with ETL & reverse-ETL, advanced audiences, faster CAPIs, AI-agents, and MCP integrations. It’s not about whether the other MMPs have less or more features. It’s that when there is an issue, which inevitably happens with any MMP, Singular is very quick to act and figure out a solution with us. Gus Viegas Head of Growth, Lessmore Singular stood out as the solution willing to work directly with the compliance partners to figure out what was needed [to build a compliant kids app measurement solution]. Stefano Accossato Head of UA & Ad Monetization, TutuToons We needed to aggregate all of our performance and creative data in a single place. With our previous provider, we had to pull our data from their API and build our own internal dashboards. Edouard Favier User Acquisition Director, A Thinking Ape Our success is Singular’s success, and we really feel that. The first thing I do when evaluating a new tool is to figure out if we’re real partners or just a number on a spreadsheet. Said Salles Co-Founder & CGO, Pipa Studios When I think of Singular, I think of reliable, accurate, and timely analytics, super responsive and knowledgeable support team, and ease of exporting and consuming the data. Rajat Kumar Director, Product Growth – OYO 4.6 Mobile attribution score on G2 Start my free trial today Schedule a call with our representative Book a demo Your insights start here Report Q4 2025 Quarterly Trends Report Link Analytics , Attribution , Blog , Product Updates Stop guessing, start proving: Why Singular Incrementality is more than just another analytics tool Analytics , Attribution , Blog , Product Updates Advanced assists and multi-touch attribution: unlock true channel value with Singular Analytics , Attribution , Blog , Growth , Product Updates Singular’s enhanced integration with Amazon Ads is now live in open-beta for customers via Android Analytics , Attribution , Blog , Growth , Product Updates TikTok iOS real-time reporting is here (and it runs on Singular) Ready to drive faster growth with smarter insights? Book a demo About Company Careers Contact Us Integrations Help center Why Singular Customers Love Us Success Stories Security & Compliance Pricing Featured Articles What is mobile attribution? What is deep linking? What is ETL? What is an MMP? 2025 © Singular Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Notice Terms Notifications