SIPC - Securities Investor Protection Corporation Español Broker-Dealer Portal Search Query About SIPC Who We Are We are a non-profit corporation that has been protecting investors for 50 years. We work to restore investors’ cash and securities when their brokerage firm fails. SIPC has recovered billions of dollars for investors. Mission SIPC works to restore investors’ assets when a brokerage firm fails financially. History and Track Record SIPC has restored billions of dollars for investors. Leadership Our job is to recover missing assets if your brokerage firm fails financially. The SIPC Logo The SIPC logo means your assets are protected under the Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). The SIPC Fund SIPC maintains resources from which we can draw to restore customer assets. Statute and Rules SIPC is a non-profit corporation created by Congress some 50 years ago. SIPC Annual Report The year in review. Brochures Download or view SIPC brochures here. Cases & Claims Cases & Claims Find claim forms and deadlines for open cases here. SIPC has restored billions of dollars for investors. Filing Deadlines When you file matters. Filing deadlines explained. How To File a Claim Claim FAQs All Open Cases Cases that are still being processed. How a Liquidation Works Steps SIPC takes to recover customer assets when a brokerage firm fails financially. How The Claims Process Works What happens when you file a claim. For Investors How We Protect You SIPC has recovered billions of dollars for investors. Our job is to recover missing cash or securities if your brokerage firm has gone out of business. SIPC has issued Investor Bulletins explaining SIPC’s protection and claims process. Click here for Part I ("SIPC Basics"). Click here for Part II ("Filing a SIPC Claim"). SIPC does not protect digital asset securities that are investment contracts that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, even if held by a SIPC member brokerage firm. What is SIPC? Click here for a brief introduction How SIPC Protects You First 50 years of protection When SIPC Gets Involved SIPC steps in when a brokerage firm fails financially, and assets are missing from customer accounts. What SIPC Protects SIPC protects customer assets when a SIPC-member brokerage firm fails financially. Investors with Multiple Accounts Understand how SIPC protection works if you have multiple accounts. Investor FAQs Find answers to your questions. Fraud Alerts See our latest fraud alerts to protect yourself. Protecting Yourself Against Fraud Steps you can take to protect yourself from fraud. SIPC Annual Report The year in review. Brochures Download or view SIPC brochures here. For Member Firms For Member Firms SIPC member brokerage firms can find information here about filing requirements, the SIPC assessment, and the SIPC logo. Member Information Guidelines and tools for SIPC member brokerage firms. Assessment Rate Member FAQs SIPC Logo Rules Order Brochures, Signs, and Decals Fraud Alerts See our latest fraud alerts to protect yourself. Portal Information Information about the SIPC Broker-Dealer Portal. Portal Webinar Watch a webinar about the SIPC Broker-Dealer Portal. Member Filing Requirements Questions about filing requirements? Call the membership department at (202) 371-8300 or email form@sipc.org . How To File Your Assessment Forms (SIPC-6/SIPC-7) How to File Your Annual Report How To File Your Agreed-Upon Procedures (AUP) Report How To File Your Form SIPC-3 Portal Information Information about the SIPC broker-dealer portal. Portal Introduction Portal FAQs Portal Administrator Delegation How To File Portal Forms SIPC Broker-Dealer Portal Pay Your Assessment News & Media News & Media News releases, brochures, reports, and more. News Releases Speeches and Testimony Brochures Annual Reports In the Media Media Contact Contact Us List Of Members Search Query About SIPC > Cases & Claims > For Investors > For Member Firms > News & Media > Broker-Dealer Portal > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back About SIPC Mission > History and Track Record > Leadership > The SIPC Logo > The SIPC Fund > Statute and Rules > SIPC Annual Report > Brochures > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back Cases & Claims Filing Deadlines > All Open Cases > How To File a Claim > Claim FAQs > How a Liquidation Works > How The Claims Process Works > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back For Investors When SIPC Gets Involved > What SIPC Protects > Investors with Multiple Accounts > Investor FAQs > Fraud Alerts > Protecting Yourself Against Fraud > SIPC Annual Report > Brochures > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back For Member Firms Assessment Rate > Portal Introduction > Member FAQs > Portal FAQs > Portal Administrator Delegation > SIPC Logo Rules > How To File Portal Forms > Order Brochures, Signs, and Decals > Fraud Alerts > How To File Your Assessment Forms (SIPC-6/SIPC-7) > How to File Your Annual Report > Portal Information > Portal Webinar > How To File Your Agreed-Upon Procedures (AUP) Report > How To File Your Form SIPC-3 > Pay Assessments > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back News & Media News Releases > Speeches and Testimony > Brochures > Annual Reports > In the Media > Media Contact > Collapse Navigation Contact Us List Of Members Fraud Alerts: See our latest fraud alerts to protect yourself. Click Here For More Information Malicious actors may attempt to impersonate SIPC employees in fraudulent e-mails or on documents appearing to bear a SIPC seal and/or officer or employee signature.
                If an e-mail or document is suspicious, please contact SIPC to confirm its authenticity.
                Malicious actors also may pose as SIPC through false or fraudulent websites that mimic SIPC's web site.
                Beware of any websites using similar domain names to SIPC's or that resemble SIPC’s website except for certain contact information.
                SIPC's official website appears exclusively at www.sipc.org.
                For any questions or concerns, contact SIPC at 202-371-8300 or by manually addressing an email to asksipc@sipc.org . For Investors For Member Firms Cases & Claims SIPC has issued Investor Bulletins explaining SIPC’s protection and claims process. Click here for Part I ("SIPC Basics"). Click here for Part II ("Filing a SIPC Claim"). A Brief Introduction Watch The Video If you have trouble viewing the video, please click here to view it on YouTube or click here to view it on Facebook . We are a non-profit corporation that has been protecting investors for over 50 years. SIPC has recovered billions of dollars for investors. Created by Congress in 1970, SIPC celebrated 50 years of protecting investors in 2020. Read the Special Anniversary Report here Watch the Anniversary Video Important Information for Investors Claim Filing Deadlines When you file matters. Filing deadlines explained. Is Your Broker a SIPC Member? SIPC protects the customers of over 3,200 members. Open Cases Cases that are still being processed. Home About SIPC Cases & Claims For Investors For Member Firms News & Media Contact Us List of Members Broker-Dealer Portal Search Español Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Get In Touch Securities Investor Protection Corporation 1667 K St. N.W., Suite 1000 Washington, D.C. 20006-1620 Telephone: (202) 371-8300 Fax: (202) 223-1679 Email: asksipc@sipc.org