Intelligent Data Analytics Software - Sisense Skip to Main Content Menu Platform Capabilities Cloud Composable Embedded analytics Connectivity Data modeling Data visualization Sisense Intelligence Trust and security Extensions Marketplace Solutions Use Cases Insights to action Build your way Analytics for everyone Industries Financial services Healthcare and pharma Supply chain Technology Manufacturing Developers Documentation Playground Git integration Github Resources Explore Blog Customer stories Events and webinars Guides and reports Whitepapers Community Documentation Learn Glossary Support Sisense Academy About Company Partners Newsroom Demo Embedded analytics platform Modern apps require modern analytics Sisense delivers an AI-powered analytics platform that makes modeling, visualizing, customizing, and integrating analytics effortless. Try free Watch demo Bridge the gap between insights and action Sisense Intelligence helps app creators and developers deliver smarter, embedded analytics with AI-driven features that guide users to better, faster decisions, right where they work. Build smarter, in less time Whether you’re designing new dashboards or embedding analytics into your product, Sisense Intelligence simplifies every step with intuitive, AI-powered tools. Generate insights, model data, and build end-to-end analytics experiences without the usual complexity. Learn more × Report Accelerating embedded analytics: From build vs. buy to hybrid solutions Learn more Blog The top 10 embedded analytics platforms Learn more Webinar Demo series: Design dashboards your users will want to use Learn more Report AI-powered analytics: How decision-making will transform by 2027 Learn more Case study How Measuremen transformed workplace analytics with Sisense Learn more Report The shift from BI dashboards to embedded insights: What 500+ data leaders are doing next Learn more "At the end of the day, we aren’t in the analytics business, it made sense to bring in the experts." —Scott Olson VP of Engineering, Bigtincan Read the Bigtincan case study "We went from custom application development to the ability to rapidly change something on the dashboard and then publish it again in real-time within the production environment—without sacrificing any of the security. That really helped us level up." -Devin Vyain Senior Solutions Architect, Barrios Read the Barrios case study “We’re trying to enable our teams and coaches around the country to think in new ways and to look at data in different ways, and Sisense is helping us to do that.” -Patrick Murphy Senior Director of Data and Product, USA Swimming Read the USA Swimming case study “Now that we’ve built the dashboards and templates with Sisense, nonprofits can simply check our library for the report template they need, and they’re off and running.” -Tony Sasso Chief Product Officer, Funraise Read the funraise case study "With Sisense's AI capabilities, we are able to easily translate complex data, streamline interpretation (identifying gaps and trends in the data), and identify key impacts with speed that is changing the way we can react (While managing the risks) during clinical trials. Providing important insights into patient safety and making data surveillance more efficient." —Tanya du Plessis Chief Data Strategist and Solutions Officer, Bioforum The leader in embedded analytics with 500+ 5-star reviews Connect, collaborate, and exchange ideas Join the Sisense Community Start your free trial Get a full-featured 7-day trial with guided sample data, or bring your own. No setup required. Seamless analytics, right in your workflow. Try free Analytics that make sense. Book a live demo Search for: Platform Cloud Compose Embedded analytics Connectivity Data modeling Sisense Intelligence Trust and security Sisense About Awards Customer stories Pricing Newsroom Careers Trust and security Contact us Support Support portal Community Documentation Partner resources Resources Blog Marketplace Sisense Academy Developer Portal Brand Portal Privacy policy Legal Privacy policy Legal Copyright © 2025 Sisense Ltd. All rights reserved.