SiteMinder: We put you in demand. Skip to main content Read the world's largest consumer research on hotels, SiteMinder's Changing Traveller Report 2026 , here Platform Features See all platform features Guest Acquisition Channel Manager Distribution to 450+ OTA’s Channels Plus Connect to multiple channels, all in one place Booking Engine Drive direct bookings Metasearch Appear on top metasearch sites GDS Connect to corporate travel programs Revenue Management Business Intelligence Real-time performance insights Dynamic Revenue Plus Pricing recommendations and market performance Guest Experience Website Builder Create a professional, customisable website Payments Seamless online payment processing Guest Engagement Enhance your guest experience Operations Mobile App Stay in control with the SiteMinder mobile app Multi-Property Centralised distribution management Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Contact sales Integrations See all integrations Property Technology Property Management System (PMS) Sync your property management system for automated updates. Revenue Management Systems (RMS) Analyse demand, competition, and booking patterns. Central Reservations Systems (CRS) Centralise reservations from multiple sources. Distribution Online Travel Agencies (OTAs) Expand reach with global OTAs like Booking.com and Expedia. Wholesalers Distribute inventory through wholesalers and specialists. Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Resources Resources Resources Blog Case Studies Events Support Downloads Company About Us Investor Relations Media Center Careers Billing and Payments Partner with SiteMinder Partner Program Developer Guide Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Pricing EN Français Deutsch Español Italiano Português ไทย Log In Get started Contact sales Get started Log In Platform Features See all platform features Guest Acquisition Channel Manager Distribution to 450+ OTA’s Channels Plus Connect to multiple channels, all in one place Booking Engine Drive direct bookings Metasearch Appear on top metasearch sites GDS Connect to corporate travel programs Revenue Management Business Intelligence Real-time performance insights Dynamic Revenue Plus Pricing recommendations and market performance Guest Experience Website Builder Create a professional, customisable website Payments Seamless online payment processing Guest Engagement Enhance your guest experience Operations Mobile App Stay in control with the SiteMinder mobile app Multi-Property Centralised distribution management Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Contact sales Integrations See all integrations Property Technology Property Management System (PMS) Sync your property management system for automated updates. Revenue Management Systems (RMS) Analyse demand, competition, and booking patterns. Central Reservations Systems (CRS) Centralise reservations from multiple sources. Distribution Online Travel Agencies (OTAs) Expand reach with global OTAs like Booking.com and Expedia. Wholesalers Distribute inventory through wholesalers and specialists. Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Resources Resources Resources Blog Case Studies Events Support Downloads Company About Us Investor Relations Media Center Careers Billing and Payments Partner with SiteMinder Partner Program Developer Guide Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Pricing Turn traveller insights into your next revenue opportunity. Uncover the findings → Contact sales EN Français Deutsch Español Italiano Português ไทย Most awarded hotel Platform – Chosen by hoteliers We put you in demand. control. sync. action. the lead. SiteMinder redefines guest acquisition and revenue management to put your hotel in demand. 50,000 hotels | 2.4m rooms | 1 trusted platform Get started Watch demo Marina Resort Benidorm, Spain “In six months SiteMinder helped us improve occupancy by 15%. Today, we spend 70% less time managing rates.” Marina Resort Benidorm, Spain VOMO Island Resort, Fiji “With SiteMinder, VOMO has seen strong revenue growth, with the booking engine delivering a 79% uplift and new channels showing triple-digit gains.” VOMO Island Resort, Fiji Hotel Luze Castellana, Madrid Hotel Luze Castellana, Madrid Potato Head, Indonesia “Since implementing SiteMinder bookings jumped 38%, and both revenue & occupancy increased.” Potato Head, Indonesia The Phala Group, Indonesia “Revenue increased, and we are also more efficient in terms of time; we can get more work done.” The Phala Group, Indonesia Luna Volcán, Ecuador “With SiteMinder, our RevPAR grew 354% and our room nights sold quadrupled.” Luna Volcán, Ecuador Anantara Desaru Hotels & Resorts, Malaysia Anantara Desaru Hotels & Resorts, Malaysia The Views Monumental, Portugal The Views Monumental, Portugal Latroupe Hostels, Europe Latroupe Hostels, Europe Marina Resort Benidorm, Spain “In six months SiteMinder helped us improve occupancy by 15%. Today, we spend 70% less time managing rates.” Marina Resort Benidorm, Spain VOMO Island Resort, Fiji “With SiteMinder, VOMO has seen strong revenue growth, with the booking engine delivering a 79% uplift and new channels showing triple-digit gains.” VOMO Island Resort, Fiji Hotel Luze Castellana, Madrid Hotel Luze Castellana, Madrid Potato Head, Indonesia “Since implementing SiteMinder bookings jumped 38%, and both revenue & occupancy increased.” Potato Head, Indonesia The Phala Group, Indonesia “Revenue increased, and we are also more efficient in terms of time; we can get more work done.” The Phala Group, Indonesia Luna Volcán, Ecuador “With SiteMinder, our RevPAR grew 354% and our room nights sold quadrupled.” Luna Volcán, Ecuador Anantara Desaru Hotels & Resorts, Malaysia Anantara Desaru Hotels & Resorts, Malaysia The Views Monumental, Portugal The Views Monumental, Portugal Latroupe Hostels, Europe Latroupe Hostels, Europe Real hotels. Real wins. Real results — powered by SiteMinder. Read more about Luna Volcán’s success +1.7 nights longer stays. 3x more revenue. +24% booking lead time. 4x more room nights sold. +1.7 nights longer stays. 3x more revenue. +24% booking lead time. 4x more room nights sold. Platform features Fill every room with precision, revenue and your ideal guest. SiteMinder brings together everything hoteliers need to find, convert and optimise their ideal guests at the right price, in one seamless platform. See all platform features Guest Acquisition Revenue Management Guest Experience Guest Acquisition All the right connections to ensure you’re visible across the world’s largest distribution network. Channel Manager Channels Plus Direct Bookings Metasearch GDS Manage your rates and availability across 450+ booking channels Learn more Expand into new markets with easy access to specialised booking partners Learn more Convert more guests with a commission-free booking engine Learn more Boost visibility on Google, Trivago, and Tripadvisor with optimised listings Learn more Reach high-value corporate travellers and drive midweek occupancy Learn more Revenue Management Tap into real-time price recommendations and market insights to ensure you maximise every revenue opportunity. Dynamic Revenue Plus Business Intelligence Get tailored pricing recommendations powered by real-time market data. Learn more Make smarter decisions with real-time reporting and competitor insights Learn more Guest Experience Deliver an optimised guest experience that converts more guests. Guest Engagement Payments Website Builder Enhance guest experience and drive revenue with streamlined communications Learn more Secure, hotel-optimised payment processing that simplifies operations Learn more Build a professional, mobile-optimised hotel website in minutes Learn more Guest Acquisition All the right connections to ensure you’re visible across the world’s largest distribution network. Channel Manager Manage your rates and availability across 450+ booking channels Channels Plus Expand into new markets with easy access to specialised booking partners Direct Bookings Convert more guests with a commission-free booking engine Metasearch Boost visibility on Google, Trivago, and Tripadvisor with optimised listings GDS Reach high-value corporate travellers and drive midweek occupancy Revenue Management Tap into real-time price recommendations and market insights to ensure you maximise every revenue opportunity. Dynamic Revenue Plus Get tailored pricing recommendations powered by real-time market data Business Intelligence Make smarter decisions with real-time reporting and competitor insights Guest Experience Deliver an optimised guest experience that converts more guests. Guest Engagement Enhance guest experience and drive revenue with streamlined communications Payments Secure, hotel-optimised payment processing that simplifies operations Website Builder Build a professional, mobile-optimised hotel website in minutes Turn reach into revenue. Every channel. Every guest. Every opportunity. SiteMinder gives you the power to compete and win by turning your hotel’s visibility into real, measurable revenue. Decide with clarity. Make confident decisions with AI-driven technology that transforms complex data into the most relevant, actionable insights for your property. Powering 130m+ annual reservations globally. Win with agility. Act faster with everything you need to make real-time adjustments, whether it’s at the desk or on the go. Real-time sync across all your systems in as little as 60 seconds. Optimise with control. Take charge by optimising your full distribution and revenue needs in one seamless connected platform. 450+ channels and 2150+ integrations. Operate with simplicity. Get your team operational from day one with customer led workflows. Simple to use, no extensive training required. 94% satisfaction for Ease of Use on HTR. Why choose SiteMinder? Get started Watch demo 19 years of proven performance Trusted by over 50,000 hotels Fast, simple, technology 24/7 multilingual support Security PCI certified and GDPR compliant Customer Stories Hear from real hoteliers. “SiteMinder links all of the distribution options – OTAs, GDS, Direct Booking etc. It’s dynamic, helps you manage pricing and keeps you up-to-date without being on the computer. Overall – SiteMinder is a 10/10 tool.” Southern Cross Motel, Australia “SiteMinder products are always so easy to use and navigate. The data and insights are excellent.” La Vie Hotels & Resorts, Australia “SiteMinder is easy to use and allows us flexibility in setting up different rate plans and packages to increase revenue and upsell opportunities.” Parkside Hotel & Apartments, Australia “I love the time that SiteMinder saves me by effortlessly combining everything into one system. It is a well oiled machine that is dependable, easy to maneuver and fast.” Quest Apartments, Australia “Easy to check the rates of Competitors & important insights at one place. SiteMinder gives you all the excess to important data in the market.” Signature Pattaya, Thailand “SiteMinder has been a game-changer in saving time and increasing efficiency across our distribution channels, providing a suite of features designed to handle the complex, dynamic demands of today’s online booking environment.” Nyaman Villas, Indonesia “SiteMinder links all of the distribution options – OTAs, GDS, Direct Booking etc. It’s dynamic, helps you manage pricing and keeps you up-to-date without being on the computer. Overall – SiteMinder is a 10/10 tool.” Southern Cross Motel, Australia “SiteMinder products are always so easy to use and navigate. The data and insights are excellent.” La Vie Hotels & Resorts, Australia “SiteMinder is easy to use and allows us flexibility in setting up different rate plans and packages to increase revenue and upsell opportunities.” Parkside Hotel & Apartments, Australia “I love the time that SiteMinder saves me by effortlessly combining everything into one system. It is a well oiled machine that is dependable, easy to maneuver and fast.” Quest Apartments, Australia “Easy to check the rates of Competitors & important insights at one place. SiteMinder gives you all the excess to important data in the market.” Signature Pattaya, Thailand “SiteMinder has been a game-changer in saving time and increasing efficiency across our distribution channels, providing a suite of features designed to handle the complex, dynamic demands of today’s online booking environment.” Nyaman Villas, Indonesia The most awarded hotel industry platform. Awarded 4 consecutive years Overall Hoteliers Choice Award Awarded 5 consecutive years Best Channel Manager “I can fully customise the booking engine to align with my brand, improving the customer experience and increasing conversion rates.” Ormond Group, Malaysia Awarded  3 consecutive years Best E-Commerce Platform “Demand Plus is an excellent package for driving direct bookings. It has helped increase our direct bookings by over 50% compared to the previous year.” Aotearoa Lodge and Tours, New Zealand “The detailed reporting tools have provided us with valuable insights into customer behaviour.” Parker Cottage Guesthouse, Cape Town “SiteMinder’s Website Builder has made it easy to maintain a beautiful and professional online presence.” Villa Varosh, Macedonia Awarded 4 consecutive years Overall Hoteliers Choice Award Awarded 5 consecutive years Best Channel Manager “I can fully customise the booking engine to align with my brand, improving the customer experience and increasing conversion rates.” Ormond Group, Malaysia Awarded  3 consecutive years Best E-Commerce Platform “Demand Plus is an excellent package for driving direct bookings. It has helped increase our direct bookings by over 50% compared to the previous year.” Aotearoa Lodge and Tours, New Zealand “The detailed reporting tools have provided us with valuable insights into customer behaviour.” Parker Cottage Guesthouse, Cape Town “SiteMinder’s Website Builder has made it easy to maintain a beautiful and professional online presence.” Villa Varosh, Macedonia Integrations Connect with us. Sell everywhere. Seamlessly connect SiteMinder with the systems you already use: PMS, RMS, CRS, payment gateways, and more. View all integrations Get started today. Join thousands of hoteliers transforming their guest acquisition and revenue strategy with SiteMinder. Get started Platform Features Hotel channel manager Hotel booking engine Hotel website builder Hotel business intelligence Hotel metasearch Hotel payment processing Channels Plus Guest Engagement Groups and Chains Global Distribution System Hotel App Store Integrations Integration Application Partner Programs Find an Expert PMS Finder OTA Connections All Integrations Resources Hotel Distribution Marketing Technology Hotel Trends & Advice Groups and Chains Case Studies Product Hub Product Updates AWS Emergent Company About Us Contact Support Billing and Payments Careers Recruitment Privacy Notice Media Centre Events Legal Security Investor Relations ESG Statement Australian WGEA Website Accessibility Statement © SiteMinder 2025 | Privacy Policy | Website Terms | Preferences Socials