Content-Driven Digital Experiences | Progress Sitefinity Progress® Recognized in The Forrester Wave™: Digital Experience Platforms, Q4 2025 Learn More skip navigation AI Progress Agentic RAG New AI Product Overview AI Thought Leadership Solutions Artificial Intelligence Develop the responsible AI-powered applications and experiences you need, deploy them where and how you want and manage it all with Progress AI-driven products. Data Platform Accelerate data, AI and analytics projects, manage costs and deliver enterprise growth with the Progress Data Platform. Digital Experience Real solutions for your organization and end users built with best of breed offerings, configured to be flexible and scalable with you. Infrastructure Management Progress infrastructure management products speed the time and reduce the effort required to manage your network, applications and underlying infrastructure. Federal Solutions Software products and services for federal government, defense and public sector. Products Data Platform Agentic RAG New MarkLogic Semaphore OpenEdge DataDirect Corticon Digital Experience Sitefinity Telerik Kendo UI Corticon DataDirect ShareFile Podio MOVEit DevOps Chef Infrastructure Management & Operations Flowmon Kemp LoadMaster WhatsUp Gold UI/UX Tools Telerik Kendo UI Fiddler Test Studio Document collaboration and File Transfer ShareFile Automate MFT New MOVEit WS_FTP View All Products Support Support By Product Customer Portal Download Center Support Guide Community Services Resources Resources Resource Center Papers Webinars Videos Documentation Knowledge Base Blogs Events Customer Stories FAQs Training Instructor-Led Training On-Demand Training Partners Find a Partner Become a Partner Partner Login Deal Registration New Company About Progress Company Overview Leadership Corporate Development Corporate Social Responsibility Federal Solutions News & Info Investor Relations Press Releases Trust Center Careers Offices Site search Search User SupportLink PartnerLink Telerik Your Account 1-800-477-6473 Ready to Talk? Site search GO Sitefinity ® Overview Platform Platform Overview Eliminate complexity—connect, secure and scale digital experiences. Cloud-Native CMS Customer Data Platform Integration Hub Advanced Security Development Hub Cut dev time—modern frameworks and frictionless extensibility. ASP.NET Core Next.js Angular What's New Discover the latest capabilities shaping your digital platform's future. Capabilities CMS Capabilities Marketing Autonomy AI Page Builder Drag-and-Drop Page Builder Digital Asset Management Website SEO Lean Operations Multisite Management Multilingual Experiences Content Sync Workflow Automation Future-Proof Foundations Headless and Hybrid CMS Composable DXP Open API Integrations Multichannel Management CDP Capabilities Audience & Intelligence Journey Analysis Audience Intelligence Data Integration Optimization & Personalization Content Personalization A/B Testing AI Solutions Unified Digital Experience Generative CMS New Web Content Management Digital Commerce Web Portals Enterprise Operations Enterprise CMS CMS Security and Compliance Audit Trail Industries Associations Education Energy & Utilities Financial Services Healthcare Resources Resource Center Blogs Whitepapers Webinars Videos FAQs Community Customer Spotlight Customer Stories Customer Validation Program User Awards For Developers Cloud Resources Documentation Trust Center See Plans Get Started Say Goodbye to Complexity— Meet the Last CMS You’ll Ever Need Build, personalize and scale customer-centric digital experiences with AI-powered visual tools for marketers and a robust platform for engineers and IT. Explore Sitefinity See Platform Capabilities: Content Management Personalization Development Platform Customer Data Insights Sitefinity Platform Content Management If Content Updates Take Days, Your CMS is Failing You Create and scale content faster with an award-winning editor. Build pages using drag-and-drop, no-code forms and advanced AI image search. Designed for zero-day onboarding, the Sitefinity CMS simplifies workflows and eliminates bottlenecks for users of all skill levels. Explore Content Management Personalization Static Content is Over. Engage with Every Click Personalize content on-page using customer segments built from web data—right within your CMS. No external tools or data science team needed. Gather data from 1000+ sources (CRM, MarTech) to create unified customer profiles and personalize in real time, at scale. Explore Personalization Development Platform Your Tech, Your Way. Unlock True Composability With headless APIs, webhooks, no-code integrations and business logic automation, you can seamlessly connect to the tools that matter for your business. Build, adapt and scale faster—your tech should work for you, not slow you down. Explore Sitefinity Connectivity Customer Data Insights Customer Data Isn’t a Luxury—It’s Your Superpower. Supercharge your content, reduce acquisition costs and boost campaign performance with native CDP tools and a smooth data flow. Track, analyze and optimize customer journeys by leveraging AI-driven customer insights — all in one place. Explore Sitefinity Insight Sitefinity Platform Focus on Your Growth. Let us do the Heavy Lifting Stop wasting time on upgrades, patches and deployments with a cloud-first platform that helps you stay secure, scalable and future-ready. Sitefinity delivers the agility you need to eliminate technical debt and evolve without re-platforming. Explore Sitefinity Platform A Platform That Works Smarter, So You Can Move Faster Sitefinity adapts to your needs—whether you're launching a brochure site, a high-traffic commerce platform or an enterprise-grade web portal. Marketing Leaders Built for lean marketing teams who manage it all—from SEO to growth engines AI-Powered Experiences Generate & personalize content instantly with built-in AI across every touchpoint Centralized Content Keep your brand consistent across global audiences on a single scalable platform Technical Professionals Built for engineers who take pride in secure, fast and future-ready sites and applications Headless-Ready Architecture Build once, deliver anywhere—web, mobile, and beyond—with ASP.NET Core & Next.js Cloud-Native Infrastructure Deploy flexibly & automate upgrades with a cloud-first, secure DevOps infrastructure Business Leaders Built for future-focused leaders seeking to stay ahead in an evolving digital landscape Enterprise Digital Operations Distribute content securely and at scale, handling massive traffic 24/7 Portal Solutions Unlock new revenue streams with a unified CX across brand sites and portals Agencies Built for digital agencies that prioritize speed, quality and flexibility, without compromise Flexible Content Architecture Leverage an extensible content architecture with ready-to-use content modules Platform Versatility Deploy quickly across finance , healthcare , government, digital commerce and more A Platform Trusted by Enterprises and Recognized by Industry Leaders Sitefinity is more than just a composable platform that makes analyst shortlists—it’s the preferred experience management solution powering a global audience of over 1 billion users. Why Companies Who Demand More than Just Content Management Rely on Sitefinity 1b Global Users 12k Websites 5k Dev Community 500+ Global Partners Scales with Your Ambitions Improve performance as your web traffic grows for expanded reach. Scale for high demand or enterprise growth, without unnecessary overhead. Inspires You to Think Bigger Power multisite experiences, reusable components and flexible styling. Eliminate duplicate work, stay creative and maintain focus—without the multitasking chaos. Helps You Move Faster Prioritize platform functionality over brochure appeal. With Sitefinity, developers and IT teams can build with confidence while marketers stay in control. Guide Vendor Selection Guide Discover effective vendor selection strategies with our guide. Download Guide First-class Services & Support for Our Customers & Partners From implementation to onboarding and optimization, our support, services and partner ecosystem are here to help you go further, faster. Customer Success & CVP Shape the product roadmap, request features, share ideas and connect with thousands of fellow Sitefinity customers. Consulting Services Simplify planning for infrastructure, system architecture and critical project needs with Progress Professional Services. Support & Upgrades Leverage tailored support services to address issues, prevent downtime and efficiently achieve business objectives. Training & Certification Maximize your Sitefinity skills with self-paced, on-demand or instructor-led courses. Available for all levels, online or in person. Frequently Asked Questions Can I deploy Sitefinity CMS in the Cloud? The Sitefinity platform offers a full spectrum of deployment options to suit different business needs, including on-premises (self-hosted or via a partner), a cloud-based Azure-hosted Platform as a Service (PaaS) and a fully managed Software as a Service (SaaS) model. This flexibility lets organizations choose how to host their composable DXP : they can maintain full control with an on-premises deployment or enjoy the convenience of cloud hosting via Sitefinity Cloud (PaaS) on Microsoft Azure. For companies without extensive IT resources, Sitefinity’s SaaS option provides a turnkey always-on and always-current cloud solution— the Sitefinity platform is managed and updated by Progress, so the business can focus on delivering digital experiences while the vendor handles infrastructure, security and maintenance. Can Sitefinity CMS integrate with CRM, ERP and other systems of record or MarTech tools? The Sitefinity platform comes with robust integration and extensibility tools that make it easy to connect with other systems such as SalesForce, HubSpot, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Eloqua etc. Its Integration Hub (built on a leading iPaaS platform, Workato) enables low-code connectivity to 1,000+ third-party applications and data sources, allowing organizations to automate workflows and sync data with a recipe-based low-code approach and without the need for custom development. The platform also supports webhooks (service hooks) that let you trigger external services when events occur in the CMS—for example, sending an HTTP POST to another application whenever content is published. This facilitates a straightforward real-time integration with minimal coding. Additionally, the Sitefinity platform exposes open, well-documented APIs (including a full RESTful content API and GraphQL support) so developers can easily extend the CMS solution or integrate it with virtually any external system, ensuring that it fits into a wider composable tech stack. Does Sitefinity CMS support front-end development with ASP.NET Core/Next.js and a headless CMS architecture? The Sitefinity platform is built as a hybrid-headless CMS , supporting modern front-end frameworks while still empowering content creators. It provides out-of-the-box renderer applications for both Next.js (React) and ASP.NET Core, meaning developers can decouple the presentation layer and build front-ends using these technologies to deliver content via APIs. Notably, the ASP.NET Core and Next.js renderers come pre-integrated and hosted in Sitefinity’s SaaS environment by default. All supported front-end frameworks maintain full feature parity—marketers get the same drag-and-drop page building, personalization and editing experience in Sitefinity CMS’ interface regardless of whether the site is running on .NET Core or Next.js. Under the hood, the Sitefinity platform follows an API-first approach with robust REST and OData/GraphQL endpoints, so any front-end (Next.js, Angular, React, etc.) can consume content headlessly and deliver consistent omnichannel experiences . What embedded Gen AI and Machine-Learning (ML) capabilities does Sitefinity CMS include to enhance content creation and personalization? Progress Sitefinity CMS incorporates a range of embedded AI features —from content generation to personalization—to streamline digital content creation and optimization. For example, it offers AI-assisted content authoring through an integration with Azure OpenAI services, enabling editors to generate, summarize or improve text right within the rich text editor using pre-built and customizable AI prompts. These AI capabilities are built-in yet extensible through guided AI prompts. The platform also provides intelligent image search and AI-powered translation tools to boost productivity. Furthermore, Sitefinity’s CDP (Customer Data Platform) and personalization module (Sitefinity Insight) leverage machine learning for audience segmentation and content recommendations—it can automatically discover visitor segments based on behavior and suggest or personalize content for each group—helping marketers deliver relevant experiences at scale. The Sitefinity platform also allows integration of custom AI models or configurations, so organizations can tailor the AI to their specific content strategy and governance requirements. Does Sitefinity CMS offer multi-site, multi-language and multi-channel content delivery to support global digital experiences? The Sitefinity solution is designed to handle complex multi-site and multi-language scenarios with ease, acting as a centralized content hub for global digital experiences. A single Sitefinity instance lets you manage multiple websites (and microsites or portals) and serve diverse regions from one place— you can maintain content in multiple languages and tailor it to different locales, all while ensuring consistent branding and governance across sites. Thanks to Sitefinity’s headless CMS capabilities, you can create content once and reuse it across multiple channels : the platform allows you to distribute the same content to your main website, mobile apps, customer portals, digital kiosks or any other channel via flexible content APIs. This content-as-a-service approach means updates are instantaneous and consistent—a marketing team can publish a piece of content or update a product description in Sitefinity CMS, and that change is delivered in real time to all connected sites and channels, providing a unified omnichannel experience for audiences worldwide. Ready to Elevate Your Digital Experiences? Built for what’s next—if you’re ready to move, Sitefinity is ready to get you there. Get a Demo How to Buy All Sitefinity Resources Getting Started Try Now Get a Demo How to Buy Contact Sales Find a Partner Education Blogs FAQs Marketer Glossary Developer Glossary Resource Center Support Community & Support Center Documentation Trust Center Upgrade Support What’s New Technology Data Platform Digital Experience DevOps Infrastructure Management & Operations UI/UX Tools Document Collaboration and File Transfer Quick Links Products Trials Services Partners Support Events Blogs About Company Customer Stories Awards Investor relations Offices Careers 40 Years of Progress Contact us Global Headquarters, USA 1-800-477-6473 or find a local contact Copyright © 2025 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved. Progress and certain product names used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. See Trademarks for appropriate markings. All rights in any other trademarks contained herein are reserved by their respective owners and their inclusion does not imply an endorsement, affiliation, or sponsorship as between Progress and the respective owners. Terms of Use Privacy Center Trust Center Trademarks License Agreements Code of Conduct Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Powered by Progress Sitefinity - Sitefinity CMS - Sitefinity CMS Deutsch - Sitefinity CMS - Sitefinity CMS