Ecommerce Retention & Engagement Platform | SiteVibes Skip to content Why SiteVibes Products Loyalty Reviews Email Marketing SMS Marketing Shoppable UGC Social Proof B2B Edition Pricing Resources Case Studies Partners Blog X Login Get a demo Your ecommerce retention and engagement technology, in one platform. Turn first-time buyers into lifelong customers with a fully connected platform that brings loyalty, reviews, email marketing, and social proof together in one place. Personalize every interaction and build stronger relationships that grow customer value over time. Get a demo SiteVibes Solutions One platform. Every tool to grow retention. Consolidate your tech stack with a single platform built to scale—combining engagement and retention tools that power growth across B2C, B2B, and retail. Loyalty & Referrals Reward customers, boost retention, and drive word-of-mouth with a fully customizable loyalty and referral program built to grow lifetime value and encourage repeat purchases. Discover Loyalty Ratings & Reviews Collect and display real customer reviews to build trust, increase conversions, and gather valuable insights—complete with Q&A, AI summaries, and customizable display options. Discover Reviews Email Marketing Deliver personalized, data-driven email campaigns using first-party data, loyalty insights, and behavior triggers to drive engagement, repeat purchases, and revenue growth. Discover Email Marketing Social Proof & Trends Show real-time shopper activity and trending products to create urgency, build trust, and guide purchase decisions—powered by live data and personalized engagement signals. Discover Social Proof Shoppable UGC Turn customer photos and social content into high-converting product galleries. Inspire trust, boost discovery, and make user-generated content instantly shoppable across your site. Discover Shoppable UGC SiteVibes Advantage The platform built for future-proofing retention Retention strategies are evolving—your platform should too. Connect loyalty, reviews, email marketing , and social proof  in one solution built to engage today’s customers and tomorrow’s. Lower cost of ownership SiteVibes consolidates loyalty, reviews, email marketing , UGC, and social proof into one platform—reducing tech stack complexity, cutting costs, and maximizing ROI as you scale. Increase revenue Drive higher conversions and stronger customer loyalty across every touchpoint—helping you grow top-line revenue and expand engagement across more channels. Easy-to-Use Tools SiteVibes makes it easy to launch loyalty, reviews, email, and UGC programs with intuitive, flexible tools—designed so your team can move faster without heavy technical lift. Unified customer profile Loyalty, engagement, and purchase behavior come together in a single view—empowering smarter personalization and stronger experiences across every channel. Launch faster With our API-first design and pre-built integrations, you can launch quickly, scale easily, and customize every part of your retention and engagement strategy. Optimize performance Powering nearly 1 billion requests per month, SiteVibes delivers lightning-fast performance with 99.9% uptime and sub-100ms response times—no matter how much you grow. Seamless Integrations Integrate effortlessly with your favorite tools Elevate sales and stay ahead in the competitive market by easily integrating SiteVibes into your favorite tools. See all integrations Customer Testimonials Hear from our satisfied customers The best way to showcase our solution is through the experiences and stories of those who have partnered with us. The combination of reviews and loyalty, plus social content make SiteVibes a very compelling ecommerce offering for us. Ben Glass CEO - The Good Chocolate + 0 % Increase in conversion We're getting 40x the number of reviews vs. what we were with the native review functionality. Liz Huff Director of Operations - Anatomical Worldwide + 0 x New product reviews SiteVibes brings multiple key aspects of customer acquisition and retention under a single, integrated, branded interface. Ashley Rosilier CTO - abbyrose + 0 % Increase in conversion Get Started Ready to supercharge your business? Set up a demo of SiteVibes today! Get a demo Chicago, IL 60607 (312) 459-5057 Built with ❤️ in Chicago Products Loyalty & Referrals Reviews & Ratings Email Marketing Shoppable UGC Social Proof Resources Support center Developer Docs Status Integrations View all BigCommerce Shopify Adobe Magento Company About us Careers Hiring Partners Why SiteVibes? Legal Center Trust Center Privacy Policy Icon-linkedin Icon-twitter-1 Icon-facebook Icon-instagram1 Youtube