SiteHost - Cloud Containers, Hosting, Servers, VPS – SiteHost SiteHost Hosting Cloud Containers Our most popular hosting platform scales and flexes with you. Linux Virtual Servers Run Linux on your own fast, powerful server. Windows Virtual Servers Run Windows on your own High Performance server. Virtual Dedicated Servers Large amounts of dedicated resources at virtualised prices. Dedicated Servers Get the whole server to yourself for the ultimate in power and control. GPU Hosting Massive computing power for AI, LLMs, remote desktops and more Private Cloud Unique tools to deploy virtual servers onto custom hardware. Not sure what you need? Compare all our hosting options and products. Services 24/7 Management Enterprise Solutions SiteHost API Domains Domains Reseller Domains and Email Data Centre Colocation Infrastructure About About Us Our Team Blog Customer Kudos Careers Release Notes Contact Log In Sign Up Powerful Hosting & Fast Support Fast, reliable hosting is your key to a happier and more productive business. See how it feels to stop worrying about hosting. Join SiteHost Get in Touch Run a wide range of apps and sites on different images with ease Our 59+ container images not quite enough? Build your own custom containers Choose an out-of-the-box container image to run apps and sites on different environments Cloud Containers, our powerful and simple-to-use hosting platform Monitor server health and get automatic alerts See each container’s disk, memory, and CPU usage Track bandwidth usage, from hourly to yearly Quickly clone containers to test updates and push changes back Run a wide range of apps and sites on different images with ease Our 59+ container images not quite enough? Build your own custom containers Choose an out-of-the-box container image to run apps and sites on different environments Cloud Containers, our powerful and simple-to-use hosting platform Monitor server health and get automatic alerts See each container’s disk, memory, and CPU usage Track bandwidth usage, from hourly to yearly Quickly clone containers to test updates and push changes back Scroll to reveal more features One website or 10,000 Hosting and servers Find the hosting that your business needs, from set-and-forget Cloud Containers to your own servers or even an entire Private Cloud. Join 4600+ developers and businesses across New Zealand who have put their trust in SiteHost. See all hosting options Join SiteHost High Performance Cloud Containers Our popular developer-friendly platform, now nearly 5× faster. From $55 /mo Cloud Containers Most popular. A fast, flexible, easy hosting platform. Containers like you've never seen. From $35 /mo Linux High Performance Virtual Servers When performance is key, run Linux on servers that outsprint standard Linux VMs by almost 5×. From $40 /mo Linux Virtual Servers (VPS) Run Linux on a scalable server that always offers your full resource allocation. From $30 /mo Windows High Performance Virtual Servers Configurable Windows hosting. Unshared, scalable resources on blistering fast hardware. From $75 /mo Virtual Dedicated Servers Massive dedicated drives tuned for either storage or performance, at virtualised prices. From $170 /mo Select a domain: Search .nz $39.50 /yr .au $36.00 /yr .com $39.00 /yr .org .uk .info .net .co +50 more options Domain is available! Good search. Log into or create your account to get this domain. Domain is taken Sorry, is already taken, try another search. Domain is taken Domain is unsupported Sorry, is an unsupported domain. You can view the full list of supported domains in the Control Panel . Domain names Over 50 top-level domains Easily manage any number of domains Our feature-rich control panel and API both offer domain reseller functionality, bulk domain management, DNS management, and more. More about Domains Customer feedback SiteHost customers are happy customers Our social media mentions, direct feedback from customers, ratings and reviews all tell us the same thing. It's simple, we've got our own custom Docker images that we can deploy and get up and running within a couple of minutes. The ease of getting it up on SiteHost is great. Anything that's Silverstripe or that kind of PHP project would be going onto SiteHost Cloud Containers. Read the full story Ryan O'Hara Director, Voyage Running Craft CMS websites on SiteHost's solid managed containerised platform allows us to concentrate on building without having to worry about managing backups, server upgrades and software upgrades. It’s reliable, secure and cost effective. Read the full story Mark Director, The Fold The first time we worked together, you helped us with an unglamourous and challenging migration. The helpful, responsive and caring nature of how you did that was a critical part in our decision to move the rest of our business to SiteHost. Read the full story Brendan Jarvis Managing Founder, The Space InBetween Hey @sitehostnz , your support constantly knocks me over. I just got a phonecall checking in as a site had a critical error. Love your work! #HostLocal See on Twitter Anna-bolism @I_Grow_Things Great company to deal with. Very professional and responsive. Highly recommended ★★★★★ See all our Google Reviews Jesse Gray Google reviewer SiteHost make everything easy. Great product, but most importantly for us is the speed of support when we need it. Highly recommended. ★★★★★ Read Kevin's review Kevin A. Trustpilot reviewer A great team at your service Expert support and service, every hour of every day Every SiteHost customer has access to our in-house Support Team, which includes engineers. We respond in minutes, not hours, and we solve problems fast. Beyond that, you can add Managed Services and have our experts proactively monitor and maintain your infrastructure around the clock. See Managed Services Truly reliable service We have built the infrastructure and support team that your business can rely on, but we'll let the numbers do the talking. 1000's of brands big and small trust us SiteHost is proudly trusted by thousands of great developers, designers, and businesses. Here are just a select few of those. 1000's of brands big and small trust us SiteHost is proudly trusted by thousands of great developers, designers, and businesses. Here are just a select few of those. Ready to Get Started? Join SiteHost Get in Touch Great advice Ask us anything 24/7 Expert support 99.9% Uptime guarantee Systems Status: SiteHost Get Started Log In Sign Up Connect with us NZ: 0800 484 537 AU: 02 9098 8242 : Contact Us Hosting Cloud Containers Linux Virtual Servers Windows Virtual Servers Virtual Dedicated Servers Dedicated Servers Private Cloud GPU Hosting WordPress Hosting Craft CMS Hosting Silverstripe Hosting Magento Hosting Umbraco Hosting Drupal Hosting CMS Hosting Government Hosting International Hosting AI Hosting Remote Desktop Hosting VPS Hosting After CentOS Services 24/7 Management Enterprise Solutions SiteHost API Domains Domains Reseller Domains and Email Data Centre Colocation Infrastructure Data Centre Handbook About About Us Our Team Blog Customer Kudos Careers More Contact Us Release Notes Webmail Policies & Compliance Security Statement Phishing Alerts