This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Skip To Content
Select Property
Search
Help & Information
Jobs
Investors
Buy Tickets
Six Flags

Get ready to make new memories at one – or all – of our 41 parks!

Begin Your Adventure
Select Your Property
Select Your Property
 

VALENCIA - CALIFORNIA

Six Flags Magic Mountain
 

SAN FRANCISCO/SACRAMENTO - CALIFORNIA

Six Flags Discovery Kingdom
 

BUFFALO - NEW YORK

Six Flags Darien Lake

WE BRING FUN TO LIFE

Six Flags is the largest regional theme park company in the world.

Six Flags has 41 parks across the United States, Mexico and Canada with world-class coasters, family rides for all ages, up-close animal encounters and thrilling water parks.

0

PARKS

0

STATES

0

COUNTRIES

Thrilling Rides
Family & Kids
Show-stopping Entertainment
Tasty Treats
Highlighted News
All News
 
Tips
Food and Drink
Events
Foodie’s Guide to WinterFest at Carowinds

Get ready for a jolly good time during WinterFest at Carowinds this holiday season. This year’s menu is loaded with festive bites for the entire family. Whether you are seeking a light snack, a full meal or a seasonal drink in between the rides, there’s something yummy for every tummy.

December 10, 2025
 
Six Flags Parks Recognized in USA Today’s 10 Best Holiday Event Awards 2025

We're thrilled to announce that Six Flags Entertainment has received remarkable recognition in the USA Today 10 Best Reader's Choice Awards for Best Theme Park Holiday Events!

December 10, 2025
 
Tips
Food
Events
Know Before You Go: The Ultimate Guide to WinterFest at Carowinds

If you’re looking Christmas events in Charlotte this holiday season, you’ll find an immersive world of holiday fun on the state line during WinterFest at Carowinds, the premier holiday festival in the Carolinas.

December 10, 2025
GET THE APP

Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell or Share My Information | Terms of Use | Accessibility | Jobs

© 2025 Six Flags Entertainment Corporation