Sizzling hot casino game: 100 Free spins and 100% Bonus The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Zeus Slot - 4586 USD James* 2 place Titanic Slot - 3293 USD Scott* 3 place Zeus Slot - 1786 USD Suzan* Jackpot $7597660 Play now Home All Slots Casinos Online Articles Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Sizzling hot casino game: receive free spins and bonuses Facebook Twitter Company Novomatic, known for its approach to creating games, offers you a magical recipe of a refreshing drink called Sizzling Hot! Thanks to a colorful design of the slot, which deals with the favorite “fruit” theme, some users have long dubbed this game a Compote. If you like this slot machine, then especially for you the company released an updated version of it – Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot. This game is very simple, but it attracts players with big winnings. You can play Sizzling Hot online free almost immediately after reading the rules. It has a classic symbols set and a huge payout ratio. Video Overview Additional Info Released 2003 Software Novomatic Rolls 5 Paylines 5 Minimum Bet $ 0,5 per line Maximum Bet $ 40 per line Play for money! Screenshots GENERAL NOTIONS ABOUT THE SIZZLING HOT FREE AND ITS VARIATIONS The Sizzling Hot slot is the most classic slot machine with five reels and five lines. We can say that this is an analogue of a well-known “one-armed bandit”. It was developed by Novomatic (Gaminator series) and presented to the public in March 2003. It works on the platform CoolFire I. The slot’s symbols are various “fruit-berries” and “sevens.” Among the players, the Sizzling Hot online is popular for its simplicity, convenience and classics, this slot really looks very nostalgic about the old times in real casinos. It does not have any extra “chips” and “bells and whistles” – everything is very clear, very familiar, this is always appreciated by “conservative” users.

The most famous younger son of this slot is Sizzling Hot Deluxe, which is very popular in the ranks of professional players.

Next comes the Sizzling Hot Quattro. In it, you can become a real millionaire, because the size of the jackpot just blows up the roof.

The Sizzling Hot casino games are popular because they are easy enough to use and the chance to win is higher than in its peers. The game for doubling is well known to many guests and in the Sizzling Hot casino game you can use the generosity of a gambling club endlessly! It is very simple to get into a special tour – you just need to click on the “Double” button after the winning rotation. The participants will see the card face down, and players will be asked to guess its color.

Choosing the right one will multiply the winnings twice and give you the opportunity to guess the color of the card again, in order to increase the initial amount in 4 times in case of repeated right choice. The chances of winning and losing are absolutely equal, but it’s worth remembering that any mistake entails the disappearance of the prize in full! So everyone can play and win here, who wants it.

The Sizzling Hot download is not required, it is enough to choose an online casino, refill the balance and start to withdraw large amounts. You can play this game as such gaming clubs as EnergyCasino, Quasar Gaming, Casumo Casino, OVO Casino, Guts Casino and many others. FEATURES OF THE SIZZLING HOT ONLINE FREE Despite the fact that the slot machines moved to the network very recently, many players forgot about the classic “one-armed bandits”, on the reels of which spin the familiar Seven, Cherries and Bells. The slot Sizzling Hot is a rare representative of the gambling world, which does not try to adapt to the players, adding new features and capabilities. The sizzling hot casino game offers guests to try their luck without extra features and additional figures, because only in this format you can disclose a rare talent for the successful rotation of the reels, and also receive an impressive cash prize in a few minutes. However, in this slot, there are some innovations and features that distinguish it from its ancestors, namely, an auto game and a game for doubling.

And if playing the Sizzling Hot casino game is very easy, you need to know some features that can cause additional questions. And so the slot machine is equipped with five spinning reels and has the ability to drop out of winning lines to a maximum of five. But the maximum bet a player can make is 5000.

Throughout the game you will see 8 game attributes, for example: Seven Watermelon Grapes Cherry Plum and others The image of the star plays the role of a scatter, that is, it plays without binding to active game lines. In the event of three, four or five stars appear on the screen, you will receive winnings according to the paytable.

In order to start playing the Sizzling Hot Games you will need to decide the size of the bet based on the game budget and start spinning the reels. All these actions are started by pressing buttons Bet One or Bet Max (from 1 to 100) and Start. The manufacturer has eliminated the option of changing the number of lines, hence the game is exclusively for all 5. MERITS OF THE SIZZLING HOT SLOT MACHINES Calling the nostalgic mood for the past time, the Sizzling Hot takes you to an amazing atmosphere, which was in the old gambling establishments with “one-armed bandits”. The manufacturer of this machine has kept the original style in all 100%, as well as the design of the playing field. And at the same time, thanks to its generosity and ease, and the ability to play free of, it has gained immense fame and popularity among modern gamers.

Another option is to get rich lying on the couch, using a mobile application Sizzling Hot Deluxe free Slot. This application is available for devices on iOS and Android.

Everyone can play, because many languages are available. Namely: English, Hungarian, Greek, Spanish, Italian, German, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Turkish, French, Czech, Russian. STRATEGY OF SIZZLING HOT ONLINE DOUBLING GAME In many strategies, after a successful round of betting, it is necessary to increase the bet by 2 times. Let’s look at one of the most advantageous schemes for “doubling”.

The game for this strategy is as follows: Set a minimum bet, below which you cannot go down throughout the game process. The slot machine assumes an initial bet of 1 cent, however, we choose the so-called “minimum threshold” at our discretion. The first spin is made at the established minimum bet. If it turns out to be a losing one, the second spin is made at the same bet, and if it is won, at a double stake. In subsequent spins, when winning, the bet is doubled, and when losing, it is decreased in 2 times. The advantage of this strategy is that large bets are made on the funds won, so you can protect yourself from large monetary losses. THREE-BET SIZZLING HOT GAME STRATEGY In addition to the classic ways to win in the Sizzling Hot casino game, there are also new game principles, such as the three-bet strategy. In accordance with it, the player makes a fixed number of bets ranging in size from 1 to 3 coins.

Here is an example of using this sizzling hot casino game strategy: The player plans to play 5 spins with 3, 2 and 1 coins respectively; If in the course of the first five spins an unsuccessful round has fallen, the bet should be reduced to 2 coins and start the series anew; If there are three losing rounds on 1 coin during 5 spins, the game should be abandoned. With a successful 15 spins a big win will be guaranteed. Playing with such a strategy, you can insure yourself against large financial expenses, since the bets are made at the expense of the funds won.

All the players can experience the presented strategy. In this case, the slot machine can be started in the demo mode, therefore it is possible to determine the effectiveness of these schemes for free. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Titanic Slot Demo Game of Thrones Slot Demo Starburst Slot Demo Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 5 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 4.8 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 4.8 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 4.8 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 4.7 /5 Reveiw Play Now! see all Maximilian Schultz Chief editor Introduction of Maximilian Schultz Born: Oct 8 1981 in Huntington Address: 81 Bicetown Road, Huntington 11743, US Education: University of Florida Mail: [email protected] Experience in casino reporter: 7 Job: Best Customer Service Rep in our team Maximilian Schultz has been a successful writer for over 7 is a world renowned Gambling and Gaming expert years and having excelled in magazines, papers and even in TV briefly, he found his ideal medium to be the internet because of its enormous scope and freedom. As a gambling fan, Maximilian Schultz jumped at the opportunity to become the writer at sizzlinghot-slot.com, which is why he tackles each and every review and story like it is his last. He is currently the editor of the casino guides and reviews and host writer of sizzlinghot-slot.com. 04.04.2018 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Home Casinos Online All Slots Articles Privacy and Cookies Policy Responsible Gambling Terms and Conditions About Us Submit Your Casino sizzlinghot-slot © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play Now