Sizzling hot slot | Start the free game and get 1000 credits The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Starburst slo... - 4655 USD Robin* 2 place Zeus Slot - 4185 USD David* 3 place Raging Rhino ... - 2486 USD Gregg* Jackpot $7814872 Play now Home All Slots Casinos Online Articles Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Sizzling hot slot: receive 100% bonus and win real money Facebook Twitter Sizzling Hot uses the freshest and ripest fruit as symbols. It should be noted that this Sizzling Hot slot machine is a bright representative of the classic slot machines, in which fruit symbols are used. Agree, there are many similar gaming devices and it seems that these symbols were the first to appear on the reels of the first slots. read more Video Overview Released 2003 Software Novomatic Rolls 5 Paylines 5 Minimum Bet $ 0,5 per line Maximum Bet $ 40 per line Play for money! Screenshots Sizzling Hot free games will open doors to you in a magic garden. Incredibly generous fruit are around, ready to bring down a rain of gold coins. Trying to play this sizzling hot online slot, you will not regret. Launch a fantastic free slot and start collecting the most unusual harvest in your life. Walking through the unique world of generous fruit will certainly end very successfully. And the original Novomatic software, and dizzying free demo versions are fabulously generous. Wander through the virtual garden, collect colorful fruit and cook exclusive drinks. Playing Sizzling Hot online, performing simple tasks, is very fun. You will be fascinated by the fabulous atmosphere of the intoxicating drive and the generous payouts of Sizzling shot. SIZZLING HOT SLOT – A VERY POPULAR BRAINCHILD OF NOVOMATIC This is a virtual copy of the usual slot machines, which flaunted in land-based casinos not so long ago. The gaming machine, having received the online shell, became even more fascinating and more generous. In addition, now the legendary sizzling hot online is available without registration and gives gamblers the opportunity to risk not only the bets for money, but also for free. The Sizzling Hot casino games will not surprise with a phenomenal bundle. But remembering that it is a classic slot, you are unlikely to expect anything special from it. Having decided to play, you will see that the game is equipped quite trivially: three reels; five lines for bets. You can spend from five to one hundred credits on stakes. It’s pretty good, considering that this is a fairly old model of the slot machine. VARIATIONS OF SIZZLING HOT SLOTS At the moment there are several variations of the slot. Sizzling Hot Deluxe and Sizzling Hot Quattro. In the game machine Sizzling Hot Quattro there are 20 lines and 5 reels. And in the Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot there are 5 reels and 5 lines. At first glance it seems that it does not exceed anything over the normal version, but everything is far from what it seems. There are a lot of bonuses, more chance to win and the maximum bet is increased. PECULIARITIES OF SIZZLING ONLINE The Sizzling Hot casino games are a very popular brainchild of Novomatic. The slot gained great popularity due to its simplicity, advanced gameplay at the time of its appearance and a good return percentage, which allowed to count on a big jackpot for each player. As to the bonuses, doubling can be used. Sometimes, you can take a chance. After all, who does not take risks, does not drink champagne. You do not need to download this slot machine. It is enough to go to the online casino site, choose the slot and break the jackpot. The amount on your account you can see in the lower left corner of the display. There are buttons Bet and Lines nearby. They serve to determine the nominal value of the bet and choose the necessary number of winning lines, respectively. After you have defined the above parameters, you can start the reels using Start or Autoplay. The latter option activates the game in automatic mode until the next spin brings a win. You can familiarize yourself with all the schemes and bonuses in the Paytable. Let’s get acquainted with the buttons of the Sizzling Hot free: Automatic start – activation of automatic spinning of the reels. Paytable – the table with the value of combinations. Lines – to select the number of game lines. Bet One – to choose the size of the bet. Bet Max – to select the maximum bet size. Start / skip / take win – rotation of the reels / transition to a risk round. After all the reels have completed their rotation, all the lines that will give the user a winning are highlighted. It is worth noting that during the rotation you also do not have to be bored, since the sizzling hot slot has a very pleasant soundtrack. Having mastered these simple rules, you can safely try to play for real money. Despite the fact that the Sizzling Hot online free is a vivid representative of the classics, this does not prevent it from pleasing users with special symbols. So, one of these images is the symbol “Seven”. Starting to play the slot, the user has every chance to collect the highest paid combination of these symbols. Dropping five Sevens on the active gaming line will increase the player’s bet by 5000 times! Also the Sizzling Hot slot machines have a scatter symbol. It is a star image. When the user sees three or more such images on the reels, he has all the chances to increase his prize several times. The payout size of the hot sizzling slot will depend on how many scatters have dropped on the reels. The winning combination must contain identical symbols. Their number can be different. But, of course, the more identical images you will be able to catch, the more solid the payment is. The most generous symbol is the seven. Accordingly, playing this slot for money can turn any casino gambler into a holder of a tidy sum. Other symbols are less generous. But their range is very wide: watermelons; grapes; cherries; plums; oranges; asterisk. The Sizzling 7 slot machine has a single bonus game that will help the user to increase even the smallest winnings to impressive sizes. This is a game for doubling. If the user decides to increase his prize, he needs to click on the “Double” button located on the control panel of the slot. After that, the player gets into a risk game. The main task in it is to guess the color of the card suit, which will open. It is possible to continue the game until the user is tired of doubling or until he loses. Be attentive, participating in the game of doubling, because it really catches you, which is fraught with a minus game for real money. PRIZE COMBINATIONS Do you want to receive an increase of 20, 50 and 200 in the prize? Collect pictures with lemon, cherries and orange. The most productive and long-awaited symbol is a picture with a magic number 7. They will give you this opportunity, but with a certain condition. The combination with it in the amount of four, five or three times will bring the prize in 100, 1,000 and 5,000 times! PROS AND CONS There are also many applications on Android and iOS. If you want to earn millions without getting out of bed, this option is for you. Among the positive characteristics of Sizzling Hott 77777 it is worth noting the presence of autorun, acceptable graphics and a standard set of fruit symbols. As for the flaws, in the main game there are no bonuses and some special symbols. Start the game in a free demo mode, where you will have 1000 credits in your account. You can get acquainted with the features of the Sizzling Hot slot machine and improve your skills for playing for real money. Learn all the possible combinations in the “Paytable” section and build your tactics of the game. You can play this game and its variations at EnergyCasino, Quasar Gaming, Guts Casino, Casumo Casino, OVO Casino and some other gaming clubs. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Monopoly Slots Review Demo Raging Rhino Slot Demo Mermaids Millions Slot Demo Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 1 5 /5 2 4.9 /5 3 4.9 /5 4 4.8 /5 5 4.8 /5 Lewis Ross Chief editor 04.04.2018 10 8 6 4 2 7.6 / 10 Votes: 39 Home Casinos Online Casino App Android All Slots Articles Privacy and Cookies Policy Submit Casino sizzlinghotslot.online © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play Now