Sizzling Hot Deluxe Slot by Novomatic - Play for Free | Full Review Game is available for registered users only! Sign Up Sizzling Hot Deluxe Play Online for Free – Full Review Online Casinos Free Slots Articles Top partners Join now – Deposit – Claim your welcome bonus up to € 1500! Start to win! No deposit slot at 777spinslot! Play for free – start now. Get 10, 15 and 25 free spins! Gala Casino – UK’s favorite online casino! Deposit Stake £20 or play 120 Free Spins For Real Money Betsson casino games – your chance to win! Register to play free slot games! Sizzling Hot Deluxe Play Online for Free – Full Review Play for free Real play Real Play Characteristics Share: Autoplay: Bonus Rounds: Free Spins: Multiplayer: Jackpot: Mobile: The Sizzling Hot Deluxe Slot Machine is a 5-reel, 5-payline mobile slot from Novomatic. Sizzling Hot Deluxe online is a new version of the old one-armed bandit with improved sound, animation, and betting systems. The slot was created for old school players. There are no prize rounds, free spins, and other bells and whistles here. There is only a “loose” star, paid for by a certain amount, and a risk game with the ability to multiply capital. This minimalism allows you to focus on the game and not be distracted by bonus symbols. They are completely unnecessary because the slot machine pleases players with various profitable combinations without it. The "luxury" version of Sizzling Hot™ offers more paylines, higher multipliers to scatters and wilds, higher average payouts per round, and even more free spins and higher payouts! Graphics, Sounds, and Animation The graphics are great. The simple and classic design has been updated enough to feel modern without spoiling the game's minimalist feel. The animations are smooth and performed in high resolution, and during the spins, a pleasant sound is played, which resembles the noise of real mechanical drums spinning behind the screen. The gameplay is also accompanied by the classic ringing of bells typical for old slot machines. The sounds of the winnings are pretty lovely too. In general, the design of the slot is excellent. Bonus Features The basic mechanics of the game have remained unchanged. Sizzling Hot ™ Deluxe still has 5 reels, but the number of lines has been increased. This fact alone sets it apart from other, more modern slots such as Book of Ra™ or Lord of the Ocean™ . Whereas in other slots the number of paylines begins to ripple in the eyes (according to the principle “the more lines, the higher the expectation of winning”), here nothing distracts attention from the course of the game, which is a pleasure to watch. Oddly enough, this does not mean at all that in this slot the winnings are lower - the burning seven, which acts as a scatter, drops out with quite frequent regularity on any of the five lines, replacing the rest of the fruit symbols and instantly increasing the payout in the current round. At the end of each round, the winnings are credited to the balance of the game account. At the bottom of the screen, there is a paytable, where you can find out the cost of fruit symbols. Flashing paylines indicate which bonuses, symbols, and combinations have brought the win in the current round. Winning combinations are calculated from left to right. It is at such moments that beginners begin to understand why this slot is so popular at the Online Casinos; a multiplier of up to 400x can bring a jackpot in any round that can drastically change your life! Share: REAL PLAY Screenshots Additional Info • Launch: 2013 • Software: Novomatic • Slot type: Video • Reels: 5 • Min. bet: 0.4£ per line • Max. bet: 100£ per line • Payout %: 95% Top sites for playing Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot game № Casino Where to play? Bonus info 1 Sizzling Hot Deluxe at 777Spinslot 100% Bonus + Free spins 2 Sizzling Hot Deluxe at BellfruitCasino 100% Bonus 3 Sizzling Hot Deluxe at Gaminator Slots 5€ Free bonus 4 Sizzling Hot Deluxe at CasinoGamesonnet Free spins 5 Sizzling Hot Deluxe at Slots777 100% Bonus + Free spins Sizzling Hot Deluxe Symbols Sizzling Hot ™ Deluxe is our love of classic slot machines from the mechanical era. It is an attempt to create a prestigious yet unobtrusive gaming atmosphere lacking in most modern slot machines. The icons and symbols for watermelons, plums, lemons, grapes, oranges, and even cherries have been redesigned to look even more attractive than before. If you have never played slots with a small number of lines before, just a few spins will be enough to feel the beauty of this game, after which you will not be able to tear yourself away from it for hours! The scatter in this slot is one of the most generous. Any round in which three scatters appear at once can turn into a solid win. With a win multiplier of up to 400x, Sizzling Hot ™ Deluxe is one of the most profitable games on Novomatic. Both experienced players and beginners should not forget this and use your chance every day. Even excluding the exclusive bonus games, the payout percentage (RTP) reaches an astounding 95%! Sizzling Hot Deluxe free slot isn't burdened with complicated bonus features or confusing mini-games. We wanted to make this slot as simple as possible, but at the same time fun and exciting, so that it remains engaging throughout the entire game session and is interrupted with only one purpose. Our famous "Risk Game" made its way into this slot, and now after every round, you can double your winnings. This mini-game displays a deck of cards that are cut in random order. Several cards will be flipped, and you need to guess the color of the next flipped card. If the attempt is successful, you instantly receive double the amount. If you fail, you will lose all the winnings in the round you just played. Settings of Sizzling Hot Deluxe Free Online Slot • Sizzling hot deluxe slot machine hit probability (any win) - 11.85%. • The distribution of the winnings is 100% in the usual spins. • The maximum payout during the tests was 200x. • Volatility is 5.33 out of 20 (average). • The cycle length is average. • The rating of the slot machine for the wagering is 5.67 out of 10. • Winning Percentage (RTP) 95.66% does not provide a positive expectation of a win. Features of the Sizzling Hot Deluxe Slot Machine In the apparatus, all actions take place on five reels with five active bands and a doubling game. Progressive Jackpot, Scatter, and Bonus are not provided here. You can place a bet in the range from eight to 2000 credits per spin. The Ember Deluxe slot machine features classic icons, namely: • oranges and lemons; • plums and grapes; • watermelons and cherries; • 777 and stars! The simulator contains only one picture with special features - Scatter. It is represented by the image of a brightly burning star that, when it appears, will illuminate your path to success. The scatter symbol is paid regardless of where it appears on the reels. Take a chance to try your luck by playing the doubling game. You have to guess the suit of the face-down card. Rely on your intuition and get paid twice as much. Luck is on your side today! To Play  Sizzling Hot Deluxe Game - Do These Steps • "BET / LINE": Here, you can set the line bet for the next round. • LINES: Here, you can choose how many lines you want to play on. • "PAYABLE": Here, you can see an overview of the winnings, whereby your chances of winning are automatically calculated based on your bets. • START: The rotation is started by pressing the start button. Then the game begins. In a regular game, a specific bet is deducted from your balance. • At Gamble, you can bet again per round and double your winnings if you are lucky. • GAMBLE: If you win, the Gamble button will appear. Pressing this button starts the game of chance. If you win the game, your winnings will double per spin. If you lose, you also lose your winnings for the entire round. The probability of doubling your winnings is 1:1. • COLLECT: If you win, you will see a collect button. If you click on "Collect", the winnings for the round will be added to your balance. Click "Collect" if you do not wish to place bets on around in the Gamble game. • AUTOPLAY: Clicking on Autoplay triggers a certain number of automatic revolutions. When Autoplay is activated, the key name changes to Stop. • STOP: Press Stop to stop the automatic rotations. How to Play the Sizzling Hot Deluxe Casino Slot The number of lines cannot be changed. But that doesn't mean losing! Decide on the size of the bet, act immediately. Pay attention to the combined combinations. For example, cherries, lemons, oranges, and plums will give you winnings multiplied from 5 to 200 times. Larger money promises in the event of watermelon or grape falling out - an increase in the rate up to 500 times. But the luckiest ones are those who catch sevens, which guarantee multiplication by 1000 at 4 digits, 5000 at 5 digits. For dessert, the slot machine has prepared a tempting offer for true lovers of adventures and adventures - an unforgettable risk game that can give you a 5-fold increase in funds. You will see the cards, the color of which you need to guess. No one will argue that it is not so easy, but why then start? Reach the end, guess the most important thing - the color of the face-down card! Sizzling Hot Deluxe Rules First of all, the player must decide on the number of pay lines (1-9 lines) and the rate on each line. Pressing the "INFO" button opens the help menu, where all combinations of the machine and the amount of winnings corresponding to the line bet are indicated. "Star" scatter. The scatter symbol plays on any position on the slot machine reels. To get a win by scatter symbols, at least three of them must fall out. The "7" symbols are the most expensive in the deluxe sevens. Three 7 symbols will bring the player 100 times the bet per line. Four - 1000 times and five symbols of "Seven" - 5000 times. Play Sizzling Hot on Mobile There is also a mobile version of the sizzling hot deluxe online, just like in the classic. The app version was developed by Novomatic too. It could be downloaded on your device and played on. It supports Android, IOS, and Windows devices, and there is no difference between this app and that of the classic version. You can also play directly online with your mobile device too. Sizzling Hot Deluxe Risk Game After any winning combinations, the player can start the risk game and try to increase his winnings. By clicking on the "Double" button, the player goes into the risk game, where he needs to guess the color of the next face-down card (Red - red or Black - black). If the player guesses correctly, the amount of his winnings will double, if not, the entire amount will be burned out. In the risk game, the maximum number of multiplications is 5. The slot machine also has a game for doubling, activated by Gamble, and accessed after winning. As a small hint, players will be offered even the last 5 dropped cards. Play Sizzling Hot Deluxe Oline No Registration and No Download You can test Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot in the demo version without registration and no download. There is an opportunity to play Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot machine for free, not being limited to belt frames. Gamers choose paid or free mode themselves. Sizzling Hot Withdrawal Detailed information can be found in the "Paytable" section, where you can see possible winnings and combinations. To receive your winnings, please visit the PAYMENT section and specify the amount of winnings that you want to receive by transferring to your current account. Obtaining cash from the player's account, if all the necessary checks have been carried out, you can receive a prize depending on the conditions of the selected casino. Bet size, RTP and Variance The payout percentage is 95.66%, which is pretty mediocre in the gaming industry. Along with the average RTP, the slot also has a high variance. Winnings are very rare (often with a minimum of 4x increase in your bet). But from time to time, you will get lucky and get one of the big payouts that the game has to offer. On the site where we tested this slot, bet sizes ranged from £/€/$ 0.10 to £/€/$ 50.00. Conclusion Sizzling Hot Deluxe does its job perfectly. The game will seem very simple and concise, but, despite this, quite addictive and exciting. Simple rules, a well-thought-out set of symbols, the possibility of doubling the prize, an intuitively accessible interface, and the general theme of the slot will take care of each user’s productivity and easy gaming process. With a high return, the Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot from Novomatic will make many players happy with good winnings and significant victories. If you do not expect new abstruse games and vivid plots with new effects, then it may be perfect for you. Share: REAL PLAY Try our slot machines for free RAINBOW RICHES... Rainbow Riches brings you the luck of the Irish and a friendly leprechaun to guide the way. It is a game that is very easy to play, and it is highly accessible for people with different budgets. PLAY FOR FREE RAINBOW RICHES... PLAY FOR FREE Mega Moolah Sl... Discover an expert Mega Moolah slot review. Find key information on RTP, bonus features, strategies, gameplay, how to win, and jackpot advice. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Mega Moolah Sl... PLAY FOR FREE Lord of the oc... Here are several useful tips on how to play Lord of the ocean slot in an online casino. You don’t have to pay your money while starting the game. PLAY FOR FREE Lord of the oc... PLAY FOR FREE Funky Fruits S... Here are the main features of the slot game: big jackpot, a great number of free bonuses, and a chance to play the game without betting real money on our website. PLAY FOR FREE Funky Fruits S... PLAY FOR FREE Book of Ra del... Discover the Book of Ra and make the most of its colourful play mode. Enjoy free bonuses from the leading casinos and practise with our free play mode to learn the ins and outs of the game. PLAY FOR FREE Book of Ra del... PLAY FOR FREE Book of Ra Slo... Discover an expert Book of Ra slot review. Find useful info on bonus features, RTP, strategies, how to win, gameplay, and jackpot advice. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Book of Ra Slo... PLAY FOR FREE Sizzling Hot S... Discover an expert Sizzling Hot slot review. Find key information on RTP, bonus features, strategies, gameplay, how to win, and jackpot advice. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Sizzling Hot S... PLAY FOR FREE Dolphin’s Pear... Discover an expert Dolphin’s Pearl slot review. Find key information on RTP, bonus features, strategies, gameplay, how to win, and jackpot advice. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Dolphin’s Pear... PLAY FOR FREE Mega Joker Slo... Discover an expert Mega Joker slot review. Find key information on RTP, bonus features, strategies, gameplay, how to win, and jackpot advice. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Mega Joker Slo... PLAY FOR FREE Last Articles To Profit from Sizzling Hot Deluxe to install You are to Download it on your Device Do you yearn to organize a home gambling club for individual application on your private PC or mobile phone? Everything is more or less uncomplicated! It’s not so complicated to do! You can download for PC gambling machines for free ... More Top Cheats to Beat Sizzling Hot Deluxe Tips and Tricks There is no clear opinion about if it is achievable to beat the poker machine. You have never pondered why, haven’t you? Maybe because only several gamers have an idea of what a gambling machine is, and how to take ... More Top Tips-and-Tricks to Triumph over Sizzling Hot Deluxe hack There isn’t any common opinion if it is achievable to win against the poker machine. You have never asked yourself why, haven’t you? Conceivably the answer is that only a few gamblers get what a gambling machine is, and how ... More Comments 11 comments. Share: E-mail: Chelsey Guillory Aug 17, 2017 Some recent slot machines boast retro style graphics but come with complex modern bonus features.  Not so with Sizzling Hot Deluxe.  This game from its graphics and sounds to features is an absolute throwback where the game existed in its simplest form of hoping for combinations on the reels. Share SheltonKwiatkowski Jul 14, 2017 Sizzling Hot Deluxe is a must for any casino. This iconic game brings the pleasure of slot gaming in its original form, to computer and cell phone screens. Do not expect any bonuses, free spins or special symbols. Forget all of the complicated rules and intricate jackpots. Sizzling Hot Deluxe offers the pure enjoyment of spinning. Share FedericoPell Jun 15, 2017 Classic and traditional slot fans will love the Sizzling Hot Deluxe online slot, an improved version of the original and might I say extremely popular Sizzling Hot Slot. Share OdellGuillot May 11, 2017 Enjoy this classic game for extended play time and maybe you’ll get a decent sized win. Saying that, this game Sizzling Hot Deluxe isn’t for me as it’s too classic in many ways with no bonus features Share Marcel Mcmillian Apr 12, 2017 Enjoy this classic game for extended play time and maybe you’ll get a decent sized win. Saying that, Sizzling Hot Deluxe isn’t for me as it’s too classic in many ways with no bonus features. Share ElwoodCaballero Mar 28, 2017 Sizzling Hot Deluxe is a very simple game. It may have 5 paylines and 5 reels rather than your classic three, but this is, by all accounts, a fruity that is closer in game play and feel to the original slot machines of old. Share Delma Mcclelland Mar 14, 2017 Simple and effective classic 5 reel slot, you can certainly see why it’s popular at land-based casinos. With a decent betting range and a top prize of 1,000 times your bet, many lovers of the classic style of fruities will be tempted by Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot Share Judi Feb 16, 2017 Although you will see a few enhancements in the Sizzling Hot Deluxe slot game, you will not see any crazy features or bonuses. The benefits of this slot are that it is a simple, fun, fast paced and visually entertaining slot. You can expect to hear catchy and classic slot jingles throughout your gameplay. Share Madsen Feb 07, 2017 Sizzling Hot deluxe is one of the most iconic slot machines ever made by Novomatic. It is all about pure gambling and the simplicity of slot play. The positive thing about this slot, is that none of the payout from the game is tied down to free spins and bonus rounds. Share Merlin Dykes Jan 18, 2017 Novomatic has improved the popular classic Sizzling Hot Slot. The Deluxe version has some noticeable enhancements that add to the look, and feel of this slot and maintain its edge as one of the most popular slots around. Share Cameron Legros Jan 06, 2017 This game accommodates a limited range of budgets for low-limit players with the smallest bet on all 5 fixed paylines worth 5 credits. However, for high rollers, Sizzling Hot Deluxe offers up to 1000 credits per 5-line spin. Share Share discussion: More comments CONTACT US Sizzling Hot Deluxe Free Slots Spins Real money casino Pay by Mobile Slots £20 Free No Deposit Casino £5 No Deposit £10 No Deposit 15 Free Bingo Free Welcome Bonus Sizzling Hot Deluxe Free Spins 5 Minimum Deposit Casino Submit your Casino RO sizzling-hot-deluxe-slot.com © 2025 UP