SK ID Solutions | International e-identity solutions since 2001 About About Contact Team Services Smart-ID Mobile-ID Authentigate Timestamping Certificates Success Stories Resources Trust Services Practice Statement Certification Practice Statement Time-Stamping Principles Compliance Audit Insurance Policy Certificate Policies Certificates Certificate Profiles Terms and Conditions Certificates Issuance Fees General Terms of Subscriber Agreement Requirements by SK LDAP Personal Data Protection Legislation Copyright Price List Newsroom Careers Portal Identity Anyone Can Trust International e-identity solutions since 2001 What we do At SK ID Solutions, we specialize in providing secure and efficient e-identity and digital signing solutions to help businesses streamline their operations and build trust with their customers. We are proud to say that our e-identity solutions, like Smart-ID, are now used by over 4 million people globally, earning us the respect and trust of more than a 1000 businesses worldwide. Services Smart-ID Secure digital identity solution. Enabling convenient and legally recognized online authentication and digital signatures. Mobile-ID SIM card-based secure digital identity. Easy and legally recognized online authentication and digital signatures in EU. Authentigate A gateway to verified identity and data sharing, combining multiple identity verification services. Timestamping Timestamps to digital documents and transactions. Providing reliable evidence of data integrity and legal validity. Certificates Certificates to verify the identity of businesses on digital platforms. Secure data exchange in online transactions. Strongest in Estonia SK ID Solutions contributes to the development of the economy and to an honest business culture. For five consecutive years, we have proudly held the Strongest in Estonia title, an honour awarded to only 0.9% of Estonian companies. Recognized for years for our responsible business practices, we continue to uphold this status again in 2025. Active in ICT Community SK ID Solutions’ membership in ICT associations in Latvia, Estonia, and Lithuania highlights our dedication to advancing technology and innovation in the region. By working alongside other industry leaders, we are able to contribute to the development of solutions that will ultimately improve digital capabilities and security for the benefit of society as a whole. Contributing EU standardisation SK ID Solutions is the full member of the European Telecommunications Standards Institute since 2020. Being a full member of ETSI enables us to influence the emerging technologies that will impact all of us. Join Our Team Join Our Team Infrastructure Engineer Internal Services Engineer See All Vacant Positions News 12.12.2025 From Estonia to Europe: 24 Years of Digital Trust 19.11.2025 SK Annual Conference 2025 Asked the Questions That Matter 10.11.2025 SK ID Solutions Ranks Among Leading ICT Companies 16.10.2025 Change in Authentigate service certificate 2025! 03.10.2025 SK ID Solutions and imID to Launch imID Digital ID App in Armenia All News All News Phone: +372 610 1880 E-mail: info@skidsolutions.eu Company About Success Stories Resources Newsroom Careers Contact Services Smart-ID Mobile-ID Authentigate Timestamping Certificates Eesti keeles © 2001-2026 SK ID Solutions AS. All rights reserved. Data Protection | Copyright | Cookie Policy