SKATEDELUXE Skate Shop | Skateboards, Shoes, Clothing & More cookie-white cookie-white Brands adidas Carhartt WIP DC Nike SB skatedeluxe Vans Anti Hero Antix Anuell Baker Butter Goods Carpet Company Chocolate Converse Dancer Dickies Dime Element Emerica Etnies Fucking Awesome Girl Gramicci GX1000 Hélas HOCKEY HUF Independent New Balance Numeric Obey PALACE Passport Polar Pop Trading Company RASSVET | PACCBET Real Sci-Fi Fantasy Spitfire Thrasher Volcom Wasted Paris Yardsale Skateboards Skateboard Decks Skateboard Trucks Skateboard Wheels Skateboard Bearings Hardware Griptape Complete Skateboards Cruiser Skateboards Longboards Equipment Protective Gear ...Guides, know-how & more Shoes Skate Shoes Sneakers Slip On Sneakers Low Top Sneakers Mid Top Sneakers High Top Sneakers Winter Shoes for Skaters Kids Shoes Everthing about shoes New shoes Shoes on sale Gift ideas for skaters Clothing T-Shirts Hoodies Jackets Long Sleeves Shirts Pants Shorts Sweatshirts Zip Hoodies Polo Shirts Vests Boardshorts Accessories Backpacks Bags Beanies Belts Boxer Shorts Caps / Hats Gift Cards Gloves & Scarves Insoles Jewellery Laces Magazines / Books Neck Warmers Sliders & Sandals Socks Sunglasses Wallets ...and more Gift ideas for skaters New Sale × Vouchers Blog Team Specials Premium Club Customer service Shipping Payment Returns & Cancellation Exchange Size conversion chart FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions Contact +49 (0)3641 7997 2592 Landline Mon. - Fri. 9-18 | Sat. 10-12 | English South Korea | English Country shops All locations & languages Deutschland Switzerland FR EN France Österreich Italia Belgium NL FR Nederland España United Kingdom Portugal Sverige Danmark Česko Polska Norway Romania Delivery country - Delivery country Andorra Austria Belgium Bosnia and Herzegowina Bulgaria China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Japan Korea, Republic of (South Korea) Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg North Macedonia Malta Moldova, Republic of Monaco Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom Vatican City State (Holy See) Serbia Language - Language Deutsch English Español Français Nederlands Italiano Polski Change Search result for "%search_keywords%" We couldn't find anything for %query%. View new items in the shop instead: SKATE SHOP Brands Skateboards Shoes Clothing Accessories New Sale Search result for "%search_keywords%" We couldn't find anything for %query%. View new items in the shop instead: 0 0 0 Filter items Active filters 0 Remove all filters Sorting FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER 100 EUR FOR MOST EU COUNTRIES FAST SHIPPING 30 DAY RETURN POLICY Trustpilot » View the selection New shoes » View now New hardgoods » View now skatedeluxe Video out now » View more skatedeluxe Streetwear – quality made in Europe New streetwear just dropped: sustainably made in Europe and built for skating! Our gear is crafted from durable organic materials with fair production – stylish, long-lasting, and ready for every session. Check out the latest collection now » View the selection New hoodies » View now New pants » View now » Shoes » ACCESSORIES » NEW » STREETWEAR » SKATEBOARDS » Sale % » view brand shop » view brand shop » view brand shop Trustpilot Trends Vans AVE 2.0 » View now Nike SB Blazer » View now Releases » View now All Styles » check them out skatedeluxe
                                        Premium Club Voucher 

                                            5,00 EUR 300 Premium Club Points skatedeluxe
                                        Premium Club Sticker 400 Premium Club Points skatedeluxe
                                        Premium Club Voucher 

                                            10,00 EUR 500 Premium Club Points In the skatedeluxe Premium Club, you'll receive points through various activities, such as placing orders and product reviews. There are two types of points : Premium Club Points and Status Points. You can exchange your Premium Club Points for exclusive rewards. Your Status Points will determine your Premium Club Status. View all rewards This is how it works! New products This item is also available in other colours or shapes. new Vans Skate Rowan Shoes 89,90 EUR (2) New shoes This item is also available in other colours or shapes. new Carhartt WIP Caps T-Shirt 44,99 EUR back print New clothing new Magenta Convertible Fleece Beanie 34,99 EUR Made in europe New accessories new Cash Only Santosuosso Gargoyle 8.25" Skateboard Deck 89,99 EUR New skateboards – 15 % Antiz Maria 8" Skateboard Deck 54,99 EUR 64,99 EUR (24) New in Sale View all new arrivals News & More THE BEST SKATEBOARD DECK BRANDS OF THE YEAR 2025 Have you ever wondered which skateboard deck brand is the best? If so, you are certainly not alone. Of course, we don’t have a definite answer for that either. However, based on 2025 data, we can tell you which skateboard decks or brands are the most popular. » THE BEST SKATEBOARD DECK BRANDS OF THE YEAR 2025 THE BEST SKATEBOARD TRUCK BRANDS OF 2025 If you’ve been skating for a while, you’ve probably already tried out a few skateboard trucks. While the steering behavior is most important to some, others pay more attention to the weight or grind behavior of skateboard trucks. With the large selection, perhaps you’ve also wondered which skateboard trucks are the best. » THE BEST SKATEBOARD TRUCK BRANDS OF 2025 THE TOP SKATEBOARD WHEEL BRANDS OF 2025 Opinions on skateboard wheels vary a low: Which skateboard wheel brand is the best? Which wheels slide the best, which ones lock perfectly into grinds and which ones really don’t get flat spots? We checked which skateboard wheel brands were most popular in 2025. » THE TOP SKATEBOARD WHEEL BRANDS OF 2025 skatedeluxe x dc The skatedeluxe x DC Shoes collab brings back a true classic: the Court Graffik. It combines DC’s iconic silhouette with our Mystery design. The standout feature? The bold DC logo on the heel, which you can customize with the included skatedeluxe Velcro patch. Retro vibes with a modern twist – perfect for the streets and your style. » skatedeluxe x DC skatedeluxe – your online skate shop Skateboards, skate shoes and streetwear — since 2004, skatedeluxe has embodied these three like no other European skate shop. With more than 20 years of experience in the skateboarding business, we’re your first stop when you need a new deck, want to order new skate shoes or are looking for the latest skatewear. Our quality service speaks for itself: an experienced and efficient customer service team , a broad range of products and quick delivery round out our skate shop. Our inherent passion for the European skate scene is reflected not only in our know-how and brand selection but in our international skate team as well. Only the best — from smaller core skate brands to the biggest names in the skate scene Our online skateboard shop is backed by years of experience, so it goes without saying that our portfolio has something to offer every kind of skater. Whether it’s skate shoes and clothing from major skate brands such as Nike SB, Vans, adidas Skateboarding, Carhartt WIP, our own skatedeluxe brand, or current collections of authentic skate brands like Hockey, Baker, Quasi & Emerica - at skatedeluxe you have everything at a glance. Skateboarding is our main priority. Whether you're using our Skateboard Configurator to create your own complete board or are just looking for new bearings for your cruiser: we have everything a skater needs. As a European skateboarding shop, we also carry prominent skateboard brands from Europe, such as Polar Skate Co., Magenta, SOUR or Yardsale. You can bet that in addition to skate shoes & skateboard hardgoods, we always have our eyes on the latest skatewear & streetwear trends. Alongside the classics like t-shirts, hoodies and skate pants, you’ll find the hottest must-haves in the skatedeluxe range, including cargo pants & track jackets. Our skateboard shop is also home to up-and-coming labels such as Carpet Company, Alltimers, Evisen & Free Wifi. Service as it should be — free of charge and available any time It’s our mission to be your number one destination for your skateboarding needs — every day, no matter what time it is or where you are! We offer you the best service: forget closing times and checkout lines. Whether you're on the go with your smartphone or at home on your tablet or laptop: in the skatedeluxe online skate shop you can comfortably browse through our skateboards, shoes and clothing, any time of day. And quick delivery within Europe? That’s a given. If you happen to not like an item, returning your order is very easy thanks to the 30-day return policy. Just register the return online, pack what up what you don't, stick the return slip on the package and send it back to us - done! For orders to most countries of the EU, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Norway and the United Kingdom, the return is free of charge. Do you have questions about your order or do you need some advice on what to buy? Get help from our customer service team free of charge! We’ll help you choose the right skateboards, check when sold-out products will be back in stock and answer any other questions you might have. Get in touch with us any time by e-mail, phone, live chat or social media. We’re also there for you on the weekend, so you can shop whenever you want — no stress. Stay posted with our newsletter, on social media, and with the skatedeluxe blog We’ll keep you up to date so the most recent collections & latest trends are always on your radar. Sign up for our newsletter and you’ll be the first to know about new products from popular brands, upcoming sales or giveaways. Follow us on Instagram , TikTok , Facebook , YouTube , Twitter , Tumblr and Pinterest for your daily dose of skate goods. That way you’ll never miss a release of the newest skate shoes or the latest drops from your favorite brands. On our skatedeluxe blog you’ll find extensive skateboarding know-how. In our skateboard Wiki , you can read about everything you need to know about skateboard hardgoods: from size recommendations, background knowledge and tips for choosing what you need, to explanations of special technologies and more. The skateboard trick tips quickly break down and easily explain the tricks you always wanted to get the hang of. How are new products and all-time classics performing? You’ll find out in our extensive product tests . We’ll reward your loyalty — become a member of the skatedeluxe Premium Club Do you want to make more out of your order? Join the skatedeluxe Premium Club now and earn points for various activities such as orders or product reviews for limited rewards and exclusive benefits. You can find all the information in the Premium Club. Find further information about skatedeluxe on the "About Us" page. Legal Notice Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Whistleblower Policy © skatedeluxe.com Skateshop 2025 How do I unsubscribe? You can either unsubscribe by clicking the corresponding link in the newsletter or adjust your notification settings in your account under "Newsletter & notifications". Of course you can also contact our service team. × Welcome In order to provide you with the best possible user experience, we implement cookies and web tracking technologies ( including third-party technologies). Some are required for our site to work. Functional cookies provide you with a more convenient user experience. Statistics and marketing cookies help us to improve the store and our offer and to show you relevant products and advertisements. Required Required Functional Functional Marketing Marketing Statistics Statistics Statistics Statistics Apply selection By clicking "ACCEPT ALL" you agree to the use of all cookies and web tracking technologies. If you change your mind, you can find all the options to change or revoke your consent in our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy . Accept all