Skip Navigation
Sketch
Product
Explore
Pricing
Support
Sign In
Get started
Designers, welcome home.

Sketch is a toolkit made by designers, for designers, that puts the focus on you and your work.

Get started for free

Requires macOS Sonoma (14.0.0) or newer

New in Sketch: A major redesign, wrap for stacks, and more

We’ve got a fresh look for macOS Tahoe, an all-new Inspector, more flexible stacks, and much more. Find out more

The foundational features of Sketch have been indispensable. I also like using it while flying and traveling, and the fact it’s a native app makes designing more enjoyable overall.

Jasper Hauser
Darkroom
Apple Design Award
2020 Winner

Sketch allows me to design with little limitation. The plethora of features it offers and quality of life improvements in recent updates make working with it a delight.

Matt Emmins
Forrest

Sketch has been constantly improving since I started using it in 2012. Even though I’m using Sketch every day, it still brings me joy and continues to feel powerful and special.

Mark Jardine
Tapbots

I owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to Sketch. It is easy and wonderful and graceful enough that I can use it easily in my workflow with Ben. Legitimately a really wonderful utility.

Sebastiaan de With
Lux (Halide, Kino)
Apple Design Award
2022 Winner

I’ve been a Sketch user since version 1.0. I love the simplicity of Sketch’s UI and its robustness. Making it our own makes designing a pleasure and saves tons of time.

Andrej Mihelič
Gentler Streak
Apple Design Award
2024 Winner
DESIGN
Design without distractions

Focused tools, an intuitive interface, and an infinite Canvas. Zero distractions. We made our macOS editor for you and your ideas. Not for PMs, developers or clients.

Designing in Sketch
NEW
Flexible foundations

Powerful stack layouts and nestable frames save you time, without locking you down.

Every point perfect

Create anything from icons to entire apps with a vector editor like no other.

Zero to done

Get started fast with 100s of free templates, Frame presets and component Libraries.

Offline? Any time

Disconnect and design without compromises. Work locally, without internet, on your terms.

Work effortlessly

Easy multi-layer renaming, a Canvas Minimap and Command Bar put your workflow on rails.

Create with focus (or friends)

Design in private and by yourself. Or co-edit in real-time. The choice is always yours.

PROTOTYPE
Test your ideas faster

Nothing beats trying your ideas out to see if they work. So we made doing that as easy as possible. Create realistic prototypes in no time at all.

Prototyping in Sketch
Ready, set, done.

Create a working prototype in less than 10 clicks. Seriously. We’ve counted.

NEW
Smart Animate

Easily add movement to your UI with full control over easing and timings.

Modals and more

Create modals, alerts, panels and menus in moments with Overlays.

Click, click… zzz

It’s not the only way to interact. You can hover, press, drag and swipe here, too.

Scroll free

Create horizontal, vertical, or multi-directional scroll areas — and combine them.

Test it anywhere

Take your prototypes for a test run on any web browser, iPhone or iPad.

COLLABORATE
Take your work further

When it’s time to team up, our collaboration tools keep your designs at the heart of the process. Whether you’re pairing with a single developer, or part of a growing team.

Collaboration in Sketch
Easy sharing

Clients can view designs and prototypes in their browser. They’ll see the same document you do.

Pain-free feedback

Pin comments on designs, reply in threads, then resolve them when you’re done.

Space for everyone

Sync up with a shared Workspace for all your team’s files, libraries and drafts.

No shady pricing

Inviting guest editors who pay for Sketch already won’t cost you extra.

Share components

Share component libraries across projects and manage who can update them.

Free handoff tools

Invite developers to inspect files, download assets and export tokens for free.

Made by a different kind of company

We’re an independent company making decisions for our customers and ourselves. From privacy to pricing, we’re proud to be taking our own path.

What makes us different?

Discover a better way to design

Download Sketch today and join thousands of designers — from freelancers to the Fortune 500.

Get started for free
Never miss an update

Get all the latest news, blog posts and product updates from Sketch, delivered directly to your inbox. We’ll rarely send more than one email a month.

Email
Sign up
I agree to receive marketing emails from Sketch.
Product
Changelog
Design
Collaboration
Prototyping
Developer Handoff
All Features
View & Mirror on iOS
Beta
Explore
Design Resources
Blog
Extensions & Plugins
Figma to Sketch
Pricing
Roadmap
Free for Education
Support
Help Center
Documentation
Community Forum
Developer Platform
Service Status
Manage License
Contact Us
Company
About Us
Careers
Partners
Security
Terms & Policies
Home

© 2025 Sketch B.V.

1280x720