Sketch · Design, prototype, collaborate and handoff Skip Navigation Menu Sketch Sign In Product Design Create with precision Collaboration Work better, together Prototyping Bring ideas to life Developer Handoff From design to code All Features Changelog Explore Blog Design Resources Extensions & Plugins Pricing Support Help Center Documentation Contact Us Community Forum Sign In Get started Download icon-close Sign In Product Design Collaboration Prototyping Developer Handoff All Features Pricing Changelog Explore Blog Design Resources Extensions & Plugins Support Help Center Documentation Contact Us Community Forum Extra Surprises 🎁 Layout overlay Design Prototype Collaborate About Sketch Get started Designers, welcome home. Sketch is a toolkit made by designers, for designers, that puts the focus on you and your work. Get started for free Requires macOS Sonoma (14.0.0) or newer New in Sketch: A major redesign, wrap for stacks, and more We’ve got a fresh look for macOS Tahoe, an all-new Inspector, more flexible stacks, and much more. Find out more I owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to Sketch. It is easy and wonderful and graceful enough that I can use it easily in my workflow with Ben. Legitimately a really wonderful utility. Sebastiaan de With Lux (Halide, Kino) Apple Design Award 2022 Winner The foundational features of Sketch have been indispensable. I also like using it while flying and traveling, and the fact it’s a native app makes designing more enjoyable overall. Jasper Hauser Darkroom Apple Design Award 2020 Winner Sketch allows me to design with little limitation. The plethora of features it offers and quality of life improvements in recent updates make working with it a delight. Matt Emmins Forrest I’ve been a Sketch user since version 1.0. I love the simplicity of Sketch’s UI and its robustness. Making it our own makes designing a pleasure and saves tons of time. Andrej Mihelič Gentler Streak Apple Design Award 2024 Winner Sketch has been constantly improving since I started using it in 2012. Even though I’m using Sketch every day, it still brings me joy and continues to feel powerful and special. Mark Jardine Tapbots Design Design without distractions Focused tools, an intuitive interface, and an infinite Canvas. Zero distractions. We made our macOS editor for you and your ideas. Not for PMs, developers or clients. Designing in Sketch New Flexible foundations Powerful stack layouts and nestable frames save you time, without locking you down. Every point perfect Create anything from icons to entire apps with a vector editor like no other. Zero to done Get started fast with 100s of free templates, Frame presets and component Libraries. Offline? Any time Disconnect and design without compromises. Work locally, without internet, on your terms. Work effortlessly Easy multi-layer renaming, a Canvas Minimap and Command Bar put your workflow on rails. Create with focus (or friends) Design in private and by yourself. Or co-edit in real-time. The choice is always yours. Prototype Test your ideas faster Nothing beats trying your ideas out to see if they work. So we made doing that as easy as possible. Create realistic prototypes in no time at all. Prototyping in Sketch Ready, set, done. Create a working prototype in less than 10 clicks. Seriously. We’ve counted. New Smart Animate Easily add movement to your UI with full control over easing and timings. Modals and more Create modals, alerts, panels and menus in moments with Overlays. Click, click… zzz It’s not the only way to interact. You can hover, press, drag and swipe here, too. Scroll free Create horizontal, vertical, or multi-directional scroll areas — and combine them. Test it anywhere Take your prototypes for a test run on any web browser, iPhone or iPad. Collaborate Take your work further When it’s time to team up, our collaboration tools keep your designs at the heart of the process. Whether you’re pairing with a single developer, or part of a growing team. Collaboration in Sketch Easy sharing Clients can view designs and prototypes in their browser. They’ll see the same document you do. Pain-free feedback Pin comments on designs, reply in threads, then resolve them when you’re done. Space for everyone Sync up with a shared Workspace for all your team’s files, libraries and drafts. No shady pricing Inviting guest editors who pay for Sketch already won’t cost you extra. Share components Share component libraries across projects and manage who can update them. Free handoff tools Invite developers to inspect files, download assets and export tokens for free. Made by a different kind of company We’re an independent company making decisions for our customers and ourselves. From privacy to pricing, we’re proud to be taking our own path. What makes us different? Discover a better way to design Download Sketch today and join thousands of designers — from freelancers to the Fortune 500. Get started for free Never miss an update Get all the latest news, blog posts and product updates from Sketch, delivered directly to your inbox. We’ll
      rarely send more than one email a month. Email Sign up I agree to receive marketing emails from Sketch. Product Changelog Design Collaboration Prototyping Developer Handoff All Features View & Mirror on iOS Beta Explore Design Resources Blog Extensions & Plugins Figma to Sketch Pricing Roadmap Free for Education Support Help Center Documentation Community Forum Developer Platform Service Status Manage License Contact Us Company About Us Careers Partners Security Terms & Policies Home © 2025 Sketch B.V.