Skillz – The home of competition < Back Players Developers About Us Careers Investors Blog Games Toggle Menu The home of competition Skillz is everyone’s platform for competitive mobile games. Play Games Create Games Play. Compete. Win. Turn your skillz into dollar billz. Win cash and real-world prizes by playing the games you love with real people like you. Blackout Bingo By Big Run Studios Dominoes Gold By Grey Square Games Big Buck Hunter By Play Mechanix Solitaire by Skillz Strike! by Skillz By TouchMechanics Blackout Bingo By Big Run Studios Dominoes Gold By Grey Square Games Big Buck Hunter By Play Mechanix Solitaire by Skillz Strike! by Skillz By TouchMechanics Simply choose a game, download it from the app store, and win! 30 M+ Active Players 14 K+ Game Developers 4 M+ Daily Tournaments $ 100 M+ Monthly Prizes A World of Play Awaits Fairness for All Proprietary technology ensures evenly-matched play with real players like you. Real Competition Feel the thrill by playing head-to-head matches, tournaments, and brackets while climbing up the leaderboard. Real Money & Prizes Millions in real cash and prizes awarded year over year. Tons of Games Play all your favorite classics and new exciting games all with a competitive twist. DEVELOPERS Build Great Games on Skillz Skillz empowers game developers to build thriving businesses on its platform, so they can focus on what they love most – building great games. Learn More We’re Hiring! Team up with Skillz to forge your path and craft unforgettable experiences for players. Explore Roles News Aug. 3, 2025 You’re Caught Up on the News – Now Check Out the Skillz Blog Mar. 14, 2025 Skillz Victory Truck Brings Live Competition to Game Developers Conference Attendees Feb. 24, 2025 Skillz Launches $75 Million Accelerator Program to Support Mobile Game Developers Mar. 6, 2024 Skillz is Heading to GDC: Here’s Everything You Need to Know Feb. 21, 2024 Skillz wins $43 million patent verdict against AviaGames Sep. 18, 2023 Exciting New Skillz Categories for GDWC 2023 Jun. 2, 2023 Skillz Hires Fortune 500 Legal Executive Andrew Dahlinghaus As General Counsel May. 11, 2023 Fueling Epic Wins: Skillz Puts Developers First with Innovative Revenue Model Mar. 9, 2023 Building an Agile Culture of Achievement Feb. 21, 2023 Financial Executive Kevin Chessen Joins Skillz Board of Directors Frequently Asked Questions What is Skillz? Do you have to play for money? How do I know the competition is fair? Does Skillz use bots? How can I make money as a developer? What is skill-based competition? Do people win actual money? Does Skillz have a blog? Where can I find it? How long has Skillz been around? What is Skillz? Skillz is the leading mobile gaming platform that connects players and developers through fun, fair competition. Skillz provides the opportunity for casual gamers to turn their skills into real money and prizes. Do you have to play for money? No. All Skillz games are free to download and play. Non-paying players compete for “Zs” (A Skillz virtual currency) and tickets, which can be redeemed for real prizes in the Skillz prize store. Players who make a monetary deposit can compete for real money. How do I know the competition is fair? Skillz uses proprietary technology to pair players with similar skill levels, designed to make games evenly matched and give each  player a fair opportunity to win.  In some instances, Skillz may match you against similar-skilled opponents with a different entry fee. You would still get paid according to your original wager and expected prize pool. Does Skillz use bots? Every Skillz tournament is between real players. Never bots. Competing against bots is against the fundamental tenets of fair play and real competition on which we were founded. When you play Skillz-powered games, you are matched with real players at your skill level How can I make money as a developer? Skillz monetizes your game through the power of competition. Developers take home a percentage of the revenue their games generate on the Skillz Platform. This percentage increases the more paying players you attract to the platform. What is skill-based competition? Skill-based competition is not based on luck or chance, but on the players’ abilities. Do people win actual money? Yes. Skillz awards approximately $2 million* in real cash and prizes every week to real players just like you. *Based on 2022 monthly averages. Does Skillz have a blog? Where can I find it? Yes, Skillz has an official blog where we share updates on product launches, company news, developer insights, player stories, and more. You can explore our latest posts and stay up to date with everything happening at Skillz by visiting our blog here: skillz.com/blog How long has Skillz been around? Skillz started in 2012 as the original platform for Esports for Everyone. Players Skillz Games Player FAQ Player Support Fairness Developers Console Login Developer Support Documentation Developer FAQ Developer Accelerator Company Careers Contact News Partnerships Investors ©2025 Skillz Inc.  All rights reserved Legal Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Information