 Skills You Need - Helping You Develop Life Skills Shop Our Blog Contact Us PERSONAL SKILLS PERSONAL SKILLS Personal Development Career Management Skills Personal Skills for the Mind Stress and Stress Management Assertiveness Living Well, Living Ethically Caring for Your Body Anger and Aggression E-BOOKS Our eBooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Life The Skills You Need Guide to Personal Development The Skills You Need Guide to Stress and Stress Management INTERPERSONAL SKILLS INTERPERSONAL SKILLS Communication Skills Emotional Intelligence Conflict Resolution and Mediation Skills Customer Service Skills Team-Working, Groups and Meetings Decision-Making and Problem-Solving Negotiation and Persuasion Skills Personal and Romantic Relationship Skills QUIZ Take the: Interpersonal Skills Self-Assessment E-BOOKS Our eBooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Interpersonal Skills Guide to Personal and Romantic Relationships LEADERSHIP SKILLS LEADERSHIP SKILLS Understanding Leadership Planning and Organising Skills Leading People Change Management QUIZ Take the: What Sort of Leader are You? Quiz E-BOOKS Our eBooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Leadership Self-Employment and Running Your Own Business LEARNING SKILLS LEARNING SKILLS Study Skills Writing a Dissertation or Thesis Research Methods Teaching, Coaching, Mentoring and Counselling E-BOOKS Our eBooks: The Skills You Need Guide for Students Guide to Coaching and Mentoring PRESENTATION SKILLS PRESENTATION SKILLS What is a Presentation? Top Tips for Effective Presentations Coping with Presentation Nerves Giving a Speech WRITING SKILLS WRITING SKILLS Grammar: An Introduction Common Mistakes in Writing Writing a CV or Résumé Writing a Covering Letter NUMERACY SKILLS NUMERACY SKILLS Money Management and Financial Skills Real-World Maths Introduction to Geometry Graphs and Charts QUIZ Take our: Numeracy Quiz E-BOOKS Our eBooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Numeracy PARENTING SKILLS PARENTING SKILLS Pregnancy and Babies Toddlers and Young Children Parenting Teenagers Entertaining Children Learning and Developing Bullying PERSONAL SKILLS INTERPERSONAL SKILLS LEADERSHIP SKILLS WRITING SKILLS SKILLS YOU NEED Develop The Skills You Need For Life Sign up for your regular newsletter: Subscribe You'll get our 5 free 'One Minute Life Skills' and our weekly newsletter. Welcome. Here at SkillsYouNeed, we're passionate about providing high quality
							information and resources that help you learn and develop the skills you need to make the most of
							everyday life. Whether you're at work, a job seeker, student, teacher or parent, or just interested
							in developing your key skills, you will find plenty of information here about essential life
							skills. We hope that this information and these resources will help you to improve your personal
							and professional life. We also hope you find your visit rewarding and tell others about us. Finding the Skills You Need SkillsYouNeed is split into the eight distinct sections (see below). Or use our Search to find what you’re looking for: Personal Skills (242) A - Z List of Personal
											Skills Perhaps the most fundamental of all skills are those concerned with self-preservation - that is,
								staying healthy in both body and mind. This section of SkillsYouNeed covers some simple ideas that can help you maintain a healthy
								lifestyle. It also provides information to help you learn, such as The Importance of
										Mindset , and develop your character, for example, Learning to Use your
										Moral Compass and the basics of Emotional
										Intelligence . Ebooks: The Skills You Need
											Guide to Life The Skills You
											Need Guide to Personal Development The Skills You
											Need Guide to Stress and Stress Management Interpersonal Skills (171) A - Z List of Interpersonal
											Skills Interpersonal skills are the life skills we use every day to communicate and interact with other
								people, both individually and in groups. People who have worked on developing strong interpersonal skills are usually more successful in
								both their professional and personal lives. From Interpersonal
										Communication Skills , including Listening ,
								through to Building
										Rapport and Persuasion ,
								you should find all you need to improve your Interpersonal Skills. Ebooks: The
											Skills You Need Guide to Interpersonal Skills The Skills
											You Need Guide to Personal and Romantic Relationships Leadership Skills (107) A - Z List of Leadership
											Skills The ability to lead effectively is based on a number of key skills. These skills are highly
								sought by employers as they involve dealing with people in such a way as to motivate, enthuse
								and build respect. Our Leadership Skills section has both theory, for example, What is a
										Leader? , Leadership Styles and Ethical
										Leadership , and more practical information, such as Project Management
										Skills . Ebooks: The Skills You
											Need Guide to Leadership Self Employment
											and Running Your Own Business Learning Skills (80) A - Z List of Learning
											Skills Learning how to learn effectively is one of the most crucial skills in personal development. This section provides some theory on learning, including pages on Learning Styles and Lifelong Learning . Also the skills that you will need for studying, starting with our Study
										Skills page, and for helping others to learn, including Coaching and Mentoring
										Skills . Ebooks: The Skills You Need
											Guide for Students The Skills You Need Guide
											to Coaching and Mentoring Presentation Skills (23) A - Z List of Presentation
											Skills Presenting information clearly and effectively is key to getting your message or opinion across
								and, today, presentation skills are required in almost every field. This section covers all you need to prepare and give great presentations, from What is a
										Presentation? to Overcoming
										Presentation Nerves . It also contains information about handling specialised
								presentations, such as Press Conferences and Lectures and
										Seminars . Writing Skills (50) A - Z List of Writing
											Skills Good writing skills allow you to communicate your message with clarity and ease to a far larger
								audience than through face-to-face or telephone conversations. This section is designed to provide the information that you need to communicate effectively in
								writing. It covers both basic writing skills, such as Spelling , Grammar , and Punctuation , and more advanced information such as Writing a Business Case or Preparing a Report . Numeracy Skills (80) A - Z List of Numeracy
											Skills Numeracy skills are not just for scientists, accountants and the tax man. Many professions
								require at least a basic level of understanding when it comes to numeracy and mathematics. This section is designed to help you develop or brush up on your basic and more advanced numeracy, from Addition and Subtraction , through to Fractions , Understanding
										Percentages , and Money Management and
										Financial Skills . Ebooks: The Skills You
											Need Guide to Numeracy Parenting Skills (80) A - Z List of Parenting
											Skills Parenting effectively is often described as one of the biggest challenges in life, as well as
								one of the most rewarding experiences. Our Parenting Skills pages are designed to help you through some of the ongoing challenges of
								everyday life with children both large and small, from Preparing
										for Parenthood , through Looking After
										Your Baby , to Entertaining
										Children and Toddlers and finally to Parenting
										Teenagers . Our Blog Our user contribution blog, Rhubarb, contains articles and discussions
								written by you - our readers. Browse our blog and be inspired to contribute something yourself. Latest blog posts: How AI Can Enhance the Way You Think, Learn, and Create — A Practical Framework The Essential Skills Behind Monitoring and Managing Fall Detection Devices for Seniors Essential Study Skills for Secondary School Exams and Tests Quotes Snippets of wisdom from Skills You Need Charismatic people are both interesting, others want to listen to what they have to
									say, and interested, they want to listen to what others have to say. From our page: What is
										Charisma? Talking to others about problems is not only therapeutic but can help you see things
									from a different point of view, opening up more potential solutions. From our page: Problem
										Solving Skills People with higher emotional intelligence find it easier to form and maintain
									interpersonal relationships and to ‘fit in’ to group situations. Learn more on our page: Emotional
										Intelligence When thinking about your lifetime goals, make them challenging and exciting, base
									them on your strengths but make them relevant to you and ultimately achievable. From our page: Self
										Motivation TRENDING PAGES ON SKILLS YOU NEED BMI - BODY MASS INDEX What does your BMI tell you about yourself? Use our calculator to find out. From our Personal Skills section. NEGOTIATION SKILLS Learn more about negotiation and become a better negotiator at work and home. From our Interpersonal
											Skills section. LEADERSHIP STYLES Find out about the different styles of leadership - what sort of leader are you? From our Leadership Skills section. HOW TO WRITE A
											LETTER Is letter writing a dying art? Find out how to write a letter. From our Writing Skills section. PERCENTAGE
											CALCULATORS Need to work out some percentages? Use our calculators and examples to help. From our Numeracy Skills section. QUIZZES ON SKILLS YOU NEED Develop your skills with our interactive quizzes INTERPERSONAL SKILLS SELF
											ASSESSMENT Learn more about how good your interpersonal skills are and where you can
										improve. WHAT SORT OF LEADER ARE YOU? Discover your default leadership style, how to make the most of it and how to
									develop new leadership traits. TRENDING ON TWITTER Tweets by @skillsyouneed MEET THE TEAM We're a small team of avid lifelong learners who want to help others to learn
								and develop. Our aim with Skills You Need is to provide information that will help you,
								our readers, to develop their skills, and make the most of life. For more about us, see - Meet the Team Matthew Matthew is CEO and in charge of the day-to-day running of Skills You
											Need. Melissa Melissa is our head writer, with an MBA and previous experience in
											government. Jane Jane is experienced in education marketing and manages social media and
											guest posts. Paul Paul is an expert in personal development and a successful author and
											entrepreneur. GET IN TOUCH We want to hear from you. We are continuously developing the site and adding new content. If you cannot find what
											you are looking for, please let us know. You can get in touch with us via: Email Twitter Facebook or Subscribe
														to our newsletter ABOUT OUR CONTENT Our Mission Our mission is simple: " To help you lead a happier more fulfilling life and reach your
								potential. " Our Content is Free All of our online content is free and we hope that you find it valuable. We also provide a
							selection of eBooks in our shop . We aim to provide quality, accessible help and advice about how you might go about developing key
							life skills and reaching your full potential. We appreciate your support and encouragement – thanks for visiting. Made in the UK We welcome thousands of visitors from around the world every day. We are a British website and use British spelling and measurement systems, although we try to use
							plain English and try to be as inclusive as possible for our international visitors. Continue to: Employability Skills | Digital Skills Stress Management Skills Personal Development See also: The Importance of Exercise | Delegation Skills | Positive Thinking Effective Speaking | Critical Thinking | Aromatherapy Subscribe
								to our Newsletter | Contact Us | About Us Search our content: © 2011 - 2025 SkillsYouNeed.com The use of material found at skillsyouneed.com is free provided that copyright is
									acknowledged and a reference or link is included to the page/s where the information was
									found. Material from skillsyouneed.com may not be sold, or published for profit in any form
									without express written permission from skillsyouneed.com. For information on how to reference correctly please see our page on referencing . TOP