2025's Professional Best WordPress Themes & Templates from SKT Skip to content Plugins Documentation My Account Menu Home Themes Features Pricing Client Reviews Support Contact Best WordPress Themes and Website Templates Page builder friendly WordPress themes with 1 click demo import View All Themes WooCommerce Themes View All WooCommerce Themes Elementor Themes View All Elementor Themes Gutenberg Themes View All Gutenberg Themes Top-Performing WP Themes We have a host of best selling WordPress templates bundles and packages. We have created and sorted them as per customer needs and requirements. For example we have the best Gutenberg package for customers who need websites editable by the core page builder. Elementor templates make use of Elementor page builder. These templates are also compatible with WooCommerce. They are easy to use and can be edited without any coding knowledge. So, without wasting time, Select the best WP theme which suits you the best. And here you go. All you now have to do is enter the content and launch your website. View All Themes Recently Launched WP Themes and Templates View Demo Buy Now SKT Fragmentary View Demo Buy Now SKT Standardly View Demo Buy Now SKT Document Entry View All Themes One Click Demo Import Elementor Page Builder Woocommerce Compatible Gutenberg Compatible Unlimited Websites Mobile Friendly White - Label Whitelabel Site/Custom Layouts Image Copyright Free GPL licensed Coding PSD on Demand Compatible with Latest Version Top WordPress Templates Features We have a plethora of top WordPress website templates features. These features make these templates even more attractive as their usability increases. Some of the popular website templates features are responsive, mobile friendly, SEO optimized, lightweight, core web vitals passed, support for WooCommerce or eCommerce, multilingual support for multiple languages, page builder compatibility, regular updates, premium support and lastly third party plugins compatibility. All these and more features help the user while creating a website. It makes the theme selection comfortable knowing that these features will be included along with the design. View All Features Optimizing Your Website Load Times with SKT's Lightweight Themes Design Nowadays search engines are giving more importance to page loading speed. Hence it has become essential that your website should also load faster. To cater to this all our best WordPress themes have been coded in such a way that they are page speed and core web vitals optimized. Our templates prioritize features such as lightweight coding and less use of JS, focus on image optimization and compatibility with image plugins, caching plugin compatibility, performance plugins and CDN compatibility. All of these compatibility will result in very less load time for a web page and will improve the overall page speed and search engine rankings. It will also lead to better user experience. Why Choose Us? Unparalleled Speed Performance 100% Speed Grade 100% Speed Grade 400ms Load Time 91% Speed Grade Testimonials Users Love SKT Themes - Here's Why Calm and professional design that effectively showcases alternative medicine services, creating a trustworthy and approachable experience for users. Shawn B. Segers Structured and professional layout that clearly presents services and information, making it easy for users to navigate and understand organizational content. Beatrice N. Wotring Sleek and efficient design that emphasizes clarity and performance, making content easy to navigate and visually engaging. Virginia S. Buse Clean and professional layout that showcases office services and solutions clearly, making navigation simple and user-friendly for clients. Erik S. Jones Professional and organized layout that presents dental services clearly, creating a trustworthy and approachable experience for patients. Sandra S. Brice Clean and vibrant design that highlights health and nutrition products clearly, making content appealing, informative, and easy to navigate. Judy D. Roy Top Notch Customizing WordPress Theme and Template Support All our best WordPress themes are backed by good support and regular updates. We have made human driven documentation with easy to follow videos. We also provide email and forum support and try to resolve issues quickly. Documentation Support Live Chat FAQs How much do your best WP themes cost? These best themes for WordPress start from as low as $39 and some of the complex templates cost around $48. WP themes bundle package with several hundreds of themes costs around $69. Whereas the lifetime package with all plugins plus the WP themes costs around $199. All the rates are in US Dollars currency. After purchase what do I get? After purchase, you can download the WordPress theme zip file. You can also alternatively go to my-account page and download the theme anytime you want. You get access to the my-account area and support forum to raise any ticket. You can also email us using the contact page to get support. How to add demo import content? Each template comes with 1 click demo import content. So by just clicking on the step-by-step button you can import everything just like the demo and set it up on your website. We have helpful videos given in the documentation of each theme under theme features on each theme page. Are All Themes Accessible Ready? We haven’t tested all the themes for accessibility. But you can check and make use of accessibility ready plugins to make any of our best WordPress templates accessible ready. Are The WordPress Templates Compatible With WooCommerce? Yes, all of the WP templates are compatible with WooCommerce. Since its plug and play, any template can be converted to an online shopping platform by using this plugin. Can i buy multiple themes? We would suggest you go for the WordPress themes packages of Elementor, Gutenberg, All themes and Lifetime which costs less than 2 templates. This way you can save money and have all the website templates. Is it Worth It to Buy SKT’s WordPress Templates? We provide unlimited support for 1 year for every theme. Isn’t that great? Within a year you can build as many websites and you already are then comfortable using the best WP themes. Can I Use The Purchased WordPress Themes on Multiple Websites? Yes, you can do that. Multiple websites and domains are allowed. This is because most people work in localhost and then want to transfer their websites to live servers. In case you are a developer you can also use these starter websites to build sites for your clients. Is it Easy to Customize the Purchased WordPress Templates As Per My Brand? Yes. The header, the footer and the slider are editable from theme options or customizer and the rest all is editable using page builder. It is very easy to customize the WP templates by using page builder options and customizers. Will the finished website be aesthetically pleasing? That depends on the quality of image selection, the colors you choose etc. We have created aesthetically pleasing design website templates. If you need any support or paid customization we do provide the same. Is it SEO optimised? Yes and also compatible with all popular SEO plugins for getting you better search engine rankings. Are SKT Themes mobile-friendly and responsive? All our starter websites are mobile friendly and responsive for all kinds of devices. So tested with laptops, desktops, tablets, and mobile phones of varied screen resolutions. Are all the themes page speed and core web vitals optimized? Of course, they are. Plus they have been optimized to work with Cloudflare CDN, WP Rocket and other kinds of cache plugins for further enhancement and optimization. Do they support popular plugins? All popular plugins like contact forms, SEO plugins, eCommerce plugins, galleries etc are supported by these best WordPress themes. There are more than 50,000 plugins and counting. Its not possible for us to check for each one of them. But the popular ones are tested with our templates. Can we ask for extra customisation and hire you? Of course, we have a hire WordPress developer page and you can send us your requirements and we can get them done for you. Our charges are nominal and start at 15 USD per hour. Are there any lifetime package for your themes? Yes of course kindly check the lifetime WordPress package which includes both themes and plugins for life with lifetime support. Is it safe to use the images that come with a demo of your themes? All the images that we use are CC0 compliant. However, to be on the safer side we encourage users to use their images. You can also check CC0 image websites and find relevant images for your website. Is buying the theme a 1 time single charge? No, it’s an annual charge unless you buy the lifetime package which is a one-time single charge. However, you can cancel the subscription whenever you want. What is your license policy? Kindly check the terms and conditions for the licensing policy. What is your refund policy? We do not process refunds and all sales are final. This is because we are selling non-tangible digital products which cannot be returned. Do you provide free installation and support? Yes after purchase of the WordPress themes package, one can connect with us via email or contact page and ask for free theme installation and support. Do you provide PSD or Photoshop design files? Yes for single theme purchases, we provide single theme PSD. For All themes bundle however we cannot provide so many PSD or photoshop files. However, we do provide PSD files for the Lifetime package as well. What are the renewal fees? For support, the renewal fee is only 18 USD. In case you want the updated theme plus the support after a year, you will have to re-purchase the theme again. Do you provide discounts for NGO or charity websites? We do provide discounts for single theme purchases for NGO or charity websites. We however do not provide discounts on bundle packages since they are already discounted. Which is the best-selling WordPress theme? WordPress themes bundle is the best selling package from our end because at less cost than 2 themes it gives you access to hundreds of themes. Are there any free WordPress themes for trial? Yes we have free WordPress themes which are available. You can use them. They have limited features than the paid version but are usable and can be used to check how paid one will work plus you can utilise them to develop a small website. Work smarter, Create better, Build faster. Buy Theme Get free Installation Edit with Pagebuilder Make your Website live At SKT Themes we handpick our best WordPress themes and create it as per client demands and current market trends. So be it responsive or be it google fonts or theme options to make the site easy to use, our themes have all of the features. WordPress Website Themes and Templates by SKT Consider a website as a powerful marketing tool that can help you achieve the impossible by connecting your business to unlimited horizons across the globe you never could have imagined. Since online medium doesn’t know any boundaries it is easier to have your business located somewhere else but still cater to the whole world. A good professional WordPress theme can help you get the most out of your website and make you go places with your website getting more traffic and hits as well as sales or leads due to proper implementation of the call to action buttons and design. Since there are many businesses and their websites in the same domain it is important that your website stands out from the rest of the crowd and give you a headstart over others. Hence for this very reason nicely designed WordPress website templates can help you get to the top of others in this time of competition. Also there should be modern and futuristic features so that one can add useful functions easily into the website without waiting for someone to add them. So on your own one can easily add any feature or functionality. Essential Features Of SKT Themes In WordPress Web Development 1. Elementor Based Latest WP Themes. Elementor is future as has been advocated by WordPress dot org team and has been recommended to be used for default approach and hassle free guidelines to any user. Because every user right now needs to find the right place where the theme is being edited from in a customizer everyone would know where the theme is managed from. Also Customizer allows a great live experience for users to view all the changes made live. 2. Compatible with Recommended Page Builders Page builders are proving to be the best assistive technology for users who don’t have much experience with coding and hence they can add any fancy layout and features all at the click of a few buttons using page builders. Some page builders explicitly and out of the box work with all themes provided by SKT and hence they make the life of users easier. 3. Font based social icons Font based social icons have 2 easy advantages: First one being that there are more than 800+ icons that can be used throughout the website and second one that since these are font based icons one can easily change their sizes as well as colors easily using CSS or directly via theme options. 4. Unlimited possibilities of colors With color pickers it has become so easy for any user to change colors of any elements you see on the entire website. So independent of any element different color schemes can be used at various points. 5. Page templates Several page templates are included and also blog templates are included so that sidebar layout can be managed and maintained easily all throughout the website. 6. WooCommerce Integration eCommerce of any website can be easily managed and created using WooCommerce plugin which has been now part of the core team and hence it is becoming increasingly easier for eCommerce to be added to any website out of the box as all our themes work with WooCommerce by default. 7. Responsive and HD ready Responsiveness is now the life of all websites as more and more smartphone users are increasing and they are accessing the web via their smartphones and mobile phones and other handheld devices like tablets. Also HD ready is a new thing because of the latest TVs which are also becoming smart. Higher resolution and bigger screen display of any website also has become a necessity therefore. 8. Theme Design With changing trends we have also evolved our designs and constantly upgrade the themes. We normally use flat and material designs for maximum browser compatibility. 9. Demo Version 1 click demo importer is available with each template which means one can easily import any demo content and have the website ready just like shown in our demo. 10. Security All our designs and templates are coded as per WordPress theme codex standards. Hence they are secured and are also compatible with security plugins. Quick Links About Us Customization Hire WP Developer PSD to WP WP Monthly Maintenance Blog Sitemap Terms Privacy Categories Others Author Automotive Bakery Blog Business Church Construction Corporate Dentist Ebook Ecommerce Education Entertainment Fast Fitness Free Gutenberg Hotel HTML Interior Lawyer Magazine Medical Multipurpose Music Artist News NGO Non profit One Page Personal Photography Plugins Portfolio Real Estate Restaurant Spa and Salon Sports Technology Travel Wedding Follow Us Copyright © 2025 SKT Web Themes LLC By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies . Agree