Sky & Telescope | Your Guide to Astronomy & the Night Sky Update Location SUNSET: MOON: 90% Waxing Gibbous Interactive sky Chart Get Started Login Current Issue Renew Shop at Sky SEARCH CLOSE The Essential Guide to Astronomy MENU News Observing Tools The Essential Guide to Astronomy Clubs & Events Tours Subscribe Current Issue Renew Get Started Login Shop at Sky ASTRONOMY & OBSERVING NEWS Astronomy & Observing News Passing Baby Stars Lock Arms in Rare Astronomical Find By: Abha Jain December 30, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News Spaceflight for Astronomy — A Look Back and Ahead By: David Dickinson December 29, 2025 Celestial News & Events This Week's Sky at a Glance, December 26 – January 4 By: Alan MacRobert December 26, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News Tour 15 of the Brightest Stars on New Year's Eve (VIDEO) By: Scott Levine December 31, 2025 Tour 15 of the sky's brightest stars all in one night on this New Year's Eve! This interactive Worldwide Telescope video will show you the way. continue reading Free astronomical calendar! Sign up for our weekly e-newsletter and receive a FREE calendar of January celestial events — perfect to accompany gifts for skygazers. Stargazing Basics How To Start with Your New Telescope By: Alan MacRobert December 25, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News Did Astronomers See a Star Explode Twice? By: Colin Stuart December 23, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News Explore Orion's Massive New Stars with Binoculars By: Bob King December 22, 2025 Celestial News & Events This Week's Sky at a Glance, December 19 – 28 By: Alan MacRobert December 19, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News Glowing Arc by Andromeda Might Be Remnants of a Dying Star By: Arielle Frommer December 19, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News New Radar Data Chills Prospects of a Subglacial Lake on Mars By: Javier Barbuzano December 17, 2025 View More observing guides Astronomy & Observing News Tour 15 of the Brightest Stars on New Year's Eve (VIDEO) By: Scott Levine December 31, 2025 Celestial News & Events This Week's Sky at a Glance, December 26 – January 4 By: Alan MacRobert December 26, 2025 Stargazing Basics How To Start with Your New Telescope By: Alan MacRobert December 25, 2025 Astronomy & Observing News Explore Orion's Massive New Stars with Binoculars By: Bob King December 22, 2025 View More Where to Look Tonight This Week's Sky at a Glance, December 26 – January 4 This Week's Sky at a Glance, December 26 – January 4 Jupiter nears opposition. The waxing Moon pairs with Saturn, then guides the way to the fine telescopic double star Gamma Arietis. Later it passes the Pleiades. where to look December Podcast: Find the “Demon Star” Sky Tour Podcast During December you can watch for some impressive shooting stars and spend some time with the “Demon Star,” which can’t decide how bright it wants to be. Bundle up, grab your curiosity, and head outdoors for this month’s fun and informative Sky Tour. Subscribe Now The Gift of Warmth (and Whimsy) The Gift of Warmth (and Whimsy) An idea for the stubborn winter stargazer on your holiday list (especially if it's you!) Read more Jan 3–3 Event view more Go Stargazing at Sutton Bank Star Hub Thirsk YO7 2EX, United Kingdom Guide view more How to Choose A Telescope club view more Lehigh Valley Amateur Astronomical Society Previous Next Jan 3–3 Event view more Go Stargazing at Sutton Bank Star Hub Thirsk YO7 2EX, United Kingdom Guide view more How to Choose A Telescope club view more Lehigh Valley Amateur Astronomical Society Our Community Astronomers often spend their time lost among the stars, but the science of astronomy and the hobby of stargazing are also communal affairs. So, don’t be a stranger—find a group to get involved with today! Find an Event or Club Near You Editor's PICKS December's “Cold” Supermoon Photographer: Jon Greif Gum 15: A Star-Carved Nebula in Vela Photographer: starman_astro Messier's globulars Photographer: massimo.difusco Comet C/2025 K1 (ATLAS) with fragments Photographer: Jean-Claude MERLIN Comet Lemmon with NGC 3184 Photographer: Ela Şen Petroglyphs and Milky Way Photographer: Jordi Coy NGC 300 - Spiral galaxy in the constellation Sculptor Photographer: FERNANDO MENEZES NGC 7789 - Caroline's Rose (2025) Photographer: [email protected] NGC 7023 Iris Nebula Photographer: vitozilla The Cygnus Rift - 365 Hrs Photographer: Jeffreyhorne The Wizard Nebula -- SH 2-142 Photographer: Jon Greif Stellar embers and ashes - Flaming star nebula IC405 in Auriga Photographer: Ajay Mandke LDN 1642 Photographer: Daniel Stern NGC 6992 in Cygnus Photographer: Rod Pommier Tsuchinshan and the Milky Way in the Red Mountains Photographer: Hassan1980 IC 5332 The Ghostly Spiral Photographer: Daniel Stern The International Space station with a dobsonian Photographer: Arravintha Gobinathan M27 Dumbebell Nebula Photographer: Kunihiko Okano Total Lunar eclipse Photographer: alokesh mayur NGC6744 and the long bridge to N6744a Photographer: Kunihiko Okano Previous Next View Gallery submit your photo for as low as $ 29 .00 yearly This Month’s Issue Sky & Telescope Magazine Explore the astronomy magazine that’s been out of this world for more than 80 years. This month, join us as we check in on the landers and rovers heading to the Moon! Subscribe Explore this Issue for as low as $ 29 .00 yearly Issue Highlights Exploring Sidney van den Bergh’s Reflection Nebulae Scott Harrington E. E. Barnard and the Nebula That Wasn’t William Sheehan Fly Me to the Moon Jim Bell Advertisement About S&T About Us Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Shop at Sky / Swag Store Contact Us Subscription Help Email Newsletters Help & Resources Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Website Paywall FAQ For Contributors Writing for S&T Image Submission FAQ Tips for Submitting Images For Media S&T Press Releases Permission Requests For Advertisers Advertising Information Contact Advertising Sky & Telescope is part of AAS Sky Publishing, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the American Astronomical Society. Sky & Telescope, Night Sky, and skyandtelescope.org are registered trademarks of AAS Sky Publishing LLC. Sky & Telescope maintains a strict policy of editorial independence from the AAS and its research publications in reporting developments in astronomy to readers. Copyright ©2025 AAS Sky Publishing LLC. All rights reserved. Join Our Newsletter Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent ×