Enterprise Cloud Data Protection - Skyhigh Security Skip to main content About Us About Skyhigh Security Skyhigh Security Overview Leadership Awards and Industry Recognition Certifications and Compliance Contact Us Careers Featured Content Interactive Demo - Skyhigh SSE Try now → Skyhigh Security Corporate Brochure Learn more → Contact Our Experts Get a Live Demo Products Products Security Service Edge Cloud Access Security Broker Secure Web Gateway Private Access Data Security Posture Management Cloud-Native Application Protection Platform Platform Skyhigh Cloud Platform Data Loss Prevention Remote Browser Isolation Featured Content Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Report Download now → Gartner® Critical Capabilities Download now → Contact our experts Get a demo Solutions Solutions Skyhigh AI Secure Web & Cloud Detect & Mitigate Threats Connect & Secure Your Remote Workforce Identify & Protect Sensitive Data Industry Financial Services Public Sector Programs Blue Coat Buyback Program Featured Content Skyhigh AI Learn more → Public Sector Read more → Contact our experts Get a demo Knowledge Resources Resource Center Blog Newsroom Podcast Intelligence Digest Events & Webinars 2025 Cloud Adoption and Risk Report Security Service Edge RFP Template Learning Center Cybersecurity Fundamentals Cloud Security Best Practices What is Security Service Edge (SSE)? What is a Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB)? What is Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA)? Introduction to Data Security Posture Management (DSPM) Featured Content Skyhigh Security and Trellix Data Protection Learn More → Adopt ChatGPT Without Putting Your Business-Critical Data at Risk Read more → Contact our experts Get a demo Customers Partners Support Contact our experts Get a demo Advanced Data Security for the Modern Enterprise Secure your organization from threats and prevent data loss across all vectors. Try the Interactive Demo Talk to an Advisor Skyhigh AI Skyhigh AI provides best in breed AI-powered SSE solutions to safeguard your data, prevent threats, and ensure compliance, while enabling your organization to embrace AI to foster innovation securely and efficiently. Learn More Your browser does not support the video tag. Previous Next Skyhigh Security enables your remote workforce while addressing your cloud, web, data, and network security needs. Enable Your Remote Workforce Unleash your remote workforce to improve productivity and efficiency. Learn More Protect Your Sensitive Data Advanced DLP provides consolidated data protection through a unified data policy across the web, cloud, email, and private apps. Learn More Consolidate Your Security in One Platform Efficiently manage your cloud security using our cloud-native single platform to reduce your total cost of ownership. Learn More Our Powerful Suite of Security Technologies Cloud Access Security Broker A leading multi-tenant CASB solution that provides complete visibility and control for your cloud apps with real-time data protection and threat prevention. Explore CASB Secure Web Gateway A mature, intelligent web security solution that protects your workforce from zero-day threats and enforces data protection while accessing the web and cloud applications. Explore SWG Private Access (ZTNA) An alternative VPN solution that secures your remote and extended workforce to securely access private applications from managed and unmanaged devices. Explore Private Access Cloud-Native Application Protection Platform The industry's first comprehensive, automated, and frictionless platform to secure your enterprise cloud-native application ecosystem. Explore CNAPP Skyhigh Security is proud to announce its recognition as a Niche Player in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge (SSE) Read the Report Skyhigh Security is recognized for its Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute. Introducing the most robust , integrated cloud security platform available All SSE products are fully converged into one powerful platform, with DLP and RBI available as standard. Explore the Platform Skyhigh Security Customers We are Honored to Secure 3000+ Customers 80% of Global Banks 25% Fortune 500 Companies See Customers Accolades Awards and Recognition 2025 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for Security Service Edge Skyhigh Security Scores Highest in the Data Security Use Case in 2025 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for Security Service Edge (SSE) 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge Skyhigh Security is proud to announce its recognition as a Niche Player in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge (SSE) Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice Skyhigh Security Named a 2022 Gartner® Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice for Security Service Edge Data Quadrant Award Winner 2022 SoftwareReviews.com names Skyhigh Secure Web Gateway as a Secure Web Gateways - Enterprise Data Quadrant Award Winner Top Rated Secure Web Gateways 2022 SoftwareReviews.com names Skyhigh Secure Web Gateway as a Top Rated Secure Web Gateway - Enterprise Software Global InfoSec Awards 2022 Skyhigh Security Named Editor’s Choice, Cloud Security - Skyhigh Security Service Edge (SSE) Take the next steps to secure your cloud Multi-Vector Data Protection Hyperscale Service Edge Advanced Threat Protection All from a fully converged platform, managed from a single console Request a Demo Talk to an Advisor Company Overview Leadership Awards and Industry Recognition Certifications and Compliance Contact Us Careers Products Security Service Edge Cloud Access Security Broker Secure Web Gateway Private Access CNAPP Request a Product Demo Solutions Skyhigh AI Secure Web & Cloud Detect and Mitigate Threats Connect and Secure Remote Workers Identify and Protect Sensitive Data Resources Resource Center Newsroom Blog Podcast Intelligence Digest Events and Webinars Learning Center Customer Training Support Portal Partner Portal Privacy Legal Terms of Service Trust—Service Status Copyright ©2025 Musarubra US LLC Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may affect your experience with the website. See how we use this information in our Privacy Notice and more information about cookies in our Cookie Notice . Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Reject All View Preferences Save Preferences View Preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage cookies EN DE ES FR AR ID HI TH KO JA IT