To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may affect your experience with the website. See how we use this information in our Privacy Notice and more information about cookies in our Cookie Notice.

Accept All
Reject All
View Preferences
Skip to main content
About Us
Products
Solutions
Knowledge
Customers
Partners
Support
Advanced Data Security for the Modern Enterprise
Secure your organization from threats and prevent data loss across all vectors.
Try the Interactive Demo
Talk to an Advisor
Skyhigh AI

Skyhigh AI provides best in breed AI-powered SSE solutions to safeguard your data, prevent threats, and ensure compliance, while enabling your organization to embrace AI to foster innovation securely and efficiently.

Learn More
Skyhigh Security enables your remote workforce while addressing your cloud, web, data, and network security needs.

Enable Your Remote Workforce

Unleash your remote workforce to improve productivity and efficiency.

Learn More
Protect Your Sensitive Data

Advanced DLP provides consolidated data protection through a unified data policy across the web, cloud, email, and private apps.

Learn More
Consolidate Your Security in One Platform

Efficiently manage your cloud security using our cloud-native single platform to reduce your total cost of ownership.

Learn More
Our Powerful Suite of
Security Technologies
Cloud Access Security Broker

A leading multi-tenant CASB solution that provides complete visibility and control for your cloud apps with real-time data protection and threat prevention.

Explore CASB
Secure Web Gateway

A mature, intelligent web security solution that protects your workforce from zero-day threats and enforces data protection while accessing the web and cloud applications.

Explore SWG
Private Access (ZTNA)

An alternative VPN solution that secures your remote and extended workforce to securely access private applications from managed and unmanaged devices.

Explore Private Access
Cloud-Native Application Protection Platform

The industry's first comprehensive, automated, and frictionless platform to secure your enterprise cloud-native application ecosystem.

Explore CNAPP
Skyhigh Security is proud to announce its recognition as a Niche Player in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge (SSE)
Read the Report

Skyhigh Security is recognized for its Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute.

Introducing the most robust, integrated
cloud security platform available

All SSE products are fully converged into one powerful platform, with DLP and RBI available as standard.

Explore the Platform
Skyhigh Security Customers
We are Honored to Secure
3000+ Customers
80% of Global Banks
25% Fortune 500 Companies
See Customers
Accolades
Awards and Recognition
2025 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for Security Service Edge

Skyhigh Security Scores Highest in the Data Security Use Case in 2025 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for Security Service Edge (SSE)

2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge

Skyhigh Security is proud to announce its recognition as a Niche Player in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge (SSE)

Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice

Skyhigh Security Named a 2022 Gartner® Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice for Security Service Edge

Data Quadrant Award Winner 2022

SoftwareReviews.com names Skyhigh Secure Web Gateway as a Secure Web Gateways - Enterprise Data Quadrant Award Winner

Top Rated Secure Web Gateways 2022

SoftwareReviews.com names Skyhigh Secure Web Gateway as a Top Rated Secure Web Gateway - Enterprise Software

Global InfoSec Awards 2022

Skyhigh Security Named Editor’s Choice, Cloud Security - Skyhigh Security Service Edge (SSE)

Take the next steps to secure your cloud
Multi-Vector Data Protection
Hyperscale Service Edge
Advanced Threat Protection

All from a fully converged platform, managed from a single console

Request a Demo
Talk to an Advisor
Company
Overview
Leadership
Awards and Industry Recognition
Certifications and Compliance
Contact Us
Careers
Products
Security Service Edge
Cloud Access Security Broker
Secure Web Gateway
Private Access
CNAPP
Request a Product Demo
Solutions
Skyhigh AI
Secure Web & Cloud
Detect and Mitigate Threats
Connect and Secure Remote Workers
Identify and Protect Sensitive Data
Resources
Resource Center
Newsroom
Blog
Podcast
Intelligence Digest
Events and Webinars
Learning Center
Customer Training
Support Portal
Partner Portal
Privacy  Legal  Terms of Service  Trust—Service Status  Copyright ©2025 Musarubra US LLC
   
EN