Rural Internet Plans - Satisfaction Guaranteed | Skymesh Australia Residential Business Support My account Order now 1300 759 637 1300 698 945 nbn® Plans Sky Muster® Plus Fixed Wireless nbn® Fibre Amazon Leo WiFi Routers Customer stories News Contact us Check address Check address nbn® Plans Sky Muster® Plus Fixed Wireless nbn® Fibre Amazon Leo WiFi Routers Customer stories News Contact us Support My account Order now 1300 759 637 Check address Current Address: View plans Change
                     address Internet that works as hard as you do Just like you, our internet never takes a day off. Join today risk-free with our 30-day satisfaction guarantee. See what’s available at your place Check address Connecting the country since 2005 For over two decades, we’ve helped Aussies stay connected wherever they call home. From the city to the bush, we deliver internet that goes beyond. Multi-award-winning plans Winning 5 Whistleout awards is testament to our unwavering commitment to delivering reliable internet services. 45,000+ happy regional homes We’ve helped connect thousands of remote and regional Australian families to better broadband services and they couldn’t be happier. View customer stories nbn® plans View plans Amazon’s Project Kuiper Learn More nbn’s #1 specialised regional internet provider From building our own wireless broadband networks to helping nbn® commission the latest Sky Muster® Plus satellite service, there isn’t much we don’t know about regional connectivity. Why Skymesh We’re dedicated to helping Australians access better internet from the city to the bush. Australian Owned Speak to our team of regional internet experts who are on hand 7-days a week, even on public holidays. Unlimited data plans We offer unlimited data plans across all tech types anywhere in Australia. Do more of what you love without data limits and experience the freedom of unlimited data today. Free setup No hidden connection, setup, activation, establishment, upgrade, or delivery fees. Your first service bill is just your monthly plan fee. No Lockin contracts Join Skymesh on 30-day no lock-in contract. If you aren’t happy with the service, you can cancel within the first 30 days without penalty. Talk to our friendly team to learn more. BYO wi-fi router friendly Bring your own nbn® compatible router or buy a Skymesh plug-n-play router for just $199.99 with FREE shipping. Please note, BYO support is limited and you will need to be comfortable configuring your router. 20+ years regional experience We’ve helped rural Australians access a better internet connection for well over a decade. From building our own wireless networks to helping nbn® commission the latest satellite service. Have Questions? Frequently Asked Questions Get in touch How much does an internet plan cost monthly? The cost of internet plans depends on a lot of factors, such as your data allocation, provider, setup fees, use case and more. Most plans offer a fixed amount of data for a certain price, and once you go over your data limit, you might be charged more. Moreover, for some ISPs, the price you see isn’t necessarily the price you’ll pay. There are often additional fees, like installation costs, activation fees, and equipment fees, among others. Skymesh offers a variety of affordable and data-friendly plans, ranging from a few GBs up to unlimited internet plans with uncapped data and no standard setup fees or termination fees. You can choose the plan based on your monthly internet usage and find one that fits your budget. Skymesh’s online customer portal has a user-friendly design along with comprehensive tutorials showing you how to track and break down your data summary by day, week, and month. This way, it’s easier than which could slow things down, depending on its age and condition. What type of internet plan is best for pensioners? When choosing an internet plan for your premises, you should consider your own phone and internet habits and whether or not you have other people in your household who are avid internet users. For empty nesters, reasonably cheap internet plans with a basic or moderate data allowance may be sufficient for your usage. But you may want to spend time Skyping with your family, streaming your favourite movies, or downloading all the TV shows you missed out on over the years. If you plan on using the internet heavily, you will need a larger data allowance. Maybe you have children and grandchildren who do their work from home on shifting schedules or in the early hours of the morning. In this case, you may want to consider options like the tiered fibre internet nbn® 25 , nbn® 50 , and nbn® 100 plans , as they have data allowances for peak hours and off-peak hours. If you use your phone a lot, you can still get nbn® without a phone line by adding a Skymesh Voice plan (VoIP) to any existing Fixed Wireless nbn® , Sky Muster®, or Sky Muster® Plus plans to make calls with your phone over the internet. The call quality will remain just as good as your regular landline calls. (Please note that Skymesh does not offer standard telephone services with Priority Assistance.) What factors should I consider when choosing an internet plan provider? Firstly, you’ll want to verify that the provider offers service in your area. You can easily do this by looking up your address on our website or asking our friendly team of experts. Skymesh specialises in providing business internet and home internet plans to regional Australians located in some of the most remote parts of the country. Next, you’ll want to learn more about the services available at your premises. Check your address to see which wireless broadband technology is available in your location. As a retail service provider, Skymesh has access to thousands of the network’s towers all around the country. Our nbn® Fixed Wireless service covers regional areas that have widely spread end-user sites by attaching an antenna to the roof of your property to receive a signal from the nearest nbn® service tower. For off-the-grid homemakers as far out as the bush or outback, our satellite internet Sky Muster® and Sky Muster® Plus plans have provided over fifteen years of connectivity compared to Starlink Australia and similar benefits as Telstra satellite internet plans. These plans are coproducts of the nbn®, which gives Skymesh access to nbn® ground stations and space satellites that can beam internet connectivity to your home via a satellite dish installed by an expert technician. For medium-to-large-sized businesses and enterprises, nbn® Business Satellite Services (BSS) can offer larger data allowances and tailored business SLAs. Third, you may want to consider the commitment of the contract. Some internet plans lock you into contracts lasting years. Skymesh is confident in its quality service; that’s why we offer 30-day no-lock-in contracts and don’t charge a cancellation fee. You can also commit to longer contracts for certain technology types and experience even greater benefits from the ones you already enjoy. Finally, you’ll want to consider your provider’s customer service and reliability. What are the types of internet connections? Skymesh provides WiFi internet plans under three main internet types. Sky Muster® Satellite: Sky Muster® satellite brings internet to your home using a roof dish that communicates wirelessly to two advanced satellites in space to keep you connected, even in remote locations. Fixed Wireless: Fixed wireless internet plans also use a wireless setup, but instead of satellites, they rely on antennas outside of your house to connect you wirelessly to the nbn® network. Fixed Line: It uses fibre optic cables to deliver a fast WiFi connection to your home. Depending on where you live, nbn® uses a mix of fibre and copper to complete the connection. Across the country, nbn® uses various Fixed Line configurations: Fibre to the Premises (FTTP) Fibre to the Curb (FTTC) Fibre to the Node (FTTN) Fibre to the Building (FTTB) Hybrid Fibre Coaxial (HFC) These technologies affect how the internet is delivered to your premises, influencing both speed and reliability. In some cases, the final stretch of the connection may use existing copper wiring, which could slow things down, depending on its age and condition. How do I know which internet is available in my area? The type of internet service you can get depends on factors like the local infrastructure and whether there’s a clear line of sight for internet WiFi provider technologies like Sky Muster® satellite and Fixed Wireless. For example, if you’re in a remote area, Fixed Line might not be an option for you, but you might still be able to get internet access through Sky Muster® or Fixed Wireless. Check your address to know what type of technology and plans are available in your location. Our online address checker offers an easy way to help you figure out exactly what internet plans are available where you live. Simply enter your address, and you’ll know in moments whether you can connect to Sky Muster® satellite, Fixed Wireless or Fixed Line. If you can’t find your address or need additional details, don’t worry, as our team is here to assist you. Just reach out, and we’ll guide you through the next steps. Which internet speed is best for my home? The best internet speed for your home depends on how many people are using the connection and what it’s used for. For example, basic browsing needs less, while streaming or gaming needs more. That’s why Skymesh offers a range of internet plans with different speed tiers to suit your needs. Whether you’re after a reliable basic plan or faster speeds for streaming and downloads, there’s an option to match, depending on your location. Sky Muster® Plus is available on unlimited data plans. You can choose wireless WiFi internet plans that offer download speeds of up to 25 Mbps, 50 Mbps or 100 Mbps, depending on what suits your needs. For Fixed Wireless, Skymesh offers internet plans with unlimited data and a range of high speed options. View our nbn wireless plans for more information. For Fixed Line connections, like FTTP, FTTB, FTTC or FTTN, we offer great value internet plans with unlimited data and three main speed tiers: nbn® 25, nbn® 50 and nbn® 100. These deliver typical evening speeds of up to 25 Mbps, 48 Mbps and 98 Mbps, respectively. But even with high-speed broadband offers, real-world speeds can vary from one home to the next. Factors like distance from infrastructure for Fixed Wireless and Sky Muster® or the condition of copper wiring for Fixed Line can affect your speeds. nbn® is constantly upgrading its network, which means that your home might need new equipment like a better WiFi modem to reach the higher speeds available. Once your service is up and running, you’ll be able to see the actual speeds you’re getting. Can you cancel an internet subscription? Yes, you can. At Skymesh, our plans do not have lock-in agreements. We won’t even charge you termination fees. However, we require a 30-day notice of cancellation for a smooth experience. You will then receive a final invoice from us for a prorata charge. Want to choose other internet connection options? You can upgrade or downgrade at any time with a quick heads-up. If the new plan needs extra hardware, we’ll let you know during the process so everything runs smoothly. And if you’ve seen other home internet offers and decide to upgrade in the middle of your billing cycle, you’ll only pay the difference for the rest of that month. What is the cheapest internet plan? There are a variety of affordable wireless WiFi plans , like Ultra25 with Sky Muster® Plus and nbn® 25 on Fixed Line. These are great options for households with one or two members who use the internet to stream HD videos, navigate websites and more. What’s the best nbn® plan for me? The best nbn® internet choices for homes and businesses depend on the available connection type in your location, whether it’s Sky Muster®, Fixed Wireless or Fixed Line, as well as your required speed. If you have many users or need fast speeds for activities like video calls and 4K streaming, high-speed internet options are recommended. For smaller households, basic WiFi plans are sufficient. Does nbn® require an existing phone line? No, nbn® does not require an existing phone line. Unlike ADSL, which relies on a copper phone line, nbn® delivers internet through its own network (Fixed Wireless, fibre or satellite internet options). If you still want a phone, Skymesh offers an ATA device (e.g., Grandstream HT801) that allows VoIP calls over your internet connection. Check your address See what’s available at your property Check address “ ” 600+ 5 Star reviews What a few of our happy customers think Exceptional service for 17 years Skymesh has always given exceptional service, always happy to fix any problems. Terri-Jane , Reviewed July, 2025 Prompt, Efficient and Friendly I changed from Starlink to Skymesh, and I haven’t stopped smiling. I can speak to a friendly, helpful human when I have a query. Angela , Reviewed July, 2025 Highly recommend making the switch The entire process from sign-up to installation was smooth and hassle-free. Loving the speeds that we are getting Trev J , Reviewed Mar, 2025 Excellent service I’ve used Sky Muster for years, no fuss, no bother, It just works as it should. Martin Sullivan , Reviewed Apr, 2025 Excellent assistance I was pleasently surprised by the helpful and cheery assistance I received yesterday. Olivia , Reviewed Jan, 2025 Amazing tech assistance This guy was so patient with me and explained everything so well. Thanks so much. Janine D , Reviewed Dec, 2024 Satisfaction Guarantee Terms Apply Join today risk-free with our 30-day satisfaction guarantee. Talk to our team today to learn more and get connected. Check address Call 1300 759 637 Internet plans Getting access to reliable regional internet plans has been challenging for many Australians. While urban areas benefit from ever-expanding mobile and fixed-line networks, regional areas have historically been at the short end of the digital divide. It has been a challenge for regional homes and businesses to access quality internet in Australia. If you’re a resident of a regional hub searching up ‘What internet is available at my address?’ then you’ll know how important it is to have a reliable internet connection and how frustrating it can be when you don’t have it. Internet connections are no longer a luxury but an essential part of everyday life. That’s why we at Skymesh have made it our mission to connect the unconnected, and we’ve been doing it for well over a decade. Internet plans that mean business We’re committed to helping Aussie businesses thrive. From city centre locations to remote regions, you can count on Skymesh to deliver a connectivity solution that means business. Learn more Let’s chat Our friendly team is ready to help out with all new connection enquiries. Give us a shout, we’re here to help. Check address Call 1300 759 637 Check your address See what’s available at your property Check address “ ” Skymesh About Blog Reviews Careers Residential nbn® Plans Optional Extras Customer stories Support Remote Support Business Starlink OneWeb nbn® BSS Support Plans Partner Program Get in touch Contact us 1300 759 637 1300 698 945 Legal General Terms Skymesh Connect Customer Terms Privacy Policy Payment Assistance Policy Skymesh Connect Privacy Policy Schedule of Fees Complaints Handling Policy Online Safety Code Manual Webmail Domestic Violence Support Satisfaction Guarantee Site Map Router Return Policy About Skymesh © Skymesh, 2005-2025. All Rights Reserved. © Skymesh, 2005-2025. All Rights Reserved. Actual speeds Data speeds for the Service are variable and are suitable for basic Internet connectivity. The actual speed you will experience at any given time will vary depending on various factors including network (signal, proximity, line of sight or congestion), location (modem placement, distance from the wireless tower, geography, obstructions), weather, hardware and software. Your speed will typically be less than the limits imposed by the wholesale network. When we have enough reliable data, we will publish typical busy-period speeds. Speeds may differ from third-party mobile access services on the same network. Close Check your address See what’s available at your property Check
                                address