Sky News Australia | Australian News Headlines & World News | Sky News Australia SKY NEWS LIVE Subscribe Log in My account Log out Australia Politics Defence & foreign affairs Crime Sport Weather World United States United Kingdom China Global Affairs Opinion Andrew Bolt Chris Kenny Paul Murray Peta Credlin Rita Panahi Sharri Markson Outsiders Insights & analysis Business Finance Markets Media Real Estate Tech & innovation Energy Science Lifestyle Arts & Culture Celebrity Life Health Travel Trending Stream Live channels Opinion programs News shows Documentaries Listen Sky News Radio The Bolt Report Business Now Business Weekend Credlin Danica and James Danica De Giorgio The Kenny Report The Late Debate The Media Show Outsiders Paul Murray Live Power Hour The Rita Panahi Show Rowan Dean Sharri Steve Price The Sunday Showdown The U.S. Report Special Investigations Sky News Support Sky News Australia. Get unlimited online streaming access today. Watch Live STREAM Sky News Live Stream now Primetime Videos Opinion 05:22 Farmers outraged over Labor’s renewable push in the regions Farmer Ben Duxson joins writer and broadcaster Kel Richards to go over the rural outrage from Labor’s renewable projects in the regions. Opinion 11:01 Sydney Lord Mayor ‘caved to criticism’ on New Years Eve Bondi tribute Sky News contributor Jaimee Rogers says Sydney Lord Mayor Clover Moore has “caved to criticism” in agreeing to project a menorah on the Harbour… Opinion 05:00 ‘Cracks emerging’: Labor blasted for ‘poor’ economic management Judo Bank’s Economic Advisor Warren Hogan claims Labor’s economic management for 2025 has been “pretty poor”. Opinion 07:49 Victoria faces crime crisis as police numbers dwindle Victorian Liberal MP David Davis sits down with writer and broadcaster Kel Richards to go over Victoria’s crisis in police recruitment. Opinion 03:57 ‘Incredibly strong meeting’: Trump continues ‘pressure’ on Hamas disarmament News Corp Columnist Angela Mollard says pressure “has to continue” on Hamas to disarm. Opinion 04:54 Trump ‘standing by his word’ on peace talks in Middle East One Nation National Executive Manager Lee Hanson says United States President Donald Trump is “standing by his word” in peace talks over the… LIVE Australia 56 minutes ago Australia welcomes 2026 with joy and dazzling lightshows Millions of Australians have gathered to take in spectacular New Year’s fireworks displays as the nation welcomes the arrival of 2026. Join SkyNews.com.au for rolling news and political coverage. Exclusive Politics Islamic imams rebuked for ‘disgraceful’ attempt to bar Israel’s President from visiting Bondi The Australian National Imams Council (ANIC) has been strongly criticised for its “disgraceful” attempt to stop Israel’s President Isaac Herzog from visiting the site of the Bondi terror attack. Politics Leading lawyer refutes Albanese’s royal commission trauma claim A top lawyer, who oversaw a Victorian inquiry into historic child sex abuse in public schools, has refuted Prime Minister Anthony Albanese’s claim a royal commission would re-traumatise victims of the Bondi terror attack. Politics ‘Profound disrespect’: Jewish Association calls for Labor ministers to be banned from events over Bondi attack The Australian Jewish Association is calling on Jewish groups to bar Labor ministers from community events in the wake of the Bondi attack, as pressure mounts on Anthony Albanese over his refusal to establish a Royal Commission into the tragedy. Politics ‘Plainly inadequate’: Labor’s terror review under fire for failing to mention antisemitism Anthony Albanese’s narrow departmental review into the Bondi Beach massacre has been trashed after it was revealed it failed to mention antisemitism, radicalisation, or the role of his government. Finance New Year’s Eve chaos as hundreds walk off the job at Melbourne’s Crown Casino Hundreds of workers are set to walk off the job at Melbourne’s Crown Casino over pay conditions in a major strike on New Year’s Eve. Exclusive Politics US Congress threatens to compel Australia’s eSafety Commissioner to testify amid global censorship claims The US congress has threatened to compel Australia’s eSafety Commissioner Julie Inman Grant to testify over allegations that the regulator harassed American tech companies and attempted to “implement a global censorship regime”. Australia Australia PM calls for unity after Bondi attack in New Year’s message Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has issued his New Year’s message to Australians on the eve of 2026 and called for unity in the wake of the Bondi Beach terror attack against the Jewish community. Join SkyNews.com.au for rolling news and political coverage. Breaking News Missing teen identified after boat capsizes near popular Sydney beach A missing 15-year-old boy has been identified after a boat capsized near a popular Sydney beach, killing a man who has yet to be named by police. Health Health alert at major airport over ‘highly infectious’ virus An urgent health warning has been issued after a person carrying a highly infectious disease arrived at Sydney airport, as officials urged anyone visiting the same locations to monitor for symptoms. Exclusive Politics Australia’s 2025 political year in review From burqa stunts and stinky salmon to stage dives and wayward footballs, Australia’s political landscape in 2025 was a rollercoaster of protest, scandal and tragedy. Breaking News Hundreds evacuated in Melbourne gas leak Hundreds of workers have been evacuated after a gas leak at a Melbourne manufacturing plant, sparking a major emergency response. updated Breaking News Dog missing after 2yo boy brutally attacked A two-year-old boy has been flown to hospital with facial injuries after a dog attack on the NSW Central Coast, while the animal remains missing. Crime Woman charged over alleged role in public shooting after 30 rounds fired into family home A woman has been charged over a drive-by shooting earlier this year, after 30 bullets were fired into a family home while 11 people – including four young kids – slept inside. Breaking News ‘Tested our nation’: Ley’s NYE message Opposition Leader Sussan Ley has declared 2025 a year that “tested our nation” and “ended with a tragedy”. Insights & Analysis Analysis Insights and analysis ‘Seminal moment’: Searing JK Rowling tweet made her my person of the year Five years after her brand collapsed amid a wave of progressive backlash, Harry Potter author JK Rowling stands completely vindicated, writes Nicholas Sheppard. Exclusive Insights and analysis White doves and a luxury suite: The media demands of Bondi hero Ahmed Al Ahmed From white doves to a $6,000-a-night suite, Sky News went to extraordinary lengths to tell Ahmed Al Ahmed’s story, only to be left waiting as promises unravelled. Analysis Insights and analysis ‘Flogging fancy compote’: New theory on why Sussexes’ PR chief is stepping down The impressive resume of Meghan and Harry’s departing PR chief Meredith Maines is as good an indication as any about why she is sick of Team Sussex, writes Tessa Dunlop. World United States Body found in search for missing teen – remains to be ID’d in ‘next day or two’ A body has been found in the search for a missing teenager, nearly a week after she vanished from her home on Christmas Eve, according to authorities. Global Affairs Trump blasts ‘vicious’ Iranian regime as currency collapse fuels nationwide protests Donald Trump has voiced his support of Iranian protesters as demonstrations inside the country entered into a third consecutive day, expanding beyond the capital’s commercial centre. United States JFK’s granddaughter, dies at 35 after year-and-a-half leukemia battle Tatiana Schlossberg, the environmental journalist and author who was the granddaughter of former President John F. Kennedy, has died at the age of 35, her family announced. United States Remains of missing triathlete found after shark spotted with body in its mouth The body of the triathlete killed in a shark attack has been recovered a week after she vanished while swimming with her husband, according to reports. Global Affairs British company’s secretive role in new ‘intermittent’ search for MH370 A secretive 55-day search for lost Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has begun, with a British company set to play a key role in attempting to locate the missing aircraft. Global Affairs Protests intensify across Iran as demonstrators clash with security forces Demonstrations have escalated across Iran with authorities deploying tear gas amid strikes and street clashes, according to reports. Global Affairs ‘Hell to pay’ for Hamas, Trump warns after Netanyahu meeting US President Donald Trump has outlined his latest ultimatum for Hamas, following an extensive meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. United States Pelosi reveals the truth behind Trump’s 2020 speech viral ripping moment Former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has revealed why she tore up President Trump’s 2020 State of the Union address — the moment that went viral at the time when she was Speaker of the House. Opinion Videos 03:47 Opinion ‘We need a sense of humour’: Parents outraged at satirical news targeting private schooling Former Liberal senator Hollie Hughes analyses how parents are feeling outraged at an article mocking private schools and schoolchildren. 03:38 Opinion Australian taxpayer funds used for physics research program with Russian nuclear scientist Reports reveal Australian taxpayer funds are being used to research physics at ANU with a Russia-connected nuclear scientist. 05:56 Opinion ‘Yet another meeting’: Zelensky and Trump discuss Ukraine peace plan United States President Donald Trump and Ukrainian  President Volodymyr Zelensky have met once again to go over the peace plan ahead for Russia… Full episodes 48:35 PREMIUM Credlin Credlin | 31 December 49:03 PREMIUM The Bolt Report The Bolt Report | 31 December 49:25 PREMIUM The Late Debate The Late Debate | 29 December 48:46 PREMIUM The Bolt Report The Bolt Report | 29 December 49:15 PREMIUM The Late Debate The Late Debate | 30 December 48:59 PREMIUM The Bolt Report The Bolt Report | 30 December Business Finance New Year’s Eve chaos as hundreds walk off the job at Melbourne’s Crown Casino Hundreds of workers are set to walk off the job at Melbourne’s Crown Casino over pay conditions in a major strike on New Year’s Eve. Media Channel Nine’s AI-generated Brisbane skyline pulled off air A Channel 9 AI-generated promo broadcast in Queensland has been pulled off air after featuring a Brisbane skyline with fabricated buildings and distorted geography. Markets ASX 200 slides on second last day of 2025 The ASX is down on Tuesday despite an early boost in the first hours of trading on the second last day of trading this year. Business Harassed Jewish bakery owner’s crucial demand after ‘near constant’ antisemitism The famous Jewish bakery owner who was forced to shut up shop after two years of “near constant antisemitic harassment” has laid out his crucial demand to tackle widespread anti-Jewish hatred. Finance Major changes coming to Australia on January 1: Everything you need to know Millions of Australians will benefit from cheaper medicines and cash boosts as a raft of major changes takes effect from January 1. Energy Australia on track to miss net zero goal by a decade New research has suggested Australia will be nowhere close to net zero emissions by 2050, despite the Albanese government’s aggressive rollout of renewable energy sources. Markets ASX dives in first trading day since Christmas Eve Aussie stocks have fallen on Monday in the first day of trading since Christmas Eve with popular stock DroneShield diving. Finance More senior resignations at Star as major shake-up continues Another two major executives at Star Entertainment Group are leaving the embattled casino operator as its new owners continue to reshape the company. Business Big Boxing Day spend predicted despite cost-of-living concerns, as sales are announced Australian businesses will host Boxing Day deals, as experts predict a big post-Christmas spend on Friday. Lifestyle Celebrity life ‘The Wire’ actor Isiah Whitlock Jr. dies at age 71 Actor Isiah Whitlock Jr. who starred in ‘The Wire’ crime drama has died at the age of 71 after battling a short illness. Health Health alert at major airport over ‘highly infectious’ virus An urgent health warning has been issued after a person carrying a highly infectious disease arrived at Sydney airport, as officials urged anyone visiting the same locations to monitor for symptoms. Trending Expat living in Dubai exposes problem facing Aussies in UAE An Aussie expat living in Dubai has exposed a problem facing Australians moving to the UAE. Trending Most frugal TikTok creator shocks viewers with 2025 savings stunts TikTok users are torn after the “most frugal” online influencer shared his boldest cost saving choices of 2025. Celebrity life Ex-wife of late Geoffrey Edelsten faces serious drug charges after Melbourne house raid The ex-wife of the late businessman Geoffrey Edelsten has fronted court after police allegedly found quantities of meth and ketamine at her inner-Melbourne home. Sponsored Travel Give yourself the gift of a European Christmas cruise By the time Christmas Day arrives, we are often too tired to truly enjoy it. Why not break the cycle? Give yourself the ultimate gift: a Christmas markets cruise through the heart of Europe. Sponsored Travel Voyages for Culture: Exploring the World’s Great Art with Viking Travellers can discover museums and ancient wonders – from Amsterdam to Cairo and Athens aboard adult-only ships, writes Des Houghton. Travel Archaeologists unearth extraordinary mass graves from centuries-old European battles Archaeologists have stumbled across multiple military graves during highway construction in central Europe – shedding light on forgotten battles dating back hundreds of years. Watch 03:43 Australia Today’s News Headlines: PM releases a message for New Year’s Anthony Albanese wishes Australians Happy New Year while paying tribute to the victims of the Bondi attack, one person has died and a 14-year-old… 00:33 Australia One person dead after boat capsizes off NSW coast One person is dead and a 14-year-old boy is missing after a boat capsized off the coast of NSW. 00:40 Australia Melbourne Crown Casino workers to strike on NYE Workers at Melbourne’s Crown Casino will go on strike tonight on New Year’s Eve. 03:43 Politics ‘Very helpful to us’: Minns praises NSW Opposition for helping push for ‘major changes’ NSW Premier Chris Minns claims the NSW Opposition has been “very helpful” in pushing through “major changes”. 04:23 Politics Chris Minns promises to confront ‘violent radicalism’ in NSW NSW Premier Chris Minns claims his government is rolling out changes “necessary” for NSW to confront “violent radicalism” in NSW. 03:18 Politics ‘Part-time energy minister’: Chris Bowen blasted for ‘rising energy bills’ Opposition Leader Sussan Ley has blasted the “part-time energy minister” Chris Bowen for “rising energy bills”. 02:00 Politics Anthony Albanese releases message for New Year’s Eve Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has released a message for the New Year paying tribute to the victims of the Bondi attack. 08:39 Australia ‘Federal matter’: ‘Climate of antisemitism’ in Australia warrants royal commission Sydney Barrister and Constitutional Law Expert Gray Connolly claims a royal commission is needed over the “climate of antisemitism” in Australia…. 04:21 Politics ‘Getting more expensive’: Albanese blasted for more broken promises Opposition Leader Sussan Ley claims that “everything is getting more expensive” despite a “Prime Minister who promised everything would… 03:52 Australia Today’s News Headlines: Stolen car linked to planned shooting Police arrest a 17-year-old over a suspected public place shooting plot in Sydney, Chris Minns pushes for a royal inquiry. Plus, an Australian… 02:30 Australia E-Safety Commissioner called to US Committee The Chairman of the US House Judiciary Committee has written a letter to E-Safety Commissioner Julie Inman Grant. 09:12 Politics ‘Australians deserve a straight answer’: Sussan Ley asks what Albanese is hiding Opposition leader Sussan Ley questions what Anthony Albanese is trying to hide by not conducting a royal commission. Listen Live Media Listen to ‘Sky News Radio’ on the Nova Player app Don’t miss a moment of Sky News Australia’s breaking news and analysis with Sky News Radio. Listen to your favourite shows live or catch up on podcasts when you’re on the move. Listen now on the Nova Player app. Podcast Opinion Catch up on your favourite Sky News shows with podcasts If you’ve missed your favourite Sky News show on Foxtel or would prefer to catch up in a podcast, a selection of programming is available here or on your favourite podcast app. Stream Sky News channels and shows Breaking news email alerts Listen to 'Sky News Radio' Subscribe Log in Members Connect with Sky News Newsletters Commenting guidelines Subscribe Subscription Terms FAQs About Us TV Guide About Sky News The SkyNews.com.au team Careers Our WGEA Statement Media releases Legal Corrections Contact Us Feedback Complaints Partner with Sky News Content sales and licensing Our News Network The Australian Daily Telegraph Herald Sun Courier Mail Adelaide Now Our Partners Sky News on Flash Foxtel Sky News Regional Australia Channel Program Partners Our Apps A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. Sometimes our articles will try to help you find the right product at the right price. We may receive payment from third parties for publishing this content or when you make a purchase through the links on our sites. Privacy policy Relevant ads opt-out Cookie policy Terms of use Australian News Channel Pty Ltd © 2017 - 2026. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP