Cheap Flights, Airline Tickets & Airfare Deals | Kiwi.com Your privacy, your choice When you browse our website, Kiwi.com and our partners will process your data as necessary for our services to work. By selecting accept, you also agree with the processing of your personal data for performance, marketing and personalized advertisement purposes, as well as using cookies to do so. You can find the full list of the cookies used and learn more about how and why we process your personal data in our Privacy Policy . You can always withdraw your consent through the Privacy Settings section of our website. Customize Reject all Accept Flights Flights Cars Cars Stays Stays Magazine Magazine Marketplace Marketplace Deals Deals KRW Loading Manage your trips, set up price alerts, use Kiwi.com Credit, and get personalized support. Sign in English - KRW ₩ Kiwi.com mobile app Disruption protection Discover Cheap Flights Flights to Countries Airports Airlines Last minute flights Magazine Terms and policies Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Privacy settings Company About Kiwi.com Kiwi.com Guarantee Careers code.kiwi.com Media Room Find cheap flights to any destination Trusted by millions Kiwi.com Guarantee for stress-free travel One search, all the best deals Anytime Popular flights near you One-way Return Seoul Jeju City from ₩23,722 Seoul Qingdao from ₩98,277 Seoul Shenyang from ₩99,971 Seoul Hong Kong from ₩108,443 Seoul Da Nang from ₩116,915 Seoul Cebu from ₩118,610 Seoul Nha Trang from ₩120,304 Explore low prices on map How to book cheap flights on Kiwi.com Kiwi.com is the best way to search, find and book cheap flights. We make discounts, flight deals, and low-cost airfares easy to find. To find cheap flights online, Kiwi.com is the best and easiest way to get discounts on one-way, return, international, and multi-city routes. This guide explains how Kiwi.com works, and how we can help you search and book the cheapest flights available. Eight tips for booking cheap flights on Kiwi.com The best time and day to book flights It’s easy to find the best time and day to fly using Kiwi.com’s flexible search engine. You can enter the exact dates you’d like to travel, or you can choose a range of dates to find the cheapest option. When you search, you will see the lowest price available on each date, so you can select the one that’s right for you, or filter to find the fastest or best options. You can also filter flights by maximum price, or choose a range of prices. Find cheap flights without a destination If you want to find the cheapest flights to anywhere, you can do that on Kiwi.com as well. If you don’t have a particular destination, simply choose your departure location and select ‘Anywhere’ as your destination. This will show you the cheapest routes from your location. You can also use our map search to find a cheap destination: zoom in or move the map, and destinations and prices will appear. You can see the best deals highlighted in green, so you’ll know you’re getting a great price. Find cheap international flights Istanbul from London Tirana from London Barcelona from London Jeddah from London Tel Aviv from London London from Istanbul Search for flexible deals on international flights using Multi-city. You can choose multiple cities to visit, select the dates or date range you’d like to travel, and our Kiwi-Code will find you an itinerary. You can then filter by cheapest, fastest or best, and buy the whole itinerary for one price, in one click. NOMAD is a feature of Kiwi.com that helps you find the cheapest Multi-city price if you want to visit a number of cities, but you’re flexible about which order to see them. It’s a travel hack that exists only to find you the cheapest price. Select NOMAD from the drop-down search menu, enter your origin city and the destinations you’d like to visit. Choose a time period to stay in each city. Select an end city (or return to your origin city), and click Search journeys. NOMAD then calculates every possible route combination and finds you the cheapest. Like Multi-city, you can book your whole itinerary for one price, in one click. It’s an amazing tool, and one that’s exclusive to Kiwi.com. Using Kiwi.com’s Kiwi-Code, even if the airlines on your itinerary don’t usually have a partnership to work together, we can combine routes and deals that don’t normally exist to give you the cheapest price available for your entire trip. Flying on a budget If you always want to see the cheapest deals, Kiwi.com has a number of ways to help. If you subscribe to Kiwi.com, we will send you alerts and offers directly to you so you’ll never miss a low price again. When you search, you can also set up a Price Alert: this means that Kiwi.com searches low prices for you! Choose the route you’re interested in, and on the results screen you will see a ‘Create price alert’ button. Click this and choose a price range. When the price of your route changes by this amount, we will email you to tell you. You can then book at this cheaper price. Sometimes, routes open and close depending on the season, the popularity of the route, or other unforeseen conditions. If you search for a route and there are no results, Kiwi.com Availability Alerts can help. Click ‘Notify me’, and when this route opens, we will message you to tell you. When you search for a route that combines both short- and long-haul flights, you can work within your budget by combining different cabin classes: economy, premium economy, business class or first class. For example, if you want to fly from New York to Paris in business class, but don’t want to pay for the same on the Paris to Berlin part of your itinerary, you can choose not to. This allows you to have better prices: mixed cabin classes are more affordable than booking only business or first class trips, and it also gives you more route options. Another way to save even more money is with our flexible Fare Types . When you book with Kiwi.com, we offer three different Fare Types, so you can choose the best combination of price and flexibility. The Saver ticket is the option to choose if you don’t plan to cancel or change your trip, and gives you the absolute lowest price available. The Standard ticket gives you the option to rebook at a later date, and the Flexi ticket means you have the security to be able to not only rebook, you can also cancel your trip entirely. Why book with Kiwi.com? One search, all the flights We find you the best flight deals and travel hacks so that you can choose how to book. Rise above all travel anxieties With the Kiwi.com Guarantee we have your back with whatever happens. Trusted by millions Join over 10 million yearly travellers booking with ease. With over 480 carriers and more than 50 million daily searches, Kiwi.com is fast becoming an essential tool for people who want to save money on travel . As well as finding the cheapest prices, Kiwi.com has a number of ways to make sure you get to your destination smoothly. When you book with Kiwi.com, you can add the Disruption Protection to your journey. This means that if there is a problem with your trip — a canceled flight, a missed connection, a carrier change — contact us, and Kiwi.com will find a new flight, offer you a refund, or find alternative transport to your destination. In the meantime, we may also provide a contribution to refreshments or accommodation, so you can relax while we do the work. The Disruption Protection is especially recommended for itineraries that include multiple carriers: if there’s a problem, we’ll contact them for you and make alternative arrangements. Our 24/7 customer support is available across 14 languages, so there will always be someone there to help. Budget airlines You can book cheap flights with budget airlines from around the world on Kiwi.com. Europe North America South America Asia Oceania Ryanair Wizz Air easyJet Vueling Eurowings Volotea Aegean Aer Lingus Cheapest way to fly To save even more money and have more flexible travel options, Kiwi.com gives you the choice to arrive and depart from different airports. When you search for a flight to or from a city, if that city has more than one airport, Kiwi.com finds the cheapest route, even if the airport you arrive at is different from the airport you depart from. You can choose to remove this feature when you search, but to search and book the best low-cost route, this finds the cheapest way to fly. Trending countries Book cheap flights to the most popular countries in the world Argentina Costa Rica China Israel France South Korea Morocco Tunisia Bolivia Turkey Singapore Thailand Greece Indonesia Saudi Arabia Show more Frequently asked questions When is the best time to buy plane tickets? What are the best tips for booking cheap flights? How do I get the best airfare prices? How can I save on airline tickets? How can I save money when I fly often? Is booking a multi-city flight cheaper? How do I book a flight with different arrival and departure cities? How do I book multiple flights on one ticket? What is the cheapest month to fly to Europe? What is the cheapest way to get a last-minute flight? Are flights usually cheaper last-minute? Do layovers make flights cheaper? Which airlines offer extended layovers? Are layovers cheaper than direct flights? Why is it cheaper to fly with a layover? What is the trick to getting cheap airline tickets? What days are cheaper to book a flight? Do flight prices go down on Tuesday? What is the best day to look for cheap flights? Do flight prices get cheaper closer to the date? How far in advance should I book a flight to get the best deal? Kiwi.com Cheap flights Company Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Media Room Security Legal and whistleblowing disclosures Contact us Platform About Product People Company info Jobs Features Sign in / Register Kiwi.com Guarantee Disruption protection Mobile app Site map Frequently asked questions Discover Cheap flights Flights from London to New York Flights from London to Japan Flights from New York to Paris Flights from London to Palermo Flights from Manchester to Amsterdam Countries Flights to United Kingdom Flights to United States Flights to Spain Flights to Italy Flights to Turkey Airports Flights from Gatwick Flights from Dublin Flights from Barcelona–El Prat Flights from Toronto Pearson International Flights from Edinburgh Airport Airlines Ryanair flights easyJet flights Volaris flights Pegasus flights Vueling flights Deals Flights from London Flights from New York Flights from Toronto Flights from Sydney Flights from Singapore Last minute flights Kiwi.com