Slant Magazine - Film, Music, TV, Video, Theater, and Game Reviews, News, and Features Film Music TV Games Video Theater News Features Donate Giveaways ‘We Bury the Dead’ Review: Zak Hilditch’s Zombie Movie Lurches Between the Familiar and the New We Bury the Dead uses the walking dead to ruminate on loss and closure. by Ross McIndoe December 29, 2025 ‘Sorcerer’ Review: A Visceral, Existentially Fraught Descent into Madness by Clayton Dillard ‘Anaconda’ Review: A Charmingly Screwy, If Slight, Satire About Hollywood’s I.P. Obsession by Mark Hanson ‘The Plague’ Review: Charlie Polinger’s Chilling and Probing Look at Adolescent Bullying by Rocco T. Thompson Advertisement Film ‘Song Sung Blue’ Review: Hugh Jackman and Kate Hudson Soar in By-the-Numbers Nostalgia Trip by Derek Smith Like the worst of Neil Diamond’s songs, the film is desperate to arouse our emotions. More ‘No Other Choice’ Review: Park Chan-wook’s Ferociously Farcical Skewering of Capitalism by Taylor Williams Across Park’s film, “no other choice” becomes a kind of disingenuous mantra. More ‘Father Mother Sister Brother’ Review: Jim Jarmusch’s Quietly Melancholic Family Triptych by Keith Uhlich Jarmusch’s latest is haunted by mortality and the inevitable passage of time. More ‘The Testament of Ann Lee’ Review: The Musical Agony and the Ecstasy of a Shaker by Alexander Mooney This protean fable is tremulous, tricky, and intrepid, much like its pious protagonist. More Advertisement Music The Best Music Videos of 2025 by Sal Cinquemani Eric Mason This year can be summed up in one word: surreal. The 21 Best Christmas Songs of the 21st Century (So Far!) by Sal Cinquemani Eric Mason Our list comprises modern originals and reinterpretations of yuletide favorites. The 50 Best Albums of 2025 by Slant Staff While the year started off quietly, it ultimately produced a slew of albums that are at turns introspective and ambitious. Advertisement Interviews Interview: Charlie Polinger, Everett Blunck, and Kayo Martin on ‘The Plague’ and Bullying Polinger, Blunck, and Martin discuss the film’s chilling depiction of childhood bullying. by Marshall Shaffer December 19, 2025 Interview: Mona Fastvold on Modeling the Mission of ‘The Testament of Ann Lee’ by Marshall Shaffer Interview: Kevin O’Leary on Playing a Real Asshole in Josh Safdie’s ‘Marty Supreme’ by Marshall Shaffer Advertisement TV ‘Emily in Paris’ Season 5 Review: Capitalism’s Final Girlboss Has a Hollow Roman Holiday by Michael Savio I came into the show’s fifth season a curmudgeon. I left a communist. More The Best TV Shows of 2025 by Slant Staff Whether mining the past, pods, or headlines, good stories were the core of the year’s best shows. More ‘Pluribus’ Review: Vince Gilligan’s Hostile Sci-Fi Utopia Has a Lot on Its Mind by Justin Clark This is a series about what happens when human empathy is stretched to its limit. More Advertisement Video Review: Roy Ward Baker’s ‘Scars of Dracula’ on KL Studio Classics 4K UHD by Budd Wilkins Scars of Dracula marked a turning point in Hammer’s Dracula series. More Review: Robert Altman’s Teen Comedy ‘O.C. and Stiggs’ on Radiance Films Blu-ray by Budd Wilkins It’s high time for a reappraisal of O.C. and Stiggs as a vintage Altman satire of the 1980s. More Review: Spike Lee’s ‘David Byrne’s American Utopia’ on Criterion 4K UHD Blu-ray by Jake Cole Derek Smith Despite its satirical undercurrent, American Utopia doesn’t wallow in cynicism. More Advertisement Lists The Best Theater of 2025 In one way or another, the shows on this list were high-risk endeavors that gloriously paid off. by Dan Rubins December 16, 2025 The 25 Best Films of 2025 by Slant Staff The 50 Best Songs of 2025 by Slant Staff Advertisement Games ‘Terminator 2D: No Fate’ Review: Finally, a ‘T2’ Game That Doesn’t Self-Terminate by Justin Clark Bitmap has sent game mechanics back in time and put them to work for good. More ‘Metroid Prime 4: Beyond’ Review: Samus’s Latest Adventure Is Lost in the Sands by Justin Clark This is a Metroid game infected with elements from modern open-world titles. More ‘Unbeatable’ Review: An Electrifying Rhythm Adventure Set in a World Where Music Is Illegal by Aaron Riccio Even when it digresses, the game always finds its way back to a compelling central rhythm. More Advertisement Theater ‘The Queen of Versailles’ Review: An Unfinished Musical About an Unfinished House by Dan Rubins If the pieces of The Queen of Versailles aren’t cohesive, Kristin Chenoweth’s performance is. ‘Waiting for Godot’ Review: Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter Face the Music in Beckett Revival by Dan Rubins The Bill & Ted buddies have a tender rapport Jamie Lloyd’s revival. ‘Art’ Review: The Fragile Bonds of Friendship by Dan Rubins This revival makes it hard to imagine its characters loving any version of each other. Advertisement Sign Up for Our Weekly Newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: © 2025 Slant Magazine About Masthead Support Slant Advertise Terms of Service Privacy Policy Home Film Music TV Video Features News Games Theater Books Giveaways Support Slant Advertise