Slashdot Media Solutions Business Software Listings Lead Generation Display Advertising Native Advertising Email Marketing Custom Content Our Brands Why Slashdot Media Audience About Us Passport™ Request Demo Contact Select Page The Technology Crowd Moves Fast Identify, engage and connect with your ideal customer. Iconic Brands, Massive Audience, Intelligent Data Accelerate demand, reach decision-makers, close more deals. 30 Million Monthly Site Visitors 60 Million Monthly Software Downloads 150 Million B2B Contact Database 19.4 thousand Tech Categories Tracked 60 Million Monthly Software Downloads 9 Billion Monthly Intent Signals Tracked Learn More 60 Million Monthly Software Downloads 19.4 thousand Tech Categories Tracked 9 Billion Monthly Intent Signals Tracked 42 Million Monthly Site Visitors 150 Million B2B Contact Database 60 Million Monthly Software Downloads Data-driven B2B Demand Generation Solutions Precision targeted, integrated marketing solutions designed to fill your pipeline and drive revenue. Lead Generation Quality matters. We’re setting a new standard in lead generation delivering highly targeted, intent-driven, triple-verified leads that engage and convert. Native Advertising Perfect for technology companies offering a free trial, software downloads, or any strong call to action. Email Marketing Amplify your message to over 500k+ opt-in newsletter subscribers, or, reach them through dedicated email marketing. Display Advertising Targeting matters. We build and target unique audience segments for every direct and programmatic advertising client.  The result?  Higher awareness, better engagement. Business Software Listings We connect software companies with millions of in-market software buyers. Sell more software, collect reviews. Custom Content Creation Decades of experience delivering clients quality whitepapers, technology journals, on-demand webinars, and more. PASSPORT A Powerful Demand Engine that Converts Marketing into Revenue Predictive intent signals reveal in-market buyers PASSPORT tracks billions of buyer interactions every month enabling us to identify which companies are in-market and more likely to buy your services. Powerful AI-powered intelligence optimizes campaigns PASSPORT technology intelligence finds the right accounts and engages with contacts that matter – the ones that convert into customers. Big data, custom audience segments, integrated ABM PASSPORT uses big data to design & build better campaigns that surround active buyers and push qualified prospects into your pipeline. Client Portal Unprecedented campaign transparency. Powerful reporting.  Actionable data.  Better results. Unprecedented campaign transparency PASSPORT transparently displays how leads are generated allowing you to better understand how and with whom your message best resonates. Powerful reporting, lead intelligence PASSPORT delivers summary reporting, alerts, and detailed metrics enabling marketersto quickly view campaign pacing, engagement and performance. Actionable insights, better results PASSPORT reveals the no-so-obvious insights allowing you to focus your resources on the buyers and audience segments most interested in your services. Serving Technology-driven Businesses Since 1999 More Demand, Better Results. Our Customers Agree. “We view Slashdot as one of our most valuable partners. Slashdot consistently exceeds expectations in attracting a highly technical audience. Over the last few years, Slashdot has easily driven 2-3x the conversions of competitive sites for half the advertising spend.” Jessica L. Director, Technology Marketing “We have seen effective lead generation through the SourceForge software review site. We’re really excited about the quality of those leads especially given most of them are in the buying process. SourceForge is providing us a platform to demonstrate our strong presence in the market with reviews and branding that work well for us.” Ryan S. SaltStack “Slashdot has worked with us to make sure they fully understand our target audience… They work with us to make sure they deliver the leads that they have guaranteed… it’s great that we can rely on them for campaign updates.” David T. Digital Media Specialist “We’ve been working with Slashdot for a year now and couldn’t be more pleased. Not only are the results from our campaigns over what we had projected, but their team is spectacular to work with. We value our partnership with them and look forward to growing with them” AnnaBelle W. Demand Generation Manager Get started now and learn how we can improve your pipeline. Learn More DON'T SELL MY INFORMATION OPT OUT Copyright © 2025 Slashdot Media, LLC The Technology Crowd Moves Fast Identify, engage and connect with your ideal customer. Iconic Brands, Massive Audience, Intelligent Data Accelerate demand, reach decision-makers, close more deals. Monthly Site Visitors Tech Categories Tracked B2B Contact Database Learn More Monthly Software Downloads Monthly Intent Signals Monitored Integrated B2B Demand Generation Solutions Precision targeted, data-driven marketing solutions designed to fill your pipeline and drive revenue. Lead Generation Display Advertising Native Advertising Business Software Listings Email Marketing Custom Content Creation Predictive intent signals reveal in-market buyers PASSPORT tracks billions of buyer interactions every month enabling us to identify which companies are in-market and more likely to buy your services. Powerful AI-powered intelligence optimizes campaigns PASSPORT technology intelligence finds the right accounts and engages with contacts that matter – the ones that convert into customers. Big data, custom audience segments, integrated ABM PASSPORT uses big data to design & build better campaigns that surround active buyers and push qualified prospects into your pipeline. PASSPORT – A Powerful Demand Engine that Converts Marketing into Revenue PASSPORT – AI and Machine Learning Drive Better Leads, Better Results PASSPORT – Integrated Campaigns that Deliver Qualified Prospects PASSPORT Client Portal PASSPORT Client Portal PASSPORT – Lead Contact Information PASSPORT – Lead Interactions PASSPORT – Lead’s Top Interests PASSPORT – Lead Insights PASSPORT – Downloaded Assets Unprecedented campaign transparency PASSPORT transparently displays how leads are generated allowing you to better understand how and with whom your message best resonates. Powerful reporting, lead intelligence PASSPORT delivers summary reporting, alerts, and detailed metrics enabling marketers to quickly view campaign pacing, engagement and performance. Actionable insights, better results PASSPORT reveals the no-so-obvious insights allowing you to focus your resources on the buyers and audience segments most interested in your services. Serving Technology-driven Businesses Since 1999 More Demand, Better Results. Our Customers Agree. “We view Slashdot as one of our most valuable partners. Slashdot consistently exceeds expectations in attracting a highly technical audience. Over the last few years, Slashdot has easily driven 2-3x the conversions of competitive sites for half the advertising spend.” Jessica L. Director, Technology Marketing “We have seen effective lead generation through the SourceForge software review site. We’re really excited about the quality of those leads especially given most of them are in the buying process. SourceForge is providing us a platform to demonstrate our strong presence in the market with reviews and branding that work well for us.” Ryan S. SaltStack “Slashdot has worked with us to make sure they fully understand our target audience… They work with us to make sure they deliver the leads that they have guaranteed… it’s great that we can rely on them for campaign updates.” David T. Digital Media Specialist “We’ve been working with Slashdot for a year now and couldn’t be more pleased. Not only are the results from our campaigns over what we had projected, but their team is spectacular to work with. We value our partnership with them and look forward to growing with them” AnnaBelle W. Demand Generation Manager Get started now and learn how we can help fuel your pipeline. Learn More COMPANY About Us Our Brands Our Story SourceForge Slashdot Passport SOLUTIONS Lead Generation Display Advertising Native Advertising Business Software Listings Email Marketing Custom Content POLICIES & TERMS Terms of Use Privacy Policies & Choices Cookies/ Opt-out Privacy Choices Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information OPT OUT QUICK LINKS Contact Us Careers Software Vendors Resources FOLLOW Copyright © 2025 Slashdot Media, LLC Looking to advertise with Slashdot Media? To see how we can help you, contact a sales representative today!