Slate Magazine - Politics, Business, Technology, and the Arts Advertisement Advertisement Skip to the content Slate Shop Games Newsletters Sign In Account Activating this button will toggle the display of additional content Account Sign out Slate homepage News & Politics Culture Technology Business Life Advice Podcasts Menu Open menu Close menu Menu News & Politics Culture Technology Business Life Advice Podcasts Search Activating this button will toggle the display of additional content Light Dark Auto Subscribe Slate Shop Games Newsletters Sign in Account Sign out Slate homepage Account * An Exercise in Global Relief Submit search Enter query Activating this button will toggle the display of additional content Light Dark Auto It Was Supposed to Be a Showcase for One of Our Greatest Movie Stars—Then Another Actor Stole It Dana Stevens They’ve Been Telling Us That Rum’s Big Moment Is Just Around the Corner. They’ve Been Wrong—Until Now. N.C. Stevens If You’re Not Including This in Your New Year’s Eve Plans, You’re Starting 2026 Off on the Wrong Foot J. Bryan Lowder Brett Kavanaugh Seems to Regret His “Kavanaugh Stops” Opinion. Too Late. Dahlia Lithwick and Mark Joseph Stern Quentin Tarantino Is Talking Trash About Him, but He Had One of the Best Scenes of the Year Bilge Ebiri Advertisement NYE If You Hate New Year’s, You’re Doing It Wrong Seth Maxon Celebrate the New Year Correctly—With Gumbo! Seth Maxon law One State Supreme Court’s Lazy “Shortcut” Erases Civil Rights Kyle C. Barry How Democrats Can Fix the Supreme Court in 2029 Mark Joseph Stern nyc I Went to the Site Where Republicans Are Building a “Last Defense” Against Zohran Mamdani. It Was … Curious. Alexander Sammon Slate Games Slate Mini Crossword for Dec. 31, 2025 Kiran Pandey The First Woman to Serve a Full Term as a U.S. Senator, Hattie Caraway, Represented Which State? Ray Hamel The Case of the Disappearing Facelifts Hunter Lacey The Most Popular Stories of 2025 Hannah Docter-Loeb movie club The Scariest Part of Weapons Is What It Refused to Explain Alison Willmore With Rob Reiner Dies a Whole Tradition of Hollywood Filmmaking Dana Stevens Two of Our Most Lovable Stars Made a Delightful Movie This Year. Then It Disappeared. Justin Chang Advertisement Advertisement Get Slate in Your Inbox Thanks for signing up! You can manage your newsletter subscriptions at any time. You're already subscribed to the The Slatest newsletter.
      You can manage your newsletter subscriptions at any time. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again, or manage all your newsletter subscriptions here . Please enable javascript to sign up for newsletters. Email address: Send me updates about Slate special offers. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy
        Policy and Terms . Sign Up Need More Reps With Slate’s Addictive New Word Game? Slate Plus members get access to the entire Pears archive! Play Pears Today! VIEW ALL Doree Shafrir My Boss Overdid It at the Holiday Party—Again. His Bosses Made It My Problem. Featured Rebecca Onion Help! My Husband Constantly Laments the “Failures” of Modern Medicine. Uh, I’m a Doctor. This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true Jessica Stoya I Encouraged an “Arrangement” for My Husband. I Regret It More Than I Can Say. This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true Nicole Cliffe My Husband Is Trying to Teach Our Baby a Really Stupid Lesson Latest from Our Columnists Luke Winkie My Twin Sister’s New Boyfriend Is a Walking Red Flag. I’m the Only One With the Guts to Say Anything. Jessica Stoya My Boyfriend and I Have the Perfect Sex Routine. His Parents Are About to Ruin It. This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true A.J. Daulerio I Used to Love Our Local Playground. This Common Behavior From Other Parents Is Keeping Me Away. This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true Ilyce Glink My Best Friend and I Lived Together Happily for Years. Now I’ve Made a Decision That Has Totally Disrupted Our Domestic Bliss. This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true Doree Shafrir There’s a Leadership Exodus at My Organization. I Think I’ve Stumbled Upon the Secret Reason Why. Ask a Question Our advice columnists want to help you! Write to us with your questions: ⁉️ Dear Prudence covers life and manners, 🏡 Care and Feeding is all about parenting, 💰 Pay Dirt is the place for questions about money, 🏢 Good Job helps you navigate the workplace, and no sex dilemma is too embarrassing for 💋 How to Do It . Get the Latest Slate Advice Delivered To Your Inbox Thanks for signing up! You can manage your newsletter subscriptions at any time. You're already subscribed to the Advice newsletter.
      You can manage your newsletter subscriptions at any time. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again, or manage all your newsletter subscriptions here . Please enable javascript to sign up for newsletters. Email address: Sign Up By signing up, you agree to our Privacy
        Policy and Terms . Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Most Recent View all Most Recent stories 1m ago Luke Winkie My Twin Sister’s New Boyfriend Is a Walking Red Flag. I’m the Only One With the Guts to Say Anything. 1m ago This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true A.J. Daulerio I Used to Love Our Local Playground. This Common Behavior From Other Parents Is Keeping Me Away. 1m ago A.J. Daulerio Our Neighbor Wants Our Amazing Babysitter’s Number. I Don’t Want to Share. 6m ago Ray Hamel The First Woman to Serve a Full Term as a U.S. Senator, Hattie Caraway, Represented Which State? 10m ago Kiran Pandey Slate Mini Crossword for Dec. 31, 2025 11m ago N.C. Stevens They’ve Been Telling Us That Rum’s Big Moment Is Just Around the Corner. They’ve Been Wrong—Until Now. Most Read Brett Kavanaugh Is Trying to Walk Back “Kavanaugh Stops.” Too Late. Dahlia Lithwick and Mark Joseph Stern Their First Book Changed the World. The Follow-Up Made Me Feel Something I Didn’t Know I Could Feel. Rebecca Onion Quentin Tarantino Is Talking Trash About Him, but He Had One of the Best Scenes of the Year Paul Dano wasn’t the only actor whom the mouthy director had words for. Bilge Ebiri My Boss Overdid It at the Holiday Party—Again. His Bosses Made It My Problem. This is not in my job description. Doree Shafrir Culture What it all means Movies Music Television Books Sports Wide Angle View all Culture It Used to Be the Coolest Band in the World. How Did It Get So Cringe? Luke Winkie Watching the set at the Knockdown Center, I became aware that my favorite band had become unfathomably lame. It Was Supposed to Be a Showcase for One of Our Greatest Movie Stars—Then Another Actor Stole It Dana Stevens What Even Is Culture? The Gabfest Has Answers. Podcast Episode Culture Gabfest Their First Book Changed the World. The Follow-Up Made Me Feel Something I Didn’t Know I Could Feel. Rebecca Onion Quentin Tarantino Is Talking Trash About Him, but He Had One of the Best Scenes of the Year Bilge Ebiri The Scariest Part of Weapons Is What It Refused to Explain Alison Willmore Reading the 2026 Sports Tea Leaves Podcast Episode Hang Up and Listen Tech & Business Where we’re headed Moneybox Metropolis The Industry The Media Users Science Medical Examiner View all Tech & Business Tech Companies Love Using This Tiny Symbol. It’s More Insidious Than You Think. Alex Kirshner No, chatbots aren’t magic—but this symbol makes you think they are. 2025: The Meme of the Year Podcast Episode What Next: TBD What Was The Hottest Take This Year? Podcast Episode Slate Money Is the A.I. Bubble Bursting? | 2025 in Review Podcast Episode What Next: TBD Money Talks: Saving Lives Without USAID Podcast Episode Slate Money How Starbucks Came Undone Steffi Cao We Made a Memecoin | 2025 in Review Podcast Episode What Next: TBD This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true 2025 Was the Year of Brainrot Kate Lindsay Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Life An honest guide to modern life School Family Faith Based Life Work Food Drink I Have Something To Say View all Life This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true Katy Perry and Justin Trudeau Deserve Each Other Scaachi Koul Trudeau was all talk and all looks as prime minister, but talk and looks are pretty good qualities in a boyfriend. Slate Mini Crossword for Dec. 31, 2025 Kiran Pandey They’ve Been Telling Us That Rum’s Big Moment Is Just Around the Corner. They’ve Been Wrong—Until Now. N.C. Stevens If You’re Not Including This in Your New Year’s Eve Plans, You’re Starting 2026 Off on the Wrong Foot J. Bryan Lowder Slate Pears Game 136: Dec. 30, 2025 Slate Mini Crossword for Dec. 30, 2025 Adrianne Baik The Family Drama of Inheritance Podcast Episode Death, Sex & Money News & Politics What really matters Politics Jurisprudence War Stories The World The Slatest View all News & Politics This Content is Available for Slate Plus members only true The Supreme Court May Soon Regret Its Bet on Trumpism Dahlia Lithwick and Mark Joseph Stern Why did the conservative supermajority align with the president, and what consequences might it face for its choices? 2025: The Advice of the Year Podcast Episode What Next Which Cartoon Short Introduced Mickey Mouse? Ray Hamel Brett Kavanaugh Is Trying to Walk Back “Kavanaugh Stops.” Too Late. Dahlia Lithwick and Mark Joseph Stern 2025: The Movie(s) of the Year Podcast Episode What Next One State Supreme Court’s Lazy “Shortcut” Erases Civil Rights Kyle C. Barry Which Kind of Person Is the Subject of a Hagiography ? Ray Hamel The First Woman to Serve a Full Term as a U.S. Senator, Hattie Caraway, Represented Which State? Ray Hamel About About Us Work With Us Contact Pitch Guidelines Send Us Tips Corrections Commenting Reprints Subscriptions Subscribe Group Subscriptions Sign In Account Subscription FAQs Podcast FAQs Newsletters Customer Support Advertising AdChoices Cookie Preferences The Slate Group logo Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company. Follow Us Facebook X Instagram YouTube RSS Feed User Agreement Privacy Policy All contents ©
        2025
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. We need to talk about your
        adblocker Slate relies on advertising to support our journalism. If you value our
        work, please disable your ad blocker. If you want to block ads but still
        support Slate, consider subscribing. Enable Ads on Slate Subscribe Already a member? Sign in
          here This article is only for Slate Plus
        members. Join today to keep reading. You'll also get access to all of Slate's
        independent journalism, unparalleled advice, and daily games. Cancel
        anytime. Join Slate Plus Already a member? Sign in
          here