Sleepopolis - Mattress Reviews, Independent & Unbiased | Sleepopolis Get the best New Year’s mattress deals! View Deals Product Reviews Sleep Education FAQs Sleep Tools Sales Best Mattress 2025 Product Reviews Back Mattress Reviews Back View All Mattress Reviews Most Popular Helix Midnight Saatva Casper Nolah Nectar Purple WinkBeds Tempur-Pedic View All Memory Foam Layla Bear Puffy Amerisleep Loom & Leaf Zinus Novosbed Tuft & Needle View All Hybrid Casper Hybrid Bear Elite Hybrid Purple Hybrid Brooklyn Bedding Signature Tuft & Needle Hybrid Nectar Luxe Hybrid DreamCloud Premier Puffy Lux Hybird View All Latex Avocado Zenhaven Birch Awara Plushbeds Brentwood Home Cedar Saatva Latex Hybrid WinkBeds Eco Cloud View All Other DreamCloud Leesa Simmons Beautyrest Black Helix Luxe Saatva RX WinkBeds Plus Saatva Solaire Brooklyn Bedding Plank View All Best Mattresses Back View All Best Mattresses Most Popular Best Mattress 2025 Best Mattress for Heavy People Best Mattress for Back Pain Best Mattress for Couples Best Firm Mattress Best Soft Mattress Best Mattress in a Box Best Cooling Mattress For People Best Mattress for Kids Best Canadian Mattress Best Mattress for Sex Best Mattress for Seniors Best Mattress for Athletes Best Mattress for Teenagers Best Hypoallergenic Mattress Best Mattress for Pregnancy By Sleeping Position Best Mattress for Side Sleepers Best Mattress for Back Sleepers Best Mattress for Combo Sleepers Best Mattress for Hip Pain Best Mattress for Neck Pain Best Mattress for Sciatica Best Mattress for Shoulder Pain Best Mattress for Stomach Sleepers By Design Best King Mattress Best Queen Mattress Best Organic Mattress Best Innerspring Mattress Best Memory Foam Mattress Best Hybrid Mattress Best Latex Mattress Best Pillow Top Mattress Other Best Cheap Mattress Best Hotel Mattress Best Amazon Mattress Best Mattress for the Money Best Mattress Made in the USA Best Mattress for Arthritis Best Flippable Mattress Best Luxury Mattress Compare Mattresses Back View All Compare Mattresses Most Popular Purple vs Tempurpedic Purple vs Layla Purple vs Puffy Saatva vs Beautyrest Casper vs Helix Casper vs Purple Casper vs Saatva Casper vs Layla Saatva Saatva vs DreamCloud Saatva vs Avocado Saatvs vs Helix Saatva vs Tempur-pedic Saatva vs Leesa Saatva vs WinkBeds Saatva HD Vs WinkBed Plus Saatva Solaire vs Sleep Number Nectar Nectar vs DreamCloud Nectar vs Casper Nectar vs Nectar Hybrid Nectar Premier vs DreamCloud Nectar vs Puffy Nectar vs Layla Nectar vs Leesa Nectar vs Purple DreamCloud DreamCloud vs Casper DreamCloud vs Helix DreamCloud vs DreamCloud Premier DreamCloud vs Purple DreamCloud vs Winkbed DreamCloud vs Emma Hybrid DreamCloud Foam vs Hybrid DreamCloud Mattress Comparison Other Amerisleep vs Tempur-Pedic Bear vs Bear Hybrid Big Fig vs WinkBeds Plus Brooklyn Bedding Titan vs Big Fig Leesa vs Tempur-Pedic Tuft & Needle vs Puffy Casper vs Leesa Brooklyn Signature vs Ghostbed Accessory Reviews Back View All Accessory Reviews Most Popular Best Bed Frames Best Memory Foam Pillow Best Travel Pillow Best Cooling Sheets Best Memory Foam Mattress Topper Best Weighted Blanket Best Mattress Protectors Best Adjustable Beds View All Best Pillows Best Pillow For Back Pain Best Pillow For Side Sleepers Best Pillow For Back Sleepers Best Pillow For Stomach Sleepers Best Pillow For Combo Sleepers Best Cooling Pillow Best Affordable Pillow Best Pregnancy Pillow View All Best Sheets Best Bamboo Sheets Best Cotton Sheets Best Linen Sheets Best Cotton Percale Sheets Best Flannel Sheets Best Sheets For The Money Best Egyptian Cotton Sheets Best Sheets For Memory Foam View All Best Mattress Toppers Best Cooling Mattress Topper Best Gel Mattress Topper Best Mattress Topper For Back Pain Best Soft Mattress Topper Best Firm Mattress Topper Best Cheap Mattress Topper Best Latex Mattress Topper Best Twin XL Mattress Topper View All Other Best Pillows For Neck Pain Best Sound Machine Best Sleep Masks Best Alarm Clock Best Humidifier Best Comforter Best Mattress Pad Best Duvet View All Sleep Education Back View All Sleep Education Sleep Science Back View All Sleep Science How Sleep Works How Sleep Affects The Body The Genetics of Sleep Why Do We Sleep? Sleep Statistics and Facts What is Sleep? Stages of Sleep N3: Slow Wave Sleep N2 Sleep: K Complexes and Sleep Spindles N1: Non Rapid-Eye Movement Sleep, Stage 1 Your Complete Guide To Deep Sleep What Is Biphasic Sleep and How Might It Benefit You? Dreams The Relationship Between Trauma, Sleep, And Dreams The Relationship Between Dreams And Memories The Difference Between Nightmares And Night Terrors What Are Dreams? The Purpose of Dreams Sleep Disorders Back View All Sleep Disorders Insomnia Transient Insomnia Vs. Chronic Insomnia Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBT-I) Hypersomnia Vs. Insomnia: Differences and Symptoms Types of Insomnia — Causes and Treatments Beating Travel Insomnia: A Traveler’s Guide to Better Sleep Sleep Apnea Sleep Apnea And Memory Loss The Best Sleep Positions For Sleep Apnea Women And Sleep Apnea The Future Of Sleep Apnea Treatment Weight and Sleep Apnea: What Does the Research Say? Other The Ultimate Guide To Nocturia, A Common Sleep-Stealing Condition Everything You Need To Know About Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome What Is Exploding Head Syndrome? The Ultimate Guide to Different Parasomnias What Is Orthosomnia? Sleep Tips Back View All Sleep Tips Sleep Hygiene How To Tell If You Got A Good Night’s Sleep Can’t Sleep? Check Out Our Expert Sleep Tips 30-Day Sleep Hygiene Plan The Ultimate Guide To Sleep Hygiene Guide to Better Sleep Posture Supplements Is Melatonin Safe? Let’s Talk About It. How Long Does Melatonin Last? Everything You Need To Know About Ashwagandha And Sleep Common Natural Sleep Aids & Supplements Everything You Need To Know About Magnesium And Sleep Napping The Benefits of Napping The Ultimate Guide to Napping Naps Vs Caffeine Vs Sleep Naps Vs Meditation: What’s the Better Refresher? 14 Benefits Of Napping for College Students Health Back View All Health Health & Wellness Is Six Hours of Sleep Enough? Here’s What The Experts Say. How To Sleep Better During Allergy Season Why Sleeping While Sick Is So Important Health Benefits of Sleep The Real Link Between Mental Health and Sleep Nutrition & Fitness Why Am I Always So Tired After Lunch? Everything You Need To Know About Caffeine Gummies Athletes And Sleep Here’s What You Should Know About Nutrition and Sleep Pain Management Causes and Treatments for Your Night Headaches Tinnitus and Sleep Psoriasis and Sleep Guide to Tech Neck: Causes, Symptoms, and Prevention How To Sleep With Lower Back Pain FAQs Back Guides Review Methodology Do You Need a Boxspring? 7 Ways to Make Your Mattress Softer Buying a Mattress Online Types of Mattresses Mattresses How Much Should You Spend On A Mattress? How Often Should You Replace Your Mattress? Best Place to Buy a Mattress Mattress Firmness Guide How to Clean a Mattress Bedding How Often Should You Wash Your Sheets? What’s The Right Pillow For You? Here’s How To Choose How To Fold A Fitted Sheet (Two Ways!) Do I Need a Mattress Pad or Mattress Protector? Sleep Tools Back Quizzes Mattress Quiz Chronotype Quiz Calculators Sleep Cycle Calculator Kids Sleep Calculator Jet Lag Calculator Sleep Debt Calculator View All Calculators Sales Back Coupons & Promo Codes View All Coupons & Promos Best Mattress 2025 Mattress Reviews Best Mattresses Compare Mattresses Accessory Reviews Most Popular Helix Midnight Saatva Casper Nolah Nectar Purple WinkBeds Tempur-Pedic View All Memory Foam Layla Bear Puffy Amerisleep Loom & Leaf Zinus Novosbed Tuft & Needle View All Hybrid Casper Hybrid Bear Elite Hybrid Purple Hybrid Brooklyn Bedding Signature Tuft & Needle Hybrid Nectar Luxe Hybrid DreamCloud Premier Puffy Lux Hybird View All Latex Avocado Zenhaven Birch Awara Plushbeds Brentwood Home Cedar Saatva Latex Hybrid WinkBeds Eco Cloud View All Other DreamCloud Leesa Simmons Beautyrest Black Helix Luxe Saatva RX WinkBeds Plus Saatva Solaire Brooklyn Bedding Plank View All Most Popular Best Mattress 2025 Best Mattress for Heavy People Best Mattress for Back Pain Best Mattress for Couples Best Firm Mattress Best Soft Mattress Best Mattress in a Box Best Cooling Mattress For People Best Mattress for Kids Best Canadian Mattress Best Mattress for Sex Best Mattress for Seniors Best Mattress for Athletes Best Mattress for Teenagers Best Hypoallergenic Mattress Best Mattress for Pregnancy By Sleeping Position Best Mattress for Side Sleepers Best Mattress for Back Sleepers Best Mattress for Combo Sleepers Best Mattress for Hip Pain Best Mattress for Neck Pain Best Mattress for Sciatica Best Mattress for Shoulder Pain Best Mattress for Stomach Sleepers By Design Best King Mattress Best Queen Mattress Best Organic Mattress Best Innerspring Mattress Best Memory Foam Mattress Best Hybrid Mattress Best Latex Mattress Best Pillow Top Mattress Other Best Cheap Mattress Best Hotel Mattress Best Amazon Mattress Best Mattress for the Money Best Mattress Made in the USA Best Mattress for Arthritis Best Flippable Mattress Best Luxury Mattress Most Popular Purple vs Tempurpedic Purple vs Layla Purple vs Puffy Saatva vs Beautyrest Casper vs Helix Casper vs Purple Casper vs Saatva Casper vs Layla Saatva Saatva vs DreamCloud Saatva vs Avocado Saatvs vs Helix Saatva vs Tempur-pedic Saatva vs Leesa Saatva vs WinkBeds Saatva HD Vs WinkBed Plus Saatva Solaire vs Sleep Number Nectar Nectar vs DreamCloud Nectar vs Casper Nectar vs Nectar Hybrid Nectar Premier vs DreamCloud Nectar vs Puffy Nectar vs Layla Nectar vs Leesa Nectar vs Purple DreamCloud DreamCloud vs Casper DreamCloud vs Helix DreamCloud vs DreamCloud Premier DreamCloud vs Purple DreamCloud vs Winkbed DreamCloud vs Emma Hybrid DreamCloud Foam vs Hybrid DreamCloud Mattress Comparison Other Amerisleep vs Tempur-Pedic Bear vs Bear Hybrid Big Fig vs WinkBeds Plus Brooklyn Bedding Titan vs Big Fig Leesa vs Tempur-Pedic Tuft & Needle vs Puffy Casper vs Leesa Brooklyn Signature vs Ghostbed Most Popular Best Bed Frames Best Memory Foam Pillow Best Travel Pillow Best Cooling Sheets Best Memory Foam Mattress Topper Best Weighted Blanket Best Mattress Protectors Best Adjustable Beds View All Best Pillows Best Pillow For Back Pain Best Pillow For Side Sleepers Best Pillow For Back Sleepers Best Pillow For Stomach Sleepers Best Pillow For Combo Sleepers Best Cooling Pillow Best Affordable Pillow Best Pregnancy Pillow View All Best Sheets Best Bamboo Sheets Best Cotton Sheets Best Linen Sheets Best Cotton Percale Sheets Best Flannel Sheets Best Sheets For The Money Best Egyptian Cotton Sheets Best Sheets For Memory Foam View All Best Mattress Toppers Best Cooling Mattress Topper Best Gel Mattress Topper Best Mattress Topper For Back Pain Best Soft Mattress Topper Best Firm Mattress Topper Best Cheap Mattress Topper Best Latex Mattress Topper Best Twin XL Mattress Topper View All Other Best Pillows For Neck Pain Best Sound Machine Best Sleep Masks Best Alarm Clock Best Humidifier Best Comforter Best Mattress Pad Best Duvet View All Sleep Science Sleep Disorders Sleep Tips Health View All How Sleep Works How Sleep Affects The Body The Genetics of Sleep Why Do We Sleep? Sleep Statistics and Facts What is Sleep? Stages of Sleep N3: Slow Wave Sleep N2 Sleep: K Complexes and Sleep Spindles N1: Non Rapid-Eye Movement Sleep, Stage 1 Your Complete Guide To Deep Sleep What Is Biphasic Sleep and How Might It Benefit You? Dreams The Relationship Between Trauma, Sleep, And Dreams The Relationship Between Dreams And Memories The Difference Between Nightmares And Night Terrors What Are Dreams? The Purpose of Dreams Sleep and The Brain REM Sleep: Everything You Need To Know Why Do We Have Nightmares? Insomnia Transient Insomnia Vs. Chronic Insomnia Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBT-I) Hypersomnia Vs. Insomnia: Differences and Symptoms Types of Insomnia — Causes and Treatments Beating Travel Insomnia: A Traveler’s Guide to Better Sleep Sleep Apnea Sleep Apnea And Memory Loss The Best Sleep Positions For Sleep Apnea Women And Sleep Apnea The Future Of Sleep Apnea Treatment Weight and Sleep Apnea: What Does the Research Say? Other The Ultimate Guide To Nocturia, A Common Sleep-Stealing Condition Everything You Need To Know About Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome What Is Exploding Head Syndrome? The Ultimate Guide to Different Parasomnias What Is Orthosomnia? Insomnia: Symptoms, Causes, and Treatments Sleep Disorders: Typical Causes and Information Sleep Disorders in Children Sleep Hygiene How To Tell If You Got A Good Night’s Sleep Can’t Sleep? Check Out Our Expert Sleep Tips 30-Day Sleep Hygiene Plan The Ultimate Guide To Sleep Hygiene Guide to Better Sleep Posture Supplements Is Melatonin Safe? Let’s Talk About It. How Long Does Melatonin Last? Everything You Need To Know About Ashwagandha And Sleep Common Natural Sleep Aids & Supplements Everything You Need To Know About Magnesium And Sleep Napping The Benefits of Napping The Ultimate Guide to Napping Naps Vs Caffeine Vs Sleep Naps Vs Meditation: What’s the Better Refresher? 14 Benefits Of Napping for College Students Sleep Problems: A Guide to Getting A Better Night’s Rest Is Magnesium the New Melatonin? Maybe Not, According to Experts Are Alarm Clocks — And The Snooze Button — Really Bad For Sleep? Health & Wellness Is Six Hours of Sleep Enough? Here’s What The Experts Say. How To Sleep Better During Allergy Season Why Sleeping While Sick Is So Important Health Benefits of Sleep The Real Link Between Mental Health and Sleep Nutrition & Fitness Why Am I Always So Tired After Lunch? Everything You Need To Know About Caffeine Gummies Athletes And Sleep Here’s What You Should Know About Nutrition and Sleep Pain Management Causes and Treatments for Your Night Headaches Tinnitus and Sleep Psoriasis and Sleep Guide to Tech Neck: Causes, Symptoms, and Prevention How To Sleep With Lower Back Pain A Guide to Sleep and Heart Health Weight Loss and Sleep The Strong Link Between Exercise and Sleep Guides Review Methodology Do You Need a Boxspring? 7 Ways to Make Your Mattress Softer Buying a Mattress Online Types of Mattresses Mattresses How Much Should You Spend On A Mattress? How Often Should You Replace Your Mattress? Best Place to Buy a Mattress Mattress Firmness Guide How to Clean a Mattress Bedding How Often Should You Wash Your Sheets? What’s The Right Pillow For You? Here’s How To Choose How To Fold A Fitted Sheet (Two Ways!) Do I Need a Mattress Pad or Mattress Protector? Mattress Sizes and Bed Dimensions (2025) Bed Sheets Ultimate Guide — What Are the Best Types, Materials, and Weaves? Mattress Layers Guide Quizzes Mattress Quiz Chronotype Quiz Calculators Sleep Cycle Calculator Kids Sleep Calculator Jet Lag Calculator Sleep Debt Calculator View All Calculators Coupons & Promo Codes View All Coupons & Promos Sleep Better. Choose Smarter. Thousands of expert-tested mattress reviews, tools, and advice for your best night’s sleep. BEsT MATTRESS 2025 Explore Sleep EDUCATION Trusted by Millions Since 2015 Explore By Category Product Reviews Explore Sleep Education Sleep FAQs Sleep Calculators Sales Need Help Finding the Perfect Mattress? Need help finding the right mattress? I prefer to sleep on my Select Side Stomach Back Combination I have pain in my Select Back Hip(s) Neck Shoulders N/A (No pain) My budget is Select <$1000 $1000-$1500 $1500-$2000 $2000+ Not Sure Find My Mattress Based on your answers, we’ve carefully selected the best mattresses tailored to your needs. Top Pick For You Check Price Read Full review Runner Up Check Price Read Full review You May Also Like Check Price Read Full review How We Test Mattresses Here at Sleepopolis, we only recommend beds that we’ve tested personally. We’ve brought hundreds of mattresses to our lab, where our team of experts gathers to evaluate each by collecting and comparing 50-plus distinct data points. Full Team of Experts Our team is made up of Certified Sleep Science Coaches and industry experts with years of hands-on experience with mattresses and sleep products. Whenever possible, we have multiple people with different body types and comfort preferences evaluate a given bed. We also consult with a network of physicians, physical therapists, nurses, and other medical professionals to verify our findings and ensure we’re providing helpful, health-focused recommendations. Purpose-Built Mattress Lab We use specialized tools to collect readings on critical aspects of a bed’s performance— temperature, pressure relief, motion isolation, and more—in an environment designed for repeatable, reliable testing. These results are compared and contrasted with notes on how a mattress really feels and performs according to our in-house testers. 13 Data-Driven Tests Each of our tests is scored individually and then combined on a weighted scale that determines a mattress’s overall rating, which is numbered from 1 to 5. All of these scores then inform our mattress recommendations for specific kinds of sleepers, such as dedicated side sleepers, people with sleep apnea, and folks who prefer a very firm bed. The Core Tests Behind Every Review Every mattress we review is put through the same 13-point set of comprehensive tests. Below are some of the most important ones that impact sleep quality and long-term comfort. Close | ✕ Firmness Rated on a 1 to 10 scale, with 1 being the softest and 10 being the firmest. Close | ✕ Pressure Relief Measured with a pressure-mapping mat to see how evenly weight is distributed. Close | ✕ Edge Support Scored out of 5 based on sitting, lying near the edge, and weight-plate tests. Close | ✕ Cooling Scored out of 5 with surface temperature readings taken by a thermal gun. Close | ✕ Motion Isolation Scored out of 5 using water-ripple, partner, and rolling tests. Close | ✕ Responsiveness Scored out of 5 using real tester feedback and a timed kettlebell snap-back test. See our testing Process Best Mattress Roundups Find the Best Mattress For You We’ve done the testing so you can sleep easy. Most Popular For People By Sleeping Position By Design Other 10 Best Mattresses of 2025: Over 500 Tested by Sleep Experts Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup The 11 Best Mattresses for Heavy People, Expert-Tested and Reviewed Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress for Back Pain Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup The Best Mattress for Couples: Expert Tested to Help You Reach Couples Goals Updated: December 18, 2025 View Roundup The Best Firm Mattresses: 10 Expert-Tested and Reviewed Beds (2025) Updated: December 18, 2025 View Roundup Best Soft Mattress: Expert Tested and Reviewed Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Bed in a Box Mattresses (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Cooling Mattress for Hot Sleepers Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup View All Best Mattresses for Kids (2025): Bedtime Made Better with Our Top Picks Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress in Canada Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress for Sex (2025): Based on Responsiveness, Cooling, and Edge Support Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup The Best Mattresses for Seniors: Tested and Reviewed by Experts Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup The 9 Best Mattresses For Athletes: Doctor and Sleep Science Coach Tested Updated: December 3, 2025 View Article Best Mattresses for Teens (2025), Comfort That Grows with Them Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Hypoallergenic Mattress (2025): Say Sayonara to Nighttime Sniffles Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress for Pregnancy (2025): Contouring, Supportive, and Cooling Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattresses for Side Sleepers (2025): Expert Tested & Reviewed Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattresses for Back Sleepers: Reviewed and Tested by Sleep Experts (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress for Combination Sleepers Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup 10 Best Mattresses for Hip Pain (2025): Tested and Approved by Experts Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress for Neck Pain (2025), Our Top Picks for the Stiff and Sleepless Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattresses for Sciatica (2025), Expert-Tested for Pain Relief and Spinal Support Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup 10 Best Mattresses for Shoulder Pain (2025): Expert-Reviewed & Doctor Approved Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattresses for Stomach Sleepers: Firm, Supportive Beds Tested and Reviewed by Experts Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best King-Size Mattress (2025) Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Queen Size Mattress (2025): Based on 330 We Tested Updated: December 19, 2025 View Roundup Best Organic and Natural Mattress (2025): Free from Harmful Chemicals and Toxins Updated: December 18, 2025 View Roundup Best Innerspring Mattress (2025): Tested by Sleep Experts Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup After Testing 132, Here Are The 10 Best Memory Foam Mattresses (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Hybrid Mattresses (2025): Sleep Better with These Top Picks Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Latex Mattress Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Pillow-Top Mattress (2025): Expert-Tested for Quality Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Cheap Mattresses (2025): Top Budget Picks From Sleep Experts Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Hotel Mattress (2025), Five-Star Comfort for All Four Seasons Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Amazon Mattress (2025), Comfort Delivered to Your Doorstep Updated: December 19, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattresses for the Money (2025): High-Quality and Affordable Pricing Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattresses Made in the USA (2025), High-Quality Manufactured at Home Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Mattress for Arthritis (2025): Expert-Tested to Help Ease Arthritis Pain Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Flippable Mattress 2025 – Expert Reviewed & Tested Updated: December 3, 2025 View Roundup Best Luxury Mattresses (2025): Premium Comfort That’s Worth the Money Updated: December 22, 2025 View Roundup Mattress Reviews See What Makes Each Mattress Unique Get the features, feel, and facts — all in one place. Most Popular Memory Foam Hybrid Latex Other Helix Midnight Mattress Review (2025): Certified Sleep Science Coach Tested Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Saatva Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Casper Mattress Review Updated: December 10, 2025 View Review Nolah Original Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Nectar Classic Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Purple Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review WinkBeds Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Tempur-Pedic Mattress Reviews 2025 Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review View All Layla Flippable Memory Foam Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Bear Original Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Puffy Cloud Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Amerisleep Mattress Reviews Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Saatva Loom & Leaf Mattress Review (2025), Luxurious and Eco-Conscious Comfort Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Zinus Green Tea Memory Foam Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Novosbed Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Tuft & Needle Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review View All Casper Hybrid Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Bear Elite Hybrid Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Purple Restore Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Brooklyn Bedding Signature Hybrid Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Tuft and Needle Hybrid Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Nectar Luxe Hybrid Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review DreamCloud Premier Hybrid Mattress Review 2025 Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Puffy Lux Hybrid Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review View All Avocado Green Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Zenhaven Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Birch Natural Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Awara Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review PlushBeds Botanical Bliss Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Brentwood Home Cedar Natural Luxe Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Saatva Latex Hybrid Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review WinkBeds EcoCloud Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review View All DreamCloud Hybrid Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 23, 2025 View Review Leesa Original Mattress Review (2025): Tested by a Certified Sleep Science Coach Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Simmons Beautyrest Black Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Helix Luxe Mattress Reviews 2025 Updated: December 3, 2025 View Article Saatva Rx Mattress Review (2025): Doctor and Certified Sleep Science Coach Tested Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review WinkBeds Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Saatva Solaire Mattress Review Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review Brooklyn Bedding Plank Firm Mattress Review (2025) Updated: December 3, 2025 View Review View All Tools for Better Sleep Use our calculators to fine-tune your best night’s sleep. Swipe to view more Jet Lag Calculator Adjust your sleep schedule before travel to avoid jet lag. Land feeling rested and alert. Use Calculator Sleep Cycle Calculator Find your ideal bedtime and wake time based on sleep cycles. Wake up refreshed and ready for the day. Use Calculator Sleep Debt Calculator Check your sleep debt, learn how to catch up, and prevent future fatigue. Use Calculator Kids’ Sleep Calculator Enter your child’s age and wake time for expert-recommended bedtimes. Use Calculator Sleep Education Sleep Smarter, Live Better Explore expert tips, science-backed advice, and sleep guides built to help you rest your best. Sleep Science Sleep Disorders Sleep Tips Health Lifestyle The Science of Sleep What is Sleep? The pace and priorities of modern society have led many of us to believe that rest and downtime are optional. Work, family, and school schedules may seem to require more hours than exist in a day, often leading us to steal time from one of our most essential biological functions: sleep. Sleep is an altered […] View Article The Science of Sleep How Sleep Affects The Body Sleep may appear to be as simple as feeling tired, lying down, and nodding off. But the physiological state of sleep is created by a complex interplay of processes in the brain and body, beginning with signals from the circadian rhythm’s master clock. While sleep originates in the brain, it is a body-wide experience that […] View Article The Science of Sleep Why Do We Sleep? We all know how we feel when we sleep well, and when we don’t sleep enough. When we sleep, we’re happier, we have more energy, and learning comes more easily. When we don’t sleep, we feel unfocused, exhausted, and irritable. We can feel the effects of sleep on our brains and bodies, but we may […] View Article Sleep Stats & Facts We may be out for the count and largely unaware of what’s happening around us while we sleep, but our bodies remain busy with myriad biological housekeeping functions. And while most people are well aware that sleep is a cornerstone of health and well-being, it seems that daily life in the 21st century, hustle culture, […] View Article The Science of Sleep The Genetics of Sleep Sleep is a universal physiological drive with similar processes and rhythms across the human species. Though sleep follows a recognizable pattern, there are numerous differences among healthy individuals. Though some of these differences are environmental and relate to meal times, travel schedule, and work routine, many are inherited. Whether you’re an early bird, a night […] View Article Sleep Disorders Sleep Disorders: Typical Causes and Information How much do we really need sleep? A lot, it turns out. Sleep rejuvenates our bodies and minds, gives our immune system a major boost, and repairs and builds tissues throughout the night. (1) Sounds pretty amazing, right? When sleep disorders steal your sleep, you can feel sluggish, cranky, and forgetful. We’re going to tell […] View Article Sleep Disorders Insomnia: Symptoms, Causes, and Treatments Do you ever have trouble sleeping? At one time or another, most of us have experienced bothersome symptoms of insomnia: difficulty falling asleep, staying asleep, or both. We may have lived through bouts of insomnia that last a few days, or much longer. Though the symptoms may seem simple enough, insomnia is a complex condition […] View Article Sleep Disorders Sleep Disorders in Children Most children hate sleep at certain points in their development — life feels too full of adventures, games, and delicious snacks to waste time sleeping! In J.M. Barrie’s Peter Pan, Wendy, Peter, and Michael’s canine nanny was trying to put them down for the night, but little Michael hollered, “I won’t go to bed!… I […] View Article Sleep Apnea Sleep Apnea And Memory Loss Do you get punched at night for deafening snores? Or wake up feeling tired even though you think you got plenty of sleep? These signs could point towards sleep apnea, a common sleep disorder that affects millions of people worldwide.  Sleep apnea not only disrupts your sleep but also affects your brain function and memory. […] View Article Sleep Disorders Types of Insomnia Insomnia can steal just a few night’s sleep, or it can hang around for years. Over the decades, experts have categorized and re-categorized the different types of insomnia, and while all insomnias fall under three main umbrellas now, your specific insomnia may also be in a subcategory. Figuring out your own special blend of sleeplessness […] View Article Sleep Tips How To Get Better Sleep Sleep is essential for optimal well-being, and impacts everything from mood to muscle strength to memory. Despite the importance of adequate rest, many people don’t get consistent healthy sleep. Poor sleep can be associated with numerous physical and emotional factors, including stress, medications, medical conditions, and poor diet. The most common sleep difficulty in the […] View Article Magnesium vs. Melatonin Melatonin as a mainstream sleep aid has long been accepted — promising sound, natural sleep, touted as a “miracle” for people with sleep disorders. But in recent years, magnesium has taken the spotlight, claiming that it promotes more restful sleep and improves sleep longevity with fewer negative side effects compared to melatonin. So does it […] View Article Sleep Tips Are Alarm Clocks Bad For Sleep? Could hitting “snooze” be bad for your sleep hygiene and overall health? View Article Sleep Tips The Benefits of Napping Find out why naps could have big impacts beyond just feeling rested! View Article Sleep Tips Is Melatonin Safe? Here’s what you need to know about the powerful hormone melatonin and its role in sleep. View Article Physical Health Sleep & Heart Health We all need a heartbeat to survive, and quality sleep also plays a vital role in our overall health. But did you know sleep and heart health are connected? It’s true — how well you sleep through the night can have an impact on your cardiac function, and vice versa. (1) More than one third […] View Article Weight Loss and Sleep So, you’re doing everything right to lose weight: meticulously counting calories and hitting the gym. Yet the scale won’t budge! Certain health conditions, genes, and even side effects of medications could be part of the problem. (5) But here’s something you might not have considered: your sleep habits could be sabotaging your weight loss efforts. […] View Article Physical Health Exercise & Sleep The solution to a more restful night? Movement, experts say. It seems the answer to so many physical and mental health woes have just one thing in common — exercise. Sleep is no exception. If you are looking for longer sleep, higher-quality sleep, or fewer interruptions from sleep apnea, insomnia, and other ailments, the type […] View Article Health Benefits of Sleep We may all have our differences, but every human in the world needs sleep. Why is sleep important? Every system in your body relies on good sleep to recover from the day and get ready for the next one. (7) The benefits of sleep include better immune health, easier weight management, a healthier heart, improved […] View Article Physical Health How To Sleep With Lower Back Pain Picture it: You’ve just woken up after a horrendous night of sleep, your night of rest disrupted by the relentless nagging of lower back pain. Many of us can relay a similar story, whether your back pain is triggered by a longstanding problem or an acute injury that’s baring its teeth whenever you try to […] View Article Athletes And Sleep Most of us are no stranger to the phrase “be sure to get a good night’s sleep” — especially the night before an event that requires us to be at our best, like an important presentation or test (1). Athletes of all levels are no exception: Getting adequate sleep pays off just as much in […] View Article Sleep Tips Sleep Hygiene Guide How well do you set yourself up for successful sleep? If you’ve never heard of sleep hygiene, the term might sound odd. But having good sleep hygiene has nothing to do with keeping you clean. Sleep hygiene describes lifestyle choices that promote quality sleep.  When you know how to do it, you may notice you […] View Article Health and Wellness Is 6 Hours of Sleep Enough? While you may look forward to crawling into bed and getting some much-needed sleep, part of you may wish you needed less of this essential habit. How many people have dreamt of somehow having more hours in the day?  Sometimes it may seem that the easiest way to add time to your life would be […] View Article The Science of Sleep What Are Dreams? The mystery of dreams has captivated people for millennia. And while life in the 21st century (and the unprecedented access to information that comes with it) leaves us with relatively few mysteries, some questions remain. Take sleep and dreams, for example. With all we know about sleep, questions about the purpose and nature of dreams […] View Article Nutrition and Fitness Why Am I So Tried After Lunch? Most of us are intimately acquainted with the afternoon slump, when we struggle with zapped energy and an almost unbearable desire to curl up for a nap. But what’s really going on? Why are we so tired after lunch? We tapped three sleep experts for a little insight, plus their tips for staying alert until […] View Article Meet the Sleepopolis Team Real people. Real expertise. Our editors, testers, and sleep coaches are here to guide you toward better rest with honest insights and first-hand experience. Dr. Shelby Harris Licensed Clinical Psychologist Dr. Raj Dasgupta Chief Medical Advisor and quadruple-board certified in pulmonary, sleep, internal, and critical care medicine Matt Schickling Head of Content, Commerce Dan Caffrey Senior Editor and Certified Sleep Science Coach Sosha Lewis Senior Staff Writer and Certified Sleep Science Coach Livvi DiCicco Staff Writer and Certified Sleep Science Coach Riley Otis Staff Writer and Certified Sleep Science Coach Kenn y Timper Staff Writer and Certified Sleep Science Coach Meet the full team Sales – Coupons & Promos Unlock the Best Mattress Deals Save big on top-rated mattresses — handpicked for you. Drag to view more Swipe to view more Saatva Classic $300 Off Orders of $1,000 or More View Sale Helix Midnight Luxe Mattress View Sale Leesa Sapira Chill Hybrid 20% Off Select Mattresses View Sale Nectar Mattress Save Up to 50% on Mattresses & 66% on Bundles View Sale DreamCloud Original Mattress Up to 60% off mattresses + $599 of accessories included View Sale WinkBed Mattress 30% Off All Mattresses View Sale View All Ready to Find Your Perfect Mattress? Take our quick quiz and get personalized mattress recommendations. Find Your Match Browse All Mattresses Featured In Your go-to sleep destination. Want better sleep? Discover our full mattress database! Easily sort, filter, and compare mattress options all in one convenient view. Browse Mattresses Mattress Reviews Best Mattresses Mattress Comparisons Sleep Accessory Reviews Sleep Education Sleep FAQs Sales Most Popular Best Mattresses of 2025 Browse All Mattresses Mattress Quiz How to Choose A Mattress Saatva Mattress Review Best Mattress for Side Sleepers Best Mattress for Back Pain About Us About Sleepopolis Meet the Experts Contact Us Our Methodology Press Sleepopolis Blog Sleepopolis Podcast Sleepopolis News Sleep Education Sleep Science Sleep Disorders Sleep Tips Health Lifestyle Lifestyle View All Mattress Reviews Best Mattresses Mattress Comparisons Sleep Accessory Reviews Sleep Education Sleep FAQs Sales Most Popular Best Mattresses of 2025 Browse All Mattresses Mattress Quiz How to Choose A Mattress Saatva Mattress Review Best Mattress for Side Sleepers Best Mattress for Back Pain About Us About Sleepopolis Meet the Experts Contact Us Our Methodology Press Sleepopolis Blog Sleepopolis Podcast Sleepopolis News Sleep Education Sleep Science Sleep Disorders Sleep Tips Health Lifestyle Lifestyle View All Connect with us to get the best nights rest day after day. YouTube Facebook Instagram X TikTok Pinterest Disclosures Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies Policy Copyright © 2025 Sleepopolis All Rights Reserved.