Sleeknote | The Popup Builder Made for Growth-Minded Marketers Already have an account? Log in Products Collect Email Addresses Build a segmented email list with relevant leads. Increase Product Sales Sell more to your website visitors—without being annoying. Guide Your Visitors Create a personalized shopping experience for each visitor. Connect with Visitors Invite visitors and customers to contact you when needed. Menu Group Wrapper Column Wrapper Sleeknote in use Automotive Fashion & Apparel Column Wrapper Health & Beauty Furniture & Decor Travel & Tourism Media Column Wrapper E-Commerce Enterprise SaaS B2B Column Wrapper View Integrations Explore all features Gamification Sleeknote for Shopify Pricing Company About Get to know the talented team that makes Sleeknote possible. Success Stories Read how your favorite online stores use Sleeknote to grow their businesses. Contact Any questions? Get in touch with the geeks behind Sleeknote. Help Center Need help using Sleeknote? Check out our step-by-step product tutorials. Learn Use Cases Browse 20+ proven popup use cases with templates and step-by-step guides. Blog Learn how to grow your sales and subscribers with popups. Marketing Calendar Never miss a sales opportunity with key holiday dates. Video Library Watch step-by-step tutorials and learn how to create popups that convert. Log in Start for free Home v.2.0 New Try our app for More than your average popup builder Sleeknote has everything you need—forms, sidebars, slide-ins, gamification—to turn your traffic into revenue (in just a few clicks). Get started for free Get your personal Sleeknote tour No credit card required All features in all plans Money-back guarantee Multiple popups for multiple goals From email capture to reducing cart abandonment, create multiple, personalized popups for different groups of visitors. Collect more emails Grow a segmented email list with quality subscribers. Grow your email list Increase your sales Sell more to your website visitors and make the most of your traffic. Drive more revenue Guide visitors around Send each visitor to the products or pages they should see. Guide your visitors Get in touch with visitors Invite visitors to contact you for support, feedback, or a sales call. Connect with visitors No two visitors are alike Meet each visitor where they are in their journey. Target them with personalized popups based on how much they know you and how they behave on your site. Condition New visitor Trigger 7 Seconds First-time visitors Returning subscribers Repeat customers Turn new visitors into subscribers Greet first-time visitors with a timely popup (instead of those annoying popups that show the minute you load a website.) See all features Condition Newsletter subscribers Trigger Product added to cart First-time visitors Returning subscribers Repeat customers Help subscribers make their first buy Turn your email list into customers with unique offers, sales campaigns, and personalized recommendations. See all features Condition Logged-in user Trigger Scroll First-time visitors Returning subscribers Repeat customers Sell more to your existing customers Welcome and wow your loyal customers with personal popups. Sell more to them—again and again. See all features Join 3,000+ businesses enjoying Sleeknote every day. Start for free The most user-friendly popup builder ever made Sleeknote is made for marketers to get more leads and sales—without waiting for their design or development teams. Pick a template, customize as you need, and integrate with your other marketing tools. From popup design to targeting options, Sleeknote gives you the complete freedom you’ve always needed. Design Target Understand Design stunning popups (without a designer) Drag, drop, add, and remove. Customize your popups as little or as much as you need. Create slide-ins and forms that match the look and feel of your site (even if you’re not a designer.) Drag-and-drop 120+ popup templates Customize all elements Edit mobile separately Upload your fonts Add videos and HTML Reach the right people at the right time Set up advanced targeting options with one click and show your popups to the right visitors, on the right pages, at the right time. Exit-intent Geo-targeting Schedule ahead of time Hide from subscribers Real-time visitor data Show/hide on pages Optimize your popups for higher conversions Don’t rely on guesswork. Make informed decisions based on how your visitors interact with your popups. Advanced analytics Performance charts Track conversion goals A/B split testing Device-specific data Send events to GTM 1,200+ integrations (with new features added every week) View all integrations Sleeknote’s Shopify App 💚 Drag, drop, and build stunning, on-brand popups—without ever leaving Shopify. Explore this feature Ready to help you get started 🚀 Should we design your first popup? Get started Have questions? It’s so easy to get started with Sleeknote. Their customer success team is super service-minded and ready to help you with the implementation. Morten Storm Lind E-commerce Manager, 3 3,000+ happy customers You guys are off the charts [Email] Wish there were more people and emails like this Whenever I contact you, I get the feeling that you’re ready to help me Sleeknote is so easy to work with Read case study You rock! I just wanted to thank you guys for your awesome services Great customer care on live chat Creating a new campaign takes less than 15 minutes Read case study Tea has been great Sleeknote is our secret weapon Excellent piece of software if you want something easy to set up You guys are making a great product You can set up a campaign within five minutes Read case study I really like your customer service and overall attitude I like the templates and how easy I can customize them The blog and resources are fantastic We get a hell of a lot of signups on our site with Sleeknote Read case study Our free trial was such a wonderful experience We like your smooth setup, teaser and mobile feature I love the video tutorials Creating a campaign is simple The great thing about Sleeknote is its simplicity Read case study Congratulations, you have done a good job Best service out of the tools I tested It just blends in perfectly Read case study You have the right approach to popups We have gotten close to 4x-ing out leads since switching over to Sleeknote Thank you Tea, that was the fastest support I ever had I really love the way you guys communicate with your new clients I love everything that you are doing Your content is unbelievable I can quickly and easily create a SleekBox Read case study Your marketing resources library is absolutely fantastic The ROI of our Sleeknote subscription is super good Sleeknote has been the foundation of our lead generation Read case study It’s not rocket science to set up a campaign Sleeknote is probably the most exciting app I use The people behind Sleeknote have been great Read case study I know the people at Sleeknote are there to help me If I have a problem, I always get a quick reply on chat Sleeknote is such an easy tool to implement Read case study There are tons of examples, templates, and inspiration Fast and personal service Sleeknote is so versatile Seriously (repeatedly) impressed by your team I love the access to expert advice All employees helped me in an excellent way 10/10 So many cool features in a short time We got 947 more like this Getting started is 100% risk-free When you try Sleeknote for free, we don’t ask for your credit card or any other commitment. You can start from one of these examples or design your first popup for free. Get started for free See more popup examples Try Sleeknote on Your Site 👋 Start for free and enjoy all Sleeknote features on your website. (No credit card needed.) Try Sleeknote for free Book a demo with Sofie Products Collect Email Addresses Increase Product Sales Guide Your Visitors Connect with Visitors Product Features Integrations Pricing Book a Demo Product Updates Christmas Calendar Resources Use Case Library Video Library Newsletter Blog Help Help Center Contact Us GDPR Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Careers Compare Sleeknote OptiMonk Poptin Wisepops Privy Justuno Product Update Sleeknote’s Shopify App 💚 © 2024 Sleeknote ApS. Tel.: +45 71 99 77 07 YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Twitter Dribbble English Polski