Skip to main content
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Enterprise
Log In
Sign Up
Joining as a participant?
Joining as a participant?
The easiest way to make
your meetings interactive

Engage your participants with live polls, Q&A, quizzes and word clouds
— whether you meet in the office, online or in-between.

Get started for free
Works standalone and with your favorite tools
PowerPoint
Webex
Google Slides
Teams
Zoom
Combinations
It’s how you include everyone
in your meetings
Slido gives you everything you need to engage your participants, capture their views and make everyone feel connected – whether you’re running a team call, training or an all-company meeting.
Live polls
Turn your one-way presentations into engaging conversations with live polls, word clouds or surveys. Ask what people think or how they feel and get their feedback in real time.
Audience Q&A
Quizzes
Analytics
Intuitive and easy

The attendees can join without any logins or downloads, and the setup for hosts takes only minutes.

5+ polling options

With Slido’s 5 types of polls, Q&A, quizzes and surveys, you can engage your participants in a variety of ways.

Get started for free

Start with our forever-free Basic plan, or get more from Slido for only US$12.5 per month.

Trusted by 750K customers worldwide
We love Slido at Zapier. We're a 100% remote company and we use Slido during our weekly all-hands meetings to make sure that every team member gets a voice, no matter where they are or what they want to discuss.
Wade Foster, Co-Founder & CEO
Slido enabled our leader Wendy to truly have a transparent, meaningful conversation with our audience.
Aaron Williams, Communications Manager at Cisco
The biggest value of Slido for us is having more lively, interactive meetings. Without Slido, it would just be the executives talking one way.
Norito Yonezawa, Corporate Strategy Planner
1
/
3
Make your meetings more interactive with Slido.
Try it free

Your privacy matters.

We use cookies to improve your experience, analyze traffic, and serve personalized ads. Cookie settings.

Reject all
Allow all