FOR BLOGGERS
FEATURES
TESTIMONIALS
GET SLICKSTREAM
 RESOURCES
ABOUT US
SUPPORT
CONTACT
 SIGN IN
Search, Discover, Engage
Get the Most Out of Your Website With Slickstream
The Slickstream Engagement Suite
A Better Experience for Every Visitor

At Slickstream, we believe that giving website visitors a great experience is the best way to steadily build traffic volume over time. That's why we make it easy for publishers to add world-class search and engagement tools without a complicated technical integration or lengthy onboarding.

LEARN MORE
Our Features
What We Offer
ALL FEATURES
Search

Add responsive, as-you-type search with a heap of advanced features that your visitors will love

Discover

Give your visitors what they're looking for with content recommendations backed by real data

Engage

Keep users engaged and active on site longer with favorites, web stories, games and more

Learn

All this comes together in your analytics portal, with engagement insights you can actually use

Testimonials
Bloggers Love Slickstream
slide 2 of 3
“I think Slickstream is amazing! I absolutely LOVE the search functionality.”
Alexandra, Alexandra's Kitchen
 
"I love being able to provide readers with the functionality you offer. That search function! Priceless. Anything that makes users come back in this niche is so valuable."
Nora, Savory Nothings
 
"The new suite of analytics data is really fantastic... Sorting by active time lets me see what pages are 'stickiest' and be able to add more calls to action on those pages."
Jenni, Pastry Chef Online
 
“I think Slickstream is amazing! I absolutely LOVE the search functionality.”
Alexandra, Alexandra's Kitchen
 
"I love being able to provide readers with the functionality you offer. That search function! Priceless. Anything that makes users come back in this niche is so valuable."
Nora, Savory Nothings



READ MORE TESTIMONIALS
Case Studies
Results That Speak for Themselves
Pinch of Yum's Clicks Increase 17.6%

Want to know how we can increase engagement? We ran a thorough A/B test on Pinch of Yum, and the results honestly blew us away.

READ MORE
Goal Conversions Climb at TwoSleevers

In our TwoSleevers A/B testing, we made an exciting discovery about our impact on goal conversions as measured by Google Analytics.

READ MORE

© Slickstream 2025
Contact Us
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy