 Browse 
 Create 
Presentation Creator
Pro
Upload
Upload and Share Presentations Online
All in one marketing tool for your digital content
Top on SlideServe
Swimming with sharks in Florida

Divers come face-to-face with sharks off Florida's Jupiter Inlet.

Piercings and prayers

Devotees celebrate an annual vegetarian festival in Thailand with face piercings.

A Bulgarian Muslim bride prepares for her wedding ceremony

A wedding ritual has kept its traditional winter marriage ceremony alive where the bride's face is covered in thick, chalky white paint and decorated with colorful sequins, in the remote mountain village of Ribnovo in southwest Bulgaria.

Create Presentation

 

Create Article

 

Create Survey

 

Create Quiz

 

Create Lead-form

 

Create E-Book

 
Trending Contents
Word whizzes at the Scripps Spelling Bee

Bruhat Soma, a 12-year-old from Tampa, Florida, won the 96th Scripps National Spelling Bee in a spell-off, correctly spelling 29 words in 90 seconds including some of the most obscure, complex and downright tricky words in the English language.

rawnie • 3495 views
Freddie Mercury, Paul Newman items up for auction

Items owned by Freddie Mercury, Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward on display in New York ahead of auction.

marcosmoreira • 3700 views
Strawberry Moon dazzles in night sky

A full moon, typically known as the "Strawberry Moon" in the month of June when the berries are ripe for harvest, is pictured in full glory around the world.

parveen • 2938 views
Space tapestry

Stunning images of planets and galaxies captured by powerful telescopes.

amund • 3257 views
Horses purified by fire

Revelers ride their horses through smoke and flames to purify their animals during the Luminarias celebration in the Spanish village of San Bartolome de Pinares.

adelphos • 2581 views
The life and death of Gaddafi

Libya marks ten years since the death of longtime ruler Muammar Gaddafi, who died after a nation-wide uprising led to his overthrow and eventual killing.

ernesternest • 3636 views
Turkey's Camel wrestling festival

Camels take to the ring during the annual Selcuk-Efes Camel Wrestling Festival in Turkey.

lorrettaperea • 3323 views
Mobile World Congress

Highlights from Europe's biggest annual technology conference in Barcelona.

anastasiamayberry • 2595 views
Improve your Content Marketing with SlideServe

All in one marketing tool for your digital content

SlideServe is a global hub of professional content ranging from highly informative presentations & documents to mind-blowing presentation creation tools, lead forms, Interactive Quizzes, etc. SlideServe - a free service used by millions of visually minded people to host their presentations and allows them to view, share, and download presentations. Corporates can use SlideServe to archive their presentations/documents as well as promote their brand contents. SlideServe also comes with its own simple and easy to use presentation creation tool where you can create visually appealing slides in a few clicks.

Over 15 Million Uploads
80% Visitors from Targeted Search
30 Million Unique visitors per month
Explore Featured Topics
View All

Sports / Games

Arts / Culture

Automobile / Transport

Education / Career

Travel / Places

Entertainment / Media

Featured Contents
View All
Datsun Classic Cars

Nissan is likely to axe its Datsun brand as it seeks to boost profits by getting smaller, two company sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.

fantine • 4336 views
The hyperrealist visions of sculptor Ron Mueck

Works by the Australian sculptor on display in exhibitions past and present.

sergeant • 2679 views
60 years of NASA missions

Images from 60 years of NASA missions into space.

aronleonardi • 5586 views
'The Lionesses': Kenya's elite all-female ranger unit

The elite all-female ranger unit patrols a conservation area near Kenya's Amboseli National Park. The recruits are drawn from the Maasai community who live around the park.

deniz • 2157 views
The surreal Northern Lights

Stunning Images of the Aurora Borealis.

farand • 2307 views
Myanmar monk offers temple sanctuary for threatened snakes

Buddhist monk Wilatha, 69, has created a refuge for scores of snakes that might otherwise be killed or destined for the black market at the Seikta Thukha TetOo monastery in Yangon.

fantine • 2608 views
Hyper-realistic masks go on sale in Japan

A year into the coronavirus epidemic, a Japanese retailer has come up with a new take on the theme of facial camouflage - a hyper-realistic mask that models a stranger's features.

samivery • 2192 views
Hot air balloons over Bristol

Hot air balloons fill the skies above the English city during the Bristol International Balloon Fiesta.

jennabergh • 3003 views
Cherry blossoms in Washington D.C. reach peak bloom

The cherry blossoms along the U.S. capital's Tidal Basin reach full bloom.

reillygraves • 3774 views
Indigenous protest camp erected in Brazil's capital

People protest to defend indigenous land and cultural rights that they say are threatened by the right-wing government of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro.

lafayetteskelly • 4080 views
Fleet Week begins in NYC

Ships and sailors of the U.S. Navy arrive in the Big Apple for Fleet Week.

velvetnewbold • 2124 views
Journey to Mecca: Scenes from the haj pilgrimage

Some one million Muslims are expected to attend the 2022 haj pilgrimage season after two years of major disruption caused by the COVID pandemic.

celandine • 2915 views
Space odyssey: Stunning images from the Hubble telescope

Before the James Webb telescope, Hubble was our primary eye in the sky, sending back stunning images from the deep corners of our universe since 1990.

marikascheel • 4209 views
Snapshots from Gamescom

Behind the scenes as gamers converge for the world's largest video game industry event.

farand • 2807 views
The surreal Northern Lights

Spectacular images as the Aurora Borealis dance across the night sky.

joshuasoares • 2592 views
Fine art of fire walking

People learn the art of fire walking during a class in Alnwick, Britain.

rawnie • 2380 views
Counting of the swans

Young cygnets and swans are counted and have their health assessed during the 'swan upping' census on Britain's River Thames, in a tradition that dates back to the 12th century when swans were an important food source.

joshuasoares • 1579 views
DIY soapbox race

Competitors race their DIY soapboxes at the Red Bull Soapbox Race in Almaty, Kazakhstan.

zurielstarbuck • 2157 views
The art of flowers

Blooms are on display at the Chelsea Flower Show in London after the event was delayed from its usual spring dates because of COVID restrictions.

marikascheel • 3414 views
Miss India crowned Miss Universe

Harnaaz Sandhu of India was named Miss Universe in the Israeli resort of Eilat during a ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the international pageant.

zephaniah • 2159 views
Top SlideServe Influencers
English
Français
About
Privacy
DMCA
Blog
Contact
© 2025 SlideServe. All rights reserved