Home | Slido - Audience Interaction Made Easy Skip to main content Log In Sign Up Product Product Tour Product Tour See how Slido can help you engage your audience, whether it’s your team or event attendees. Learn more Live Polls Live Polls Make your meetings and events more interactive by polling your audience in real time. Learn more Live Q&A Live Q&A Let your participants ask questions from any device and vote for their favorite ones. Learn more Word Cloud Word Cloud Capture people’s thoughts and ideas in a beautiful word cloud. Learn more Quizzes Quizzes Make learning more fun, dynamic and social with live quizzes. Learn more Surveys Surveys Create simple surveys to collect input before, during, or after your meeting. Learn more Integrations Integrations See how you can avoid context switching and make interaction easy with our integrations. Learn more Analytics Analytics Discover the most popular questions, topics and insights about your audience. Learn more Solutions Remote Meetings Remote Meetings Give everyone on your remote team a chance to participate, no matter where they are. Learn more Hybrid Meetings Hybrid Meetings Bridge the gap between your remote and onsite participants and make everyone feel heard. Learn more Virtual Events Virtual Events Make your online participants part of the event with interactive Q&A and live polls. Learn more Business Business Start a two-way conversation with your employees and run more interactive meetings. Learn more All-Hands Meetings All-Hands Meetings Run effective Q&A sessions and engage your team during all-company meetings. Learn more Webinars Webinars Make your webinars feel more like a conversation and less like a monologue. Learn more Conferences Conferences Make your events more interactive by including everyone in a live Q&A and real-time polling. Learn more Education Education Keep your students engaged with live polls, quizzes and interactive Q&A. Learn more Customer Stories Customer Stories Discover how our customers use Slido to give their audience a voice. Learn more Pricing Resources Help Center Blog Webinars Use Cases Trust Report 2024 Slido ROI Report Enterprise Log In Sign Up Joining as a participant? Join as participant Hash Joining as a participant? Join now By using Slido you accept the Acceptable Use Policy The easiest way to make your meetings interactive Engage your participants with live polls, Q&A, quizzes and word clouds — whether you meet in the office, online or in-between. Get started for free Works standalone and with your favorite tools PowerPoint Webex Google Slides Teams Zoom Combinations It’s how you include everyone in your meetings Slido gives you everything you need to engage your participants, capture their views and make everyone feel connected – whether you’re running a team call, training or an all-company meeting. Live polls Turn your one-way presentations into engaging conversations with live polls, word clouds or surveys. Ask what people think or how they feel and get their feedback in real time. Audience Q&A Give everyone a chance to ask their questions, whether they’re on mute or too shy to speak up. People can ask anonymously and vote for the questions they like, bringing the most important topics to light. Quizzes Bring a bit of fun to your meetings or training sessions. Create a live quiz or trivia game and test people’s knowledge in an interactive way. Analytics Get valuable insights from your meetings with Slido Analytics. Find out how many people were engaged and export your questions or voting results for further analysis. Intuitive and easy The attendees can join without any logins or downloads, and the setup for hosts takes only minutes. 5+ polling options With Slido’s 5 types of polls, Q&A, quizzes and surveys, you can engage your participants in a variety of ways. Get started for free Start with our forever-free Basic plan, or get more from Slido for only € 15 per month. Trusted by 750K customers worldwide We love Slido at Zapier. We're a 100% remote company and we use Slido during our weekly all-hands meetings to make sure that every team member gets a voice, no matter where they are or what they want to discuss. Wade Foster , Co-Founder & CEO Slido enabled our leader Wendy to truly have a transparent, meaningful conversation with our audience. Aaron Williams , Communications Manager at Cisco The biggest value of Slido for us is having more lively, interactive meetings. Without Slido, it would just be the executives talking one way. Norito Yonezawa , Corporate Strategy Planner Make your meetings more interactive with Slido. Try it free Product Product Tour Q&A Polls Quizzes Analytics Integrations Integrations PowerPoint Webex Google Slides Microsoft Teams Zoom Live Video Embed Slido Combine Integrations Pricing One-time Plans Annual Plans Education Plans Enterprise Resources Help Center Academy Webinars Blog Use Cases Better Meetings Guide Product News Trust Report 2024 Slido ROI Report Company Contact Us About Us Careers Customers Security ISO, SOC2 Legal Accessibility Privacy Statement Status Page Choose a language : English (International) Français Deutsch 日本語 © 2025 Cisco Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Slido is now part of Webex.