SlidesLive · Professional Conference Recording EN Česky English Deutsch Get an estimate Services References Blog Careers Contact Library Download Recording App SlidesLive Services References Company Blog Careers Contact Library EN Česky English Deutsch Log in Get an estimate Worldwide Conference Lecture Symposium Meeting Recording & Live Streaming Reach audiences around the globe with your next event. Showreel Get an estimate 14 years of experience 335 global team members 3,872 recorded events worldwide 116,158 talks stored in the Library All-Inclusive Service Simplify the process of capturing and sharing your event with our comprehensive services, guiding you every step of the way. Discover how it works. Gearing Up Diving into your event details, finding the best services, and getting ready. Recording & Live Streaming Capturing every moment and connecting speakers and attendees worldwide. Post-production Enhancing the quality of footage and creating an interactive output format. Hosting Recorded Talks Talks are stored in the SlidesLive Library , available publicly or privately for as long as you’d like. Trusted by 3,872+ Events Globally We go above and beyond to deliver exceptional results. See what our clients say. Thank you, thank you, thank you. The event was amazing and your team was terrific . Everyone and I were very impressed at how smooth it all went . Ken Levenson Executive Director · PHN Learn more I just wanted to thank you for a very smooth event ! I know how much work it takes to deal with all our last minute changes and chaos and our team really appreciates all the work SlidesLive does for us ! Lee Campbell General Manager · NeurIPS Learn more Thank you so very much for your help with our events – they are so important for our work at CEPA. We very much appreciate all the help and expertise. SlidesLive is truly such a huge part of all our successes (and we don’t forget it!) . Tyler Lewis Deputy Director, External Affairs · CEPA Learn more A Player You Will Love Let your content stand out! Our player is designed to keep your audience engaged, with customizable features and easy website integration. Try it now and see the difference. Customize window sizes Navigate through slides Create playlists Add bookmarks Unlimited Event Locations Wherever your event is, we’ve got it covered. Check out the map to explore the diverse locations of events we’ve recorded worldwide. Move through the map Why SlidesLive? Worldwide Proficiency 14 years of expertise, a global team of 335 professionals and 3,872 recorded events around the world. We speak the AV language—take a look at what our clients say . All-Inclusive Service From recording and live streaming to post-production to hosting recorded talks, our comprehensive services cover the entire process . See what we can offer you . Format & Video Hosting Introducing an interactive player format that combines speaker video and slides. We also offer lifelong hosting in our SlidesLive Library with 116,158 talks , privately or publicly. Cutting-Edge Tech Solutions Harnessing top-notch technologies , we create our own solutions, such as AI-driven robotic cameras , providing a cost-effective approach to event coverage. Discover more . Let’s record or live stream your next event!
We’re ready when you are. Get an estimate Explore next: Services Get an estimate Planning an Unforgettable Event? Let’s maximize its impact with recording and live streaming! Schedule a consultation with our expert to discover how we can help you: Save on costs without sacrificing quality, thanks to robotic cameras Expand your event’s reach with seamless hybrid solutions Boost your audience’s experience through the interactive SlidesLive Player Host your event content securely and for free on our platform Already know what you need? Get a personalized estimate for your event. SlidesLive Professional Conference Recording Get in touch Contact hello@slideslive.com +1 (917) 809-8496 New York +49 8146 8669007 Munich +420 774 711 127 Prague Download press kit Services Robotic cameras Recording Live streaming Highlight videos & Interviews Remote speakers & Virtual events Post-production & Library Services Robotic cameras Recording Live streaming Highlight videos & Interviews Remote speakers & Virtual events Post-production & Library Company & Clients References Blog Careers Showreels Company & Clients References Blog Careers Showreels SlidesLive Library Explore Library SlidesLive Library Explore Library © 2026 SlidesLive. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms of service