The official travel guide to Slovenia | I feel Slovenia Jump to content Page index Things to do Things to do Active holidays Active holidays Show all Hiking and Mountaineering Biking Water activities Adrenaline sports Winter activities Horse riding Golf Spas and health resorts Spas and health resorts Show all Health Pampering and treatment Water experiences in spas – Aquafun Discover nature Discover nature Show all Slovenia’s waters Nature parks Caves Mountains and hills Countryside Food and wine Food and wine Show all The flavours of Slovenia Wines of Slovenia Where to eat The best for gourmets Locally typical Arts and Culture Arts and Culture Show all Attractions Festival and events Best galleries in Slovenia Historic towns and old town centres of Slovenia Shopping Family fun Romantic getaways Slovenia Unique Experiences Slovenia Unique Experiences Show all Events Events Show all Tour guides Tour guides Show all Top guided tours in Alpine Slovenia Top tourist guided tours in Ljubljana and Central Slovenia Top guided tours in Thermal Pannonian Slovenia Top tourist guided tours in the Mediterranean and Karst Slovenia Sound stories from Slovenia Sound stories from Slovenia Show all Close menu Places to go Places to go Regions Alpine Slovenia Rogla - Pohorje Bled Bohinj Soča Valley Koroška Kranj Kranjska Gora Maribor – Pohorje Radovljica Upper Savinja Valley Cerkno TOP 5 experiences in the Alpine Slovenia Ljubljana & Central Slovenia Bela krajina Cerklje na Gorenjskem Idrija Kamnik Kočevje Region Ljubljana Novo mesto Škofja Loka TOP 5 experiences in Ljubljana & Central Slovenia Thermal Pannonian Slovenia Celje Čatež and Posavje Dobrna Laško Dolenjska Podčetrtek Rogaška Slatina Pomurje Ptuj Velenje - Topolšica Top 5 experiences in Thermal Pannonian Slovenia Mediterranean & Karst Slovenia Ankaran Brda Izola Koper Karst Nova Gorica and the Vipava Valley Portorož - Piran TOP 5 experiences in Mediterranean & Karst Slovenia Top 10 sights Lake Bled Piran and salt pans Postojna cave Lipica Soča Valley Ljubljana UNESCO World Heritage Velika planina Logar Valley World’s Oldest Vine Cities and destinations Close menu Plan your trip Plan your trip Facts about Slovenia Facts about Slovenia Show all History and culture Nature Geography Useful information and safety guidelines for carefree travel to Slovenia Useful information and safety guidelines for carefree travel to Slovenia Show all Practical information Practical information Show all Border Formalities Opening Hours Tourist travel information centres Healthcare Mobile Phones, Mains Voltage, Radio Channels Water and Food Safety and security Getting to and around Slovenia Getting to and around Slovenia Show all To Slovenia by Car To Slovenia by Air To Slovenia by train To Slovenia by coach Where to stay Publications Publications Show all Accessible tourism Slovenia, an open and welcoming destination Travelling with a pet Slovenia for Digital Nomads Close menu Options Stay Favourites Dark mode High-contrast mode Light mode Reading mode Search AI Alma Menu Search Eng Select language Slo Select language Deu Select language Ita Select language Fra Select language Rus Select language Esp CHN Things to do Active holidays Read more - Active holidays Hiking and Mountaineering Mountains Highlands Plains Long-distance trails Hiking with children Biking Mountain biking On-road biking Trekking Long distance biking Bike parks Family biking Water activities Adrenaline sports Winter activities Skiing in Slovenia Cross-country skiing Winter hikes and snowshoeing in Slovenia Safely enjoying ski touring The most popular sledging locations in Slovenia Ice climbing Horse riding Golf Spas and health resorts Read more - Spas and health resorts Health Pampering and treatment Water experiences in spas – Aquafun Discover nature Read more - Discover nature Slovenia’s waters Lakes Rivers Waterfalls Nature parks Caves Mountains and hills Countryside Food and wine Read more - Food and wine The flavours of Slovenia Wines of Slovenia Where to eat The best for gourmets Locally typical Arts and Culture Read more - Arts and Culture Attractions Iconic attractions Galleries and museums Architectural sights Sacred heritage of Slovenia Castles and manors Contemporary architectural sights The Oldest in the world Festival and events Festivals Performance and visual arts Music festivals Ethnological festivals Special festivals in Slovenia Children’s festivals Theatre and film Music and dance Best galleries in Slovenia Historic towns and old town centres of Slovenia Shopping Family fun Romantic getaways Slovenia Unique Experiences Events Tour guides Read more - Tour guides Top guided tours in Alpine Slovenia Top tourist guided tours in Ljubljana and Central Slovenia Top guided tours in Thermal Pannonian Slovenia Top tourist guided tours in the Mediterranean and Karst Slovenia Sound stories from Slovenia Places to go Regions Read more - Regions Alpine Slovenia Rogla - Pohorje Bled Bohinj Soča Valley Koroška Kranj Kranjska Gora Maribor – Pohorje Radovljica Upper Savinja Valley Cerkno Ljubljana & Central Slovenia Bela krajina Cerklje na Gorenjskem Idrija Kamnik Kočevje Region Ljubljana Novo mesto Škofja Loka Thermal Pannonian Slovenia Celje Čatež and Posavje Dobrna Laško Dolenjska Podčetrtek Rogaška Slatina Pomurje Ptuj Velenje - Topolšica Mediterranean & Karst Slovenia Ankaran Brda Izola Koper Karst Nova Gorica and the Vipava Valley Portorož - Piran Top 10 sights Read more - Top 10 sights Lake Bled Piran and salt pans Postojna cave Lipica Soča Valley Ljubljana UNESCO World Heritage Velika planina Logar Valley World’s Oldest Vine Cities and destinations Plan your trip Facts about Slovenia Read more - Facts about Slovenia History and culture Nature Geography Useful information and safety guidelines for carefree travel to Slovenia Practical information Read more - Practical information Border Formalities Opening Hours Tourist travel information centres Healthcare Mobile Phones, Mains Voltage, Radio Channels Water and Food Safety and security Getting to and around Slovenia Read more - Getting to and around Slovenia To Slovenia by Car To Slovenia by Air To Slovenia by train To Slovenia by coach Where to stay Publications Accessible tourism Slovenia, an open and welcoming destination Travelling with a pet Slovenia for Digital Nomads Stories from Slovenia Slovenia for Digital Nomads Winter activities Top reasons for a winter thermal break Ptuj: Best Cultural Heritage Town in Europe for 2026 AI Alma (open in a new window) Map Favourites Stay Business site Dark mode High-contrast mode Light mode Reading mode Slovenian Tourist Board WINTER WONDERLAND. MY WAY. Christmas markets and decorated towns Boutique. Green. Diverse. Welcome to a country that embraces you with lush greenery reflecting our commitment to sustainability. In this unique land, the Pannonian, Alpine and Mediterranean worlds converge, weaving together a tapestry of natural, cultural and culinary diversity. Discover the world of unique boutique experiences and exceptional people. Stroll through vibrant city streets and squares seamlessly blending with countless picturesque countryside paths. Slovenia is a place where rich cultural tradition harmonizes with the contemporary artistic expression. Here, outdoor activities and exquisite cuisine based on seasonal and local ingredients intertwine with health and well-being. Slovenia. A land of inspiration, where unforgettable memories are made. Stories from Slovenia Find inspiration for your trip in the stories from Slovenia. Skip carousel New Year's in thermal spas Fun and relaxing – this is what the New Year in Slovenian thermal spas is like. New Year's in thermal spas More Top publications on Slovenia in the global media Slovenia in the eyes of the global media and the assets it uses to attract visitors. Top publications on Slovenia in the global media More CONSTELLATION OF THE BEST STORIES FROM SLOVENIA 2025 What excited and inspired us in 2025? CONSTELLATION OF THE BEST STORIES FROM SLOVENIA 2025 More 10 evergreen reasons to visit Slovenia in 2026 10 best reasons to visit Slovenia in 2026. 10 evergreen reasons to visit Slovenia in 2026 More Skiing in Slovenia Enjoy skiing on well-maintained Slovenian ski slopes. Skiing in Slovenia More Inspiring places Slovenia's greatest treasures are waiting for you. How will you feel Slovenia? Skip carousel Naslovnica - znamenitosti Velika planina The largest shepherds’ settlement in Europe. Velika planina More Bled Lake Bled and a castle perched on a cliff is one of the most beautiful Alpine resorts in Europe. Bled More Postojna cave Postojna Cave and Predjama Castle are world-class attractions! Postojna cave More Soča Valley Soča, the emerald river of a thousand special features Soča Valley More UNESCO World Heritage Slovenian treasure troves of world heritage UNESCO World Heritage More Ljubljana Ljubljana. Vibrant. Lively.
A city that combines the charm of a small capital and the confidence of big European cities. Ljubljana More Piran and salt pans Piran, the most beautiful town of Mediterranean Slovenia. Piran and salt pans More Logar Valley Listen to the waterfalls humming away in the green valley. Logar Valley More World’s Oldest Vine For more than 450 years, the world’s oldest vine has remained firmly rooted in the heart of Maribor. World’s Oldest Vine More Lipica Lipica is a renowned cradle of the Lipizzaner horse breed in Europe. Lipica More Slovenia at a glance Currency The Slovenian currency is the Euro. Communication In addition to Slovenian, most people in Slovenia speak English. Arriving in Slovenia It takes 2 hours to fly from London to Ljubljana. Distances In Slovenia, you can swim in the sea in the morning and climb mountains in the afternoon. Boutique, authentic, unique Discover the most unique stories and experiences that you won't find anywhere else. Let yourself be inspired by the 5-star boutique experiences under the Slovenia Unique Experiences label. Here you can experience the uniqueness of Slovenia with all your senses and in an unforgettable way. In your own way. More - Slovenia Unique Experiences Skip carousel Experience An epic tour with the architect of UNESCO's Ljubljana. An intimate experience of the visionary master and his great mind. Read more Master Plečnik Price in EUR From 150,00 € Learn about the story of the best farmed fish in the world and enjoy its incredible taste. Read more An unforgettable day at the Fonda Fish Garden Price in EUR From 66,00 € A woodland adventure where you will learn all you need to know about mushrooms while relaxing and having fun. Read more Mushrooming with Dr. Fungi Price in EUR From 122,00 € A culinary walk through the history of Ljubljana Castle in the company of costumed guides who will serve you with delicious dishes and fascinating facts... Read more Culinary time machine Price in EUR From 166,66 € Enter the world of the mysterious forests of Kočevje and explore the nature in all its primal glory. This area is home to the largest brown bear population... Read more Discover the natural habitat of bears Price in EUR From 260,00 € A 1930s-style noble experience that puts you in the shoes of a legendary entrepreneur on a private visit to what was once Europe's most prestigious leather... Read more Flight to the tannery of Europe Price in EUR From 290,00 € Taste the world's first sparkling wine produced in complete darkness. Read more Untouched by Light Experience – tasting a sparkling wine untouched by light Price in EUR From 200,00 € Spend an unforgettable mushroom/culinary day during which you will learn all about mushroom picking while on a guided hike through the forests of Bovec,... Read more It Smells Like Mushrooms Price in EUR From 110,00 € Discover the century-old tradition of female beekeepers in the Stankovič family's Honey Garden. Under the guidance of skilled female beekeepers, meet... Read more A sweet honey experience Price in EUR From 85,00 € Take a hike along the edge of the Krokar Primeval Forest and let the guide’s narration and modern technology help you discover its secrets. Read more Secrets of the UNESCO-listed Krokar Primeval Forest Price in EUR From 90,00 € A first-class exploration of Pomurje through a guided tour of the family oil mill, where you learn about the traditional processing of pumpkin seed oil... Read more From pumpkin to oil – the story of a family oil mill with a lasting tradition Price in EUR From 45,00 € Ljubljana is still home to master artisans who practise crafts that many people thought were extinct. These crafts are part of the cultural heritage,... Read more Creative handicraft workshops Price in EUR From 40,00 € A forest adventure in which you discover the melodiousness of the trees and learn about the secrets of the forest. Read more Forest Melody Price in EUR From 99,00 € Experience the charm of the Slovenian countryside at one of the most traditional homesteads in Prlekija. Read more Dreamy nights in a hayloft at the Firbas Homestead Price in EUR From 315,00 € A unique three-day experience for lovers of fly fishing, pristine nature and clean rivers that includes local cuisine and an unforgettable adventure –... Read more Fish & Fly Trio Price in EUR From 2.700,00 € In the magical ambiance of the Fonda Fish Garden, right by the sea and a stone's throw from the Sečovlje Salt Pans, you will learn in a small group everything... Read more Mediterranean fish cooking workshop with Irena Fonda Price in EUR From 165,00 € Feel the adrenaline rush of a mountain bike ride through the abandoned tunnels of the Mežica Mine under Mount Peca. Read more Adrenaline-pumping mountain bike descent on the Black Hole Trail Price in EUR From 75,00 € Maribor’s mix of good food, wine and music. Read more Rock'n'Roll of flavours Price in EUR From 120,00 € An experience that reveals the rich pastoral heritage of the Velika Planina plateau and offers a comfortable break and a modern culinary experience in... Read more Experience Velika Planina Price in EUR From 449,00 € Step back in time and embark on a unique journey through photographic heritage – from the late 19th century to the present day – within the authentic... Read more Visiting photographer Pelikan Price in EUR From 70,00 € Learn the skills of charcoal making, one of the oldest trades in the world. Work with a charcoal-making family, learn about the craft and discover how... Read more Charcoal burner for a day Price in EUR From 80,00 € A documentary experience that opens the door to secret rooms where unusual hotel activities took place during the Iron Curtain period. Read more Secret rooms of the Hotel Jama Price in EUR From 50,00 € Accompanied by top athletes, complete the most scenic rowing course in the world. Read more Rowing with Olympic rowers on Lake Bled Price in EUR From 220,00 € Learn how to bake Slovenia's most famous flatbread in the company of locals. Read more Break your Bela krajina flatbread with friends Price in EUR From 50,00 € Turn back time and experience the festive season and Slovenian traditions as they used to be in the days of Prešeren on an authentic Gorenjska homestead. Read more Sound of holiday Price in EUR From 54,00 € A hike on centuries-old Jezersko shepherding trails with an experienced mountaineer. Read more A hike with "sheep salting" above Češka koča Price in EUR From 65,00 € A nostalgic journey in legendary classic cars through Istria’s olive groves. Read more Vintage Gourmet Tour Price in EUR From 410,00 € A culinary experience, in which you will learn about dry ageing of meat products at an acclaimed ham producer in the Prekmurje region and try your hand... Read more Meet Meat & Eat – a story about meat worthy of your time Price in EUR From 145,00 € Become a part of an underground adventure in which you will row through the flooded tunnels of the largest lead and zinc mine in this part of Europe. Read more Kayaking adventure through the underground of Mount Peca Price in EUR From 55,00 € Sports and culinary route to the four microbreweries of Kamnik, the place with the most breweries per inhabitant in the world. Read more Beer Way to Freedom Tour Price in EUR From 65,00 € Join an experienced hunter on a photo hunt in the wilderness of the Soča Valley and get to know the rare wild animals found in the kingdom of the Goldhorn. Read more The wild Soča Valley through the lens Price in EUR From 279,00 € An adrenaline-fuelled adventure in the most famous karst cave in Europe, which will transform you from tourists into explorers. Read more In the footsteps of the first cave explorers - In the footsteps of Luka Čeč Price in EUR From 200,00 € A journey to the seven castles of Posavje to experience their rich cultural heritage, unforgettable views and culinary treats. Read more Magnificent seven – inspiring stories of Posavje castles Price in EUR From 842,00 € Experience a world-class gastronomic adventure in Slovenia's deepest dining room. Enter a time machine and become a part of an underground adventure on... Read more Velenje Underground – a gastronomic adventure 160 metres below the surface Price in EUR From 185,00 € An experience that reveals how mining has shaped the landscape of Šaleška Valley and its inhabitants. Read more Mysteries of submerged villages Price in EUR From 116,00 € A good breakfast sets you up for a day of exploration and fun in the city. Begin your day with a real Ljubljana breakfast and enjoy the always-lively... Read more Yummy Market Walk Price in EUR From 50,00 € The youthful character of Slovenian towns with Joker Out When the charm of Slovenian towns blends with the dynamic energy of a rock 'n’ roll band that swept across Europe. How do these young musicians – each in their own way – experience the city in which they create and to which they happily return after intense recordings sessions and whirlwind tours abroad? How do the diverse characters of the city intertwine with theirs? Discover their favourite spots – where they hang out with friends, immerse themselves in art, indulge in great food and replenish their souls. And where they find their rare moments of tranquillity amidst the electrifying chaos of rock 'n’ roll life. More - Feel-good towns with Joker Out Watch video Feel-good towns of Slovenia with Joker Out My way of connecting with cultural flair Unveil the charm of a contemporary, creatively vibrant Slovenia, distinguished by its world-class artists, an array of year-round inspiring events and a rich cultural heritage. Skip carousel Naslovnica - Explore Advent in Slovenia Feel the warmth of the December fairy-tale in the festively decorated towns of Slovenia. Advent in Slovenia More Top cultural and artistic events in Slovenia in 2026 Top cultural and artistic events that will mark the year 2026. Top cultural and artistic events in Slovenia in 2026 More Ptuj: Best Cultural Heritage Town in Europe for 2026 Experience the cultural life of the oldest Slovenian town. Ptuj: Best Cultural Heritage Town in Europe for 2026 More My way of finding active adventures Slovenia's rugged landscape serves as the ultimate playground for year-round outdoor activities. Breathe in the freshness of nature as you explore new paths, encounter exciting experiences and embark on thrilling adventures. Skip carousel Winter activities to spice up the holidays Treat yourself to unforgettable holidays with winter experiences in Slovenia! Winter activities to spice up the holidays More Cross-country skiing Tips on where to find enjoyable cross-country skiing experiences in nature. Cross-country skiing More Largest sporting events in Slovenia and the world in 2026 Get ready to cheer on your favourites and come to the idyllic environment of Slovenia’s sports venues. Largest sporting events in Slovenia and the world in 2026 More My way of recharging the batteries Find your own oasis of tranquillity and relaxation at Slovenia's natural spas and health resorts. Revitalise your body and mind. Tap into the energy of nature. Indulge in pampering and fun in the water. Skip carousel Naslovnica - Take care Top reasons for a winter thermal break Discover why spas are a great choice for a winter break. Top reasons for a winter thermal break More Indoor water parks at Slovenian thermal health resorts Visit indoor water parks of Slovenia's thermal resorts and explore their attractions for the whole family. Indoor water parks at Slovenian thermal health resorts More Top wellness experiences in Slovenia Forms of pampering in Slovenia, which should be added to your list! Top wellness experiences in Slovenia More My way of tasting Slovenia Treat your taste buds to the exquisite flavours of Slovenia. Indulge in the culinary expertise of our finest chefs as they showcase the authentic tastes of fresh, locally sourced ingredients. Skip carousel Order the best Slovenia has to offer Gourmet treats, top-class wines or traditional ingredients – bring a touch of Slovenian gastronomy to your kitchen. Order the best Slovenia has to offer More (open in a new window) Fragrant Slovenian Holiday Dishes Fragrant Slovenian Holiday Dishes Experience some of the customs and dishes that make Advent and Christmas holidays so tasty in Slovenia. More New Year's Eve dinner: top recipes from a fairytale valley New Year's Eve dinner: top recipes from a fairytale valley Treat yourself to a gourmet start to the New Year with a festive menu inspired by the Hotel Plesnik's restaurant. More Which corner of Slovenia would you like to discover today? Enter destination for more activity information Example of entry Bled, Piran, Ljubljana, Postojna, Ptuj, Maribor, ... Who is Alma? Image was created using artificial intelligence My way to a green future Adopt a sustainable mindset. Opt for green travel choices. Seek green destinations and stay with environmentally conscious providers. Be inspired by Slovenia's green stories. Skip carousel The best green stories from Slovenia 2025 Discover which Slovenian destinations made it to the list of the 100 most inspiring green stories in the world in 2025. The best green stories from Slovenia 2025 More Interactive video Green Slovenia Welcome to the story of green Slovenia. Interactive video Green Slovenia More Sustainable mobility in Slovenia Choose a green mode of transport to travel around Slovenia. Sustainable mobility in Slovenia More Mark your calendar with must-see events Stay informed on Slovenia’s latest happenings and discover exciting upcoming events. Category All Festivals Music events Cultural events Ethnological events Sports events Entertainment events Gastronomic events Children’s events Fair, business and promotion exhibition Other events Year All years 2026 2027 Month All months January February March April May June July August September October November December Search Skip carousel Events 27 Nov - 03 Jan When the city transforms into a fairytale. Read more Festive Maribor 2025 Maribor Price in EUR Free of charge 30 Nov - 03 May Visit the Art Vital exhibition, showcasing the collaborative work and life of the renowned artistic duo Ulay and Marina Abramović, key figures in performance... Read more Ulay / Marina Abramović [ART VITAL] Ljubljana 05 Dec - 11 Jan Experience Laško as a winter wonderland from 5 December to 11 January with festive lights, music, performances, visits from St. Nicholas and Santa, ice... Read more Festive Laško 2025 Laško Price in EUR Free of charge 05 Dec - 06 Jan The Magical Forest at the Treetop Walk Pohorje is the most enchanting winter walk among thousands of twinkling lights, creating a fairytale atmosphere... Read more Magical forest Rogla Price in EUR 16-42 31 Jan The second winter marathon in the heart of the Julian Alps: PLANICA SKI MARATHON is the youngest ski marathon in the Euroloppet series. For the second... Read more Planica Ski Marathon 2026 Powered by I FEEL SLOVENIA! Planica Price in EUR 5 - 40 08 Feb - 12 Mar Love wanderings through Ljubljana Read more LUV Fest Ljubljana 21 Mar - 12 Apr The Škofja Loka Passion Play is the oldest preserved dramatic text in Slovenian, written in 1721 by the Capuchin Romuald. It is revived during Lent as... Read more The Škofja Loka Passion Play Škofja Loka Price in EUR 18.00 do 35.00 EUR Show all events SOUVENIRS OF WONDERFUL STORIES Let collectibles, cheering props, products for children and leisure time embellished with the I feel Slovenia brand remind you of the stories you experienced in Slovenia or inspire you to make new discoveries in the country of boutique tourism. Choose them in the only official online shop. Worldwide delivery guaranteed. Choose something for yourself! More on: SOUVENIRS OF WONDERFUL STORIES (open in a new window) SOUVENIRS OF WONDERFUL STORIES SOUVENIRS OF WONDERFUL STORIES Let collectibles, cheering props, products for children and leisure time embellished with the I feel Slovenia brand remind you of the stories you experienced in Slovenia or inspire you to make new discoveries in the country of boutique tourism. Choose them in the only official online shop. Worldwide delivery guaranteed. Choose something for yourself! More Top IG Stories Find your inspiration for travelling through the most visible, unique Instagram Stories on social networks @FeelSlovenia. Let the Instagram Stories take you through places and first-person adventures, colourful graphics, handwritten notes and an innovative combination of various visual media. Share your way with the world Check out @FeelSlovenia on Instagram and let the whole world know what’s your way of feeling Slovenia with #ifeelsLOVEnia & #myway. More photos Stories from Slovenia Sign up for our monthly newsletter to receive a green piece of Slovenia in your inbox, and learn about holidays, seasonal offers, upcoming events and travel options. The form contains errors Please verify the marked fields and try again. General Terms and Conditions The General Terms and Conditions determine the conditions and manner of using the Slovenian Tourist Board’s Media Library services. In the Media Library, users have at their disposal high-resolution photos and audio-visual recordings of the products and services offered by Slovenian tourism, which are to be used solely for non-commercial purposes as defined below. General rules of application Registration is required to use the Media Library’s services. Registration is available to any legal entity in the Republic of Slovenia and abroad, regardless of their legal form, whose activities involve marketing, promoting and presenting Slovenia as a tourist destination . Photos and audio-visual recordings (hereafter: materials) may be used free of charge for all non-commercial publications that constitute promotion of Slovenia as a tourist destination, abroad or in the Republic of Slovenia , in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions. The right to use the materials is not limited in terms of time or place (the use is permitted in Slovenia and other countries) unless a restriction relating to location and duration of use is specifically provided for an individual item of material . The Slovenian Tourist Board reserves the right to revoke a user’s right to use certain materials at any time. The rights acquired based on these General Terms and Conditions may not be transferred to third parties. Citing the source and authorship Photos and audio-visual recordings may only be used with consistent citation of author/co-authors and source: www.slovenia.info . Rights of use A registered user of the Media Library shall obtain the following non-exclusive economic rights to use the downloaded photos and audio-visual recordings: the right of reproduction and distribution, the right of making available to the public, the right of public presentation, the right of including photos in other copyright work. The above rights refer to all forms of non-commercial and free-of-charge online posts, print media, audio-visual media services and other communication channels, regardless of the type of media (print, digital), which includes: Digital catalogues, e-magazines, newsletters (solely for the purposes of free distribution); Publication in print and other media that report on the Slovenian tourism products and services or promote Slovenia as a tourist destination; Use on social media as part of organic posts (reporting on an event, press releases (solely unpaid posts); Printed promotional materials, prospectuses, leaflets, brochures (solely for the purposes of free distribution); Promotional events in the Republic of Slovenia and abroad (e.g., tourism fairs, exchanges, workshops, presentations, etc.) that are exclusively or predominantly intended to promote Slovenia as a tourist destination. The above forms of use include solely a free-of-charge form of using materials for the purposes of promoting tourism activities and services in the Republic of Slovenia or presenting Slovenia as a tourist destination. Prohibited forms of using materials/commercial use of materials Using materials for commercial purposes , such as reproduction on postcards, T-shirts, books, magnets, embedding audio-visual inserts in one’s own promotional materials, all forms of external advertising (stationary billboards, digital advertising, etc.), use in advertisements unrelated to the promotion of Slovenia as a tourist destination, use on websites that are not intended to present Slovenian tourism products and services and similar activities, is not included in these General Terms and Conditions and is prohibited . It is strictly prohibited to use materials on media and distribution channels that are marketed or sold to users (books, school textbooks, other commercial publishing, calendars, postcards, fast-moving consumer goods (clothes and other products), advertising of non-tourism products and services, reproduction of materials on vehicles, etc.). For more information regarding permitted forms of use, please contact us at tina.sracnjek@slovenia.info . Audio-visual materials (video) Using audio-visual materials is allowed only in the unchanged form available in the Media Library . Transformations, adaptations, clips, embeddings, and instances of using individual shots in one’s own audio-visual works, even if intended for promotional purposes, is prohibited. Breaches of General Terms and Conditions Any breach of economic and/or moral rights of the authors of photographs or audio-visual recordings may constitute a criminal offence and may result in substantive and damage liability of the user. The entity breaching copyright pertaining to the material shall reimburse the Slovenian Tourist Board for all the damage incurred to it due to the breach of rights. The Slovenian Tourist Board shall not be liable for any use of photos and video recordings that is contrary to these rules. The user of the material shall be entirely responsible for the content and manner of use. General provisions These Media Library General Terms and Conditions shall apply for all instances of using the material unless the Slovenian Tourist Board and user agree on special terms of using the material in advance and in writing for a specific instance of using the material. These General Terms and Conditions shall be subject to occasional amendments. Upon the user’s publication of the material, the version of the General Terms and Conditions that is current at that particular time shall apply for the use of materials. If the user disagrees with the amendments made to these General Terms and Conditions, they shall immediately cease using the material and remove it from all media and other communication channels. For more information, please contact us at tina.sracnjek@slovenia.info . Slovenian Tourist Board Ljubljana, 1 June 2022 I agree with the general terms and conditions Confirm Cancel Title Linkedin More Page footer I feel Slovenia Shop - Buy Souvenirs On-line Quick links Slovenia.info Home Business site Sport & Tourism Media Centre Media Library Publications Contact STB social networks Visit also Facebook (new tab) Instagram (new tab) Twitter (new tab) Pinterest (new tab) LinkedIn (new tab) Youtube (new tab) Tripadvisor (new tab) Awards and recognitions Other links © 2026 Slovenian Tourist Board. All rights reserved. Page index Disclaimer Cookies Accessibility statement User rights Production Search Advanced search ALMA Virtual Traveller Alma is a ChatGPT-based virtual travel guide designed to help you find information and inspiration for your next visit to Slovenia. She is full of ideas for great experiences , knows Slovenian destinations and the variety of activities you are particularly interested in, so she can offer you personalised content and inspiring stories available on the official slovenia.info tourism portal. Our virtual advisor was inspired by the intrepid world traveller Alma M. Karlin; therefore, we named her ALMA. Have you met Alma? Alma is a ChatGPT-based virtual travel guide to help you find information and inspiration for your next visit to Slovenia. You may ask her anything you want to know about destinations in Slovenia. Chat with Alma Alma is always available in the bottom left corner of the screen. Privacy settings Change language Select language Slo Select language Eng Select language Deu Select language Ita Select language Rus Select language Fra Select language Esp Essential cookies These cookies enable the correct display of content on the website. These cookies are used to show you the appropriate version of the page for your screen size, remember your choice of cookies, and enable the services that you use on the website to function properly (login, registration, etc.). More about cookies Functional cookies Do you allow us to show you content from other sources on the website and remember your language selection? I allow I don't allow Statistical cookies Do you allow us to collect anonymised data on the viewing of our content? We will improve your user experience. I allow I don't allow Segmentation cookies Do you allow us to record your activities on this website? This allows us to learn about your interests and offer you the features and content about Slovenian tourism that most interest you. I allow I don't allow Advertising cookies Do you allow us to occasionally offer you advertising content from other websites that best match your interests? I allow I don't allow Allow essential cookies Allow all cookies Allow selected cookies I give my consent to the Slovenian Tourist Board to use cookies that enable the display of content (e.g.: audio clips, video clips, images) from other online sources (YouTube, Spotify, etc.) and remember my language selection on the www.slovenia.info website. I also confirm that I have been acquainted with my rights related to the provided personal data. Personal data controller: Slovenian Tourist Board, Dimičeva ulica 13, Ljubljana Phone: +386 1 5898 550 Email: info@slovenia.info I give permission for the Slovenian Tourist Board to record and store anonymised data about my activity on the website, which will be used to provide a better user experience for visitors to the portal in the future. I also confirm that I have been acquainted with my rights related to the provided personal data. Personal data controller: Slovenian Tourist Board, Dimičeva ulica 13, Ljubljana, Phone: +386 1 5898 550 E-mail: info@slovenia.info I give permission for the Slovenian Tourist Board to record my activities on the website regarding my visits to individual types of content in order to produce and display better quality content that is of interest to me. As the Slovenian Tourist Board strives to display high-quality and interesting content on the website, it wishes to measure responses to the displayed notifications and content, track user activity on the website, and create user profiles for targeted advertising, and therefore automatically processes and analyses personal data and assesses user interest in displaying and receiving notifications. I also confirm that I have been acquainted with my rights related to the provided personal data. Personal data controller: Slovenian Tourist Board, Dimičeva ulica 13, Ljubljana Phone: +386 1 5898 550 Email: info@slovenia.info I give permission for the Slovenian Tourist Board to record and store information about my interests, displays, and clicks on advertising content for the purpose of providing specific, topical, high-quality, and targeted advertising content, as well as for the purpose of measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and limiting the repetition of advertisements. These settings apply to advertisements displayed by the Slovenian Tourist Board via advertising on social media platforms (e.g.: Meta, LinkedIn, etc.), international search engines (e.g.: Google), as well as through online applications and activities that directly address the user. Such cookies allow us to track our campaigns online. I also confirm that I have been acquainted with my rights related to the provided personal data. Personal data controller: Slovenian Tourist Board, Dimičeva ulica 13, Ljubljana Phone: +386 1 5898 550 Email: info@slovenia.info Which part of Slovenia would you like to explore? Reply to Alma