Slowtwitch News - Your Hub for Endurance Sports News Triathlon Podcasts Directories Forum Shop Premium Articles Benefits Get Slowtwitch+ Login Get Slowtwitch+ × Welcome to Slowtwitch Directories Shop Forum Podcasts Hookless Wheel Page News Industry Cycling Triathlon Running Swimming Gravel Train × Featured A Year in Triathlon: World Bests That Defined 2025 A look back at some of the notable times and achievements from an exciting year of racing by Kevin Mackinnon, December 31, 2025 Triathlon Stay Strong and Merry: Train During the Holidays (But Take It Easy!) Triathlon A Year in Triathlon: The Top Comebacks of 2025 Triathlon A Year in Triathlon: The Biggest Wins of 2025 News The T100 World Tour is Coming in 2027.  More Details from PTO CEO Sam Renouf News We Noticed: IRONMAN Returns to St. Pölten, BMC Pro Team and BMC Part Ways, Flo Cycling Closes Cycling From Entry-Level to Top-Tier Rides, Canyon Has a Bike For You Triathlon A Year in Triathlon: The Breakout Performances of 2025 Triathlon IRONMAN Puts Draft Zones to the Test With Race Ranger and Aero Expert Marc Graveline Highlights 1 Hookless Wheels FAQ 2 Slowtwitch How-to Guide Local Listings Coaches Races Fitters Curated Threads 1 Official Fit Assistance For Canyon Speedmax, Cfr, Slx, and-Cf 2 Official FIT ASSISTANCE for Quintana Roo Tri Bikes 3 Official Fit Assistance for Profile Design Bars Polls Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. in wheels IRONMAN Should IRONMAN allow disc wheels in Kona? * Yes, allow disc wheels for everyone. Allow them for the pros, but keep them banned for age groupers. No, they are a safety issue and should stay banned. Vote Our Partners CADEX CANYON FELT GOODLIFE Brands GOODLIFE Nutrition GRAVEL WORLDS QUINTANA ROO ROKA MULTISPORT SHIMANO TRAINING PEAKS VELOCITY VENTUM WAHOO WOVE Menu Shop Forum How-To Guide Advertise User Agreement About Us Privacy Statement Support Hookless Wheel Page © Slowtwitch - Built with Federated Computer × Monthly Yearly ($USD) 14 days free $ 6.99 /month after Get all the benefits of Slowtwitch+ and become part of the inner circle Support independent endurance sports journalism Slowtwitch print magazine four times a year Access to premium articles Exclusive audio and video content Preferential member discounts on Slowtwitch Shop Enhance Slowtwitch Forum experience Enhance Slowtwitch Exclusive events Choose ($USD) 14 days free $ 84.00 /year $ 59.99 /year Get all the benefits of Slowtwitch+ and become part of the inner circle Support independent endurance sports journalism Slowtwitch print magazine four times a year Access to premium articles Exclusive audio and video content Preferential member discounts on Slowtwitch Shop Enhance Slowtwitch Forum experience Enhance Slowtwitch Exclusive events Choose Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Join Newsletter Our Name Join Our Newsletter * Submit ×