Braiins Pool By clicking “Accept” , you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Deny Accept Home Products Braiins OS Optimal hashing, maximal profit Braiins Pool Mining bitcoin since 2010 Braiins Toolbox Local mining management toolkit Braiins Manager Monitor and manage mining remotely Hardware Our unique bitcoin devices Braiins Proxy Hashrate aggregation proxy Resources Bitcoin Mining Dashboard Live and historical bitcoin mining data Bitcoin Profitability Calculator Forecast margins and cash flow with precision Bitcoin Charts Track hashrate, hashprice, difficulty & more Mining Blog Insights, deep dives, and tech breakdowns Bitcoin Books Essential reads on the industry past and future Products Academy Documentation and guides about Braiins tools Services Store Company About Us Company information and contacts Careers We are hiring! Newsroom The latest company updates Bonds Participate in our success Contact us Get in touch and let us know how we can help Contact Sales Contact Support Visit Our Help Center Follow Us On Telegram USD/TH/Day 1.53% USD 1.53% En ES RU Schedule a call Schedule a call Log in Sign up Overview Stats News Schedule a call Log in Sign up Overview FPPS Rewards Consistent and predictable rewards comprised of the block subsidy and transaction fees. Find out more Braiins Pool THE WORLD'S LONGEST RUNNING MINING POOL 1.3M+ BTC Mined since 2010 Try Demo Start Mining 0% Pool Fees Secure & Non-KYC Instant Instant LN Payouts Most Profitable FPPS Pool w/ Braiins OS ADVANCED FEATURE SET It’s just like a bank account, giving you precise overview of all transactions Split your mining rewards into multiple financial accounts. Choose when you want to receive your payouts. Daily, weekly, or monthly? No problem! 01 Frequent and Customizable Payouts Control every detail of your financial flows with our customizable payout system. Check out the state of every one of your workers. Filter your workers by different kinds of rules or even using regex. View and analyze each worker's HR to discover potential issues or just cheer it on. 02 Worker Management and Monitoring Get alerted about changes in your hashrate as soon as they happen with our advanced monitoring system. Have an overview of your access profiles and modify them easily when needed. Create a new access profile (for a human or robot - API) and specify its permissions. 03 Access Management Safely share access to your pool account with colleagues and integrate APIs without sacrificing the security of your funds. It’s just like a bank account, giving you precise overview of all transactions Split your mining rewards into multiple financial accounts. Choose when you want to receive your payouts. Daily, weekly, or monthly? No problem! Check out the state of every one of your workers. Filter your workers by different kinds of rules or even using regex. View and analyze each worker's HR to discover potential issues or just cheer it on. Have an overview of your access profiles and modify them easily when needed. Create a new access profile (for a human or robot - API) and specify its permissions. …AND WE ARE JUST GETTING STARTED. FPPS Rewards Consistent and predictable rewards comprised of the block subsidy and transaction fees. Multilingual Support We provide quick and professional support to all of our miners in English, Russian, Spanish, Farsi and Chinese. API & Data Export Exporting mining and reward data is made straightforward and efficient through API’s as well as CSV and JSON downloads. Mobile Application Overview of your mining activity in your pocket. Get notified when there is something needing your attention. REAL-TIME POOL STATS Find out how we're doing. Pool Hashrate 13.91 Eh/s Active Workers 177 359 Active Users 13 112 All-time Mined 1 294 383 BTC Reward System FPPS START MINING WITH Braiins POOL Try Demo Start Mining OUR Solutions Optimal hashing. Maximal profit. Mine more bitcoin at any power limit, optimize chip performance and increase ASIC lifespan with Braiins OS custom firmware. Designed for large-scale operations. OPTIMIZE PERFORMANCE BRAIINS MINING ECOSYSTEM Custom ASIC firmware Mine more bitcoin at any power limit, optimize chip performance and increase bitcoin ASIC lifespan. Designed for large-scale operations. Optimize ASICs FPPS Rewards & Lightning Longest running bitcoin mining pool since 2010. Offering Lightning payouts and predictable and consistent FPPs rewards which include the transaction fees. Join Now Control & curtail your hardware Remotely manage and monitor your bitcoin mining operations. Anywhere, any time. Get Started Bitcoin mining equipment Bitcoin ASICs components and other hardware tools made to withstand the harshest mining environments. Shop Now Setup Bitcoin Mining Mobile App help Troubleshooting API about pool Terms & Conditions Rewards & Fees Braiins.com Slush Pool Braiins OS+ Farm Proxy NEW Stratum V2 Mining Insights Mining Insignts SOFTWARE Braiins Pool Braiins OS Braiins Manager Braiins Toolbox Braiins Proxy Stratum V2 HARDWARE Braiins DECK BCB 100 BMM 101 SERVICES Bitcoin services Braiins Story Blog Books Data Braiins Store ABOUT Newsroom Careers Brand Assets Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact Bitcoin mining ecosystem. Mine more bitcoin with Braiins tools: mining pool, management system, firmware, hardware, education & more.