We value your privacy!

We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze how you use this website, store your preferences, and provide the content and advertisements that are relevant to you. These cookies will only be stored in your browser with your prior consent.
More information in our Cookies Policy. 

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
Solutions
Product
Resources
Company
Get Started
AI-Powered DSP Engineered for Growth
Your solution for mobile user acquisition, CTV, and retargeting campaigns.
Get Started
Discover how Smadex solutions can transform your business
Mobile UA
Get more users, keep them engaged, and drive sales.

We make user acquisition simple and effective, helping you find the right users for your app and achieve your goals.

Additionally, our retargeting campaigns ensure you acquire new users and retain and engage your existing audience.

Learn More

Connected TV (CTV)
Performance and Brand Awareness Campaigns.

Elevate your brand’s visibility and engage your target audience with our CTV advertising solutions.

With precise audience targeting and real-time insights, we help you amplify your voice in the fast-growing CTV landscape. 

Learn More

Brand Awareness
Full-Funnel Approach.

Awareness Campaigns: We craft compelling brand experiences that resonate with your audience, delivering deep data integration and real-time precision targeting to make your brand unforgettable.

Direct Response Campaigns: Our expertise lies in guiding potential customers from interest to action, utilizing in-app and mobile web traffic, cross-channel expertise, and in-depth tracking capabilities.

Learn More

Mobile Subscription Services
Solutions for quality content via Direct Carrier Billing.

Experience top-notch Mobile Subscription Services that simplify content access via Direct Carrier Billing.

With global reach, trusted partnerships, and tailored solutions, Smadex is your one-stop destination for quality mobile subscription services.

Learn More

Leading Brands Trust Smadex to Unlock Their Mobile Growth
mobile devices
CTV channels
downloads per month
Why Smadex
AI-Powered Platform

Cutting-edge AI and robust programmatic tools to achieve scalable growth.

Creative Studio 

Maximize ad impact by combining our creative team’s expertise with our AI testing technology.

Cross-Channel Functionality


Full-funnel performance from UA through retargeting to CTV seamlessly in one platform.

Growth at Scale
Committed to your success.
Transparency and Trust

Built on trust and transparency, you’ll have the confidence to run campaigns securely, knowing your data is protected and your goals are in capable hands.

Customized Machine Learning

Our advanced machine learning adapts to your unique needs. Fueled by rich contextual signals and first-party data, we pinpoint audiences that engage and drive conversion.

Trusted Expertise

Our team of mobile advertising experts is here to guide your journey. We’re well-versed in the evolving landscape and ready to share our knowledge for your benefit.

Partners and Integrations

“Our partnership with Smadex has been instrumental in driving the success of our mobile app, with a significant uplift in valuable installs and improved user engagement through CTV.

Sara Guerola | Product Marketing Manager, Bandai Namco Mobile

“Smadex’s innovative strategies and hands-on, creative approach has significantly boosted talabat’s campaign performance. Their strategic insights and creativity have been instrumental in driving talabat’s growth, making them an invaluable partner in our marketing efforts.”

Glen D’Souza | Sr. Performance Marketing Specialist, talabat

“Smadex’s expertise and transparent approach to Mobile UA and CTV has helped us to successfully unlock a new growth channel. In just a few months, our partnership with Smadex has yielded exceptional outcomes, enhancing both upper-funnel awareness conversions for Solitaire Cash, Bingo Cash, and Bubble Cash. Whilst we analyze and monitor many metrics, ROAS is our North Star and we have been able to scale with Smadex based on results.”

Dan Hayoun | Performance Group Manager , Papaya

“Since launching in 2020, Smadex has played an instrumental role in supporting TextNow’s mission to democratize phone service. Smadex stands out as an exceedingly adaptable ally, working to drive efficiency in an ever-changing digital landscape. Partnering with the Smadex team has set a new standard for what can be achieved through true collaboration and candor. As a result, we consider Smadex as an essential contributor to the growth of TextNow, and are excited to further cultivate our relationship in 2024 and beyond.”

Zamir Wassermiller | Senior Growth Manager, TextNow

“Smadex’s expertise in mobile user acquisition and creative testing is unparalleled. Their rigorous analysis and insights helped us identify the specific creative elements that were driving performance, enabling us to optimize our campaigns and achieve great results. Smadex’s unwavering commitment to excellence and innovative approach to problem-solving make them an invaluable partner for any mobile marketer seeking to enhance their campaigns.”

Oğuz Ayar |Sr. User Acquisition Manager, Voodoo

“Partnering with Smadex has been transformative for Jackpocket. Their strategic planning and data-driven approach ensured our ads reached the right audience during peak lottery seasons. The custom dynamic creatives and precise targeting were particularly effective. Smadex is a trusted partner, and we look forward to continued collaboration.”

Diogo Martins |Senior Manager, User Acquisition, Jackpocket

“Smadex has truly cracked the code on performance, mastering both the CTV landscape and large-scale user acquisition. Their integrated approach consistently outperforms the market, making them an indispensable partner in our global expansion.”

Sandesh Gupta | Director - Digital Marketing (US), MPL
View All Success Stories

We do more than just deliver ads

Smadex is performance and transparency all in one.

Get Started
Solutions
UA
Connected TV
Brand Awareness
Mobile Subscription Services
Product
Creative Studio
SKAN-Ready
Performance & Transparency
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Mobile Masterminds
Company
Careers
About

@2025 Entravision Comunications Corporation. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy | Brand Safety Policy | Legal Notice | Cookies Policy

Go to Top