Smart home with Samsung SmartThings | Samsung US Skip to content Samsung and Cookies Samsung Electronics, and its partners, use cookies, web beacons, pixels and similar technologies through which we and certain third parties (such as our advertising and analytics partners) may collect, record, use and share information about your use of our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of cookies. To manage your cookie preferences, see Cookie Preference Settings. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Read More close Choose your location and language. USA / ENGLISH Other Countries Continue Close Welcome to the ! Please enjoy our special offers for you MY BENEFITS SPECIAL OFFERS Search Search Cart Number of Products : Sign in Open My Menu Navigation Back Search FEATURED Galaxy Z Fold7 Galaxy Z Flip7 Galaxy S25 Ultra Galaxy Tab S11 Series Galaxy Watch8 Galaxy XR Neo QLED 8K TV The Frame Pro Q-series Soundbar Odyssey Neo G9 Curved Monitor Bespoke with AI Family Hub™+ Bespoke AI Vented Laundry Combo™ Bespoke Slide-in Gas Range Bespoke Smart 3rd Rack Dishwasher Previous Next SHOP BY CATEGORY Shop Explore Shop Shop Shop Galaxy Z Fold7 Galaxy Z Flip7 Galaxy S25 Ultra Galaxy Tab S11 Series Galaxy Watch8 Galaxy XR Neo QLED 8K TV The Frame Pro Q-series Soundbar Odyssey Neo G9 Curved Monitor Bespoke with AI Family Hub™+ Bespoke AI Vented Laundry Combo™ Bespoke Slide-in Gas Range Bespoke Smart 3rd Rack Dishwasher Discover Buy Direct Get More Holiday Gifting SmartThings Samsung Rewards Samsung Offer Programs Samsung Care+ Samsung Experience Stores Curated Collections Mobile Mobile Mobile Galaxy Smartphone Galaxy Tab Galaxy Book Galaxy Watch Galaxy Buds Galaxy Ring Galaxy XR Galaxy Accessories Certified Re-Newed Discover Discover Mobile Galaxy AI One UI Samsung Health Apps & Service Why Galaxy Switch To Galaxy Samsung Trade-In TV & AV TV & AV TV & AV The Frame Neo QLED OLED QLED Crystal UHD The Movingstyle Micro RGB The Terrace Sound Devices JBL Audio Projectors TV Accessories Audio Accessories TVs by Size 98 inch TVs 85 inch TVs 75 inch TVs 65 inch TVs 55 inch TVs 50 inch TVs 43 inch TVs 32 inch TVs Discover Samsung Vision AI MICRO LED Why OLED TVs Why Neo QLED TVs Why The Frame TVs TV Buying Guide Soundbar Buying Guide TV & Audio Offers Appliances Appliances Appliances Refrigerators Wall Ovens Ranges Cooktops & Hoods Microwaves Dishwashers Washers Dryers Vacuums Appliance Accessories Discover Bespoke AI SmartThings for Appliances Why Samsung Appliances Home Appliance Buying Guides Explore Refrigerators Explore Laundry Bespoke Design Studio Appliance Offers Computers & Monitors Computers & Monitors Computers & Monitors Galaxy Book & Laptop Monitors Memory & Storage Displays for Business Discover Copilot+ PCs Upgrade to Windows 11 Monitor Offers Memory Gaming Why Samsung Monitors Why Smart Monitor Why Odyssey Gaming Monitor Monitor Buying Guide Wearables Wearables Wearables Galaxy Watch Galaxy Buds Galaxy Ring Galaxy XR Discover Samsung Health Galaxy AI Apps & Service Why Galaxy Switch To Galaxy Samsung Trade-In Audio Audio Audio Galaxy Buds JBL Headphones JBL Gaming Headsets JBL Portable Speakers Sound Devices Party Speakers Accessories Accessories Accessories Galaxy Smartphone Accessories Galaxy Tab Accessories Galaxy Watch Accessories Galaxy Buds Accessories SmartTag TV Accessories Audio Accessories Projector Accessories Refrigerator Accessories Vacuum Cleaner Accessories Washer & Dryer Accessories Support Support Support Support Home Manuals & Software Register A Product Samsung Care Contact Chat with us Order Help Product Help Repair Services Warranty Information Find A Service Center Request A Repair Cracked Screen Repair Check Repair Status Additional Support Community Samsung Care+ Samsung Care+ Mobile Self Repair Program Order Help Product Help Request A Repair Register A Product For Business Sign in/Create Account Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account Open My Menu Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account Search Search Cart Number of Products : Sign in/Create Account Sign in/Create Account Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account Track your orders Business account Open My Menu Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account My Orders My Page & Products My Rewards Product Registration Samsung Account Log Out Close menu Your cart is empty. OK Layer Popup Close Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart. OK Layer Popup Close Remove a Product Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product? Move to wish list Delete Layer Popup Close Check Preferences Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences. YES LATER Close Check Preferences Search Form Clear Scan Barcode NO SUGGESTIONS AI Suggested Searches Suggested Searches POPULAR SEARCHES RECENT SEARCHES RELATED PRODUCTS RECOMMENDED Close SmartThings Overview Get Ideas App Shop now Explore App Download Stop automatic slide show SmartThings meets AI Home Learn more Your home saves energy AI Energy Mode helps control your home’s energy use, optimizing devices to save power and lower your bills. Learn more Previous Next play AI Home Your home saves energy What is SmartThings Latest updates Inspiring ideas Features Compatible devices A new way to enjoy your home With SmartThings, you can create an AI-powered home that makes life more comfortable for you and looks after your loved ones. Previous Easy Make your home life easier Save Save time and energy Care Care for your loved ones Secure Keep your data secure Next Indicator 1 Shop SmartThings One app. Many brands. Simplify your life and expand your AI home. Available now on Samsung.com. Shop now Your Home Speaks You Learn how you can create an AI Home powered by SmartThings and Galaxy AI. Previous Play video Play video Play video Play video Next play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Close Latest updates See what's new on SmartThings. Home Insight Streamline your life with a bird's eye view summary of your home. 1 Home Routine Create new routines easily with devices you already have at home. Device Control Turn your phone into a remote for all your favorite devices. 2 SmartThings 101 Connect your home seamlessly and become a SmartThings expert. Watch now Indicator 1 Indicator 2 Indicator 3 Indicator 4 Inspiring ideas The possibilities are endless. Here are some ideas of how to improve your life with SmartThings. 01 Manage energy usage with AI Learn more 02 Care for your loved ones from afar Learn more 03 Tag and track your pet Learn more 04 Set the perfect mood for sleep Learn more 05 Power up your home office Learn more Get more from your products Experience the full power of your products with SmartThings. Mobile TV & Monitor Refrigerator Washer & Dryer Robot vacuum cleaner Quick Remote Control devices seamlessly Now you can use your phone as a remote to manage your home. 3,4,5 Smart View Cast what you want Mirror selected apps from your Galaxy smartphone on your TV. 6 3D Map View See your home at a glance Monitor and control your home from your Galaxy devices. 7 play Indicator 1 Close Close Close New AI Smart Monitors New AI Smart Monitors Get up to $300 Samsung Credit. ⊗ Plus, bundle and save 10%. ҂ Built-in SmartThings Hub Create your smart home seamlessly Samsung TV includes a built-in SmartThings Hub, so there's no need to purchase a separate hub. 9 Workout Tracker Track your fitness Monitor workout progress on your TV while watching your favorite content, like a workout video. 10,11 play Indicator 1 Close Close Close AI Vision Inside Peek inside with AI Vision Keep an eye on what's there and what's expiring. 12,13 AI Energy Mode Monitor your energy usage Save up to 10% of your refrigerator energy with AI Energy Mode. 14 Door Open Notification Keep it closed Get alerts from your Samsung refrigerator if the door isn't fully shut, saving you on food and energy costs. 15 play Indicator 1 Close Close Close AI Energy Mode Manage energy use AI Energy mode reduces energy consumption up to 60% on washing and 30% on drying. 16 Customized Clothing Care Wash and dry your way Clothing Care creates customized care cycles to meet your laundry needs. 17 Device Status Check Care for the devices that care for you Get notifications when your devices need service or support. 25 play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Home Monitoring Pet care from afar Check in on your pets using your Jet Bot Combo AI robot vacuum cleaner. 21,22 Optimal Charging Use off-peak energy Optimize your charging at the right time. 23,24 Voice Control Say it. SmartThings does it. With voice assistant, tell your Jet Bot where and when to clean, and even to start or stop. 19 play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Download SmartThings app All SmartThings More compatible than ever Look for "Works with Samsung SmartThings" or "Matter" badges on supported devices. Previous Smart Home Hubs The heartbeat of your smart home—connect, automate, and control everything. Shop now Smart Lighting Transform your space with smart lighting. Control brightness, color, and mood. Shop now Sensors Automate lights and appliances based on movement detection. Shop now Smart Plugs Make any outlet smart. Manage devices, save energy, and stay connected. Shop now Cameras Keep your home safe anytime, anywhere. Shop now Thermostats Upgrade your comfort with smarter heating, cooling, and energy savings. Shop now Doorbells Smart and secure. Always know who's at your door. Shop now Next Indicator 1 Explore the SmartThings app Learn more *Image are simulated for illustrative purposes. The availability of technology, functions, features, and services may vary by country, service provider, network environment, or product, and may change without notice. SmartThings supported devices can be found at https://partners.smartthings.com/supported-devices. *To use SmartThings, download the App from the Galaxy Store, Google Play Store, or Apple App Store. The supported OS specification, required storage space, and other usage environment for the SmartThings app can be found on the app download page in each app store. SmartThings has compatibility constraints, and the compatible environment may be updated periodically. *The availability of technology, functions, features, and services may vary by country, service provider, network environment, or product, and may change without notice. *All devices must be connected to Wi-Fi or other wireless network, and registered with a single Samsung Account. *SmartThings features and specifications may vary depending on the product and region/country. *Images and on-screen contents are simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual user interface (UI) may vary depending on software version, model, region and other factors. *The maximum number of devices that can be connected to SmartThings is 300 per location. However, the maximum number of devices that can be connected may be limited depending on the user’s network environment. Up to 10 locations per account can be used, up to 20 rooms per location, and up to 20 members can be invited per account by the administrator who registered the location. 1 Some features of Home Insight are currently available only in Korea and the USA. 2 The devices supported in Device Control may change without notice and certain models may not be included. 3 Available on Android and iOS devices, but Samsung Galaxy smartphones provide the best experience. This function may be supported in different ways on other smartphones. 4 The only devices supported are certain models of TVs manufactured in 2020 or later and certain models of air conditioners, air purifiers, and robot vacuum cleaners manufactured in 2024 or later. 5 The automatic activation time varies depending on the user environment. 6 Smart View is only available on smart TVs that support Miracast, using the Galaxy smartphones and tablets. App Cast availability may vary depending on the device, application and country/region. 7 Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. 8 AI Energy Mode is applicable to 2023 TVs. The actual power reduction may vary by model and is based on internal testing. The SmartThings App, a Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. AI Energy Mode does not support Game, Intelligent, Art, Screen Mirroring, Ambient or Retail Mode. In environments where the surrounding light exceeds 80 lux, certain aspects of the AI energy-saving feature may not function, resulting in reduced energy savings. Energy saving rate may vary according to regions, models, sizes, viewing conditions or types of content. 9 Samsung TVs (Q60 or above, released after 2022) include a built-in SmartThings Hub that supports Matter, Thread and Zigbee technologies. 10 Available on Galaxy Watch 4 and later models when used with a Samsung TV launched in 2024. TV and watch devices must be signed in with the same Samsung account. 11 Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or disease. The measurements are for your personal reference only. 12 As of April 2024, AI Vision Inside can recognize 33 food items like fresh fruits and veggies. If the food is not recognizable, it may be listed as unknown item. AI Vision Inside cannot identify or list any food items in the fridge door bins or freezer. It recognizes food items based on deep learning models, which may be updated periodically to improve accuracy. 13 User may need to manually operate the list for accuracy. 14 The test results are based on a comparison of the factory setting temperature when using AI Energy Mode and without using AI Energy Mode. Results may vary depending on the actual usage patterns and conditions. 15 Available on Android and iOS devices. Refrigerator and mobile devices must be signed in with the same Samsung account. 16 Based on internal testing and verified by KATRI (Korea Apparel Testing Research Institute) with IEC 3kg on AI Wash & Dry cycle with AI Energy Mode ON. Results may vary depending on the actual usage patterns and conditions. 17 The user will be solely responsible for any consequence(s) that may result, including but not limited to any damage or harm caused by incorrect information provided by the user. 18 Based on internal testing on the AR07D9181HZ3 model. The compressor’s indicated frequency is reduced by 27% using the compressor’s lowest output control, which is reduced from the existing 15rps to 12rps (may differ by model). The testing was conducted in Samsung’s 132m² residential environment laboratory at a temperature of 35°C/24°C (dry bulb/wet bulb, KS C 9306: air conditioner). Requires the use of the SmartThings App and a Samsung account. Actual savings may vary by usage patterns and environment. 19 Bixby is Samsung’s brand of Internet of Things (IoT) voice assistant. Bixby service availability may vary depending on country. Bixby recognizes selected languages and certain accents/dialects, including Korean, English (US/GB/IN), Spanish (MX/ES), German, French, Italian, and Portuguese (BR). The user interface may change and differ by device. The availability of Bixby features and content providers may vary depending on the country/carrier/language/device model/OS version. A Samsung account log-in and data network connection (Wi-Fi or data network) are required. 20 This function may be affected by the GPS conditions. 21 The availability of SmartThings Pet Care's monitoring feature may vary by region and is only supported on the Jet Bot Combo AI and Jet Bot AI+ model. 22 Only dogs and cats can be recognized. The recognition capabilities may be limited by the posture or position of a pet. The ability to recognize your pet may vary depending on the type of animal and the living environment. It only recognizes a pet presence based on generic visual indicators, and cannot identify individual pets. 23 This feature is only supported on robot vacuum cleaner models released in 2024 (VR7MD*******). 24 The SmartThings Energy service needs to be downloaded and Optimal Charging must be activated in advance using this feature. The availability of this feature and the Optimal Charging Options may vary depending on the country. 25 The SmartThings App is available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. Washer or dryer and mobile devices must be signed in with the same Samsung account. 26 SmartThings Family Care serivce is currently available in Korea and the USA. Available on Android Galaxy devices. ⊗ 10 AM EST 6/24 9:59 AM EST 7/13, while supplies last, purchase a select monitors (“Eligible Monitors”) at Samsung.com ("Qualifying Purchase") and receive up to a $300 Samsung Credit per Eligible Monitor ("Gift"). Gift is an e Certificate code that will be sent via email within 35 days after Qualifying Purchase, expires on 10/30/25 and must be used at checkout only on Samsung.com or in the Shop Samsung app. Gift is a one time use; when first used, any value not used is lost. Gift is nontransferable. If you return or cancel your purchase, Gift is forfeited. Limit: One Gift per Qualifying Purchase up to four (4) Gifts per consumer . Eligible SKUs: LS32FM702UNXZA, LS32FM703UNXZA, LS43FM702UNXZA, LS43FM703UNXZA, LS32FM803UNXZA, LS32FM902SNXZA. ҂ Valid through 7/13/25 while supplies last on purchase of eligible monitors on Samsung.com or in the Samsung Shop App (“Eligible Monitors”)--save 10% when buying 1 Launch Monitor and 1 Eligible Monitor in the same transaction. Limit of (2) Monitors discounted per transaction. Discount automatically reflected at checkout. Launch SKUs: LS32FM702UNXZA, LS32FM703UNXZA, LS43FM702UNXZA, LS43FM703UNXZA, LS32FM803UNXZA, LS32FM902SNXZA. Eligible SKUs: LS57CG952NNXZA,LS55BG970NNXGO,LS55CG970NNXGO,LS49CG954ENXZA,LS49DG934SNXGO,LS49DG956SNXGO,LS49CG954SNXZA,LS49DG910SNXZA,LS49FG910ENXZA,LS43CG702NNXZA,LS34BG850SNXZA,LS34DG856SNXZA,LC34G55TWWNXZA,LS32DG802SNXZA,LS32BG852NNXGO,LS32DG702ENXZA,LS32BG702ENXGO,LS32BG652ENXGO,LS32DG502ENXZA,LS28BG702ENXGO,LS27FG900XNXZA,LS27FG810SNXZA,LS27DG602SNXZA,LS27DG610SNXZA,LS37D800UANXZA,LS37D700EANXZA,LS34A650UBNXGO,LS34C650TANXGO,LS34C650UANXGO,LS34C650VANXGO,LS32D701EANXZA,LS32D708EBNXGO,LS32D700EBNXGO,LU32R590CWNXZA,LS32B806PXNXGO,LS32D804UANXGO,LS32D802EANXGO,LS27C900PANXZA,LS27D802UANXGO,LS27D802EANXGO,LS43DM702UNXGO,LS43DM703UNXZA,LS32DM702UNXGO,LS32DM703UNXZA,LS32CM703UNXZA,LS32CM801UNXZA,LS32DM801UNXZA,LS32CM80GUNXZA,LS32CM80PUNXZA,LS27CM701UNXZA,LS27CM801UNXZA,LS27CM80GUNXZA,LS27CM80PUNXZA. Home Home SmartThings SmartThings Footer Navigation SHOP open Shop Home Buy Direct Get More Discover AI SmartThings Samsung Rewards Student & Workplace Offers Samsung Care+ Samsung Experience Stores Samsung Trade-in Apps & Services Certified Re-Newed U.S. Sustainability For Business Samsung Authorized Reseller Program Explore PRODUCT open Galaxy Smartphone Galaxy Tab Galaxy Book Galaxy Watch Galaxy Buds TVs Projectors Sound Devices Refrigerators Dishwashers Laundry Vacuum Cleaners Monitors Memory & Storage Accessories SUPPORT open Support Home Manual & Software Warranty Information Service Center Request a Repair Track Repair Order Help Returns Contact Us Chat Samsung Community Slide-in Electric Range Recall How to Recycle ACCOUNT open Why Samsung Account Samsung Rewards Orders My Page Product Registration Samsung Account FAQ SUSTAINABILITY open Overview Environment Digital Responsibility Security and Privacy Accessibility Labor & Human Rights Belonging & Culture Sustainable Supply Chain Corporate Citizenship Corporate Sustainability ABOUT US open Leadership & Mission Our Business Brand Identity Careers Investor Relations Newsroom Ethics Samsung Design Copyright© 1995-2025 SAMSUNG. All Rights Reserved. USA/ENGLISH USA/ENGLISH Privacy Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement Legal Accessibility Help Sitemap STAY IN THE LOOP? Go to Top Get stock alert Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email to opt into alerts. Enter Your Email Double check the address…just to make sure! Close Submit Close popup We will email you when inventory is added. Thank you. Submit Close popup My Wishlist 1 My Wishlist 2 My Wishlist 3 My Wishlist 4 My Wishlist 5 My Wishlist 6 My Wishlist 7 My Wishlist 8 My Wishlist 9 Close popup Layer Popup Close