SmartBrief | Industry News & Newsletters | The Smart Newsletter Subscriptions Advertise Advertise Industry Media Kits Media Kits Partner Latest articles SmartStudio Let's talk Hyper- targeted industry news We make it easy for business leaders to stay up to date on their industry’s most important topics. Browse newsletters Partners Why millions trust SmartBrief every day Combining the best in technology and editorial expertise, SmartBrief curates, distills and delivers the most relevant industry news in partnership with leading trade associations, professional societies, nonprofits and corporations to 7 million senior executives, thought leaders and industry professionals. 14+ Industries 200+ Industry leading partners 300+ Publications 7m+ Subscribers 24 Years in business Trusted by Become a Partner Advertising Advertising built and optimized for B2B marketers Reach the decision-makers your business needs most with unparalleled first-party data and targeting ability. Targetability Connect with the right audience at the right time, with our proprietary ad-serving technology. Brand Safety Align your brand with trusted industry content, editorial expertise and the world’s most reputable associations. Reach With a reach of more than 7 million opt-in subscribers, SmartBrief's first-party data is the most qualified and exclusive way to reach decision-makers in your target market. Start advertising SmartStudio Custom content made simple Our custom content studio creates insights-driven, compelling assets designed to connect brands with influential business professionals. Reach the audience you want with content that moves the needle through SmartBrief’s hyper-targeted distribution network. Lead Generation Amplify your content to engage buyers and drive demand across our network of over 7 million business executives. Thought Leadership Take an editorial approach to position your brand as an industry leader, alongside the most reputable and impactful trade associations. Brand Awareness Visibility, expertise and relevance – the hallmarks of industry leadership. By distributing the right mix of advertising and content you will get the best of all three. News and analysis Our own words Industry-specific original features, Q&As with leaders, and analysis on key issues. Keeping our readers smart beyond the daily news by identifying the trends that have the potential to move industries. Lilla Ross 11/10/25 Federal shutdown is creating more work for overloaded special education teachers Teachers are turning to generative AI tools for help with IEPs and tracking objectives so they can spend more time with students Edtech Education Special Education Mike Driehorst 09/15/25 Q&A with 4As CEO: How adland – and the association – are evolving New 4As CEO Justin Thomas-Copeland talks about the evolving role of the trade group and agencies, the need to commercialize AI and creating an environment so talent can do their best work. Marketing Marketing Strategy James Stanger 09/03/25 Why automation without oversight is the next cybersecurity challenge How to solve AI's "blinking 12" problem. Practical AI Technology Melissa Turner 08/13/25 Announcing a new SmartBrief newsletter design SmartBrief's newsletter design prioritizes accessibility, engaging features and a fresh new look to connect with B2B audiences. Media James Stanger 05/22/25 Overcoming the IT/OT disconnect An overview of critical infrastructure culture conundrums and nuances. Security Technology Syed Balkhi 04/08/25 The impact of brand identity on customers’ psychology When your brand identity resonates with customers, loyalty and sales will follow. Marketing Marketing Strategy Susan Rush 03/17/25 Best practices for encrypting and securing data under zero trust SDI Presence’s Galaxia Martin discusses zero-trust architecture's role in modern cybersecurity. Security Technology Syed Balkhi 01/31/25 6 pop-up ad targeting techniques to skyrocket your results (Part 2) How to successfully use pop-up targeting to reach your audience. Marketing Marketing Strategy Mike Driehorst 12/30/24 Where to find the 2025 Super Bowl ads Here is a rundown of where you can find the brands that are advertising in the Big Game. Brands & Campaigns Marketing Rick Milenthal 11/11/24 It is now time for brands to promote national healing The Shipyard’s Rick Milenthal offers five ways that brands can serve as beacons of hope and help humanity prevail in its political winter. Marketing Marketing Strategy Geoff Gates 07/30/24 Why it’s time to add Reddit marketing to your mix Boathouse’s Geoff Gates offers six reasons why brands and agencies should add Reddit marketing to their mix. Marketing Social Media Doug Harris 06/13/24 AHIP 2024: Tech, human touch a balancing act Abraham Verghese stressed the importance of focusing dually on progress and people. Healthcare Insurers Pharmaceuticals Providers Technology 05/23/24 Smart devices, smarter hackers? How AI makes IoT security harder -- or easier -- for businesses AI Technology Melissa Turner 01/19/24 Welcome to the new SmartBrief.com SmartBrief marks its 25th year with a new website that reaffirms its B2B media leadership, offering news you can use, leads for brands and editorial expertise. See what we have to offer. Brands & Campaigns Marketing Amber Johnson 12/24/25 How trust violations create a vicious cycle, and how to handle it Trust is the foundation of all effective collaboration, Amber Johnson writes, and leaders must be intentional in rebuilding it when it's broken Leadership Management S. Chris Edmonds 12/23/25 Make accountability a priority in 2026 Accountability is imperative for every leader to practice which means taking initiative and sharing information, says S. Chris Edmonds. Development Leadership Alaina Love 12/22/25 The 1 gift high-performing leaders give themselves High-performing leaders are those who take the time for reflection to gain clarity, humility and conviction, writes Alaina Love. Development Leadership Mike Daher 12/22/25 Beyond bargain hunting: The true meaning of value in retail Deloitte’s Mike Daher explores the price-value relationship in retail and how brands can win consumers over in any economic climate Marketing Marketing Strategy Emily Elliott 12/19/25 What’s Next for Trade Shows: Key Trends for Early 2026 As 2025 wraps up, marketers are gearing up for a busy Q1 2026 tradeshow season. After several years of disruption, the events landscape has leveled out, and several trends are shaping how brands should show up next year. Marketing Nina Snyder 12/19/25 How guidance, college counselors can use AI tools AI tools such as ChatGPT, Gemini and Esslo can ease workloads for guidance and college counselors, writes Nina Snyder. Best Practices Education Marc Cugnon 12/19/25 Prioritize healthy teams to overcome end-of-year burnout Marc Cugnon shares his advice on how to tackle end-of-year burnout, manage fatigued teams, and return in the new year with renewed confidence. Leadership Management Sean McMahon 12/19/25 How to Keep Data Centers Secure Amid all the headlines about the cost of AI data centers and how they will be powered, it's time to talk about to protect them. Infrastructure Renewable Energy Read more A Future plc business. About About us Contact us Write for us Careers A Future B2B Brand Publications Newsletters Insights & Analysis Advertising Partnerships Marketing Resources Advertising Specs SmartStudio Legal Terms of Use Privacy & Cookies Policy California Privacy Rights Privacy Settings Copyright © 2025 SmartBrief. All Rights Reserved. A division of Future B2B LLC, Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY, 10036. Cookie preferences