Smartsupp | Increase sales with Live chat, Chatbot and AI tools Display/hide menu Product AI Shopping assistant 24/7 available, always there to help and boost your sales Discover AI Assistant Powerful features AI Shopping Assistant Let Mira AI revolutionize the way you care for your customers Live Chat Genuinely connect with visitors and boost online sales Chatbots Automate your sales and customer care processes Integrate on your platform See 80+ integrations Try Smartsupp - it’s free Solutions AI for E-commerce AI for Customer Service AI for B2B websites AI for Your Website Powerful features Multichannel Lead Generation Mobile SDK Enterprise Resources Blog Product updates Smartsupp Academy Resources Getting started? Blog Discover the latest trends in conversational e-commerce Case studies Find out how Smartsupp boosts businesses Smartsupp Academy Learn how to setup and chat with your customers Product Updates See our latest updates and new product features Need help? Help Find answers to technical issues in our tutorials Integrations Easy installation on your web platform and with other tools Developer Docs Get all the technical details for enhanced implementation Get a 1-to-1 Demo Book a demo to find out your business opportunities Pricing Book a demo Log in Sign up – it's free Change language (current: English) Čeština Español Français Magyar Italiano Deutsch Nederlands Polski based on 700+ reviews from Help your customers instantly with AI Automatically resolve your customers queries with AI Shopping Assistant, easily engage across live chat, WhatsApp, Messenger and Email within one dashboard. Sign up – it's free No credit card required Join 100,000+ customers now Join 100,000+ customers now Live Chat Real-time chat with your customers and transform interactions into brand loyalty. Use quick response to boost engagement and sales. Explore Live Chat Chatbots Automate all or part of customer interactions, even after working hours. Handle advance inquiries for your team and decide when the customer needs to talk with live agent. Chatbot flows Lead Generation Never miss an opportunity. Capture leads 24/7, ready for your sales team to close the deal. Secure new leads AI Engage AI-driven engagement at the right moment. Automate tailoring messages for higher conversions. Engage visitors New Shopping Assistant Meet Smartsupp Mira AI, your own shopping assistant that learns your business and improves customer satisfaction by providing instant assistance, product recommendation, support and advice. Recommends products & services Answers up to 80% common and technical questions Customizable identity, tone and brand voice Configurable handover to a human operator Easy & continuous training through web-scraping and FAQs Learns about your products directly from your product feed Try Now Show Mira AI Boost your online sales in 3 steps Increase your conversion rate, upsell, and cross-sell by following these powerful strategies. 1 Engage Don't wait for customers to reach you. Notify them of exciting news. Up to 240 new leads every day. Read how AAA auto does it 2 Assist Address customer inquiries and guide them to the right products. Order value +30% increased for customers who used chat. Read how Dokonalá káva does it 3 Convert Convince your customers that you are the best choice and close the deal! Every 5th conversation ends with a purchase. Read how Insportline does it Featuring – a powerful chat widget Live Chatting Chatbot flows Engage visitors Lead generation Customizable Widget A user-friendly chat widget for seamless communication will be appreciated by your agents and customers. Explore Live Chat An intuitive interface simplifies customer interactions with chatbot, ensuring they receive the right answer. Explore Chatbot Capture customers' attention with our chat widget. Engage effortlessly to make a strong first impression. Explore AI engage Generating new leads has never been easier. Gain perfect control over collecting new contacts. Explore Lead generation Customize your chat window to perfectly match your brand and captivate customers at first glance. Explore Widget customization Choose a right solution that fits your business Manage customer interactions and team performance. Discover features to streamline operations and boost satisfaction. All replies in one place Unify all messages into a single dashboard. Say goodbye to switching platforms. Start manage multichannel chats efficiently. Get key visitor insights and history View visitor conversation histories and their journey on your site. Have all relevant visitor information at your fingertips. Manage your teams of agents Organize your agent teams, assign roles, and keep track of their performance. Improve team efficiency from one dashboard. Collect & export leads Collect visitor information, including custom fields, through our widget. Export contacts to any application or CRM system. Message automation Let chatbot automate all interactions. Take advantage of advanced crafting tools and templates for beginners. based on 700+ reviews from & It's not just us saying it , our customers say it loudly It's not just us saying it, our customers have spoken loud and clear. Live chat is great, because I can communicate with customers in real time. Dominique C. Small-business Read more on G2 Crowd Smartsupp helps us with better customer outreach and online sales, which leads to higher conversion rate. Marketing Z. Small-business Read more on G2 Crowd The way this app is designed and scoped is absolutely awesome! It surpasses all competition in its efforts to satisfy every need and desire! Danny L. Entertainment Read more on Capterra E-commerce is easier now with a possibility to navigate clients to the products they are looking for. Sklep W. Small-business Read more on G2 Crowd Posunout doleva Posunout doprava Visit our Case Studies Works great on all major platforms Use our out-of-the-box integrations on e-commerce platforms and website builders 80+ other platform integrations See all platforms Get started for free Begin with our free plan. Upgrade as your site grows. Get started — it's free No credit card required Join 9,000+ customers now Product Mira AI – AI shopping assistant Live chat Chatbot Lead Generation Pricing Solutions LeadGen for B2B LeadGen for e-commerce For customer care For e-commerce Resources Blog Case studies Product Updates Help Developer Docs Report scam Affiliate Integrations Live chat for PrestaShop Live chat for WordPress Live chat for Shopify Live chat for ePages Live chat for Shoptet Other platforms Mobile SDK Alternatives Smartsupp vs. Tidio Smartsupp vs. Zendesk Smartsupp vs. Tawk.to Smartsupp vs. Freshdesk Smartsupp vs. JivoChat Smartsupp vs. ManyChat Smartsupp vs. Crisp Smartsupp vs. Drift Smartsupp vs. LivePerson Company About us Join our team © 2013 - 2025 Smartsupp.com Data privacy & GDPR Terms of Service Cookies Privacy Policy Member of ABUGO Group | Smartsupp | Shopsys | Survio | Reservio