Skip to Main Content
Skip to content

Samsung and Cookies

Samsung Electronics, and its partners, use cookies, web beacons, pixels and similar technologies through which we and certain third parties (such as our advertising and analytics partners) may collect, record, use and share information about your use of our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of cookies. To manage your cookie preferences, see Cookie Preference Settings. For more information, see our Privacy Policy.

close
Choose your location and language.
USA
Continue
Close
Accessible Menu - Main Menu
Shop
Shop
Mobile
Mobile
TV & AV
TV & AV
Appliances
Appliances
Computers & Monitors
Computers & Monitors
Wearables
Wearables
Audio
Audio
Accessories
Accessories
Support
For Business
Search
Search
Cart
Sign in/Create Account
SmartThings
Overview
Get Ideas
App
Shop now

Explore
App Download
Accessible Carousel
Stop automatic slide show
Your home saves energy

AI Energy Mode helps control your home’s energy use, optimizing devices to save power and lower your bills.

Learn more
SmartThings
meets AI Home

Learn more
- SmartThingsmeets AI Home
Your home saves energy

AI Energy Mode helps control your home’s energy use, optimizing devices to save power and lower your bills.

Learn more
- Your home saves energy
SmartThings
meets AI Home

Learn more
Previous
Next
stop
 
AI Home
 
Your home saves energy
What is SmartThings
 
Latest updates
 
Inspiring ideas
 
Features
 
Compatible devices
A new way to enjoy your home


With SmartThings, you can create an AI-powered home that makes life more comfortable for you and looks after your loved ones.


 
Easy
Make your home life easier

 
Save
Save time and energy

 
Care
Care for your loved ones

 
Secure

Keep your data secure

Shop SmartThings

One app. Many brands. Simplify your life and expand your AI home. Available now on Samsung.com.

Shop now
- Shop SmartThings
 
Your Home Speaks You

Learn how you can create an AI Home powered by SmartThings and Galaxy AI.

Play video
Play video
Play video
Play video
Latest updates

See what's new on SmartThings.

Home Insight


Streamline your life with a bird's eye view summary of your home.1

Home Routine


Create new routines easily with devices you already have at home.

Device Control


Turn your phone into a remote for all your favorite devices.2

SmartThings 101

Connect your home seamlessly and become a SmartThings expert.

Watch now
- SmartThings 101
Inspiring ideas
The possibilities are endless. Here are some ideas of how to improve your life with SmartThings.
01
Manage energy usage with AI
Learn more
- Manage energy usage with AI
02
Care for your loved ones from afar
Learn more
- Care for your loved ones from afar
03
Tag and track your pet
Learn more
- Tag and track your pet
04
Set the perfect mood for sleep
Learn more
- Set the perfect mood for sleep
05
Power up your home office
Learn more
- Power up your home office
Get more from your products

Experience the full power of your products with SmartThings.

Mobile
TV & Monitor
Refrigerator
Washer & Dryer
Robot vacuum cleaner

Quick Remote

Control devices seamlessly

Now you can use your phone as a remote
to manage your home. 3,4,5

Smart View

Cast what you want

Mirror selected apps from your
Galaxy smartphone on your TV. 6

3D Map View

See your home at a glance

Monitor and control your home from your
Galaxy devices. 7

Download SmartThings app
 All SmartThings
More compatible than ever

Look for "Works with Samsung SmartThings" or "Matter" badges on supported devices.

 
Smart Home Hubs
The heartbeat of your smart home—connect, automate, and control everything.
Shop now
 
Smart Lighting
Transform your space with smart lighting. Control brightness, color, and mood.
Shop now
 
Sensors
Automate lights and appliances based on movement detection.
Shop now
 
Smart Plugs
Make any outlet smart. Manage devices, save energy, and stay connected.
Shop now
 
Cameras
Keep your home safe anytime, anywhere.
Shop now
 
Thermostats
Upgrade your comfort with smarter heating, cooling, and energy savings.
Shop now
 
Doorbells
Smart and secure. Always know who's at your door.
Shop now
Next
slide
Smart Home Hubs,Smart Lighting,Sensors,Smart Plugs
Smart Lighting,Sensors,Smart Plugs,Cameras
Sensors,Smart Plugs,Cameras,Thermostats
Smart Plugs,Cameras,Thermostats,Doorbells
Explore the SmartThings app
Learn more

*Image are simulated for illustrative purposes. The availability of technology, functions, features, and services may vary by country, service provider, network environment, or product, and may change without notice. SmartThings supported devices can be found at https://partners.smartthings.com/supported-devices.

*To use SmartThings, download the App from the Galaxy Store, Google Play Store, or Apple App Store. The supported OS specification, required storage space, and other usage environment for the SmartThings app can be found on the app download page in each app store. SmartThings has compatibility constraints, and the compatible environment may be updated periodically.

*The availability of technology, functions, features, and services may vary by country, service provider, network environment, or product, and may change without notice. 

*All devices must be connected to Wi-Fi or other wireless network, and registered with a single Samsung Account. 

*SmartThings features and specifications may vary depending on the product and region/country.

*Images and on-screen contents are simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual user interface (UI) may vary depending on software version, model, region and other factors.

*The maximum number of devices that can be connected to SmartThings is 300 per location. However, the maximum number of devices that can be connected may be limited depending on the user’s network environment. Up to 10 locations per account can be used, up to 20 rooms per location, and up to 20 members can be invited per account by the administrator who registered the location.

1Some features of Home Insight are currently available only in Korea and the USA.

2The devices supported in Device Control may change without notice and certain models may not be included.

3Available on Android and iOS devices, but Samsung Galaxy smartphones provide the best experience. This function may be supported in different ways on other smartphones.

4The only devices supported are certain models of TVs manufactured in 2020 or later and certain models of air conditioners, air purifiers, and robot vacuum cleaners manufactured in 2024 or later.

5The automatic activation time varies depending on the user environment.

6Smart View is only available on smart TVs that support Miracast, using the Galaxy smartphones and tablets. App Cast availability may vary depending on the device, application and country/region.

7Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.

8AI Energy Mode is applicable to 2023 TVs. The actual power reduction may vary by model and is based on internal testing. The SmartThings App, a Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. AI Energy Mode does not support Game, Intelligent, Art, Screen Mirroring, Ambient or Retail Mode. In environments where the surrounding light exceeds 80 lux, certain aspects of the AI energy-saving feature may not function, resulting in reduced energy savings. Energy saving rate may vary according to regions, models, sizes, viewing conditions or types of content.

9Samsung TVs (Q60 or above, released after 2022) include a built-in SmartThings Hub that supports Matter, Thread and Zigbee technologies.

10Available on Galaxy Watch 4 and later models when used with a Samsung TV launched in 2024. TV and watch devices must be signed in with the same Samsung account.

11Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or disease. The measurements are for your personal reference only.

12As of April 2024, AI Vision Inside can recognize 33 food items like fresh fruits and veggies. If the food is not recognizable, it may be listed as unknown item. AI Vision Inside cannot identify or list any food items in the fridge door bins or freezer. It recognizes food items based on deep learning models, which may be updated periodically to improve accuracy. 

13User may need to manually operate the list for accuracy.

14The test results are based on a comparison of the factory setting temperature when using AI Energy Mode and without using AI Energy Mode. Results may vary depending on the actual usage patterns and conditions.

15Available on Android and iOS devices. Refrigerator and mobile devices must be signed in with the same Samsung account. 

16Based on internal testing and verified by KATRI (Korea Apparel Testing Research Institute) with IEC 3kg on AI Wash & Dry cycle with AI Energy Mode ON. Results may vary depending on the actual usage patterns and conditions. 

17The user will be solely responsible for any consequence(s) that may result, including but not limited to any damage or harm caused by incorrect information provided by the user.

18Based on internal testing on the AR07D9181HZ3 model. The compressor’s indicated frequency is reduced by 27% using the compressor’s lowest output control, which is reduced from the existing 15rps to 12rps (may differ by model). The testing was conducted in Samsung’s 132m² residential environment laboratory at a temperature of 35°C/24°C (dry bulb/wet bulb, KS C 9306: air conditioner). Requires the use of the SmartThings App and a Samsung account. Actual savings may vary by usage patterns and environment. 

19Bixby is Samsung’s brand of Internet of Things (IoT) voice assistant. Bixby service availability may vary depending on country. Bixby recognizes selected languages and certain accents/dialects, including Korean, English (US/GB/IN), Spanish (MX/ES), German, French, Italian, and Portuguese (BR). The user interface may change and differ by device. The availability of Bixby features and content providers may vary depending on the country/carrier/language/device model/OS version. A Samsung account log-in and data network connection (Wi-Fi or data network) are required.

20This function may be affected by the GPS conditions.

21The availability of SmartThings Pet Care's monitoring feature may vary by region and is only supported on the Jet Bot Combo AI and Jet Bot AI+ model.

22Only dogs and cats can be recognized. The recognition capabilities may be limited by the posture or position of a pet. The ability to recognize your pet may vary depending on the type of animal and the living environment. It only recognizes a pet presence based on generic visual indicators, and cannot identify individual pets.

23This feature is only supported on robot vacuum cleaner models released in 2024 (VR7MD*******).

24The SmartThings Energy service needs to be downloaded and Optimal Charging must be activated in advance using this feature. The availability of this feature and the Optimal Charging Options may vary depending on the country.

25The SmartThings App is available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. Washer or dryer and mobile devices must be signed in with the same Samsung account.

26SmartThings Family Care serivce is currently available in Korea and the USA. Available on Android Galaxy devices.

⊗10 AM EST 6/24 9:59 AM EST 7/13, while supplies last, purchase a select monitors (“Eligible Monitors”) at Samsung.com ("Qualifying Purchase") and receive up to a $300 Samsung Credit per Eligible Monitor ("Gift"). Gift is an e Certificate code that will be sent via email within 35 days after Qualifying Purchase, expires on 10/30/25 and must be used at checkout only on Samsung.com or in the Shop Samsung app. Gift is a one time use; when first used, any value not used is lost. Gift is nontransferable. If you return or cancel your purchase, Gift is forfeited. Limit: One Gift per Qualifying Purchase up to four (4) Gifts per consumer . Eligible SKUs: LS32FM702UNXZA, LS32FM703UNXZA, LS43FM702UNXZA, LS43FM703UNXZA, LS32FM803UNXZA, LS32FM902SNXZA.

҂Valid through 7/13/25 while supplies last on purchase of eligible monitors on Samsung.com or in the Samsung Shop App (“Eligible Monitors”)--save 10% when buying 1 Launch Monitor and 1 Eligible Monitor in the same transaction. Limit of (2) Monitors discounted per transaction. Discount automatically reflected at checkout. Launch SKUs: LS32FM702UNXZA, LS32FM703UNXZA, LS43FM702UNXZA, LS43FM703UNXZA, LS32FM803UNXZA, LS32FM902SNXZA. Eligible SKUs: LS57CG952NNXZA,LS55BG970NNXGO,LS55CG970NNXGO,LS49CG954ENXZA,LS49DG934SNXGO,LS49DG956SNXGO,LS49CG954SNXZA,LS49DG910SNXZA,LS49FG910ENXZA,LS43CG702NNXZA,LS34BG850SNXZA,LS34DG856SNXZA,LC34G55TWWNXZA,LS32DG802SNXZA,LS32BG852NNXGO,LS32DG702ENXZA,LS32BG702ENXGO,LS32BG652ENXGO,LS32DG502ENXZA,LS28BG702ENXGO,LS27FG900XNXZA,LS27FG810SNXZA,LS27DG602SNXZA,LS27DG610SNXZA,LS37D800UANXZA,LS37D700EANXZA,LS34A650UBNXGO,LS34C650TANXGO,LS34C650UANXGO,LS34C650VANXGO,LS32D701EANXZA,LS32D708EBNXGO,LS32D700EBNXGO,LU32R590CWNXZA,LS32B806PXNXGO,LS32D804UANXGO,LS32D802EANXGO,LS27C900PANXZA,LS27D802UANXGO,LS27D802EANXGO,LS43DM702UNXGO,LS43DM703UNXZA,LS32DM702UNXGO,LS32DM703UNXZA,LS32CM703UNXZA,LS32CM801UNXZA,LS32DM801UNXZA,LS32CM80GUNXZA,LS32CM80PUNXZA,LS27CM701UNXZA,LS27CM801UNXZA,LS27CM80GUNXZA,LS27CM80PUNXZA.

Home
 
SmartThings

Footer Navigation

SHOP

Shop Home
Buy Direct Get More
Discover AI
SmartThings
Samsung Rewards
Student & Workplace Offers
Samsung Care+
Samsung Experience Stores
Samsung Trade-in
Apps & Services
Certified Re-Newed
U.S. Sustainability
For Business
Samsung Authorized Reseller Program
Explore

PRODUCT

Galaxy Smartphone
Galaxy Tab
Galaxy Book
Galaxy Watch
Galaxy Buds
TVs
Projectors
Sound Devices
Refrigerators
Dishwashers
Laundry
Vacuum Cleaners
Monitors
Memory & Storage
Accessories

SUPPORT

Support Home
Manual & Software
Warranty Information
Service Center
Request a Repair
Track Repair
Order Help 
Returns 
Contact Us
Chat
Samsung Community 
Slide-in Electric Range Recall
How to Recycle 

ACCOUNT

Why Samsung Account
Samsung Rewards
Orders
My Page
Product Registration
Samsung Account FAQ

SUSTAINABILITY

Overview
Environment
Digital Responsibility
Security and Privacy
Accessibility
Labor & Human Rights
Belonging & Culture
Sustainable Supply Chain
Corporate Citizenship 
Corporate Sustainability 

ABOUT US

Leadership & Mission
Our Business
Brand Identity
Careers
Investor Relations 
Newsroom 
Ethics
Samsung Design 

Copyright© 1995-2025 SAMSUNG. All Rights Reserved.

	
USA/ENGLISH
Privacy
 
Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information
 
Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement
 
Legal
 
Accessibility Help
 
Sitemap
STAY IN THE LOOP?	
 
 
 