Home - SmartTab Book A Demo Mountain Winery | Saratoga Harper & Rye | San Francisco Pacific Cocktail Haven | San Francisco Las Perlas | Los Angeles El Rancho | Durango August Hall | San Francisco Audio | San Francisco Peppermint Hippo | Las Vegas Bar Jackalope | Los Angeles Half Step | Austin Arts District Brewing Co. | Los Angeles Hawthorne | Washington DC Stay Put Brewery | Austin Great Northern | San Francisco Pacific Cocktail Haven | San Francisco Bar Jackalope | Los Angeles Peppermint Hippo | Las Vegas Mountain Winery | Saratoga August Hall | San Francisco El Rancho | Durango Half Step | Austin Harper & Rye | San Francisco Great Northern | San Francisco Stay Put Brewery | Austin Audio | San Francisco Prizefighter | Oakland Las Perlas | Los Angeles Arts District Brewing Co. | Los Angeles We Serve Bars All it takes is one busy shift with SmartTab and your staff will be singing our praise More Nightclubs Do your guests sign agreements for bottle service...Ours Do More Gentleman's Clubs ID Based Payment Profiles so you know who to let in and how much they spend + Chargeback Data Files for loss prevention More Restaurants Custom Table Maps, Seating & Coursing  Fresh KDS More Where you can find our SmartTab offices Connect With Us Online or In Person San Francisco Las Vegas Los Angeles Phoenix Washington DC Denver Austin Seattle 0% Financing We don't take money until you make money. Help When You Need It We're here to help you make the money machine work. We are awesome and stay open all the time. Cancel Anytime We deliver top-tier products and exceptional service. No long-term contracts. No hidden fees. Ever. See pricing See pricing See pricing Why Choose SmartTab What We Do Go-Live Stability We increase top line revenue for bar owners. Our team is composed of former Bartenders, Servers, GMs, and Owners building modern solutions that deliver results. We’re a group of service industry veterans offering a solution you can’t find elsewhere. The most value a POS provider can offer you is the support leading up to and on your Go-Live date. A lot comes up on that first and second day of operation and you want someone there who is an expert, someone who can give you not only their advice but correct mistakes before they become problems. We are there, learning your business and building a relationship with you and it’s that relationship that creates the foundation for the successful support you are going to receive during the lifetime of your operation. SmartTab is a hybrid cloud solution. We operate on both a local level and the cloud in real-time. Your back office is in the cloud so you can access your business anywhere you have internet. Onsite the cloud communicates with a local server that’s present at a venue running all the heavy and intense system processes locally. That means if you have 2 or 25 stations there is no noticeable difference in performance. This is what makes SmartTab the fastest and most reliable solution on the market. Why Choose SmartTab POS What We Do Go-Live Stability We increase top line revenue for bar owners. Our team is composed of former Bartenders, Servers, GMs, and Owners building modern solutions that deliver results. We’re a group of service industry veterans offering a solution you can’t find elsewhere. The most value a POS provider can offer you is the support leading up to and on your Go-Live date. A lot comes up on that first and second day of operation and you want someone there who is an expert, someone who can give you not only their advice but correct mistakes before they become problems. We are there, learning your business and building a relationship with you and it’s that relationship that creates the foundation for the successful support you are going to receive during the lifetime of your operation. SmartTab is a hybrid cloud solution. We operate on both a local level and the cloud in real-time. Your back office is in the cloud so you can access your business anywhere you have internet. Onsite the cloud communicates with a local server that’s present at a venue running all the heavy and intense system processes locally. That means if you have 2 or 25 stations there is no noticeable difference in performance. This is what makes SmartTab the fastest and most reliable solution on the market. Built For Bars For industry by industry LEast CLICKS = FASTER SERVICE Search, filter, find - any tab or menu item in a fraction of a second. Chip | Swipe | Tap | Apple Pay Chip or swipe to start a tab within a fraction of a second. Tap to Pay & Apple Pay on mobility. Real time Everything Reporting, menu adjustments, pricing updates, add staff - instantly from any device. Offline Operation Offline mode allows staff to easily capture payment and process when you're back online. ONE CLICK Tab SEARCH Search, filter, find - any tab or menu item in a fraction of a second. pressure baseD touch screen Stationary units respond to every type of touch. Fingernails, wet hands, credit card...it works when you need it. Employee Tracking Bio-metric fingerprint limits access to key functions within the POS  and records every click your staff makes. Auto clock out Staff forgetting to clock out benefits your business not your staff, saving you on labor. Recipes & Prep Notes Printable recipes with build direction ensures consistency in  training and product delivery. Enterprise mode Global management, reporting, and analytics for multi-location operators. Unified VIP/86'd list SmartTab creates a complete - lifetime view of the person entering your establishment. Explore All Features Built For Bars High Volume | High Velocity Features LEast CLICKS = FASTER SERVICE Search, filter, find - any tab or menu item in a fraction of a second. Chip | Swipe | tap | Apple Pay Chip or swipe to start a tab within a fraction of a second. Tap & Apple Pay on mobility. Real time everything Reporting, menu adjustments, pricing updates, add staff - instantly from any device. Offline operation Offline mode allows staff to easily capture payment and process when you're back online. ONE CLICK Tab SEARCH Search, filter, find - any tab or menu item in a fraction of a second. pressure based touch screen Stationary units respond to every type of touch. Employee tracking Bio-metric fingerprint limits access to key functions within the POS  and records every click your staff makes. Auto clock out Staff forgetting to clock out benefits your business not your staff, saving you on labor. recipes & Prep Notes Printable recipes and build notes Consistency in  training and delivery. Enterprise mode Global management and global reporting for multi-location operators. Unified Guest Status list SmartTab creates a complete - lifetime view of the person entering your establishment. Explore All Features Enhance Your VIP Service Identity Based Profiles 1 Scan ID to Verify C ustomer Identity 2 Link C ustomer Identity to P ayment Profile 3 Capture a Complete - Lifetime View of Your Guests All of your data in one Receipt customer profile Legal Name Mobile Phone Number Email Address Spend History Guest Status - VIP / 86'd Data file ID Image Display & Verification Customer Image Capture On Signed Agreement Tip Entry & Signature Product Receipt Evidence transaction detail Product Sale Date & Time Stamped Two-Factor Authentication Payment Authentication SMS Receipt Verification Enhance Your VIP Service Identity Based Profiles 1 Scan ID to Verify C ustomer Identity 2 Link C ustomer Identity to P ayment Profile 3 Capture a Complete - Lifetime View of Your Guests All of your data in one Receipt customer profile Legal Name Mobile Phone Number Email Address Spend History Guest Status - VIP / 86'd Data file ID Image Display & Verification Customer Image Capture On Signed Agreement Tip Entry & Signature Product Receipt Evidence transaction detail Product Sale Date & Time Stamped Two-Factor Authentication Payment Authentication SMS Receipt Verification Enhance Your VIP Service Identity Based Profiles 1 Scan ID to Verify C ustomer Identity 2 Link C ustomer Identity to P ayment Profile 3 Capture a Complete - Lifetime View of Your Guests All of your data in one Receipt customer profile Legal Name Mobile Phone Number Email Address Spend History Guest Status - VIP / 86'd Data file ID Image Display & Verification Customer Image Capture On Signed Agreement Tip Entry & Signature Product Receipt Evidence transaction detail Product Sale Date & Time Stamped Two-Factor Authentication Payment Authentication SMS Receipt Verification Chargeback Loss Protection Customer Profile Detail ID Image Display & Verification Signed Agreements Two-Factor Authentication Customer Chargeback Status Chargeback Loss Protection Customer Profile Detail ID Image Display & Verification Signed Agreements Two-Factor Authentication Customer Chargeback Status Chargeback Loss Protection Actionable Reporting Across All Devices Filter Revenue By Time, Date, Venue and Staff Easily Compare Period Data Time Stamped Void History and Comp Data By Staff Member Demand Analysis Shows Products That Drive Revenue and Those That Don't 99% Accurate AI Based Sales Projections 6 months from Go-Live Actionable Reporting Across All Devices Filter Revenue By Time, Date, Venue and Staff Easily Compare Period Data Time Stamped Void History and Comp Data By Staff Member Demand Analysis Shows Products That Drive Revenue 99% Accurate AI Based Sales Projections 6 months from Go-Live Ask Around SmartTab is a blessing. My only regret was not switching over sooner. Justin Vitek Bartender at Hills & Dales I’ve been a bartender and manager for 18 years and this is the easiest and best POS system ever!! It blew my mind!! This is the future!! Linda Biamonte Manager at Millennium Fandom Bar “SmartTab was a game changer for our business. The fully integrated system helped boost our productivity and allowed us to capture more sales resulting in increased revenue and tips for our staff. The only thing I regret is not making the switch sooner. Phil Chen Owner at Alchemist Been using SmartTab for about 6 months now and I haven’t looked back. Previously I have used primarily Aloha, and this is definitely a step up. Super intuitive software and easy to use. Can change things on the fly without having to restart the whole system. Best experience I have had with a POS system.” Connor Taylor Owner at Spirtual Parlor We’ve been using SmartTab for about 2 years now and I’m extremely satisfied. I’ve worked with several members of the team. They are very easy to communicate with and very responsive. I’m a bartender by trade and after 20 years of bartending and 6 years owning my own bar this is hands down one of the best POS I’ve ever used Gabriel Cressy Owner at The Phoenix Lounge SmartTab is a blessing. My only regret was not switching over sooner. Tyler Kizzar Bartender at Millennium Fandom Bar hardware Stationary The Revenue Center Learn More Tablet Stability Stand Learn More Handheld Table Service Ready Learn More Customer App Contactless Order & Pay Learn More KDS Upgrade Your Expo Learn More hardware Stationary The Revenue Center Learn More Tablet Stability Stand Learn More Handheld Table Service Ready Learn More Customer App Contactless Order & Pay Learn More KDS Upgrade Your Expo Learn More hardware Stationary The Revenue Center Learn More Tablet Stability Stand Learn More Handheld Table Service Ready Learn More Customer App Contactless Order & Pay Learn More KDS Upgrade Your Expo Learn More Software Pricing No gotchas. No unfair surprises. No hidden fees. Month to Month No Risk 60 Day Money Back Go-Live Support $150 /mo *base monthly fee 1st Station Single station deals are the best! Upgrade you business today. Get Started White Glove Onboarding Go-Live Support 24/7/365 Ongoing Remote Support All Features + Updates Included $50 /mo *per additional station Stations 2 - 6 Your current POS is restricting you and we can help. Let's Chat White Glove Onboarding Go-Live Support 24/7/365 Ongoing Remote Support All Features + Updates Included $25 /mo *per additional station 7 + Stations If you are in the business of making money, we should talk. Get A Quote Go-Live Support White Glove Onboarding 24/7/365 Ongoing Remote Support All Features + Updates Included Pricing No gotchas. No unfair surprises. No hidden fees. Month to Month 60 Day Money Back Go-Live Support $150 /mo *base monthly fee 1st Station Single station deals are the best! Upgrade your business. Get Started White Glove Onboarding 24/7/365 Ongoing Support All Features + Updates Included $50 /mo *per addition station Stations 2 - 6 Your current POS is restricting you and we can help. Book A Demo White Glove Onboarding 24/7/365 Ongoing Support All Features + Updates Included $25 /mo *per addition station 7 + Stations If you are in the business of making money, we should talk. Get A Quote White Glove Onboarding 24/7/365 Ongoing Support All Features + Updates Included Pricing No gotchas. No unfair surprises. No hidden fees. Month to Month 60 Day Money Back Go-Live Support $150 /mo *base monthly fee 1st Station Single station deals are the best! Upgrade your business today. Get Started White Glove Onboarding + Go Live Support 24/7/365 Ongoing Remote Support All Features + Updates Included $50 /mo *per addition station Stations 2 - 6 Your current Point of Sale is restricting you and we can help. Book A Demo White Glove Onboarding + Go Live Support 24/7/365 Ongoing Remote Support All Features + Updates Included $25 /mo *per addition station 7 + Stations If you are in the business of making money, we should talk. Get A Quote White Glove Onboarding 24/7/365 Ongoing Remote Support All Features + Updates Included Where you can find our SmartTab offices Connect With Us In Person San Francisco Las Vegas Los Angeles Phoenix Washington DC Denver Austin Seattle POWERED BY SMARTTAB Home Book A Demo Privacy Policy Home Book A Demo Privacy Policy Support