SmartDeploy | Modern Desktop Management & Imaging Software Skip to content Product Use cases Resources Pricing Book a demo Download trial Log in Product FEATURES Streamline your endpoint management Overview Platform Pack library Application Pack library Comparisons PRODUCT INFO A peek behind the curtain Security overview Product status Release notes Product roadmap Use cases BY INDUSTRY Scalable solutions for every sector Education Government Healthcare Finance Non-profit Construction BY JOB TO BE DONE So many jobs to do, so little time Computer imaging Remote computer imaging Software and application deployment Desktop management Remote desktop management Windows migration Resources LEARN Insights to get the most out of SmartDeploy Windows 10 end of life hub Blog Knowledge Base Product guide Case studies Webinars ENGAGE Connect with other sysadmins like you Contact support Discord community Contact sales Pricing FEATURES Streamline your endpoint management Overview Platform Pack library Application Pack library Comparisons PRODUCT INFO A peek behind the curtain Security overview Product status Release notes Product roadmap Learn more See what features and enhancements are on the SmartDeploy roadmap BY INDUSTRY Scalable solutions for every sector Education Government Healthcare Finance Non-profit Construction BY JOB TO BE DONE So many jobs to do, so little time Computer imaging Remote computer imaging Software and application deployment Desktop management Remote desktop management Windows migration Case study How WWU streamlines computer imaging for 100+ devices LEARN Insights to get the most out of SmartDeploy Windows 10 end of life hub Blog Knowledge Base Product guide Case studies Webinars ENGAGE Connect with other sysadmins like you Contact support Discord community Contact sales State of Sysadmin report Read our 2025 State of Sysadmin Administration report Device imaging reimagined . Simplified PC provisioning and Windows device management for modern, distributed workforces. Download free trial Book a demo Set up and deploy in an afternoon We make the imaging process simple, secure, and pretty damn quick. Build and maintain a single golden image Our unique layered approach separates drivers, operating systems, applications, and user data to streamline device provisioning. Download trial Achieve hardware independence We handle driver management for you with our library of over 1,500 prebuilt Platform Packs that cover all major makes and models. Download trial Keep machines patched, happy, and secure Automatically scan endpoints so you can install, patch, and remove software. Use our prebuilt Application Packs or easily create your own. Download trial Utilize flexible deployment methods Deliver images , software, and patches to users regardless of how they’re connected. Utilize servers, USBs, and cloud storage providers. Download trial One platform, endless use cases SmartDeploy is your one-stop shop for PC lifecycle management. Download trial Computer imaging Build and maintain a single Windows golden image , regardless of PC make or model PC refreshes Keep all your users' files and settings consistent while rolling out new hardware Application management Deploy, update, and patch applications zero-touch to any endpoint Windows updates Push periodic updates or centrally manage entire migrations for local and remote PCs Device setup Seamlessly roll out images, drivers, and applications to entirely new devices PC break-fixes Reimage the operating system layer without affecting applications or user data Meet some of our customers Learn how businesses from startups to global leaders use SmartDeploy to streamline their endpoint management. Download trial “Reimaging a lab of 56 computers took four to five hours with Configuration Manager. With SmartDeploy, it took about an hour.” MITCH MECHAN Systems Administrator, Utah Valley University Read UVU's story “We had a two-week period to get everyone working from home. That’s more than 600 users within two weeks that we got working from home by leveraging SmartDeploy.” RICHARD HUNT Senior IT Officer, The City of Lincoln Council Read City of Lincoln's story I’ve been able to use the same image on disparate hardware with zero problems; Dell Precision T3600 and M6300, XPS 12 and 15, HP Pro 3000. SmartDeploy paid for itself many times over. BRIAN MCMILLIAN BKM Total Office of Texas For IT pros, by IT pros We understand the challenges IT teams face because we’ve lived through them. Our US-based support team is always happy to help — and we’ve curated resources to ensure you get the answers you need. Blog Videos Getting started guide Knowledge base The new industry standard SmartDeploy is an award-winning solution with a proven track record helping IT teams become more effective and efficient. We think the results speak for themselves. 3 million+ machines deployed 13 years in business 3,200+ global customers 4.8 stars on G2 and Capterra Ready to get started? See how easy device management can be. Try SmartDeploy free for 15 days — no credit card required. Download free trial Book a demo Call us: 888-7DEPLOY | Toll free: 888-733-7569 sales@smartdeploy.com © 2025 SmartDeploy - All Rights Reserved PDQ products SmartDeploy PDQ Connect PDQ Deploy & Inventory PDQ Detect SimpleMDM Resources Blog Knowledge base Solutions Product guide Contact sales Company About Careers EULA Terms and privacy Cookie Settings