Smarsh: Digital Communications Governance and Archiving Platform The Smarsh Platform Capture IM & Collaboration Email Mobile Social Web Voice All Supported Channels Surveillance Archive Discovery Services Solutions Customer Small & Mid-Sized Firms Capture and Archive Cyber Compliance Web Archive Enterprise Partners Industry Financial Services Wealth Management Broker-Dealers RIAs Banking Public Sector Federal Government State and Local Entities Use Case Financial Misconduct Records Management Non-Financial Misconduct Resources All Resources Support Events About Company Leadership Careers Contact Sales Watch it Work Toggle navigation Watch it Work Login Smarsh Central Connected Archive Professional Archive Call Recording and Analytics Vendor Risk Management Business Solutions Admin Portal Outlook Webmail Email Encryption Portal Login Smarsh Central Connected Archive Professional Archive Call Recording and Analytics Vendor Risk Management Business Solutions Admin Portal Outlook Webmail Email Encryption Portal Platform The Smarsh Platform – One intelligent platform to manage communications risk, drive insight, and ensure compliance at scale. Capture – Securely capture all communications to meet compliance, reduce risk, and unlock AI insights. IM & Collaboration Email Mobile Social Web Voice All Supported Channels Archive – Preserve, enrich and analyze communications data at scale with the cloud-native Smarsh Archive. Surveillance – Get AI insights to streamline communications surveillance and make smarter, faster business decisions. Discovery – Simplify investigations with intelligent discovery built for compliance, clarity, and audit-readiness. Services – Expert compliance services to accelerate ROI, reduce risk, and scale securely with confidence. Contact Sales See a Demo Solutions Customer Small & Mid-Sized Firms – Simplify compliance with intelligent, purpose built, AI powered solutions for growing financial firms. Capture and Archive Cyber Compliance Web Archive Enterprise – Manage complex, high-volume communications data with AI-powered compliance and intelligence for enterprises. Partners – Join the Smarsh Partner Program now or sign in to your account on the partner portal. Industry Financial Services – Compliance, AI governance, and risk intelligence solutions tailored for modern financial services firms. Wealth Management Broker-Dealers RIAs Banking Public Sector – Securely manage public records and meet FOIA compliance across all communication channels. Federal Government State and Local Entities Use Case Financial Misconduct – Detect insider trading, manipulation, and other misconduct sooner with regulatory-grade AI across your firm. Non-Financial Misconduct – Stay ahead of conduct risks with AI that filters noise and reveals behavioral indicators across channels. Records Management – Modernize records management with unified capture, preservation, and search to streamline FOIA responses. Contact Sales See a Demo Resources All Resources – Resources and actionable compliance insights to help you stay ahead of risks and regulations. Support – Achieve smarter, faster compliance outcomes with guidance and services that grow with you. Events – Turn insight into action through expert-led events built to elevate your compliance outcomes. Contact Sales See a Demo About Company – Explore our mission to transform your communications data into intelligence you can act on. Leadership – Meet the leaders shaping the future of AI-driven communications compliance and governance. Careers – Learn how our employee experience fuels customer trust, innovation, and long-term success. Contact Sales See a Demo Smarsh Named a Leader in 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Communications Governance and Archiving Learn more Protect Your Tomorrow With Today’s Technology It’s time for trusted AI compliance technology that secures your communications data, meets regulatory requirements, and provides the insights you need to stay ahead. Your tomorrow, secured by AI. Talk to an expert Smarsh Platform Unified, intelligent and secure Technology for communications data compliance and intelligence, trusted by thousands of companies worldwide. Learn More Surface the risks and opportunities your communications data holds With Smarsh AI, uncover insights, identify opportunities, assess threats, and turn your data into your competitive advantage. Always-on compliance Capture and analyze your communications data with AI to meet regulatory requirements effortlessly, prepare for audits, and conduct internal investigations more efficiently. Mitigate risk with AI Review every business communication quickly and efficiently. Identify and mitigate business risks like insider trading, market manipulation, and conflicts of interest before they escalate. Expedited legal discovery Streamline your workflows to reduce the time, cost and risk of investigations and litigations for faster case management and quicker resolution. Smarter search, faster decisions Quickly find what you need, when you need it across all your communications types, helping you make smarter, faster decisions. AI for your workforce Gain proactive intelligence that alerts your leadership to employee sentiment, harassment or other non-financial misconduct. Build stronger teams as you protect your workforce. Reliable data protection Industry-leading encryption both in transit and at rest, meeting the most stringent global security and compliance regulations. The compliance you need, the intelligence you want Capture Archive Surveillance Discovery Capture Capture it all Seamlessly ingest and unify all your communications data — including mobile, voice, email, AI, video, chat, and more — in their native formats. Purpose-built to handle almost limitless data volumes. Explore Capture Archive Future-proof your communications archive Preserve your unstructured communications data, internal or enriched with third-party data sources, with compliant, cloud-native, scalable storage. Fully contextualized, indexed and enriched — with AI for deeper insights. Explore Archive Surveillance Surveillance at the speed of communications Use AI agents to uncover risks and gain real-time communication data insights. Analyze context, sentiment and behavior to detect potential risks before they escalate. Protect your business with automated alerts, streamline compliance and investigations, and safeguard your reputation. Explore Surveillance Discovery Faster discovery, simplified Leverage AI to streamline workflows and quickly identify, preserve, review, and export flagged communications data — enabling precise, proactive, and simplified investigation and discovery. Explore Discovery Your vision, our expert support services Maximize your platform investment with our top-rated, certified support services team. From integration to implementation to launch and beyond, we partner with you to accelerate your business goals and stay confidently compliant. Explore Our Services Realize the full power of Smarsh Award-winning communications compliance leader, Smarsh is first in cloud and AI , setting the pace for innovation. A 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader for digital communications governance and archiving solutions. Trusted by 18 out of 20 of the largest financial institutions worldwide to lead through innovation . The leading compliance technology platform trusted by over 6,500 customers globally. Scalable technology, sized to fit Whatever your industry, scale or ambition, we’ll help you configure the ideal solution. Audience Small & Mid-Sized Firms Public Sector Enterprise Partnerships Small & Mid-Sized Firms Simple, efficient peace of mind Asset managers, trust companies, and bustling broker-dealers all build long-term success from the ground up with Smarsh compliance and risk management. Simplify Compliance Public Sector Achieve your public sector missions with Smarsh Stay mission-focused with secure, compliant communications. Top-tier support for FOIA requests and other critical public sector demands. Secure your communications Enterprise Tackle complex risk and compliance challenges easily An all-in-one, market-leading AI platform that’s scalable. Innovate with Smarsh Partnerships Partnerships you can build on No matter what your goals are, we have a broad range of partner models and deep expertise to maximize your portfolio potential. Take your business further CONNECT WITH US + 1 866 SMARSH 1 +44 (0) 20 3608 1209 FOLLOW US SOLUTIONS BY ISSUE Archiving Communications Compliance Data Migration and Consolidation Information Governance Legal and Discovery Mobile Compliance Public Records Management Security and Risk Supervision and Review Vendor Risk Management SOLUTIONS BY ROLE Compliance Teams IT Professionals Legal Professionals Finance & Operations Records Management Marketing SOLUTIONS BY REGULATION Data Privacy Recordkeeping Storage Supervision COMPANY About Us Leadership Press Releases Trust Patents Careers Contact Smarsh SUPPORT Smarsh Central Community Services Training LEGAL Legal Documents Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Anti-Slavery & Human Trafficking Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Vulnerability Disclosure Program © 2026 Smarsh Inc. All rights reserved. Contact Us Tell us about yourself, and we’ll be in touch right away. icon-angle icon-bars icon-times Close this module Watch it Work Contact Us +1 866 762 7741