Interactive displays and collaboration software | SMART Technologies Education Business Government Support English (USA) Book a demo About SMART SMART Technologies About SMART Meet the leadership team SMART & N50 Sustainability Longevity with SMART Privacy and security Careers Connect with SMART Channel partners Become a Channel Partner Partner Portal Industries Education solutions Discover learning solutions that supercharge student engagement. Explore SMART for education Business solutions Our workplace technology encourages everyone to share ideas. Explore SMART for business Government solutions SMART's government technology offers the highest levels of security for teams. Explore SMART for government Products Displays for education RX series T Pro series MX series GX Plus series GX series GX Zero series SMART Board Mini NX series Interactive whiteboard Displays for business QX Pro series T Pro series MX Pro series GX series GX Zero series SMART Board Mini NX series Displays for government M Pro High secure series TAA M Pro series TAA SMART Board Mini Software for interactive displays SMART Notebook® SMART OneLaunch SMART Meeting Pro SMART Remote Management SMART TeamWorks SMART Control - Alerts Software for student devices Lumio® Resources Education resources Blog Customer stories All resources Upcoming education events Business resources Blog Customer stories All resources Upcoming business events Government resources Upcoming government events Support Product support Tech updates Knowledge base Product warranty Recalls Product recycling Contact support News Award-winning technology that connects Inspire collaboration and engagement with technology that connects people and ideas. Our interactive displays and dynamic software help connect your most valuable resource - your people. Explore SMART solutions We’re different from the rest. Learn how choosing SMART gives you the best in interactive technology and so much more. Learn more Find what you're looking for Explore our award-winning interactive technology, intentionally designed to meet your needs. Education Business Government Lumio Education solutions Connected learning Our industry-leading classroom technology changes how students and teachers engage and encourages truly collaborative learning. Discover learning solutions that supercharge student engagement, like our cutting-edge interactive displays and educational software. Experience the only display that lets multiple students interact at the same time without interfering with each other’s work. Explore SMART for Education Book a demo Business solutions Connected meetings With SMART, team collaboration becomes more dynamic and energized than ever. Our workplace technology encourages everyone to share ideas, whether in the conference room or joining a meeting remotely. Our interactive displays and business software solutions empower high-performance teams and encourage dynamic problem-solving. Experience the modern meeting room with SMART. Explore SMART for Business Book a demo Government solutions Connected teams SMART’s government technology offers the highest levels of security for teams to quickly and effectively respond to emerging situations with confidence. TAA-compliant and GSA-compliant, our govtech offerings keep confidential information safe while enabling important collaboration between global teams. Explore SMART for Government Book a demo Lumio learning software Light up learning with Lumio Our award-winning student software gives teachers the tools to engage every single student in hands-on learning from any device. Packed with ready-to-use formative assessments, graphic organizers, and more, this is learning software that teachers and students love. Explore Lumio View plan options "It's the support from SMART. You guys are one of the best vendors that we have when it comes to support. We can always count on you to be there for us. Easy to work with. You keep us informed on a regular basis. The information available to us online even is incredible. I mean, we don't have a vendor that even comes close with that level of support your library support is just whether it's your people or whether it's your lot online information. Bar none the best of all our vendors." Lawrence Glynn President, C-IT, Jefferson County Schools A partner in your success It’s true, we make products that take your collaboration and engagement to the next level. But we’re more than a stellar product. When you choose SMART, you get a partner committed to your success. Here’s how. Why SMART? Committed to your outcomes Your success is our end goal. We design products that encourage deeper engagement, interactivity, and collaboration. And we offer robust training and adoption support so that you get the most out of your products from day one and beyond. Gain a partner, not just a product Our customers say it over and over again: there's no support like SMART support. Our partnership with our customers is our highest priority, and it shows through every step of the purchasing, adoption, training, and use journey. We're with you all the way to ensure you experience the full value of your SMART interactive displays and collaboration software. Quality that goes the distance Our quality standards truly separate us from the pack. SMART’s upgrade and durability promise means that your interactive displays remain useful, relevant, and sustainable throughout their (very long) lifecycle. Industry-leading security and privacy guarantee peace of mind when it comes to sensitive or personal information. Trusted by leaders, innovators, and educators around the world. Here are some of the businesses, schools, districts, and governments that choose SMART year after year to fuel dynamic collaboration. #WeAreSMART #ConnectionsThatMatter For Channel Partners worldwide A trusted partner every step of the way When you choose to sell SMART products, you’re backed by a highly-rated brand, world-class support and education expertise. Ready to learn more? Discover the benefits of being a SMART Partner Already a SMART Partner? Login to your Partner Portal Choose your SMART. Explore the products, opportunities, and one-of-a-kind features that make SMART the industry-leading choice for collaborative technology. Choose your path and start tailoring a SMART lineup to meet your team’s needs. Explore SMART solutions Home Education Business Government Connect with SMART Legal Privacy and cookies iQ4 Privacy Policy Compliance