AdTech Solutions for Programmatic Advertising Company - Attekmi Solutions Services Technologies Case Studies Resources Company Contact Us Monetize Efficiently With Your Trusted AdTech Partner Striving to deliver value! Book a Demo Our Ad Exchange Products Whether you are looking for an ad exchange solution for rookies or a fully customizable programmatic platform for aces, we got you covered. AdEx Basic An entry-level do-it-yourself ad exchange platform for businesses only joining the AdTech industry and requiring a basic minimum of functionalities – start earning straight away! Explore AdEx Plus An advanced ad exchange solution with additional features for companies looking for extra media trading opportunities and capabilities – conquer the AdTech industry in a more convenient way! Explore AdEx Enterprise An ultimately scalable ad exchange platform providing access to a full range of features, including extended settings and new functionalities – grow your business across different regions and benefit from unlimited opportunities. Explore White Label AdEx A fully customized ad exchange: from UI personalization to custom on-request feature development. Everything is tailored to your needs – earn on media trading under your own brand. Explore Discover Our AdTech Services Our services go beyond professional customer support. Share your requirements with us, and we will be happy to help you with any AdTech matter. Custom AdTech Development Got an idea of a product that will revolutionize digital marketing? Entrust its development to us - we are ready to build custom Adtech solutions for you. Learn More Outstaffing Digital Ad Operations Keep focusing on things that matter most and let the Attekmi team pick the best AdTech talent for you to enhance your core team. Learn More Ongoing Support and Service Our experienced team will guide you all the way through, just get in touch with us to get professional assistance. Learn More AdTech & Ad Ops Team Training Need to improve your Ad Ops team's skills? We are ready to share our experience with you. Learn More Why Choose Attekmi as Your AdTech Partner Still wondering if we can help you reach your goals? Here are six facts about Attekmi describing our exceptional approach and proving that our team is worth your trust. Growing Together With You When your business grows and workload in your marketplace requires bigger capacities, we scale your programmatic AdTech platform for you. Making Steps to Help You Succeed Our friendly and professional Account Management team supports you throughout your entire business journey: daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly. Keeping a Finger On The Pulse We are more than just a support team. We work proactively and reach out regularly to monitor your business and ensure that it thrives. Understanding Your Deep Needs Our team guides each client individually developing unique strategies and tactics that lead to business success. Doing More Than You Expect We keep in touch with you constantly to provide essential consultations and valuable business development advice. Providing Comprehensive Onboarding Thanks to our comprehensive onboarding and education our clients succeed with their ad exchange platform even if it is a new business for them. Ready to Get Started? Simply complete the form and we'll get in touch shortly Start Now Frequently Asked Questions What is Attekmi? Everything started with SmartHub, an ad exchange solution that revolutionized the AdTech industry. To keep up pace with the market and meet the needs of a wider audience, we extended our offer and decided to rebrand to mark this stage of our growth. This is how Attekmi, a brand offering multiple AdTech products and services, entered the stage. What kind of businesses can benefit from Attekmi products and services? Our ad exchange solutions are mainly in demand among media agencies, ad networks, and AdTech & media startups that are willing to start earning on media trading quickly. Additionally, any business operating in the AdTech industry (or going to do so) can benefit from our custom development and AdOps training services. Is it secure to use Attekmi products? Ad fraud has always been a problem for all the participants of the AdTech industry. That is why we provide you with an opportunity to integrate demand and supply scanners into your Attekmi solutions. This way, you can fraud-proof the system and keep your marketplace secure. Does Attekmi offer a free consultation? There is no need to pay to learn more about our products or services. Just get in touch with us, and we will be glad to answer all your questions. What are white label AdTech solutions? A white label advertising platform refers to a product that you purchase from another company and rebrand it as your own. However, in the case of our White Label AdEx, you get even more than rebranding – the platform gets tailored specifically to your needs, so feel free to request custom features that will make your white label programmatic advertising company stand out in the market. Our Industry Awards & Achievements The combination of high-quality solutions and impeccable customer support has earned us multiple awards. Our commitment to excellence drives us to continually enhance our solutions and exceed client expectations Stevie Awards For
Women In Business Olena Chudinovych Achievement in Customer Satisfaction Finalist Engage Awards 2025 Best Customer Service
&
Best Customer Centric Strategy Finalist The Wires Awards 2025 Best Client Services Team
&
Best Ad Ops Team Finalist Stevie Awards 2025 Company of the Year Silver Winner Titan Awards 2025 Customer Service Platinum Winner Global Tech Awards
2025 AdTech Category Winner G2 High Performer Award G2 High Performer

Small Business Award G2 Momentum Leader Award Global Business Tech Awards Ad Tech Company of the Year Finalist Titan Business Awards 2024 Customer Service Gold Winner Engage Awards 2024 Best Use of Technology in Customer Engagement

Best Customer Centric Strategy Finalist The Wires Awards 2024 Best Ad Ops team Finalist The Wires Awards 2024 Best Client Services Team Winner TITAN Business Awards 2021 Customer Service - Best Customer Satisfaction Strategy Gold Winner DRUM Awards for Digital Industries 2023 Digital Industries: Programmatic Gold Winner Global Digital Excellence Awards Best Platform Finalist Global Digital Excellence Awards In-House Digital Team of the Year Finalist G2 High Performer Award G2 Momentum Leader Award G2 Users Love Us Award Global Digital Signage Awards Technical Advances and Innovation in Management Software Finalist Stevie 2022 The Best Customer Satisfaction Strategy Category Bronze Winner European Video Awards 2023 Best Customer Service Finalist Engage Awards 2022 Best Use of Technology in Customer Engagement & Best Customer Service Team Finalist Globee® Business Awards 2022 Customer Service and Success Training Team of the Year Gold Winner Best in Biz Awards 2022 International Customer Service Department of the Year Silver Winner Forbes Technology Council Member and Columnist Award APPEALIE SaaS Customer Success Category Gold Winner ExchangeWire Award Best Client Services Team Finalist What Our Clients Say About Working with Attekmi Testimonials of our customers prove our experience better than anything else. Explore their feedback to discover what they think about us. For us, Attekmi has become the technology partner that provided visibility and control over traffic distribution and allocation. Thanks to Attekmi, we’ve quickly launched a strong marketplace and pinpointed those areas of traffic improvement that embarked us on a path of continuous performance growth. Guy Avisar Head of Video Attekmi became our guiding light, enabling us to grow and deliver top-notch solutions. They know how to start in the best way and what steps to take to succeed. Since partnering with Attekmi, our numbers have been going up. Their SaaS platform is truly remarkable. We appreciate the ongoing support they provide at any time. Moshe Sabia CEO My experience was very positive since the platform is easy to use, the integration process is simple and the customer service is very diligent when it comes to answering inquiries or providing support on any circumstances. Ignacio Ronchese Ad Tech Director We received great communication from the account team regarding daily operations and exceptional support overall. Attekmi put logos’ requests in a very high priority and tried their best to help our business grow. The Attekmi team helped us to find a competitive solution for expanding our business to Asia, and successfully deployed the new ad exchange in a short time. Claire Qiao VP Attekmi for us is the next programmatic technology advance that worked as a key trigger of our ad business take-off. It provides visibility and control over performance, budgets, logos, and most importantly, it gives us leverages to fine-tune and tailor the media-trading process so that it generates high profits and ROI. Attekmi is the only solution that enables building such an efficient platform in a mere week. Andrew Prysiazhnyi VP of Operations Integrations with safety scanners been taken very seriously by the Attekmi team, all the process configured really quickly so that now we have fully deployed and maintained platform. Or Itzhack Director of Video The best feature of this platform is that UI is very user-friendly and easy to understand, it helps me to work with all functionalities smoothly. I am a novice but still it took me only couple of days to get used to the platform and start capitalizing. Yulia Komnadskaya RTB Traffic Manager Attekmi is one fo the leaders in the Ad Tech White Labels Solutions market, and we are very pleased to begin our cooperation with them. From seasoned organizations with stringent requirements to clients who are just entering the programmatic ecosystem, Attekmi delivers value to their clients. With this unique integration, Scalarr’s DeepView will be embedded in Attekmi solutions to allow users to get flexible and quick access to DeepView best-in-class anti-fraud technologies. Yuriy Yashunin CPO See More Case Studies Wondering what heights you can reach with Attekmi products? Explore the case studies of our clients. See More Latest Insights & Company News Following the AdTech evolution has never been easier. The industry news, Attekmi updates, and actionable insights – everything in one place. AdTech Insights CTV Ad Fraud: All You Need to Know in 2026 By Anastasiia Lushyna Dec 7, 2025 AdTech Insights CTV Measurement in 2025: How White-Label Ad Exchanges Can Deliver Transparent Metrics By Iryna Kozirevych Nov 25, 2025 Interviews Attekmi and Aceex BDMs Share Thoughts on AdTech Trends for 2026 By Anastasiia Lushyna Nov 23, 2025 Learn More Your trusted, skilled, and experienced partner in any AdTech matter. Find us at G2 Clutch Trustpilot Medium X Facebook LinkedIn Solutions AdEx Basic AdEx Plus AdEx Enterprise White Label Ad Server Services Custom AdTech Development Outstaffing Digital Ad Operations AdTech & Ad Ops Team Training Ongoing Support & Service Technologies Demand-Side Integrations Supply-Side Integrations Ad Fraud Detection Integration Ad Formats Traffic Types Privacy Compliant & Secure Data Traffic Filtering & Management Targeting Types Resources Blog E-books Events Company About Us FAQ Reviews Knowledge Base Contact us info@attekmi.com +1 64 698 06 889 Copyright © 2025 Attekmi. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement