Smartlook: Product analytics & visual user insights Smartlook is now part of Cisco Learn more Features Features Session recordings Watch real user behavior Heatmaps Visualize user engagement Events Check all user actions Funnels Analyze user paths Crash reports NEW Watch crashed sessions Platforms Cross-platform Web and mobile analytics in one Mobile app analytics See in-app user behavior Website analytics Analyze website user behavior Integrations Salesforce Slack Intercom Survicate Zendesk All integrations What's new All updates Introducing enhanced Event creation Events, or user actions, range from URL visits and button clicks to text-field inputs and custom events, forming the backbone of any analysis. With our latest update, you can easily define events for specific URLs. Plus, the Enhanced Element Picker lets you specify CSS selectors and create events directly from the UI without any coding. Introducing Page analytics Generate heatmaps right away in session recordings. No more waiting around for heatmaps to generate - just click on the button in the session recording. Read more about the nifty improvements we’ve made, and use them to your benefit. Contact Sales Get a 1-to-1 demo Ready to get started? Try it free Resources Learn Blog News, education, tips Case studies Success stories with Smartlook Developer hub Web and mobile documentation, APIs Guides Free guides to download Help Center Getting started, Integrations, Privacy and security Latest blogs All articles Responsive and relevant: how real-time analytics shape the user experience Collaborative product development: Improving SaaS products with data-driven insights From first customer clicks and on: How to optimize the user journey throughout your SaaS product Mobile game analytics: 6 essential metrics & how to track them Contact Sales Get a 1-to-1 demo Ready to get started? Try it free Pricing Log in Get a 1-to-1 demo Try it free Comprehensive product analytics & visual user insights Smartlook is the only combined quantitative + qualitative analytics platform that’s actually easy for growing teams to set up and adopt. Get a 1-to-1 demo Try it free No credit card required 4.7 / 5 4.7 / 5 4.8 / 5 8.8 / 10 Want really powerful insights? Combine session recordings with event-based analytics . Session recordings What’s wrong with my mobile app or website? Get clear insights by watching user’s recordings. Don’t have time? The advanced filtering capabilities take you right to the crucial moment. Learn more about recordings Learn more Events Do users do what you want them to? See how often users perform actions that matter to you. Use the events also as filters in recordings, so you can quickly find the important ones. Learn more about events Learn more Funnels Where and why do users drop off? Within one click get recordings of all the drop-offs. Fix the problems and plug the $ leaks! Learn more about funnels Learn more Heatmaps What are the most crucial page elements? Get an instant overview of where your users click and how far they scroll. Learn more about heatmaps Learn more Behavior Flows Where do you lose site and app users? See visually how your users move at your website or app. Determine whether the path you created for them works as expected. Crash reports What happened in the moments leading up to a crash? Watch session recordings to determine the cause of a crash and fix it without QA reproduction. See what happened and which crashes frustrate users most. Learn more about crash reports Learn more Smartlook is a team player Easily integrate your tech stack with 50+ integrations. See all the integrations Simple to use No need to call developers Simple setup for mobile apps Smartlook insights help improve conversion rate Case study Smartlook is a game changer for mobile app analytics With advanced features like funnels, we’re able to to see if we need to adjust our UX or if anything went wrong during implementation. I help us discover problems that we wouldn’t have noticed otherwise. It makes everything so easy.” Alžběta Husáková Marketing manager at Fitify Watch video See why our clients love us User in Health, Wellness.. Small-Business The best tool for mobile app session recording Smartlook provides invaluable insights into how users use and navigate our mobile app… Jan R Small-Business The best tool for tracking and measuring users at eshop Smartloook helps us to monitor customer behavior in our e-shop. The best tool for tracking and measuring users at eshop. Milena B Mid-Market Couldn’t be happier with Smartlook Smartlook is very insightful and it has helped us greatly. Most of all, I’d like to highlight… Kiddoware T Small-Business Great tool for qualitative analytics Smartlook solution, specially, the recording users sessions on android devices, helped us understand the issues in our onboarding process. Fuel your growth today Get a 1-to-1 demo Try it free No credit card required Free training & support Status & having trouble? Explore Website heatmap tool Session recording tool Mobile app heatmap tool Qualitative vs. quantitative Heatmaps Resources Blog Guides Case studies Social proof Help center Developer hub Blog Mobile analytics UX Customer stories Website analytics Product updates Product management Smartlook life Company & Legal About us Contact us Terms of service Data security Reporting illegal content Privacy statement CCPA © 2025 Smartlook.com • Cookies This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.