SmartDraw | Easy Floor Plans and Other Layouts Product Features Checks Every Box Collaboration Integrations Enterprise License Enterprise License Control Your Data Security Platform Microsoft Google Features Checks Every Box Collaboration Integrations Enterprise Enterprise License Control Your Data Security Platform Microsoft Google Enterprise Enterprise License Enterprise License Control Your Data Security Why SmartDraw Resources IT Admin Guide Getting Started Customer Stories Lucidchart Users Guide Visio Users Guide Enterprise License Enterprise License Control Your Data Security Why SmartDraw Resources IT Admin Guide Getting Started Customer Stories Lucidchart Users Guide Visio Users Guide Solutions Use Case Diagramming Whiteboarding Data Visualization Process Improvement Organizational Design IT Infrastructure Technical Diagramming Agile Floor Planning Teams Information Technology HR Software Engineering Product Management Project Management Sales Industries Software Healthcare Financial Services Management Consulting Retail Manufacturing Government Education Use Case Diagramming Whiteboarding Data Visualization Process Improvement Organizational Design IT Infrastructure Technical Diagramming Agile Floor Planning Teams Information Technology HR Software Engineering Product Management Project Engineering Sales Industries Software Healthcare Financial Services Management Consulting Retail Manufacturing Government Education Resources Learn Getting Started Diagrams Knowledge Base Contact Support Development Platform Explore Templates What's New Explore SmartDraw Blog Learn Getting Started Diagrams Knowledge Base Contact Support Development Platform Explore Templates What's New Explore SmartDraw Blog Pricing My Account Contact Sales Launch App Easy Floor Plans and Other Layouts Plus Flowcharts, Org Charts, and More No training required. Easily create accurate plans for buildings, homes, offices, sites, planograms, evacuations, fire safety, and accident reconstructions. Plus empower your teams with easy flowcharts, org charts, and more. Start Now 5 Reasons Teams Choose SmartDraw for Scaled Drawings and Diagrams Get a Demo 1. Easy for Anyone, but Precise Enough for Experts Create scaled drawings without all the complexities of traditional CAD software. SmartDraw lets anyone draw a floor plan from scratch easily or you can start with an imported PDF or Google Map and add your own scaled layout on top. Your team doesn't need to be experts to get expert results. 2. Industry-Standard Content Get thousands of industry-standard symbols to build anything from commercial floor plans, warehouse layouts to accident reconstructions and fire pre-plans. 3. A Solution for All Your Diagramming Needs Support your entire organization with flowcharts, organizational charts, mind maps, project charts, technical engineering diagrams, IT diagrams, and more. 4. Simple Administration SmartDraw works hand in glove with your existing IT infrastructure without disruption to maximize what you've already invested in. You can provision users with SSO, save files to your own preferred storage solution, and enjoy enterprise-level security. 5. Enterprise Support As an enterprise customer, you will have your own dedicated support rep for onboarding, training, and more. Visualize Spaces, Plans and Processes Across Every Industry Commercial Floor Plans Design precise layouts for any commercial building: facilities, warehouses, restaurants, medical buildings, site plans, and more. Map equipment, safety, storage, seating, and traffic flow. Residential Floor Plans Create residential floor plans with drag-and-drop symbols for everything in a home including kitchens and bathrooms. Office Layouts Identify the ideal layout for collaboration between teams, help plan for new employees, potential expansions and renovations, decide on hybrid hot-desking arrangements. Landscape Design the outdoor space for residential and commercial buildings with thousands of built-in symbols. Accident Reconstruction Document accidents for legal proceedings with detailed symbols that include vehicles, skid marks, and traffic signs. Fire and Safety Build code-compliant evacuation plans and fire pre-plans with clearly marked escape routes, assembly points, and safety equipment locations. Planograms and Store Layouts Design your stores to improve customer flow and make planograms to adjust shelving and displays. Add data for inventory management. Flowcharts Document and streamline your processes as a team. Make sure your workflows are optimized and standardized across your organization. Organizational Charts Document your organizational structure and work as a team to manage growth or change. SmartDraw is Used by Over 85% of the Fortune 500 Interested in seeing how organizations across the globe use SmartDraw to get more done? See case studies. Organizations Across the Globe Use SmartDraw to Get More Done Contact Us "Switching from Visio to SmartDraw was a no-brainer. We saved thousands and SmartDraw can do everything we used to do in Visio." Ken Tripp North American IT Operations Manager, Radisys "Our design and construction company oversees custom home builds and remodels from initial design to completion. SmartDraw provided an affordable, user-friendly, and efficient tool for making rapid adjustments to floor plans without relying on architects or designers for every minor change. The fast setup and intuitive tools really helped us streamline our workflow." Jake Goodew Project Manager, Arete Construction "We replaced both Visio and Lucidchart and never looked back. Not only did we save money, but SmartDraw's excellent customer service and free training sessions made the transition painless. We now use SmartDraw for network diagrams, flowcharts, org charts, and more." Chris Tusa Vice President Solutions Engineering, Dizzion "We could only afford to give Lucidchart to a fraction of our users. SmartDraw allowed us to expand diagramming to everyone in our organization. Every department finally has access to make flowcharts, decision trees, UML diagrams, and more. We especially liked that generating an AWS diagram didn't cost us extra." Juan Pablo Cordero Director of IT, Snap Finance "We were frustrated with our previous vendor's price hikes and limiting how many users could get access, so switching to SmartDraw was a relief. It let us create all the diagrams we needed, integrated with Google Workspace, and eliminated our worries about monitoring usage." Brad Schaider Senior Manager IT, StrongDM "SmartDraw has been the perfect Visio replacement for our organization. It has everything we need at a fraction of the cost. It's the ideal license model for our teams with mixed usage patterns. With built-in collaboration, flexible licensing, and cross-platform access, we reduced IT overhead and found a simpler, smarter way to work." Rachel E Anderson Service Desk Supervisor, REC Silicon Inc "In SmartDraw, we finally found a product that could parallel what we got from Visio at a lower price." Wes Meyer Global Manager, IT, Amphenol Advanced Sensors "Over time SmartDraw has become the process mapping tool of choice for every department. It's our go to tool and makes everything easy and clear. It's user-friendly and acts like a roadmap as you work on going from your current state to your future state." Melinda Carter Assistant Director, Texas Children's Hospital "We replaced Lucidchart with SmartDraw to document our processes. It's intuitive, powerful, and backed by excellent support. SmartDraw is easy to use and their support team is always responsive and helpful." Vince Rinner IT Director, Diamond Mattress "Compared to Visio, SmartDraw is more affordable and easier to use for everyone in our organization. The SmartDraw team and support are very responsive and helpful!" Heather Malecha Application Services Analyst, City of Burnsville "We needed a solution to replace Lucidchart and Visio and reduce licensing costs. SmartDraw not only met those needs, but it also allowed us to expand access to our entire organization. The training sessions they offered greatly facilitated our staff's transition to SmartDraw." Michael Surerus Systems Administrator, American Academy of Pediatrics Click the link below to see all customer success stories. See all stories Trusted by Millions of Users SmartDraw reviews sourced by G2 Jeremy M. Director of IT - Mining & Metals Great Visio replacement 05/23/2022 "It's so easy to use and has so many options to pick from. Even does some project Gantt style charting." Read the full SmartDraw review Jason Y. Automation Services Manager - Government Administration SmartDraw is an outstanding product that is perfect for making tedious work quick and simple. 12/05/2022 "The templates are complete enough to know which app to choose each time. It has an easy-to-use feel and intuitively knows what to do next. SmartDraw is a time saver compared to other programs I have used in the past. Plus, the customer service is the best I have ever engaged with." Read the full SmartDraw review Verified User Health, Wellness and Fitness Best flowchart software out there 08/01/2022 "Ease of use, compatibility with Microsoft toolset" Read the full SmartDraw review Get a Demo Your Name * Your Work Email * * Your Phone Number Your question or request * There was a problem validating your input. By clicking "Submit", you are agreeing to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy . General Home Enterprise Pricing Support About Privacy Security Product Checks Every Box Collaboration Integrations Control Your Data Flowchart Maker Floor Plan Creator Organizational Chart Maker AutoCAD Alternative Drafting Software Solutions Diagramming Whiteboarding Data Visualization Process Improvement Organizational Design IT Infrastructure Technical Diagramming Agile Floor Planning Resources Getting Started Templates Diagrams What's New Explore SmartDraw Blog Development Platform ©1994-2026 SmartDraw, LLC Follow Us LinkedIn Icon YouTube Icon X Icon Facebook Icon Instagram Icon TikTok Icon