SmartRent | Smart Home Solutions for Multifamily Communities Toggle mobile navigation Solutions Smart Communities Smart Apartments Resident App and Experience Access Control Self-Guided Tours Community WiFi Package Management Parking Management View All Solutions Smart Operations Work Management Answer Automation Inspection Management Audit Management View All Integrations Featured Integrations to help you work smarter We enable effortless data sharing for the fastest workflows in the industry. Read More New Research Report Discover how integrated smart technology can deliver immediate energy savings of nearly 20%. Read More Browse Case Studies Hardware Alloy Hardware Hubs Sensors Readers Intercoms All Alloy Hardware Additional Devices Locks & Lockboxes Thermostats Lighting All Hardware All Integrations Featured Unlock Smarter Living New Alloy Deadbolt+ smart lock with Apple Wallet integration Read More New Smart Tech Checklist Renters expect smart technology—do your properties meet their expectations? Read More Learn More Why SmartRent By Team Leasing Maintenance Management Operations By Need Asset Protection Centralization Connected Communities Energy Management Resident Satisfaction By Industry Homebuilders Multifamily Single Family Rentals Student Housing Featured Case Studies The industry’s top owners trust SmartRent to deliver customized solutions to their business challenges. Read More Empowering Technology Teams How tech enables your site teams to stay ahead of potential issues Read More Browse Reports and Guides Resources About SmartRent About Us Leadership Resident Data & Security In The News Knowledge Center Blog Case Studies Reports and Guides Webinars Virtual Product Demos Featured The Surprising Data About Smart Apartments How smart technology can boost your bottom line Read More In the Thick of It: Multifamily's Path through 2025's Challenges View our latest webinar Read More Contact Support Talk to Sales Integrate with us Support Login SMRT Operations SMRT Inspection SMRT Communities Investors Let's Talk Smart Communities + Smart Operations for Multifamily Take the resident living experience to the next level and simplify operations with smart home solutions from SmartRent. Our seamless connectivity platform integrates your choice of hardware with our cloud-based enterprise software for all-around smarter properties. Let's Talk Smart for everyone.™ Smart home automation doesn’t come with a one-size-fits-all solution. We tailor an experience that works best for each of your assets so you can scale at your own pace. Smart Apartments Reduce costs, boost revenue, and simplify workflows Learn More Access Control Protect your community with cloud-based management Learn More Self-Guided Tours Automate and enhance leasing processes. Learn More Community WiFi Power it all with reliable connection Learn More Parking Management Maximize profits by monetizing empty spaces Learn More Work Management Improve efficiency with a mobile maintenance platform Learn More Answer Automation Save time and resources with automated call-handling Learn More Request a Demo Smart home solutions for every asset in your portfolio Build-to-Rent Multifamily Single Family Student Housing Making the switch to smart easy There’s no need to overhaul the systems you’re already using. Our end-to-end smart home solutions seamlessly integrate with a wide range of smart home hardware, as well as with most property management and CRM tools. See Our Full Integrations List Hardware customization that fits any building, property, or housing style Select from a range of compatible smart devices from the top manufacturers in the industry. Start with the basics then add on to your connected communities as your needs grow. Smart Hubs Smart Locks Smart Thermostats Smart Sensors Learn About Your Hardware Options Automate your property for rapid NOI The SmartRent suite of automation solutions provides data views and analyses that maximize NOI, increase efficiency, and create positive experiences for property managers and residents alike. But don't take our word for it—the numbers speak for themselves. Boost competitive edge Enhance your income potential and financial performance $30-$60 Added value per month 1 1 Based on customer feedback through 2022 2 Based on the Parks Associates Report, Smart Properties: the Value of IoT for MDUs Q2 2024 View our Case Studies SmartRent’s solutions create a seamless experience that benefits property staff and residents. They also offer numerous hardware integrations, which empower us to install the hardware that best meets our needs. " Greystar Innovation at your doorstep Join the growing number of properties leveling up their operations 600+ Clients served 1.3M Rental homes serviced by Smart Operations Solutions 848K Rental homes powered by Smart Communities Solutions 3.5M Connected devices Statistics as of August 6, 2025 Let's Talk Founded in 2017, SmartRent, Inc. (NYSE: SMRT) is a leading provider of smart communities solutions and smart operations solutions to the rental housing industry. SmartRent’s end-to-end ecosystem powers smarter living and working in rental housing by automating operations, protecting assets, reducing energy consumption and more. The company’s differentiators - purpose-built software and hardware, and end-to-end implementation and support - create an exceptional experience, with 15 of the top 20 multifamily operators and millions of users leveraging SMRT solutions daily. Corporate 6811 E. Mayo Blvd Fourth Floor Phoenix, AZ 85054 Solutions Access Control Answer Automation Audit Management Community WiFi Inspection Management Package Management Parking Management Resident App and Experience Self-Guided Tours Smart Apartments Work Management Hardware Hubs Locks & Lockboxes Sensors Thermostats Intercoms Lighting Readers Customers Homebuilders Multifamily Single Family Rentals Student Housing Support Company About Us Careers Blog Security & Data Privacy Investors Manage Cookie Preferences Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest smart home innovations, data-driven analysis and expert guidance. Subscribe © 2025 SmartRent Technologies, Inc Privacy Policy Terms Responsible Disclosure Policy Sitemap Connect with us on Instagram Connect with us on Twitter Connect with us on Facebook Connect with us on LinkedIn © 2025 SmartRent Technologies, Inc Privacy Policy Terms Responsible Disclosure Policy Sitemap Connect with us on Instagram Connect with us on Twitter Connect with us on Facebook Connect with us on LinkedIn Loading...