Australian Breaking News Headlines & World News Online | SMH.com.au Australian Breaking News Headlines & World News Online | SMH.com.au We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later. Dismiss Skip to sections navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Advertisement Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Open Navigation Menu The Sydney Morning Herald Independent. Always. HSC Sydney Politics Business World Good Food Lifestyle Traveller Sport The Sydney Morning Herald close Search Site Sections Network Home Sydney NSW Politics Show subsections Federal NSW Victoria Queensland Western Australia Business Show subsections Companies Markets Bulls N' Bears The economy Banking & finance Small business Media Workplace World Show subsections North America Europe Asia Middle East Oceania South America Africa National Show subsections Victoria Queensland Western Australia Opinion Property Show subsections News Domain Magazine Title Deeds Living Auctions Financing Sport Show subsections NRL Rugby union Cricket Soccer AFL Racing Tennis Netball Basketball Motorsport Cycling Golf NFL Athletics Swimming Boxing Good Food Show subsections Eating out Recipes Tips & advice Drinks Culture Show subsections Movies TV & radio Music Celebrity Books Comedy Dance Musicals Opera Theatre Art & design Live reviews TV guide Lifestyle Show subsections Health & wellness Fashion Life & relationships Beauty Style Horoscopes Traveller Show subsections Destination guides Inspiration Reviews & advice Travel news Good Weekend Spectrum Sunday Life Money Show subsections Super & retirement Investing Banking Borrowing Saving Tax Planning & budgeting Insurance Education Show subsections HSC Healthcare Environment Show subsections Conservation Climate change Sustainability Weather Technology Show subsections Video games Home tech Phones Gadgets Drive Premium Subscribe Today’s Paper Good Food Guide Daily Puzzles More Letters Editorial Campus Column 8 Obituaries Explainers Quizzes Podcasts The Sydney Morning Herald The Age Brisbane Times WAtoday The Australian Financial Review Domain Commercial Real Estate Drive Morning Edition newsletter Our guide to the most important stories, analysis and insights. Good Food - What’s for Dinner Just for subscribers: daily dinner inspiration from Australia’s best food writers. Mini Crossword How quickly can you solve our new pocket-sized puzzle? Sydney Weather forecast Live Sydney Moment of Unity to remember Bondi victims; fireworks vantage points at capacity Follow along for live updates as Sydney celebrates New Year’s Eve amid a heightened police presence following the Bondi terror attack. Latest live posts Loading City life New fees, new rules: Changes to expect in NSW in 2026 An extension of the toll cap is the main source of relief at state level, but there are also new gas rules. New Year In pictures: Sydney NYE 2025 Flick through our gallery to see what our photographers captured across Sydney on New Year’s Eve. 2 hours ago Social media US Congress issues two-week ultimatum to Australia’s eSafety boss Online safety tsar Julie Inman Grant has been accused of harassing American companies over Australia’s under-16 social media ban. Updated Emergency services Man dead after boat flips off Sydney’s northern beaches, search under way for missing teen A man is dead, another is in hospital, and a search continues for a missing teenager after a “tragic boating incident”. Exclusive Bondi shooting Bushfire inquiry’s top silk says royal commission essential for harmony “Why this happened and how we prevent it in the future, I think, is of the utmost importance for our nation,” Jack Rush told this masthead. Investigations Senior manager at bikie-linked security firm charged over threats to Herald journalist Police allege the call was made the morning after MA Services Group collapsed into voluntary administration. Iran ‘Death to the dictator’: Biggest protests in years across Iran Footage of a lone protester staring down security forces in Tehran has gone viral as protests spread rapidly across the country, fuelled by a rare alliance between two groups. Mental health Feel the urge to run away from it all? Why you’re not alone Starting the new year with the desire to escape your old life is not particularly unusual. How to deal with those feelings is the real challenge. Formula 1 Hard-luck stories of 2025 highlight the fine line between pleasure and pain Not everyone gets to collect a trophy or a gold medal. Sydney to Hobart French crew stripped of Sydney to Hobart victory as new overall winner named Skipper Jiang Lin has become the first woman to collect the famous Tattersall Cup for the Sydney to Hobart overall winner. Australian Open ‘Unbelievable rise’: De Minaur on Australia’s top-ranked female player The 19-year-old has gone from being an Australian Open wildcard to a seeded player in a year, and will start the 2026 season ranked No.32. Opinion AI A billion chatbot users can’t be wrong … or can they? Let’s ask a human It’s a job description for the 21st century: human-AI relationship coach. But this job is all about the humans. Parmy Olson Analysis Royal family Sussexit? Harry and Meghan desperate to downplay staff exodus Of all the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s staff departures of recent years, the loss of a deeply loyal executive director will hit the hardest. Hannah Furness Peru Machu Picchu rail disaster: Train driver dies after head-on collision, scores injured Images taken near Peru’s top tourist site show damaged locomotives and injured people being treated on the sides of the tracks. Film Surprises, franchises and sequels: 10 new films that prove cinema is not dead Think streaming has killed off movies? You might be surprised at what’s coming to the big screen in 2026. Africa South Africa’s ‘French corner’ is the ultimate gourmet escape An hour from Cape Town, the Franschhoek wine valley’s reputation as the country’s food capital is well earned, but it’s not the only reason you should go. Review The story of how ancient alchemy led to the birth of modern science Philip Ball’s new book traces the origins of alchemy, once seen as akin to witchcraft. Editor's Picks Public transport There are two peak times as crowds depart Sydney en masse for NYE Australian cricket ‘It’s really serious’: Former Test great placed in induced coma Literature Sixty books everyone will be talking about in the first half of 2026 Advertisement Just in 2 hours ago Opinion Skipping the queue at the bottle-o Vilification of any Australian is damaging for all of society US Congress threatens eSafety commissioner with contempt charges Updated Man dead after boat flips off Sydney’s northern beaches, search under way for missing teen From our partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content shorts Loading Advertisement BONDI TERROR ATTACK Ex-Labor minister slams omission of word ‘antisemitism’ from Bondi review Heavily armed police at NYE a result of Bondi ‘regret’, says Clover Moore Lord Mayor Clover Moore said the presence of heavily armed police was the state government’s way of making people feel safe after a lack of preparedness at Bondi. Muslim community faces backlash following Bondi Beach terror attack Ten mosques and Islamic centres have reported vandalism, break-ins or threats since the Bondi attack. Sydney City life ‘Feels like we’re just treading water’: Businesses ask people to return to Bondi A strong police presence combined with some much-needed sunshine has brought the crowds back to Bondi Beach – and businesses are breathing a sigh of relief. Opinion My best beach I was asked to write about my favourite beach. Then my heart was shattered In the first instalment of our new summer series, Rose Jackson, born and bred in the eastern suburbs, reflects on why Bondi will endure as the dynamic beating heart of our city even after suffering tragedy. Rose Jackson Updated Crime Woman charged after more than 30 gunshots fired at Sydney home Four young children were inside the home when a carload of assailants opened fire. It is the second time the house has been targeted. Exclusive City life NYE fireworks to be launched along 7km stretch from more than 260 spots At the summit of the Sydney Harbour Bridge lies a complex equation involving six kilometres of cables and 40,000 fireworks. Crime ‘Some people will not feel safe’: The three most dangerous hours of the year It’s the time of the year when assaults and domestic violence incidents surge by 166 and 118 per cent respectively. From our partners domain The ultimate guide to moving home Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content domain The ultimate guide to renting drive This SUV comes with Holden engineer-tuned suspension and it shows THE ASHES ‘You decide your destiny’: Why Michael Vaughan is urging Khawaja to bow out in Sydney ‘I’m not a fan’: Hayden blasts Australian batting coach after MCG carnage Former Test opener Matthew Hayden has taken aim at Australian batting coach Michael Di Venuto and the home side’s top order following a 97-year first in Melbourne. Analysis Khawaja, Green, Healy and Perry. What does 2026 have in store for Australian cricket? After a Merry Christmas for the Australian men’s Test team the new year shapes as being a more challenging time. We assess what the future holds in cricket in 2026. Jon Pierik Politics Exclusive Bondi shooting Royal commission into antisemitism is premature and risky, says top barrister Robert Richter, KC, refused to sign the letter from senior members of the Australian Bar calling for a royal commission. Exclusive Resolve Political Monitor Pauline Hanson, Barnaby Joyce zoom up likeability ladder, new polling shows ALP Subsidies, sweeteners and price hikes: The changes that are coming on Jan 1 Bondi shooting ‘Line by line’: AFP’s ‘flying squad of hate disruptors’ combing sermons for incitement Business Opinion Fossil fuels Future is electric: Hot metals exposing fossil fuel fantasy The arrival of the Trump administration was seen by the carbon industry as an opportunity to demonstrate fossil fuels’ indispensability to the world. It didn’t work out that way. David Fickling and Ruth Pollard Shares It’s been an underwhelming year on the ASX. Will 2026 be any better? Start-ups Move over AI, seaweed is the new wonder product World markets Lacklustre ASX ends the year below global markets World Denmark Last post: Denmark calls time on ‘vintage’ letter service In a sign of the times, Denmark appears to be the first country where the official postal carrier will stop delivering letters. Cancer JFK’s granddaughter dies at 35 after rare cancer diagnosis Crime The reality TV winner, her secret lover and a deadly gift that arrived by courier Analysis Russia-Ukraine war Six words from Trump that had Zelensky – and the world – wincing Michael Koziol Advertisement Opinion What housing crisis? For most, there isn’t one – but look how the other third live Kate Shaw Urban geographer Trump has just sacked 30 ambassadors. The effects for Australia are profound Cory Alpert Former White House staffer I’m an SPF50+ redhead. Walk a mile in my shoes, but never in daylight Perry Duffin Crime Reporter New laws aim to make Australian campuses safer The Herald's View Editorial Explore Editorial Explainers CBD Letters Column 8 Domain Magazine Good Weekend Quiz TV Guide Newsletters Podcasts Premium Subscribe Today’s Paper Good Food Guide Daily Puzzles Got a news tip? Share information with our journalists securely and confidentially. Learn more Advertisement Property Domain Construction Why Australians are still buying backyard swimming pools Our love of backyard dips is showing no signs of slowing, and there are options for a range of spaces and budgets. Property market ‘Turned pretty drastically’: How property market moved in 2025 Home values rose throughout the year as the Reserve Bank delivered three rate cuts. Then the market changed. Title Deeds Inside the multimillion-dollar property empire that Chemist Warehouse built Title Deeds Revealed: Sydney’s top luxury property sales of 2025 NSW residential property The luxury holiday rental that costs $210,000 a week Good Food Recipe collection Best of The slice is right: Good Food’s top 50 most popular recipes of 2025, revealed Recipe collection Party season Katrina Meynink’s all-time greatest party snack recipes (and hacks) Party season Rosheen Kaul’s golden sandwiches with cheese pull will be the life of your party Best of The best things we ate in Sydney in 2025 worth splashing out on Lifestyle Friendship Keen to expand your social circle? The answer might already be in front of you Many of us feel lonelier than ever. But research suggests the small real-world interactions we take for granted have more value than we realise. Prostate cancer Four myths discouraging men from prostate cancer screening Health A doctor’s guide to 10 science-backed tips to get healthier Interior design From paint colours to furniture styles – how to decorate your home in 2026 Sex & relationships Want a better relationship? Here are 15 expert tips you can use now Culture Literature Sixty books everyone will be talking about in the first half of 2026 The fiction and non-fiction titles set to dominate group chats, book clubs and bedside tables in the months ahead. Review Ricky Gervais created two of TV’s greatest comedies. But his standup is slipping Review Imagination comes before love for this effortlessly marvellous author Pop music Australian performer dumped from K-pop girl group Streaming Staying home on NYE? The best new movies to stream Traveller Gold Coast The Gold Coast’s best hotels and resorts for different budgets Travel tips Where to go in 2026, according to the experts Collection Hotel reviews From Paris to Tassie, here are the top-rated hotels of 2025 Air travel Airlines investigate why passengers put lives at risk for their bags Drive drive When do double demerits start? Best new-car deals in December 2025 Honda commits to petrol engines for decades to come From Our Partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content stan Starring Sean Bean and Jack Patten, stream Robin Hood now, only on Stan. stan Bump: A Christmas Film is streaming now, only on Stan. Advertisement Sport NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer AFL Racing Formula 1 Hard-luck stories of 2025 highlight the fine line between pleasure and pain Not everyone gets to collect a trophy or a gold medal. Australian cricket Gilchrist provides update on Damien Martyn after cricket great placed in induced coma The 54-year-old, who played 67 Tests for Australia between 1992 and 2006, was admitted last week after falling ill. Australian Open De Minaur lauds young gun’s ‘unbelievable rise’ ahead of Australian Open Australia’s Alex de Minaur and Maya Joint will have the chance to play as a team at the United Cup before heading to Melbourne for the first grand slam of the year. Opinion Test cricket The social media whipping boy, cult hero and unlikely captain in our Test team of 2025 Only three players – Travis Head, Joe Root and Ravindra Jadeja – retained their places from last year, while seven have been named in this team for the first time, including a spinner many will not have heard of. Andrew Wu Sports Writer Sydney to Hobart French crew stripped of Sydney to Hobart victory as new overall winner named Skipper Jiang Lin has become the first woman to collect the famous Tattersall Cup for the Sydney to Hobart overall winner. The Ashes ‘You decide your destiny’: Why Michael Vaughan is urging Khawaja to bow out in Sydney Ashes-winning captain has weighed into the debate over Usman Khawaja’s future, and warned England they need to win well at the SCG to prove Bazball still has a pulse. The Ashes ‘I’m not a fan’: Hayden blasts Australian batting coach after MCG carnage Former Test opener Matthew Hayden has taken aim at Australian batting coach Michael Di Venuto and the home side’s top order following a 97-year first in Melbourne. Have Your Say Khawaja, Green, Healy and Perry. What does 2026 have in store for Australian cricket? It’s been a very Merry Christmas for the Australian Test team and national selectors with Ashes success well and truly ‘urned’, but the new year shapes as being a, shall we say, testing time. We take a look at what the future holds in Australian cricket in 2026. Jon Pierik More in Sport Cricket ‘I’m not a fan’: Hayden blasts Australian batting coach after MCG carnage Exclusive Sport Gymnastics Australia slammed for ‘sloppy’ bullying investigation of Olympic coach Opinion Cricket Bradman and co. knew toughness was part of Test cricket. Do today’s players? Cricket ‘Devalues the future of cricket rights’: How two-day Tests may dent next broadcast deal Analysis Cricket Ignore Melbourne – Brendon McCullum needs a win in Sydney to save his job Updated Cricket Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC Sport Explaining Australia’s enduring love affair with vintage sportswear Cricket Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test Featured video Premier League Diogo Jota’s sons honoured by Liverpool fans at Anfield Racing Horse racing Race-by-race preview and tips for Canterbury on New Year’s Day Horse racing Son of Trapeze Artist faces toughest test in Canterbury Sprint Horse racing Bayliss adds to celebrations with city double for Waterhouse-Bott team Advertisement Most Viewed today Loading The Sydney Morning Herald Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Our Sites The Sydney Morning Herald The Age Brisbane Times WAtoday The Australian Financial Review nine.com.au Domain Drive Education HSC Classifieds Tributes Place your ad Newsletters Commercial Real Estate The Sydney Morning Herald Contact & support Advertise with us Accessibility guide Sitemap Photo sales Purchase front pages Content licensing Work with us Terms of use Privacy policy Press Council Charter of Editorial Independence AI Editorial Guidelines Products & Services Subscription packages My account Subscriber FAQs Delivery status Today’s Paper Good Food Guide Daily Puzzles Copyright © 2025 Subscribe