Australian Breaking News Headlines & World News Online | SMH.com.au

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Monday, December 29, 2025	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Independent. Always.
HSCSYDNEYPOLITICSBUSINESSWORLDGOOD FOODLIFESTYLETRAVELLERSPORT
Thank God it’s Monday newsletter

News, advice and perspectives to help make your job work for you.

The Morning Edition podcast

Expert daily insight into the biggest stories, with Samantha Selinger-Morris.

Interactive: Search for uni courses

Search for uni courses with Campus, your essential education guide.

Sydney
Weather forecast
Bondi shooting
‘My soul asked me to do that’: Bondi hero breaks silence

Ahmed al Ahmed has described the moment he tackled and disarmed a Bondi Beach terrorist.

Analysis
Analysis
Albanese’s royal commission excuses are piling up – and wearing thin

Royal commissions are a symbolic way Australia confronts its ugliest problems, even if they do not solve them.

Natassia Chrysanthos
Bondi Beach
‘He’s a coward’: Niece of Bondi victim lashes PM over royal commission

Boris Tetleroyd’s niece has rejected the Albanese government’s claim a federal royal commission would showcase hate speech.

1 hour ago
Bondi shooting
What is CSG, the Jewish security group the premier wants armed more heavily?

Chris Minns says his government is looking to provide the body’s personnel with access to weapons when patrolling public events.

28 minutes ago
Healthcare
Thinking outside the box to solve the doctor shortage

Liam Morrissey saw first-hand the contrast between regional and metropolitan access to healthcare. He’s just graduated from the University of Sydney’s medical school in Dubbo, created to bridge that gap.

28 minutes ago
Updated
Crime
Dramatic arrest in Sydney Westfield after allegedly armed man flees police pursuit

Vision from the scene shows police standing on top of a knife and surrounding a man on the ground.

58 minutes ago
Exclusive
Workplace
The Sydney suburbs where half the workers are part-time

There are sharp differences in employment patterns across Sydney. This map shows how your suburb compares.

Extreme weather
‘Rainfall won’t end there’: Deluge drowns Queensland’s north, with warning of 700mm

Rising floodwaters could isolate communities and strand unwary travellers, with parts of the region already drenched by more than 300 millimetres of rain in the past 24 hours.

Biosecurity
Kylie’s yard is usually full of magpies. Now they’re dying, and she wants answers

In the last two weeks, Kylie Conroy has counted more than 30 birds that have died in her Inala backyard or been taken to the RSPCA wildlife hospital.

Science
A miracle child and an Aussie Nobel Prize winner. The five biggest science discoveries of 2025

It’s hard to keep up with all the discoveries made around the world every year in science, but harder still to sort the hype from the game changers.

Taiwan
China to hold live-fire drills near Taiwan after US arms deal

Beijing has reacted angrily to the US approving a package of arms sales to Taiwan earlier this month worth up to $16.4 billion.

2 hours ago
Royal family
‘A hell of a smell’: King Charles causes a stink

Many in Flitcham are too nervous to discuss their royal neighbour’s council application but as one says, who would want a wafting stench to ruin a summer’s evening?

Breaking
Boxing Day Test
Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC

The MCG’s seam-friendly Boxing Day Test pitch has been assessed as “unsatisfactory” by the International Cricket Council, breaking the venue’s streak of top ratings.

20 minutes ago
The Ashes
Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne

As most of Australia’s squad took off what would have been the fourth day of the Boxing Day Test, Marnus Labuschagne was among the less than a handful of players required back on the tools in the MCG nets on Monday.

13 minutes ago
Opinion
Australian cricket
‘Get over yourselves’: Why the players are to blame for Boxing Day debacle

Few of the players involved in the Boxing Day Test put their body on the line, gesturing, laughing and cursing as they departed as if the surface was unplayable. It was appalling.

Greg Chappell

Former Australian Test captain

Foodie travel
The 18 most underrated, and nine most overrated, things in global food

Non-alcoholic drinks and Australian chefs get a big tick in our underrated and overrated foodie travel list, while QR codes and kids’ menus are given the thumbs down.

Streaming
What to stream this week: Brooke Satchwell’s heartfelt donor drama, plus five more picks

Don’t miss a local drama about grief and understanding, retro fun with Miami Vice and a South Korean survival thriller.

Sex & relationships
Want a better relationship? Here are 15 expert tips you can use now
Opinion
Obesity
Let them eat cake: We have a fix for obesity, but only the wealthy can afford it
Vinay Rane

Obstetrician and gynaecologist

EDITOR'S PICKS
House of Merivale
Merivale’s pokie empire expands to Rose Bay
Autism
New science points to four distinct types of autism
Best of
Sydney waterfront restaurants where the food and views are equally wonderful
JUST IN
13 minutes ago
Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne
20 minutes ago
BreakingControversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC
28 minutes ago
What is CSG, the Jewish security group the premier wants armed more heavily?
28 minutes ago
Thinking outside the box to solve the doctor shortage
FROM OUR PARTNERS
SHORTS
BONDI TERROR ATTACK
Grieving families of Bondi victims demand PM launch federal royal commission
‘This is part of our history now’: How Bondi plans to rebuild after horror

A Sydney council will consider how to memorialise the massacre at Australia’s most famous beach, as the community grapples with the loss of “15 beautiful souls”.

Glimpses, maybes and a ‘ping’: On the murky trail of the Bondi gunmen in the Philippines

At a beach resort on the outskirts of Davao City, the apparent fleeting visit of soon-to-be terrorist gunmen has been a talking point.

SYDNEY
Crime
Man charged after brazen Jingle Bells charity theft at Town Hall station

The band was playing Christmas tunes when the man grabbed handfuls of cash from the donation box.

City life
The small addition to the Opera House steps that has caused a big backlash

A proposal to install a humble set of handrails on the steps of the Sydney Opera House has ignited tensions over the balance between accessibility and heritage.

Exclusive
Workplace
Sydney’s working hours data reveals a sharp suburban divide across the city

There are sharp differences in employment patterns across Sydney. This map shows how your suburb compares.

New Year
‘Big, explosive’: Musician behind NYE fireworks reveals gameplan

Dance band frontman Jono Ma aims to score an aural delight to match the pyrotechnics in the sky.

Updated
Crime
‘Normal, happy family’: Sydney man charged with murder

Anaseini Waqavuki, 38, has been identified as one of the victims in what police are treating as a domestic violence incident.

FROM OUR PARTNERS
Domain
The ultimate guide to moving home
Domain
The ultimate guide to renting
Drive
This SUV comes with Holden engineer-tuned suspension and it shows
POLITICS
Tax deductions
Nothing sweet about the tax system as costs soar by $50 billion

One person’s tax concession is another’s impost. The cost of concessions has skyrocketed, putting more pressure on the budget.

Bills
How to save hundreds on your power bill with one simple phone call
Property development
The amount that red tape is adding to the cost of new homes
Exclusive
Resolve Political Monitor
Australians want tougher visa screening after Bondi Beach terror attack
BUSINESS
Fintech
The disloyal generation that has banks scratching their heads

Generation Z customers are a growing and critical market for banks, but they are also the most likely to switch to a rival.

Shares
Info tech and energy firms lead Australian sharemarket lower
Consumer rights
Gyms push back on law change that would ease cancellation
Gold
Gold and silver smash records as rally gathers momentum
WORLD
Emergency services
Mother, teens save bushwalker’s life with human heat circle

When emergency services were unable to reach a man who had collapsed while walking, they contacted a family staying nearby.

Updated
Russia-Ukraine war
As Trump praised Putin, Zelensky tilted his head and smiled
Opinion
US politics
Trump’s Golden Fleet battleship plan is a disaster waiting to happen
Tom Sharpe
Analysis
World elections
As some boycott Myanmar’s flawed election, others hope for change
Sui-Lee Wee
OPINION
I was a master of mindfulness – until my kids went feral
Cherie Gilmour

Freelance writer

2025 was a year of tragedy, turmoil and cringeworthy moments from Trump
George Brandis

Former high commissioner to the UK and federal attorney-general

There are three kinds of antisemitism – each needs to be dealt with differently
Kylie Moore-Gilbert

Political scientist and writer

Why your medical bills are skyrocketing
Dr Nikki Stamp

Surgeon

EXPLORE
Editorial
Explainers
CBD
Letters
Column 8
Domain Magazine
Good Weekend
Quiz
TV Guide
Newsletters
Podcasts
PREMIUM
Subscribe
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles
Got a news tip?

Share information with our journalists securely and confidentially. Learn more

PROPERTY
Domain
Property market
‘Turned pretty drastically’: How property market moved in 2025

Home values rose throughout the year as the Reserve Bank delivered three rate cuts. Then the market changed.

Title Deeds
Inside the multimillion-dollar property empire that Chemist Warehouse built

Chemist Warehouse’s founders and several staff have climbed their way up the property ladder, thanks in part to this year’s sharemarket listing.

Title Deeds
Revealed: Sydney’s top luxury property sales of 2025
NSW residential property
The luxury holiday rental that costs $210,000 a week
Auctions
The dad buying property for his teen and the $3.8m dump: Sydney’s wildest auctions of 2025
GOOD FOOD
Best of
Top waterfront restaurants where the food and views are equally wonderful
Recipe collection
Weekly meal planner
16 clever recipes to clear out the fridge and reset for the new year
Healthy eating
Six snacks that are healthier than you think (yes, even cheese and crackers)
Recipe collection
Substantial salads
10 light, bright salads your body is craving right now
LIFESTYLE
Margot Robbie
Princess Anne and Margot Robbie are best and barely dressed for 2025

How Jacob Elordi, Sarah Ellen and A$AP Rocky defined the year’s most notable looks.

Trends
What’s the one big standout in the health trends for 2026? We asked the experts
Mental health
Five (practical) things to do for your mental health before the end of the year
Jewellery
How this precious stone disrupted the engagement ring market 
Ageing
Can you live well – really well – past 80? Five tips from super agers
CULTURE
Streaming
New Australian drama about grief and understanding is heartfelt – and brutal

Don’t miss a local drama about grief and understanding, retro fun with Miami Vice and a South Korean survival thriller.

Pop culture
From TayTay’s wedding to skinny jeans:  Pop-culture predictions for 2026
Film
Screen legend Brigitte Bardot dies aged 91
Cinema
Small but perfectly formed: How micro-cinemas are swimming against the tide
Interview
Nina Oyama’s balancing act between naughty and nice
TRAVELLER
Air travel
A new scam is catching out airline passengers at their most distracted
Spain
This hotel is why three-star stays rule in Europe’s top cities
★★★
Ship reviews
Former P&O ship has a new name, but needs a proper makeover
Foodie travel
The 18 most underrated, and nine most overrated, things in global food
DRIVE
DRIVE
When do double demerits start?
Best new-car deals in December 2025
Honda commits to petrol engines for decades to come
FROM OUR PARTNERS
Stan
Starring Sean Bean and Jack Patten, stream Robin Hood now, only on Stan.
Stan
Bump: A Christmas Film is streaming now, only on Stan.
SPORT
NRLRUGBY UNIONCRICKETSOCCERAFLRACING
Breaking
Boxing Day Test
Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC

The MCG’s seam-friendly Boxing Day Test pitch has been assessed as “unsatisfactory” by the International Cricket Council, breaking the venue’s streak of top ratings.

20 minutes ago
Opinion
The Ashes
Bradman and co. knew toughness was part of Test cricket. Do today’s players?

Few of the players involved in the Boxing Day Test put their body on the line, gesturing, laughing and cursing as they departed as if the surface was unplayable. It was appalling.

Greg Chappell

Former Australian Test captain

The Ashes
Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne

As most of Australia’s squad took off what would have been the fourth day of the Boxing Day Test, Marnus Labuschagne was among the less than a handful of players required back on the tools in the MCG nets on Monday.

13 minutes ago
The Ashes
Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test

Will Usman Khawaja retire in Sydney? Or will he be given a tap on the shoulder in the coming months?

Analysis
NRL 2026
Less may be more as Zac Lomax prepares to chase a dream, not money

Even if he makes a successful transition to rugby union and plays for the Wallabies, the 26-year-old would almost certainly have earned more staying in the NRL.

Robert Dillon
Gender equality
Clunky, cringe and costly: Kyrgios defeats Sabalenka in Battle of the Sexes

Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios arrived on a camel, while Aryna Sabalenka made an entrance in a bedazzled overcoat for the exhibition match in Dubai on Monday.

Exclusive
Boxing Day Test
Two-day Test leaves $25 million revenue hole as MCC stands by curator

As Cricket Australia braces for a pitch fail from the International Cricket Council, its broadcast partners were on Sunday privately fuming as they count the cost of the second two-day Test of the Ashes summer.

HAVE YOUR SAY
Test your 2025 sport smarts: From Piastri’s rise to Postecoglou’s demise and Melham’s double delight

How closely were you following Australian sport in 2025? Our Year In Sport quiz will separate the contenders from the pretenders. How many questions can you answer correctly?

MORE IN SPORT
ExclusiveCRICKETTwo-day Test leaves $25 million revenue hole as MCC stands by curator
CRICKET‘This one’s going to sting’: The blunt phone call from cricket boss to the MCC amid Boxing Day disaster
AnalysisCRICKETInside the 21-minute grilling of the MCG curator and his boss
CRICKETFever pitch: Pressure builds on SCG curator to deliver after MCG debacle
TENNISMore risks and more muscle: De Minaur sets sights on Sinner, Alcaraz
SAILINGMaster Lock Comanche takes line honours in Sydney to Hobart filled with mass retirements
CRICKETThe great pace race: Inside Brett Lee’s 20-year quest to bowl 160km/h
AnalysisCRICKETWhy Australia will stick with Cameron Green … for now
FEATURED VIDEO
Premier League
Diogo Jota’s sons honoured by Liverpool fans at Anfield
RACING
Horse racing
Race-by-race preview and tips for Orange on Tuesday
Horse racing
Trainer eyes the perfect winning double to end year
Horse racing
Bayliss adds to celebrations with city double for Waterhouse-Bott team
MOST VIEWED TODAY
‘Normal, happy family’: Two dead, man charged with murder following Sydney stabbing
‘Unfathomable loss’: University of Melbourne’s vice chancellor dies at 52
Police to carry weapons ‘you haven’t seen before’ at Sydney New Year events
Dramatic arrest in Sydney Westfield after allegedly armed man flees police pursuit
‘This one’s going to sting’: The blunt phone call from cricket boss to the MCC amid Boxing Day disaster
Merivale’s pokie empire expands to Rose Bay
A new scam is catching out airline passengers at their most distracted
Six snacks that are healthier than you think (yes, even cheese and crackers)
Sydney waterfront restaurants where the food and views are equally wonderful
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
nine.com.au
Domain
Drive
EDUCATION
HSC
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Place your ad
Newsletters
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
AI Editorial Guidelines
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE