Home: Smith College | Smith College Skip to main content Search Utility Search Toggle Students Faculty & Staff Families Alums Give to Smith Smith College logo Search Toggle main Menu Discover Smith Expand Discover Smith Menu Smith in Action History & Traditions President Sarah Willie-LeBreton Visit the Campus Governance Smith at a Glance Contact Smith Academics Expand Academics Menu Departments, Programs, & Courses Our Approach To Learning Integrative Learning Our Faculty Academic Calendar Libraries Registrar Class Deans Provost/Dean of the Faculty Study Abroad Admission & Aid Expand Admission & Aid Menu Apply to Smith Visits & Programs Life After Smith: Career Outcomes Tuition & Aid for Applicants Aid for Current Students For Parents & Families For School & CBO Counselors Your Campus Expand Your Campus Menu Health & Wellness Residence Life Dining & Menus Community Offices & Services Clubs & Organizations Student Government Association Athletics & Recreation For New Students SmithArts News & Events Expand News & Events Menu Smith Today Events Arts Calendar Smith Quarterly You belong here. Apply to Smith Outcomes Your browser does not support the video tag. Play Pause The next practical step Smithies are unstoppable—even when faced with uncertainty Endless discovery See how our open curriculum fuels ideas Celebrating 150 Years Since it opened its doors in 1875, Smith has been educating women to take on the world’s toughest and most important challenges. Thanks for celebrating with us . Give to Financial Aid for Smith’s 150th Financial aid is helping Smith sustain its founding commitment to educational access. Current students call these grants “life changing,” “transformative,” and a sign that they belong at Smith. Give before the end of the year to support these determined Smithies! Donate Now More About Giving to Smith Reasons to Celebrate Smith We’re engineering a better world. “All eyes were on us,” recalls Caitlin Shea Butler ’04, one of the first graduates of Smith’s Picker Engineering Program, which was endowed by Jean Sovatkin Picker ’42 and her husband. Since that inaugural class, the number of Smith alum engineers has grown from 19 to nearly 600. Whether in AI or aerospace, they’re transforming the field—one where women still make up less than 20% of the workforce. Smith, in the Moment Stay current with all things Smith. Learn about upcoming events and peruse the news on Smith Today . Research & Inquiry Smith College Professor Andrea Moore Explores How Music Shapes Society Professor Andrea Moore’s research focuses on the power of music to create community and identity. Research & Inquiry December 17, 2025 Research & Inquiry Smith College Students Create Snake-Friendly Quarters A student-built hibernaculum at the MacLeish Field Station will help keep snakes warm in winter. Research & Inquiry December 12, 2025 News of Note Smith College and the Upside Down: The Surprising ‘Stranger Things’ Connection How one alum’s famous novel influenced season 5 of the hit show. News of Note December 19, 2025 A Culture of Curiosity Keona Edwards ’26 Engineering major; Study of Women, Gender & Sexuality minor What has surprised you the most about attending a women's college? How much more confident it has made me feel in all areas of my life. I was always too afraid to participate in dance performances in high school, but now I’m president and co-chair of two dance clubs on campus and perform multiple times each semester. I feel so much more certain in my ability to pursue what makes me happy with all of the support I receive from professors, staff, and other Smithies! Explore Clubs & Organizations Alya Mikhasiova ’28 Art major Describe a moment in class that left a lasting impression on you. I remember making a zine about my country for Sara Newland’s Comparative Politics class, and seeing people in class actively reading and discussing it. Later, the professor reached out to me, and advised me to submit my work to a zine competition. I felt seen and appreciated! View Current Courses Eleanor Wu ’26 Linguistics major; Translation Studies concentrator What is your favorite thing about Smith? The individualized education and small classes have pushed me out of my comfort zone and encouraged me to challenge myself. I think of myself as a listener who has trouble truly exchanging with others in an educational setting. Smith has taught me a different mode of learning. Our Approach to Learning Phoebe Dennison ’26 Chemistry and Spanish double major Is there a piece of advice you wish you could go back and tell yourself as a first-year? Don’t be afraid of finding new things you like and how that might change your future. Coming into Smith I felt like I knew what I wanted to do in my future or at least the main area of what I wanted my career to be in. Now, I am unsure. Through my various experiences at Smith I have realized new things I am interested in and I am thinking about how they can all fit into my future or what they mean for my career path. Resources for Students Smith College logo Smith College Smith College 10 Elm Street Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-584-2700 Footer Portal Directory Dining Menus Campus Map Give to Smith Employment Libraries Botanic Garden Museum of Art Celebrate Smith’s 150th anniversary with us! Social Navigation Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube ©
				2025
				Smith College. Meta Privacy Terms of Use Title IX Equity and Inclusion Nondiscrimination Statement Consumer Information Contact Us Experiencing an accessibility issue on a Smith web page? Please let us know.