Smithsonian Institution | Home Skip to main content Skip to main navigation heart-solid My Visit Donate Smithsonian Institution Menu Search Press Enter to activate a submenu, down arrow to access the items and Escape to close the submenu. Visit chevron-down Overview Museums and Zoo Entry and Guidelines Museum Maps Dine and Shop Accessibility Visiting with Kids Group Visits What's On chevron-down Overview Exhibitions Online Events All Events IMAX & Planetarium Explore chevron-down Overview Topics Collections Stories Podcasts Research Resources Learn chevron-down Overview For Caregivers For Educators For Students For Academics For Lifelong Learners Support Us chevron-down Overview Become a Member Renew Membership Make a Gift Volunteer About chevron-down Overview Our Organization Our Leadership Reports and Plans Newsdesk Expand Search search close Search heart-solid My Visit Donate Slideshow Celebrate the Season! Enjoy Winter Holidays with the Smithsonian arrow-right Sidedoor: A Smithsonian Podcast A Very Cold Case arrow-right Create. Imagine. Discover. Smithsonian Open Access arrow-right Renwick Gallery State Fairs: Growing American Craft arrow-right Smithsonian Homepage Welcome The Smithsonian Institution is the world's largest museum , education , and research complex. Explore , learn , and be inspired—wherever you are! Engage with the Smithsonian’s digital collections and research spanning the arts, sciences, and humanities. Start your journey Plan Your Visit View guides for the Smithsonian's 17 free Washington, D.C.–area museums and zoo —plus two museums in NYC. Admission is free at all locations except Cooper Hewitt in NYC. Find out what's on ! Plan your visit Explore our digital resources Browse Topics Art & Design arrow-right History & Culture arrow-right Science & Nature arrow-right Technology & Innovation arrow-right Search our digital records Search Featured Explore collections, stories, and research from across the Smithsonian. Smithsonian Collection Spotlight Happy New Year! arrow-right How do you like to bring in the New Year? Looking back at New Years past. Smithsonian Story The Top Smithsonian Science Stories of 2025 arrow-right The Smithsonian advanced our knowledge of the universe on scales big and small in 2025. Smithsonian Commemoration Our Shared Future: 250 arrow-right Explore events and exhibitions honoring America’s 250th that will take place in 2025 and 2026 across the Smithsonian. National Museum of American History Y2K Countdown arrow-right How would computer programs interpret “00” when the date changed to the year 2000? National Museum of American History Edison's New Year's Eve Lamp arrow-right Thomas Edison opened a new era when he lit up his Menlo Park laboratory for New Year’s Eve in 1879. National Museum of African American History and Culture Happy Kwanzaa arrow-right Created in 1966, Kwanzaa is an African American and Pan-African holiday that celebrates history, values, family, community, and culture. Smithsonian Story How Do You Photograph a Single Snowflake? arrow-right More than 100 years ago, Wilson A. Bentley was the first person to capture an individual snowflake. Smithsonian Story Is Your Dog a Little Wolfy? arrow-right Dogs and wolves living today derive from a shared ancient wolf population that lived alongside woolly mammoths. Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage Foodways of Holidays arrow-right Folklife Magazine shares winter holiday recipes that are dear to their families and communities. Smithsonian Open Access Digital Backgrounds arrow-right Put yourself in the scene! Download high-res images to use as your video meeting or desktop background. Around the Smithsonian Mysteries of the Universe arrow-right Starting with solar studies in 1890, the Smithsonian has been exploring questions spanning from our atmosphere to deep space. Smithsonian Collection Spotlight Holiday Cards arrow-right Open up these seasonal greetings that span more than a century. Sidedoor Podcast The Smithsonian's flagship podcast sneaks you through the side door to learn the stories you won't find anywhere else. Sidedoor Podcast A Very Merry Sidedoor arrow-right Sidedoor tracks down the origins of some puzzling Christmastime traditions. Sidedoor Podcast Auld Lang What? arrow-right Learn what "auld lang syne” really means and how it's connected to Charlie Chaplin. Sidedoor Podcast The Curse of the Hope Diamond arrow-right We track the lore of this notorious gem through the centuries. Sidedoor Podcast The 'Gentle Anarchy' of the Muppets arrow-right Conserving the history of Jim Henson's Muppets. Discover more Sidedoor episodes arrow-right Membership Friends of the Smithsonian help the Smithsonian thrive. Every membership includes a subscription to the award-winning Smithsonian magazine, shopping discounts, and so much more! Learn how you can join us today arrow-right Shop arrow-right Your purchase helps the Smithsonian bring exciting learning experiences to everyone. Magazine arrow-right Smithsonian magazine places a Smithsonian lens on the world. Channel arrow-right Award-winning programming exploring science, nature, history, and pop culture. Travel arrow-right Over 350 tours and cruises to all seven continents. Let the journey begin. arrow-up Back to top Sign up for Smithsonian e-news arrow-right Close Facebook facebook Instagram instagram LinkedIn linkedin YouTube youtube Contact Us Get Involved Shop Online Job Opportunities Equal Opportunity Inspector General Records Requests Accessibility Host Your Event Press Room Privacy Terms of Use