Smithsonian Magazine: Explore History, Science, Arts & Culture Skip to main content Search Shop Newsletters Renew Give a Gift Subscribe Membership i Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Sections Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel At the Smithsonian More from Smithsonian magazine Newsletters Photo Contest Podcast Videos Our Partners Smithsonian Store Smithsonian Journeys Subscribe to Smithsonian magazine and get a FREE tote. Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel At the Smithsonian Science Don’t Miss These Ten Celestial Events in 2026, From Aligned Planets to a Total Solar Eclipse The upcoming year will offer a blood-red moon, spectacular meteor showers and the first glimpse of the sun’s corona since April 2024 Carlyn Kranking Smart News This Wild Cat Is Considered ‘Possibly Extinct’ in Thailand. Researchers Just Caught It on Camera for the First Time in About 30 Years December 30, 2025 8:00 a.m. Smithsonian Magazine Uncover Past Secrets Subscribe Smart News After Living Alongside Humans for Millennia, These Italian Brown Bears Have Evolved to Become Less Aggressive December 30, 2025 9:55 a.m. This Wild Cat Is Considered ‘Possibly Extinct’ in Thailand. Researchers Just Caught It on Camera for the First Time in About 30 Years December 30, 2025 8:00 a.m. These Urban Birds Evolved Longer Beaks During Covid-19 Lockdowns. Then, They Changed Back December 29, 2025 Archaeologists Are Using Lasers to Clean Decades of Grime Off a Towering 1,800-Year-Old Marble Column in Rome December 29, 2025 Some Ants Sacrifice Stronger Exoskeletons for Larger Colonies, Which May Help Them Take Over New Environments December 29, 2025 More Smart News Latest Features Science ‘Excitement With a Little Dash of Fear’: Polar Plunges Ring in the New Year With a Splash. But What Actually Happens to Your Body? December 31, 2025 7:00 a.m. Science Don’t Miss These Ten Celestial Events in 2026, From Aligned Planets to a Total Solar Eclipse December 30, 2025 8:30 a.m. Innovation Eight Fascinating Scientific Discoveries From 2025 That Could Lead to New Inventions December 30, 2025 8:00 a.m. History Seventy-Two Fascinating Finds Revealed in 2025, From a Luxury Spa in Pompeii to a Pair of World War I Messages in a Bottle December 29, 2025 History Ten Top Smithsonian Stories of 2025, From Eerie Clay Puppets With Detachable Heads to a New Look at the American Revolution December 26, 2025 History A Forgotten Louisa May Alcott Story Showcases the Author’s Twist on Charles Dickens’ ‘A Christmas Carol’ December 24, 2025 Stay Up to Date Get the latest from Smithsonian magazine in your inbox. Daily: Get the latest stories delivered to your inbox every weekday. Travel & Culture: A bi-weekly newsletter bringing you thought-provoking perspectives on art, culture and exciting destinations. History: A bi-weekly newsletter sharing new discoveries, fascinating stories and enhanced understandings of our past. Science: A monthly newsletter bringing you the most interesting new research on wildlife, the environment, space, psychology, paleo history and beyond. At the Smithsonian: Stay connected to new research, exhibits and fascinating stories stemming from the collections of your favorite Smithsonian museums. Email Powered by Salesforce Marketing Cloud ( Privacy Notice / Terms & Conditions ) Uncovering the past. Understanding the present. Informing the future. Subscribe Give a Gift Renew December 2025 Science Gimme Shelter Best Friends Animal Society has a sprawling campus in the canyons of Utah, but its influence has grown to reach almost every shelter in the country History The Lost City of the Silk Road Researchers are uncovering what they think is the metropolis of Marsmanda, an iron-making city that could rewrite the history of the famed trade route History A Grand New Design A train wreck that caused the death of more than a dozen commuters near the turn of the 20th century was the impetus behind a monumental project that changed the urban landscape More from the Current Issue Smithsonian Voices National Museum of American History What Five Objects Can Tell Us About the Life of Filipino Americans in the Early 20th Century Smithsonian Center for Folklife & Cultural Heritage Top Five Folklife Stories of 2025 National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute How Human Health Technology Is Improving Orangutan Welfare at the National Zoo National Museum of the American Indian How Native Americans Are Celebrating the Holiday Season With Festive Meals, Public Service and Cherished Traditions National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute Small Stories, Big Science: 2025 in Review at the Smithsonian’s Conservation Biology Institute National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute The Animal Care Stories That Shaped 2025 at the Smithsonian’s National Zoo National Museum of Natural History For 25 Years, the Smithsonian’s Global Volcanism Program Has Kept Weekly Tabs on Volcanic Eruptions Around the World. Here’s How They Do It Smithsonian Books Smithsonian Books That Make Perfect Gifts for Everyone National Museum of American History New Exhibits and Programs for the New Year at the National Museum of American History National Museum of Natural History What Do You Get a Museum That Has Almost Everything for the Holidays? One of the Most Spectacular Dome-Headed Dinosaur Skulls Ever Unearthed More Smithsonian Voices Most Popular History Seventy-Two Fascinating Finds Revealed in 2025, From a Luxury Spa in Pompeii to a Pair of World War I Messages in a Bottle Smart News Archaeologists Are Using Lasers to Clean Decades of Grime Off a Towering 1,800-Year-Old Marble Column in Rome Smart News After Living Alongside Humans for Millennia, These Italian Brown Bears Have Evolved to Become Less Aggressive Science Don’t Miss These Ten Celestial Events in 2026, From Aligned Planets to a Total Solar Eclipse Smart News Can You Read This Cursive Handwriting? The National Archives Wants Your Help Special Report America’s 250th Anniversary To mark the 250th anniversary of America’s founding on July 4, 1776, Smithsonian magazine is highlighting the people, places and events that shaped the United States’ fight for independence from Great Britain View Full Report Featured Stories History This Forgotten Founding Father Hoped to ‘Die Up to My Knees in Blood’ in the Fight for American Independence. He Got His Wish History Discover Patrick Henry’s Legacy, Beyond His Revolutionary ‘Give Me Liberty or Give Me Death’ Speech History These Daring Revolutionary-Era Artists Promoted the Patriot Cause From the Heart of Enemy Territory Photo of the Day High Hills Creek By Jaden O'Farrell Get the Photo of the Day directly to your inbox daily. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Sign Up Smithsonian Videos 10 Fun Facts About Jellyfish The Ultimate Skywatching Guide for Every Season 10 Enchanting Butterfly Facts Revealed! More Videos Podcast Smithsonian Podcast: There’s More to That Smithsonian magazine covers history, science and culture in the way only it can — through a lens on the world that is insightful and grounded in richly reported stories. In There’s More to That, meet the magazine’s journalists and hear how they discover the forces behind the biggest issues of our time. Listen In Latest Episodes The Foods and Flavors That Make Our Holidays Delicious December 18, 2025 | 33 minutes The Astronomical Problem of Space Junk December 4, 2025 | 26 minutes Why Are There So Many Shipwrecks in the Great Lakes? November 20, 2025 | 32 minutes The ‘Edmund Fitzgerald’ Sank Half a Century Ago. We’re Still Fascinated. November 6, 2025 | 28 minutes History How Marty Reisman, the Real-Life Inspiration Behind ‘Marty Supreme,’ Revolutionized the Sport of Table Tennis A new film starring Timothée Chalamet as a fictionalized version of Reisman dramatizes the career of a larger-than-life champion December 22, 2025 She Protested School Segregation as a Teenager. Now She’s Being Honored With a Statue at the U.S. Capitol December 22, 2025 Pompeii’s Graffiti Captures Every Joke, Boast and Argument of an Ancient Roman City Frozen in Time December 17, 2025 More History Science Don’t Miss These Ten Celestial Events in 2026, From Aligned Planets to a Total Solar Eclipse The upcoming year will offer a blood-red moon, spectacular meteor showers and the first glimpse of the sun’s corona since April 2024 December 30, 2025 8:30 a.m. The Top Ten Dinosaur Discoveries of 2025, From Preserved Blood Vessels to the Return of a Short King December 23, 2025 The Ten Most Significant Science Stories of 2025, From Medical Breakthroughs to an Interstellar Visitor December 19, 2025 More Science Innovation The High-Stakes Quest to Make Snakebites Survivable Took Leaps Forward This Year, With Promising New Avenues to Safer Antivenoms A wave of fresh science is challenging a century-old treatment and offering hope to the people snakebites harm most—often far from hospitals and help December 16, 2025 Two College Students Are Building a Robot to Replant Burned Forests November 25, 2025 A New Way to Boost the Powerhouses of the Cell Might Combat Aging and Degenerative Diseases, Lab Study Suggests December 22, 2025 More Innovation Travel The Oldest Restaurant in the World Just Turned 300 Years Old Madrid’s Sobrino de Botín is filled with legends, ghosts and priceless art. The food is pretty good, too December 22, 2025 Take Flight With These 20 Awe-Inspiring Aviation Images Updated: December 19, 2025 | Originally Published: November 22, 2024 The Ten Best Books About Travel of 2025 December 10, 2025 More Travel Arts & Culture A Famed Street Photographer Chronicled What Christmas Looks Like Across America Over the Course of Decades Lee Friedlander’s new book, “Christmas,” collects his work from all over the country on the topic of our sentimental and materialistic connection to the holiday December 2025 Watch the Record-Breaking Auction of This Gustav Klimt Portrait, Which Just Became the Second Most Expensive Painting Ever Sold November 20, 2025 Even If You’ve Never Seen ‘Seven Samurai,’ You’ve Certainly Seen Movies Influenced by It December 2025 More Arts & Culture At the Smithsonian Recovered Steamer Trunks Reveal the Overlooked Histories of Filipino American Farm Workers in the Early 20th Century The artifacts serve as time capsules for an entire generation of “manong” workers and they’re now displayed at the National Museum of American History December 23, 2025 See 14 of the National Zoo’s Most Adorable Giant Panda Photos From 2025 December 15, 2025 Disney Was in Distress During the Late 1940s. Then ‘Cinderella’ Came to the Rescue and Saved the Company From Financial Disaster December 17, 2025 More At the Smithsonian Follow Us Explore Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel At the Smithsonian Photo Contest Podcast Video Subscription Subscribe Give a gift Renew Manage My Account Newsletters Sign Up About About Us Advertising Contact Us Content Licensing FAQ Feedback Internships & Employment Member Services Smithsonian Institution Staff Our Partners Smithsonian.com Smithsonian Store Smithsonian Journeys Smithsonian Channel Smithsonian Books Smithsonian Membership © 2025 Smithsonian Magazine Privacy Statement [5/20/25] Cookie Policy [5/20/25] Terms of Use Advertising Notice Your Privacy Rights Cookie Settings