Smokeball | Best Legal Practice Management Software Legal Resources AI Resource Hub Blog Case Studies CLEs & Webinars eBooks & Guides Hacking Law Firm Success News Articles Product Updates Smokeball Community Billable Hours Efficiency Calculator Company About Us Why Smokeball Referral Program Careers Philanthropy, Inclusion & Equity Reviews Client Login Features Practice Areas Pricing Integrations Book a demo Features Expect more from your legal practice management software with Smokeball's advanced legal features. Available now: Smokeball AI Be one of the first to harness the effortless power of AI. Smokeball AI Archie AI Matter Assistant Legal Billing and Trust Accounting Legal Billing Software Smokeball Payments Trust Accounting Smart Case Management AutoTime Automatic Time Tracking Calendaring Client Portal Email Management Legal Workflow Software Microsoft Integrations TemplateLab Intake and Onboarding Electronic Signatures Email Integrations​ FamilyPro Intake​ Dashboards and Reporting Reporting and Firm Insights Award Winning Client Support Practice Areas No matter what you practice, Smokeball will transform your firm and business like no other law firm software. Available now: Smokeball AI Be one of the first to harness the effortless power of AI. Business Law Software Estate Planning Legal Software Criminal Law Software Personal Injury Law Software Family Law Software Probate Law Software General Practice Software Real Estate Law Software Guardianship Law Software Civil Litigation Software Workers’ Comp Law Software Features Practice Areas Pricing Integrations Legal Resources Company Book a demo Features Smokeball AI Legal Billing and Trust Accounting Smart Case Management Intake and Onboarding Dashboard and Reporting Award Winning Client Support View Features Book a demo Practice Areas Business Law Software Estate Planing Legal Software Criminal Law Software General Practice Software Real Estate Law Software Guardianship Law Software Civil Litigation Software Workers' Compensation Software View Practice Areas Book a demo Legal Resources AI Resource Hub Blog Case Studies CLEs and Webinars eBooks & Guides Hacking Law Firm Success News Articles Product Updates Smokeball Community Book a demo Company About Us Why Smokeball Referral Program Careers Philanthropy, Inclusion & Equity Reviews Book a demo Smokeball AI Archie AI Matter Assistant View Smokeball AI Book a demo Legal Billing and Trust Accoun... Legal Billing Software Smokeball Payments Trust Accounting View Legal Billing and Trust Accounting Book a demo Smart Case Management AutoTime Automatic Time Tracking Calendaring Client Portal Email Management Legal Workflow Software Microsoft Integrations TemplateLab View Smart Case Management Book a demo Intake and Onboarding Intake Email Integrations​ Electronic Signatures View Intake and Onboarding Book a demo Dashboard and Reporting Reporting + Firm Insights View Dashboards and Reporting Book a demo 👋 Hello! It looks like you're visiting from the US. Do you want to visit our American site ? 👋 Hello! It looks like you're visiting from the UK. Do you want to visit our UK site ? 👋 Hello! It looks like you're visiting from Australia. Do you want to visit our Australian site ? × Smokeball Legal Practice ‍Management Software Run Your Best Firm, Build Your Best Life Eliminate administrative tasks and focus on high-value work. Get the industry-leading legal practice management software and support that empowers you to run a more profitable, organized law firm and attract your ideal clients. Get Pricing Get Smokeball Overview Don't miss out – register today for Smokeball's FREE CLE AI Series Smokeball AI has arrived. The only AI-powered legal practice management software platform boosting your productivity, featuring automatic time tracking, document automation, and billing. Find out more The legal software you need to run a more profitable, organized firm Experience Smokeball Start now Boost your profits by 34% Smokeball helps you focus on your most valuable matters and bill what you’re worth. Calculate your ROI Smokeball AI - Supercharge your practice Take your firm's productivity to the next level with Smokeball AI. Learn more Rely on 20k+ legal forms Our growing library of automated forms in multiple jurisdictions cover 250 plus matter types. See for yourself The Legal Software You Need to Run a More Profitable, Organized Firm Make a great first impression Communicate with prospects and onboard new clients to your firm quickly and professionally. Effortlessly manage your leads. Keep up regular communication with potential clients while tracking your wins and losses. Breeze through the onboarding process. Quickly run conflict checks, estimate the value of your cases and get to work! Learn more about intake and onboarding Power your firm with AI With your data stored within Smokeball, our beautifully integrated native Smokeball AI tools help you get more done in less time. Smokeball AI, and your new matter assistant Archie , allow you to leverage the power of centralised data and automation to turbo charge your day. Learn more about Smokeball AI One platform for your entire firm Stay organized and get more work done in less time. Smokeball makes it easy, with world-class case management software, intuitive workflows and smart features built for your area of law. Automatically capture every billable minute. Smokeball tracks all your time spent working in our case management software, and Microsoft Word and Outlook. Save time filling time sheets and focus on practicing law. Quickly find + fill your documents. Pull from Smokeball’s library of 20,000+ automated forms (and add your own), then populate matter details in seconds. Enjoy unmatched accuracy — and hours of saved time. Keep all your cases on track. Smokeball’s cloud-based system organizes every detail of every matter — documents, emails, contacts and calendar events. The information your team needs is just a click away. Learn more about legal case management Billing that values your hard work Put your firm’s profitability at the forefront. Smokeball’s flexible billing & legal accounting software helps you bill what you’re worth — while remaining compliant. ​ Never miss another billable minute. Firms who pair Smokeball’s billing features with our automatic time tracking increase their annual billable time by an additional $135,000 per fee earner, on average. Bill the way that works for your firm. Build and send custom invoices, and collect online payments with ease. Whether you work on fixed-fee, hourly, contingency, LEDES or a mix, Smokeball helps you get paid faster. Take the stress out of trust + client retainers. Enjoy the peace of mind that comes with built-in compliance. Detailed records and reports separate your client funds from your firm’s office account.​ Learn more about billing and trust accounting The data to drive your firm’s future Harness the power of your data with Smokeball’s Law Firm Insights. Actionable reporting into your cases, clients and opportunities make it easier to run a smarter, more organized firm. Your entire firm, at a glance. Access all the details you need to build and track your firm’s goals in one place, from matter-type profitability to referral revenue to your staff’s time and activities. Improve your financial health. Quickly review your most profitable clients and profitability — then confidently adjust your fees and focus areas. Take your team to the next level. Gain a top-down view into how your firm spends its time. You’ll identify high performers and opportunities for improvement while planning caseloads more effectively. Learn more about dashboards and reporting Explore all our features Archie AI Matter Assistant Legal Calendaring Software Trust Accounting Software Legal Billing Software Intake Email Management TemplateLab Legal Reporting Software Email Integrations Client Portal AutoTime Automatic Time Tracking Software Automated Legal Forms Library Trusted by 20,000+ lawyers worldwide And the feeling is mutual. Law firms like yours agree — Smokeball is the best cloud practice management software on the market. Smokeball has been a complete game changer. We went from everything being on paper to having attorneys all over the United States. Everyone has access to everything and each other. It’s like we’re all in the same office. Kristie Giesenschlag, Paralegal Read more There’s no question that having Smokeball is absolutely a catalyst to being able to achieve our goals. It’s making life pretty much as easy as possible. R.J. Curcio, Attorney Read more I honestly don't know how we ever lived without it. Amazing practice management; fabulous support; and the integration with our Court's e-filing system makes everything so easy. The case workflows are life changing. Genie Gillespie, Attorney Read more Fully customized for your area of law Family Law Learn more Real Estate Learn more Personal Injury Learn more Business Law Civil Litigation Criminal Law Estate Planning Family Law General Practice Guardianship Law Personal Injury Probate Real Estate Workers' Compensation See All Practice Areas Turn manual work that once took days into minutes. Automatic time tracking lets you bill more accurately with a fraction of the effort. Seamless integrations with Microsoft Word and Outlook Our prebuilt library of 20,000+ legal forms Identify business opportunities through powerful insights and reporting Build a healthier, more profitable business every time you use our case management software. Email * This field is required. First Name * This field is required. Last Name Phone Number * This field is required. Firm Name* This field is required. Firm Size (Employees) * Firm Size (Number of Users) 1 - 2 users 3 - 9 users 10+ users This field is required. Send me sweet offers Your personal data will be kept confidential. By sharing your phone number, you agree to receive promotional messages and/or phone calls from Smokeball. Consent is not a condition of purchase. View our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service for more information. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. A platform designed for growth Level up your firm when you connect Smokeball to your favorite tools. Visit the Smokeball Integrations Marketplace Award-winning onboarding and support Learn More Change region AU About Smokeball AI Resource Hub Bar Associations Careers Company Leadership Team Pricing Referral Program Reviews Why Smokeball? Products Company For solos & startups 1-3 Grow & Prosper For larger firms 4+ Features Document & Email Management eSignatures New Intake Time, Fee & Expense Tracking View all Features Area of Law Criminal Law Estate Planning Family Law General Practice Personal Injury Law Real Estate Law View all Areas of Law Resources Billable Hours Efficiency Calculator Blog Case Studies CLEs & Webinars Community eBooks Marketing Your Law Firm Referral Program Starting a Law Firm Support Customer Support Support Hub Privacy Security Terms © 2025 Smokeball, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Features Automatic Time Tracking Document Automation Email Management Legal Billing Software Reporting and Firm Insights See all features Practice Areas Personal Injury Family Law Estate Planning Real Estate Litigation See all practice areas Legal Resources Blog CLEs and Webinars eBooks & Guides Hacking Law Firm Success News Articles Product Updates Smokeball Community Billable Hours Efficiency Calculator Support Support Hub Software Requirements Sitemap Download Smokeball Contact Us Company About Us Why Smokeball Referral Program Careers Philanthropy, Inclusion & Equity Reviews Bar Associations © 2025 Smokeball, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The SMOKEBALL and S logo marks are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Privacy Policy Terms of Service (866) 934-9062 Join the Smokeball conversation.