Smoothwall | Education | Digital Safeguarding Solutions All countries and languages Corporate (English) Australia (English) Europe (English) New Zealand/Aotearoa (English) North America (English) Spain (Español) United Kingdom (English) About Us Smoothwall's Mission We are working to advance child digital safety and wellbeing to a level no one could have imagined just a few years ago. Click right to find out more. Our Qoria story Our reach Our impact Why us Our new look Solutions Smoothwall Solutions We provide the most comprehensive suite of student digital safety and wellbeing solutions in the world. They are aligned to the three most fundamental health and safety pillars. Prevention & Enablement Early Detection & Intervention Education & Engagement Click right to take a closer look. Solutions overview Prevention and Enablement Filter Cloud Filter Hybrid Filter Firewall Classwize Early Detection and Intervention Monitor Cloud Scan Pulse Record Manager Education and Engagement Online Safety Hub Qustodio Parental App Training & Consultancy Resource Centre Smoothwall Resources We strive to ensure that those responsible for the digital safety and wellbeing of children in UK education have access to the latest knowledge and insights to succeed in their mission. Click right to learn more. Blog Articles Whitepapers Case Studies Events & Webinars Key Topics in Safeguarding Digital Monitoring and Web Filtering [NEW] AI and Student Digital Safety Digital Monitoring in Further Education For You Partners Support Get a quote/demo Get a quote/demo All countries and languages Corporate (English) Australia (English) Europe (English) New Zealand/Aotearoa (English) North America (English) Spain (Español) United Kingdom (English) Hello: Welcome to Smoothwall Read our story Our purpose Smoothwall exists to help keep children safe and thriving in their digital lives. We do it by supporting and empowering them, and those who care for them - in school, at home and everywhere in between. ____ Our digital safety and wellbeing solutions are the most comprehensive in the world. One in three schools rely on them to help safeguard tens of thousands of children in the UK every single day. Dedicated to UK education for over 20 years Deep collaboration with our IT customers, and in more recent years with leaders and DSLs too, helps shape everything we do. We value their connection like nothing else. none of us is as powerful as all of us 27 million children are supported by Smoothwall and our Qoria businesses around the world, every day. 32,000+ schools globally provide better student digital safety and wellbeing support because of Smoothwall and our Qoria businesses. 8 million parents have greater visibility and control of their child's online behaviours and screen time. Our solutions Our solutions support every member of the school community. They also harmonise into a Digital Safety and Wellbeing Framework. It gives leaders a practical roadmap to help elevate and strengthen provision in a more manageable way. Prevention & Enablement  |  Early Detection & Intervention  |  Education & Engagement Prevention & Enablement Filter Unparalleled, real-time filtering. Designed from the ground up for UK education. Trusted by 1 in 3 schools. Learn more > Cloud Filter The cloud filter that's 100% real-time, all of the time. Protecting students at school, at home and everywhere in between. Learn more > Hybrid Filter The safest, most secure hybrid filter in UK education. Combines the pioneering benefits of our on-premise Filter with the flexibility of the cloud. Learn more > Firewall Provides unified threat management. Combines with Smoothwall Filter for a complete all-in-one protection package. Learn more > Early Detection & Intervention Monitor Real-time, human-moderated monitoring that alerts designated staff to students suspected of becoming vulnerable. Learn more > Pulse Gives students a channel to speak up and schools a way to spot those in need - in just 60 seconds a week. Learn more > Record Manager Allows schools to electronically record child protection issues and safeguarding incidents all in one place. One of the most reliable, trustworthy solutions available. Learn more > Education & Engagement Online Safety Hub A dedicated resource to help schools and parents have better conversations with children about online safety. Learn more > Parental app An all-in-one solution to help parents keep their child’s screen time safe and balanced. Learn more > Training & Consultancy Helping and guiding leaders, DSLs, governors and parents towards digital safety excellence. Learn more > What our customers say I've used Smoothwall for a long time. I used to see them as a vendor. I now see them as a partner when it comes to the digital safety and wellbeing of our students. Customer IT Manager, Hipperholme Grammar School Who we work with We’re very proud of the schools we support. They share our passion for relentlessly pursuing safe and supportive digital environments in which every child can thrive. We are partners - in every sense. Registered Office Smoothwall Ltd Second Floor 2 Whitehall Quay Leeds LS1 4HR United Kingdom Phone: 0800 047 8191 Email: enquiries@smoothwall.com Company number: 4298247 VAT number: GB 282 7111 11 Useful Links About Qoria Ethical Practices Investors Careers Trust Centre Media Enquiries Customer Support Contact Us Legal Information Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Accessibility Cookies Policy Modern Slavery Policy Follow Us Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube © 2025 Smoothwall Limited. All rights reserved. Smoothwall Limited is part of the Qoria family