Yotpo: Ecommerce Marketing Platform For Loyalty & Reviews Products Our Products Reviews & UGC Collect and display customer content across the buyer journey Loyalty & Referrals Create custom-tailored loyalty and referral programs Spotlight Reviews Translations Go global with the reviews you already have and boost conversion with Yotpo translations Learn more Explore More Integrations Product releases Yotpo AI Integrations Learn more Product Releases Discover the latest innovations in Yotpo Reviews & Loyalty See what's new Customers Our Customers Case Studies Learn how the best brands in eCommerce have found success with Yotpo Customer Success Meet the team that ensures you get the most out of Yotpo Pricing Resources Learn Resources Hub Learn how to drive retention rates through the roof Ebooks & Guides Deep dive into all the essential topics about growth and retention Yotpo Blog Get the latest news and insights from the team at Yotpo Highlights BFCM Behavior Report: Reveal 4 Shopper Personas Access now Your edge in AI and eCommerce starts here Become a Yotpo Affiliate & earn for every referral The world doesn’t need another boring points program Learn how reviews and AI are shaping shopper decisions Connect Contact Us Help Center Become a Partner Careers Log in Get a demo Products Our Products Reviews & UGC Loyalty & Referrals Explore More Integrations Product releases Yotpo AI Customers Case Studies Customer Success Pricing Resources Learn Resources Hub Ebooks & Guides Yotpo Blog Highlights commerceGPT Affiliate Program The New Rules of Loyalty To buy or not to buy Connect Contact Us Help Center Become a Partner Careers Get a demo Don't Miss Out On Revenue Growth Your marketing solutions should work for you. Drive more revenue with best-in-class solutions for Loyalty and Reviews. Your browser does not support the video tag. Reviews & UGC Enhance your site with AI-driven displays of quality reviews and customizable galleries. Explore more Loyalty & Referrals Motivate customers with rewards and turn them into brand advocates. Explore more Don’t just take our word for it. Meet our brands. 38% Increase in sales from Repeat Customers “Loyalty metrics have become a key part of shaping all our strategies. Any time we plan new marketing efforts, for example, we always ask: how does this fit with loyalty?” Jared Grawrock, Head Lifecycle & Retention Marketing Read more +25k 5-star reviews and an above average order-to-review conversion rate "Brooklinen wouldn't be what it is without our customers, and we need to know how they feel about us so we can create better, more positive experiences." Jack Lorentzen, Senior Associate at Brooklinen Read more 65% Increase in AOV per user “Loyalty offers a new way to engage our customers. Instead of discounts, we communicate that they’ve already earned $20 off—highlighting rewards and creating a new way to connect with our customer base". Leanne Chan, Sr. Director, CRM & Loyalty Read more +8X ROI from loyalty and 44% increase in AOV from loyalty members "The performance of RevRewards was better than what we modeled. Look at the LTV for the best customers; members are shopping nearly four times a year." Sally Minto, Digital Director at Revolution Beauty Read more 112% Increase in AOV “Customer reviews are invaluable. As a brand, we know so much more about our products and what the customers want.” Kim Zorn, Global Performance Director Read more +56% of all sales are from engaged shoppers who have interacted with reviews "Yotpo has been vital in understanding, do people like this product? Are they engaging with this product in the way that we want them to?" Tom Montgomery, Co-founder & CMO at Chubbies Read more Marketing that actually moves the needle YOUR GOALS BROUGHT TO LIFE Turn clicks to customers Build brand loyalty Create shoppers for life Boost Purchases with Strategic Reviews Drive conversion by surfacing insights that matter most to buyers, right when they need them. Get a demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Capture More Content Gather higher quality reviews to help shoppers make purchase decisions. Leverage AI Surface common themes with AI summaries to help shoppers decide. Speak to everyone Remove shopper friction with reviews in every language. Experiences that make shoppers come back Create thoughtful, personalized touchpoints that turn one-time buyers into repeat customers. Get a demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Increase CLTV Encourage customers to earn points with 20+ out of the box campaigns. Your brand, your way Create experiences true to your brand with versatile rewards & earning rules. Connected commerce Engage in-store and online with wallet passes, receipt scanning, and more. Turn customers into lifelong advocates Create lifelong brand fans that advocate for your brand and drive growth. Get a demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Retain shoppers Offer rewards to retain loyal reviewers and grow review volume. Connect at key times Drive urgency, celebrate milestones, and notify members across SMS & Email tools. Drive referrals Let 5-star reviewers and brand fans drive new customer acquisition. 180+ integrations to unify your martech Yotpo plays well with all your favorites. With built-in integrations and flexible APIs, it’s easy to connect your tools, sync your data, and scale your stack for growth. Learn how Read the latest from Yotpo Yotpo Unlocked See our latest feature innovations in Reviews & Loyalty. Explore what's new The New Rules of Loyalty Retention reimagined for the modern shopper. Explore now To Buy or Not to Buy? A data-driven look at how reviews and AI are shaping shopper decisions Read the report Don't Miss Out On Revenue Growth Products Reviews & UGC Loyalty & Referrals Pricing Product Releases Hub Company About Yotpo Contact us Careers Request a Demo Customer Success Resources Resources Blog Integrations Use Cases Amazing Women in eCommerce Insights New eCommerce Glossary Loyalty Program Software Shopify Reviews App Shopify Loyalty App Tools Profit Margin Calculator Barcode Generator Invoice Generator Review Calculator UTM Builder New Partnerships Become a Partner Agency Partner Program Build an Integration Commission Board Affiliate program Compare Yotpo vs Loyalty Lion Yotpo vs Okendo Yotpo vs PowerReviews Yotpo vs BazaarVoice Yotpo vs Reviews.io Yotpo vs Rivo Support Contact Support Help Center Connect with an Agency Accessibility Statement API Documentation API Changelog Yotpo Status FAQs Don't Miss Out On Revenue Growth Inside CommerceGPT The newsletter for eComm leaders navigating the shift to AI. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Security Website Terms of Use Cookie Settings Accessibility 30 min demo Don't postpone your growth Fill out the form today and discover how Yotpo can elevate your retention game in a quick demo. Your information will be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy This will take just a moment… We're finding the right person on our team to help your brand! “Yotpo is a fundamental part of our recommended tech stack.” Laura Doonin, Commercial Director YOTPO POWERS THE WORLD'S FASTEST-GROWING BRANDS 30 min demo Don't postpone your growth Join a free demo, personalized to fit your needs Get the best pricing plan to maximize your growth See how Yotpo's multi-solutions can boost sales Watch our platform in action & the impact it makes 30K+ Growing brands trust Yotpo