Live Chat Software For Sales & Support - Chatbots & Live Chat Skip to content SnapEngage by TeamSupport Messaging and Live Chat for B2B Customer Support Primary Menu Solutions Sales Capture, qualify, and convert more leads. Customer Service Transform your customer engagement experience. Healthcare Chat with patients in a HIPAA-compliant way. Ready to get started? Launch your SnapEngage experience today. SIGN UP Platform Integrations Integrate SnapEngage with your CRM or help desk. Omnichannel Connect with visitors wherever they are. Security & Privacy Keep your business secure, private, and compliant. Reporting & Analytics Make data-driven decisions and optimize live chat ROI. Chatbots & Automation Accelerate your business with bot-forward solutions. Design Studio Seamlessly match your brand. Not sure which plan is right for you? We offer a variety of plans and features to meet your unique needs. VIEW PRICING Services Pricing Partners Resources Blog Read our customer engagement tips and best practices. Company Learn more about the humans behind SnapEngage. Help Center View our library of product support articles. Partnerships Incorporate the benefits of chat into your client offering. E-Books Access SnapEngage’s educational and informative content. Careers Help us transform the way people communicate. Have some questions? We're here to help. Schedule time with our live chat experts to learn more about driving sales and customer satisfaction with TeamSupport. GET A QUOTE LOG IN Experts in chat + experts in support = customer success. SnapEngage has joined forces with TeamSupport. We invite you to join us on our next chapter as we build the future of client engagement. Learn more. Beyond Live Chat Conversation and Chatbot technology for exceptional experiences Get Started Now Live Chat AI-Powered Features Integrations Pick your plan Amplify your sales Enable your sales team to engage, qualify and convert more leads! Our responsive, goal-driven live chat empowers qualified leads to take the next step and convert. Real-world sales results Using our conversation platform, our sales clients are able to engage with customers in a more efficient, incredibly conversion-friendly way. 0 % increase in Q/Q growth 0 % chat-to-opportunity rate average Learn More Retain more customers SnapEngage boosts customer satisfaction and reduces your cost-per-interaction. Real-world support results SnapEngage allows our support clients to deliver answers to their customer’s needs in a way that provides immediate satisfaction and improved CSAT! 0 % increase in CSAT after enabling Tweet-to-Chat 0 % reduction in email volume Learn More Engage smarter Adaptable and intelligently designed, our live chat platform features: Automation Get started right out of the box, or customize your workflow with mapping and unlimited fields. Automatically synchronize leads and contacts with your CRM or help desk. Proactively engage leads based on advanced rules and triggers, or use our bot technology to provide immediate responses when live agents aren’t available. Various bots available: Info-Capture Bot, Guide Bot, Answer Bot, Bot API Omnichannel Experience Engage with prospects wherever they are! SnapEngage integrates with SMS-to-Chat, Tweet-to-Chat, Facebook Messenger, and WeChat. Learn More Client Success Our award-winning technical support team is there for you every step of the way! We’ll partner with you to ensure successful implementation, making sure you and your team are getting the most out of everything we offer. Ongoing client success reviews give you access to our expertise, ensuring you’re achieving your business goals with SnapEngage. Custom Design HIPAA Compliance Reporting and Analytics Security and Privacy Explore Platform Add live chat, bots, and more Transform your customer engagement with our award winning conversational platform. Drive lead conversion, retention, and customer satisfaction. Find out how SnapEngage by TeamSupport Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram Contact Sales (800) 596-2820 Solutions Sales Customer Service Healthcare White Label Reseller Platform Integrations Omnichannel Security & Privacy Reporting & Analytics Design Studio Services Pricing Partners Resources Blog Help Center Company Careers Login Privacy Policy Terms of Service ADA Accessibility ©2025 SnapEngage All rights reserved. WordPress Cookie Plugin by Real Cookie Banner