Build and Share Augmented Reality for Snapchat | Snap AR Products Lens Studio Snap’s free AR development platform that powers experiences across Snapchat and AR ads, mobile and web applications, and hardware. Camera Kit Snap’s AR SDK that lets you bring Lenses into your iOS, Android, and web apps. Snapchat Cam Transform live events and broadcasts into engaging, interactive fan experiences with Camera Kit. Spectacles Design Lenses for Snap’s AR glasses, powered by Snap OS. Designed to get people closer over the things they love. Lens Web Builder Easily create Snapchat Lenses for ad campaigns directly in Ads Manager. Lens Studio Mobile App Make Snapchat Lenses for your friends in minutes. Whether you're on the go, or on the web, test out this new augmented reality app and web tool. Solutions Lens Creator Rewards Create Snapchat Lenses and join the Lens Creator Rewards program for a chance to win monthly cash prizes. Creator Marketplace Get discovered on the Creator Marketplace where brands can search and contact listed Lens Creators. Arcadia Snap's AR Innovation Studio for Branded Experiences Challenge Tags Put your creativity to the test and win rewards by participating in the monthly challenge hosted by Lenslist. Learn More Community Join The Community Receive timely Snap updates including new features, local meetups and events, helpful resources, and more. Blog Read about new features and cutting-edge tech, catch recaps of developer events, and release announcements. Discord Connect with other creators and developers like you! Developers Download Build with Snap The Latest from Snap Camera Kit Deploy custom AR experiences to your iOS and Android apps seamlessly with Camera Kit. Request access to the beta today. Snapchat AR Games A Guide to Snapchat AR Games Built With Lens Studio Monetizing with Snap If last year was about proving what’s possible with AR, this year is about turning that possibility into a career. Lens Fest 2025 Recap A Decade of Lenses and the Future of Computing Snap Cloud powered by Supabase We are excited to officially announce Spectacles and Supabase’s partnership with the alpha release of Snap Cloud. Lens Creator Rewards Program Join the Snap AR Lens Creator Rewards Program for a chance to receive monthly rewards for creating top-performing Lenses Camera Kit Deploy custom AR experiences to your iOS and Android apps seamlessly with Camera Kit. Request access to the beta today. Snapchat AR Games A Guide to Snapchat AR Games Built With Lens Studio Snap Augmented Reality Snap enables developers around the world to revolutionize the way we create, explore, and play. 375,000 Lens Creators Join our growing community of over 375,000 Lens Creators & Developers who are building millions of AR Lenses . 2 4 Million Lenses More than 4 million Lenses have been created with Lens Studio, available across Snapchat, Snap Camera, and Spectacles. 4 Trillions of Lens Views In just the last year, Snapchatters have engaged with Lenses made by our AR creator community more than 4.5 trillion times. 7 Design and Develop Bring your idea to life with our suite of Lens development, management, and analytic tools. Lens Studio Lens Studio is a powerful, best-in-class desktop application designed for artists and developers to build augmented reality experiences. Get Started Lens Web Builder Lens Web Builder enables brands and agencies to create branded AR experiences through our templates with no coding experience required. Get Started My Lenses My Lenses is a web management tool that organizes, searches, and analyzes Lenses published in Lens Studio — all from your browser. Learn More Lens Analytics Lens Analytics uses anonymous and aggregated data to bring rich detailed insights into Lens engagement, beyond view counts and shares — all while protecting the privacy of our community. Learn More Engage and Grow Snap offers programs and partnerships that help you learn, innovate, and grow as you build your augmented reality business. Snap Lens Network With a verified Snapchat profile, find paid opportunities to work with brands and companies, receive funding to pursue experimental projects, and gain access to our most advanced AR tools before they become publicly available. Apply Creator Marketplace The Creator Marketplace provides opportunities for top Lens Creators, Developers, and Partners by allowing brands and agencies to search for top talent within Snap’s AR ecosystem. Learn Build The Next Generation of AR Lenses are Snap’s augmented reality experiences, with which over 250M Snapchatters engage every day. 1 They sense, enhance, and transform the world around us — but we’re just scratching the surface of what’s possible! Utility Entertainment Shopping Self-Expression Games Education Utility Lenses Build AR experiences that solve problems. Learn more about our world with the power of Utility Lenses. These AR experiences inform and enrich — helping you do things like translate languages, take spatial measurements, and scan real-world objects. Entertainment Lenses Build AR for art, music, film, and culture. Storytellers of all kinds can bring their visions to life through the magic of augmented reality. AR is an increasingly essential component to live events, museums, and cultural experiences. Shopping Lenses Build AR for shopping, fashion, and beauty. AR is revolutionizing the way we shop, browse, and try on products. These Lenses evolve e-commerce by recreating the in-store shopping experience. Brands are just now beginning to realize the immense potential for shopping AR. Self-Expression Lenses Build AR for more creative communication. AR empowers people to express themselves — giving them the tools they need to share their unique personality, preferences, and point-of-view. Game Lenses Build AR for a new generation of gamers. Augmented reality is fueling a new era of gaming, one that bridges virtual experiences with real-world environments. Connected Lenses allow multiple players to compete in shared AR gaming experiences. Education Lenses Build AR for a new paradigm of teaching. Enrich minds everywhere with educational AR — a powerful engine for global, cultural, and social change. Educational Lenses have the potential to inspire a whole new generation of learners. Spectacles Spectacles are wearable AR glasses that allow Snapchatters to experience AR in a new, totally immersive dimension. Publish directly from Lens Studio to Spectacles in minutes to quickly test and iterate on Lenses. Learn Camera Kit Camera Kit allows developers to bring the power of Snap AR into their own products, creating unique augmented reality experiences in their apps. Learn Join The Community Get updates on tools, tutorials, meetups, events, and what's next for developers at Snap — all for free! Country/Region* United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Creator Type* Lens Creator Lens Developer Lens Partner I would like to receive updates and promotional material about Snap AR from Snap, Inc. I understand that I can unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy . Sign Up! Connect with Lens Studio to receive important updates and join a growing community of developers. Snapchat Twitter Discord YouTube LinkedIn References 1 Snap Inc. internal data Q3 2022 2 Snap Inc. internal data as of June 30, 2024 3 Snap Inc. internal data September 30, 2020 4 Snap Inc. internal data as of June 30, 2024 5 Snap Inc. internal data December 2017 - February 2021 6 Snap Inc. internal data. as of February 2021 7 Snap Inc Internal Data 2024 References 1 Snap Inc. internal data Q3 2022 2 Snap Inc. internal data as of June 30, 2024 3 Snap Inc. internal data September 30, 2020 4 Snap Inc. internal data as of June 30, 2024 5 Snap Inc. internal data December 2017 - February 2021 6 Snap Inc. internal data. as of February 2021 7 Snap Inc Internal Data 2024 Company Snap Inc. Careers News Privacy and Safety Community Snapchat Support Spectacles Support Community Guidelines Advertising Snapchat Ads Advertising Policies Political Ads Library Brand Guidelines Promotions Rules Legal Other Terms & Policies Law Enforcement Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Report Infringement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Language English (US)