Skip to main content
Canonical Snapcraft
Snap Store
About
Learn
IoT
Forum
All Canonical
Sign in 
The app store for Linux
Search
Search
Snaps you may like
Featured
Development
Games
Server
josm

Michael Vogt

Editor for OpenStreetMap

vault

Canonical

Vault is a tool for securely accessing secrets.

artikulate

KDE

Artikulate Pronunciation Trainer

View all featured snaps
View all snaps
Official snaps from major publishers
Learn how to snap an app in 30 minutes
Choose
your language:
  Python
  Pre-built apps
  C/C++
  Go
  Java
  Node.js
  Electron
  Flutter
  Ruby
  Rust
  MOOS
  ROS
  ROS 2
Why are snaps good for Python projects?
Easy to discover and install by millions using the Snap Store or command-line every day
Automatically updated to the latest stable version of your app
Revert to the previous version if an update fails, preserving data
Isolation ensures no conflicts between applications
Identical behaviour across Linux distributions, even with library dependencies

With PyPI you can distribute apps to other developers, but it’s not tailored to end users. Virtualenv lets you install an app’s dependencies in isolation, but it’s not automatically used for installs from PyPI. Snaps let you distribute a dependency-isolated Python app in an app store experience for end users.

In just a few steps, you’ll have an example Python app in the Snap Store.

Here's how liquidctl defines snapcraft.yaml:
name: liquidctl
summary: a status and control utility to for power, cooling and LED components
description: |
  liquidctl is a command-line tool to monitor and control […]
version: test
base: core22
confinement: strict

parts:
  liquidctl:
    plugin: python
    source: .
    stage-packages:
      - python3-usb

apps:
  liquidctl:
    command: bin/liquidctl
    plugs:
      - raw-usb
      - hardware-observe
Show more 
Continue ›
Testimonials
“The auto-updating feature is huge”

Due to the nature of our platform, we release updates more than daily which admittedly can be annoying for our users to constantly update.

Therefore, having them done seamlessly in the background makes life for our users so much easier. It’s great to see snaps as the first serious attempt to try and unify the community.

Jeff Dickey
CLI engineer, Heroku
“Starting with snaps
is easy”

We definitely find Snapcraft easier as it is yaml based and provides details of what artifacts are needed. Debian packaging has things that need to be followed which can be distribution specific, which creates complication.

The modular containment is what appealed about snaps and [we] can see it will be a lot more flexible. Starting with snaps is easy and the resources that are provided are clean and structured which aids adoption.

Lee Coward and Rakesh Singh
.NET (Microsoft)
“A major software discovery tool”

The Snap store provides additional exposure to our tools for many of our existing and potential users. The decision to use it came quite naturally. We believe the store will be a major software discovery tool on Linux, so the more people find out about our tools naturally and install them more easily, the better for everyone.

Aleksey Rostovskiy
Engineer, JetBrains
Showcase to millions

Reach beyond your existing audience with a listing on the Snap Store, the front page for app discovery on Ubuntu and other popular distros.

Browse the Snap Store

Measure user growth

Make data-driven decisions with active install metrics. Watch as automatic updates migrate users to your latest release. Understand your audience with geographic and version breakdowns.

Back to top 

© 2025 Canonical Ltd.
Ubuntu and Canonical are registered trademarks of Canonical Ltd.
Powered by Charmed Kubernetes

Join the forum, contribute to or report problems with, snapd, Snapcraft, or this site.

Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on YouTube
Terms of Service  Data privacy  Manage your tracker settings  Service status  Other functions  Contact us
Your tracker settings

We use cookies and similar methods to recognise visitors and remember preferences. We also use them to measure campaign effectiveness and analyse site traffic.

By selecting ‘Accept‘, you consent to the use of these methods by us and trusted third parties.

For further details or to change your consent choices at any time see our cookie policy.

Accept all and visit site Manage your tracker settings