Snel.com | Your Friendly Hosting Provider Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer ISO 27001 certified | 9.8/10 reviews | Monthly cancellable Utility Bar Right Contact us Support Mail us Clientarea en EN en NL nl Search... Search... Snel.com Your Friendly Hosting Provider EN NL VPS VPS Hosting Pure Performance VPS Managed VPS VPS Windows Dedicated Servers Dedicated Servers Managed Dedicated Servers Reseller Hosting Domains Domain name Domain extensions Clientarea Order Search... EN NL VPS VPS Hosting Pure Performance VPS Managed VPS VPS Windows Dedicated Servers Dedicated Servers Managed Dedicated Servers Reseller Hosting Domains Domain name Domain extensions Clientarea Order Search... Your Friendly Dutch Hosting Provider Your data, safely hosted in the Netherlands. Support with 25+ years of experience Over 1,000 servers under management Registered Not available € /year Register Transfer Registered Not available € /year Register Transfer Registered Not available € /year Register Transfer Registered Not available € /year Register Transfer Registered Not available € /year Register Transfer Check more domainnames Customers rate us with 4.8/5 on Google reviews Dedicated Servers Enterprise Dedicated Servers Managed Dedicated Servers Managed GPU Servers Flexible scalability Dutch Web Hosting 100% Green Hosting INSTANTLY Available from € 99.99 per month View Dedicated servers VPS VPS Hosting Managed VPS Windows Server VPS Pure Performance VPS Flexible scalability Dutch Web Hosting 100% Green Hosting INSTANTLY Available from € 6.99 per month View VPS' Reseller Hosting Whitelabel Reseller Hosting Monthly cancellable Dutch Web Hosting 100% Green Hosting INSTANTLY Available from € 39.99 per month View Reseller hosting In the beating heart of Rotterdam, where the ethos is centered on labor, we brought Snel.com to life. What drives us? The pursuit of innovative and sustainable solutions, without losing the direct connection with our customers. Thanks to these core values, Snel.com has grown into an independent and trusted player in the hosting world. We are not just a server hosting provider; we are your hosting partner, and this distinguishes us from the impersonal hosting giants. Our team, a close-knit group of enthusiasts, shares the dedication to this approach. With more than 20 years of experience in the hosting world, we're always here for you. Snel.com is your reliable hosting partner Customers rate us with 9.8/10 You only remain a customer as long as you're satisfied with Snel.com. This motivates us to always offer you the best Reviews Webhosting in the Netherlands Your webhosting data is safely stored in our highly secured Rotterdam data center, powered by green energy Datacenter Certified Green host We are certified as a green host by the Green Web Foundation, emphasizing our commitment to sustainability Green hosting We'll always support you Do you have a question for us? You'll receive a prompt response from an expert, so you can get back to work quickly Support High performance VPS Ready for unparalleled speed and power? The Pure Performance VPS is designed for your most demanding projects. Equipped with top-tier AMD EPYC processors and blazing-fast NVMe SSD storage, it delivers the computational power required for environments like Microsoft RDS. The best choice for power users aiming for unmatched performance. Go to Pure Performance VPS Customers in the Spotlight Unique Design Movin’U The Re5al SaaS solution A3 Forecast & Darwin Retail 1 2 Next » Friendly service 24/7/365 support Enterprise platform How can we help? Our customers praise us for the excellent service they receive. Would you like a taste? Get in touch with us, and we'll help you find the best solution for your hosting needs. Go to Contactpage Friendly service 24/7/365 support Enterprise platform Reviews rating 9.8 Contact us +31 88 3 088 099 Footer Our Products VPS Hosting Managed VPS VPS Windows Pure Performance VPS Managed Pure Performance VPS Dedicated Servers Managed Dedicated Servers White Label  Reseller Hosting Domain name Upgrades & Licenses More… Our Story Contact Us Support Portal Reviews ISO 27001 Certification Moving service Monthly cancellable Data Center Network Snel Status Payment Methods SnelWallet Affiliate Program Blog Legal Service Level Agreement EU GDPR Disclaimer Privacy Statement Terms and Conditions Data Processing Agreement Acceptable Usage Policy Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure (CVD) Policy Blog Why We’re Adjusting Some Prices in 2025 (and Keeping Others the Same) 4 Reasons to Choose Hosting or Servers in the Netherlands Change your password day Use cPanel tools to help optimise your website Acronis Cyber Protect Cloud: More than a Back-up solution Show us some love Stay Updated Leave this field empty if you're human: Snel Status Copyright © 2025 Snel.com B.V. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to improve your experience and to display relevant content. Accept Cookies Settings Cookie Box Settings Cookie Box Settings Privacy settings Decide which cookies you want to allow.You can change these settings at any time. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available. For information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser’s help function.Learn more about the cookies we use. With the slider, you can enable or disable different types of cookies: Essentials Functionality Analytics Advertising This website will Remember which cookies group you accepted This website won't Remember your login details Essential: Remember your cookie permission setting Essential: Allow session cookies Essential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pages Essential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cart Essential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user account Essential: Remember language version you selected Functionality: Remember social media settings Functionality: Remember selected region and country Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken Analytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP number Analytics: Keep track of the time spent on each page Analytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies. Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location This website will Essential: Remember your cookie permission setting Essential: Allow session cookies Essential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pages Essential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cart Essential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user account Essential: Remember language version you selected This website won't Remember your login details Functionality: Remember social media settings Functionality: Remember selected region and country Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken Analytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP number Analytics: Keep track of the time spent on each page Analytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies. Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location This website will Essential: Remember your cookie permission setting Essential: Allow session cookies Essential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pages Essential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cart Essential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user account Essential: Remember language version you selected Functionality: Remember social media settings Functionality: Remember selected region and country This website won't Remember your login details Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken Analytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP number Analytics: Keep track of the time spent on each page Analytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies. Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location This website will Essential: Remember your cookie permission setting Essential: Allow session cookies Essential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pages Essential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cart Essential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user account Essential: Remember language version you selected Functionality: Remember social media settings Functionality: Remember selected region and country Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken Analytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP number Analytics: Keep track of the time spent on each page Analytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions This website won't Remember your login details Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies. Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location This website will Essential: Remember your cookie permission setting Essential: Allow session cookies Essential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pages Essential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cart Essential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user account Essential: Remember language version you selected Functionality: Remember social media settings Functionality: Remember selected region and country Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken Analytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP number Analytics: Keep track of the time spent on each page Analytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies. Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location This website won't Remember your login details Save & Close