Southern New Hampshire University Online Skip to main content Request Info Apply Now Visit SNHU × Apply Now Online Students For All Online Programs Continue International Students On Campus, need or have Visa Continue Campus Students For All Campus Programs Continue Menu | | | Search Academic Programs Academic Programs Back Academic Programs By Location Campus Online Degrees By Degree Level Associate Degrees Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees Certificate Programs By Subject Accounting & Finance Business & MBA Criminal Justice Education Game Art & Graphic Design Healthcare Liberal Arts Math & Science Nursing Psychology Social Sciences Technology & Engineering Individual Courses View all degrees Admission Admission Back Admission Online Admission Campus Admission Campus Graduate Admission Military Student Experience Technical Requirements Transferring Credits Academic Calendars Request Information Apply Now Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid Back Tuition & Financial Aid Online Tuition & Financial Aid Campus Tuition & Financial Aid How to Pay for College Campus Campus Back Campus Academics Housing Parents & Families Campus Tours & Events International Experience About SNHU About SNHU Back About SNHU Accreditations Alumni & Giving Newsroom Commencement Leadership & History Social Impact Faculty at SNHU Partnerships Area Information Commonly Asked Questions Employment Library SNHU Virtual Assistant Virtual Assistant Get your degree, your way As an on-campus and online university, we offer the flexibility you need to succeed. Find a Program Request Info Career-focused Gain real-world experience to help yourself stand out to future employers Affordable Enjoy some of the most affordable tuition rates in the nation Transfer-friendly Save time and money by transferring up to 90 academic, military or experiential credits Pursue your dream job Our programs are constantly updated to match the demands of today's workforce, so you can build the skills that matter most. Whether you're looking to advance in your current role, earn a promotion or switch to an entirely new field, we're here to support your journey. View All Programs Learn on your schedule With no set class times and multiple term starts per year, SNHU makes it easy to balance work and other commitments while pursuing your degree Online term starts Undergraduate: January 5, 2026 Graduate: February 2, 2026 Apply now Campus term starts Undergraduate and graduate: January 5, 2026 Apply now Discover how SNHU can help you spend less Affordability is at the heart of what we do. For example, earning a bachelor’s degree in business administration at SNHU costs about 15% less than our closest competitor among major online universities offering course-based programs. 1 Plus, you could save even more by transferring up to 90 credits – something 68% of our online bachelor’s students did during the 2023-24 academic year. See More Ways to Save What SNHU graduates are saying If I was back at the beginning, I’d choose SNHU all over again. Keyon Tuiteleleapaga '22 '24G After I graduated, I started a new job. My degree has opened new doors that I truly didn’t know existed. Ali Lamoureux '22 At SNHU, having the support that I had really helped me understand what I can accomplish. Fatma Salem Pease '19G Programs for every passion From aeronautical engineering to sociology and beyond, SNHU helps students turn their interests into careers they love. What path will you choose? Explore All Areas of Study Business & MBA Technology Social Sciences Nursing & Healthcare Recognized and respected for decades Education you can count on SNHU is accredited by the regional accreditor the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE), with several programs holding specialized accreditations. We’ve also earned recognition from U.S. News & World Report and more. Discover why accreditation matters Supporting military since WWII We offer tuition discounts to active duty and their spouses, National Guard and Selected Reserve. Plus, we accept a long list of military benefits, including the Post-9/11 GI Bill® and Montgomery GI Bill ® . See how we can serve you Faculty focused on your success Our educators have years of experience behind them – and now they're focused on your future. These highly accomplished academics are just a few of many who can help you reach your potential in and out of the classroom. Interested in learning more about their expertise? Click their Q&As for all the details or explore our directory to learn more about the faculty at SNHU. Dr. Ben Cole Dean of the School of Arts, Sciences, and Education Read Dr. Cole’s Q&A Dr. James Winfield Associate Dean of First-Year Experience and Online General Education Read Dr. Winfield’s Q&A Dr. Jolivette Wallace Associate Dean of Business Read Dr. Wallace's Q&A Learning that fits your life Online No set class times, 24/7 coursework access, on-demand tutoring and tech support – just a few of the many reasons why students love our online university. Learn Online On Campus Our 300-acre campus offers 70+ academic programs, state-of-the-art living and learning facilities, an innovative esports arena, DII athletics and so much more. Learn On Campus Frequently asked questions Are online universities legitimate? Yes – the online format is a trusted, effective way to achieve the same education and results as in-person learning. SNHU has offered online courses for over 25 years, providing a flexible alternative to the degrees offered on our traditional campus. Plus, as an institution accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE), you can be confident that our programs meet strict standards of academic quality. Is it more affordable to attend college online? SNHU’s online programs are designed to be budget friendly. In fact, we offer some of the lowest online tuition rates in the nation at $342 per credit for undergraduate degrees and $659 per credit for graduate degrees. Some of your biggest savings will be campus-based expenses like room and board and commuting. Plus, we offer a generous transfer credit policy to help you maximize work you’ve already done. You may even be eligible for financial aid or scholarships. How much is an online degree? Estimating the true cost of an online degree depends on two key factors: The tuition rate (cost per credit) at the online university you choose. How much the online university can help lower your actual cost through transferring previously earned credits, grants, scholarships, discounts, employer tuition reimbursement and other cost-saving strategies. Being a nonprofit university allows SNHU to offer some of the lowest online tuition rates in the nation – just $342 per credit for undergraduate and $659 per credit for graduate degrees. Use our Net Price Calculator to get a personalized estimate of your costs, and explore our other financial aid tools to guide you through the process. Are online college classes worth it? At SNHU, we believe online college classes can be incredibly valuable, especially for students seeking flexibility and convenience. Our online programs offer the same high-quality education and degrees as our on-campus offerings, complete with the added benefit of studying on your own schedule from anywhere. With 24/7 access to coursework, personalized support from academic and career advisors, and affordable tuition rates, online classes at SNHU are designed to help you succeed while balancing your personal and professional life. Plus, our programs are career-focused, providing the skills and knowledge employers are looking for. Do employers take online degrees seriously? As the popularity of online education rises, employers are increasingly familiar with leading online universities. So, a degree earned online – especially from a respected, accredited university like SNHU – can help you stand out when applying for a new job or aiming for a promotion in your current career. How fast can I get a degree online? The time it takes to complete a bachelor’s degree depends on a couple factors: The total number of credits needed to complete your degree. The number of courses you plan to take each year. You can drastically reduce the time it takes to earn your degree by transferring previously earned college credits. SNHU accepts up to 90 credits toward a bachelor’s degree (that’s 75% of your degree!), which means big savings in time and money. You can also transfer up to 45 credits toward an associate degree and up to 12 credits toward a master’s degree. Learn more about ways you can earn your bachelor's degree faster . How long is a college semester/term? SNHU’s online undergraduate programs are 8 weeks long with 6 term starts per year, and our online graduate programs are 10 weeks with 5 term starts per year. That said, if you're wondering when you can start, the answer is always "soon!" Find the SNHU term start date that works best for you. SNHU campus terms follow the traditional 16-week spring semester/fall semester format. What's the easiest online degree to get? It’s hard to say definitively what the easiest online degree is, because what’s simple for one person may be challenging for another. For example, if you thrived in algebra or trigonometry in high school, a data analytics or mathematics degree might be a great fit. Similarly, if you have a knack for storytelling and language, a creative writing degree could be a rewarding path. That said, all of SNHU’s online programs are designed to support your success. With 24/7 access to coursework, academic and career advisors, and some of the most affordable tuition rates in the country, we’re here to provide the tools and support you need for an enjoyable, rewarding and achievable online learning experience. What does nonprofit mean? At SNHU, it means your success is our only mission. Unlike for-profit universities, we don’t have shareholders or corporate interests to answer to. This gives us the freedom to reinvest our revenue into programs, services and initiatives that directly benefit our students. It’s why we can offer some of the lowest online tuition rates in the nation, a top-tier online learning experience and exceptional support throughout your journey – from day 1 to graduation and beyond. Learn more about what being a nonprofit university means to college students . What’s the best online university? As a nonprofit, accredited university offering over 200 affordable, career-focused programs, SNHU is the top choice for thousands of students. When choosing the right fit, it's important to weigh factors like high- quality education, affordability, a generous transfer policy (if you have previous credits), a top-tier online experience and strong student support – along with the availability of your desired degree. As a nonprofit, accredited university offering over 200 affordable, career-focused programs , SNHU is the top choice for thousands of students. Our mission is simple: student success. That’s why we’re dedicated to delivering the best education, online experience and value to help you reach your goals. The latest SNHU news Academic Spotlight: Dr. Ashley Dellosa, Associate Dean of Business Business | 6min Read What Does a Bookkeeper Do? A Look Into the Role and Necessary Skills Business | 7min Read What is an Economist? Where They Work and What They Do Business | 7min Read Ready to get started? Our admission counselors are here to help you every step of the way. Request Info References Sources & citations 1 Online tuition pages, on the internet, at: https://www.liberty.edu/student-financial-services/basic-costs, $390 per full-time semester credit (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.phoenix.edu/tuition_and_financial_options.html, $398 per semester credit (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.gcu.edu/tuition/online-evening, $485 per semester credit (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.umgc.edu/tuition-financial-assistance/tuition, $499 per semester credit for out-of-state students (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.waldenu.edu/online-bachelors-programs/bs-in-business-administration#fees, $333 per quarter hour (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.capella.edu/online-degrees/bachelors-business-administration, Guided Path program is $365 per quarter credit at the 1000-2000 level and $415 per quarter credit at the 3000-4000 level (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.nu.edu/admissions/undergraduate/undergraduate-tuition/, $370 per quarter credit (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://www.purdueglobal.edu/tuition-financial-aid/undergraduate-graduate-tuition-and-fees, $371 per quarter credit for out-of-state students (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) https://asuonline.asu.edu/what-it-costs, $563 per semester credit (viewed Sept. 19, 2023) my.SNHU Login Academic Catalogs University Store Admission Portal Login Athletics International Employment Library Copyright © 2025 Southern New Hampshire University 2500 North River Road Manchester, NH 03106 Contact Us Consumer Information Site Map Privacy Policy Accessibility at SNHU SMS Terms & Conditions