Snom Technology - Connecting your Business - Homepage Support About us Contact Jobs Products Technologies Guide Services Partner person_outline language English Deutsch Français Italiano Español close menu close person_outline language English Deutsch Français Italiano Español close Products Technologies Guide Services Partner Support About us Contact Jobs All products arrow_back_ios Back All products Desk phones We offer variety from four telephone series Wireless Phones Mobile DECT telephony at the highest level Hospitality Phones Discover our phone series for the hotel and hospitality industry. Headsets Hands free with great sound Audio Conference Devices Let's talk about it Location Gateway Locate people and objects anytime and anywhere Special Application Device Our devices for special applications Accessories WiFi, DECT-Dongle and more close Technologies Snom equips its various products with common, modern technologies to produce maximum compatible devices. arrow_back_ios Back Technologies Snom equips its various products with common, modern technologies to produce maximum compatible devices. Wireless connections DECT Single- and Multicell, DECT Beacons & Alarms, Bluetooth, WiFi & NFC Audio Codecs & Frequency Bands Software Firmware, SRAPS, Phonelink & CO. Security Security in the age of VoIP close Guide The guide is intended to provide information on which Snom devices can be used in everyday situations and what to look for to get the best communication solution. arrow_back_ios Back Guide The guide is intended to provide information on which Snom devices can be used in everyday situations and what to look for to get the best communication solution. Work environments We recommend solutions that fit your environment Devices Here we give you a brief overview of our entire equipment portfolio Phone systems We give you tips for choosing a suitable telephone system Applications Find out which solutions VoIP telephony has to offer close Services Snom offers suitable and complementary services for the devices and solutions. arrow_back_ios Back Services Snom offers suitable and complementary services for the devices and solutions. SRAPS Smart Device Management, whether on the road or from the office Customise desk phones Make it your phone Faceplates for Snom Hospitality Telephones Design your own faceplates close Partner Being a Snom Partner brings many advantages. Discover what is most important to you. arrow_back_ios Back Partner Being a Snom Partner brings many advantages. Discover what is most important to you. Discover the partner program Learn about the benefits of being a Snom Partner Become a Partner Becoming a Snom Partner is easy Partner Portal What to expect in our Partner Lounge PBX Partner Discover which PBX partners are compatible with our Snom devices Distributors Find the right partner distributor here. close Support Here you will find support for the optimal use of our devices and solutions. We provide answers to questions, be they of a practical or technical nature. arrow_back_ios Back Support Here you will find support for the optimal use of our devices and solutions. We provide answers to questions, be they of a practical or technical nature. Help Center The most important FAQ and how-to articles for pragmatic and quick support. Firmware Are your Snom devices up to date? Hardware defect What to do if a Snom device is defective. Create Helpdesk Ticket This is how Snom partners can get help. Snom Apps Snom Apps Help close About us What you always wanted to know about Snom, if you want to find out what is new at Snom and much more. arrow_back_ios Back About us What you always wanted to know about Snom, if you want to find out what is new at Snom and much more. Discover Snom Find out who Snom is and which values we stand for. News National and international news and press releases can be found here. Appointments & Events Webinars, trade fairs and other events can be found here. Snom Green Strategy Snom takes sustainability and ecological action seriously and has been following a "green path" for some time. Our History Check out our milestones, from the world's first SIP phone until today. Management Who are the leaders close Contact We look forward to talking to you. We make it easy for you to get in touch with us. arrow_back_ios Back Contact We look forward to talking to you. We make it easy for you to get in touch with us. Contact person Here you can find the appropriate contact person in Snom Sales. Company locations We are on site in many countries around the world. We show you where exactly. Reporting Vulnerabilities You have found a vulnerability in one of our products? Tell us about it. Authorised Repair Partner Become a Snom Authorised Repair Partner close Jobs Working at Snom is like finally arriving. We show you life as a "Snommie". arrow_back_ios Back Jobs Working at Snom is like finally arriving. We show you life as a "Snommie". Open positions We look forward to meeting you Benefits at a glance We take care of our Snommies. HR Team Get to know your future HR team. close The connecting element Stimulating table conversations Desk Phones keyboard_arrow_right Accessible everywhere Wireless Phones keyboard_arrow_right Always in touch with the guest Hospitality Phones keyboard_arrow_right Always hands free Headsets keyboard_arrow_right Success story With Snom, Caritas Warendorf is switching to modern telecommunications. How do you connect 40 different centres at 60 locations with completely different communication requirements? The Caritas Association in Warendorf was faced with exactly this challenge. And since Caritas has a lot of personal data on the people it cares for, the association wanted a solution that complied with the German Data Protection Act (DSGVO). In this context, the reliability of the selected manufacturers was all the more relevant. "Snom was immediately on hand when Caritas needed numerous samples for testing purposes, constantly accompanied us in all evaluation phases and provided the customer with comprehensive training. We missed this presence with the competition - Christoph Noppeney, Managing Director of ISP-EURONET". Find out all the details here. Download PDF download Cost savings through d esk phones and wireless phones for the car glass specialist "Carglass" The monthly overhead costs should be reduced and the telephone bills shrink! And that is exactly what was achieved. Another bonus: When the lockdown caused by the Covid19 crisis swept the country and home offices became the norm, Carglass' employees were able to flexibly network with each other with up-to-date systems in their native language (Dutch). Cor ter Braake of Carglass sums up: "We at Carglass are very satisfied with our new telephone system. The change to Voice over IP went smoothly and the effect is greater than we had hoped for. The new system is very flexible and our telephone bills have reduced dramatically. The audio quality is also much better, not to mention the user interfaces in Dutch thanks to Snom's hardware." Find out all the details here. Download PDF download Improved mobility and internal communication between the sites with first-class customer service for the vehicle manufacturer "Eurocar Italia". A new communication system was needed for Eurocar Italia, so that the many operating sites are ideally networked and customer requests can be fulfilled more efficiently than ever before. A speciality of Snom products! "The Snom phones meet the requirements of a company with many sites like Eurocar so well that numerous new installations are planned for 2022." - Roberto Vagata Find out all the details here. Download PDF download Desk phones for the "Hotel Lima" For hotel equipment, Snom offers many devices and solutions to meet the specific requirements of this working environment. Our partner BNT Business (Spain) not only equipped the Lima Hotel (Spain) with 61 Snom D717 desk phones, but created a 100% networked hotel. To do this, they installed an IP4Business telephone system designed by BNT Business specifically for the hospitality industry, which added advanced features to the desk phones. Find out all the details here. Download PDF download Snom Beacon Solution for the metal processor "Stengel" The Snom Beacon Solution (location gateway) has been developed for tracking factory-owned vehicles. The first successful pilot project of the Snom Beacon Solution took place at Stengel GmbH in Ellwangen (Germany), a specialist in metal design. Tracking using the products Snom M900 , Snom M9B and Snom M9T and some wireless phones (DECT) should make visible where individual forklift trucks are currently located and therefore also where loads are currently being picked up or unloaded - for the perfect overview. . Find out all the details here. Download PDF download_for_offline Immerse yourself into Snom Use of modern technologies The strengths of Snom telephones lie, above all, in our technical expertise, the desire to produce particularly versatile telephones and accessories and our proverbial attention to detail. Audio quality is our first and foremost goal. This is reflected both in the development of our audio algorithms and the design of our DSP processors. It is also of great importance to us that each customer can operate our devices for the desired purpose and on the preferred telephone system. Maximum compatibility, security and flexibility are our daily guiding principles. And of course we want to meet the highest standards in design. Learn more keyboard_arrow_right German quality We design our products entirely in Germany. Here we are close to our partners and customers. Furthermore, we can guarantee the audio quality in our local Snom Audio Studio in the usual high quality and according to German thoroughness. We are also supported by our quality management, which is located right next door. Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Vision of the future Manufacturers often focus their entrepreneurial thinking on an object - the product and its functions and features. At Snom, we have chosen a different path. We focus on our customers and their needs and let our products follow them. We are passionate about using their needs and wishes as the benchmark and source of inspiration for our products and solutions. This is the only way we can create Snom products to fit our customers, their everyday life, and their needs. That's why our team at Snom includes experts whose work is focused on the wishes and the satisfaction of our customers. The guide to optimal communication Work environments We recommend solutions that fit your environment Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Devices Get to know the entire Snom portfolio and choose your ideal product Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Phone systems Find out which telephone system suits you best with these tips. Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Applications Find out here which solutions our phones have to offer Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Find your local specialist here Snom relies on its partners! We have more than 4,000 partners worldwide, from small specialist sellers to large diversified trade partners and national carriers. Find one of our partners near you and get comprehensive advice on our products, solutions, and services. Find Contact Partner keyboard_arrow_right Customisation Make it your phone! Customise desk phones Snom desk phones can be highly customised. In addition to being able to customise the phone's user interface (UI), most models can also be physically customised. Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Customised faceplates Individualise your Hospitality Series phones according to your needs! Whether only with room number or additional graphics, use our templates for a perfect clarity of your phones. Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Benefits as a Snom Partner The Snom Partner Program offers many advantages: Cashbacks access to the Help Desk certifications and training ( Snom Academy ) access to marketing material and many more services Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Location-independent configuration The Secure Redirection and Provisioning Service (SRAPS) enables secure , zero-touch phone provisioning. Partners can remotely manage customers' phones and apply firmware updates , adjust the configuration (provisioning) and set up redirections . Everything can be controlled and managed directly via the SRAPS portal, regardless of location and at any time. Get to know our service keyboard_arrow_right Jobs This is waiting for you as a Snommie! Our Snommies are important to us, because without them Snom would not be Snom! We make sure that you can feel at home with us. We do this as a whole support force for your life plan! You can expect flexible working hours, support in your development, private supplementary insurance, pension subsidies, 30 days of vacation for everyone and much more. Our many good Kununu ratings confirm that all of this is not just fine words with us, but has a lot going for it. Convince yourself! Discover the benefits keyboard_arrow_right question_answer Contact Contact person keyboard_arrow_left Contact person Headquarter Berlin +49 30 - 39833-0 Office hours: Mo-Fr 9:00-17:00 (CET) Inhouse Sales language Sales DACH phone +49 30 39833 0 mail_outline website@snom.com Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Locations keyboard_arrow_left Locations Snom Technology GmbH Aroser Allee 66 13407 Berlin Phone: +49 30 39833-0 Fax: +49 30 39833-111 info@snom.com www.snom.com Learn more keyboard_arrow_right Contact keyboard_arrow_left Contact local_post_office website@snom.com Your name Company Your email address Your telephone number Callback requested done If you like, choose one of the options... I am interested in "Snom as a Service" and have questions about it. I am interested in SRAPS and have questions about it. I have a project and would like to speak to a sales colleague from Snom. I need purchase advice on a Snom product (presales) I need technical advice for the installation of a Snom product (Provided by our partners) Is this product available? I would like to become a Snom Partner and have questions. Where can I buy Snom products? Your message done Thank you for your message. We will answer your request as soon as possible. warning Something went wrong, please contact us manually via the e-mail. Submit arrow_forward_ios Privacy policy Search for help keyboard_arrow_left Search for help Are you looking for help with a problem, a manual, an answer to your question or the latest firmware for your Snom device? We have set up the Snom Service Hub to provide you with everything you need. Learn more keyboard_arrow_right keyboard_arrow_up Thank you for visiting the Snom website Please choose the regional Snom website you would like to visit. For the United States, Canada, Central and South America: Snomamericas.com For the Rest of the World: snom.com Partner search! Learn more Partner search! keyboard_arrow_right Do you need Help? Learn more Do you need Help? keyboard_arrow_right Find my product! Learn more Find my product! keyboard_arrow_right Discover Snom News Media library Snom History GTC Privacy policy Declarations of conformity VTech Tax Strategy Report Security Issue (PSTI) Imprint Internal reporting service EU Data Act Compatibility PBX-Partner Headset Partner Source code & GPL Glossary Distribution & Support Contact sales Create a Helpdesk Ticket Personalise desk phones Faceplates for Hospitality Telephones Warranty information EOS / EOL SRAPS - Information How to become Sales partner Snom team member Certified Repair Partner More services from Snom: inform keyboard_arrow_right exchange keyboard_arrow_right profit keyboard_arrow_right resolve keyboard_arrow_right connect keyboard_arrow_right Imprint | Copyright © 2025. Snom Technology GmbH. All rights reserved.