Snort - Network Intrusion Detection & Prevention System Sign In Toggle navigation Documents Official Documentation Additional Resources Preprocessor Documentation Latest Rule Documents Downloads Snort Rules OpenAppID IP Block List Additional
            Downloads Products Rule Subscriptions Education
            /
            Certification Community Mailing Lists Snort Calendar Submit a Bug Talos Talos Advisories Additional
            Talos Resources Resources Videos Documents Contact Whom should I contact? The Snort Team Rule Doc Search Protect your network with the world's most powerful Open Source detection software. Get Started Download Rules Documents Snort 3 is here! Upgrade to experience a slew of new features and improvements. Upgrade Now Snort 3 is here! Upgrade to experience a slew of new features and improvements. Upgrade Now What is Snort? Snort is the foremost Open Source Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) in the world. Snort IPS uses a series of rules
            that help define malicious network activity and uses those rules to find packets that match against them and
            generates alerts for users. Snort can be deployed inline to stop these packets, as well. Snort has three primary uses:
            As a packet sniffer like tcpdump, as a packet logger — which is useful for network traffic debugging, or it can be
            used as a full-blown network intrusion prevention system. Snort can be downloaded and configured for personal
            and business use alike. What are my options for buying and using Snort? Once downloaded and configured, Snort rules are distributed in two sets: The “Community Ruleset” and the “Snort Subscriber Ruleset.” The Snort Subscriber Ruleset is developed, tested, and approved by Cisco Talos. Subscribers to the Snort Subscriber Ruleset will receive the
          ruleset in real time as they are released to Cisco customers. You can download the rules and deploy them in your network through the Snort.org website. The Community Ruleset is developed by the Snort community and QAed by Cisco Talos. It is freely available to all users. For more information about Snort Subscriber Rulesets available for purchase, please visit the Snort product page . Get Started Step 1 Download and install the source code If this is your first time installing Snort, please review the dependencies list . https://github.com/snort3/snort3/releases You can also get the code with: git clone https://github.com/snort3/snort3.git There are separate extras packages for cmake that provide additional features and demonstrate how to build plugins. The source for extras is in the snort3_extra.git repo. Step 2 Sign up and get your Oinkcode - a unique identifier that must be entered into your Snort instance that will automatically pull in Snort rules. All users have access to the Registered Rule Set. In order to get the latest detections (Subscriber Rule Set) you can upgrade your subscription at any time. Sign up/Subscribe Step 3 For video instructions and additional documents, check out our resources page. You can also read the Snort 3 instruction manual . What is Snort ? It is an open source intrusion prevention system capable of real-time traffic analysis
    and packet logging. What is Snort ? It is an open source intrusion prevention system capable of real-time traffic analysis
    and packet logging. Documents The following setup guides have been contributed by members of the Snort Community for your use. Comments and
        questions on these documents should be submitted directly to the author by clicking on the name below. Official Documentation Snort Users Manual 2.9.16 (HTML) Snort Team Snort Users Manual 2.9.16 Snort Team Registered vs. Subscriber Joel Esler Snort FAQ Snort Team / Open Source Community Snort 3 Setup Guides Snort 3 on FreeBSD 11 Yaser Mansour Snort 3.1.0.0 on CentOS Stream Yaser Mansour Snort 3.1.0.0 on OracleLinux 8 Yaser Mansour Additional Resources Snort.conf examples Joel Esler How to find and use your Oinkcode Joel Esler What do the base policies mean? Joel Esler Submit a False Positive Open a Talos Intelligence IPS/IDS Support Ticket to submit Snort Rule false positives or request IPS/IDS coverage for a specific CVE. 1:65454 This rule looks for inbound requests to the "/OA.jsp" endpoint on Oracle E-Business Suite web applications that attempt to invoke the Template Preview functionality. Attackers have been observed targeting this functionality to execute previously uploaded malicious XSL or XML files. 1:65455 This rule looks for inbound requests to the "/OA_HTML/SyncServlet" endpoint on Oracle E-Business Suite web applications. Attackers have been observed targeting this endpoint with an authentication bypass exploit to enable subsequent attacks that allow for remote code execution. 1:65456 This rule looks for requests to the /OA_HTML/OA.jsp endpoint of Oracle E-Business Suite web applications. Malicious XSLT documents may be uploaded using this endpoint and later triggered by attempting to preview the file. This can lead to remote code execution by an unauthenticated attacker. more documents... Snort 2 Click here to find information regarding legacy Snort 2.0 versions. With over 5 million downloads and over 600,000 registered users, it is the most widely deployed intrusion prevention system in the world. With over 5 million downloads and over 600,000 registered users, it is the most widely deployed intrusion prevention system in the world. Blogs Privacy Policy | Snort License | FAQ Follow us on X ©2026 Cisco and/or its affiliates. Snort, the Snort and Pig logo are registered trademarks of Cisco. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Snort License | FAQ Follow us on X ©2026 Cisco and/or its affiliates. Snort, the Snort and Pig logo are registered trademarks of Cisco. All rights reserved.