Snowprint Studios - rich experiences for the everyday gamer HOME COMPANY NEWS GAMES WARHAMMER 40,000: TACTICUS RIVENGARD LEGEND OF SOLGARD JOBS PRESS Select Page Snowprint Studios – A company with people from all over the world! International game teams where some of the members were born during the latest ice age, and some were born during the more recent nuclear age. That combination creates the optimal power generating conditions needed to make us create rich experiences for the everyday gamer! The company aims to take the gameplay experience to richer, deeper levels while making mobile mid-core free-to-play games accessible. The company was founded in 2015 and is now based in the beautiful cities of Stockholm, Sweden and Berlin, Germany. LATEST NEWS Big News For Snowprint! by Sanya Weathers | November 17, 2023 | News | 0 Comments We are delighted to announce that Modern Times Group (“MTG”) has acquired a majority stake in the studio,... Read More Game of the Year?! by Sanya Weathers | December 14, 2022 | News | 0 Comments We are so proud, and so excited, and SO grateful right now. The votes from our community lifted Warhammer... Read More Gamespot Announces Launch Date for Tacticus by Sanya Weathers | July 27, 2022 | News | 0 Comments Our friends at Gamespot have just announced our Global Launch date for Warhammer 40,000: Tacticus. Come... Read More “ RICH EXPERIENCES FOR THE EVERYDAY GAMER.” WARHAMMER 40,000: TACTICUS Warhammer 40,000: Tacticus ™ is a turn-based tactical strategy game set in the eternal conflict of Games Workshop’s Warhammer 40,000 Universe . Experience the intense battles of the Space Marine, Imperial, Chaos, and Xenos on the go! In Warhammer 40,000: Tacticus ™ , you bring some of the universe’s most powerful warriors to lightning-fast tactical skirmishes where you are in full control and only superior tactics can deliver victory. Expand your collection across multiple factions to find new tactical possibilities as you bring your troops to battle and sweep the galaxy clear of all resistance! VIEW GAME SOLGARD The world of Solgard ™ is turning to winter and its creatures are trapped in ice crystals. Ragnarok , the end of the world, has started and only Embla can fight it. In Legend of Solgard ™ Embla is blessed by the Sun Goddess , it is up to her to gather an army of creatures and together, they must battle and conquer the evil that threatens Solgard . VIEW GAME RIVENGARD The world of Rivengard ™ is a fractured one. The discovery of a hidden continent sends shockwaves throughout the world, as the Five Gods rally their factions to conquer the new lands and compete for ultimate power. The War has begund. Which side will you pick? VIEW GAME WORK AT SNOWPRINT Want to join our team of fantastic people? Then feel free to browse our open positions. We are eager to read your applications! OPEN POSITIONS PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS JOBS SUPPORT Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow 2024 © Snowprint Studios AB. Solgard, Rivengard, and Legend of Solgard are registered trademarks of Snowprint Studios AB, All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Cookie Notice:
We use only essential cookies on this website to ensure its proper function. We do not use marketing or tracking cookies. By continuing to browse, you agree to these necessary cookies. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy Accept More Information