Social Snowball | Influencer, Affiliate, & Referral Platform for DTC Product Customer Referrals Influencer Marketing Safelinks TikTok Shop Affiliate Pricing Case Studies Resources Playbooks & Guides Blog Newsletter Academy Affiliate Commission Calculator Login Get a Demo Login Product Customer Referrals Influencer Marketing Safelinks TikTok Shop Affiliate Pricing Case Studies Resources Playbooks & Guides Blog Newsletter Academy Affiliate Commission Calculator Login Get a Demo Login 4.9/5 on Scale your affiliate revenue with creators & ambassadors Build and grow all of your word-of-mouth marketing programs from one place. Get a Demo Start Now Powering affiliate & referral programs for over 2,500 brands Your control center for everything word-of-mouth Referral programs customers actually use Give $10 off, get $10 off? Not anymore. Create engaging referral programs that activate customers into affiliates and give them strong incentives to drive referrals. Learn More Simplified influencer & creator management Unlock attribution for influencers, automate product seeding, build branded sign-up pages, communicate over email and SMS, and send payouts across payment providers with one-click. Learn More TikTok Shop affiliate management Unify your DTC and TikTok Shop affiliate programs. Learn More Eliminate affiliate code leaks and coupon abuse with Safelinks Allow affiliates to share discounts at scale without the risk of a code leaking to a coupon site. Learn More Over 2,500 innovative DTC brands scale their word-of-mouth partnerships with Social Snowball $1.5m + Incremental revenue $10 CPA 22.86x ROI Andrew Jeter, Director of Growth "Safelinks from Social Snowball has been a huge benefit to us, giving us a lot more peace of mind knowing that we don't have to constantly worry about random codes floating out there on coupon sites." Read Full Story 17% of GMV generated from affiliates 9.8x ROI 22M monthly impressions Oliver Brocato, Founder of Tabs "Social Snowball handles the impossible task of organizing our army of creators & makes influencer management easy, all while keeping the data super digestible." Read Full Story $150,000 Monthly incremental revenue 12X ROI Simon Bjorn, Founder “Building out a program like ours in Social Snowball is a no brainer. Once you use it and see the features, then you will get it. I've tried all the other tools, and I can say with confidence that it's the best pick for running a referral or affiliate program for any DTC business.” Read Full Story 4x increase in affiliate revenue 66.7% lower CAC than paid ads 10+ hours saved weekly Lauren Bonfig, Sr. Director of Brand Marketing “Social Snowball is a game changer for any brand that’s really looking to activate their community, inclusive of customers and influencers, in a meaningful and business-driving fashion without the headache. There’s just no one else out there doing it quite like they are.” Read Full Story Affiliate marketing redesigned to empower modern creators and consumers Explore the functionality that brands use to build, scale, and automate modern influencer & referral programs - all in one place 5X referrals by turning customers and fans into affiliates automatically Why put so much effort into a smooth checkout experience, just to make those same customers jump through hoops to become affiliates? Attribution and ROI data for your influencer & creator partnerships Unlock the attribution data of your creator partnerships. Configure your own attribution settings and view a clear picture of the customer journey. Painless cash and gift card payouts Bulk send cash, gift cards, and store credit payments directly to affiliates with 2 clicks. Let affiliates choose where they want to redeem their earnings from a branded self-serve payout redemption portal. Eliminate affiliate code leaks & coupon abuse Meet Safelinks: An affiliate link that generates unique, single-use discount codes for every customer that clicks on it - eliminating coupon fraud and affiliate attribution errors. Automate product seeding and influencer gifting Send gifts from your product catalog in a few clicks, and let influencers redeem them self-serve from their affiliate dashboard. Easy customization Customize every touchpoint of your programs to fit your brand. Bespoke program & tier structures made simple Segment affiliates into different programs and tiers automatically based on any targeting criteria. TikTok Shop affiliate management Unify your DTC and TikTok Shop affiliate management. Social listening Effortlessly save, analyze, and download your tagged posts and mentions. Integrations Deep integrations with your marketing stack Connect Social Snowball with the apps you know and love. Automate email flows, integrate post-purchase surveys, view affiliate traffic data, & lots more. We love our customers and they love us "We couldn’t be more thrilled with our experience using Social Snowball! From the moment we signed up, the onboarding process was incredibly smooth and straightforward, thanks to the exceptional support from the team, especially Mals. The platform’s functionality is top-notch, and we are seeing fantastic results by managing both our creator and customer affiliate programs through it. We highly recommend Social Snowball for its effectiveness and ease of use!" ‍ Lucas R. Senechal Influencer Marketing Manager "Social Snowball has been a game changer for us right from the start. It's been amazing for our small business, helping us really get our influencer marketing to where it needs to be—efficient and streamlined like never before. What blows me away is the support. Seriously, it doesn't get better than this. Quick, helpful answers anytime we hit a snag? Yes, please! It's made everything so much smoother and more fun. There's no reason to shop for other influencer marketing apps - just go for Social Snowball!" ‍ Hayley Segar Founder “Social Snowball is a game changer for any brand that’s really looking to activate their community, inclusive of customers and influencers, in a meaningful and business-driving fashion without the headache. There’s just no one else out there doing it quite like they are.” Lauren Bonfig Sr. Director, Brand Marketing "Whether you need an affiliate marketing platform or an easy way for your customers to share their own referral links, Social Snowball makes both of them easy. My favorite feature about Social Snowball is Safelinks, the dynamic coupon codes, which prevent leaks to coupon code sites. It's also very easy to setup and manage." ‍ Nik Sharma Founder & CEO "Social Snowball is the best affiliate marketing app that we have used to date. With their automations and great onboarding our team has saved countless hours that are now used to source, onboard and activate more affiliates." Andrew Silberstein Founder “Social Snowball is an amazing software for managing affiliate marketing programs. What truly sets them apart is their exceptional level of service. Their team is always willing to jump in and assist, providing support that is both timely and insightful. Moreover, they are continually innovating, adding new and amazing features that make the platform even more powerful. Social Snowball is truly building the best affiliate software on the market.” Max DeWolf Director of E-commerce "Social Snowball is an outstanding, user-friendly platform that benefits both our company and partners. I am thoroughly impressed with the results thus far and am eager to continue leveraging the platform and exploring its long term potential!" ‍ Katherine Johnson Influencer and Community Specialist Ready to automate your word-of-mouth programs? Install now and launch your first program in minutes. Get a Demo Start Now Level up with free resources Social Snowball Academy Playbooks & Guides Learn from our Blog Subscribe to our Newsletter © 2026 Social Snowball Product Start Now Schedule Demo Referrals Influencers Safelinks TikTok Shop Affiliate Pricing FAQs Affiliate Marketplace Waitlist Status Partners Hire an affiliate marketing expert Zapier Storetasker Integrations Become a Partner Resources Blog Newsletter Help Center Submit a Request Playbooks and Guides Social Snowball Academy Affiliate Commission Calculator Legal Merchant Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Terms of Service Data Processing Contact support@socialsnowball.io