Soda PDF - Software with Desktop and Online solutions for your PDF Files. Back-to-school is here! Unlock your discount now! menu Features Quick Tools AI Tools Chat with PDF Translate PDF AI PDF summarizer Organize & Manage Merge PDF Compress PDF Convert PDF Split PDF View & Edit Edit PDF Resize PDF PDF Reader E-Sign Convert from PDF PDF to Word PDF to Excel PDF to PPT Convert to PDF Word to PDF Excel to PDF PPT to PDF TXT to PDF Convert Image PNG to PDF JPG to PDF PDF to JPG View all tools Plans Business Contact sales team Benefits for IT Support Search Try Soda PDF Desktop Start free trial Please verify your account Please verify your account Open Soda PDF Online Access Soda PDF Desktop Account Sign out Sign in Sign up Simplifying PDFs with powerful, easy-to-use software Make managing your PDFs effortless. Edit, merge, convert, compress, sign, and secure your documents—everything you need is just a few clicks away. Start free trial Buy now Unlock the power of AI with Soda PDF Try out our latest AI tools available exclusively with Soda PDF Online: AI Assistant lets you explore your documents effortlessly—ask questions, find answers, or get quick summaries to save time on research and review. With Translate PDF , language is no longer a barrier. Translate your files into different languages while keeping the original layout intact. Translate Edit Merge & Compress Create & Convert OCR Translate Effortlessly translate while keeping the format intact, exclusively on Soda PDF Online Transform your PDFs into another language while keeping the original layout intact. Translate business reports, academic papers, or personal documents with just a few clicks, effortlessly and accurately. How to translate a PDF file Edit Revising a document is hard, we make it easy Create, modify or remove text in your PDF. Draw, stamp, whiteout & highlight paragraphs. How to edit a PDF document Merge & Compress Shape your documents without losing their form Merge various file types like Word, Excel & PowerPoint into a PDF. Rearrange or delete pages from your PDFs with ease and compress PDFs to a smaller file size without losing quality How to merge PDF How to compress PDF Create & Convert Put paperless solutions into power Create PDFs from scratch, from a scan, URL or any document format. Convert Microsoft Office files to and from PDFs. Batch convert multiple files simultaneously Learn how to Create & Convert PDF OCR Oh snap! Spot text within images Automatically scan & recognize text within an image. Manually select areas of an image for text recognition and turn individual or multiple page ranges into editable PDFs How to use OCR PDF One solution, accessible across all your favorite platforms Enjoy the reliability of our desktop software for uninterrupted, offline work, or the flexibility of our online platform to access and manage your PDFs from any device, anywhere—with cloud storage built in. For Windows Soda PDF Desktop Download our desktop application & access our professional tools offline Download Soda PDF Desktop In any browser Soda PDF Online Use our PDF software solution online from your web browser on any device. Try our online tools For Google Chrome Soda PDF Extension Install the extension & make PDF tasks easier than ever before in Google Chrome. Add to Google Chrome Easy access Work across multiple devices Access your files online or offline on any platform. Start from your computer, save to Dropbox, Google Drive, SharePoint or Evernote & finish the job on your phone. Start free trial Save time Prepare documents faster Quickly convert multiple files with our batch tool. Avoid re-typing by transforming scanned documents or images into editable PDFs in just a few clicks. Start free trial Efficient workflows Manage files smarter Protect your information through cost-effective security measures. Whiteout or redact sensitive information, secure files with a password or set permissions, export PDFs to other file types or archive your data using the PDF/A format. Start free trial Try our free quick tools! Discover Soda PDF’s free, no-hassle quick tools, built to make your PDF tasks simpler. Whether you need fast edits or quick file conversions, our online platform offers a seamless experience—no software installation needed. Merge PDF Merge multiple files into a single PDF document Compress PDF Make your PDF smaller with just a few clicks Edit PDF Edit PDF files with our wide range of free* tools Convert PDF Convert to PDF or convert from PDF files quickly Split PDF Split your large PDF files into separate, smaller files E-Sign PDF to Word PDF to Excel PDF to PPT Resize PDF PDF to JPG Rotate PDF PPT to PDF Excel to PDF Word to PDF Protect PDF Unlock PDF PDF Reader OCR PDF Delete PDF Watermark HTML to PDF Made for Professionals With advanced security and collaboration features, Soda PDF is easy to adopt and helps increase productivity. Access all Soda PDF functionalities in the cloud, from any mobile device. You can even prepare and send your contracts for e-signature directly through Soda PDF. With multiple deployment options, volume licensing discounts and a dedicated support team, businesses have it all. Learn more about Soda PDF for Business Request a free quote *Size and daily usage limitations may apply. en en fr de it es pt ru sv id ja ko pl tr hi cn Soda PDF Desktop software Online tools Avanquest Developers Best PDF Tools Edit PDF Merge PDF Word to PDF AI PDF Tools Chat with PDF Translate PDF AI PDF summarizer Resources Resource Center Contact sales team Blog Form templates Soda ® is a registered trademark of Avanquest Software ® . Avanquest Corporate Website Job Opportunities Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service EULA Imprint CCPA Soda PDF Desktop is currently not available for macOS. You can use Soda PDF Online as an alternative version This application is currently only available on PC. You can use Soda PDF Online as an alternative version This extension is currently only available on Google Chrome browser The Chrome extension is already installed in your browser.