Sofitel Hotels and Resorts | Luxury and Sophistication Skip to main content This site requires javascript for full functionality. Please enable the javascript in your browser. Menu Hotels & Resorts Back All hotels Sofitel Legend City hotels Resort hotels Airport hotels By region Europe America Asia Pacific Middle East Africa By Inspiration Get Inspired Pets friendly Golf Waterfront Terraces & Rooftops Elevate Loyalty Indulge in luxury and acquire double or triple points. Step into timeless sophistication, reflecting the art and style of French luxury. Discover Offers Experiences Back Culinary Arts La Haute Croissanterie Hedonistic wellness Family getaway Club Millésime Festive Season Meetings & Celebrations Back Meetings and conferences Weddings About us Back Sofitel Legend Sofitel Committed Luxury All Loyalty Program ALL Accor Loyalty Magazine Back Travel Wellness News and Events Culinary Arts Art and Culture Discover Sofitel Boutique Back Sofitel MY BED Linens Bedding Bath Rituals More EN Back Select your location and language below Geographical area Country/Region - Language Confirm my location and language EUR (€) Back Select your currency below Geographical area Currency Confirm my currency Votre navigateur ne supporte pas la balise vidéo. Play video Book your stay Book your stay error (s) Core booking engine You’ll be redirected to Accor
        website to view available hotels and book your stay Close window error (s) Where do you want to travel? Booking Dates Rooms & Guests 1 Room(s) - 1 Guest(s) Room 1 Room 1 Adult(s) - Remove an adult +Add an adult Child(ren) - Remove a child +Add a child Delete Add a room Special rates Search Where do you want to travel? Welcome to Sofitel, where life lives with a French zest . See more See less CULINARY ARTISTS, MASTER MIXOLOGISTS CULINARY ARTISTS, MASTER MIXOLOGISTS Savor the joyful celebration of local culture, enhanced by an authentic French twist. Discover more Votre navigateur ne supporte pas la balise vidéo. ART OF SLEEP ART OF SLEEP At Sofitel, sleep is extra-ordinary starting with the Sofitel MY BED. Discover more Votre navigateur ne supporte pas la balise vidéo. HEDONISTIC WELLNESS HEDONISTIC WELLNESS Indulge to the fullest through honored techniques and sumptuous settings. Discover more Votre navigateur ne supporte pas la balise vidéo. FAMILY GETAWAY FAMILY GETAWAY Marking life's moments, 
celebrating generations, 
cherishing each other: Sofitel 
treasures family. Discover more Votre navigateur ne supporte pas la balise vidéo. 1 / 4 Hotels & Resorts Discover our destinations, where French elegance meets local soul. From iconic cities to tranquil escapes, each stay is a journey of culture, warmth, and timeless hospitality. Sofitel Mexico City Reforma Sofitel Dubai The Obelisk Sofitel Bali Nusa Dua Beach Resort Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam Sofitel New York Sofitel Sydney Darling Harbour Sofitel Ambassador Seoul Hotel & Serviced Residences Restaurants & Bars Previous Slide 1
                    / 5 Next Slide Wild Honey St James London Set within our luxury hotel, Wild Honey St James is one of London’s most esteemed Michelin-starred restaurants. It’s all thanks to celebrated chef Anthony Demetre, and his creative blending of fine British produce with a touch of French flair. Discover more Oriole Garden Bistro Amsterdam Our delightful Oriole Garden Bistro and Executive Chef Raoul Meuwese welcome you with an ever-changing menu of delicious seasonal Mediterranean dishes featuring fresh herbs, vegetables and honey from the hotel’s rooftop garden. Discover more Laguna Beach Dubai Set on the shore, Laguna Beach Taverna & Lounge is the destination for dreamy days and al fresco dining in paradise. Our beach taverna serves authentic Mediterranean dishes in a setting of sandy-stone and natural wood that elicits pure relaxation. Discover more Fait Maison Seoul Chic leather banquettes, set against magnificent vistas of Seokchon Lake. Touches of opulence in gold and violet. The warm, enticing aromas of a Parisian bistro, singing of rich, buttery sauces and melt-in-your-mouth textures. Welcome to Fait Maison. Discover more Settimo Roman Cuisine & Terrace Rome Sweeping views of the Seven Hills with St. Peter's Basilica dominating the skyline. Garden-inspired surrounds evoking the park of the Villa Borghese. Roman cuisine honouring centuries of tradition. Welcome to our culinary haven on the rooftop. Discover more 1 2 3 4 5 Wellness venues Sofitel Legend Old Cataract Aswan Sofitel Spa Sofitel Baru Calablanca Sofitel Spa Sofitel Dubai The Palm Sofitel Spa by l'Occitane Sofitel Marrakech Sofitel Spa Sofitel Mauritius L'Impérial Resort & Spa Sofitel Spa with L'Occitane Sofitel Legend Santa Clara Cartagena Spa Get social Stay in touch Sign up for exclusive content, events and offers. Sign up Accor Loyalty Programme Unexpected experiences, generous benefits and exclusive rewards. Open the door to endless possibility and get ready to live life to the fullest with ALL, Accor’s exceptional loyalty program. Discover Sofitel Exclusive offers Subscribe Need help? Need help? My bookings Contact Us Room reservation center Professional Solutions Professional Solutions Business Travel Meetings & Events Travel professionals Navigation Navigation Web accessibility Sitemap Company Company Accor Group Management & Franchises Careers Sustainable Development Affiliate programme Residences Mobile APP Mobile APP iOS app Android app Luxury 14 Partners (14) Premium 15 Partners (15) Midscale 7 Partners (7) Economy 7 Partners (7) Terms and Conditions of Services Privacy Cookies Legal notice Do not sell my Personal Information