Digital Transformation Solutions & Services | Software AG Products Enterprise Applications Adabas & Natural Use Adabas & Natural to build and deploy high-performance applications on IBM Z, Linux or cloud while connecting seamlessly to the latest innovations. Data Integration CONNX Use CONNX to easily access, virtualize and move your data- wherever it is, however it's structured- to power new apps, analytics, AI and hybrid cloud. Mainframe Optimization JOPAZ Use JOPAZ to redistribute COBOL workloads and reclaim capacity to improve performance, implement new workloads, and scale for growth. Looking for Something Else? Products A-Z Services Professional Services Ask for a free workshop Application and Database Management Education Services Upgrade Services Resources Explore Blog What's new & noteworthy in Digital Transformation Customer Stories Education & Training Free Trials Learn Resources Explore and learn more Demos Datasheets Videos White Papers Support Community Connect and collaborate with your peers Customer Support Get in touch with our customer support experts Developer Center A one-stop shop for developer resources Documentation Find product manuals, technical specs and more Training Learn and get certified on our products Trust Portal Security, privacy & compliance documentation EN EN DE BR ES JA Try a Demo Get in Touch Skip to main content Products Enterprise Applications Adabas & Natural Use Adabas & Natural to build and deploy high-performance applications on IBM Z, Linux or cloud while connecting seamlessly to the latest innovations. Data Integration CONNX Use CONNX to easily access, virtualize and move your data- wherever it is, however it's structured- to power new apps, analytics, AI and hybrid cloud. Mainframe Optimization JOPAZ Use JOPAZ to redistribute COBOL workloads and reclaim capacity to improve performance, implement new workloads, and scale for growth. Looking for Something Else? Products A-Z Services Professional Services Ask for a free workshop Application and Database Management Education Services Upgrade Services Resources Explore Blog What's new & noteworthy in Digital Transformation Customer Stories Education & Training Free Trials Learn Resources Explore and learn more Demos Datasheets Videos White Papers Support Community Connect and collaborate with your peers Customer Support Get in touch with our customer support experts Developer Center A one-stop shop for developer resources Documentation Find product manuals, technical specs and more Training Learn and get certified on our products Trust Portal Security, privacy & compliance documentation EN EN DE BR ES JA Try a Demo Get in Touch JOPAZ Optimize mainframe workload efficiency. Gain capacity by reducing COBOL workload on the central processor without sacrificing performance. Watch Demo Talk to an Expert 57% The percentage of data breaches that involve internal actors. Maximize security 10K The number of enterprises that are making digital transformation happen. Want to know how? Read their stories 70% The percentage of IT decision makers that say technical debt has increased in the last year. Read the research What can we help you with today? Try for free Schedule a demo Meet our professional services team adabas & natural Enterprise Applications Get more out of your enterprise systems. Develop, modernize and deploy your mission-critical applications on IBM Z® Systems, Linux® or cloud while connecting seamlessly to the latest innovations. Discover Adabas & Natural connx Data Virtualization & Movement Use CONNX to easily access, virtualize and move your data—wherever it is, however it’s structured—to power new apps, analytics, AI and hybrid cloud. Discover CONNX jopaz Mainframe Optimization Use JOPAZ to shift COBOL workloads off your central processor, immediately reduce MIPs, and free up capacity for innovation. Discover JOPAZ Want to try for yourself? Be our guest. Build modern applications faster Develop high-performance applications in a modern DevOps environment Run on-prem, in the cloud or hybrid Connect seamlessly with new innovations Try Adabas & Natural Community Edition If our customers can do it, you can too. DELJIS: Keeping Delaware safe with one criminal justice system DELJIS has continuously modernized their IT—while relying on the rock-solid security and resiliency of its IBM Z platform to host decades of sensitive, highly regulated criminal justice data in Software AG’s Adabas database. Read their story Just browsing? Here are some good reads. Datasheet Future-Proof Your Mission-Critical Apps with Adabas & Natural 2050+ Transform legacy applications while optimizing costs, modernizing development, and attracting new talent. Adabas & Natural 2050+ helps you balance innovation with efficiency. Read datasheet whitepaper Mainframe data integration for digital innovation and cloud analytics Leverage your mainframe data to make better decisions and serve customers. The right approach to a hybrid architecture allows seamless operations between on-premises applications and cloud platforms. Read whitepaper webinar Access, Analytics & AI: The 3 A’s of Mainframe Data Demands Explore secure access, analytics, and AI for mainframe data. Learn scalable, no-code solutions that transform data management without sacrificing performance. Watch webinar Datasheet Adabas & Natural Managed Services Overcome workforce challenges and optimize your Adabas & Natural environment with Software AG Managed Services. Read datasheet About Careers Sustainability Disclosure Policy Discover Resources Library Blog Developer Services Training Connect Contact Us Get Support Join a Community Documentation Stay In Touch © 2020-2025 Software GmbH Terms of Use Imprint Privacy The name Software AG and all Software AG product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Software GmbH and/or its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates and/or their licensors. Other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.