Softronics Cloud Services: Easy - Flexible - Close News | About us | Contact | Support | | DE EN | EUR CHF EUR USD | Login MyDrive Swiss Premium FTP Premium FTP Virtual Server DE EN Softronics Easy. Flexible. Close Cloud Storage FTP Storage Virtual Server Cloud Storage Your fast and versatile cloud storage for all tasks. Access from any device – simply and intuitively. Supports integration via WebDAV. Choose from multiple locations. MyDrive Server located in Switzerland. MyDrive Price advantage location EU. FTP Storage This cloud storage is aimed at technically proficient users and enables fast data exchange via the FTP protocol. With transfer speeds of up to 500 Mbit/s, it is particularly efficient. The storage is also available under your own domain. Choose from multiple locations. Swiss Premium FTP Server located in Switzerland. Premium FTP Price advantage location EU. Virtual Server Our latest-generation virtual servers offer maximum performance, fast NVMe storage, maximum security and flexible use. Install and use your applications as required. Choose from multiple locations. Swiss Premium Server Server located in Switzerland. Premium Server Price advantage location EU. Cloud Storage Cloud Storage Your fast and versatile cloud storage for all tasks. Access from any device – simply and intuitively. Supports integration via WebDAV. Choose from multiple locations. MyDrive Server located in Switzerland. MyDrive Price advantage location EU. FTP Storage FTP Storage This cloud storage is aimed at technically proficient users and enables fast data exchange via the FTP protocol. With transfer speeds of up to 500 Mbit/s, it is particularly efficient. The storage is also available under your own domain. Choose from multiple locations. Swiss Premium FTP Server located in Switzerland. Premium FTP Price advantage location EU. Virtual Server Virtual Server Our latest-generation virtual servers offer maximum performance, fast NVMe storage, maximum security and flexible use. Install and use your applications as required. Choose from multiple locations. Swiss Premium Server Server located in Switzerland. Premium Server Price advantage location EU. EUR CHF EUR USD Login MyDrive Swiss Premium FTP Premium FTP Virtual Server News About us Contact Support State-of-the-art Cloud solutions by Softronics Cloud Storage Your fast and versatile cloud storage for all tasks. Access from any device – simply and intuitively. Supports integration via WebDAV. Choose from multiple locations. MyDrive Server located in Switzerland. MyDrive Price advantage location EU. Up to 3 months for free! FTP Storage This cloud storage is aimed at technically proficient users and enables fast data exchange via the FTP protocol. With transfer speeds of up to 500 Mbit/s, it is particularly efficient. The storage is also available under your own domain. Choose from multiple locations. Swiss Premium FTP Server located in Switzerland. Premium FTP Price advantage location EU. Up to 3 months for free! Virtual Server Our latest-generation virtual servers offer maximum performance, fast NVMe storage, maximum security and flexible use. Install and use your applications as required. Choose from multiple locations. Swiss Premium Server Server located in Switzerland. Premium Server Price advantage location EU. Up to 3 months for free! News New App Version Our MyDrive app has been modernised and simplified. Update your app and enjoy the new features. To article More Value for Your MyDrive Subscription – at the Same Price! Due to high demand, we’ve increased the number of additional users included in our Private, Private Pro, and Home subscriptions. And the best part: The price stays the same. ... To article FTP Access with SSH Keys Now you can also connect to your FTP Server using SSH Keys – securely and easily. You can also enable SSH access for your users individually , giving you full... To article Price advantage through choice of location In addition to our proven server location in Switzerland , Softronics also offers you server locations in the EU . This means that you not only benefit from the usual... To article Your logo as a direct link to your website - now new at MyDrive! From now on, you can not only add your personal logo to your MyDrive page, but also link it directly to your website ! One click on the logo... To article Show more Softronics Products Cloud Storage FTP Storage Virtual Server Other News About us Security Partners GTC Privacy Contact Contact Form Softronics Communication AG St. Dionysstrasse 31 CH-8645 Rapperswil-Jona © 1997 - 2026 Softronics Communication AG