Home Page - Software Heritage Close Mission Heritage Science Industry Approach Archive Features Browse Save Code Now Save Research Software Benefits Guidelines (HOWTO) Save Legacy Code SWH Acquisition Process Software Stories Browser extensions Community Users Ambassadors Developers Scientists Students Grants Support us Sponsors Interest groups Archives and Libraries Interest Group Partners Mirrors Testimonials Donate About FAQ Team Advisory Board Work with us Communication kit News Blog Events Newsletter Publications Annual Reports Donate English Français Español Home Development Documentation Operational Login Software Heritage Mission Heritage Science Industry Approach Archive Features Browse Save Code Now Save Research Software Benefits Guidelines (HOWTO) Save Legacy Code SWH Acquisition Process Software Stories Browser extensions Community Users Ambassadors Developers Scientists Students Grants Support us Sponsors Interest groups Archives and Libraries Interest Group Partners Mirrors Testimonials Donate About FAQ Team Advisory Board Work with us Communication kit News Blog Events Newsletter Publications Annual Reports Donate English Français Español Software [is our] Heritage Software is fragile unlike words carved in stone it can be deleted or get corrupted Software is the key to access information and a fundamental part of human heritage Software Heritage preserves software source code for present and future generations We are building the universal software archive Browse the archive We collect and preserve software in source code form, because software embodies our technical and scientific knowledge and humanity cannot afford the risk of losing it. Software is a precious part of our cultural heritage. We curate and make accessible all the software we collect, because only by sharing it we can guarantee its preservation in the very long term. Discover our mission Use the Archive Browse You can search which software origins (repositories, source packages, etc.) we have already archived and when we have visited it, implementing a “wayback machine” for source code. Once an origin of interest has been identified, the web app allows to browse through it as you usually do with version control system browsing interfaces. Browse the archive Save Code Now You can trigger instant archiving of any source code repository that is not yet ingested in the Software Heritage archive, or that is not up to date. This complements the regular crawling of software origins that is performed on the main code hosting platforms, and gives you the possibility of ensuring that the code you are interested in is properly archived. Save Code Now Archive Research Software You can archive seamlessly your research software artifacts, and add to your research articles precise references to specific versions of the source code, down to fragments of individual source files. Just follow the link below for the guidelines. Save research software Rescue Legacy Code You can contribute to rescue and curate landmark legacy source code while it is still possible to get hold of it, and talk to the people that created it. For this, you can follow the SWHAP process, developed in collaboration with UNESCO and the University of Pisa. Rescue legacy code Do we already have your code? We harvest publicly available source code from many software projects and keep up with development happening there. As of today our archive already contains and keeps safe for you: Source files loading… Commits loading… Projects loading… Search archived software projects Search Check if we already have source code you care about Drag & drop here source code files (.c, .java, .py, …) or enter their SHA1 . Your files will not be uploaded, but locally hashed by your browser. Files larger than 20 MB may take a while to process, use with care. Search Clear API Programmatic access to the content of the archive is available via the Software Heritage API . The API allows to navigate the archive as a graph of development-related objects, such as file contents, directories, commits, releases. With the API developers can lookup individual objects by their IDs, retrieve their metadata, and jump from one to another following links — e.g., from commits to the corresponding directories or parent commits, from releases to released commits, etc. The API also allows to retrieve crawling information, such as tracked software origins and the full list of visits performed on each of them. This allows, for instance, to know when snapshots of a specific Git repository where taken and, for each of them, where each branch was pointing at the time. Read the API documentation It concerns all of us. And you can help! Software is so pervasive in our lives that its preservation concerns all of us. Our mission and the archive we are building will serve the needs of the many, from cultural institutions to scientists and industries . Everyone can help us achieving these ambitious goals. Heritage Software is an important part of human production. It is also a key enabler for salvaging our entire digital heritage. We collect, preserve, and make accessible source code for the benefits of present and future generations. Learn more and help Science Science relies more and more on software. To guarantee scientific reproducibility we need to preserve it. Amassing source code at this scale will be challenging, but will also enable the next generation of software studies. Learn more and help Industry Software is present in all industrial processes and products. The universal source code archive we are building will help industry with provenance tracking, long-term archival, and software bill of materials. Learn more and help Initiator Inria Read More Diamond Sponsors IBM Read More Microsoft Read More Platinum sponsors CEA Read More CNRS Read More Huawei Read More Infosys Read More MESRI Read More Gold Sponsors Amazon Web Services Read More Google Read More Open Invention Network Read More Université de Paris Read More Silver Sponsors AdaCore Read More CRKN consortium Read More Directorate General of Armaments – DGA Read More French Government (DINUM) Read More GitHub Read More Sorbonne Université Read More Università di Pisa Read More Bronze Sponsors CSAL – Consortium of Swiss Academic Libraries Read More NWO – Dutch Research Council Read More Sant’Anna School of Advanced Studies Read More Scuola Normale Superiore Read More Université de Lorraine Read More Université Paris Saclay Read More Back to top Follow us Join our newsletter About Mission People Legal Contact Join us! Heritage Science Industry Jobs Community Developers Scientists Blog Donate In collaboration with Search: English Français ( French ) Español ( Spanish )