Softline Global About Us Services & Solutions Contacts Events News Search Contact Us Digital Transformation. Successful. Effective. Softline Group (Softline PJSC) is an investment and technology holding company, leading in several technology market segments, with over 30 years of experience and a broad regional presence in Russia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Indonesia, and the UAE. With a workforce of over 11,000 employees,
            more than half of whom are engineers and developers, we are recognized as one of the
            fastest-growing companies in the sector, achieving a turnover 1.3 billion dollars in 2024.
            We accelerate digital transformation for approximately 100,000 end customers across diverse sectors by connecting them with over 5,000 top-tier IT vendors. What we offer At Softline, we specialize in digital transformation and cybersecurity, delivering cutting-edge industry solutions powered by AI, Big Data, Computer Vision, IoT, and Cloud Services. Our expertise enhances operational efficiency, fortifies security measures, and drives innovation through tailored IT solutions. Software General application software for medium and large businesses Solutions Industry application software for key sectors of the economy Services Professional services with access to best practices and technical expertise Information Security Digital security products for today's cyber threat landscape Softline Software Products Tailored software solutions for diverse industries Industry Solutions Based on AI, ML, IoT, Big Data, VR/AR technologies Softline Services Cybersecurity services , ITSM and Consulting Custom Development 5 Dev Centers, 4700+ developers, 3500+ projects over 23+ years Cybersecurity Comprehensive security services Infrastructure A combination of hardware, software, networks, facilities, and related services that enable efficient IT operations Business Solutions Tailored IT Solutions for Businesses We help organizations across all industries Healthcare Finance Government Oil & Gas Manufacturing Mining Education Retail Telecom & Media Agriculture Energy & Utilities Transport & Logistics Softline Group serves 106 000+ organizations from all industries with 5000+ best-in-class vendors. The introduction of smart helmets for safety control at the field AiLine Implementation of the prediction of milk fat content based on AI Select city Select region Almaty Dubai Ho Chi Minh Tashkent Moscow Saint Petersburg Belgorod Vladivostok Volgograd Voronezh Yekaterinburg Izhevsk Irkutsk Kazan Kaliningrad Krasnodar Krasnoyarsk Nizhny Novgorod Novosibirsk Omsk Perm Rostov-on-Don Samara Surgut Tomsk Tyumen Ufa Khabarovsk Chelyabinsk Yaroslavl Moscow Moscow Softline Head Office 115114, Moscow, Derbenevskaya Naberezhnaya, 7, Novospassky Business Quarter, Bldg. 8 +7 (495) 232-0023 info@softline.com PJSC «Softline» PSRN 1027736009333 TIN 7736227885 Contact Moscow Softline Training Center 115088, Moscow, 2nd Yuzhnoportovy Proezd, 31, Bldg. 1 +7 (800) 50-50-50-7 edusales@softline.ru Contact Moscow Softline in Skolkovo Moscow, Skolkovo Innovation Center, Bolshoy Boulevard, 42, Bldg. 1, Technopark, 2nd floor, office 552 +7 (495) 232-0023 info@softline.com Contact Moscow Softline Ecommerce 115088, Moscow, 2nd Yuzhnoportovy Proezd, 20A, Bldg. 4 +7 (495) 232-52-16 info@allsoft.ru Free call from Moscow: 8 (495) 232-52-16 (automatic, multi-line) Free call from Russian regions: 8 (800) 200-22-33 Contact Dubai Dubai Dubai Dubai, UAE mena@softline.com Contact Almaty Almaty Almaty Almaty, Kazakhstan CentralAsia@softline.com Contact Tashkent Tashkent Tashkent Tashkent, Uzbekistan CentralAsia@softline.com Contact Ho Chi Minh Ho Chi Minh Ho Chi Minh Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam APAC@softline.com Contact Jakarta Jakarta Jakarta Jakarta, Indonesia CentralAsia@softline.com Contact Partners News Digital Strategies of the UAE: The Path to Global IT and Technology Leadership We are pleased to announce that our Regional Director for MENA, Evgeny Kurtukov, has participated in the Global CIO project, providing valuable insights into the IT sector in the UAE. Check the interview here 31.03.2025 Softline Group Announces Expansion into the Indonesian Market Indonesia is one of the top 20 economies in the world and the fourth most populous country, with nearly 30% of its population under 30 years old. 04.12.2024 Softline Group participated in Vietnam Cyber Security Day 2024 Softline Group (PJSC "Softline"), a leading provider of digital transformation and cybersecurity solutions, took part in Vietnam Cyber Security Day 2024. Together with Positive Technologies, the group participated as a silver partner for the event, held on November 21st, 2024, in Hanoi. At their joint booth, they showcased a comprehensive portfolio of cybersecurity solutions. 22.11.2024 Softline Group Expands Global Presence with New Office in Uzbekistan Softline Group (Softline PJSC), a leading provider of digital transformation and cybersecurity solutions, is expanding into the Central Asian market with the opening of a new office in Uzbekistan. 22.10.2024 Softline Group participates at Saudi Arabia’s Leading Smart Cities Event - Smart Cities Saudi Expo Softline Group (PJSC "Softline"), a leading provider of digital transformation and cybersecurity solutions with a robust portfolio of proprietary products and services, participated in Saudi Arabia's largest event, the Smart Cities Saudi Expo, which took place from September 24 to 26 in Riyadh. At its dedicated booth, Softline showcased industry-specific solutions from Softline Digital, including Proteqta, Fundamento, AiLine, and Grosa, which garnered significant interest from clients in the industrial, construction, and retail sectors. 26.09.2024 Softline Group Opens Representative Office in Vietnam Softline Group (Softline PJSC), a leading global provider of digital transformation and cybersecurity solutions, is pleased to announce the opening of a representative office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. This expansion marks a significant step in the company’s previously announced international growth strategy 06.09.2024 We are always looking for new talent job@softline.com About Us Services & Solutions Contacts Events © 1993—2025 «Softline» JSC Cookies managing We use cookies to provide the best site experience. Accept All Cookie Settings Cookies managing Cookie Settings Cookies necessary for the correct operation of the site are always enabled. Other cookies are configurable. Essential cookies Всегда разрешено Always On. These cookies are essential so that you can use the website and use its
                functions. They cannot be turned off. They're set in response to requests made by
                you, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. Analytics cookies Разрешено Запрещено These cookies collect information to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our Websites for you. See a list of the analytics cookies we use here. Advertising cookies Разрешено Запрещено These cookies provide advertising companies with information about your online activity to help them deliver more relevant online advertising to you or to limit how many times you see an ad. This information may be shared with other advertising companies. See a list of the advertising
                cookies we use here. Confirm Close Contact form Send Message I agree with Privacy Policy Thank you for your request. We will be in touch with you soon.