Free Software Downloads - Soft112 Windows Mac Linux Android iOS Huawei All Categories Reviews Recommended Windows Software Download a trial or buy instantly Back-up from/to the cloud. Protect your data. Configure once and forget about it. Read More Create PDF files as simple as clicking on Print. Free. No uploads. Available 24/7 on your computer. Read More TRENDING APPS Most popular apps currently trending on Soft112 PSSPP - PSP Emulator Games   1.0.35 FREE We're excited to introduce the most straightforward way to emulate and play PSP games and homebrew on your Android device, akin to the experience of modern PS4 and PC gaming, but even simpler. If you've already downloaded PSP games from your PSP... Read More Rating: Nooken VPN   1.0.6 FREE Nooken VPN provides users with a secure and private connection to the internet. It encrypts your online data, hides your IP address, and allows you to browse anonymously, access restricted content, and protect your personal information on public... Read More Rating: MixPrompt - Captions AI Camera   2.10 FREE MixPrompt is our AI-powered teleprompter app featuring teleprompter, greenscreen, and auto captioning all-in-one powerful tool designed for content creators! Simply hit record, talk into the camera and MixPrompt will save you time and energy from... Read More Rating: Weather forecast daily hourly FREE Introducing a free comprehensive weather app designed to keep you informed about current conditions and forecasts effortlessly. With a user-friendly interface, this app provides all the essential weather information you need: Current Conditions:... Read More Rating: Dateolicious Dating App   4.9 FREE Are you Dateoliciously, Dateolicious? Welcome to Dateolicious – Where Real Connections Begin! Finding love, friendship, or meaningful connections shouldn’t come with a price tag. That’s why Dateolicious is the ultimate free dating app, where you... Read More Rating: LATEST REVIEWS Recent evaluations from our editors Hostelworld: Hostel Travel App Editor's rating: Version: 9.92.0 | Reviewed on Dec 15, 2025 Hostel Travel App – Making Travel Cheaper and Easier Are you looking to travel abroad? Trying to find low-cost accommodation? If yes, then this hostel travel app is a must-have for you. Hostelworld: Hostel Travel App is a helpful app that lets you find and book the best and... Continue to app Read full review myCricket Editor's rating: Version: 2.29.0 | Reviewed on Dec 15, 2025 Cricket Game – Manage Your Cricket Wireless Account from Your Phone Are you a subscriber of Cricket Wireless? Want to know about your data plans and data usage without having to visit the website? If yes, then this cricket game is exactly what you need. myCricket is a nice app that allows you... Continue to app Read full review Jump Girl Editor's rating: Version: 1.4.0 | Reviewed on Dec 15, 2025 Jumping Game – Jump over Items to Reach the Finish Line Are you feeling bored? Want to play a game involving jumps and flips? If yes, then this jumping game is exactly what you need. Jump Girl is an entertaining game in which you have to get a girl to the bathtub while... Continue to app Read full review Knights & Dragons Action RPG Editor's rating: Version: 1.74.1 | Reviewed on Dec 04, 2025 RPG Game – Embark on an Adventure of a Lifetime If you have an interest in role-playing games that provide lots of action then this RPG game is a perfect fit for you. Knights & Dragons – Action RPG is a thrilling game in which you get the chance to battle monsters... Continue to app Read full review Agent Dash Editor's rating: Version: 6.2 | Reviewed on Dec 04, 2025 Action Game – License to Run! If you love movies that focus on espionage and are a fan of running games like Temple Run then you should give this action game a try. Agent Dash is a thrilling game which lets you become a government agent whose job is to... Continue to app Read full review Cooking Craze: Restaurant Game Editor's rating: Version: 2.9.1 | Reviewed on Dec 04, 2025 Cooking Game – Fulfill All the Orders of the Customers Do you like to cook? Want to work in a restaurant? If yes, then you will find this cooking game to your liking. Cooking Craze: Restaurant Game is a fun game in which you get to cook a variety of snacks and dishes and serve... Continue to app Read full review Smart Compass Editor's rating: Version: 1.8.23 | Reviewed on Dec 02, 2025 Compass App – Don’t Ever Get Lost Do you frequently get lost on camping trips or hiking trails? If yes, then this compass app can prove to be a real lifesaver for you. Smart Compass is a useful app which helps you in finding directions when you are lost... Continue to app Read full review 3D Tennis Editor's rating: Version: 1.8.10 | Reviewed on Dec 02, 2025 3D Tennis – The Most Authentic Tennis Experience on Android If you are a tennis enthusiast and love playing tennis then this is the perfect 3D tennis game for you. 3D Tennis is an entertaining game which allows you to showcase your tennis playing skills and compete against a variety... Continue to app Read full review CSR 2 Realistic Drag Racing Editor's rating: Version: 6.2.1 | Reviewed on Dec 02, 2025 Drag Racing like You Have Never Seen Before If you are a drag racing enthusiast and have an interest in collecting and racing supercars then this racing game is a perfect fit for you. CSR Racing 2 is an entertaining game in which you get the chance to experience drag... Continue to app Read full review Link2SD Editor's rating: Version: 4.3.4 | Reviewed on Nov 19, 2025 A SD Card App that helps you Free up Your Internal Storage Utility apps are great for performing functions that the Android OS doesn’t allow you to perform on its own. While the Android OS has come a long way in terms of offering various functions and utilities to its users, there... Continue to app Read full review View All Reviews TOP DOWNLOADS last week 1000 Followers - Get Likes 6,144 doPDF 2,501 Hitman: Absolution 2,104 Temple Run: Oz 1,692 Call Me! Fake a Call 1,619 Fingerprint Pregnancy Test 2 1,295 Free Recharge 1,141 View All Top Downloads POPULAR SEARCHES installer google file mouse iso control documental opengl root school happy excel datas android free fire template backup whatsapp sound photoshop facebook audio View All Searches Windows Mac Linux Android iOS Reviews Info Contact DMCA Request Submit Software Terms of Use Privacy Policy Latest reviews myCricket Hostelworld: Hostel Travel App Jump Girl Agent Dash Cooking Craze: Restaurant Game Other projects Backup Software PDF Printer Free PDF converter Free Backup software Newsletter Submit © Copyright 2025 Softland . All rights reserved.