Skip to main content
.
Language
About
Login
Solutions
Travel Segments
Why Sojern
Resources
Let's Talk
Drive Demand.
Convert Customers.
Build Loyalty.

Feel the power of the #1 marketing platform for hospitality that grants you unmatched visibility into travel demand and intelligence to make the most of your budget.

Book a Consultation
Explore the Platform
WHO WE SERVE
Solutions to Fit Your Business

When you understand how travel businesses are intertwined and have access to the data that drives those businesses, you’ll gain more knowledge to power your marketing decisions. With this expanded visibility, developing an always-on strategy and leading prospective travelers along a path to purchase becomes simpler than ever.

Learn more about Sojern solutions for Hotels, Destinations, Attractions, and Airlines.

Hotels
Destinations
Attractions
Airlines
Hotels
Find, attract, convert and engage travelers at every stage of their planning and booking journey. Our easy-to-use travel marketing platform was built to boost your business.Drive Direct Bookings
DISCOVER WHAT OUR PLATFORM CAN DO FOR YOU
Boost Growth & Profitability

Focused on travel from day one, the Sojern Marketing Platform for Hospitality provides unparalleled access to the inner-workings of travel. With cutting-edge AI technology—built by a dedicated team of engineers and data scientists, and guided by collective decades of travel experience—we put our expertise to work for you.

Find & Understand: Unrivaled Traveler Insight

Since day one, we’ve maintained an unwavering focus on travel. We aim to solve marketing problems exclusively for the travel industry by constantly seeking to understand traveler buying behavior. Working with Sojern means that we put that knowledge to work for you. We provide more insight into the traveler buying journey than customers can see on their own.

Enrich your first-party data
Profile, find, and target your ideal travelers
Build the perfect audience for whatever you have to offer
Identify & Attract: Intelligent Audiences

Sojern’s AI-powered audiences offer travel marketers a strategic advantage in optimizing their marketing investments. By leveraging AI technology, marketers can make informed decisions on resource allocation, effectively targeting the right customer segments for maximum return on investment and business impact.

Target high intent travelers and deliver high-impact messages cross-channel
Use AI to maximize your first party data
Increase customer engagement with audiences that are enhanced in real time
Activate & Convert: Multichannel Activation & Optimization

Boost your efficiency in customer acquisition almost immediately when you activate media across multiple digital channels. Let Sojern automatically manage and optimize your marketing budget for cross-channel digital advertising, so you can be sure that your always-on campaign is always performing at its peak. Or use our latest Guest Experience Solutions to drive conversions and loyalty directly from your property. Delivering the right message at the right time gives your digital marketing campaigns the power to work harder and smarter.

Engage travelers more efficiently across digital channels: social, display, email, SMS, video and more
Optimize performance to drive awareness, consideration and conversions
Maximize your budget by delivering the right message in the right place at the right time
Engage & Delight: Connected Guest Experience

Sojern’s enhanced Marketing Platform for Hospitality now enables engagement across the entire guest journey with cutting-edge AI-powered technology to optimize booking value for hotels. We can provide hotel marketers with the ability to engage travelers before, during and after their hotel stay.

Increase guest satisfaction and get ahead of issues with customizable in-stay surveys
Boost ancillary revenue through easy email and SMS communication tools, templates, and campaign building
Maximize resources and relieve overburdened teams with automated messaging and message routing.
SEE HOW WE’VE HELPED OUR CLIENTS GROW
Deeper Knowledge Drives Results
76%
video completion rate (YTD)
27:1 ROAS
Overall based on footfall tracking of in-destination visitors
74%
reduction in CPV goal
View More Success Stories
Never Miss a Moment: Multichannel Made Easy

Your ideal travelers constantly navigate across channels as they plan for and purchase their upcoming trip. When you find them at the moment they’re most receptive to your message, you win. Sojern sets you up for virtual victory.

Display
Video
Native
Social
Search Engine Marketing (SEM)
Metasearch
Email
Dynamic Creative Optimization (DCO)
KEY DIFFERENTIATORS
Our Platform Helps Your Dollars Work Harder

The Sojern Travel Marketing Platform is a set of easy-to-use software and creative agency services backed by our own cutting-edge technology to deliver unrivaled traveler insight, intelligent audiences, multichannel activation and optimization, and guest experience solutions—all through a single company. Our combination of data and technology lets you target your ideal travelers with unmatched precision and efficiency.


Why Sojern
What Sets Us Apart
Sojern Traveler Ecosystem™
AI-powered Audiences
Multichannel Activation and Optimization All In One Place
AI-powered Connected Guest Experience
Discover What Our Platform Can Do for You

Target your ideal travelers with unmatched precision and efficiency. Learn how our cutting-edge technology can help you forge better connections with travelers and the market itself.

Book a Consultation
Explore the Platform
Let’s take this to your inbox.
Sign up for the latest updates on travel news, insights, and all things Sojern.
PLATFORM
Travel Advertising Solutions
Guest Experience Solutions
Our Approach to Data
TRAVEL SEGMENTS
Hotels
Destinations
Attractions
Airlines
RESOURCES
Travel Insights
Blog
Reports
Success Stories
Cookieless FAQ
COMPANY
Why Sojern
Partner With Us
Careers
Press
Privacy Center
Sitemap
© Sojern 2025  |  All Rights Reserved
Terms of Service
California Notice at Collection
Your Privacy Choices
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Read our Cookie Policy here
Accept All Cookies Reject All Cookies
Cookie Settings