Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Press enter for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
Home
How to Play?
Free Credits
Market
Farm News
Play Now
FREE ONLINE
SOLITAIRE
Play Now
Way More Than Just Solitaire!

Solitaire Grand Harvest is a free classic solitaire game that lets you play online like you have never played before! Prepare for a game that re-invents nostalgic fun, by going way beyond the classic challenge of clearing your cards.

Make the most of your me-time by winning rewarding prizes & unleashing an exciting world of farming, including mini-games such as puzzles, tournaments, & more!


Why Solitaire Grand Harvest?

Freshly Rewarding
Challenges Every Day

#1 Free Online
Tripeaks Solitaire Game!

A Farming World of
Nostalgic Fun!

Get Tons
of Freebies!

Daily Dose of
Zen playing!

Let's Get Social

Follow us on our social media pages and you’ll never miss freebies & important news from the farm. Join a huge thriving community, & partake in daily exciting challenges, quizzes, giveaways, & more. Your Solitairing experience is about to get a whole lot better!

Sam’s official tips,
jokes & goodies!
Join Now
2.6 Million
community members!
Join Now
Catch the freshest
farm news!
Join Now
Truckload of Free Credits!

With so many ways to win Free Credits, you’ll be coming back to the farm to snatch more & more... From free daily bonuses to huge Grand Prizes, growing your farm has never been so rewarding!

How To Play
Solitaire Grand Harvest?

Playing online solitaire is as easy as selecting and dragging a card to the right pile… and that’s just the start of the fun and games! If you're looking for unlimited Tripeaks Solitaire fun, the Solitaire Grand Harvest has it by the wheelbarrow-load…and how!

A Vast World of Fun
The Home Island

Decorate your Farmhouse, Garden, and Yard in your Home Island by winning levels, earning energy, and using it to get unique items!

The Grand Album

Collect Album Packs of the farm’s best moments, finish sets, & complete your Grand Album to win the Biggest Prize everrrr!

The Seasonal Park

Experience special stories, meet interesting new characters, and throw wonderful events to win Grand prizes!

Farm Pets

Take care of super cute pets, feed & help them grow until they join you and call the farm their forever home!

Dice Challenge

Collect dice in levels & roll them over on the
Growing Treats Board for the chance of winning
non-stop prizes!

Puzzle Challenge

Complete your daily missions, collect puzzle pieces, & reveal eye-catching frames & prizes!


Daily Dose of Zen Playing

Discover an ideal place to not only take a break from the hustle & bustle of daily life but also to calm and focus your mind. Enjoy expanding your farm and growing your crops, during your much-needed me time!

Free Online Solitaire FAQ
HOW TO SET UP A SOLITAIRE GAME?

It really depends on the type of solitaire you’re playing (for example, Solitaire Grand Harvest is a Tripeaks Solitaire game), but you’ll need at least one deck of cards to play, as well as enough space to lay these out.

IS SOLITAIRE GOOD FOR YOUR BRAIN? 

It’s a fantastic way to keep challenged while also being relaxing to play! That’s because there’s no heavy contemplation required, just de-stressing and fun thinking! Read more about the benefits of Solitaire, and how to de-stress while playing it, here!

HOW TO WIN SOLITAIRE?

It sounds easy on paper, but Solitaire is a game of skill. To win at Solitaire, you need to –
• be strategic thinking
• think two (or three, or five, or ten) steps ahead
• Know when to admit defeat!

IS SOLITAIRE GRAND HARVEST FREE?

It is indeed! It’s actually the #1 free online Tripeaks Solitaire game! You can play Solitaire Grand Harvest for free from the iOS and Android apps!

HOW MANY ROWS AND COLUMNS ARE IN SOLITAIRE?

“Classic” Solitaire has seven rows of cards, with the first column having one card exposed; the second column having one card up and one card down; the third column having one card up and two cards down, and so on. This is the most basic form of Solitaire, with some types of games (such as Tripeaks Solitaire) having different formations or numbers of cards.

HOW MANY CARDS ARE IN SOLITAIRE?

It depends on the type of Solitaire game, but most will use one pack of cards, without the two Jokers. This can vary depending on the type of Solitaire game you play though.

Solitaire Grand Harvest

The Best Free Solitaire Game!

Play Now
Home
How to Play?
Free Credits
Market
Farm News
Cookie settings
Privacy notice
Terms of Service
Accessibility Statement
EU DSA
Responsible Gaming

©2025 Supertreat GmbH. All Rights Reserved

Solitaire Grand Harvest is intended for those 18 and older. Solitaire Grand Harvest does not require payment to access and play, but it also allows you to purchase virtual items with real money inside the game, including random items. You can disable in-app purchases in your device’s settings. Solitaire Grand Harvest may also contain advertising. You may require an internet connection to play Solitaire Grand Harvest and access its social features. You can also find more information about the functionality, compatibility, and interoperability of Solitaire Grand Harvest in the above description. By accessing and playing this game, you agree to future game updates as released on this website. You may choose to update this game, but if you do not update, your game experience and functionalities may be reduced.
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate our website, to analyze traffic and might use them for personalizing content and ads. We also share information collected through those cookies with our business partners. Some of the cookies are essential to make this site work; others help us improve your experience. More information about how we use cookies is available in ourPrivacy Notice.
Cookie settings
Reject non-essential cookies
Accept all cookies