Sololearn: Learn to Code Courses Courses Code Compiler Code Compiler Discuss Pricing Teams Log in Register Menu Learning to code got simplified. Learn the latest technology with interactive, hands-on courses. It’s free. Log in with Google or See more options Choose a course for you Generative AI in Practice Data Analytics with AI Prompt Engineering Visualize Your Data Introduction to LLMs Project Planning with AI Social Media Marketing with AI Data Literacy with AI Ethical AI Foundations Write with AI AI-Powered A/B Testing Machine Learning for Beginners Brainstorm with AI Think Creatively with AI Research with AI SEO with AI Agentic Workflows Bias Detection and Mitigation in AI Systems Tailored to you No matter your experience level, you'll be writing real, functional code within minutes of starting your first course. Start learning Bite-sized Go step-by-step through our unique courses. Assess what you've learned with in-lesson quizzes, and gradually advance your skills with practice. Do a quick lesson Get proof Earn a certificate to validate your newly acquired skills. Post it on social for others to see. Become certified Learn anywhere, anytime On the web or on the go, Sololearn is always ready for you and you'll never lose your place. Get the app now More than 20 courses From Python, through data, to web dev. We got everything you need. Explore full catalog The perfect platform to boost your technical skills Students Prepping for the big test or want to ace your first interview? Use Sololearn's real-world practice to reinforce what you've learned and get you ready for that big moment. Learn for free Professionals You can learn something totally new to advance your career. Or maybe you just want to knock off the rust. Try Sololearn to get access to a variety of courses, from machine learning to web development. Boost your career Become part of our community 58,299,122 Share your code or questions and get instant feedback or become a creator and spread your knowledge and experience with our global community of learners. Join today We have helped hundreds of Delivery Drivers to finally land a dream job Why code It's popular Technical skills are in high demand. Over 60% of new jobs worldwide will require tech skills. It's promising Unlock your earning potential! 
Entry-level programmers in the U.S. earn on average over $78,000 in salary. It's fun Imagine combining your passion and skill with your creativity, and making something new everyday! I want to code Invest in yourself with Unlimited practice 2x Pro users are twice as likely to incorporate practice in their learning plan Ad-free experience +132% Pro users spend 132% more time learning than regular ones. Habit formation 92% Pro users that set up daily goals have the highest lesson completion rate of 92% ! Unlimited practice Ad-free experience Progress statistics Daily goals Habit building features Lesson shortcuts Real life challenges Start learning like a pro Finished the Kotlin track Web developer Certificate The Success Story of Hatsy "One day at the library, I noticed a stranger using an app that featured tutorials, questions, and exercises for C++ programming. It was Sololearn. I thought, "Neat, learning on your mobile phone!" I was just starting to learn to code and I made all the usual beginner mistakes, so I gave Sololearn a try. Through Sololearn, I have found many learners who have helped me grow. I have met teachers, engineers, developers, data scientists, and more amazing people. The learning environment created by Sololearn served as a catalyst for me to pick up good practices, which go beyond learning and into the workplace."
Hatsy Rei, June 01, 2020 Start your success story Award winning experience 4.8 from 5 Stars on the AppStore App Of The Year FB Start by Facebook Editors' Choice Google Play Best Computer Coding Education Solution EdTech Breakthrough Award 2021 Join our community of learners Sign Up Name Email Password Show Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. or Google Apple Already have an account? Log in By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use