Business Phone Numbers for Entrepreneurs Services Telephony Phone Numbers Call summaries Customer call analysis Voice Response Call Recording Productivity Meeting Summaries Prices Help Blog Sign In Sign up English English Svenska العربية 简体中文 Deutsch Français Ελληνικα Italiano 日本語 polski Português Español Business Phone Numbers for Entrepreneurs Have your own Business Number anywhere. From $1.79 €1.79 17 kr per month. TRY FREE Looking for an alternative to Skype numbers? Read more Have a business phone number anywhere Have your own virtual number in any city or country. Showing a business number at your website increases trust and sales. It also removes the need for you to give out your personal number. Prices start at $1.79 per month. I ncoming calls can be forwarded to your mobile number or elsewhere at the cost of a local call. Try Free Now Trustpilot Get a summary of each call Aid your memory by keeping a written summary of each call you make or receive. In addition to a full summary of each call, you also receive a list of agreements made, action items, a summary of each topic discussed, and a complete transcription. Included in the Premium and Business plans , from $9.95 per month. Read more Get feedback on every customer call Each customer call is analyzed and assigned a score from 1 to 5, along with detailed feedback. Did the customer’s intent to buy increase or decline? What caused this? What could have been done differently for an even better outcome? The service is included in Premium and Business . Read more Get a draft follow up email Help your customers remember what was agreed upon. After each call, you’ll receive a draft email that you can use to follow up with the person you spoke to. This enhances your business’s professionalism while reducing the risk of misunderstandings. Included in the Premium and Business plans . Read more Get text summaries for voicemail When you receive a voicemail message, you will get a summary, key takeaways, what the caller expects you to do, a full transcript and the mood of the caller. The language of the caller is detected automatically. AI Voicemail summaries is included in Premium or Business (from $9.95 per month). Everyone with a Sonetel phone number can however try the Voicemail summary service for free. Get started 20,000 paying customers worldwide Sonetel has over 20,000 active paying customers across 170 countries around the world. North America is our largest market, followed by Europe. Sonetel is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Stockholm, in Sweden. Voice response Make your business sound more professional. Answer calls to your business with Voice response menus; “For sales press one…”. Redirect callers anywhere based on their choices. Voice response is included in Premium and Business , starting at $9.95 per month. Read more Make calls You can make calls to any landline or mobile worldwide using our apps. If you want to show your Sonetel Phone number to the person you are calling you need a paid plan. Otherwise we’ll show your regular mobile number. Paid plans cost from $9.95 per month and include the phone number,  free calls to +40 countries and much more. Try free now Sonetel News Sonetel explains Phone Call Online Phone call online services let you reach anyone worldwide without a traditional phone line, but picking a reliable solution is crucial. Many small businesses struggle to find an internet calling... Sonetel explains VoIP Landline VoIP landline solutions let small businesses stay reachable on a professional number via the internet – without pricey hardware or being tied to one location. They blend the credibility of... Sonetel explains Temporary Phone Number Temporary phone number services provide a quick way to call or text without exposing your personal number. They help protect your privacy or support short-term projects where a permanent phone... Other services Receive SMS to your email inbox. Available on mobile numbers, US numbers and more. Get accurate meeting summaries from all your meetings. AI services are included in the paid plans , starting at $9.95 per month Call centers worldwide can use our affordable and high-quality SIP-trunking services – for making and receiving calls. If you are a developer, feel free to use our Communications API to integrate our services into your own apps and software. Businesses in need of simple Voice Response services can use our Cloud IVR service. Get a Business Phone Number Try free Services Phone numbers Call recording Call summaries Call transcription Customer call analysis Cloud IVR SIP trunking AI Meeting Summaries API Resources Home Help Videos Contact Phone number prices Number countries Call rates Blog About Investors Affiliates Legal System status Apps Android app iPhone app Web app Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube English English Svenska العربية 简体中文 Deutsch Français Ελληνικα Italiano 日本語 polski Português Español USD EUR SEK