Sonesta - Hotels, Resorts and Cruises Skip to main content Main Navigation Our Brands Special Offers Meetings & Events Sign In or Join Secondary Navigation My Stays Help Main Navigation Location Search Navigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates. Navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates. Select Room and Guest Count 1 Room, 1 Guest Select Rate Type Rates Find Hotel Location ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Edit Sonesta Hotels and Resorts The Most Rewarding Way to Travel Living the suite life with complimentary room upgrades Join Now Offers & Packages Pave the way for adventure—and save—with our latest hotel offers. Explore All Offers Save More. Every Time. Sonesta Travel Pass members always enjoy our best rates. Book the Sonesta Travel Pass Member Rate and receive perks on your very first stay. Book Now Learn More Plan Now, Play Later Your next trip is waiting. Grab it now and save up to 15% when you book at least 7 days ahead with code SONAP. Book Now Learn More Extend Your Stay Now’s the time to explore more, for less. Enjoy 7 or more nights with us at discounted rates when you book with code LONG. Book Now Learn More Show More Offers + Sonesta Travel Pass Discover Sonesta Travel Pass Unlock your passport to extraordinary travel with Sonesta Travel Pass. More than just a loyalty program, it’s your personalized key to a world of exclusive benefits. From complimentary breakfasts to late checkouts, experience the difference of a program that puts you first. Your next adventure starts here. Learn More Score with Sonesta Score with Sonesta Whether you’re traveling for the big matches, exploring new destinations, or celebrating every win along the way, Sonesta has a hotel ready for you. Travel Pass members enjoy our lowest rates plus exclusive perks across our family of brands. Learn More & Book Now Sonesta Travel Pass Sonesta Travel Pass Exclusives Your journey doesn't stop at check-in. With Sonesta Travel Pass Exclusives, members earn 5 points per dollar when you book tours, concerts, shows, or sporting events through Viator and TFL - plus unforgettable Rolling Stone events.

Book before 12/31/2025 to take advantage of our limited time offers today! Learn More ES SUITES BREAKFAST Look What We've Cooked Up Our free breakfast just got an upgrade. With tasty baked goods and grains, a make-your-own-pancake machine, and an egg station with—wait for it—breakfast tacos, you’ll wish tomorrow morning would hurry up and arrive. Learn More Trending Destinations Your Next Sonesta Adventure Awaits! Explore All Locations Miami, FL Make the most of Miami’s endless sunshine, inviting beaches, colorful art scene, and eclectic dining. Explore Miami Hotels Houston, TX Catch a rodeo and savor delicious Texas barbeque or take in impressive museums and galleries around the city. Explore Houston Hotels Seattle, WA Wander around this enticing city with world famous coffee in hand and admire the Mt. Rainier backdrop. Explore Seattle Hotels Cairo, Egypt A stay at the five-star Sonesta Hotel, Tower & Casino - Cairo will leave a lasting impression. Explore Egypt Hotels Toronto, ON Make your way to Ontario for an adventure in one of Canada's most iconic and exciting cities. Explore Toronto Hotels Chicago, IL Immerse yourself in striking architecture, a plethora of cultural attractions, and diverse dining throughout the city. Explore Chicago Hotels A Stay for Every Story With 13 industry-leading brands to choose from, you have access to over 1,100 hotels offering a wide range of hospitality experiences across the U.S. and beyond. Explore Our Brands Meetings & Events Work meetings. Custom events. Weddings, reunions, and friends getaways. At Sonesta, we’re all about bringing your vision to life—and taking care of all those little details that make an event unforgettable. Let’s start planning. Plan Events Newly Opened Hotels Sonesta is growing! Explore our recently opened hotels. Explore More Sonesta Hotel Miraflores Nestled in Lima’s vibrant Miraflores district, Sonesta Hotel Miraflores blends modern design with effortless comfort — your ideal base to explore Kennedy Park, Larco Avenue, and Love Park. Explore Miraflores Hotel Sonesta Dahabeya Amirat II A serene Nile sailing in style — the Sonesta Dahabeya Amirat offers light-filled spaces and rich textures. This elegant vessel is inspired by the natural rhythm of the Nile River. Explore Nile Cruise Americas Best Value Inn Pilot Mountain A cozy, budget-friendly lodge nestled near Pilot Mountain State Park, offering comfortable rooms and easy access to scenic hiking trails and local charm. Explore Pilot Mountain Hotel Red Lion Inn & Suites Lemoore Comfortable stays in the heart of Lemoore — offers modern rooms, free WiFi, and easy access to nearby attractions and local amenities. Explore Lemoore Hotel Signature Inn Miami Our new hotel in Miami offers great value, easy access to Miami Beach, Wynwood, and Lincoln Road with modern comforts and a relaxed stay. Explore Miami Hotel Dry Creek Inn MOD Collection by Sonesta A chic Wine Country retreat just off US 101, offering modern rooms, an outdoor pool, local dining, and close proximity to Healdsburg’s best wineries and charm. Explore Healdsburg Hotel Newly Renovated Hotels Sonesta is enhancing! Explore our recently renovated hotels. Explore More Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Stay steps from the sand at our newly renovated oceanfront resort. Enjoy reimagined dining, two swimming pools, spa, kids camp, and effortless access to Hilton Head’s best golf, tennis, and beaches. Explore Hilton Head Resort Sonesta ES Suites Portland Vancouver 41st St Newly renovated, all-suite hotel in Vancouver, WA, only 10 miles from downtown Portland and close to Vancouver Mall, local parks, and outdoor recreation. Explore Vancouver Hotel Sonesta Simply Suites Boston Burlington Newly renovated extended-stay hotel with free shuttle service to Lahey Hospital & Medical Center and spacious suites with new fully equipped kitchens. Explore Burlington Hotel Explore Cruises Explore the landmark temples, tombs and ruins on a three, four and seven night trip as you sail between Aswan and Luxor. Enjoy upscale hospitality and watch 5,000 years of history unfold before you on an unforgettable journey through ancient Egypt. View Cruises USA Today 10 Best Readers’ Choice 2025 Many Thanks to Our Members! Sonesta Travel Pass earned a USA Today's 10 Best Readers' Choice 2025 award for Best Hotel Loyalty Program. For 8 years straight, our members have ranked us highly among our peers. Here's to year 9 and beyond! Join Now Connect with Sonesta Stay Special Offers Locations Meetings & Events Egypt Hotels & Cruises Extended Stay Hotels Pet-Friendly Hotels Adventure Bound Blog Support My Stays My Account Need Help? Travel SOS PAWS at Sonesta Shop Sonesta Company About Us Sonesta Travel Pass Partnerships Franchising Careers Newsroom Corporate Responsibility Website Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Terms of Use Do Not Sell or Share My Data Sitemap Sonesta International Hotels Sonesta Travel Pass The Royal Sonesta The James Hotels Classico Sonesta Collection Sonesta Hotels Resorts Mod Sonesta Collection Sonesta Select Red Lion Hotels Sonesta Es Suites Sonesta simply suites Sonesta Essential Americas Best Value Inn Canadas Best Value Inn Signature Inn The Royal Sonesta The James Hotels Classico Sonesta Collection Sonesta Hotels Resorts Sonesta Select Mod Sonesta Collection Red Lion Hotels Sonesta Es Suites Sonesta simply suites Sonesta Essential Americas Best Value Inn Canadas Best Value Inn Signature Inn © 2025 Sonesta International Hotels Corporation. All Rights Reserved.