Song Meanings at Songfacts Toggle navigation Home Categories Places Blog Blogs Home Songwriter Interviews Song Writing Fact or Fiction They're Playing My Song Music Quiz Songfacts Pages Songwriting Legends Songfacts Podcast All Titles Authors Amanda Flinner April Fox Bruce Pollock Carl Wiser Corey O'Flanagan Dan MacIntosh Developer Ed Pearce Greg Prato Jeff Suwak Jess Grant Laura Antonelli Leslie Michele Derrough Maggie Grimason Nicole Roberge Roger Catlin Shawna Ortega Stephanie Myers Trevor Morelli Browse Songs Artists Places Years Categories Search Browse # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Top 10 Songfacts of 2025 Many new names, along with a rediscovered Rihanna song and a tune that would not "die." Chris Rea: 1951-2025 Our classic interview with Rea, best known in America for "Fool (If You Think It's Over)" The 4 Non Blondes Story Their bass player tells the story of the band, including why they broke up and what happened to their second album. Songs About Robots Of course "Iron Man" and "Mr. Roboto" are on the list, but also songs from Rush, Janelle Monáe and Duran Duran Nick Mason of Pink Floyd The Pink Floyd co-founder picks the definitive songs from two eras of the band and breaks down one of our favorites: the Meddle track "Fearless" Bootsy Collins Bootsy defines "funk" and talks about his time in James Brown's band Songfacts® Spotlight Time After Time by Cyndi Lauper Cyndi Lauper came up with the title "Time After Time" when she saw it in TV Guide magazine. It's the name of a 1979 movie about a man who invents a time machine. More facts about Time After Time Ed Sheeran British singer-songwriter Sheeran has fans in high places. Before he released his debut album, his independent EP No. 5 Collaborations Project was praised by both Elton John and Jamie Foxx. More about Ed Sheeran Ed Sheeran's Hot Songs 1 ) Galway Girl 2 ) Leave Your Life 3 ) South Of The Border 4 ) 1000 Nights 5 ) Camera More songs Featured Category Songs with videos directed by Andy Morahan Give In To Me - Michael Jackson West End Girls - Pet Shop Boys Don't Stop Movin' - S Club 7 Estranged - Guns N' Roses I Want Your Sex - George Michael Shot In The Dark - Ozzy Osbourne All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You - Heart Last Christmas - Wham! Poundcake - Van Halen Don't Cry - Guns N' Roses More songs from this Category From the Vaults Sugarland Meet the "sassy basket" with the biggest voice in country music. Read the Interview Latest Songplace Boston, Massachusetts Boston Tea Party by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band This song starts in Boston with a tea party and takes us to the other end of the American Revolution. Read the Story Featured Quiz Name the Character in the Song With a few clues (Works at a diner, dreams of running away), can you name the character in the song? Take the Quiz Featured Comment I can't believe how often this song is misinterpreted. The dude's on a bus, and he has confided a secret code with his old girlfriend - to tie a simple single yellow ribbon if she wants him. Instead, he comes around the corner, and begins cursing "the whole damned bus..." because his simple secret code failed. The whole damned bus is cheering because they all see their ribbons. So EITHER she acted unfaithfully and wants the whole busload of guys that she's been screwing around with, OR his clever plan to have a secret code failed because every guy on the bus has done the same thing with his girlfriend.  Clearly the code has failed, and the guy has no clue what "is and isn't mine" at this point. So he stays on the bus, forgets about us, puts... Comment by: Bob from North Song: Tie A Yellow Ribbon Round The Ole Oak Tree by Tony Orlando & Dawn Read the rest Today's Top 10 Facts Artists Lyrics Category 1 Twist In My Sobriety Tanita Tikaram 2 Judy Teen Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel 3 Who Knows Daniel Caesar 4 The Sound of Silence Simon & Garfunkel 5 Die On This Hill Sienna Spiro 6 Today Smashing Pumpkins 7 Soolaimon (African Trilogy II) Neil Diamond 8 Eyes of the Insane Slayer 9 MacArthur Park Richard Harris 10 Black Day In July Gordon Lightfoot 1 Coldplay 2 Drake 3 Pink 4 Chris Rea 5 Neil Diamond 6 Archie and Edith Bunker 7 Poison 8 Eagles 9 The Doors 10 Taylor Swift 1 / Together Again Together again My tears have stopped falling The long lonely nights Are now at an end The key .. 2 / Auld Lang Syne Should old acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot and o.. 3 / Those Were The Days (Theme to All In The Family) Short Version (Aired at beginning of episodes) Boy the way Glen Miller played, Songs that made the .. 4 / The Gambler On a warm summer's eve On a train bound for nowhere I met up with the gambler We were both too tired.. 5 / Blue (Da Ba Dee) Yo listen up, here's the story About a little guy that lives in a blue world And all day and all n.. 6 / It's A Jungle Out There It's a jungle out there Disorder and confusion everywhere No one seems to care Well, I do Hey, w.. 7 / Human Nature Looking out Across the nighttime The city winks a sleepless eye Hear her voice Shake my window .. 8 / Smells Like Teen Spirit Load up on guns, bring your friends It's fun to lose and to pretend She's over-bored and self-assure.. 9 / Nightrain Loaded like a freight train Flyin' like an aeroplane Feelin' like a space brain One more time ton.. 10 / Yeah! Peace up, A-Town down Yeah, yeah! Okay, okay! (Usher, Usher, Usher, Usher) Lil' Jon Yeah, yeah.. 1 / Songs used in movies 2 / Songs with a recorder 3 / Songs that are tributes to friends who died 4 / Songs with names of actors in the title 5 / Songs written or produced by David Foster 6 / Songs with unusual time signatures 7 / Songs with a spoken part 8 / Songs about clubbing or a night out 9 / Songs with numbers in the title 10 / Songs with beverages in the title Fact or Fiction Queen Scaramouch, a hoople and a superhero soundtrack - see if you can spot the real Queen stories. Try the Fact or Fiction Songfacts® Newsletter A monthly update on our latest interviews, stories and added songs What's your email? SUBSCRIBE Information About Us Terms of Service Our Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy Songfacts API Music History Calendar Song Licensing Affiliate Disclosure Contact Us Privacy Manager Follow Us Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube Contribution Message Boards Songfacts Writers ©2025 Songfacts, LLC