Sonoma State University at Sonoma State University Skip to main content Visit Apply Info Give Menu Login About History Leadership Division & Departments Equity & Belonging Admissions & Aid Visit Apply Admissions Financial Aid Scholarships Net Price Calculator Academics Degrees & Programs Colleges Schedule of Classes Academic Calendar Academic Support University Library Intersession Life at SSU Seawolf Living Housing Dining Associated Students Get Involved Campus Recreation Green Music Center Sonoma County Events & News SSU Presidential Search Events Calendar News Quick Links Visit Apply Info Give Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Families Maps Directions A - Z Directory Library Discover Sonoma State Learn More CSU Board of Trustees Names Michael E. Spagna as President of Sonoma State Read More Discover Sonoma State Explore Your Future Discovery is at the heart of everything we do at Sonoma State University. Discover a community that supports your goals, inspires your passions, and fuels your purpose. Discover hands-on learning, meaningful connections, and opportunities that prepare you for success in college and beyond. Start your journey today and discover how Sonoma State can help you grow your potential, shape your future, and launch your career. Explore SSU Apply Northern California Within Reach Nestled in the heart of Northern California, just an hour north of San Francisco and 45 minutes from the Pacific Ocean, Sonoma State University offers an ideal blend of natural beauty, academic excellence, and a welcoming community. Located in the friendly city of Rohnert Park, Sonoma State is surrounded by rolling hills, majestic redwoods, and world-renowned food and wine. Here, students discover endless opportunities for outdoor adventures, cultural experiences, and personal growth. Sonoma County isn’t just a place to study, it’s a place to thrive, build connections, and feel at home. Discover Sonoma County Sonoma By The Numbers At Sonoma State University, excellence goes beyond the classroom. Recognized among the top California State University (CSU) campuses, SSU stands out for its strong graduation rates, student success, and vibrant campus life, empowering students to thrive on campus and in their future. Top Graduation Rates in the CSU #1 Best College Housing in California Top Public Schools (West) #34 U.S. Most Beautiful Campuses Facts & Rankings Explore Sonoma State Discover what makes Sonoma State unique! Plan Your Visit #1 Best College Housing in California, Niche.com Green Music Center Get Involved # 26 Best Bang for the Buck (West), Washington Monthly Discover Sonoma Life at Sonoma State Experience the energy, connection, and pride that make Sonoma State a place to call home. From campus traditions and student events to everyday moments with friends, life at SSU is filled with opportunities to get involved and make lasting memories! Campus Life With more than 100 student clubs and organizations, there’s a place and a community for everyone. Whether you’re interested in fraternities, sororities, special interest clubs, cultural groups, community service, or another passion, you’ll find countless ways to explore your passions and make your mark at SSU. Get Involved Traditions From Big Nite to Big Blue Weekend to Commencement, Sonoma State celebrates the moments that bring our Seawolf community together. Whether it’s the excitement of welcoming new students, the pride of honoring our graduates, or the joy of reconnecting with friends and classmates, these traditions embody the spirit, pride, and connection that make SSU truly special. Seawolf Living Explore Our Programs An Education for Everyone Discover your path to success with an education designed to guide you wherever your journey takes you. First-Year Transfer Graduate & Post-Baccalaureate International Out-of-State Veterans & Service Members Events Discover what’s happening on campus and be part of the excitement! From student activities, career fairs, guest speakers to cultural celebrations and group fitness classes, there’s always something going on at Sonoma State. Jan 27 Associated Students Lobo’s Pantry Spring Opening Tue, Jan 27, 1:00 pm
  – 3:00 pm Lobo’s Pantry Jan 28 Associated Students: Elections Info Session Wed, Jan 28, 12:00 pm
  – 1:00 pm Student Center 2nd Floor Jan 29 Associated Students: Build-A-Thon Thu, Jan 29, 6:00 pm
  – 8:00 pm Associated Students: Build-A-Thon More Events News Stay connected with the latest stories, achievements, and moments that make Sonoma State shine. Discover how our students, faculty, staff, and alumni are making a difference on campus and beyond. Michael E. Spagna Appointed President of Sonoma State University November 19, 2025 SSU alum Chisholm honored with top MLB communications award December 16, 2025 SSU, Bay Area CSUs fuel region’s economic engine November 18, 2025 More News Ready For What’s Next? Take the next step and become part of the Seawolf community. Request Information Visit Apply 1801 East Cotati Ave Rohnert Park, CA 94928 (707) 664-2880 Contact Emergency Information Safe SSU Title IX Maps Directions A-Z Directory Employment Copyright Sonoma State University Privacy Accessibility California State University