Sooma Service Enterprise Email Email continuity Email protection SMTP Hosting Solutions Service providers Business About us Contacts Support Login Select Page Powerful and enterprise–class email solutions Designed for service providers and businesses around the globe Know more Email Contacts Calendar Administration Boost your productivity with Sooma’s simple email solutions. L Learn more Sooma is a cloud-based email solution provider that acts as a full-service, reliable platform for companies that offer email as part of their services. Whether you are just starting your business and need a basic email package, or have an established business and need to migrate over 10,000 emails to a reliable email solution provider, Sooma’s cloud-based email services can scale to meet your requirements. Why top brands trust Sooma Reliable email system Sooma delivers a reliable email system that will handle all your email problems and give you the peace of mind you deserve. We will also handle all your email management and maintenance issues like anti-spam, anti-virus and e-system failures. L Learn more Secure cloud service Sooma provides total data security with complete protection for end points, email and networks. Our secure cloud service delivers comprehensive data security and central remote management that helps to increase productivity, provides faster response times and end-to-end security. L Learn more Privacy Sooma is your data privacy force field that surrounds and protects emails and files anywhere they are shared. It is an easy-to-use data security platform that ensures control. L Learn more Enhanced accessibility Configure your Symbian, Android, iOS or Windows phone or tablet to access your collaborative business mailbox on the go. L Learn more Improved synchronization Synchronize and update your inbox, calendar and contacts in real-time across all your devices the way it should be. L Learn more Optimized email performance Sooma is a robust, highly modular and scalable email solution that enables your business to expansion and change without affecting your productivity or reliability. L Learn more Cloud mailbox for business Standard € 1,00 User / month 5 GB mailbox with … Shared calendaring and contacts. Learn more Mailbox Pro € 3,50 User / month 50 GB mailbox with … Shared calendaring and contacts. Learn more Email continuity € 0,80 User / month 5 GB mailbox with … Shared calendaring and contacts. Learn more Start sending emails with confidence in minutes Enhance your results-driven email marketing strategy! Get started Quem somos Suporte Contactos EN Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress Português