Low Cost Online Courses for College Credit | Sophia Learning Home homepage Courses Academic Subjects Business Business Communication Business Data Analytics Business Ethics Business Law Financial Accounting Healthcare Management Human Resource Management Introduction to Business Managerial Accounting Operations Management Organizational Behavior Personal Finance Principles of Finance Principles of Management Principles of Marketing Project Management Explore the Subject Career Success Career Readiness College Readiness Conflict Resolution Developing Effective Teams IT Career Exploration Introduction to Career Readiness The Essentials of Managing Conflict Workplace Writing I Workplace Writing II Explore the Subject Computer Science and IT Computer Applications new Introduction to Information Technology Introduction to Java Programming Introduction to Networking Introduction to Python Programming Introduction to Relational Databases Introduction to Web Development Explore the Subject English and Communication English Composition I English Composition II Foundations of English Composition Public Speaking Visual Communications Workplace Communication Explore the Subject Humanities Ancient Greek Philosophers Approaches to Studying Religions Art History I Art History II Critical Thinking Introduction to Ethics Explore the Subject Language French I Spanish I Spanish II Explore the Subject Math Calculus I College Algebra Foundations of Statistics Introduction to College Mathematics Introduction to Statistics Precalculus Explore the Subject Science Anatomy and Physiology I Anatomy and Physiology I Lab Anatomy and Physiology II Anatomy and Physiology II Lab Environmental Science Health, Fitness, and Wellness Human Biology Human Biology Lab Introduction to Chemistry Introduction to Chemistry Lab Introduction to Nutrition Microbiology Microbiology Lab Public and Community Health Explore the Subject Social Science Criminology Introduction to Criminal Justice Introduction to Psychology Introduction to Sociology Lifespan Development Macroeconomics Microeconomics U.S. Government U.S. History I U.S. History II Explore the Subject Course Pathways Nursing Pathway Business Pathway View All Courses Try a Sophia course for free. Your free trial work is applied toward course credit when you become a member. Take a free trial Find My College Find My College Plans & Pricing Plans & Pricing Partnerships Partnerships Resources Resources Blog News Become a member Become a member or Start free trial Start free trial No credit card required. Sign in Online college-level courses for $99 a month Try any Sophia course for free (through the first challenge of a unit). These courses are designed to transfer to 100+ partner colleges and have been reviewed for credit at 1,000+ other colleges and universities. Become a member or Start free trial No credit card required. The American Council on Education's (ACE®️) recommendation service has evaluated and recommended college credit for over 70 of Sophia's online courses. $ + in tuition dollars saved* *Savings based on average annual tuition at public four-year, in-state institutions. Source: College Board Trends in College Pricing Report (2024) Why Sophia? 70+ online college courses 1 million+ courses completed and $1 billion+ in tuition saved. See courses Learn at your own pace Learn anytime, anywhere with no start or end dates. See why students love us Earn transfer credit at your college Our students have sent Sophia transcripts to 1,000+ colleges and universities. Find my college Unlimited access for $99 a month Take as many courses as you want, up to two at a time, for one low price. See plans & pricing Become a member or Start free trial No credit card required. Sophia’s Partner Colleges and Universities A-Z Search through our partner colleges See more Don't see your college? Search through 1000+ colleges and universities that have reviewed Sophia courses for credit. Search for your school has reviewed Sophia transfer credit applications in the past We haven’t previously worked with . Check with your university’s registrar to see if they accept Sophia transfer credits. Partner Transfer institutions back to result Adams state university Sophia has sent transcripts to Adams state university for review. Contact your registrar or advisor to see if a Sophia course will transfer for college-level credit. Start with a free trial while you confirm which credits may transfer. Start your free trial Interested in partnering with Sophia? Visit our Partners Page to learn more. Plans & Pricing Choose a membership plan and get unlimited access to 70+ on-demand courses. 1 month You want to work quickly through one or two courses. Per month. Automatically renews monthly. $99 4 months You want to knock out several gen eds over a few months. 25% Savings From 1 month plan For four months. Automatically renews every four months. $299 Best Deal 12 months You prefer to work through courses at a slower pace. 50% Savings From 1 month plan Per year. Automatically renews annually. $599 Best Deal Become a member or Start free trial No credit card required. What our learners are saying "My advice is to dip your toe in the water. Sophia is a wonderful place to begin. Being able to take general education courses at your own pace for a fraction of the cost of the same class at a college or university is a wonderful chance to explore and decide if you are ready to commit fully to pursuing your education." Shannon Ford University of Maine Presque Isle, Sophia Ambassador "My experience with lab courses was wonderful. I was able to virtually do experiments and learn visually. It helped me look at the work I had already done in a different way. The lab courses were a really cool way to learn virtually and understand the material better." Anna Daley Excelsior University, Sophia Ambassador "This is the type of flexibility I needed. I really couldn't have done it without the support of my friends, school and now Sophia." Maggie Endlsey University of Phoenix "Sophia has been an incredible resource that has allowed me to continue to hit educational milestones without spending a huge amount out of pocket on tuition." Clayton McNamara Strayer University An ACE® recommended learning pathway Sophia’s ACE® and DEAC-recommended courses have been reviewed for credit at 1,000+ colleges and universities. The American Council on Education Learning Evaluations (ACE®) has evaluated and recommended college credit for over 70 of Sophia's online courses. Trusted by leading partners FAQ How much does a Sophia course cost? As a Sophia member, you don’t pay for individual courses. Instead, you can take as many courses as you like during your membership period. Are there additional fees, like books and materials? There are no course registration fees or additional fees for material, textbooks or eBooks. Everything is included as part of your membership. Is there a time commitment? With Sophia, you determine your own level of time commitment. You can move through course work quickly or slow down your pace. Are you limited to two courses each month? You can take as many courses as you'd like each month and are allowed to be active in two courses at the same time. Will my plan automatically renew? Yes, your membership will automatically renew. At that time, you’ll also be billed for your new membership period. What is your 30-day money back guarantee? If within 30 days of payment you are not satisfied and in that time period no courses have been completed and certified, you can cancel your membership by going into your Profile and under Membership clicking Change, then clicking the Cancel Membership option. You can request a refund by contacting a Learning Coach by email, phone, or chat. About Contact us Careers Blog Higher education partnerships Corporate partnerships K12 ©2025 SOPHIA Learning, LLC. SOPHIA is a registered trademark of SOPHIA Learning, LLC. Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms of use Your Privacy Choices