Sorenson Communications | Language Services and ASL Interpreting Skip to content English Spanish Contact Us Schedule Services Become a Sorenson Partner Support VRS CaptionCall Enterprise Provider Resources Company Get Started Sorenson VRS CaptionCall SignVideo (UK) VRS Products Mobile App Connect on the go with VRS on your smartphone or tablet Desktop App A convenient option to use VRS at work or school VRS for Zoom Get your Sorenson VRS interpreter right in your Zoom window Wavello for Voice Users Your hearing friends and family can join the video call too with you and an interpreter Devices Lumina VP Experience the clearest video with our latest Deaf-centric hardware CaptionCall Products Home Phone Your solution for captioned phone calls in your home Mobile App Take captioned phone calls wherever you go on your smartphone or tablet Sound Off Project Resources and support for Veterans and service members with hearing loss How To See what independent hearing health experts think of CaptionCall for home and mobile Products Multilingual interpretation and captioning products for any situation Industry Effective and fast solutions for any industry, team, and use case Services (DISABLED FOR NOW) Face-to-face and remote support for meetings, conferences, and events interpreting for Interpersonal See details On-site Industry-leading individual on-site interpreting services Video Remote Remote discussions between Deaf and hearing participants See details Interpreting for Groups See details Group On-site Professional group on-site interpreting services Group Video Remote Seamless remote language communication for groups See details Professional Services Consulting Translation & Localization Documents Websites Audio & Video Enterprise Products Scheduled Video Remote Interpreting Speech translation and captioning On-demand Video Remote Interpreting Specialized Interpreting On-site Interpreting Enterprise Industries Education Healthcare Financial Services Manufacturing Media & Events Professional Services Public Sector House of Worship Provider Providers Become a Provider Education and Training How to Refer a Patient Refer a Patient Resources Resources VRS Deaf and use ASL? Get no-cost ASL interpreting for phone calls. CaptionCall If you don't hear your phone conversations and need captions, you can get no-cost call captioning. Enterprise Achieve accessibility, inclusivity, growth, and compliance goals with language solutions. Company Company About Sorenson Blog Browse articles about language accessibility and solutions Careers Browse job opportunities with Sorenson and apply to join our team Contact us Reach out to Sorenson with questions, requests, or feedback Events See upcoming events with the Sorenson and CaptionCall teams HQ Tours Schedule a visit to our Salt Lake City headquarters Newsroom Updates about Sorenson, our products, and developments in language accessibility Sorenson Interpreter Academy Explore Sorenson's ASL interpreter training and professional development programs VRS CaptionCall Enterprise Products Multilingual interpretation and captioning products for any situation Industry Effective and fast solutions for any industry, team, and use case Services (DISABLED FOR NOW) Face-to-face and remote support for meetings, conferences, and events Provider Resources Company What can we help you with? Recent Searches Quick Links Sorenson Uses Cookies Cookies are small text files websites send to your browser to remember information about your visit.  They make our site work properly and help with security.  When you allow cookies, you will have the best experience on our site — you can use tools such as chatbot for support and access other relevant products and services. Click one of these options to change your cookie settings: Best Experience.  This option provides the best user experience with brand-enriched content and services to help you with Sorenson products. Customized Experience. This option provides an experience based on your needs and interests, but some functionality may not work. Working website. This option enables a working website, but you may encounter certain features that do not work or do not work as you expect. If you want to learn more about how Sorenson uses cookies visit our Privacy Notice here » Confirm Sorenson Language Solutions Global language services and communication accessibility solutions for individuals and enterprise Featured products Lumina Videophone The latest Sorenson VP for top notch video quality and bright flashers CaptionCall Feel confident in your phone calls with captions on an interactive screen Sorenson Express Connect when and where you need to with on-demand ASL interpreting  for enterprise Personal products Video Relay Service and no-cost phone call captions Get support Sorenson VRS CaptionCall by Sorenson SignVideo (UK) Enterprise products Interpreting, captioning, and translation services View enterprise products On-demand ASL interpreting Video remote interpreting Live multilingual interpreting On-site ASL interpreting Sorenson is a global language services provider and the leader in communication solutions for the Deaf and hard-of-hearing communities. 140M+ interpreted and captioned calls per year 6000+ interpreters worldwide 19% of employees Deaf or hard-of-hearing 20+ years of Experience Testimonials See what customers say about their experience using Sorenson solutions “This is amazing to have both at home and on my cell phone. I can now do business and make regular calls with more ease and not just pretend to understand. I'm hard-of-hearing and always relied on my lip reading, but you can't do that on the phone.” Jennifer D. CaptionCall customer “I so appreciate my new phone.  It has given me a better quality of life — still can’t believe it was (no-cost).  Your service person was exceptional and the phone is so easy to use... And all of this because my hearing aid pro had the information in their office.” Eleanor CaptionCall customer “I didn’t realize how many words I was missing in day-to-day conversations until my wife pushed me to try CaptionCall. Now, I can understand what my grandchildren are saying, instead of smiling and nodding blankly.” Ron Vietnam Veteran “This service works amazingly well. Also try their mobile app. I just forward my cell phone number to the app phone number and all of my calls run through it and I can carry on a conversation with people.” Elizabeth R. CaptionCall customer “I am severely (hard-of-hearing) and the phone has been a major source of inner turmoil and serious psychological dread for me. This app has seriously changed my life.” Annie CaptionCall customer “I can now have calls transcribed on my cell phone pretty accurately & immediately with seemingly no delay. It has improved my relationship with my daughter since she stopped calling because I couldn’t understand her.” Maryjane CaptionCall customer “This app is an absolute life saver. I cannot recommend it enough. I’ve been able to call several companies and talk to customer service reps and am actually able to understand them. Honestly kind of life changing.” Jo CaptionCall customer “To be able to talk to my long distanced friends/family member on the phone instead of texting/emailing all the time! Had several that cried when they heard my voice on the first time I called!...FINALLY! I am fiercely independent.” Ruth CaptionCall customer “I love this! I struggle with phone calls even with cochlear implants. This app is a life saver.” Amberry CaptionCall customer “Transcription is perfect. I’m deaf and this app allows me to keep in touch with family and friends.” Huseman CaptionCall customer “It helps me verify what I am hearing. Very important as I am a pediatrician. I am more confident and provide better care.” Howard CaptionCall customer Shirley CaptionCall customer “It’s just absolutely the best thing that’s happened to me because I talk a lot on the phone now.” Lou CaptionCall customer “I couldn’t even use a telephone anymore. So when I had an opportunity to try the CaptionCall telephone, I said, ‘this is what I’ve been needing.” Tony L. Air Force Paramedic, Gulf War “My thought is that you provide a very good service for the Veteran community that’s (hard-of-hearing) to utilize, and I wish everybody knows about it.” Benjamin N. Chaplain, DAV Maryland “CaptionCall has been remarkable in helping others to communicate.” Carol B. Vietnam Veterans of America, Chapter 301 “I love it. My sister-in-law, she’s hard-of-hearing, but she reads her CaptionCall closed captions, and it helps her.” Ira W. DAV Chapter 17, Indiana “Well, I just got my CaptionCall about a month ago, and what a change it has been in my life just that fast.” Tim C. Vietnam Veterans of America “I can understand calls clearly, I can read clearly, and it works great. I’m 100% endorsement of it.” Sean H. Vietnam Veterans of America “I ordered CaptionCall last year after the Vietnam Veteran convention, and it has been a marvelous experience.” Tawanna J. US Army “The best thing about it is the customer service is excellent.” “The VP has enhanced my relations with my family, friends and associates worldwide. As a deaf person not using phone for 50 years and then being given the basic human right to phone communication in later stage really blew me away.” Alan G. Sorenson VRS customer Resources Articles, guides, media, and events for powerful connections Explore resources Newsroom Sorenson one of Fortune’s most innovative companies May 7, 2024  - 3 min read Webinar Blog December 16, 2025 Communication accessibility checklist for your business Blog May 14, 2024 Who can use CaptionCall? Understanding eligibility for no-cost Caption phone service Training May 7, 2024  - 3 min read Sorenson Interpreting Academy Request information Use the forms below to request information or services for Sorenson VRS, CaptionCall, or Sorenson Enterprise, and our team will contact you. CaptionCall Sorenson Video Relay Enterprise CaptionCall Sorenson Video Relay Enterprise CaptionCall " * " indicates required fields Step 1 of 2 50% CaptionCall Need to contact us about CaptionCall or CaptionCall Mobile? Complete this form or use the information shown here. If you need VRS or Enterprise, click the tabs directly above. Name * First Last Email * Phone Number Type * Question Request Support Brief description * This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_id This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_campaign This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_source This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_medium This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_content This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_term This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_affiliate This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_country-code This field is hidden when viewing the form referrer_url Subscribe Subscribe to receive our newsletter and updates from Sorenson and its affiliates via email. SMS consent Accept By checking this box, you give Sorenson and its affiliates permission to send you texts at the phone number you provide above using automated means, which texts may contain marketing materials, product updates, new features, and special opportunities. You don’t have to consent to receive SMS messages to create a Sorenson account or use our services, and you can opt out at any time. You can unsubscribe by clicking here or following the instructions contained in our text messages. Data and messaging rates may apply. Find legal information regarding how Sorenson uses your data while on the website. View our Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , and other Legal information. Sorenson Video Relay Sorenson Video Relay (VRS) Need to contact us about VRS? Complete this form or use the information shown here. If you need CaptionCall or Enterprise, click the tabs directly above. " * " indicates required fields Step 1 of 4 25% This field is hidden when viewing the form What is your name? Name * First Last Email * Sorenson phone number * This field is hidden when viewing the form Little more info Preferred contact method * Email Sorenson Phone Number Other Contact Information Other contact information This field is hidden when viewing the form What stuff do you have Product you are experiencing issues with. Lumina ntouch for Mac ntouch Mobile for Android ntouch Mobile for iOS ntouch for PC ntouch VP2 Sorenson for Zoom Wavello Describe the problem you are having * This field is hidden when viewing the form Tech stuff Internet service provider Mobile device, brand/model/carrier Modem brand/model Router brand/model If you were assisted by a Sorenson employee This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_id This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_campaign This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_source This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_medium This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_content This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_term This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_affiliate This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_country-code This field is hidden when viewing the form referrer_url Subscribe Subscribe to receive our newsletter and updates from Sorenson and its affiliates via email. SMS consent Accept By checking this box, you give Sorenson and its affiliates permission to send you texts at the phone number you provide above using automated means, which texts may contain marketing materials, product updates, new features, and special opportunities. You don’t have to consent to receive SMS messages to create a Sorenson account or use our services, and you can opt out at any time. You can unsubscribe by clicking here or following the instructions contained in our text messages. Data and messaging rates may apply. Find legal information regarding how Sorenson uses your data while on the website. View our Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , and other Legal information. Enterprise " * " indicates required fields Step 1 of 2 50% Sorenson Interpreting Need to contact us about Sorenson Interpreting services? Complete this form or use the information shown here. If you need VRS or CaptionCall, click the tabs directly above. Account number Name * First Last Company name * Email * Phone number Brief description * This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_id This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_campaign This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_source This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_medium This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_content This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_term This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_affiliate This field is hidden when viewing the form utm_country-code This field is hidden when viewing the form referrer_url Subscribe Subscribe to receive our newsletter and updates from Sorenson and its affiliates via email. SMS consent Accept By checking this box, you give Sorenson and its affiliates permission to send you texts at the phone number you provide above using automated means, which texts may contain marketing materials, product updates, new features, and special opportunities. You don’t have to consent to receive SMS messages to create a Sorenson account or use our services, and you can opt out at any time. You can unsubscribe by clicking here or following the instructions contained in our text messages. Data and messaging rates may apply. Find legal information regarding how Sorenson uses your data while on the website. View our Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , and other Legal information. Are you looking for customer service? Get support English Spanish Sorenson VRS Desktop App Lumina VP Mobile App Sorenson for Zoom Wavello 911 Legal disclaimer CaptionCall Become a Provider Education and Training Home Phone How to Refer a Patient Mobile App Professional Caregivers 911 Emergency Calling Sound Off Project CaptionCall Mobile CaptionCall Home Phone Call Captioning Testimonials Community Resources for Veterans Refer a User for Veterans Support Call Forwarding CaptionCall System Status International Travel Manage Account Support Toll Free Numbers VRS Feedback VRS System Status Enterprise Video Remote Interpreting (VRI) Sorenson Forum Specialized Interpreting Sorenson Express Sorenson Express for Zoom Sorenson Express for Microsoft Teams Sorenson Express Trial On-site Interpreting Schedule Services Industries Education Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Media and Events Professional Services Public Sector House of Worship Sorenson Interpreting Academy Compass Program Connections Deaf Interpreter Academy Synergy Program Company Become a Sorenson Partner Blog Careers Contact Sorenson Newsroom Sorenson Internships Resources Events Privacy Privacy Policy Privacy Portal Privacy and Data Protection Awareness Campaign Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Hearing Health Providers Sorenson Subprocessors List Cookie Preferences Legal Terms of Use FCC Disclaimer User Registration Database (URD) Transparency in Coverage ©2025 Sorenson Communications, LLC. All rights reserved. CaptionCall and CaptionCall Mobile are available in the United States only. FEDERAL LAW PROHIBITS ANYONE BUT REGISTERED USERS WITH HEARING LOSS FROM USING INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) CAPTIONED TELEPHONES WITH THE CAPTIONS TURNED ON. IP captioned telephone service may use a live operator. The operator generates captions of what the other party to the call says. These captions are then sent to your phone. There is a cost for each minute of captions generated, paid from a federally administered fund. No costs are passed along to individuals who qualify for the service. The CaptionCall phone and CaptionCall Mobile app remain the property of Sorenson in order to provide ongoing support, service, and upgrades. Legal Notices: sorenson.com/legal. Sorenson VRS is only available if you are eligible for VRS and have registered in the FCC’s User Registration Database. The cost of VRS is paid by a federally administered fund. Accordingly, use of Sorenson VRS calling for video conferencing is subject to compliance with FCC regulations and Sorenson’s VRS EULA. Under federal law, you may use VRS only if you have a speech or hearing disability and need VRS in order to communicate. Also, call participants must be in a different location than the other individuals on the call. FCC rules permit you to port your telephone number to the VRS provider of your choice. If you request a new number, Sorenson will provide you with one for the geographic area where you live or work. To ensure proper routing of 911 calls, it is important that you provide, and update in the event it changes, the physical address (i.e., the Registered Location) from which you are placing the call. You can update your Registered Location in your device settings or by calling (866) 756-6729 . To learn how to update on your device visit Sorenson Account Management . Emergency calls made via internet-based TRS may not function the same as traditional E911 service. For example, you may not be able to dial 911 if there is an internet-service failure or if you lose electrical power, and your 911 call may not be routed correctly if you have not updated your Registered Location. Hearing point-to-point video users will not be able to place emergency calls. For more information on the process of obtaining ten-digit numbers and the limitations and risks associated with using Sorenson’s VRS to place a 911 call, please visit Sorenson’s website: 911 Legal Disclaimer | Sorenson . For information on toll-free numbering, please visit Sorenson Toll Free | Videophone Number Linking English Spanish This site is registered on wpml.org as a development site. Switch to a production site key to remove this banner .