Hosted Status Pages | Sorry™ Sorry App Status Pages Integrations Pricing Log in Start Free Trial Schedule a Demo Open main menu The Status Page That Fits Your Workflow Sorry™ gives you the instant status page communication tool that you need. Public Status Page Status pages that build trust Helping teams provide timely updates and information to customers builds long-term loyalty. Private Status Pages Instant internal awareness Bring teams together about upcoming maintenance and on-going incidents, without overloading inboxes. Incidents Fast and accurate incident communication Keeping customers informed promptly and accurately during incidents is critical for maintaining trust and reducing frustration. Changelog Communicate changes, fixes & announcements. Using general notices builds loyalty and engages users, which is crucial for long-term success. Maintenance Proactive maintenance communication Informing users ahead of time will significantly reduce the number of support inquiries and complaints during maintenance periods. You don’t have time to wait for a new status page. It’s only a matter of time before your next incident. You need a tool that works for you and you need it now. But you don’t need to replace your entire workflow with a bloated buffet of features you’ll never use. You just need this one part of it to work and to work really, really well. We won’t ignore your questions, or wait days to reply. We’ll get you everything you need to make your decision as quickly. Get a Custom Demo Start Your 7-Day Free Trial → New Feature Manage multiple Status Pages All your status pages, one view Unify multiple status pages into a single branded experience with Sorry™ Collections — simplifying chaos and keeping subscribers informed. Everything in a single profile. Subscribers manage all their services from one account, with less hassle and more clarity. Effortless incident communication. Open issues surface automatically, keeping your team and customers in sync. Works with your tools. Integrates with Pingdom, NewRelic, Zapier, and more—fitting right into existing workflows. Learn more about Collections → Status Page A direct line of communication with your customers, delivering real-time updates on system status, maintenance windows, and incident reports. What’s included 1000 subscribers 5 team members Incident metrics Component subscriptions Email notifications Slack / Teams / Google Chat notifications Custom domain REST API & Status API Team member SSO (with any SAML provider) Role-based access control for teams 7 day trial. No credit card required. US $ 99 /mo billed monthly Status Pages Subscribers Include Privacy & SSO Private Status Pages Start Your Free Trial Today Easy to get started Status Page for Enterprise We are meeting the unique needs of enterprise clients through dedicated account management for personalised support and expert guidance, flexible billing options, and custom End-User License Agreements (EULA). Schedule a Demo → “Sorry™ felt far more personal and approachable. You immediately offered a demo, while other platforms didn’t respond or didn’t feel aligned with our culture and needs.” Read the story → Joel Drane Global Head of Customer Advocacy, Hosting.com “Recognising the need for improvement, we swiftly decided to go with Sorry™ to enhance our communication capabilities.” Read the story → Trevor Rawls Marketing, ActiveCampaign Trusted by thousands to keep people updated Blog Why you need a status page The stakes for customer trust and satisfaction have never been higher. In our always-on, hyper-connected digital world, downtime, disruptions, or service glitches aren't just technical issues; they're moments that can shatter customer trust... Continue reading on our blog → Getting Started Pricing Start a free trial Get a demo Status Pages Public Status Pages Private Status Pages Status Page Collections Status Badge Integrations Status API REST API Use Cases Incidents Maintenance Change Log Resources eBook: Incident Communication 101 Product Updates Security Blog Status Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Data Processing Agreement Acceptable Use Policy © 2025 SorryApp LTD