Join / Log In

Preferences

close
ad5bcaa1c1e22bd532cb
Find a home that suits your lifestyle.
BuyRentSellAgents
close

close
Sotheby’s International Realty, the one for an exceptional home and life.

Built on centuries of tradition and dedicated to innovating the luxury real estate industry, Sotheby's International Realty offers transformative experiences through a global network of exceptional agents.

Our Story

Only one network of agents represents the longest standing tastemaker in the world. In the spirit of innovation, an exceptional luxury real estate company bearing the Sotheby’s name was launched in 1976. Beyond the beautiful properties and the personal touch of our agents, only one brand can deliver a lifestyle that caters to you. With a network of homes for sale worldwide, our website lets you search property listings globally, and includes a large inventory of luxury homes for sale, including houses, condos, townhomes, villas, and more.

See Details
Sotheby's Auction

Sotheby’s is a global art business that offers the world’s rarest, most exceptional treasures.

Explore More
Sotheby's Concierge Auctions

Sotheby's Concierge Auctions is the world's largest luxury real estate auction house.

Explore More
Get Inspired

For those who seek an exceptional home and life, browse our video series catalogue.

View all
Exceptional Locations, Unrivaled Lifestyles.
Extraordinary Living is the brand's curated destination for stories and insights that celebrate the art of living well.
Explore More
Extraordinary Living
Stories and Market Insights
Luxury Outlook
An ambitious exploration into high-end residential markets across the globe.
View Homes, From the Comfort of Yours
Experience luxury homes like never before, all from the comfort of yours.
Popular City Searches

Find homes in these popular cities

New York
Miami
Washington
Sydney
London
Los Angeles
See all cities
Popular Lifestyles

Find homes by these popular lifestyles

Waterfront
Metropolitan
Country Living
Historic
Ski
Beachfront
See all lifestyles
Popular Destinations

Find homes in these popular destinations

Africa
Canada
Asia
Europe
Caribbean
Middle East
See all destinations
About Sotheby’s International Realty Affiliates LLC

Founded in 1976 to provide independent brokerages with a powerful marketing and referral program for luxury listings, the Sotheby's International Realty network was designed to connect the finest independent real estate companies to the most prestigious clientele in the world. Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC is a subsidiary of Anywhere Real Estate Inc. (NYSE: HOUS), a global leader in real estate franchising and provider of real estate brokerage, relocation and settlement services. In February 2004, Realogy entered into a long-term strategic alliance with Sotheby's, the operator of the auction house. The agreement provided for the licensing of the Sotheby's International Realty name and the development of a full franchise system. Affiliations in the system are granted only to brokerages and individuals meeting strict qualifications. Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC supports its affiliates with a host of operational, marketing, recruiting, educational and business development resources. Franchise affiliates also benefit from an association with the venerable Sotheby's auction house, established in 1744.

Sotheby's International Realty

Contact Us
 
Company
Luxury Outlook
About Us
Giving Back
Recent Press
Brand Press Releases
Join Us
Luxury Real Estate
Apps
SIR Mobile App
SIR Apple TV App
Virtual Reality
Sotheby's
Auctions
Sotheby's Concierge Auctions
Diamonds
Wine
Institute of Art
Facebook
X
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Pinterest
TikTok
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Sotheby's International Realty's commitment to fair housing laws, standard operating procedures, and reasonable accommodations.
Fair Housing Statement
New York Fair Housing Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Accessibility Statement
Dmca Notice
Contact Us
SiteMap
COOKIE PREFERENCES
Copyright © 2006-2025 Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Texas Real Estate Commission Consumer Protection Notice

Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC fully supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Opportunity Act. Each Office is Independently Owned and Operated. Sotheby's International Realty, the Sotheby's International Realty logo, "For the Ongoing Collection of Life" and RESIDE are registered (or unregistered) service marks owned or licensed to Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC.

The information set forth on this site is based upon information which we consider reliable, but because it has been supplied by third parties to our franchisees (who in turn supplied it to us), we can not represent that it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. In accordance with applicable MLS rules, IDX listings displayed on this site may be filtered by certain objective criteria, including price. The offerings are subject to errors, omissions, changes, including price, or withdrawal without notice. All dimensions are approximate and have not been verified by the selling party and can not be verified by Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC. It is recommended that you hire a professional in the business of determining dimensions, such as an appraiser, architect or civil engineer, to determine such information.

Texas Real Estate Commission Information About Brokerage Services