Soundtrap - Make music online Skip to main content Get started Music Makers Features Education Blog Pricing Log in Get started Music Production, made simple. Create & record easily with powerful tools and sounds, all in one place. Get started for free Vocal & mixing tools Reverb, Distortion, EQ, Delay, Compressor, and more. Virtual instruments Beatmaker, software synths, drum kits, and 808 with Glide sounds. Royalty-free sounds Thousands of loops, samples, one-shots, and sound effects. Collaborative studio Make music online anytime, with anyone, on any device. Industry quality sounds, every 2 weeks New and exclusive sound packs are dropped every two weeks from trending genres like Phonk, Drill, Lo-Fi, K-Pop, and more. Our sound library has up to 24,000+ loops and hundreds of presets, designed and mixed by professional producers. Get started Latest Soundtrap Originals High Fashion Guitar Trap Open in studio Selecta Dancehall Open in studio 23 Acoustic Pop Open in studio Memphis Drift Phonk Open in studio Trunk Hip Hop Open in studio Crate Pianos Lo-Fi Open in studio Murmur Hip Hop Open in studio Rage Rage Trap Open in studio Kandy EDM Open in studio Brixton UK Drill Open in studio Pesado Latin Trap Open in studio Poco Más Reggaeton Open in studio Explore more sound packs from your favorite genres Explore sounds Collaborate with anyone, from anywhere Create and collaborate with your bandmates, friends, or other musicians in real-time through video and chat, directly in the studio. Leave comments on your shared projects and let auto-save keep you in the creative flow. Get started Mix and master for a chart-ready sound Finalize your song with our mixing and mastering tools, suitable for beginners and pros alike. From auto-mixing to EQs, compressors, and more – access all the tools you need to take your song to the top 50! Get started More features Vocal tuning Achieve pro-sounding vocals from every take with our pitch correction software. Automation Tweak the volume, pan, and use the filter sweep effect with this powerful audio editing tool. Patterns beatmaker Make your own beats with ease. Sequencing a unique beat for your next track has never been easier. Plug and play Connect your own microphone, guitar, or any other instrument. *Access to Vocal tuning and Automation available on the Sound Starter, Music Production, and Production & Vocals plans. Music maker resources Create a Song With Soundtrap Making music doesn't have to be difficult. Learn how to create the songs you want in the Studio. Read more How to Make Pro Beats: Step-by-Step Guide In this article, we will take you through the process of beat-making step-by-step. Read more Mixing a Song Online in 10 Easy Steps Perfecting your sound with Soundtrap is quick and easy with 10 simple steps to mixing your songs online. Read more How to Remix a Song: Steps to Get Started Put your own twist on your favorite songs by learning how to remix in the Studio. Read more Soundtrap for Music Makers Podcasters Education Help Support Discord Developers Pricing Blog Company About Careers Select language English Deutsch Español Français Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Svenska Türkçe Privacy Code of conduct Terms of use Cookies © 2025 Soundtrap US Inc / Soundtrap AB