SoundHound AI | Conversational AI That Speaks For Itself Why Voice AI Products Products Our Platform SoundHound’s independent voice AI platform is built for more natural conversation. Products Amelia Platform Build AI agents who listen, reason, and act – for enterprise Autonomics Platform Unlock your stack with AI-powered ITSM automation Chat AI Automotive Embed brand-specific intelligence in your products with SoundHound Chat AI Custom Voice AI Solutions Create bespoke Voice AI experiences with full-service team of SoundHound AI experts Dynamic Drive-Thru Increase throughput and maximize revenue with GenAI powered drive-thru ecosystem Employee Assist Empower employees with instant hands-free access to manuals and training information Smart Answering Custom AI-powered voice assistant that handles 100% of your phone calls Smart Ordering Process more orders across more channels with higher ticket sizes Voice Commerce Connecting drivers and merchants with Voice AI to unlock new revenue Wake Word Enhance your brand value when users ask for you by name Developers Voice AI Platform Proprietary End-to-end Conversational AI Stack Houndify Developer Platform Build your voice assistant and access content domains Edge and Cloud Connectivity A suite of Edge and Cloud connectivity solutions Apps SoundHound Music App Discover and play favorite songs by singing or humming SoundHound Chat AI The Fastest, Smartest, Most Up-to-Date Voice Assistant Industries Solutions For Every Industry Explore customizable, scalable, voice-first AI agents for your industry or use case. Industries Automotive Safer, smarter, and more natural in-car experiences Financial Services AI agents that deliver reliable, compliant answers and resolution Healthcare AI agents for patient and staff experience Insurance Build a better insurance experience with precise, empathetic AI agents Restaurants Increase throughput, efficiency, and scale without increasing headcount Retail AI agents that delight shoppers and drive revenue for retailers Smart Devices Elevate your products with Voice Generative AI Telecommunication AI agents that deliver 24/7 care and support for Telecom Travel & Hospitality Elevate your hospitality experience with AI agents Utilities AI agents that power efficient, accurate service for every utility customer Domains Customer Service Voice-enabled AI agents are your first point of contact for exceptional service HR Services Discover efficient HR self-service with AI agent automation IT Services Resolve tickets quickly and autonomously with Amelia AI agents ITSM & AIOps Explore preventative, self-healing AI management for enterprise IT stacks Resources Resources Get the latest voice AI news, keep up on trends, get expert advice, and discover new solutions. Explore our blog Resource Types Resource Center Blog Webinars Whitepapers Videos Infographics E-Books Press Releases Popular Resources FAQs Meet ‘Alli’: Allina Health’s AI Agent for Patient Access The Next Frontier of Food Ordering: How Voice Commerce Unlocks Growth for Forward-Thinking Restaurants From Cockpit to Checkout: How OEMS can Unlock $35 Billion+ Revenue with Voice Commerce AI Takes the Call: Signs of a Customer Service Revolution Analyst Reports Everest Group PEAK Matrix® Leader 2025 IDC MarketScape for Worldwide General Purpose Conversational AI Platforms, 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Conversational AI Platforms, 2025 Celent Retail Banking Intelligent Virtual Assistant Platforms Report, 2024 Frost & Sullivan Frost Radar™ for Enterprise Conversational AI in Healthcare, 2024 About Our Company Named Leader in IDC MarketScape: Conversational AI Platforms 2025 Vendor Assessment Read more About About SoundHound A leading innovator of conversational intelligence Newsroom The latest announcements, news, and company updates Press Room Investors Financials and news for SoundHound AI, Inc, (Nasdaq SOUN) Careers Join Team SoundHound to help build the voice-first future Partner With Us Partner with us to empower your clients with voice-first AI agents. Contact Us Get in touch and speak to an expert about how we can help Log in Log in to your Account Dashboard Gain access to account setup and management Log In Houndify Developer Login Manage your voice assistant and access content domains SoundHound Restaurants Login Manage your restaurant’s AI voice assistant Smart Answering Login Manage your business’s AI voice assistant Support Talk to an expert Conversational AI That Speaks for Itself ™ Business is built on conversation. Turn interactions into outcomes with our AI agents. Talk to an Expert Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Trusted by hundreds of leading brands. Why choose SoundHound AI? Our AI agents are backed by years of innovation and expertise building and deploying AI systems. REAL IMPACT 10 B Our tech automates over 10 billion conversations annually, helping leading brands cut operating costs, boost revenue, and build customer loyalty. BUSINESS EXPERTISE 20 + For over 20 years, we’ve honed a deep understanding of the businesses we serve to deliver maximum ROI with successful AI deployments. AI INNOVATION 400 + With 400+ patents our technology surpasses Big Tech voice AI in speed and accuracy within our proprietary Agentic+ framework. Connect With Us Our customers see value in every interaction. “Being able to take care of those easy requests through our digital concierge opens up our ability to be able to take care of our guests who truly have the most complicated situations that need a person to take care of.” VP of Operations Resorts World Las Vegas “Customers like that they get consistent service from Julia every time. They don’t have to worry about what kind of attitude they may get on the other side. And Julia always gets the order correct.” District Manager White Castle “The powerful hybrid cloud and embedded connectivity of SoundHound’s Voice AI platform allows us to deliver always-on voice experiences for customers on the go.” Senior Expert, Connectivity & Infotainment Stellantis “There’s a consensus between our managers and teams that introducing SoundHound’s Amelia AI agents has improved the quality of their work, giving these employees precious time back to focus on the kinds of tasks that can’t be automated.” CEO Apivia Courtage Proven technology that drives impact. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Customer Service Customers want fast, personal, and seamless service that achieves their goals. Whether it’s ordering food, applying for a loan, or refilling a prescription, our AI agents deliver experiences that keep customers coming back. Sales & Marketing Driving revenue has never been easier with outbound AI agents that set appointments and qualify leads, and commerce AI agents that intelligently upsell, proactively promote new offerings, increase throughput, and bring commerce to new channels. Product Every brand experience impacts customer loyalty. Customize a voice-enabled AI agent that brings added capability to your product — app, car, TV, or otherwise. Delight customers with a more immersive, connected product experience. Operations Managing an understaffed contact center? Employees bogged down by constant requests? Our AI agents quickly resolve issues and inquiries at scale, keeping operating costs low while boosting capacity. IT Service Management Unleash your IT team from constant firefighting with AI that proactively monitors, alerts, and resolves issues. The result? Drastically reduce outages and downtime, and free IT staff to focus on value-driving innovation. Talk to an Expert Deploy AI that’s expertly tailored to your industry or domain. Healthcare Manage appointments, support virtual check-in, refill prescriptions, and more with HIPAA-compliant AI agents integrated with Epic. Learn More Finance Secure banking AI agents help customers apply for accounts and loans, transact, report lost cards and fraud, and more. Learn More Restaurants AI agents take and process orders, automate drive-thrus, offer add-ons, provide customer support, and assist restaurant staff. Learn More Automotive Delight drivers with AI agents that automate in-car functions, troubleshoot, make purchases and service appointments, and more. Learn More Utilities Deliver real-time outage alerts, help customers manage accounts and payments, upgrade customer plans, and more with AI agents. Learn More Hospitality AI agents streamline guest services from booking and check-in to room service, entertainment, check-out, and more. Learn More Retail Enhance shopping experiences with AI agents that help customers find products, explore promos, and make purchases, returns, and exchanges. Learn More Insurance Help policyholders find the right plan, manage and explore coverage, and make claims with the help of insurance AI agents. Learn More IT Service Desk Eliminate the queue with AI agents that fully automate most P3-P5 requests — from password resets to device troubleshooting. Learn More Human Resources Make booking time off, managing benefits, updating payroll information, FAQs, and more as easy as conversation with AI agents. Learn More Telecom Drive loyalty with AI agents that help customers explore and buy new devices, update phone plans, resolve issues, and more. Learn More Smart Devices Elevate your product with customized, voice-enabled experiences, with commerce capabilities. Learn More Elevate Your Contact Center Let staff focus on your biggest business questions. Our AI agents do the rest. Talk to an Expert See AI Call Center Agents Watch: Custom Events from Wall Street Journal ON-DEMAND WEBINAR The Rise of AI Agents: Separating Hype from Reality It’s time to cut through the “agent-washing” noise. Agentic AI is already transforming operations and experiences across industries. Learn how leaders from Resorts World Las Vegas and Allina Health are driving measurable ROI with AI agents. Watch the Webinar See how we elevate every interaction. Easily connect with tools your business relies on. Hundreds of LLMs, systems, domains, and MCP servers at your disposal. Explore why analysts call us an AI leader. 202 5 Named Leader in PEAK Matrix® for Conversational AI and AI Agents in CXM Button Link 202 5 Named Leader in IDC MarketScape: Conversational AI Platforms 2025 Vendor Assessment Button Link 2025 Named Visionary in 2025 Magic Quadrant ™ for Conversational AI Platforms Button Link 2024 Highlighted in Retail Banking Intelligent Virtual Assistant Platforms Button Link 2024 Highlighted in Frost Radar™: Enterprise Conversational AI in Healthcare Button Link Curious to learn more about conversational AI agents? Nov 13 2025 Agentic Buyer’s Guide: Choosing to Build or Buy Conversational AI Explore the key questions when choosing between a conversational AI platform vendor or Big Tech. Learn More Jun 19 2025 AI Takes the Call: Signs of a Customer Service Revolution Discover why AI-driven customer service is an untapped advantage. Learn More Jun 20 2025 From Cockpit to Checkout: How OEMs Can Unlock $35 Billion+ Revenue With Voice Commerce Voice commerce presents an unprecedented revenue opportunity for automakers. Learn More Let’s Partner Toward Value We’re dedicated to driving results for your business. By partnering with you from pre-sales through deployment and long-term planning, we ensure you unlock the full potential of our technology. Discovery We want to hear from you. What are your challenges and your aspirations for the future? We’ll see where we can help. Technical Deep-Dives We’ll show you what’s under the hood. Catered demos, technical capabilities and requirements, and more. ROI Assessment We help you move your bottom line. Together, we’ll identify where our technology aligns with your needs to drive high-value outcomes. Deployment Identification Whether you start small or large, our expert team will help you identify the optimal deployment – from use cases to integrations. Talk to an Expert Tell us a little about yourself and what you’re looking for. We’ll be in touch. Home Page form (#41) Δ Contact First_Name Last_Name Job_Title Email Company Product - Select Product(s) you're interested in* - AI Autonomics Amelia Platform Automotive Voice AI Custom Voice AI Solution Dynamic Drive-Thru Employee Assist In-app Voice AI IoT / Smart Devices Smart Answering Smart Ordering Voice Commerce Other / Unsure Phone Number Please describe your use case and technical requirements* I consent to have SoundHound store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry By submitting your email, you are consenting to receiving email messages with offers, updates and other relevant marketing messages from SoundHound. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. We value your privacy and will use your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Submit At SoundHound, we believe every brand should have a voice. As the leading innovator of conversational technologies, we’re trusted by top brands around the globe. 5400 Betsy Ross Drive Santa Clara, CA 95054 +1(408) 441-3200 Why Voice AI About SoundHound Investors Newsroom Careers Support Partner With Us Industries Automotive Financial Services Healthcare Insurance Restaurants Retail Smart Devices Telecommunication Travel & Hospitality Utilities Use Cases Customer Service HR Services IT Services ITSM & AIOps Products Amelia Platform Autonomics Platform Voice Commerce Dynamic Drive-Thru Smart Ordering Smart Answering Employee Assist Chat AI Automotive Custom Voice AI Solutions Wake Word Developers Voice AI Platform Houndify Developer Platform Edge and Cloud Connectivity Apps SoundHound Music App SoundHound Chat AI Resources Resource Center FAQs Blog Webinars Whitepapers Videos Infographics E-Books Language English International 简体中文 ( Chinese (Simplified) ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) © 2025 SoundHound AI Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information