Sourcegraph | The code intelligence platform for enterprises UX Design & Webflow Agency NYC | Composite Global Sourcegraph and Amp are becoming two separate companies Platform UX Design & Webflow Agency NYC | Composite Global Deep Search Agentic, natural language AI search Code Search Powerful search for complex codebases Batch Changes Large-scale, cross-repository changes Insights High-level code metrics and analytics MCP Code graph knowledge for agents APIs GraphQL and REST APIs + webhooks CLI Sourcegraph in your terminal Cody AI coding assistant Resources Case Studies Learn how engineering teams are leveraging Sourcegraph Explore case studies Public Code Search Search across 1M+ public repositories Try Public Code Search Changelog What’s changed in Sourcegraph Blog Product + engineering updates Documentation Get help using Sourcegraph Pricing Search public code Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Sign up Sign up Sign up Platform Deep Search Code Search Batch Changes Insights Monitors MCP APIs CLI Extensions & Integrations Cody Resources Case Studies Public Code Search Blog Changelog Docs Pricing Open Modal Sign up to get access Continue With GitHub Continue With GitLab Continue With Google By registering, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Already have an account? Sign in. Code understanding for humans and agents Sourcegraph empowers humans and AI coding agents with the context to understand and evolve the world's largest, most complex codebases. Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Trusted by world-class engineering teams Codebases are growing faster than ever with AI. The race to ship quickly with AI often leads to sprawling complexity—code multiplying faster than teams can understand or control it. Without improved tooling and better safeguards, it can make codebases exponentially harder to reason about and maintain for both humans and agents, ultimately slowing you down. This is where Sourcegraph comes in. Sourcegraph is the code understanding platform that lets developers and agents search, understand and automate changes across codebases. Your browser does not support the video tag. Agentic AI Search Teams struggle to understand ever-increasing code complexity. Deep Search delivers the context and confidence needed to move faster—by providing clear answers in even the most complex codebases. Explore Deep Search Explore Deep Search Explore Deep Search Sourcegraph MCP [beta] Coding agents fail in legacy codebases. Give agents increased accuracy and output quality by leveraging powerful code search and navigation tools available via the Sourcegraph MCP. Explore Sourcegraph MCP Explore Sourcegraph MCP Explore Sourcegraph MCP “This is what I imagined AI would do for developers—extensive discovery over existing files and helping developers understand a huge codebase...” Engineer @ Booking.com Code Search Search for code in massive, sprawling codebases. Fast, comprehensive, exhaustive. Find exactly what you need. Explore Code Search Explore Code Search Explore Code Search Lightning-fast search at enterprise scale. Whether 100 or 1M repositories, we've got you. Truly universal. We support GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, Gerrit, Perforce and more. Powerful search capabilities. Filters, keywords, operators, pattern matching, and more. Find all panic handling in HTTP handlers AI Workflows Turn understanding into action Batch Changes. Search-and-replace across all code hosts, repositories, and billions of lines of code. Monitors. Monitor for potential vulnerabilities, bad practices and undesirable changes. Trigger actions and agents to notify and fix. Insights. AI-powered dashboards to see what’s changing across the repositories you care about. Get next-gen AI-powered coding workflows, first. We're looking for partners to help us build the future of mass code manipulation, observability and more. Learn more Built for enterprise Trusted. Scalable. Enterprise-ready. SOC2 Type II + ISO27001 Compliance. Your code and data stay secure. Dedicated support. Account Managers + Support Engineers provide dedicated help. SCIM User Management. Automated user provisioning and lifecycle management. Zero data retention. Your LLM inference is never stored beyond what’s required and never shared with third parties. Single Sign On. Enterprise-ready SSO with SAML, OpenID Connect, and OAuth ensures secure, centralized authentication. Role-based Access Controls (RBAC). Fine-grained RBAC keeps your team’s access secure and scoped. Unblock your organization. Ship faster. With Sourcegraph, the code understanding platform for enterprise. Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Code understanding for humans and agents Platform Deep Search Code Search Batch Changes Search public code Pricing Resources Documentation Resource Library Blog Changelog Case Studies Community Company About Careers Contact Handbook Brand Guide © 2025 Sourcegraph, Inc. System status Terms of service Privacy policy