Sourcing Journal Skip to main content WWD Footwear News Sourcing Journal WWD Weekend Beauty Inc Fairchild Live Read Our Sustainability Report A New Way of Thinking Sourcingjournal Log in Log in Account Manage Account Log Out Click to expand the Mega Menu site categories Denim Sustainability Webinars Reports Logistics Video LA Sustainability Summit Click to Expand Search Input Plus Icon Click to Close Search Input Click to expand the Mega Menu Menu Denim Sustainability Webinars Reports Logistics Video LA Sustainability Summit Sourcingjournal Log in Log In Account Manage Account Log Out Click to Expand Search Input Plus Icon Click to Close Search Input Trade Tariff Ticker Materials Material World Technology Byte-Sized AI Turkey’s Minimum Wage Surges 27 Percent Workers remain disgruntled stating this fails to match the cost of inflation and is “less than a survival… BY Mayu Saini Featured Stories Sourcing Mob Violence Rocks Bangladesh Ahead of Elections Mayu Saini Trade A Look Back at ‘Liberation Day’ and the Tariff Turmoil It Unleashed Kate Nishimura Retail Italy Takes Aim at Ultra-Fast Fashion With New Levy Martino Carrera Snapshot AI Meets the Warehouse Loading Dock: Kargo Raises $42 Million Target, American Eagle Push Congress to Expand Organized Retail Crime Protections Everbloom Uses AI to Turn Protein Waste into Luxury-Grade Fiber Depop: Gen Z Isn’t Done with Fashion; Just Editing It Rising Demand for Vintage and Secondhand Denim Creates New Opportunities Sign Up for SJ Newsletters Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers Email Address Sign Up Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Editor’s Picks Sourcing Myanmar Elections Could Spur Global Business Appetites, But Will They Be Legitimate? Business Target, American Eagle Push Congress to Expand Organized Retail Crime Protections Labor Myanmar’s Garment Sector is Woven in Fear, BHRC Finds Trade Bessent: Supreme Court Could Decide the Fate of Trump’s Tariffs in January. But Refunds? Not Business Households Have Shelled Out $1,200 Each on Tariff Costs Since Trump Took Office, Democrats Say Trade EU Targets Shein, Temu With 3-Euro Fee on Small Parcels as Trade Bloc Moves to End De Minimis Latest News Logistics DHL’s Tesla Semi Pilot ‘Exceeded Expectations,’ Paving Way for Expansion 5 minutes ago Sourcing Turkey’s Minimum Wage Surges 27 Percent 1 hr ago Brands The Biggest Footwear CEO Changes of 2025 18 hrs ago Logistics Cosco Slapped With FMC Complaint Over Detention Fees, Booking Cancellations 19 hrs ago Sourcing DBL Group Earns HSBC Export Excellence Award 22 hrs ago Materials Year In Review: Proof or Bust for Fashion’s Favorite Materials 22 hrs ago Technology Year in Review: Five Logistics Tech Funding Rounds of Note 23 hrs ago Sourcing Mob Violence Rocks Bangladesh Ahead of Elections 1 day ago Logistics South Korea Maps Decade-Long $3.1B Global Ports Expansion 2 days ago More News Videos More Videos Videos Materials How Birla Cellulose is Greening the Value Chain with Next-Gen Fiber and Traceability Tech By SJ Studio Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! more videos Eileen Fisher’s Business Case for Sustainability Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Balancing Retail Growth and Cybersecurity Risk Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Material Innovation and Verification in Circular Fashion Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! AGI Denim Scales Clean Tech Across Operations to Maximize Impact and Efficiency Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! The Tariff Effect: A Luxury Brand Case Study Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! SJ Denim Logo Denim News Business The Biggest Denim Stories of 2025 The biggest headlines shaping the denim industry in 2025 were driven by political forces and carried an overtly patriotic tone. Business Year in Review: Heritage Denim Back in the Zeitgeist More Denim News Footwear Logo More Footwear News Business The Biggest Footwear M&A Deals in 2025 Brands The Biggest Footwear CEO Changes of 2025 Brands 7 of the Biggest Layoffs to Hit Footwear in 2025 Sourcing Shoe Production in China, Southeast Asia Could Shift Again: Here's Why More Footwear News PMC Logo Most Popular Chevy Chase Was Put Into a Coma for 8 Days After Heart Failure and 'Basically Came Back From the Dead': ‘The Doctor Warned Us We Might Not Get Him Back’ Tyler Perry Sued for Sexual Assault By New Accuser, an Actor in a ‘Madea’ Movie Keith Urban Is Reportedly Questioning Whether Divorce From Nicole Kidman Was a 'Huge Mistake' Heisman Runner-Up Pavia Seeks Court Order to Keep Playing You may also like WWD Adds 2026 Style Awards Honorees, Reveals Golden Globe Awards Red Carpet Hosts 12 hrs ago Mercedes-Benz Now Offers a G-Class Desert Expedition in North Africa. Here’s What to Know. 5 hrs ago Patriots’ Stefon Diggs Subject to Felony Charge, NFL Conduct Policy 10 hrs ago Watch Jennifer Lopez Cover Lana Del Rey, Barbra Streisand at Vegas Show 3 hrs ago Subscriptions Log in Log in optional screen reader Membership FAQ Sourcing Journal About Us Our Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Accessibility Legal Terms Of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices EU Privacy Preferences California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices Follow Us facebook instagram linkedin twitter Stay in the Know Enter your email Subscribe Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Have a Tip? Send Us a Tip Sign Up Copyright © 2025 Penske Business Media, LLC. All Rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Sites Art in America Artforum ARTnews Billboard BlogHer Deadline Flow Space Footwear News Gold Derby IndieWire Robb Report Rolling Stone SheKnows Soaps Sourcing Journal Sportico StyleCaster The Hollywood Reporter Variety Vibe WWD Sourcingjournal Log in Log in Log Out Log Out Close the menu Topics Expand topics menu Business Compliance Consumer Insights Fashion Trends Financial Labor Lifestyle Monitor Logistics Raw Materials Retail Sourcing News Technology Thought Leadership Trade Trade Shows Market Data Expand market-data menu Market News Apparel Cotton Import/Export Retail Synthetic Other Raw Materials Denim Expand denim menu Brands Influencers Innovations Mills Trends Retail Business Rivet 50 Footwear Expand footwear menu Brands Business Innovations Retail Supply Chain Trends Home Expand home menu News Furnishings Soft Goods Sustainability Expand sustainability menu News Compliance Materials Webinars Expand webinars menu Reports Expand reports menu Video Expand video menu Events Expand events menu SJ Studio Expand sj-studio menu Access exclusive content, Follow Us Follow Sourcingjournal on facebook Follow Sourcingjournal on instagram Follow Sourcingjournal on linkedin Follow Sourcingjournal on twitter Alerts & Newsletters Your Email Sign Up Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. optional screen reader About Us Our Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Become A Member Accessibility Icon Link Plus Icon Copyright © 2025 Penske Business Media, LLC. All Rights reserved. ad