Inflight Entertainment & Internet | Southwest Airlines Inflight Entertainment and Internet Now Onboard Inflight Entertainment How to
              Get Connected Head to Settings . Turn on Airplane mode. Turn on Wi-Fi. Choose SouthwestWiFi from the WiFi network list. Tap Access the portal or open SouthwestWiFi.com in your browser
              directly. Still having trouble? Check out our FAQs . Please
              use headphones when enjoying entertainment onboard. Free Entertainment 1 Where available. Available only on WiFi-enabled
              aircraft. Limited-time offer. We've got something for everyone. With a wide variety of new releases and long-time
            Customer favorites, all movies are viewable right in your browser - no downloads or sign-ups required! New Releases Smurfs 1hr 32min English Fantasy, Adventure, Family When Papa Smurf is taken by evil wizards Razamel and Gargamel, Smurfette leads the Smurfs on a mission to the real world to save him. Elio 1hr 38min English Animation, Adventure Elio, a space fanatic with an active imagination, finds himself on a cosmic misadventure where he must form new bonds with eccentric alien lifeforms, navigate a crisis of intergalactic proportions, and somehow discover who he is truly meant to be. Freakier Friday 1hr 51min English Comedy, Family, Fantasy Freakier Friday , a sequel to 2003's Freaky Friday , stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan as Tess and Anna Coleman. The story picks up years after Tess and Anna endured an identity crisis. Anna now has a daughter of her own and a soon-to-be stepdaughter. As they navigate the challenges that come when two families merge, Tess and Anna discover that lightning might indeed strike twice. How to Train Your Dragon 2hr 5min English Family, Adventure On the isle of Berk, Vikings and dragons have battled for generations, but that won't stop Hiccup, son of Chief Stoick the Vast, from building an unlikely bond with the feared dragon, Toothless. With an ancient evil threatening their worlds, it's up to Hiccup, Toothless, and their courageous companion Astrid to make the realm realize they're stronger together, and only through friendship and bravery can they overcome the challenges of a high-flying adventure. View Trailer Jurassic World: Rebirth 2hr 13min English Action, Adventure The colossal franchise returns for a new era with Jurassic World: Rebirth , starring Academy Award ® nominee Scarlett Johansson, Emmy and SAG nominee Jonathan Bailey and two-time Oscar ® winner Mahershala Ali. This action-packed new entry in the Jurassic series follows an extraction team as they brave an isolated island research facility inhabited by dangerous prehistoric creatures on a mission. View Trailer Karate Kid: Legends 1hr 34min English Action, Drama, Family Karate Kid: Legends unites the iconic martial arts masters of one of the most beloved film franchises of all time to tell a completely new story full of action and heart. When kung fu prodigy Li Fong (Ben Wang) relocates to New York City with his mother to attend a prestigious new school, he finds solace in a new friendship with a classmate and her father. His newfound peace is short-lived after he attracts unwanted attention from a formidable local karate champion. Driven by a desire to defend himself, Li embarks on a journey to enter the ultimate karate competition. Guided by the wisdom of his kung fu teacher, Mr. Han (Jackie Chan), and the legendary Karate Kid, Daniel LaRusso (Ralph Macchio), Li merges their unique styles to prepare for an epic martial arts showdown. View Trailer Lilo & Stitch 1hr 30min English Adventure, Comedy, Family Experience this wildly funny and touching live-action reimagining of Disney's beloved animated classic. When a lonely girl named Lilo adopts Stitch, a rambunctious alien “puppy,” Stitch helps to mend Lilo's broken family—but not without wreaking hilarious havoc and mischievous fun on the Hawaiian Islands. Materialists 1hr 56min English Comedy, Drama Lucy (Dakota Johnson) is a young, ambitious New York City matchmaker who thinks she has love down to a formula. When she meets a tall, dark, and handsome “unicorn” (Pedro Pascal) on the same night as a chance encounter with a broke old boyfriend (Chris Evans), she's suddenly torn between the perfect match and her imperfect ex. View Trailer Sinners 2hr 17min English Mystery, Thriller Trying to leave their troubled lives behind, twin brothers (Jordan) return to their hometown to start again, only to discover that an even greater evil is waiting to welcome them back. Superman 2hr 9min English Action, Adventure, Science Fiction When Superman is drawn into conflicts both abroad and at home, his actions to protect humankind are questioned, and his vulnerability allows tech billionaire and master deceiver Lex Luthor to leverage the opportunity to get Superman out of the way for good. Will the Daily Planet's intrepid reporter Lois Lane, together with the aid of Metropolis's other metahumans and Superman's own four-legged companion, Krypto, be able to help Superman before Luthor can completely destroy him? The Bad Guys 2 1hr 44min English Family, Animation Everyone's favorite felons are back, and this time, they've got company. In the new action-packed chapter from DreamWorks Animation's acclaimed comedy smash about a crackerjack crew of animal outlaws, our now-reformed Bad Guys are trying (very, very hard) to be good, but instead find themselves hijacked into a high-stakes, globe-trotting heist, masterminded by a new team of criminals they never saw coming: The Bad Girls. View Trailer The Unholy Trinity 1hr 33min English Western, Action, Adventure, Crime In 1870s Montana, Henry Broadway must avenge his father's wrongful execution by killing the man who framed him. He heads to the lawless town of Trinity, where he's trapped between the sheriff, Gabriel Dove (Pierce Brosnan), and the enigmatic St. Christopher (Samuel L. Jackson). As secrets and danger unravel, Henry fights to survive and uncover the truth in this high-stakes action-packed western. Fuzzy Feels Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1hr 26min English Animation This 3D animated adaptation of the classic Dr. Seuss environmental fable recounts the story of the Once-ler, an ambitious and enterprising creature who, despite the warning of the Lorax, destroyed all the town's trees for his once thriving factory. There is now but one seed. A fantastical and wildly imaginative parable of conservation, this re-imagining of The Lorax features the vocal talents of Danny DeVito, Betty White, and Ed Helms. View Trailer Ice Age 1hr 21min English Family, Adventure, Animation, Comedy During the ice age, a woolly mammoth loner with a tragic past joins a wisecracking sloth and a scheming saber-toothed tiger on a perilous journey to reunite a boy with his hunter father. Lilo & Stitch 1hr 30min English Adventure, Comedy, Family Experience this wildly funny and touching live-action reimagining of Disney's beloved animated classic. When a lonely girl named Lilo adopts Stitch, a rambunctious alien “puppy,” Stitch helps to mend Lilo's broken family—but not without wreaking hilarious havoc and mischievous fun on the Hawaiian Islands. Monsters University 1hr 44min English Family, Adventure, Animation, Comedy Disney Pixar proudly presents the hilarious story of how two mismatched monsters met and became lifelong friends in a movie screaming with laughter and oozing with heart. Join Mike and Sulley during their first semester at Monsters University . Paddington 2 1hr 44min English Fantasy, Adventure, Comedy, Family Following the worldwide hit Paddington , one of the most successful family films of all time, this much-anticipated sequel finds Paddington (Ben Whishaw) happily settled with the Brown family in London, where he has become a popular member of the local community, spreading joy and marmalade wherever he goes. While searching for the perfect present for his beloved Aunt Lucy's hundredth birthday, Paddington sees a unique pop-up book in Mr. Gruber's antique shop, and embarks upon a series of odd jobs to buy it. But when the book is stolen, it's up to Paddington and the Browns to unmask the thief. Puss in Boots: The Last Wish 1hr 42min English Animation Puss in Boots (voiced by Academy Award ® nominee Antonio Banderas) discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: He has burned through eight of his nine lives, leaving him with only one life left. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives. View Trailer The Bad Guys 1hr 40min English Animation, Comedy, Family After a lifetime of pulling legendary heists, five notorious bad guys—Mr. Wolf, Mr. Snake, Mr. Piranha, Mr. Shark and Ms. Tarantula—attempt their most challenging job yet... going good. Nobody has ever failed so hard at trying to be good as The Bad Guys , an animated feature film from DreamWorks Animation View Trailer The Bad Guys 2 1hr 44min English Family, Animation Everyone's favorite felons are back, and this time, they've got company. In the new action-packed chapter from DreamWorks Animation's acclaimed comedy smash about a crackerjack crew of animal outlaws, our now-reformed Bad Guys are trying (very, very hard) to be good, but instead find themselves hijacked into a high-stakes, globe-trotting heist, masterminded by a new team of criminals they never saw coming: The Bad Girls. View Trailer The Jungle Book 1hr 46min English Drama, Adventure, Fantasy Follows Mowgli, a man-cub raised in the jungle by a family of wolves, as he embarks on a captivating journey of self-discovery when he's forced to abandon the only home he's ever known. Zootopia 1hr 49min English Family, Adventure, Animation, Comedy Walt Disney Animation Studios presents a heartwarming comedy-adventure set in the modern mammal metropolis of Zootopia . With habitat neighborhoods like ritzy Sahara Square and frigid Tundratown, it's a melting pot where animals from every environment live together—a place where no matter what you are, from the biggest elephant to the smallest shrew, you can be anything. But when optimistic Officer Judy Hopps arrives, she discovers that being the first bunny on a police force of big, tough animals isn't so easy. Determined to prove herself, she jumps at the opportunity to crack a case, even if it means partnering with fast-talking, scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery. TV Series The Penguin English Drama, Fantasy It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia English Comedy The Office English Comedy Vanderpump Rules English Reality Batwheels English Animation, Kids Beat Bobby Flay (Holiday Throwdown) English Reality Bluey English Kids, Animation Chicago Med English Drama Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives English Lifestyle, Reality Emperor of Ocean Park English Mystery, Crime Home Town English Lifestyle Generous Kids Book Club—Giving Adventure English Family, Kids Law & Order: Organized Crime English Drama, Crime Mickey Mouse Clubhouse English Kids, Animation Parks and Recreation English Comedy Teen Titans Go! English Action, Adventure The Real Housewives of Potomac English Reality The Simpsons English Comedy, Animation Live TV 1 Live TV Holiday Hits Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas 1hr 45min English Comedy He's mean, he's green, and he doesn't like the Yuletide season one bit. Jim Carrey stars as the title character in this live-action adaptation of the classic children's story by Dr. Seuss. High atop Mt. Crumpet, The Grinch observes the residents of Whoville joyously preparing to celebrate Christmas. He decides he's had enough of all this happiness, and conspires to steal Christmas from Whoville! View Trailer National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 1hr 36min English Comedy Clark Griswold, the well-intentioned, walking disaster who has dragged his family through the horrors of traveling in two previous National Lampoon Vacation films, has decided to stay home for the holidays—and the neighborhood will never be the same. Die Hard 2hr 0min English Action, Adventure New York City Detective John McClane becomes the only hope for a small group of hostages, one of whom is his estranged wife, trapped in a Los Angeles high-rise office building when it is seized by terrorists on Christmas Eve. Elf 1hr 37min English Family, Comedy, Fantasy One Christmas Eve a long time ago, a baby crawled into Santa's bag of toys... Raised as an elf, Buddy grows into an adult three times larger than the biggest elf—and realizes that he will never truly fit in at the North Pole. This holiday season, Buddy goes looking for his true place in the world—in New York City. Home Alone 1hr 42min English Family, Adventure, Comedy When little Kevin McCallister is accidentally left behind when his family dashes off on a Christmas trip, he is left to defend his family's home from two bumbling burglars until the relatives return. The Holiday 2hr 1min English Comedy, Romance Two women on opposite sides of the globe, Amanda Woods and Iris Simpkins, find themselves in a similar predicament. Desperate for a change of scenery, the two women meet on the internet and swap houses for the Christmas holiday, discovering that a change of address really can change your life. View Trailer The Nightmare Before Christmas 1hr 16min English Animation Jack Skellington, king of Halloween Town, discovers Christmas Town, but his attempts to bring Christmas to his home causes confusion. Get connected. Get connected. Enjoy movies and TV for free—just bring your own device and headphones. 1 Rapid Rewards ® Members can enjoy free WiFi thanks to T-Mobile ® . 1 Free texting 2 available with connection to WiFi. Not a Member? Join Rapid Rewards ® for free! Note: In order to provide a better experience, we may prohibit
              access to certain high-bandwidth applications, websites, and video conferencing services. In
              consideration of the public environment onboard we may also restrict potentially offensive online
              content. Frequently Asked Questions Before your flight What entertainment and connectivity does Southwest offer? Our Inflight Entertainment Portal 1 offers a variety of complimentary features, including a flight tracker 1 , on-demand movies and TV series, as well as live television 3 . Free texting 2 available with connection to WiFi. Rapid Rewards ® Members get access to Free WiFi thanks to T-Mobile ® ! 1 Not a Member? Join 3 for free now! Or purchase WiFi for $8 per device from takeoff to landing. 3 Are there seatback screens? Do you provide a device if I don't have one? We do not have seatback screens or devices to rent. All of our entertainment and connectivity options
                  are available on your personal device with no additional downloads required. What about headphones? We do not offer headphones onboard. Headphones are required whenever a Customer is listening to any
                  audio. Will I be able to recharge my device onboard? We are excited to bring in-seat power to our aircraft beginning this year. Once installed, aircraft
                    will feature USB-A and USB-C ports on each seat back, which are capable of delivering up to 60W of
                    power. Be sure to charge your device before boarding while we work to bring this functionality to all
                    aircraft in our fleet. Is connectivity available on international flights? Internet coverage and some services may not be available for the full duration of your flight to or
                  from our international destinations. We'll let you know if or when we may temporarily pause service. What devices can I use? Most popular phones, tablets, and notebooks are compatible with our Inflight Entertainment Portal. Check our technical requirements for more details . Is closed captioning available? Closed captions are available for movies, TV series, and Live TV when they have been made available
                    by our providers. During your flight How do I access Inflight Entertainment and Internet options? Activate airplane mode with WiFi turned on. Choose "SouthwestWiFi" from the network list. Follow the prompt or visit www.southwestwifi.com in your browser. How do I access free WiFi as a Rapid Rewards ® Member? You will need your Rapid Rewards ® number handy to login to your account. If your Rapid Rewards ® number is associated with your reservation, you can use your confirmation number for your current flight to access the WiFi. When can I use it? You can use approved WiFi-enabled devices gate-to-gate, once onboard the aircraft. Please make sure
                    your device is switched to "airplane mode" with "WiFi" turned on once the aircraft doors are closed.
                    Connectivity is available for taxi, takeoff, and landing. Internet connectivity may not be available for the full duration of flights to/from select
                    international destinations. Technical Help What if I'm having trouble connecting to SouthwestWiFi or watching content? We're sorry to hear that there were some bumps along the way. Please confirm that your device meets
                    the minimum requirements for the Inflight Entertainment Portal. Southwest is unable to provide
                    technical support, but you may email us by visiting the Southwest Help Center to report any
                    problems you had with your onboard experience. Please note that utilizing privacy browser modes or VPN functionality (such as Apple Private Relay)
                    may impact product availability. You may also try resetting your browsing data according to the
                    manufacturer's instructions for a smoother experience. VPN, Apple Private Relay, and other privacy functions Using certain privacy functionality, including the use of VPNs like Apple Private Relay, may
                    prevent some features from operating as expected. Please consider disabling these functions to
                    better enjoy your inflight entertainment experience. What payment method can I use to purchase Internet access on Southwest flights? We accept the following payment options: Credit Card PayPal Apple Pay Venmo I had trouble with $8 Internet. Can I be refunded? We're sorry to hear that there were some bumps along the way. If you need help with your purchase
                    please email us by visiting the Southwest Help Center . What kind of device do I need? The Inflight Entertainment Portal is supported on devices that meet the minimum requirements below.
                    Browser support is limited to most recent version in addition to one previous version. Other devices
                    and browsers may provide limited functionality. Please note that utilizing privacy browser modes or VPN functionality (such as Apple Private Relay)
                    may impact product availability. Device Operating System Browsers iPhone iOS 16.0+ Google Chrome, Apple Safari iPad iPadOS 16.0+ Google Chrome, Apple Safari Android Android 13.0+ Google Chrome Mac MacOS 13+ Google Chrome, Apple Safari, Firefox Windows PC Windows 11+ Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox 1 Where available. Available only on WiFi-enabled designated aircraft. Due to licensing restrictions, free live TV may not be available onboard WiFi-enabled international flights. 2 Texting only allows access to iMessage and WhatsApp (which must be downloaded and activated before connecting to SouthwestWiFi). 3 WiFi access for $8 per device from takeoff to landing. Price is subject to change. May not be available for the full duration of flight. In order to provide a top-notch WiFi experience, we prohibit access to certain high-bandwidth applications and websites. We also prohibit access to certain obscene or offensive content. All Rapid Rewards ® rules and regulations apply and can be found at Southwest.com/rrterms . (opens new window) Opens new window. External site which may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Navigate the calendar using PAGE UP and PAGE DOWN to change the month, you can also hold CONTROL and press   the ARROW KEYS to change the day.