University of South Alabama | Flagship of the Gulf Coast University of South Alabama Homepage Toggle navigation Text-Only Skip Main Navigation Register for Orientation Apply Admissions Visit Maps Interactive Printable Parking JagTran Tracker JagNet JagMail Login Help Logins Students Faculty & Staff PAWS USAonline Directories Faculty/Staff One Stop Libraries A-Z Give About Students Parents Alumni Academics Research Athletics Apply Admissions Visit Directories Faculty/Staff One Stop Libraries A-Z Give Maps Interactive Printable Parking JagTran Tracker JagNet JagMail Login Help Logins Students Faculty/Staff PAWS USAonline About We Are South USA is a community of leaders and learners who support and challenge one another through academic experiences, research and service that advance the Gulf Coast region and the world. South encourages creativity and discovery by linking experiential learning to real-world applications. Read more Overview | A-Z Contact USA Visit USA Employment Our Campus The Gulf Coast History of USA Social Media Speakers Bureau Community Engagement President Provost/Academic Affairs University Administration Board of Trustees USA Health Strategic Plan Tuition and Fees USA Brand Guide University Calendar Students Overview | A-Z Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Students USA One Stop Financial Aid Student Accounting Registrar Scholarships Student Services Course Catalog Academic Calendar Schedule of Classes Honors College Bookstore Student Organizations Housing Dining New Student Orientation We Are Success South is a place where students discover and strengthen their passions, find their career paths, and form connections that result in lifelong relationships. At South, we look at the world and see things that we have the power to change, affect and shape — together. So that’s exactly what we do, every single day. Read more . Parents Overview | A-Z Schedule a Tour Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions USA One Stop Financial Aid Scholarships Honors College Orientation Schedule Tuition and Fees Student Accounting Academic Calendar Net Price Calculator Housing Dining Student Account Access Safety on Campus Student Health Services Campus Calendar We Are Community College is an exciting time for you and your student, and we want to help you navigate through making your decision and finding resources for your student. Our website offers connections to assist you with admissions and financial aid, directions and scheduling a visit, and housing and dining options. Read more . Alumni We Are Spirit The USA National Alumni Association connects Jaguar alumni across the world. The Association serves USA alumni by providing leadership opportunities, philanthropy, career services, chapter events and more. Stay connected to your University by joining the Alumni Association today. Read more . Overview | A-Z Jaguar Journeys Belltower Business Directory Board of Directors Contact Us Distinguished Alumni Awards Refer a Jag MacQueen Alumni Center Alumni Giving Alumni Membership 1974 Society Southerners South Magazine Student Scholarships Academics Overview | A-Z Colleges and Schools Undergraduate Majors Graduate Majors Online Programs Graduate School Honors College Global USA Continuing Education University Bulletin Academic Calendar Academic Advising and Support Baldwin County Campus Career Development Financial Aid Student Academic Success Registrar’s Office USA Bookstore Office of Academic Affairs We Are Scholars A South education allows students to explore and develop interests that build the foundation of lifelong career paths. Our faculty are dedicated to helping students reach their maximum potential. And with more than 115 undergraduate and graduate degree programs, South provides plenty of avenues for discovery. Read more . Research We Are Innovators USA researchers are problem-solvers and pioneers, and our faculty often collaborate across disciplines. The outcomes are high-quality scholarship, global partnerships, new information and opportunities, the transformation of traditional disciplines, and innovations that benefit society. Read more . Overview | A-Z Research/Economic Development Core Research Competencies Research Centers and Institutes Technology and Research Park Undergrad Research Program Postdoctoral Education Academic and Clinical Expertise Commercialization and Industry Collaboration Research Compliance and Integrity Sponsored Projects Administration Research Development USA Available Technologies Athletics We Are One Team South’s student-athletes compete in 17 NCAA Division I sports, demonstrating excellence on the field and in the classroom. The Jaguars are a charter member of the Sun Belt Conference, and our alumni have gone on to notable professional careers in baseball, basketball, golf and football. Read more . Overview | A-Z Jaguar Athletics Purchase Tickets Athletics Calendar Photo Galleries Jaguar Apparel and Gifts Hall of Fame Athletics Staff Directory Homecoming Campus Recreation & Wellness Aquatics Recreation and Wellness Facilities Membership Outdoor Adventures South Sports SouthFit Youth Programs Previous Applications Now Open Find your place at South Fresh Start Transfer your credits and move forward at South Take a Tour Experience our campus, culture and community in person Next Slide 0 Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Apply Visit Cost Estimator Graduate School Scholarships Majors and Minors Explore South’s academic programs. Find your major USA NEWS Looking Back, in Pictures and Progress A giant snow storm, rising enrollment, construction of the Frederick P. Whiddon College of Medicine and more. See the moments that helped define 2025. More News USA NEWS More News Looking Back, in Pictures and Progress A giant snow storm, rising enrollment, construction of the Frederick P. Whiddon College of Medicine and more. See the moments that helped define 2025. Ready. South. Go. When a flagship leads your way, every horizon is yours to claim. Apply today Events More Events Jan 8 Women's Basketball vs Arkansas State Thursday,  January 8, 7:00 PM - 9:30 PM Location: Mitchell Center MC - Arena - Main Jan 10 Women's Basketball vs Louisiana Monroe Saturday,  January 10, 2:00 PM - 4:30 PM Location: Mitchell Center MC - Arena - Main Jan 10 Men's Basketball vs Georgia Southern Saturday,  January 10, 4:30 PM - 8:00 PM Location: Mitchell Center MC - Arena - Main Jan 15 Men's Basketball vs Arkansas State Thursday,  January 15, 7:00 PM - 10:00 PM Location: Mitchell Center MC - Arena - Main Videos More Videos Campus Video Tour Study Abroad Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH ALABAMA (251) 460-6101 MOBILE, ALABAMA 36688 Privacy Statement | Contact USA © 2025 University of South Alabama USA Resources USA Health USA Bookstore Mitchell Center Parking Services Sustainability USA Baldwin County Job Opportunities Emergency Information PAWS Ethics and Compliance Title IX LevelUP Annual Security Report Accessibility Text Only