South Bend Tribune: Local News, Politics & Sports in South Bend, IN News Sports Entertainment Advertise Opinion Business Obituaries eNewspaper Legals South Bend native, veteran of 'The Wire' and 7 Spike Lee movies dies Community celebration for Kwanzaa in South Bend Take a look at some of The Tribune's best photos of 2025 Find out the bejeweled names of Potawatomi Zoo's baby fennec foxes Watch Now Must Read The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper More Stories The Interra Classic boasted a loaded field this year Notre Dame basketball did the tough stuff to start 1-0… Lessons learned for area girls basketball teams at 2025… New Indiana laws taking effect Jan. 1, from property… Love board games? Coffee? Food? Wrestling? Victory Roll… Shopping Cross this event off your bucket list and make every friend jealous Relive the top sports moments of 2025 with USA TODAY's front pages Save up to 70% at Walmart’s seasonal clearance event News South Bend native, veteran of 'The Wire' and 7 Spike Lee movies dies Community celebration for Kwanzaa in South Bend Take a look at some of The Tribune's best photos of 2025 Sports The Interra Classic boasted a loaded field this year Notre Dame basketball did the tough stuff to start 1-0 in ACC play Lessons learned for area girls basketball teams at 2025 Interra Classic Entertainment 18 events happening Dec. 29 to Jan. 4, 2026 Who won first Tribune Christmas carol-singing contest? Watch the videos 'It's Only a Play' opens 2026 StageWorks series at The Acting Ensemble Life Photos: Inside Roselily in South Bend Getting to know Verena and Daniel Ray Photos: New Italian restaurant Osteria Amici opens in Elkhart Business Jeff Rea: Housing remains a priority for all communities Jeff Rea:: Industrial growth beyond data centers in St. Joseph County Tax Talk: Only a few days to take advantage of last-minute filing tips Opinion I&M president reflects on year of service Steve Baker Swatting, death threats can be traced back to president Letters to the Editor Help foster youth receive the gift of friendship Maggie Stevens Trending Dog treats recalled due to Salmonella contamination Sydney goes silent on New Year's for Bondi Beach victims Australia rings in 2026 with fireworks over the iconic Sydney Harbor Featured Gallery Extra, Extra You Could Win! Find Local Holiday Lights Nominate Today! More in Contests 2026: America turns 250, Bad Bunny at Super Bowl, voters pick Congress South Bend police officer accused of domestic battery early Dec. 31 Indiana's next Trump loyalty test: Will the state stop taxing servers' tips? Jeff Rea: Housing remains a priority for all communities Connect with gardeners and trade seeds at Goshen College About Us Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.southbendtribune.com. All rights reserved.