Welcome to the Southbank Centre – an engine of creativity Skip to main content What’s on Visit us Menu Go to the Southbank Centre homepage Search Account Menu The UK's largest arts centre & the heart of London's cultural life. Site Navigation What’s on Browse by date Today Tomorrow This week Next week This weekend Choose dates Browse by type Accessible events Art & exhibitions Classical music Comedy Courses & workshops Family & young people Gigs Literature & poetry Online Performance & dance Talks & debates Tours & activities Our festivals & series Free events Accessible events Visit us Getting here Access Food & drink Group visits Our venues & spaces Royal Festival Hall Hayward Gallery Queen Elizabeth Hall National Poetry Library The Clore Ballroom Join & support Find out how helping us open up the arts to everyone can give you benefits too. Become a Member Make a donation Name a seat Supporters circles Patrons Corporate support Create, learn & take part Fuel your creativity through arts-led workshops, and opportunities to get involved. Schools Arts & wellbeing Talent & artist development Magazine Get closer to the arts and artists shaping our culture. Articles Videos Playlists Podcasts Shopping A vibrant range of inspiring books, homeware, prints, accessories and more. Shop online Exhibition catalogues Prints & posters Visit our shops About us Press enquiries Archives & collections Venue hire Work with us Contact us Your browser does not support the video tag. Pause Welcome to the heart of London’s cultural life An engine of creativity, we’re home to art and culture that brings people together What’s on Plan your visit On now & coming up More info for Gilbert & George: 21ST CENTURY PICTURES Art & exhibitions Gilbert & George: 21ST CENTURY PICTURES Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 11 Jan 2026 Discover works from the artists that centre the human experience and reflect their motto, ‘Art for All’ Hayward Gallery More info for Operation Ouch: Quest for the Jurassic Fart! Family & young people Operation Ouch: Quest for the Jurassic Fart! Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Fri 2 Jan 2026 Join TV’s favourite doctors on a dino-mite adventure to unearth the most important fart in history Royal Festival Hall More info for Top Hat Performance & dance Top Hat Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sat 17 Jan 2026 Sample the musical equivalent of the finest vintage champagne – the stage adaptation of a true classic Queen Elizabeth Hall More info for Sh!t Theatre: EVITA TOO Performance & dance Sh!t Theatre: EVITA TOO Wed 31 Dec 2025, 2.30pm Discover the wild story of the go-go-dancer-turned-president who led Argentina for 18 disastrous months Purcell Room More info for Bluey's Big Play Family & young people Bluey's Big Play Sat 3 Jan – Sun 11 Jan 2026 Bluey, Bingo, Bandit and Chilli return to our stage in a live show packed with music, laughter and fun Royal Festival Hall More info for Rug Rhymes: Winter Literature & poetry Rug Rhymes: Winter Fri 9 Jan – Fri 20 Mar 2026 Come and get snug as a bug in a rug with poems, nursery rhymes and rhyming stories National Poetry Library More info for Sean Shibe: Forgotten Dances – Lute & Guitars Classical music Sean Shibe: Forgotten Dances – Lute & Guitars Sat 10 Jan 2026, 8pm The guitarist guides us through three spaces to hear works for lute, acoustic and electric guitar Performers Sean Shibe lute, guitar, electric guitar Repertoire Renaissance Lute: MS Rowallen : Selection of Scottish lute manuscripts Classical Guitar: Bach : Prelude; Sarabande; Gigue from Suite No.6 in D, BWV.1012 Thomas Adès : Forgotten dances Electric Guitar: Daniel Rothman : What bodies know arr. for electric guitar (World premiere of new arrangement) Carola Bauckholt : divining rod for electric guitar (World premiere) Alex Paxton : Carpig arr. for electric guitar (World premiere of new arrangement) Toggle Performers & repertoire Close Purcell Room Multi-buy More info for Out-Spoken Masterclass: January Literature & poetry Out-Spoken Masterclass: January Sun 11 Jan 2026, 1pm Take your poetry to the next level in a three-hour weekend workshop guided by an acclaimed poet Royal Festival Hall More info for REPLAY: A Limitless Recycled Playground Family & young people REPLAY: A Limitless Recycled Playground Wed 14 Jan – Sun 12 Apr 2026 Explore a world of play and invention in a recycled playground for children and their grown-ups Royal Festival Hall More info for REPLAY: Relaxed Family & young people REPLAY: Relaxed Thu 15 Jan – Sun 12 Apr 2026 Enjoy our world of play and invention for families in a gentler, less busy session Royal Festival Hall More info for Val Lee: The Presence of Solitude Art & exhibitions Val Lee: The Presence of Solitude Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 11 Jan 2026 Take in a multidisciplinary exhibition from the Taiwanese artist, exploring isolation, intimacy and hope Hayward Gallery Tickets Free More info for Winter Light Art & exhibitions Winter Light Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 18 Jan 2026 Over the winter nights, explore our site to find outdoor artworks that play with light and colour Riverside Terrace Tickets Free More info for Iris Colomb: Try! Try! Try! Again! Literature & poetry Iris Colomb: Try! Try! Try! Again! Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 4 Jan 2026 Dive into daring poetic experiments in this exhibition merging poetry with other art forms National Poetry Library Tickets Free More info for New Year’s Day Ceilidh Courses & workshops New Year’s Day Ceilidh Thu 1 Jan 2026, 1pm London’s most radical ceilidh band kicks the new year off with dancing for everyone The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Members’ Private View: Gilbert & George Art & exhibitions Members’ Private View: Gilbert & George Thu 8 Jan 2026, 6pm Discover the artists’ pictures from the past 25 years, away from the crowds in this Members-only event Hayward Gallery Tickets Free Our 75th anniversary Throughout 2026, we’re celebrating 75 years of the Southbank Centre with a vibrant, inclusive programme that looks to the future. View programme here Festivals & series View all festivals & series More info for Winter Winter Our annual Winter season sprinkles festive magic across the Southbank Centre More info for Performance & Dance Performance & Dance Autumn/Winter 2025/26 Our curated programme puts the spotlight on innovative new work from around the world More info for Imagine Imagine Wed 11 – Sat 21 Feb 2026 Join us for a fun-filled February half-term More info for Southbank Centre x Montreux Jazz Festival Residency Southbank Centre x Montreux Jazz Festival Residency Fri 13 – Sun 15 Mar 2026 Explore the influence, impact and sound of jazz today through artists reshaping the genre More info for Multitudes Multitudes Thu 16 Apr – Fri 1 May 2026 A multi-arts festival powered by orchestral music More info for Goalhanger: The Rest Is Fest Goalhanger: The Rest Is Fest Fri 4 – Sun 6 Sep 2026 Indulge in your favourite podcasts live as we welcome Goalhanger’s impressive starting line-up More info for Classical Music Classical Music Spring/Summer 2026 This is classical music in the 21st century More info for Performance & Dance Performance & Dance Spring/Summer 2026 Spotlighting cutting-edge new work from around the world More info for futuretense futuretense Find your next musical obsession with our twice monthly free gigs More info for Open Doors Open Doors Our regular free events are open to all, and bursting with creativity Recently announced More info for State of the Nation: An Evening with Akala Literature & poetry State of the Nation: An Evening with Akala Tue 7 Apr 2026, 7.30pm Expect unflinching truth, history and hope from one of Britain’s most formidable voices Royal Festival Hall More info for Members’ Private View: Chiharu Shiota & Yin Xiuzhen Art & exhibitions Members’ Private View: Chiharu Shiota & Yin Xiuzhen Thu 19 Feb & Thu 30 Apr 2026 Admire our spring Hayward Gallery exhibitions away from the crowds in this Members-only evening view Hayward Gallery Tickets Free More info for Classical Mixtape: A Live Takeover Classical music Classical Mixtape: A Live Takeover Thu 5 Feb 2026, 7pm Explore our site to find 200 musicians on multiple stages, performing classical music’s greatest hits Performers Aurora Orchestra Chineke! Orchestra London Philharmonic Orchestra Edward Gardner conductor London Sinfonietta Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment Philharmonia Orchestra Marin Alsop conductor Toggle Performers & repertoire Close Royal Festival Hall More info for Memory of Materials: Chiharu Shiota & Yin Xiuzhen Art & exhibitions Memory of Materials: Chiharu Shiota & Yin Xiuzhen Wed 18 Mar 2026, 7pm A panel conversation between curators, writers and scholars delves deeper into our exhibitions Purcell Room More info for You Are Here Performance & dance You Are Here May Bank Holiday Weekend 2026 Travel through time at a takeover of the Southbank Centre, tracing 75 years of British youth culture Site wide More info for Amélie in Concert Gigs Amélie in Concert Thu 25 Jun 2026, 7.30pm The cult film returns to the screen in a cine-concert version, with 40 musicians live on stage Royal Festival Hall More info for The Koala Who Could Family & young people The Koala Who Could Wed 1 Apr – Sun 5 Apr 2026 Join Kevin and friends on an outback adventure about taking a chance Queen Elizabeth Hall More info for British Sign Language Tours: Chiharu Shiota & Yin Xiuzhen Tours & activities British Sign Language Tours: Chiharu Shiota & Yin Xiuzhen Sat 7 Mar & Sat 18 Apr 2026 A BSL tour guides you through the themes and inspirations of our two Hayward Gallery exhibitions Hayward Gallery More info for Philharmonia Chamber Players: Relaxed Performance Classical music Philharmonia Chamber Players: Relaxed Performance Thu 19 Feb 2026, 6pm Enjoy a free concert designed for anyone who would feel comfortable in a more relaxed space Performers Philharmonia Chamber Players Repertoire Strauss : Prelude for string sextet from Capriccio Bruckner : Os justi Mendelssohn : String Symphony No.7 in D minor Toggle Performers & repertoire Close Royal Festival Hall Multi-buy More info for Sleepless in Seattle in Concert Gigs Sleepless in Seattle in Concert Sat 14 Feb 2026, 7.30pm Spend Valentine’s evening with a perfect romcom and a full band performing the soundtrack live Royal Festival Hall Free events View all free events More info for Val Lee: The Presence of Solitude Art & exhibitions Val Lee: The Presence of Solitude Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 11 Jan 2026 Take in a multidisciplinary exhibition from the Taiwanese artist, exploring isolation, intimacy and hope Hayward Gallery Tickets Free More info for Winter Light Art & exhibitions Winter Light Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 18 Jan 2026 Over the winter nights, explore our site to find outdoor artworks that play with light and colour Riverside Terrace Tickets Free More info for Iris Colomb: Try! Try! Try! Again! Literature & poetry Iris Colomb: Try! Try! Try! Again! Wed 31 Dec 2025 – Sun 4 Jan 2026 Dive into daring poetic experiments in this exhibition merging poetry with other art forms National Poetry Library Tickets Free More info for New Year’s Day Ceilidh Courses & workshops New Year’s Day Ceilidh Thu 1 Jan 2026, 1pm London’s most radical ceilidh band kicks the new year off with dancing for everyone The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Members’ Private View: Gilbert & George Art & exhibitions Members’ Private View: Gilbert & George Thu 8 Jan 2026, 6pm Discover the artists’ pictures from the past 25 years, away from the crowds in this Members-only event Hayward Gallery Tickets Free More info for futuretense: Eye Level + MRWIZE Gigs futuretense: Eye Level + MRWIZE Thu 15 Jan 2026, 6pm Surround yourself with the boundary-pushing electronic sounds of up-and-coming artists Queen Elizabeth Hall Tickets Free More info for Harmony with the Volcanic World Talks & debates Harmony with the Volcanic World Sat 17 Jan 2026, 5pm Broadcaster Kate Humble explores Earth as a living, breathing force, constantly renewing itself Performers Kate Humble Toggle Performers & repertoire Close Royal Festival Hall Tickets Free More info for Creative Encounters: Sketch Social Courses & workshops Creative Encounters: Sketch Social Wed 21 Jan 2026, 6pm Come in from the cold for an evening of sketching, contemplation and connection The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Relaxed Sessions: The Art of Doodling Family & young people Relaxed Sessions: The Art of Doodling Sat 24 Jan 2026, 11am Discover the amazing world of doodles as we get creative with scribbles The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Saturday Sessions: The Art of Doodling Family & young people Saturday Sessions: The Art of Doodling Sat 24 Jan 2026, 1.30pm Dive into the art of doodling with artist Erdem Kuslu, as we discover that anything can be a canvas The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Ballroom Boogie x Toasty Tots XL Family & young people Ballroom Boogie x Toasty Tots XL Sat 24 Jan & Sat 7 Mar 2026 Come on down for a DJ-led dance party for all the family, hosted by BORN N BREAD The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for WordPlay: Ages 0 – 2 Family & young people WordPlay: Ages 0 – 2 Fri 30 Jan – Fri 27 Mar 2026 Enjoy songs and live music for ages 0 – 2 and their grown-ups, within a playful, squishy space The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for WordPlay: Ages 3 – 5 Family & young people WordPlay: Ages 3 – 5 Fri 30 Jan – Fri 27 Mar 2026 Enjoy songs and live music for ages 3 – 5 and their grown-ups, within a playful, squishy space The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Mix & Move: Ballroom and Latin Blend Courses & workshops Mix & Move: Ballroom and Latin Blend Fri 30 Jan – Fri 20 Mar 2026 Beat the wintery blues with a warm and welcoming introduction to ballroom and Latin dancing The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Philharmonia Debates... Music & Exile Talks & debates Philharmonia Debates... Music & Exile Sun 1 Feb 2026, 5.45pm What role does music play in preserving cultural identity for exiled or migrant communities? The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free More info for Creative Encounters: Your Stories in Colour Courses & workshops Creative Encounters: Your Stories in Colour Wed 4 Feb 2026, 6pm Join Portland N’ Pals for a painting workshop bursting with connection, conversation and creativity The Clore Ballroom Tickets Free While you’re with us Make the most of your visit and explore all our venues and spaces have to offer. Winter Market Winter Market Sample indulgent drinks and scrumptious street food Wunder Bar Wunder Bar Brat summer is over, bring on bratwurst winter Shopping Shopping A vibrant range of inspiring books, homeware, prints, accessories and more. Klaus Weber: Thinking Fountains Thinking Fountains Water cascades and spouts over Klaus Weber’s bronze figures. Modified Social Benches Modified Social Benches Benches that challenge the space and distance we place between one another. William Pye's Zemran William Pye's Zemran Pye’s beautiful stainless steel sculpture sits overlooking the Thames. Natura Nostra Forest Natura Nostra Forest Our growing pocket forest creating a natural oasis. Magazine Get closer to the arts and artists shaping our culture. Discover more stories How I create… with writer Ella McLeod Article How I create… with writer Ella McLeod The YA author on exploring every idea, loving what she does and finding creative inspiration when she least intends to. My mixtape: Alexandra Dariescu's 10 pieces by female composers you need to hear Playlist My mixtape: Alexandra Dariescu's 10 pieces by female composers you need to hear The celebrated pianist presents a playlist of works by ten female composers you ought to know. 26 for 2026: things to see at the Southbank Centre in the new year Article 26 for 2026: things to see at the Southbank Centre in the new year Get your diary marked nice and early, with these cultural highlights for 2026. Conor Mitchell: ‘I tried to assimilate for years, but sex is a big part of life’ Article Conor Mitchell: ‘I tried to assimilate for years, but sex is a big part of life’ The composer and theatre-maker discusses agitprop, injustices and the inherent campness of the Catholic Church in an in-depth interview. Marina Abramović: what is performance art? Video Marina Abramović: what is performance art? Marina Abramović reflects on her more than five decades working in performance art, considering its evolution and its impact. Who is composer Szymon Laks? Article Who is composer Szymon Laks? Introducing the Polish composer who found himself leading the one orchestra that no musician ever wanted to find themselves available for. Kathy Sledge on disco, discovery and being true to yourself Video Kathy Sledge on disco, discovery and being true to yourself Watch singer Kathy Sledge as she looks back at her life in music and reflects on the power of disco to break down divisions. ‘You have to be creative in prison’: Life After Prison podcast joins Inua Ellams for Koestler Arts Video ‘You have to be creative in prison’: Life After Prison podcast joins Inua Ellams for Koestler Arts Join Life After Prison podcast hosts Zak and Jules and poet and curator Inua Ellams for a video tour of the 2025 Koestler Arts exhibition. More to explore Create & learn Create, learn & take part Fuel your creativity and be inspired by connecting to the arts with us. Become a Member Our Members get more Get a host of great benefits and help us to keep doing what we do. About us Our story From our roots in the Festival of Britain to the impact we’re making today. Footer Stay in touch Sign up for updates about events, news and special offers. First name Last name Email address Sign up today We'll take good care of your data in line with our privacy policy . Footer Navigation Our venues & spaces Royal Festival Hall Hayward Gallery Queen Elizabeth Hall National Poetry Library The Clore Ballroom View all What’s on Visit us Join & support Create, learn & take part About us Magazine News & press Venue hire Contact us Access Shopping Our policies Follow us on social media TikTok Instagram YouTube Facebook WhatsApp Chat with us Go to the Southbank Centre homepage © Southbank Centre. Southbank Centre is a charity registered in England and Wales No.298909 Site by substrakt Cookie Settings Supported by