Home - Southcoast Health Skip To Content Privacy Page Significant rise in influenza-like illness (ILI) activity – patients, guests and visitors are strongly encouraged to wear a mask when visiting any of our locations… Due to the significant rise in influenza-like illness (ILI) activity across our region, patients, guests and visitors are strongly encouraged to wear a mask when visiting any of our locations. Masks are available at reception. Learn More. 844-744-5544 Careers Giving Provider Referrals Urgent Care English English Spanish Portuguese MyChart Login Sign Up Learn More Patients and Visitors When you come to Southcoast Health, you will receive the best care, plus something more Find a Provider I Want to Find a Provider Find a Location Find a Specialty Book an Appointment Pay a Bill Access MyChart Thank an Employee Make a Donation Patient Information Patient Resources Caregiver Resources Language and Interpreter Services Patient Bill of Rights Requesting Medical Records Health Equity Billing and Financials Billing Resources Insurance Information Pay a Bill Surprise Billing Rights Visitors Visitor Resources Gift Shops Treatment and Specialties Find a Treatment Search All from A-Z I Want to Find a Provider Find a Treatment Find a Speciality Featured Specialties Heart & Vascular Cancer Care Orthopedics Brain & Spine Featured Types of Care Emergency Care Home Care Primary Care Urgent Care Locations 55+ locations throughout Southeastern MA and RI Find a Location Near You Find a Location Emergency Department Urgent Care Hospital Laboratory View All About Compassionate care, when you need it Explore Community Health and Wellness About Us About Southcoast Health Awards and Achievements Newsroom For Employees Belonging Contact Us Get Involved Volunteer Southcoast Health Ambassadors Patient and Family Advisory Council (PFAC) Make a Donation Community Community Population Health Health Equity Events & Support Groups Healthy Aging Podcast English English Spanish Portuguese Patients and Visitors I Want to Find a Provider Find a Location Find a Specialty Book an Appointment Pay a Bill Access MyChart Thank an Employee Make a Donation Patient Information Patient Resources Caregiver Resources Language and Interpreter Services Patient Bill of Rights Requesting Medical Records Health Equity Billing and Financials Billing Resources Insurance Information Pay a Bill Surprise Billing Rights Visitors Visitor Resources Gift Shops Treatment and Specialties I Want to Find a Provider Find a Treatment Find a Speciality Featured Specialties Heart & Vascular Cancer Care Orthopedics Brain & Spine Featured Types of Care Emergency Care Home Care Primary Care Urgent Care Locations Find a Location Emergency Department Urgent Care Hospital Laboratory View All About About Us About Southcoast Health Awards and Achievements Newsroom For Employees Belonging Contact Us Get Involved Volunteer Southcoast Health Ambassadors Patient and Family Advisory Council (PFAC) Make a Donation Community Community Population Health Health Equity Events & Support Groups Healthy Aging Podcast Careers Giving Provider Referrals Urgent Care Search Dialog Find a Provider Find a Location Near You Find a Treatment Employee Login Urgent Care Locations Patient Information Advanced medicine. More care. Advanced medicine. More care. At Southcoast Health, we are committed to delivering clinical excellence with the attention and personalized care you deserve. Book an Appointment Pay a Bill I want to find a: Doctor Location By Specialty, Condition or Provider Name Search Select a Service Allergies Animal Bites Asthma & Bronchitis Behavioral Health Botox® and Cosmetic Injections Breast Care Broken Bones Burns Cancer Care Cardiac Ablation Cardiac Surgery Cardiology Cardiopulmonary Rehab Children’s Health (Pediatrics) Chiropractic Cold vs  Flu Colorectal Cancer Contusions/Bruising Cosmetics Cuts Dermatology Diabetes Management Emergency Services Endocrinology Eye Infection & Injury Gallbladder Removal Gastroenterology Hand & Wrist Care Heart & Vascular (Cardiovascular) Infectious Disease Prevention Inpatient Rehabilitation Insect Bites and Stings Laboratory Services Maternity Services Menopause Nausea, Vomiting and Diarrhea Nephrology Neurology Neurosurgery Nutrition Services Obstetrics and Gynecology (OB/GYN) Occupational Health Ophthalmology Orthopedics Osteoporosis Otolaryngology Pain Management Palliative Care Pharmacy Physicals Plastic Surgery Podiatry Primary Care Pulmonology Rehabilitation Rheumatology Skin Conditions Sleep Health Southcoast Health Trauma Center Specialty Pharmacy Sprains, Strains and Breaks Structural Heart/Valve Clinic Surgical Services Thoracic Surgery Thyroid Disease Urgent Care Urinary Tract Infections Urology Vascular and Endovascular Surgery Weight Loss Women’s Health Wound Care Search Stay Ahead of Your Health Where to Go for Care This Flu Season Know Where to Go Visit a Southcoast Health Vaccine Clinic Vaccination Clinics Early Detection is Key Cancer Screenings Areas of Care Complex conditions require world-class care and advanced technologies. Trust our teams of expert surgeons and specialists to deliver the highest quality of personalized care, tailored to your specific needs. All Areas of Care Brain & Spine Cancer Care Heart & Vascular Orthopedics Primary Care Southcoast Health at Home Find a Location Whether it’s a sudden illness, an unexpected injury, or a new stage of life, we’re here to support you through your life’s stages. Find a Southcoast Health location near you and experience our patient-centered care, close to home. Find a Location Near Me Emergency Rooms Critical care for life-threatening injuries, illnesses and medical emergencies Emergency Services General Care Routine checkups, preventative screenings and treatment for everyday health concerns General Care Services Hospitals Comprehensive and advanced healthcare services, from preventative care to specialized treatments View Hospitals Urgent Care Quick medical attention for non-life-threatening illnesses and injuries Urgent Care Services Setting the Standard for Advanced Medicine in Healthcare Our goal is to provide clinical excellence and a uniquely caring experience to every life we touch, every time they seek medical care. With nationally recognized top providers, award-winning surgeons and cutting-edge programs, you’ll find the exceptional care you need at Southcoast Health. About Southcoast Health View All Awards U.S News & World Report Maternity Care Access Hospital Forbes America’s Best-In-State Employers 2025 Newsweek World’s Best Hospitals 7 Consecutive Years U.S News & World Report – Best Regional Hospitals – Providence Metro Region U.S News & World Report – Best Regional Hospital for Community Access Newsweek 2025 – America’s Leading Doctors Newsweek World’s Best Hospitals – Infection Prevention Hear From Our Patients Our patient stories and experiences are the true testament to why we are the trusted healthcare choice in the community for compassionate and expert care. All Patient Stories Dr. Langworthy is a straightforward guy… Everything was thoroughly explained, and he gives you confidence. The whole staff was very good, and everything went very well. But it was uncomfortable at first… I’m very happy to be right where I am. They told me it would change my life, and it has. — Paul Deshaies, Orthopedics Patient Read More I am happy and healthy now and want to share that bright bubbly feeling by bringing smiles and joy to people in the hospital. — Sarah Cotter, Weight Loss Patient Read More Dr. Pin’s kindness, compassion and empathy for my situation was remarkable. He guided me every step of the way, seeing the fear in my eyes as I prayed, I would survive the surgery. He constantly reassured me I was in good hands.  And he was right. Words cannot express the gratitude I feel toward him and his team. — Lisa Feitelberg-Costa, Stroke Patient Read More Southcoast Health Happenings Southcoast Health Newsroom Events Calendar Featured News Events and Seminars Awards and Achievements Dec 18, 2025 20 Years of Heart: Celebrating Two Decades of Excellence in Electrophysiology Twenty years ago, a small team with a bold idea began a journey that would transform heart care for patients in the South Coast region. The Electrophysiology (EP) Program started […] Continue Reading 20 Years of Heart: Celebrating Two Decades of Excellence in Electrophysiology Our People Dec 17, 2025 Southcoast Health Welcomes Tasnim F. Imran, MD, MPH, FACC as the New Medical Director of Cardiac MRI Southcoast Health is pleased to announce that the not-for-profit community health system has named Tasnim... Southcoast Health Welcomes Tasnim F. Imran, MD, MPH, FACC as the New Medical Director of Cardiac MRI Expert Insights Dec 16, 2025 Doctor’s Note – December 2025 Help Protect Your Health this Holiday Season As we settle into another New England winter,... Doctor’s Note – December 2025 Support Groups This event is from 9:30 AM to 11:00 AM on Jan 1, 2026. Widow and Widower Grief Support Group In-Person Support Group Every 1st Thursday of the Month Grieving is an important emotional process for all those who suffer a loss. Although grief is normal, it can be a […] Continue Reading Continue Reading Support Groups Jan 2, 2026 10:30 AM Baby Café Breastfeeding Support Group - New Bedford Southcoast Health is proud to host Baby Café, a friendly and comfortable drop-in session for... Baby Café Breastfeeding Support Group - New Bedford Support Groups Jan 6, 2026 10:30 AM Baby Café Breastfeeding Support Group - Dartmouth Southcoast Health is proud to host Baby Café, a friendly and comfortable drop-in session for... Baby Café Breastfeeding Support Group - Dartmouth Stay Connected with MyChart Schedule an Appointment Quickly and conveniently request an appointment with your provider Pay a Bill Make convenient and secure online medical bill payments and setup payment plans Create a Payment Plan Access your medical records and track your health data anytime, anywhere Login Signup Find a Location Near You Search Join Our Newsletter Southcoast Health is a not-for-profit, charitable, community-based health system with multiple access points, offering an integrated continuum of health services throughout southeastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island. About Us About Southcoast Health Awards and Achievements Belonging Careers Community Events Media Inquiries Newsroom Areas of Care Heart & Vascular Cancer Care Orthopedics Brain & Spine Southcoast Health at Home All Areas of Care I Want to Browse Treatment and Specialties Find a Provider Find a Location Make an Impact Update Cookie Preferences FIND A PROVIDER EXPLORE CAREERS CONTACT SOUTHCOAST HEALTH Website Privacy Policy Notice of Privacy Practices Price Transparency Southcoast Health Notice of Non-Discrimination Community Needs Assessment This site is maintained by the office of Marketing & Communications. Copyright © 2025 Southcoast Health System, Inc. All rights reserved.