The Publisher Technology Platform | Sovrn Introducing Sovrn for Creators: Start earning from day one. Learn more Back Publishers Advertising Ad Exchange Omnichannel demand pipeline Signal Optimize ad inventory Affiliate Commerce Affiliate workflow software Data Data Monetization Powerful, secure data revenue Data Solutions Engagement-driven data Advertisers Advertising Buyers & DSPs Smarter buying starts here Commerce Brands & Agencies Right placement, proven performance Data Data Solutions Engagement-driven data Resources Learn Resources Blog Sovrn for Creators Merchant Explorer Company About Sovrn.ai Careers Press Support Contact Knowledge Base Status Legal Legal Trust Center Privacy Policy Security Your Privacy Choices Ad Choices Sign In Ad Exchange Omnichannel demand pipeline Commerce Affiliate workflow software Sign Up Commerce-powered results results for From click to cart, Sovrn makes commerce media work. REVENUE UPLIFT ATTENTION MEASUREMENT DATA + INSIGHTS COMMERCE MEDIA YIELD OPTIMIZATION PREMIUM SUPPLY PREMIUM DEMAND REAL-TIME REPORTING DIVERSIFIED REVENUE COMMERCE TOOLS AFFILIATE SOLUTIONS THE WORLD’S LEADING PUBLISHERS AND ADVERTISERS RELY ON SOVRN Publisher Solutions Maximize your advertising and commerce revenue with our diverse suite of tools. Sovrn Ad Exchange An omnichannel pipeline of top-tier advertising demand. See why the Sovrn Ad Exchange is  more than just an SSP → Sovrn Commerce Tools to efficiently optimize, operate, and scale your entire affiliate business. See how Sovrn Commerce can automate your affiliate operations and maximize your earnings today → Sovrn Signal Drive higher CPMs and better engagement for your most valuable impressions by targeting attention. Find out how Sovrn Signal can unlock the full potential of your ad inventory → Advertiser Solutions Get connected to high-converting audiences, boost engagement, and maximize the impact of your ad spend. Buyers & DSPs Maximize every impression with data-driven precision and performance across all channels. Identify and reach high-value shoppers at key moments in the buying journey. Learn more → Data Solutions Understand and activate first-party data, improve performance, optimize yield, and drive greater revenue. Turn insights into action, without relying on third-party cookies. Learn more → Brands & Agencies Get your brand in front of high-quality audiences at scale and reach shoppers who are ready to buy. Connect to Sovrn and instantly get access to thousands of trusted publishers, sites, and creators across the web. Learn more → Creator Solutions SOVRN FOR CREATORS Turn every link into a revenue stream. We give you the tools,  insights, and support to monetize smarter, not harder. 50 K+ Merchants CPA/CPC Programs 24 hrs Average approval time Learn more What our customers are saying… Ad Exchange “Sovrn’s account management and technical support is nothing less than exemplary. We are extremely grateful for our partnership with Sovrn, and regard them as a valuable member of our monetization stack.” – Asher Glinsman Head of Monetization, Boons Media Commerce “Sovrn has played a key role in fueling Babylist’s affiliate business growth. Sovrn’s extensive network of merchants seamlessly integrated into our platform, expanding the range of products we can offer our users. We’ve been consistently impressed by Sovrn’s customer service and the results of the program.” – Lee Anne Grant, Chief Growth Officer, babylist.com Signal “In a future cookie-less world, we knew our advertising strategy had to evolve beyond static pricing. With Signal’s dynamic pricing floor technology we can enrich every ad with data and broadcast the true value of our audiences, ensuring that every impression increases our programmatic yield across all channels.” – Nino Stylianou, Head of Programmatic Yield, Mumsnet Commerce “We’ve used Sovrn Commerce for over two years, and in that time, we have seen our EPC grow exponentially. We have had a great experience working with Sovrn and especially appreciate the individualized attention given to our account as our business has grown.” – Yossi Klein, Product Manager, Four Signal “We needed to capture the true value of our engaged audiences and broadcast that data to buyers in every ad price in order to consistently deliver against our revenue goals. Sovrn dynamic pricing beat all our expectations. With just one line of JS code, the technology helped us increase yields across all our programmatic channels in Prebid and with multiple SSP partners.” – Travis Hardman, CEO, Daily Voice About Sovrn $3B Annual gross merchandise value 1.5M+ Daily commerce clicks 500M Daily active users WHAT WE STAND FOR Sovrn is a technology platform helping publishers, creators, and brands thrive on the open internet. OUR COMMITMENT Sovrn connects advertisers with the right buyers through intent-driven data, while helping publishers and creators earn more. Together, we create a healthier open web where advertisers win and publishers and creators grow. About Sovrn → We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies, but may change your preferences by clicking “Cookie settings". For more information, please visit our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Statement . Cookie settings Reject Accept Manage cookie consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description __hssrc session This cookie is set by Hubspot whenever it changes the session cookie. The __hssrc cookie set to 1 indicates that the user has restarted the browser, and if the cookie does not exist, it is assumed to be a new session. cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category . cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". csrftoken 1 year This cookie is associated with Django web development platform for python. Used to help protect the website against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description __cf_bm 30 minutes This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. __hssc 30 minutes HubSpot sets this cookie to keep track of sessions and to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. _auth 1 year This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services. _pinterest_referrer past This cookie is set by Pinterest to track the use of its services. _pinterest_sess 1 year This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services. _routing_id session This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services. bcookie 2 years LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser ID. lang session This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website. language session This cookie is used to store the language preference of the user. lidc 1 day LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection. sp_landing 1 day The sp_landing is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. sp_t 1 year The sp_t cookie is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description __hstc 1 year 24 days This is the main cookie set by Hubspot, for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session). _ga 2 years The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors. _gat_gtag_UA_52355958_2 1 minute This cookie is set by Google and is used to distinguish users. _gcl_au 3 months Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services. _gid 1 day Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. vuid 2 years Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos to the website. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description _mkto_datetime 1 month This cookie is set by Marketo. bscookie 2 years This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags. test_cookie 15 minutes The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies. Other other Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept © Sovrn, Inc. All rights reserved.