Real-time IP, domain, and threat intelligence data | Spamhaus Technology Blocked? See Live Threats Community Customer Portal Login Solutions Data Email & Network Cyber Threat Intelligence Resources About Real-time IP, domain, and threat intelligence data Phishing Spam Phishing Malware Botnet Malware Data Protection Data This is where experts come for Internet reputation data. We provide fiercely reliable protection data, cyber threat intelligence, and contextual signals so you can defend and hunt. Produced by highly skilled cybersecurity professionals, you will reduce risk and increase online resilience with this global data force. Email and Network Protection Safeguard users and network infrastructure with the gold standard in reputation data. Apply across your tech stack for the best protection. Cyber Threat Intelligence Globally diverse, rich community intelligence with enterprise-grade reliability and scale. Access data to enrich, hunt and track with increased confidence. The Spamhaus-abuse.ch Alliance Born of a mission-driven partnership and trusted by billions of users globally, including law enforcement, analysts, defenders, and solution providers alike. The Spamhaus-abuse.ch Alliance delivers objective, real-time IP, domain, and threat intelligence that is uniquely diverse and uncompromised by commercial bias. Built on a commitment to making the internet safer, we operate with a clear purpose: empowering security professionals with the highest quality data to protect, enrich, and increase resilience against threats. Number of active bots in the last 24 hours 0 See live threats 0 Number of active bots in the last 24 hours View Live Threats Solutions What we do Email & Network Cyber Threat Intelligence Email & Network Email & Network Cyber Threat Intelligence Email Solutions Email Protection Block more than 99% of spam and other email-related threats, including phishing, Business Email Compromise (BEC), emails containing malware, and more. Learn More about Email Protection Email Compliance Minimize risk, protect users, and maintain a clean, compliant email-sending environment with trusted data and expert insights from Spamhaus. Learn More about Email Compliance Network Solutions DNS Protection Automatically block malicious activity at the DNS level, utilizing Response Policy Zones (RPZs) to safeguard your network and users against a variety of online threats. Learn More about DNS Protection Edge Protection Immediate protection at your network edge. Block potentially harmful connections from and to known malicious IPs, including cybercrime hosters, hijacked networks, and botnet C2s. Learn More about Edge Protection Cyber Threat Intelligence Solutions Threat Intelligence Enrichment Increase detection rates and enrich alerting context with malware signals that will help you uncover and address attack behaviour faster. Learn More about Threat Intelligence Enrichment Threat Hunting Improve detection fidelity with data solely concentrated on malware-focused intrusions to drive hunting hypotheses, understand trends and correlations, and prioritize investigation paths. Learn More about Threat Hunting We’ve worked side by side with Spamhaus
    over the years to detect, identify, and remediate suspicious activities...
    the two companies will be working even more closely together on our shared
    goal of an Internet that is safe and productive for all users. Paul Vixie VP & Deputy CISO, Amazon Web Services Datasets D D a a t t a a t t o o p p r r o o t t e e c c t t , , h h u u n n t t a a n n d d i i n n c c r r e e a a s s e e r r e e s s i i l l i i e e n n c c e e We do things differently. Our sole focus is producing the most robust and reliable intelligence data. No flashy tools or complex products. For us, it’s all about impactful, actionable data without distractions. This gives you the control and flexibility on how to utilize our data to address your unique needs. Everyday, 7.5 million IPs are analyzed, 3 million domains processed, and thousands of active botnet command and controller IPs are detected. Our data will increase cyber resilience across your tech stack. Real-time data, provided in a variety of formats, over numerous delivery mechanisms, covering IPs, domains, URLs, files, crypto, ASNs and more. We’ve got you covered with objective data that will make a difference, however you choose to implement. Malware Intelligence Access millions of data points from across the attack chain. From the initial attack vector of email-related access tactics, to tracked malware intelligence, including IOCs like URLs, files, botnet communication end points, and more - block, or uncover and correlate more, with confidence. Learn More about Malware Intelligence Phishing With one of the largest databases of SMTP connections, Spamhaus has a unique perspective on phishing. With hundreds of thousands of Internet resources linked to this increasingly sophisticated attack vector, gain a diverse data source to tailor to your security needs. Learn More about Phishing Spam Utilize our detections which cover millions of Internet resources associated with spam. Our coverage is based on access to data that no other provider has, built on a methodology initiated and refined over 25 years ago to prevent unsolicited, deceptive, or malicious emails. This means more accurate detections, less false positives, and a material reduction in risk. Learn More about Spam Insights & Classification With millions of classified domains, IPs, malware URLs, and other IOCs, no matter your cybersecurity discipline, this data can help you build a more comprehensive and definitive perspective. Generate an objective understanding to act with conviction. Learn More about Insights & Classification Historical Data Data covering up to 12 months of history, from individual IPs to expansive Passive DNS data - aid infrastructure mapping, retrospective hunting, threat intelligence enrichment, contextual analysis, trend and pattern recognition, and beyond. Learn More about Historical Data Latest News See all resources Case Study WebAfrica secures platforms using Spamhaus real-time DNS Blocklists 3
                min read |  December 08, 2025 Read insight about WebAfrica secures platforms using Spamhaus real-time DNS Blocklists News Article We're hiring! Abuse Prevention and Remediation Specialist December 01, 2025 Read insight about We're hiring! Abuse Prevention and Remediation Specialist Report Domain Reputation Update April - September 2025 October 21, 2025 Read insight about Domain Reputation Update April - September 2025 Trusted by many of the biggest brands in the world Need Help? Get in touch Reason for contacting * Delisting request from spamhaus.org Interested in becoming a partner Interested in working at Spamhaus Wanting to share data Interested in purchasing a product Technical support request Renewal quote I have a question about abuse.ch platforms Other First Name * Last Name * Email Address * Phone Number 0 Message * Spamhaus is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We’ll only use your personal information to respond to your enquiry, manage any accounts you may set-up, and to provide the products and services you request from us. From time to time, we would like to contact you about our products and services, as well as other security related content that may be of interest to you. If you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please tick the box below. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy . By clicking submit below, you consent to allow Spamhaus to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you the content requested. I agree to receive other communications from Spamhaus. Submit Solutions Email & Network Email Protection Email Compliance DNS Protection Edge Protection Cyber Threat Intelligence Threat Intelligence Enrichment Threat Hunting All Solutions Data Malware Intelligence Phishing Spam Insight & Classification Historical Context All Data Email & Network About Email & Network Email Protection Email Compliance DNS Protection Edge Protection Cyber Threat Intelligence About Cyber Threat Intelligence Threat Intelligence Enrichment Threat Hunting Resources Resource Center Events Community Malware Digest Botnet Threat Map Compromised IP Statistics FAQs Status Page About Us About Spamhaus Spamhaus-abuse.ch Alliance X LinkedIn YouTube Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Uicons by Flaticon