Spark TV Connect with friends! How is Spark TV different from all social networks? The answer is simple. ✅ - You can boost your posts for FREE. Create your Spark TV account, and then click the "Boost Your Posts Here!" link at the top of every page, and follow the directions from there. ✅ - You can make money by liking, sharing, commenting, and creating content. ✅ - Users can earn 15% of all money spent from other users that they refer. ✅ - Content creators can earn income without followers or watch time. ✅ - Ads managers can earn 15% of all accounts that they set up for the life of each account, even if they don't manage the account anymore. ✅ - If you are looking for a location to advertise, you can boost all your posts for a low monthly fee. Start your Spark TV account now! Welcome back! Create your Spark TV Account! Username Password Remember this device Forgot Password? Login Don't have an account? Register © 2026 Spark TV  • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy • Contact Us • About • Directory • Blog • Forum • Market • Famous • Spark TV Academy • SparkTVRadio • Language © 2026 Spark TV Home About Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Blog Developers More Famous Spark TV Academy SparkTVRadio Language Comment reported successfully. Post was successfully added to your timeline! You have reached your limit of 50000 friends! File size error: The file exceeds allowed the limit (488 MB) and can not be uploaded. Your video is being processed, We’ll let you know when it's ready to view. Unable to upload a file: This file type is not supported. We have detected some adult content on the image you uploaded, therefore we have declined your upload process. Share post on a group Share Share to a page Share Share to user Share Load more Load more Your post was submitted, we will review your content soon. To upload images, videos, and audio files, you have to upgrade to pro member. Upgrade To Pro Edit Offer 0% Publish Add tier Tier title Tier price Benefits Chat Chat without audio and video call Chat with audio call and without video call Chat without audio call and with video call Chat with audio and video call Live Stream Tier description Tier image: Select an image Add Delete your tier Are you sure you want to delete this tier? Cancel Delete Reviews Load more In order to sell your content and posts, start by creating a few packages. Monetization Pay By Wallet Pay Now Delete your address Are you sure you want to delete this address? Delete Remove your monetization package Are you sure you want to delete this package? Delete Unsubscribe Are you sure you want to unsubscribe from this user? Keep in mind that you won't be able to view any of their monetized content. Unsubscribe Remove your monetization package Are you sure you want to delete this package? Delete Payment Alert You are about to purchase the items, do you want to proceed? Cancel Pay Now Request a Refund Please explain the reason Cancel Request Language Arabic Bengali Chinese Croatian Danish Dutch English Filipino French German Hebrew Hindi Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Urdu Vietnamese