SparkLoop | The Best Way To Grow & Monetize Your Newsletter Features Referral Rewards Incentivise your subscribers Referral Giveaways Boost subscriber growth Email Referral Section Easy in-email referral tools 2-Click ESP Integration Easy, 2-click integration Dedicated Anti-Fraud Best-in-class protection All Features → Tour all SparkLoop features Resources Support Hub A short, few words description of no more than this length Case Studies A short, few words description of no more than this length Newsletter Stories A short, few words description of no more than this length Monetization Playbooks A short, few words description of no more than this length Growth Playbooks A short, few words description of no more than this length Expert Directory A short, few words description of no more than this length Discover All Resources → Publisher Stories Pricing Login Start For Free Start For Free The #1 newsletter recommendations platform Partner up with the world's best newsletters for free and paid recommendations. Unlock game-changing newsletter revenue and quality audience growth. Join the World's Best Newsletters → Talk to an Expert paid recommendations Recommend amazing newsletters. Unlock $millions. Get paid to help your audience discover other awesome newsletters. With personalized recommendations in your emails or use our post-opt-in widget on your website. Start Earning Free Learn More $millions Paid out to newsletter operators every month Thousands Of the world’s best newsletters not available to recommend anywhere else 2-5x Higher payouts than other paid recommendations platforms We use SparkLoop to offset the cost of running meta ads. And we’re actually making more money from paid recs than we're spending on ads, so we’re essentially growing for free! Tyler Parker THE OFFICE PARTY NEWSLETTER Read Case Study partner programs Get recommended by the world's best newsletters. Pay only for quality, engaged subscribers . Define your ideal subscriber. Get recommended by relevant, high-quality newsletters. Only pay for quality subscribers who fall in love with your newsletter. Talk to an Expert Learn More Why thousands of top media brands grow with SparkLoop: Unbeatable Subscriber Quality You only pay for subscribers who meet your own custom engagement and quality criteria. Zero Risk! Ready to Scale Add up to 100k engaged, US-based subscribers per month. Or thousands of decision-makers in your niche Only Amazing Newsletters Every recommending newsletter in the SparkLoop network is manually vetted to ensure quality The real game-changer for our audience growth has been SparkLoop's paid recommendations network. We add thousands of highly-engaged subscribers every week. The quality is incredible ! Jason Woodruff THE POUROVER Read Case Study free recommendations Grow together with free recommendations Discover complementary newsletters your audience would love. Recommend each other for free. Grow 2-3x faster with zero work! Create Your Profile 2-3x faster growth when you team up with 3 other, similar newsletters 11% better engagement than organic subscriber acquisition Risk-free Recommending other newsletters does not affect your own subscriber engagement in any way Join the world’s best newsletters across 25+ email platforms 2-click, no-code integration. Start for free! Join Now referral programs Grow organically with a newsletter referral program Reward your audience for sharing with friends — and watch your newsletter grow 20-200% faster. It couldn't be easier... Integrate with your email platform in two-clicks Automatically fulfil digital and physical rewards Show a beautiful, in-email referral section Find out more Get started SparkLoop is the fastest way to get a newsletter referral program — like The Hustle and Morning Brew — up and running. I've tested different referral tools, but none is as easy to use or as cost effective as SparkLoop. Dan Oshinsky Inbox Collective Features Rewards Giveaways Referral Hub Analytics Integrations Compare Friendbuy Growsurf Viral Loops Resources Publisher Stories Support Hub Rewards Library Referral University Free Tools Magic Links Proof Reactions Company Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Service GDPR Get In Touch Become a Partner Company 🚨 We're Hiring! Copyright © 2024 SparkLoop LLC. All rights reserved. 