Sparx Learning Home Systems Our story The team Blog Work with us Contact us Why we exist To improve lives and the world through learning. What we do We create systems that support students, teachers, and school leadership to improve educational outcomes. Building maths confidence through personalised homework. Visit Sparx Maths Building confident readers through regular reading practice. Visit Sparx Reader Improving scientific knowledge through thoughtful practice. Visit Sparx Science Who we help Students 2.2m+ Students using our systems can develop strong learning habits, increase their confidence, make more progress and unlock their potential. Teachers 75k+ Teachers using our systems gain increased visibility, data insights and time savings, empowering them to spend more time on activities of greatest impact. Schools 2,600+ Schools using our systems are supported to build learning cultures that are ambitious, transparent and impactful. How we do it Every subject is different, so each Sparx system is carefully researched and designed to maximise impact in that discipline. However, everything we create shares the following underlying principles: 1 . High-impact pedagogy 2 . Ambitious but achievable goals 3 . World-class content design 4 . Support personalised to a school's context 5 . Behavioural insights 6 . Whole school approach 7 . Supports teacher workload 8 . Community 1 . High-impact pedagogy 1 . High-impact pedagogy Quality pedagogy enables powerful learning.  We thoroughly research, design and test all of our systems to ensure they enable high-quality and impactful learning. Using observations and feedback from teachers, we continually iterate and improve on all Sparx systems so that we stay at the forefront of education. Previous Next 2 . Ambitious but achievable goals High expectations can lead to higher outcomes.  We want all students to experience success and strive to be the best they can be so we always set a high and clear standard of 100% completion for all students, and we provide the necessary support that teachers and students need to achieve this. Previous Next 3 . World-class content design Exceptional content drives genuine learning.  Our team of subject-specific content designers use years of experience and billions of data points to create world class content that prompts deep thinking and provides a balance of challenge and support for all learners. Previous Next 4 . Support personalised to a school's context Success is a journey, not a destination. Teachers and school leaders are supported throughout their whole Sparx journey by our School Success Team (who are themselves ex-teachers and school leaders). Working with their dedicated coach, schools experience a smooth implementation and impactful continued usage of Sparx systems. We provide the highest quality service to all our schools, treating them with compassion and respect to support them towards their goals. Previous Next 5 . Behavioural insights Impactful actions that are clear and easy get done.  We embed carefully thought-through techniques into all Sparx systems to reduce hassle and encourage high-impact behaviours. These include: sensible time-saving defaults for teachers; simple, clear expectations and messaging; student rewards that promote habit-forming behaviour; parent communication that supports the learning process at home. Previous Next 6 . Whole school approach We don’t design tools to be deployed infrequently, for a small number of classes, or by a teacher in isolation. We design systems that enable efficient and effective whole-school impact. As part of this, we always establish a continuous and collaborative relationship with senior leaders in all schools we support. Previous Next 7 . Supports teacher workload Teachers’ time is precious! We carefully design our systems, to reduce unneeded teacher workload whilst critically ensuring that student learning is high-quality. Examples of things we automatically do for the teachers and schools we work with include: contacting the parents with homework status updates each week, personalising the practice to meet each student’s need, providing insightful whole-school reporting and trends. Previous Next 8 . Community Everyone can learn and improve with the help of a strong support network. We invest in establishing communities within and across our schools so teachers, school leaders and Multi-Academy Trust leaders can learn from and be inspired by each other. Previous Next © Copyright 2025 Sparx Ltd - All rights reserved Contact us: contact@sparx.co.uk Terms of Use Privacy Notice Support Companies Website Terms and Conditions Website Privacy Policy