Fusion Connect - Formerly Speakeasy, Business Phone, Network &amp; Cloud Solutions Provider Login Sales & Support: 888-301-1721 × Solutions Connectivity & Managed Network Access Managed Network Managed SD-WAN Dedicated Internet Access Broadband Internet Wireless Access Managed WiFi Unified Communications & Collaboration Platforms Hosted Voice (VoIP) Unified Communications (UCaaS) Microsoft Teams Calling Services Cisco Webex Calling Services SMS/MMS Business Texting SIP Trunks POTS Replacement Specialized Add-Ons Contact Center (CCaaS) Microsoft Licensing VoIP eFax Network Equipment Phone Accessories & Equipment POTS Line Replacement: It's Time Is Your Business on the Brink of a Communication Breakdown? See How to Replace About Us Who We Are Partner With Us Leadership Careers Awards Customer First Customer Reviews Contact Us Newsroom Press Releases Events News Articles Tech UNMUTED Podcast Blog Resources What’s New Product & Solution Sheets Case Studies White Papers Glossary Speed Test Plus Fusion Connect awarded prestigious GOLD medal for Customer Experience. See Awards Support Let’s Connect This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. Speakeasy Speed Test Is your current Internet access living up to its promise? Measure your circuit speed with our Speed Test. Check Your Speed Speakeasy is now part of the Fusion Connect family. Fusion Connect services keep your business connected. Microsoft Services As your professional Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider , we take your Microsoft services investment to the next level. Working with you, we assess your current business needs, evaluate existing Microsoft licenses, and identify areas where services can be optimized. Connect Fusion Connect broadband services include business-class services for Fiber, Ethernet, T1, Business DSL and Cable, and Wireless Broadband – all with optimal security and dependability. Communicate Our voice services , like VoIP and Unified Communications, help businesses save money, stay accessible, and collaborate for greater efficiency. Fusion Connect Technology Solutions for SMB and Enterprise Companies Business Internet Businesses of any size need reliable internet service, but understanding options and selecting the right technology may be confusing. Choosing the best business Internet solution begins with understanding how your employees will use it and how it will be managed. The number and intensity of applications used, the need to connect mobile or remote workers, the need for redundancy, network management, and planning for business growth are all factors. Fusion Connect experts can help you understand your broadband requirements and select the best internet service for your business needs. We offer a wide range of internet technologies and speeds nationwide. Dedicated Internet Access Fiber Internet is today’s highest speed, highest bandwidth broadband offering. With speeds up to 100 Gbps, Fiber internet delivers the best in dedicated bandwidth straight to your office. Symmetrical connectivity provides consistent and reliable upload and download. Fast speeds support your business-critical applications, and industry-leading service guarantees keep your business up and running. A high-capacity fiber network enables your employees to send large files efficiently, and easily use online data backup to protect your business in case of disaster. Fiber Internet is scalable, so you can increase bandwidth as you need it. Fast, reliable connectivity and 24/7 support is why you should choose Fusion Connect as your fiber optic internet provider. Wireless Broadband Wireless Broadband provides convenient, high-speed wireless internet service for a variety of uses: remote office or worker locations, temporary internet access, or as a fully redundant backup service for existing internet service. Your employees can access the applications and files they need with any internet-enabled device. Download speeds up to 10 Gbps. With Fusion Connect Wireless Broadband, you get all the necessary equipment for fast installation. And when it’s part of a failover solution, Fusion Connect experts will fully manage and monitor the wireless network for you. Not all WiFi service is the same. We offer a fully managed 5G and 4G wireless solution, depending upon your location. Learn why businesses choose Fusion Connect as their wireless internet provider . Cloud PBX (also known as VoIP, Hosted Voice, or Hosted PBX) With more people working remotely and a "bring your own device" culture, Cloud PBX makes it incredibly easy for employees to use just one business phone number. Any location. Across any devices. Fusion Connect Hosted VoIP empowers employees with numerous business features – call logs, call transfer, do not disturb, fax messaging, speed dial, and many more. Mobility features like Advanced Call Forwarding, and Find Me/Follow Me, can easily be controlled through an online application called Voice Manager. Collaboration features make audio conferencing easy, and Visual Voicemail delivers your voice and fax messages directly to your email inbox. Advanced features for Hosted PBX include Hunt Groups and Auto Attendants. Easy integration with numerous CRM applications, such as ZenDesk and SalesForce. Unified Communications apps, including Microsoft Teams and Cisco Webex, enable seamless calls through any device, video conferencing, and file sharing. Learn how affordable and easy to manage Fusion Connect Hosted Voice is for you and your business. Unified Communications as a Service Simplify teamwork and encourage collaboration with Unified Communications . The many features of Unified Communications (UC) and collaboration make staying in touch with associates easy and efficient. Use one communication platform to reach everyone – over laptop, desktop, tablet, and smartphone. UCaaS makes for easy conferencing with people inside and outside your organization. And, it enables you to provide excellent, productive and collaborative support for mobile or remote workers. Host a voice or video conference from any device, invite guests to join over web browser, and share your desktop so all participants are working from the same page. Start a one-on-one or group IM for rapid decisions. Send an SMS text to a colleague on the road. Learn how Unified Communications service can make a difference for your business. SIP Trunking Leverage your existing IP PBX system to gain many of the advantages of VoIP, by using SIP Trunking. SIP Trunks combine voice and Internet access on a single Internet connection using your current IP PBX. Purchase only the SIP Trunks you need, based on your business’s concurrent call needs. SIP Trunking service can scale as your business grows – add lines and phone system features as you need them. There is no need to replace phones or equipment. Reduce costs and simplify IT management, while experiencing excellent call quality using Fusion Connect SIP Trunking . Speak with a Technology Expert Everything Your Business Needs to Stay Connected Let's Connect! Legal Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Management Cookie Settings © 2025 A Morgan Stanley Investment Management portfolio company. All rights reserved. Let’s Connect! Need Customer Support? Connect with the Support Team Speak with an Expert Complete the form and our solutions expert will be in touch. Let’s Connect! Schedule a meeting with us at a time that suits you.
            Simply let us know when you'd like a virtual appointment. We'll send you a meeting invite. No time to wait? Get immediate access to our team right now through an on-demand virtual meeting,
            no application required. We're ready if you are ‐ join us now! Connecting Soon! Schedule or Start Meeting (2-minute process) X