Special Olympics Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Facebook Facebook Google Plus Instagram Bing Mail To LinkedIn Pinterest Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Youtube magnify Close greater than Quote Facebook Google Plus Mail To LinkedIn Twitter Bing Always On Behind the Mic On Broadway Unified Volleyball World Cup Foundation for Humanity Explore More Videos From Special Olympics Watch Find Special Olympics Near Me Find Special Olympics Near Me Find Special Olympics Near Me We are helping to make the world a better, healthier and more joyful place—one athlete, one volunteer, one family member at a time. Your Program Based on your location, your local program is %location% . Your location could not be automatically determined. Choose a program below: Your Special Olympics Local Program: Looking for a different local program? Choose a program from the list below: Africa Asia Pacific East Asia Europe Eurasia Latin America Middle East North Africa North America What We Do What We Do Sports Special Olympics supports over 5 million athletes, unified partners, coaches and volunteers with over 30 Olympic-type sports. Sport and Competition Local and international year-round sports training and athletic competitions. Inclusive Health Improving the health and well-being of people with intellectual disabilities. Youth and Schools Empowering Youth Leaders, educators, coaches, and families to build inclusive schools and communities for all. Inclusive Leadership Unleashing leadership potential in people of all abilities. The Revolution Is Inclusion A peaceful campaign to end discrimination of people with intellectual disabilities. Get Involved Get Involved Join Us Become an Athlete Become a Volunteer Become a Coach Become an Official Information for Families Find Your Program Start a Local Club/Program Support Us Ways to Donate Partners of the Movement Sport Partnerships Law Enforcement Torch Run Shop Program Finder Get in touch with us to volunteer, become an athlete, join a Unified Sports team, work as a coach and learn about upcoming events. Read More Stories Stories Athletes Get inspired with stories of joy, perseverance, and achievement. Community Impact Learn more about the power Special Olympics has to make real change around the world. In the News Hear about Special Olympics impact from around the world. Always On Videos showcasing the Special Olympics movement around the globe. Inclusion Revolution Radio An athlete led podcast featuring athletes, partners, ambassadors, employees, and supporters of Special Olympics. Novie Knows Novie Knows, a subseries of Inclusion Revolution Radio, serves as an unscripted platform for host Novie Craven to provide her perspective, as a Special Olympics athlete, on the topics of her choosing. Read More Events Events Unified 3x3 Basketball World Cup On December 5 – 7, 2025 in San Juan, Puerto Rico, 200 athletes and unified partners will compete in a 3x3 basketball tournament. Unified Football World Cup Paris, France to host the third edition of the Unified Football World Cup from 5 – 11 July 2026. Special Olympics World Games Santiago 2027 From October 16 – 25 2027, Santiago will welcome thousands of athletes, families, and fans from around the globe to celebrate unity, inclusion, and the power of sport. World Games Schedule and Results Competition schedule, athlete schedule, and results. Host an Event Learn more about hosting an international Special Olympics event. USA Games 2026 June 20 – 26, 2026 the 2026 Special Olympics USA Games will unite 3,000 athletes, 1,500 coaches, 10,000 volunteers, and 75,000 fans from all 50 states in Minnesota. Read More About About Purpose Mission About Intellectual Disabilities History Eunice Kennedy Shriver's Story People Leadership Teams Board of Directors Sargent Shriver Global Messengers Ambassadors More Careers Reports Governance & Finance Press Room Shop Donate EN Spanish Find It Fast Find job opportunities with Special Olympics What sports does Special Olympics offer? Contact Special Olympics Find events near me Ways to give to Special Olympics Search Creating an Inclusive World Special Olympics is a global sports movement that is life-changing for everyone. Get Involved What We Do Every day, Special Olympics events are taking place around the globe transforming the lives of millions of individuals with intellectual disabilities both on and off the playing field. Sports Special Olympics supports over 5 million athletes, unified partners, coaches and volunteers with 32 Olympic-type sports. Inclusive Health Improving the health and well-being of people with intellectual disabilities. Youth and Schools Empowering Youth Leaders, educators, coaches, and families to build inclusive schools and communities for all. Inclusive Leadership Unleashing leadership potential in people of all abilities. Make a Difference Please donate and help us get one more athlete onto the playing field. Donation Amount $25 $50 $100 $500 $1000 Other Donate Now Stories of Impact Stories from around the world, inspiring courage, hope and confidence. In the News An Open Letter to Kid Rock: Words Matter Dear Kid Rock, 2 Min Read Athletes Using Basketball to Overcome the Exclusion of her Past: Cecilia Gonzalez Meet Cecilia Gonzalez, a basketball player with Special Olympics Paraguay, whose life is now unrecognizable after she discovered her love for basketball and competing with Special Olympics. 1 Min Read In the News Honoring Frank Gehry The Special Olympics family extends heartfelt condolences to the loved ones of famed architect Frank Gehry, who passed away on 5 December 2025 at the age of 96. 1 Min Read In the News 2025 Special Olympics Holiday Card A very special thank you to all members of the Special Olympics movement this holiday season. In the News sportanddev: Paris to Host the Special Olympics Unified Football World Cup 2026 The following is an excerpt from sportanddev’s article, detailing the upcoming 2026 Unified Football World Cup in Paris and sharing the excitement from sponsors and Special Olympics leadership. 1 Min Read Athletes Using Basketball to Overcome the Exclusion of her Past: Cecilia Gonzalez Meet Cecilia Gonzalez, a basketball player with Special Olympics Paraguay, whose life is now unrecognizable after she discovered her love for basketball and competing with Special Olympics. 1 Min Read Our Global Reach With 5 competitions per hour across the globe, our movement represents over 5.3 million athletes, unified partners, coaches, and volunteers. 4,660,299 Athletes and Unified Partners 256 National and State Programs 24,383 Unified Schools 393,943 Coaches 68,053 Athlete Health Screenings 820,832 Volunteers Join Our Movement Join our movement, belong to an inspiring community and help us to build a better tomorrow for people of all abilities. With over 30 sports and nearly 50,000 games every year, there's an opportunity for you! Become an Athlete learn more Become a Coach learn more Become a Volunteer learn more Featured Partners Special Olympics Founding Partner Funding Special Olympics work worldwide Working together to build a more diverse and inclusive society Proud Partner of Unified Sports® Official Broadcast Partner and Global Presenting Sponsor of Unified Sports® Global Supplier of Ophthalmic Lenses for Special Olympics the Opening Eyes program Proud partner of Special Olympics Europe Eurasia Official Sponsor of Special Olympics International Sport and Coach Programming Expanding health services for people with intellectual disabilities Supporting Special Olympics throughout the world Supports access to quality eye care Official Technology Partner Teaming up to grow flag football Supporting Special Olympics athletes for nearly 40 years Exclusive Global Supplier of Ophthalmic Frames and Sunglasses for the Special Olympics Opening Eyes program Supports Special Olympics’ mission to forge stronger youth engagement. Supporting Play Unified through an annual consumer fundraising campaign The largest grass-roots fundraiser and public awareness vehicle for Special Olympics Presenting Sponsor of the 2018 Unified Cup and Global Unified Sports® Partner Proud Supporter of Special Olympics creating more inclusive workplaces Stay Connected Share your contact information so we can keep you up-to-date on all of the exciting work happening within our movement. Name First Name Last Name Email & Zip Email Address Zip Code Captcha Subscribe Donate Join Us SHOP Get Involved Get Involved Become a Special Olympics Athlete Become a Volunteer Become a Coach Become an Official Find Your Program Ways to Donate About About Mission About Intellectual Disabilities Governance & Finance History Leadership Research and Evaluation Reports Where We Work Where We Work Africa Region Asia Pacific Region East Asia Region Europe/Eurasia Region Latin America Region Middle East/North Africa Region North America Region Media Media Blog Galleries In the News Photos Photos on Flickr Press Room Videos Follow Follow Related Sites Related Sites Santiago 2027 USA Games 2026 World Games Schedule and Results Center for Inclusive Health Generation Unified Spread the Word A Very Special Christmas Resources Law Enforcement Torch Run Home | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use | Careers | Contact | © 2026 Special Olympics Created By The Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. Foundation for the Benefit of Persons with Intellectual Disabilities. Website made possible by Brightspot . Special Olympics is a tax exempt 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. Special Olympics Identification Number (EIN) is 52-0889518. Powered By