Crowdsourcing for Telecoms & Regulators Home Solutions Products Awards Insights Contact us Crowdsourcing for Telecoms & Regulators SpeedChecker is focused on delivering solutions which are built on our extensive knowledge of crowdsourcing QoS and QoE data. Our solutions help MNOs, ISPs and regulators in making their Internet infrastructure better and more available for everyone. Our research into new methodologies of collecting data using a crowdsourcing approach has taken us to contribute to development of new ITU standards, provide tools which can be used freely in 3rd party apps, offer consumers apps and websites to test their connections or help telecom regulators get more visibility into quality of service. Speedchecker is now part of MedUX Stronger crowdsourced QoE insights for telecoms and regulators worldwide. 👉 Discover more here Solutions SpeedChecker's flexible and friendly approach wins customers from all sizes within the telecom sector, from small regional ISPs to national carriers or telecommunication regulators. For regulators Speedchecker processes Billions of data points in more than 170 countries. We collect real world end user experience through our passive and active measurement technology, combined with unique regional and global partnerships with apps. Regulators can leverage our data to get better QoS insights from their country, they can also rely on SpeedChecker to develop customized white-label regulator apps. Discover more For mobile operators We help mobile operators get a better understanding of their network from the end-user perspective by collecting billions of KPIs directly from mobile devices, analyzing RAN data from OSS counters and not only offering insights about where the quality is good or bad, but, also, detailed reports that show why and the concrete steps to improve the network. Discover more For fixed operators We work with small to medium regional ISPs delivering connectivity using different technologies such as DSL, wireless or fibre that want to minimize unnecessary support calls and increase customer satisfaction. We also help nationwide ISPs to increase their revenue by providing useful tools for their websites and apps which increase the number of leads from online channels. Discover more Products Our products include specialised tools to support internet providers and cloud companies to increase revenue and reduce support costs. We work with nationwide ISPs as well as smaller ISPs to improve the Quality of experience for their customers. Speed test datasets Discover more Cellular coverage datasets Discover more Crowdsourcing system Discover more Speed test SDKs Discover more Light Drive Test Discover more SpeedChecker Award Discover more Knowledge center Insights on country's mobile network performance Our studies and articles Our websites & apps We run several speed test sites in the following countries: United Kingdom France Poland Japan Our apps have been downloaded by millions of users Available for Since 2008 we have helped millions of users get a better understanding of how to make their Internet go faster. Our solutions empower telecoms, governments and researchers in making their Internet infrastructure better and more available for everyone. Home Solutions For regulators For mobile operators For fixed operators Products Speed test datasets Cellular coverage datasets Crowdsourcing system Speed test SDKs Light drive test app Speedchecker award Speed test HTML5 speed checker Research Contact us Stay in touch Twitter Blog Privacy policy Copyright © Speedchecker Ltd.