Home
Articles
Community
Research
IT Tools 
Newsletters
Vendors
Login
Join

The 2026 State of IT is here! See how IT pros are investing in productivity, security, and practical AI today. Explore the 2026 insights »

 
Spiceworks: For everyone and everything IT
NEWS & INSIGHTS

Helping IT Pros stay in the know

COMMUNITY

Tackle tech challenges together

ABERDEEN RESEARCH

Research for IT pros & business

TOOLS & APPS

Free tools for IT Pros

NEWS & INSIGHTS
SEE ALL NEWS & INSIGHTS

Get tech news, insights, and resources to stay informed and prepared for whatever the business tech world throws your way.

IT Hardware
Voice of IT Survey: Insights into laptop tech dept
IT Life
Spiceworks Community Digest: Putting off that upgrade
IT Careers
Managing support ticket frustration before it escalates
IT Life
Spiceworks Community Digest: Derailing the AI hype train
IT Careers
How to make the most of the holiday IT slowdown
COMMUNITY
VISIT THE COMMUNITY

Join millions of IT pros to ask questions, give recommendations, connect with vendors, and share your tech expertise — all while having fun.

Welcome to the Spiceworks Community

The Spiceworks Community is where millions of IT pros connect to share expertise, evaluate vendors, and tackle tech challenges together. Whether you're the lone ranger doing IT all by yourself in your organization or one of a huge team of IT pros. It's about getting answers to your questions, picking...

Explore our community
Water Cooler
Spark! Pro series - Christmas Edition - December 25th 2025

jimender219 hours

Water Cooler
Merry Christmas, Spiceworks Community!

PassRusher3 days

Software & Applications
Tuya cameras with Home Assistant?

TravelMore8 hours

Spiceworks Originals
Wrong Answers Only: Is Santa Claus in IT?

Suzanne (Spiceworks)2 days

Email
Mail merge does not print all the records

jrsitman610 hours

See what our community has to say

 The Spiceworks Community is the best technical resource on the Internet. By asking nicely you can get help from IT consultants which would cost you hundreds of dollars per hour if you had to pay for it. Everyone gives back what knowledge they can for mutual benefit all around.

Ethan6123

Member since 2009

 I’m still early into my IT career and I ask question a lot about stuff I don’t know. Rather then being shamed or ignored, I get helpful people reaching out looking to help in any way they can to help me get to a conclusion.

MachoManRandall

Member since 2022

 Through Spiceworks, I have been able to gain important IT knowledge, get out of tight IT situations, and assist many other to do the same. I have made many vendor purchases, received vendor assistance, and got some pretty sweet vendor deals.

cynlis

Member since 2011

ABERDEEN RESEARCH
SEE ALL RESEARCH

Get fact-based reports on tech trends to make confident business decisions.

State of IT Spend
Future of Workplace Technology Report 2024
2024 State of Customer Experience

“81% of businesses are not fully confident in their technology stack’s ability to support the needs of hybrid and remote employees.”

TOOLS & APPS
SEE ALL TOOLS & APPS

Easy -to-use online IT software. Track tickets, manage devices and infrastructure, monitor application availability, stay on top of vendor contracts, and more.

Cloud
Help Desk
Connectivity
Dashboard
Contracts
Tracker
Inventory
Online
Remote
Support
 
Join Spiceworks

Get free access to IT Community, news, insights, research and tools.

Join to get free accessOpens a new window 

spiceworks.
About
Contact
Support
Advertise
Press / Media
Careers
SpiceWorld
About Editorial
Follow on Facebook
Follow on Linkedin
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Guidelines
Accessibility Statement
Do Not Sell my Personal Information

© Copyright 2006 - 2025 Spiceworks Inc.

Your privacy is important to us
Subject to your privacy choices we and our partners use technology, including cookies, to view and retain your site interactions, enable site functionality, enhance user experience, perform analytics, and for advertising and marketing purposes as described in our Cookie Policy. By clicking Accept or continuing to our site you agree to our Terms of Use.
Accept Cookies