Spin the Wheel – Free and easy-to-use random picker. Add names or options, spin to decide. Save and share instantly. Tap to spin wheel Choice 1 Choice 2 Choice 3 Choice 4 Choice 5 Choice 6 Choice 7 Spin the wheel or MULTIPLE wheels simultaneously. Create a custom wheel now using this free online random
            decision generator tool. Spin the Wheel is a wheel spinner to help decide upon making a random choice. Whether you need a lucky wheel, a random number generator , a wheel of names , a raffle generator , a wheel
            of fortune for games or a simple yes or no wheel , simply spin the
            wheel to get what you need. This virtual wheel simulator is the first of its kind to let you create multiple custom-designed wheel spinners to use either
            independently or at the same time. This opens up a wide range of possibilities. How to Make & Spin the Wheel 🌀 To achieve this, make a new wheel and edit it by adding your own entries. Use the 'Design' functionality to give your wheel page
            some personality and press 'Save' so that you can use it again later. You can use the 'Edit' tab to insert images, any text such as names, numbers, percentages and emojis 🔥. Teachers can spin the
            wheel to use as a random name picker for the classroom combined with a second wheel with a particular question. You could spin a wheel to decide between job offers, which game to play or to create a random name for a character in a book you
            are writing. The possibilities do not stop there, as random wheels are definitely more interesting when you use two or more... MULTIPLE Wheel Spinner Functionality What makes Spin the Wheel stand out from singular wheel websites is the ability to add and save up to eight wheels on a page. Click 'Add' on the wheel's panel menu to create multiple wheels. Use 'Edit' on the panel menu to fine-tune your settings on each
            wheel. Let's say that you wish to use one spinner wheel to decide what to eat for dinner and a
            second wheel to decide whether to eat in or take out the meal. On spinthewheel.io, you can create these and then simultaneously
            spin both of them to arrive at your decision. Another way that the multiple wheel functionality can be used is by creating a custom wheel of names to choose a person, then a
            second wheel to decide what that person will win (from a list of prizes) and then a third wheel to decide on a challenge that
            the person selected by the first wheel must complete in order to win that prize. The custom wheel possibilities are almost endless and you are even able to design the editable wheel with a background image and
            pictures (images) on each wheel. What's more, this wheel spinner creator can be edited with custom audio by choosing from a selection of music and sound effects.
            This free wheel spinner generator system has been designed with the utmost flexibility in mind. Popular Wheels Dice Roller (2 dice) Flip 2 Coins Mathematics Quiz 👉 See ALL Wheels Spin the Wheel – Free and easy-to-use random picker. Add names or options, spin to decide. Save and share instantly. Spin the Wheel or MULTIPLE Custom Wheels. Free Decision-Generator tool for Random Choice Selections. Adored by Teachers. Save &
      Re-Use 🌀