Accelerate ad revenue, web traffic and subscriber growth - Spiny Products Products Monetization Publisher Intelligence Spiny Live Integrations Use Cases Use Cases Commercial Data Business Intelligence Editorial Finance Pricing Company Company About Us Our Team Careers Contact Us Resources Resources Blog Press Releases Testimonials Whitepaper Log In Book Demo Complete Revenue Analytics For Digital Publishers A true ROI reporting platform and an AI-powered header bidder that is everything a publisher needs to run their business. Book a Demo Why Industry Experts Choose Spiny 431% Increase in Impressions per Session 250k Page Views/Month 20% Increase in Subscriptions 120m Page Views/Month 58% Incremental Ad Revenue 15m Page Views/Month BidRoll Header Bidding Supercharge your ad monetization efforts with our end-to-end 
 header-bidding technology built for digital publishers. Maximize your revenue and attract premium buyers Enhance your user experience and ad quality Improve your ad viewability and data transparency Publisher Intelligence Go beyond content analytics with Publisher Intelligence, which combines human and machine intelligence to help you publish smarter and maximize revenues Editorial Insights Make efficient newsroom decisions Determine key editorial decisions with a holistic view of the topics resonating with your audience Examine content virality and see what your competitors are covering in real-time Optimize your content's SEO through intelligent automations Dashboard Access all your data on one platform Comprehensive editorial, distribution, revenue and subscription analytics Advanced out-of-the-box data tracking so you can focus on what's important View revenue and subscription metrics broken down by writers, categories, traffic sources and much more... Reporting The intelligent feed tailored to your business Evaluate your insights and recommendations as summarized data stories Receive answers to your key business questions before you even need to ask Communicate, collaborate on and share data stories via the channels you already use Editorial Insights Make efficient newsroom decisions Determine key editorial decisions with a holistic view of the topics resonating with your audience Examine content virality and see what your competitors are covering in real-time Optimize your content's SEO through intelligent automations Dashboard Access all your data on one platform Comprehensive editorial, distribution, revenue and subscription analytics Advanced out-of-the-box data tracking so you can focus on what's important View revenue and subscription metrics broken down by writers, categories, traffic sources and much more... Monetization Get a clear picture of your entire business in real-time with unique publishing metrics and projections to keep you in the know. Analyze your authors, audiences, and revenue performance in real-time Evaluate content breakdowns for better editorial prioritization Consider instant alerts to enable you to adjust editorial strategies on the go See How Spiny Has Helped Publishers Grow “ Spiny has fully empowered our team to not only make data-driven real-time decisions but also to implement highly-detailed strategies through one-of-a-kind, predictive publisher intelligence. In every aspect of our business, from staffing to revenue growth to metadata publishing, Spiny offers insights that truly pave the way for success. Hunter Miller Outsider - Senior Managing Editor “ With Spiny's BidRoll product, we saw ad revenue increase 3x in just 2 weeks. They took all the headache away and made the process very simple to implement - all without compromising our user experience. PJ Howland Leaders - Head of Evergreen Content “ Spiny is great about automating important metrics that I previously had to manually look up. I can easily find how many pageviews an author is generating, their average word count or bounce rate and other key performance indicators over a variety of time periods with a few clicks of the mouse. Ryan Tice On3 - Senior Manager “ Spiny allows me to easily visualize our company's performance in real-time. Instead of opening multiple dashboards and software, I have everything I need to manage and make decisions in one place. Will Crall On3 - General Manager of Fan Sites “ Spiny has fully empowered our team to not only make data-driven real-time decisions but also to implement highly-detailed strategies through one-of-a-kind, predictive publisher intelligence. In every aspect of our business, from staffing to revenue growth to metadata publishing, Spiny offers insights that truly pave the way for success. Hunter Miller Outsider - Senior Managing Editor “ With Spiny's BidRoll product, we saw ad revenue increase 3x in just 2 weeks. They took all the headache away and made the process very simple to implement - all without compromising our user experience. PJ Howland Leaders - Head of Evergreen Content All the Integrations You Need View all integrations Ready to Get Started? See how Spiny can put boosting your revenue on autopilot Contact Us Book a Demo Products Monetization Publisher Intelligence Spiny Live Integrations Pricing Resources Blog Press Releases Testimonials About Us Our Team Use Cases Commercial Data Business Intelligence Editorial Finance Support Contact Us ©2020-2023 Spiny.ai. All rights reserved. Language: English DMCA Terms of Service Privacy Policy