Fantasy Sports: Win Cash Prizes | Splash Sports Download and Play Download and Play SPLASH SPORTS Compete in Survivor, One & Done, and PGA Tiers with HUGE, real money prize pots on Splash Sports. Small entry fees and six-figure payouts! Join our discord For special promos and the latest Splash New & Updates. Log In Home Splash Sports Web App Learn More Promotions Promotions JOIN THE SPLASH DISCORD Get all the latest product news, early access to new features and unique promos Learn Learn Blog Tips, strategy, and stories for players and commissioners. Latest Articles Latest articles to help you succeed on Splash Sports Games & Contests Learn more about our games and contests Commissioners Tips and Tricks on building a successful channel Product & Features Check out the latest updates and product roadmap Company News, company values and more. Legal & Safety Information on legality and secure gaming in fantasy sports popular How to Play Survivor Quick 101 on the Survivor format How to Play NBA Tiers Learn how to play NBA Tiers Verification Why do we ask for your photo ID to play on Splash Where can I play? Check where you can play on Splash! Sign up Play now Games Contests Availability Reviews FAQs Play big Contests & win big money Win real money playing the games you know: Survivor, Daily Fantasy Contests, Pick'Em, Confidence, and more. Play in Guaranteed Contests or against your friends. Play Now Download and Play FROM THE OWNERS OF HOW IT WORKS THE HOME OF PEER-TO-PEER GAMING Create real-money contests for your friends Easily set up a contest with one of our popular game formats and invite others to a little friendly competition over your favorite sports. Let us take care of the hard stuff We securely collect entries and pay out winners so you can sit back and focus on the fun with live leaderboards and detailed stats. Legally play for real cash prizes Play against your friends, not the house and keep the cash in the community! We offer legal play for real money in most of the US and Canada WE ARE RECOGNIZED BY INTRODUCING OUR GAMES PLAY TODAY QUICKPICKS '25 QUICKPICKS '25 SURVIVOR '25 SURVIVOR '25 PICK'EM '25 PICK'EM '25 CONFIDENCE '25 CONFIDENCE '25 TIERS '25 TIERS '25 ONE & DONE '25 ONE & DONE '25 QUICKPICKS '25 Put your skills to the test. Pick 2–6 players, match up against real opponents, and rack up points for correct picks. Win big—even if you miss one! Go to QuickPicks SURVIVOR '25 Survive and advance. In one of the most popular formats on Splash Sports, your goal is simple: pick winners and outlast the competition. Go to Survivor PICK'EM '25 Pick'Em on Splash Sports puts your football knowledge to the test. Pick a group of winners each week, and earn points for correct picks. Go to Pick'Em CONFIDENCE '25 Choose winners of each game and assign confidence points to each pick. Earn points based on the accuracy of your picks and the confidence you placed in them! Go to Confidence TIERS '25 Draft your dream squad. Each slate, draft a group of players and earn points based on their in-game performance. Outscore your opponents to win! Go to Tiers ONE & DONE '25 Survivor meets Tiers in One & Done on Splash Sports. Draft your lineup, but once you use a player, you lose them for the rest of the contest. Go to One & Done COMMISSIONERS START A CONTEST Whether you're playing with friends or you’re a Commissioner, we make running a real-money contest hassle-free. We handle everything from collecting entries to paying out winners, so you can focus on the fun! CREATE YOUR CONTEST TODAY Start a contest and invite your friends. Choose your game format and settings, invite friends, and collect entries and payments hassle-free! Sweat it out with your crew! Track live scores and rankings while chatting with your group. Crown your winners! Winners get paid automatically when contests end—funds are immediately available for withdrawal. Create a contest AVAILABILITY — US & CANADA where can you play? USA CANADA DFS TIERS One & Done QuickPicks Survivor PICK'EM AVAILABLE Available UNAVAILABLE COMING SOON (No NCAA allowed) * Not available on Android in ME at this time. *Available in all of Canada, except for Quebec. Create a contest Download and Play or Sign up on web PLAYERS Love SPLASH SPORTS From the most casual to the die-hards, sports fans love how fun and simple it is to play against their friends on Splash Sports! FINALLY a way to easily organize some of my favorite styles of sports games for real money and play for bigger prizes. Really cool and much needed product Joe White · Boston $250 PAID TO WINNER Stacy Elis · San Diego $36,000 PAID TO WINNER sadiejuice · MA Love the variety in season long and weekly games. All the commissioner designs are very cool and distinctive. Beautiful user experience with intuitive game play. Markdia The app works great for PGA one and done and tiers. Not having to collect money at the beginning of the year has been such a relief. Can’t wait to move my nfl [contests] to Splash this fall Reegs17 $8,000 PAID TO WINNER expresivo · NY Really like how the format is unique compared to other DFS apps and how there’s no sims or optimizers making it a much more level playing field for causals and experienced players alike. Looking forward to the NFL survivor contests this year! jamest2499 $100,080 PAID TO WINNER mamashark · CA I can’t believe how cool this is, it saves me so much time and stress for hosting my friends in our various leagues! Also amazing to see how quickly building they put out new updates, making improvements and fixing issues is what I love to see. Splash > every other way to play Paulduca1234 $14,602.50 PAID TO WINNER tpmurphy27 · MA The most fun and engaging betting app I’ve come across! Youngnige Splash has been a great Up & Comer in the industry, and has really impressed me with their simple, yet effective design. Deposits and withdrawals have been flawless, and they offer a lot of exciting new opportunities to play Survivor, Pick’Em, and Tiers. I’ve been most impressed with their PGA One & Done game mode, and am certainly looking forward to more of those contests soon. Customer service has been top notch, and I believe Splash is well on their way up the ranks. Very impressed! J.P.H Love the splash PGA tiers and survivor contests. Great product that all my friends battle on. James McLoughlin $25,002 PAID TO WINNER sj1120 Simple design. Easy to use. Variety of contests/[games] to enter. sadiejuice Load more JOIN TODAY Don’t miss out on the action! Put your strategy skills to the test and compete on the ultimate peer-to-peer gaming platform for sports fans! Download and Play or Sign up on web FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS FAQ How do I earn rewards on Splash? All of our RunYourPool and OfficeFootballPool commissioners big and small will get rewarded for each user they bring to Splash, and can continue to earn as they run contests and grow their brand. Commissioners who run over three qualifying contests will have the opportunity to join our Commissioner Rewards program where they can make being a commissioner into a nice side hustle or even a full-time living. Why am I asked for my license information? In order to make the platform a safe place for users to play against their friends using real money, we need either passport or license information in order to verify your information. This is a process called “ Know Your Customer ” or “KYC”. This is an important step for us to keep Splash safe and fun for all our users. How do I move my existing contest over? If you have an existing contest on RYP or OFP , just link your account during signup and you’ll be able to invite your existing member groups in just a few clicks. Between creating your contest and inviting your group, the whole process will take 90 seconds or less. ‍ If you are moving your contest over from another website or from a spreadsheet, we make it easy for you to replicate your contest and give you an invite link to send out to your email list or text chain. How do I convince my group to make the switch? Glad you asked! We whipped up a one-pager to make it easy for you to explain to your friends or group, which you can find here . ‍ The bottom line is Splash makes your job as a commissioner at least 10x easier. This should let you run more contests and make the ones you currently run bigger. The improved gameplay, live scoring, and mobile app will make everyone’s experience much better. Not to mention that players can link their existing RunYourPool or OfficeFootballPool account to Splash to get signed up in less than a minute. And finally, Splash should give your players confidence that no matter how well they know the commissioner, they will get paid when they win, quickly and securely. How do I deposit and withdraw? It’s simple and safe to deposit and withdraw on Splash. We support debit card and credit card deposits from Visa, Mastercard, and Discover. We also accept deposits via ACH, PayPal and Venmo. ‍ After you create and verify your account, you will be able to deposit and withdraw via the My Account page. You may withdraw funds to a payment method you have used to deposit with (debit card or ACH), though we are unable to process withdrawals to credit cards. Alright, so how does Splash make money? Splash is laser-focused on doing everything we can to make a commissioner's life easy and a member's life fun. And we've done that. We've made contests so simple and enjoyable that many of our commissioners go on to run 2x bigger contests for 10x less work. But we can't make and maintain that magic alone, and that means we can't do it for free. We take a service fee as a percentage of the collected contest entry fees and put it right back into the day-to-day stuff like payment processing fees; top-notch security; and building the best product on the market. HIGHLIGHTS splash sports IN NUMBERS 6.5M+ Users across US and Canada 600K+ Contests played 1B+ Picks TIPS & TRICKS RESOURCES PRODUCT What’s new on Splash Sports PRODUCT In-Season Payouts are Live on Splash! PRODUCT How to Start a NCAAB Survivor Contest on Splash Sports See all LEGAL & SAFETY Cookie Policy Privacy Policy (US) Privacy Policy (Canada) Responsible Gaming Policy Terms of Use (US) Terms of Use (Canada) Birches Health COMPANY Promotions Updates NEW Blog Brand Guidelines RunYourPool OfficeFootballPool Partnerships Customer Support HELPFUL TOPICs Commissioner Rewards How to Play Survivor How to Play Tiers How to Play Pick’Em Where Can You Play? Game Rules FAQs Download Now © 2025 Splash Sports Worried about your gaming? For specialized care from our partner Birches Health, click here , call (833) 483-3838 or email Help@BirchesHealth.com Download and Play Download and Play SPLASH SPORTS Compete in Survivor, One & Done, and PGA Tiers with HUGE, real money prize pots on Splash Sports. Small entry fees and six-figure payouts! Download and Play Download and Play SPLASH SPORTS Compete in Survivor, One & Done, and PGA Tiers with HUGE, real money prize pots on Splash Sports. Small entry fees and six-figure payouts! Download and Play Download and Play SPLASH SPORTS Compete in Survivor, One & Done, and PGA Tiers with HUGE, real money prize pots on Splash Sports. Small entry fees and six-figure payouts!