Split expenses with friends. :: Splitwise Log in Sign up Less stress when sharing expenses on trips. Less stress when sharing expenses with housemates. Less stress when sharing expenses with your partner. Less stress when sharing expenses with anyone. Keep track of your shared expenses and balances with housemates, trips, groups, friends, and family. Sign up Free for iPhone , Android , and web. Download the app Keep track of your shared expenses and balances with housemates, trips, groups, friends, and family. Free for iPhone , Android , and web. Track balances Keep track of shared expenses, balances, and who owes who. Organize expenses Split expenses with any group: trips, housemates, friends, and family. Add expenses easily Quickly add expenses on the go before you forget who paid. Pay friends back Settle up with a friend and record any cash or online payment. Get even more with PRO Get even more organized with receipt scanning, charts and graphs, currency conversion, and more! Sign up The whole nine yards Add groups and friends Split expenses, record debts Equal or unequal splits Split by % or shares Calculate total balances Simplify debts Recurring expenses Offline mode Cloud sync Spending totals Categorize expenses 7+ languages 100+ currencies Payment integrations Unlimited expenses Transaction import Currency conversion Receipt scanning Itemization Charts and graphs Expense search Save default splits A totally ad-free experience Early access to new features Core features Pro features “Fundamental” for tracking finances. As good as WhatsApp for containing awkwardness. Financial Times Life hack for group trips. Amazing tool to use when traveling with friends! Makes life so easy!! Ahah S, iOS Makes it easy to split everything from your dinner bill to rent. NY Times So amazing to have this app manage balances and help keep money out of relationships. love it! Haseena C, Android I never fight with roommates over bills because of this genius expense-splitting app Business Insider I use it everyday. I use it for trips, roommates, loans. I love splitwise. Trickseyus, iOS Splitwise About Press Blog Jobs Calculators API Account Log in Sign up Reset password Settings Splitwise Pro Splitwise Pay Splitwise Card More Contact us FAQ Site status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Made with :) in Providence, RI, USA