Skip to main content
Spokane, Washington  Est. May 19, 1883
Current Temperature
27°F
Current Conditions
Clear sky
View complete weather report
 Menu
 Search
News
Sports
Business
A&E
Weather
Obits
Puzzles
Newsletters
e-Edition
Classifieds
Customer Care
Subscribe
My Account
Difference Makers 2025
 
VA Investigation
 
Women of the Year
 
Bloomsday Perennials
 
Cougs
 
Zags
 
We’re Going Nonprofit!
 
NW Passages
Today's Headlines
Brief snow blast allows Mt. Spokane to open amid historically ‘mellow winter’

Updated 9:56 p.m.

A brief blast of cold and some scrappy new snow-moving techniques allowed Mt. Spokane Ski and Snowboard Park to open this past weekend.
Zags Insiders Podcast: On Tyon Grant-Foster and who is Gonzaga’s best NBA prospect?

Updated 6:13 p.m.

Lincoln statue in downtown Spokane again vandalized with red paint

Updated 6:07 p.m.

Difference Makers: Spokane’s Repair Café and Mend-It Café reframe relationship with household items

Updated 6:25 p.m.

Gov. Ferguson requests $11 million for design of new Spokane Veterans home
Dave Boling: The scariest part about this Seahawks team? They’re only getting better.
Getting There: Preconstruction work redoubles next year for Division Street rapid bus route, slated for 2030 launch
Analysis: No. 7 Gonzaga achieves trifecta of milestones with 96-56 win over Pepperdine

Read all of today’s stories

SPOKANE
Nonprofit to bring Haitian Independence Day for the first time to Spokane amid TPS uncertainty: ‘Get to know us’

Updated 6:07 p.m.

SPOKANE
SpokAnimal closes as nonprofit shelter contends with unidentified respiratory illness affecting more than a dozen dogs

Updated 5:29 p.m.

EWU FOOTBALL
Difference Makers: EWU football player Nolan Ulm shows his heart both on and off the field

Updated 9:36 p.m.

YESTERDAY'S TOP STORIES
Oregon governor, U.S. senators oppose possible transport of liquid radioactive waste through Oregon
'It's a shock': Wallace residents, employees recall downtown shooting that led to 'shaking' windows, 'cops everywhere' and general confusion
More potentially radioactive shrimp recalled in 17 states. See list.
Jeff Lambert spent 30 years crusading for conservation, to the benefit of all corners of Spokane County
Gonzaga opens 37th and final WCC season seeking 50th consecutive win over Pepperdine
BUSINESS
US stocks slip as tech loses steam in final week of 2025
Washington’s ‘constantly squeezed’ dairy farms find cheer in eggnog
US economy to ride tax cut tailwind but faces risks
UPDATED
:
  The American dream now costs $5 million. Here's a breakdown.
SPORTS
Gonzaga rewind: Plenty of rest, but no rust for seventh-ranked Zags in WCC rout of Pepperdine

Updated 6:08 p.m.

'They'll be riding high.' No. 7 Gonzaga keeping its guard up entering road test against surging San Diego
Key matchup: Quick guard Ty-Laur Johnson pacing San Diego in offensive, defensive categories
Zags Insiders Podcast: On Tyon Grant-Foster and who is Gonzaga's best NBA prospect?

Explore:

 WSU Football Gonzaga Basketball Gonzaga Women's Basketball
PACIFIC NORTHWEST
Oil spill at Grant County dam prompts cleanup, scrutiny of past spills
Ground beef recalled in Washington, Idaho after testing finds E. coli
Oregon governor, U.S. senators oppose possible transport of liquid radioactive waste through Oregon
Protection sought for pink flower found only on windy cliffs north of Tri-Cities

Explore:

 Washington Idaho
SPONSORED
Why Pacific Northwest farmers depend on Snake River dams
A fresh start: One Spokane woman’s journey to a new life
Will we have a white Christmas? Even if it doesn’t snow, it can be
Avoid falling for a scam call, text, or email
Morning Review Podcast

The Morning Review podcast is your first look at the headlines in today’s paper. All the news, weather and sports you need to start your day.

PHOTO GALLERIES

The Spokesman-Review's award-winning photojournalists have been covering the Inland Northwest since 1894.

VIEW ALL:

Galleries
Videos
Picture Stories
Then & Now
NATION/WORLD
Texas awarded more rural health funds than any other state, federal government announces

Updated 9:21 p.m.

UPDATED
:
  Last bastion for cheap beef fades in latest affordability threat
UPDATED
:
  U.S. hit drug boat loading facility in Venezuela, Trump says
Florida executed 19 death row inmates in 2025. That caused unusual national uptick

Explore:

 Nation World
EDUCATION
In her own holiday tradition, 12-year-old high schooler busks for tips to donate to local organizations
WSU researchers, including 'Dr. Christmas Tree,' are chipping in on a multi-million dollar project to develop the ideal Christmas tree
A couple in northeast Washington spent 30 years restoring a neglected tree farm. Last month, they donated it for research
Medical Lake School District earns $3.5 million federal grant for more school psychologists
A&E
Beyoncé becomes a billionaire, 5th artist to reach milestone
Even 'Avatar: Fire and Ash' can't lift 2025 box office out of pandemic-crisis doldrums
UPDATED
:
  Jonas Brothers on hosting a New Year's Eve concert, plus 5 other ways to ring in 2026
Local theaters collaborate on 1920s-themed New Year's Eve celebration event

Explore:

 Stage Music Books
GOVERNMENT
Gov. Ferguson requests $11 million for design of new Spokane Veterans home
Rank-and-file House members are going around leaders to force votes at unprecedented rate. What does that mean for Congress in 2026?
Governor proposes $13 million in Capitol security improvements following October break in
Governor proposes $800 million in cuts as part of budget proposal
TRANSPORTATION
Winter weather in northeastern U.S. leads to thousands of flight delays, cancellations
Ferguson proposes $2.1 billion 'first step' to improve aging, neglected infrastructure
Headed West for the holidays? Expect snow, rain, road closures after historic atmospheric river in 'a pretty sensitive area'
Speeders in Spokane Valley school zones about to be caught and ticketed by cameras
OUTDOORS
Outdoor writing contest first place: Beautiful dead things
Outdoor writing contest runner-up: When she falls
Outdoor writing contest runner-up: Clear as dust
Ammi Midstokke: Same trail, different day
WEATHER
Blizzard warnings active as snowstorm barrels across northern U.S.
Southern California's wild weather is not over. Wind gusts of up to 65 mph predicted
Kentucky counties along river experience 3.1 magnitude earthquake Sunday
Winter weather in northeastern U.S. leads to thousands of flight delays, cancellations
LIFE
Crescent memories (Part 5): Readers share memories of the downtown department store
Crescent memories (Part 4): Readers share memories of the downtown department store
How pets healed us this year
Braver Angels trains Washington residents to bridge political divide
PUBLIC SAFETY
Lincoln statue in downtown Spokane again vandalized with red paint

Updated 6:07 p.m.

Two die in collision north of Liberty Lake
'It's a shock': Wallace residents, employees recall downtown shooting that led to 'shaking' windows, 'cops everywhere' and general confusion
Three shot, including officer, before gunman killed by law enforcement in Shoshone County
SCIENCE & TECH
Dinosaurs discovered in 2025 that surprised paleontologists
Gmail to let users change their addresses while keeping data
Cool Critters: The house finch – from Hollywood celebrity to backyard fixture
A year of grace remaining, Spokane pivots on its energy generating trash incinerator
NORTHWEST PASSAGES BOOK CLUB
MOST RECENT STORY:
Northwest Passages: ‘Cozy fantasy’ author Travis Baldree found success by mixing in personal experiences
UPCOMING EVENTS:
Deadline for SBV Submissions Jan 5 on Monday, January 05, 2026
Newspapers in the Movies on Wednesday, January 14, 2026
Spokane Black Voices 2026 on Tuesday, February 03, 2026
Evelyn in Transit by David Guterson, in conversation with Jess Walter on Thursday, February 05, 2026
PUZZLES AND GAMES
Thomas Joseph Crossword
Classic Sudoku
Word Sleuth
COLUMNISTS
This day in history: Remodeling scheduled at Fairchild. ‘Soft drink’ establishments push back against Hedger recall amid Prohibition
Comma Connects: The community response to the new nonprofit newspaper model is overwhelming
This day in history: Rathdrum Prairie construction continues despite moratorium for contaminated drinking water
This day in history: The biggest story of the year would end up coming full circle today
LONG READS
VA staff flag dangerous errors ahead of new health records expansion
Fort Colvile: Washington’s once-prolific 200-year-old fur trading post you may have never even heard of
Today’s Front Page
Classifieds

Death notice

Death notice

Death notice

Death notice

Death notice

IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF SPOKANE SUMMONS BY PUBLICATION – GUARDIANSHIP

IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF SPOKANE SUMMONS BY PUBLICATION – GUARDIANSHIP 1. STATE OF WASHINGTON TO WHOM IT MAY …

Place an ad

Advertise with us

Reach 60% of the Market: The Spokesman puts your business in front of 6 out of 10 consumers every month.

55% of our audience is age 35-64

57% of our audience are Homeowners

58% of our audience have a HHI over $50,000

Spokesman.com delivers over 4.54M monthly Pageviews

1.62M Monthly Unique Visitors browse our online platforms.

Spokesman Digital delivers top notch digital advertising, website development and SEO optimization services with creativity, precision, and results-driven strategies that elevate your online presence. They have a deep understanding of the industry and provide exceptional service and that is why I highly recommend them!
« Amber Halverson, Sr. VP »

Whatever success I have had with social media, print and broadcast media are still the best value for my advertising dollar. Running print and digital ads in The Spokesman-Review gets me a positive return every time. Whether it was for Spokane Poetry Slam, Harmony Yoga, or other businesses or non-profits I've worked with, the marketing team at the Spokesman understands their readers and knows how to place those ads where the people who see them are the ones who want what I'm promoting.
« Isaac Grambo, former Commissioner of Spokane Poetry Slam, current Business Manager at Harmony Yoga »

Spokesman Digital has been an important ingredient to our digital marketing. Analyn and Hunter have been “top-notch” in managing our account and our dynamic requirements. Their team is knowledgeable, responsive, and accommodating to our unique advertising needs. I give “Five Stars” for the Spokesman Digital team.
« Tonya Yeager, Sales & Lending Coordinator »

Print and digital ads from The Spokesman-Review really made a measurable difference in our business! We increased December sales 40 percent from the previous December when we didn't work with the Spokesman. The marketing staff makes it easy and the coverage provided by having ads in both print and digital puts our name in front of eyes we would never reach with social media or word-of-mouth alone.
« Isaac Grambo, Business Manager, Harmony Yoga »

I would like to express my gratitude on how well the ads in The Spokesman-Review worked for the Eastern Washington University hockey team in spreading the news not only for the Pac-8 league/tournament games this hockey season but for getting information out to the public about EWU having a hockey team/program. I can't count how many times I've been told "I didn't know EWU had a hockey team" when the topic came around about hockey in the area. The ads were very professional-looking, eye-catching in the sports page and I couldn't be any more pleased with how the ads came out. The ads did exactly what I wanted them to do, let people know about EWU having a hockey team and game schedule, worked perfectly and I would highly recommend placing an ad in the paper.
« Gary Allen, EWU Club Hockey »

Advertise with us now

Follow Us

 Facebook
Instagram
 TikTok
 X
 Newsletter

Support Local Journalism

Donate
Visit the S-R Shop
Buy Photo Reprints

Subscribe

Print edition home delivery
Newspaper Routes Available

Help

Customer Care
Sitemap
Directory
Subscription Services

User

Subscribe
My Account

Advertising

Spokesman Digital
Print & Digital Advertising
Classifieds
Obituaries

More

Masthead
Staff
Cowles Company Jobs
Newsroom Jobs at The Spokesman-Review
Archives/Research
RSS Feeds
Jumble
Crossword
Horoscopes

Contact Us

Downtown Spokane
999 W Riverside Ave
Spokane, WA 99201
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 2160
Spokane, WA 99210
Customer Care:
(509) 747-4422
Newsroom:
(509) 459-5400

© Copyright 2025, The Spokesman-Review | Community Guidelines | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright Policy

 