Scoreboard Data | Genius Sports Scoreboard Data Solutions Connect accurate, real-time data direct from any scoreboard to your applications with our suite of scoreboard solutions powered by Sportzcast. S p o r t z c a s t U s e r L o g i n S p o r t z c a s t U s e r L o g i n 200 200 200 Scoreboard types 350 350 350 Unique data fields 11000 11000 11000 Venues connected ScoreLink+ overview With built-in Wi-Fi and an LED status display panel, ScoreLink+ is the perfect solution for on-the-go productions. It connects to any scoreboard type and has cloud or local network connectivity – making your data instantly available any way you need it.
ScoreLink+ has numerous built-in connection options, including the ability to switch between 200+ scoreboard types on the fly. Find out more about ScoreLink+ Simplify Production Make Your Data Accessible Power Third-Party Tools With built-in Wi-Fi and an LED status display panel, ScoreLink+ is the perfect solution for on-the-go productions. It connects to any scoreboard type and has cloud or local network connectivity – making your data instantly available any way you need it.
ScoreLink+ has numerous built-in connection options, including the ability to switch between 200+ scoreboard types on the fly. Find out more about ScoreLink+ Need support? Our support desk are on hand and available during the following times. Monday to Thursday 9 am to 6 pm EST. 
Friday 9 am to 10 pm EST. 
Saturday: 10 am to 7 pm EST. Please reach out via phone, email or view our support documentation. By phone By email View our support documentation Our support desk are on hand and available during the following times. Monday to Thursday 9 am to 6 pm EST. 
Friday 9 am to 10 pm EST. 
Saturday: 10 am to 7 pm EST. Please reach out via phone, email or view our support documentation. Discover the future of play With accurate, real-time data direct from any scoreboard. Stopwatches to AI: The evolution of sports tracking technology Why advertisers are seizing the growth of women's sports What's new in AI, live streaming and media technology Products Perform Engage Bet GeniusIQ Data Capture Sports Data API Solutions Teams & Leagues Sportsbooks Brands Content Owners Customers Learn Content Hub Newsroom Podcast Company About Careers Contact For Investors Modern Slavery Transparency Statement 2024-2025 Legal © 2025 Genius Sports Group. All rights reserved. Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Information