Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date | Sports-Reference.com Sports Reference ® Baseball Football (college) Basketball (college) Hockey Soccer Blog Stathead ® Immaculate Grid ® Questions or Comments? Welcome · Your Account Logout Ad-Free Login Create Account MENU Baseball Basketball NFL Hockey CFB CBB Soccer Stathead Immaculate Grid Blog Full Site Menu Below You are here: SR Home Page > Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date Welcome · Your Account Logout Ad-Free Login Create Account Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date We democratize data, so our users enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love. We are hiring for our Summer 2026 Internship Program! See our internships page for details and information on what it's like working for Sports Reference. Stathead Are you a Stathead? Then you've come to the right place. Stathead subscribers gain access to a suite of tools used by the pros. Search the best (or the worst) seasons, games, splits and more by players and teams throughout history. Any time you see an incredible stat mentioned on a broadcast, in an article or in social media, there's an excellent chance it came from Stathead. Every subscription also comes with ad-free browsing on our site for that sport so you get the smoothest browsing experience. Stathead Baseball , Stathead Football , Stathead Hockey , Stathead FBref and Stathead Basketball are live now, with more tools planned for the future. You can also sign up for our free newsletters to stay up on the latest scores, stats and news in your favorite sports. Baseball-Reference.com The premier online database for the history of Major League Baseball. Pages for every season , team , player , league and manager in major league history. Every AL, NL and Federal League box score since 1901. Every line of play-by-play since 1969. Also includes sections for minor, foreign, independent and college baseball leagues . Updated daily. Basketball-Reference.com The leading online encyclopedia for NBA & WNBA history. Pages for every season , team , player , coach and draft in NBA/BAA/ABA & WNBA history. Every box score in NBA/BAA/ABA & WNBA history. Play-by-play for the NBA since 1996-97 and the WNBA since the start of the league in 1997. Every buzzer-beater in NBA/BAA/ABA history. Includes G-League , NBL , Olympics and foreign professional leagues . Updated daily. Pro-Football-Reference.com The preeminent website detailing the full statistical history of the NFL (including the APFA, AAFC and AFL). Pages for every season , team , player , coach and draft . Line scores for every game detailing every score in history, box scores with passing/rushing/receiving stats since 1933 and play-by-play since 1978. Updated the morning after every NFL game. Hockey-Reference.com The best online database for NHL statistical history. Pages for every season , team , player , coach and draft in NHL history. Every box score in NHL history. Also includes coverage of the WHA. Updated daily. College Football @ Sports-Reference.com College Football game results for every major school back to Princeton vs Rutgers in 1869. FBS player Stats back to 1956, or earlier. Every FBS box score since 1995. The site also includes sections for coaches , awards , leaders , and bowl games . College Basketball @ Sports-Reference.com Men's and Women's College Basketball Stats. Men's box scores available back to 2010-11 and major school results since 1949-50. Women's season stats for players, teams and opponents complete for all of NCAA history (since 1981-82), with full schedules/results for all of NCAA history (since 1981-82) and box scores complete back to 2002-03. Box scores for every NCAA Tournament game all-time (Men's and Women's). Player Stats from Stephen Curry to Bill Walton, Caitlin Clark to Sheryl Swoopes. Stats for schools and conferences . Sections for coaches , awards , leaders , and the postseason . FBref.com Comprehensive website for football/soccer statistics from all over the world. Statistics, scores and history for over 100,000 players from over 100 competitions , including men's, women's, club and national teams. Expected Goals and other advanced stats from Opta for dozens of competitions dating back to 2017. Updated daily. Immaculate Grid Put your sports knowledge to the test with our daily sports trivia game. Now available for Baseball , Men's Basketball , Women's Basketball , Football , Hockey , World Footy , and English Footy . Can you complete the grid? For Your Reference Podcast A podcast brought to you by the makers of your favorite sports websites including Baseball Reference, Basketball Reference, Pro Football Reference, FBRef, Hockey Reference and more! Subscribe on Spotify , Apple Podcasts ,
  or Google Podcasts . Sports Reference Shop Wear the colors of your favorite Sports Reference site. All proceeds will be donated to support youth sports. About Sports Reference Our Core Purpose: We democratize data, so our users enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love. Our Values: We strive to work with respect, reliability with oomph, and craftsmanship, and also to promote the democratization of sports data. Read about our history and our team Sean Forman, President of Sports Reference, answers his most frequently asked questions Work at Sports Reference: We are a profitable, bootstrapped, remote-first company that offers competitive salaries and outstanding benefits. (More) Our Corporate Sponsorships include: Resources Sports Reference Blog : All of the latest news and announcements for the Sports Reference sites. Sports Reference Social Media : How you can follow us on a variety of social media platforms. Sports Reference Linker Program : Do you have a blog? Use the linker bookmarklet to automatically link all of the players mentioned in your article. Available for Baseball , Basketball , Football , Hockey , and FBref . Notable Press Mentions Caitlin Clark Swept the Entire Nation in Basketball Reference Player Views SI - Women's Fastbreak, December 11, 2024 At Baseball-Reference, WAR gets a long-awaited leadoff spot The Athletic, November 7, 2024 Weird & Wild MLB highlights of the month: Game of the Year, a first-inning first, and more The Athletic, September 13, 2024 11 Goofiest NBA Nicknames on Basketball Reference, and the Story Behind Them All SI, August 19, 2024 Museum Head: Baseball's Embrace Of Negro Leagues Is An Atonement, Not A Validation NPR, June 18, 2021 Baseball Reference Adds Negro Leagues Statistics, Rewriting Its Record Book NYT, June 15, 2021 60 Moments: No. 50, Baseball-Reference changes everything The Athletic, May 8, 2020 Baseball-Reference at 20: After spawning a 1B page-view business, what’s next for the website of record? The Athletic, January 2, 2020 From a Church in Philadelphia, Sports Reference Informs the World NYT, February 13, 2019 How a math professor created the information center of the sports world WTOP, March 1, 2018 Seamheads, Rejoice Baseball-Reference.com is the ultimate online statistical source for fans with a sense of history Sports Illustrated, December 16, 2002 More Notable Press Podcast Appearances Immaculate Grid Livestream w/ Adam Darowski Ordinary Effort, March 19, 2025 Schrödinger’s Catcher with Kenny Jackelen Effectively Wild, August 2, 2024 NWSL Transactions, WSL Derbies, and Sean Forman of FBRef! Expected Own Goals, December 19, 2023 Sports-Reference founder Sean Forman joins the pod Scuffed | USMNT, World Cup, Yanks Abroad, Futbol in America, December 13, 2023 Soccer Data with Sean Forman The Double Pivot, December 12, 2023 Adam Darowski: Behind the Sports Reference Curtain SABRcast with Rob Neyer, July 17, 2023 Talking the numbers game with Sports Reference president Sean Forman Blue Ribbon College Basketball Podcast, February 23, 2023 Talking Stathead with Adam Darowski! OOTP Now, September 9, 2022 Kings of football data: Alex Bonilla of Pro Football Reference gives us the story behind the stats APBA Football Club, September 8, 2022 More Podcast Appearances Media and Engagements Welcome · Your Account Logout Ad-Free Login Create Account You are here: SR Home Page > Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date Full Site Menu Return to Top Your Feedback or Questions Participate In Sports Reference Research Studies , Contact Information About Sports Reference Meet Sean Forman , Notable Press , Podcast Appearances , Media and Engagements , Corporate Sponsorships Jobs at Sports Reference Internships at Sports Reference Acceptable Use of Sports Reference Data Terms of Use , Privacy Policy Resources Sports Reference Blog , Sports Reference Social Media , Automatically Link Your Blogs to SR Player Pages , How to Share Sports Reference Data Advertising and Partnerships Frivolities: The Sports Equinox We're Social...for Statheads Site Last Updated: Monday, December 29,  4:45PM Question, Comment, Feedback, or Correction? Subscribe to our Free Email Newsletter Do you have a sports website? Or write about sports? We have tools and resources that can help you use sports data.  Find out more. FAQs, Tip & Tricks Tips and Tricks from our Blog. Do you have a blog? Join our linker program. Watch our How-To Videos to Become a Stathead Subscribe to Stathead and get access to more data than you can imagine All logos are the trademark & property of their owners and not Sports Reference LLC.  We present them here for purely educational purposes. Our reasoning for presenting offensive logos. Logos were compiled by the amazing SportsLogos.net. Copyright © 2000-2025 Sports Reference LLC . All rights reserved. The SPORTS REFERENCE, STATHEAD, IMMACULATE GRID, and IMMACULATE FOOTY trademarks are owned exclusively by Sports Reference LLC. Use without license or authorization is expressly prohibited. Sports Reference ® Baseball Football (college) Basketball (college) Hockey Soccer Blog Stathead ® Immaculate Grid ® About • Conditions & Terms of Service • Advertise With Us • Jobs at SR • Sports-Reference.com T-Shirts & Store • Cookie Preferences Sports Reference Purpose: We will be the trusted source of information and tools that inspire and empower users to enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love. Privacy Policy • Gambling Revenue Policy • Accessibility Policy • Use of Data