Sportico.com – The Business of Sports Skip to main content Plus Icon Click to Expand Search Input Search for: Newsletters Sportico Log In Subscribe Account Manage Account Log Out Plus Icon Click to expand the Mega Menu Business Leagues Finance Law Media Valuations Tech Personalities Events Plus Icon Click to expand the Mega Menu Menu Sportico Plus Icon Click to Expand Search Input Search for: Log In Subscribe Account Manage Account Log Out Exclusive Leagues Bloom or Bust: Inside the UCLA-Elevate Ticketing Agreement Elevate has agreed to pay UCLA $4 million up front as part of a five-year ticketing revenue-share arrangement that grants the company a commission fee of… By Daniel Libit Analysis Patriots’ Stefon Diggs Subject to Felony Charge, NFL Conduct Policy By Michael McCann Coaches NFL Highest-Paid Coaches 2025: Andy Reid Leads at $20M/Year By Kurt Badenhausen Trending Heisman Runner-Up Pavia Seeks Court Order to Keep Playing By Michael McCann Whittingham's Michigan Gig May Cost Grandkids Free Utah Tuition By Daniel Libit Tennis Prize Money Tracker: Which Player Has Earned the Most in 2025? By Lev Akabas Pop-Tarts Bowl Organizer Doubles Revenue for Non-Viral Reasons By Eben Novy-Williams College Sports Whittingham's Michigan Gig May Cost Grandkids Free Utah Tuition News The Predator in the Church Basement Sporticast Sporticast 514: The Flu Is Coming for NFL, NCAA Playoff Teams Sportico Sign Up For Our Newsletters Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. By The Numbers Read The Story Podcasts Latest News Patriots’ Stefon Diggs Subject to Felony Charge, NFL Conduct Policy New England Patriots star wide receiver Stefon Diggs is facing a felony strangulation charge in Massachusetts after a recent disagreement with his personal chef about… By Michael McCann Analysis Dec 30, 2025 6:32 pm Sporticast 514: The Flu Is Coming for NFL, NCAA Playoff Teams On the latest Sporticast episode, hosts Scott Soshnick and Eben Novy-Williams discuss the topic on the minds of many fans in the U.S. this holiday season: the flu. They… By Eben Novy-Williams , Scott Soshnick Sporticast Dec 30, 2025 5:55 am Exclusive Bloom or Bust: Inside the UCLA-Elevate Ticketing Agreement Elevate has agreed to pay UCLA $4 million up front as part of a five-year ticketing revenue-share arrangement that grants the company a commission fee of 5% on the… By Daniel Libit College Sports Dec 30, 2025 12:01 am Tiger Woods Turns 50 With Career Earnings of $2 Billion Injuries have limited Tiger Woods to just 13 PGA Tour events and $212,000 in total prize money during the past six years, with a top finish of 38th at the 2020 Masters… By Kurt Badenhausen Athletes Dec 30, 2025 12:01 am Whittingham’s Michigan Gig May Cost Grandkids Free Utah Tuition Kyle Whittingham’s decision to coach at the University of Michigan comes with significant financial incentives for the 66-year-old—and, presumably, his heirs.




	The… By Daniel Libit College Sports Dec 29, 2025 11:54 am 2025 Sports Law in Review: Pro Sports Controversies In the first part of our two-part sports law review from 2025, here are scouting reports on five major controversies involving pro sports.




	1) Kawhi Leonard NBA… By Michael McCann Analysis Dec 29, 2025 9:00 am Newsletter Sign Up Breaking News Stay up-to-date as industry news breaks around the world. The Kicker A wide-ranging look at the most impactful sports business news of the day The Morning Lead Heisman Runner-Up Pavia Seeks Court Order to Keep Playing As he and the Vanderbilt Commodores prepare to play the Iowa Hawkeyes in Wednesday’s ReliaQuest Bowl, quarterback Diego Pavia and 26 other former JUCO football players… By Michael McCann Analysis Dec 27, 2025 3:14 pm Pop-Tarts Bowl Organizer Doubles Revenue for Non-Viral Reasons The Pop-Tarts Bowl has successfully navigated a thin line between viral marketing and gratuitous gimmick in recent years, providing a sprinkle-laden counterexample to… By Eben Novy-Williams Football Dec 27, 2025 8:00 am Damon Wilson II Sues Georgia as NIL Legal Dispute Escalates In the wake of the University of Georgia Athletic Association (UGAA) recently suing him for $390,000 over a breached NIL deal, Missouri defensive end Damon Wilson II—who… By Michael McCann Analysis Dec 26, 2025 11:40 am Spotlight: Sportico Features The Predator in the Church Basement October 17, 2025 NBA Team Values 2025: Warriors Lead at $11.33B, Average Hits $5.5B October 16, 2025 NHL Team Values 2025: Maple Leafs Lead, Average Hits $2.1 Billion October 1, 2025 NFL Team Values 2025: Cowboys Rule as 3 Clubs Top $10 Billion August 13, 2025 Tennis Prize Money Tracker: Which Player Has Earned the Most in 2025? Carlos Alcaraz is the leader in tennis prize money earned this season with $21.36 million in on-court earnings. The Spaniard made $5 million for winning the 2025 U.S… By Lev Akabas Tennis Dec 26, 2025 10:40 am 2025 Sports Team Values: WNBA, F1 Soar, While MLB, MLS Lag Sports team investments have received outsized attention in recent years, with dozens of new funds chasing market-beating returns in a category that is not correlated… By Kurt Badenhausen Finance Dec 26, 2025 9:00 am Sporticast 513: Chiefs Find $1.8 Billion Subsidy Under Christmas Tree On the latest Sporticast episode, hosts Scott Soshnick and Eben Novy-Williams discuss some of the biggest sports business stories of the week, including the Kansas City… By Eben Novy-Williams , Scott Soshnick Sporticast Dec 25, 2025 6:00 am Read More Stories Sign Up More From Our Brands Variety Canal+ and Warner Bros. Discovery Strike New International Agreement, Including HBO Max Expansion Rolling Stone Liam Gallagher Teases 2026 Oasis Activity Despite Shutting Down Prior Rumors RobbReport A New Destination Brings Aspen to Another Level Billboard Addison Rae Just Played Her First Festival Sportico About Us Accessibility Advertise Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights AdChoices Privacy Preferences Your Privacy Choices Sitemap Business Law Leagues Personalities Valuations Subscriptions Log In Contact Us Connect with Us Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks Icon Link Instagram Icon Link Instagram Icon Link Instagram Icon Link Instagram Have a Tip? We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Send Us a Tip Sign Up Stay in the Know Sign up for our daily newsletter Enter your email Sign Up Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Icon Link Plus Icon Sportico is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Sportico Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP optional screen reader Our Sites Art in America Artforum ARTnews Billboard BlogHer Deadline Flow Space Footwear News Gold Derby IndieWire Robb Report Rolling Stone SheKnows Soaps Sourcing Journal Sportico StyleCaster The Hollywood Reporter Variety Vibe WWD Sportico Search for: Log In Subscribe Account Expand the sub menu Manage Account Log Out Close the menu Leagues Expand the sub menu Baseball Basketball Boxing College Sports Football Golf Hockey Motorsports Other Sports Soccer Tennis Business Expand the sub menu Commerce Finance Media Real Estate Sales Sponsorship Sports Sports Betting Team Sales Tech Video Law Expand the sub menu Analysis News Personalities Expand the sub menu Agents Athletes Executives Owners People Valuations Expand the sub menu Teams Podcasts Expand the sub menu La Previa Sporticast Events Expand the sub menu Subscribe to Sportico Follow Us Alerts & Newsletters Your Email Sign Up Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. About Us Advertise Careers Icon Link Plus Icon Sportico is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Sportico Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. ad