Skip To Main Content
Skip to Secondary Navigation

Boxing Day Event on Now - Featured Deals Up to 60% Off*

 Shop Now

Credit Offered* Learn More 

Find Your True Fit
Support
Email Sign Up
Order Status
Access Triangle Rewards® 
Sign In

Collect or redeem CT Money®

Sign In
Don’t have a Triangle Rewards account?Join Now
Your preferred store is SC TERRACE - SKEENA MALL, currently Closed, Opens at at 9:30 a.m. click to change store
SC TERRACE - SKEENA MALL
Closed⋅ Opens at 9:30 a.m.
Search
Women
Men
Kids
Footwear
Sports
Activities & Equipment
Outdoor
Fan Shop
Bags & Accessories
Sale & Clearance
Brands
Trending Searches
Winter Boots
YETI
Nike
New Balance
HOKA
adidas
Running Shoes
Basketball Shoes
Shop Full Priced Items Shop Featured Deals






Shop Featured Categories
Women's
Men's
Kids
Puffer Jackets
Parkas
Winter Boots
Nike Air Force 1
adidas Samba
UGG
Crocs
Woods ICEFX® Boots
HOKA
Shop fitness essentials
Athletic Shoes
Activewear
Hydration & Water Bottles
‌



Gear Up for Puck Drop

Celebrate every game with official hockey merch from BAUER.

Shop Now



Crocs 25% off
Shop Now
Select Saucony Shoes 25% off
Shop Now
Merrell 25% off
Shop Now
Men's & Women's Keen Footwear 20% Off
Shop Now
SuperDeker Pro 2 Panel with App
Shop Now
Ripzone Ski & Snowboard Bags 40% off
Shop Now
Dumbbells & Kettlebells 40% off
Shop Now
Howies 25% off
Shop Now

Shop with a Ski/Snowboard Expert

Book a free one-on-one shopping experience with a ski and snowboard gear expert to help you get outfitted with everything you need to hit the slopes this winter.

Shop Now
Sign in to view your personalized offers
Sign In

Don’t have a Triangle ID or Triangle Rewards® Card?

 Join Now
Customer Support
Order Status
Pickup & Online Delivery
Service Shop
Returns & Exchanges
Help & FAQs
Store Locator
Gift Cards
Contact Us
Product Recalls
Cookie Settings
Our Partners
Canadian Tire
Atmosphere
Mark's
Helly Hansen
Triangle
PartSource
Pro Hockey Life
Sports Experts
Trio Hockey
Our Banners
About Us
About Sport Chek
Our Brands
Join the Sport Chek Team!
About Triangle ID
Sustainability
Jumpstart
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
Accessibility
Pricing Policy
Return Policy
Join Our Email Community
Get 10% off* your first purchase plus more subscriber benefits.
Sign up
Download the Triangle App
Scan the QR code to access personalized weekly offers.
Learn More

© Copyright 2025. Canadian Tire. All rights reserved. 

Legal Disclaimer


**Online prices and sale effective dates may differ from those in-store and may vary by region. Selection and availability may vary by location. 
± Was price reflects the last national regular price this product was sold for.
‡ Not all clearance priced items and price points available at all locations. Selection may vary by location.
†The Triangle Rewards Program is owned and operated by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited. Triangle™ Mastercard®, Triangle™ World Mastercard® and Triangle™ World Elite Mastercard® are issued by Canadian Tire Bank. Rewards are in the form of electronic Canadian Tire Money® (CT Money®). To collect bonus CT Money you must present a Triangle Rewards card/key fob, or use any approved Cardless method, at time of purchase or pay with a Triangle credit card. You cannot collect paper Canadian Tire Money on bonus offers. Any bonus multiplier is based on the base rate of collecting CT Money (0.4%), and will be added to whatever the Member would otherwise collect, without the bonus. Example: On a $100 (pre-tax) purchase with a 20X bonus multiplier a Member would earn a bonus $8 in CT Money (20 X .4% X $100). The 30X for Triangle Mastercard, World Mastercard and World Elite Mastercard customers consists of the 10X everyday plus the 20X bonus.  Not all items sold are eligible to earn CT Money or to be redeemed for. Conditions apply. Visit Triangle Rewards: Sign Up & Earn Today for full program rules and Partner location information. The offered rate is exclusive of any bonus or promotional offers or redemption transactions. CT Money is collected on the pre-tax amount of the purchase. Bonus CT Money collected from online orders will be applied to the Member’s Triangle Rewards Account within five weeks of the purchase date. No rainchecks.
*Financing available is “Equal payments, no interest” for 24 months (unless otherwise stated) and is only available on request, on approved credit and on purchases of $150 (unless otherwise stated) or more (Gift Cards excluded) made with your Triangle credit card at Canadian Tire, Sport Chek, Mark’s, L’Équipeur, Atmosphere, Sports Rousseau, Hockey Experts, L’Entrepôt du Hockey and participating Sports Experts. Interest does not accrue during the period of the plan. However, if we do not receive the full minimum due on a statement within 59 days of the date of that statement, or any event of default (other than a payment default) occurs under your Cardmember Agreement, all special payment plans on your account will terminate and (i) you will then be charged interest on the balances outstanding on such plans at the applicable regular annual rate from the day after the date of your next statement, and (ii) the balances outstanding will form part of the balance due on that statement. There is no administration fee charged for entering into a special payments plan. Each month during an equal payments plan you are required to pay in full by the due date that month’s equal payments plan instalment.  Any unpaid portion not received by the due date will no longer form part of the equal payments plan and interest will accrue on that amount from the day after the date of your next statement at the applicable regular annual rate. Offer subject to change without notice.
Additional information for residents of Quebec only: The regular annual rate for persons applying for the Triangle Mastercard and the Triangle World Elite Mastercard is 22.99% for cash transactions and related fees and 21.99% for all other charges. Some applicants may receive a higher or lower regular annual rate depending on a credit evaluation. The minimum payment is the sum of (a) the greater of: (i) interest and fees shown on your statement + $10; or (ii) 5% of the New Balance, excluding amounts on special payment plans, (b) any balance over your credit limit, (c) any amounts past due not included in (b) above, and (d) the amount of any equal payments plan instalments then due. Balances under $10 are due in full. For residents of Quebec, the period between the statement date and the due date for payment is 26 days. The billing period covered by each statement can be from 28-33 days. The Triangle Mastercard and the Triangle World Elite Mastercard do not have an annual fee. Examples of borrowing costs (rounded to the nearest cent) assuming that all charges are purchases bearing interest at the regular annual rate of 21.99%, a 30 day month, no charges made on special payment plans and no other fees, additional payments or other changes are:



If your average balance is:

	

Total monthly credit charges will be:




$100

	

$1.81




$500

	

$9.04




$1000

	

$18.07




$2000

	

$36.15

®/™ Atmosphere & Sport Chek are registered trademarks of FGL Sports Ltd.
®/™ Unless otherwise noted, all trademarks are owned by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and are used under licence.
®/™ Mastercard, World Mastercard and World Elite are registered trademarks, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.

 

Feedback