Sports Social Casino in the USA — Sportzino Login + BLOG TERMS & CONDITIONS PLAYER SAFETY ABOUT FAQ & SUPPORT Sports Casino Live Casino Promotions Login SIGN UP FREE TO PLAY SOCIAL SPORTSBOOK AND CASINO Get your welcome bonus 250,000 GC + 12.00 SC PLAY NOW! *No purchase necessary Hottest Games See All PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW PLAY NOW Game Providers Join Sportzino! Social Sportsbook and Casino Play for Free Now! No purchase necessary. Win big! PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT SC LET'S PLAY! Many of our exciting slots gives you a chance to hit a progressive jackpot 
            and win thousands of Sweeps Coins - take them for a spin today! Top Events See All Live See All GET A WELCOME BONUS! 250K GC + 12 SC Sign up now and play for free! Join Sportzino today to claim a free welcome bonus and redeem directly to your bank account! CLAIM YOUR BONUS NEW GAMES WEEKLY NEW GAMES WEEKLY Play 1,000+ best slots and casino games with exciting new titles added every week. FAST REDEMPTION FAST REDEMPTION Enjoy quick and reliable prize redemptions with no waiting time or complications. SPORT PREDICTIONS SPORT PREDICTIONS Make free predictions on major leagues, e-sports, and virtual sports — all-in-Sportzino! SAFE & SECURE SAFE & SECURE Your account and gameplay are protected with advanced security and fair play systems. VIP LEAGUE VIP LEAGUE Join our VIP League to unlock unstoppable bonuses and special perks! 24/7 SUPPORT 24/7 SUPPORT Get friendly, professional help anytime — our support team is always here for you. RESPONSIBLE GAMING RESPONSIBLE GAMING Play smart and stay in control with tools and policies that promote healthy gaming habits. Gold Coins Sweeps Coins What are Gold Coins? Think of Gold Coins (GC) as your practice arena. Crank up free spins, stress-test hot slots, and run fearless predictions in social sportsbook mode—all purely for fun. GC lets you experiment, dial in your style, and keep the Sportzino action rolling. What are Sweeps Coins? Playing with Sweeps Coins (SC) gives you the chance to redeem real prizes. Enjoy your favorite slots, make sports picks, collect your winnings, and redeem them straight to your bank account. Testimonials Sportzino is the ultimate social casino. They've got the best games, fast redemptions, friendly staff and the best bonuses! Grace Scott My new favorite social casino! I love the variety of slots and daily bonus. They offer great deals on purchasing coins too! Sportzino.com is really one of the best. A L Sportzino is amazing! There are generous daily bonusesand lots of promotions. They have a wide selection of games to play. I highly recommend to everyone! Maddie For one of the newer online sweepstakes, Sportzino came out of the gate getting it right! Yes, they are absolutely and unequivocally legitimate! *They are affiliated with two other sites, and one is established so there's truly no question.* More importantly, their unique sports theme, game options and sports related attractions are one of a kind in this space. With a super responsive support team and FAST redemptions, what else does a sport' fanatic go? Jennifer B I enjoy playing on Sportzino. They pay out in a timely fashion. They also provide new games daily and 90% of the time I win. Thank you for always rewarding us with our daily login bonus. I would definitely recommend this site to my friends and family. Tanoue I play on this site every day and I absolutely love Sportzino. They always have great deals on GC packages. The daily bonuses are awesome! They are a 10 out of 10 in my book!! Jacquelyn S thank you! i was awarded a no deposit bonus and won 110 times that! the acct verification was approved quickly and so was my withdrawal! You Guys ROCK!!!! Tanya They have a huge selection of games to choose from. Customer service representatives are so friendly and very helpful. Plus they take your privacy and security of your information VERY SERIOUSLY. I love it. LocknKey Sportzino is the ultimate social casino. They've got the best games, fast redemptions, friendly staff and the best bonuses! Grace Scott My new favorite social casino! I love the variety of slots and daily bonus. They offer great deals on purchasing coins too! Sportzino.com is really one of the best. A L Sportzino is amazing! There are generous daily bonusesand lots of promotions. They have a wide selection of games to play. I highly recommend to everyone! Maddie For one of the newer online sweepstakes, Sportzino came out of the gate getting it right! Yes, they are absolutely and unequivocally legitimate! *They are affiliated with two other sites, and one is established so there's truly no question.* More importantly, their unique sports theme, game options and sports related attractions are one of a kind in this space. With a super responsive support team and FAST redemptions, what else does a sport' fanatic go? Jennifer B I enjoy playing on Sportzino. They pay out in a timely fashion. They also provide new games daily and 90% of the time I win. Thank you for always rewarding us with our daily login bonus. I would definitely recommend this site to my friends and family. Tanoue I play on this site every day and I absolutely love Sportzino. They always have great deals on GC packages. The daily bonuses are awesome! They are a 10 out of 10 in my book!! Jacquelyn S thank you! i was awarded a no deposit bonus and won 110 times that! the acct verification was approved quickly and so was my withdrawal! You Guys ROCK!!!! Tanya They have a huge selection of games to choose from. Customer service representatives are so friendly and very helpful. Plus they take your privacy and security of your information VERY SERIOUSLY. I love it. LocknKey Sportzino is the ultimate social casino. They've got the best games, fast redemptions, friendly staff and the best bonuses! Grace Scott My new favorite social casino! I love the variety of slots and daily bonus. They offer great deals on purchasing coins too! Sportzino.com is really one of the best. A L Sportzino is amazing! There are generous daily bonusesand lots of promotions. They have a wide selection of games to play. I highly recommend to everyone! Maddie For one of the newer online sweepstakes, Sportzino came out of the gate getting it right! Yes, they are absolutely and unequivocally legitimate! *They are affiliated with two other sites, and one is established so there's truly no question.* More importantly, their unique sports theme, game options and sports related attractions are one of a kind in this space. With a super responsive support team and FAST redemptions, what else does a sport' fanatic go? Jennifer B I enjoy playing on Sportzino. They pay out in a timely fashion. They also provide new games daily and 90% of the time I win. Thank you for always rewarding us with our daily login bonus. I would definitely recommend this site to my friends and family. Tanoue I play on this site every day and I absolutely love Sportzino. They always have great deals on GC packages. The daily bonuses are awesome! They are a 10 out of 10 in my book!! Jacquelyn S thank you! i was awarded a no deposit bonus and won 110 times that! the acct verification was approved quickly and so was my withdrawal! You Guys ROCK!!!! Tanya They have a huge selection of games to choose from. Customer service representatives are so friendly and very helpful. Plus they take your privacy and security of your information VERY SERIOUSLY. I love it. LocknKey Trustpilot DAILY COINS DAILY WINS Play for Free, Earn Sweeps Coins, Redeem What You Win. FREE JACKPOT GAMES SWEEPS SLOTS BIGGER GAMES BIGGER PRIZES From Kickoff to Final Buzzer - Call Your Shot, Claim Your Reward. LIVE PICKS E-SPORTS Sweepstakes Sport Casino and Social Sportsbook What is Sportzino? Sportzino is a free social gaming site with a sweepstakes element that allows players to make sports predictions and enjoy casino games for free. In our social sportsbooks section, you’ll find hundreds of markets for various sports. If you prefer sweeps slots , there are multiple titles to suit your play style. Essentially, we don’t require you to pay for your activities on our platform. Instead, you receive two types of coins for your gaming and prediction sessions. One of these is Gold Coins, which are strictly for entertainment purposes. Then we have Sweeps Coins, which are more valuable because they can be exchanged. Our platform stands out because of the various promotions you can claim for these free virtual currencies. You can always top-up your account by purchasing Gold Coins, which is optional. However, if you make purchases, you get Sweeps Coins as a bonus! Free Sports Odds Sportzino brings the excitement of live sports to your fingertips, allowing you to predict games as they unfold. Live sports odds are dynamic and change in real-time based on what's happening in the game. As the game unfolds, we update the odds so you can make informed predictions based on the latest developments. We also offer various in-play markets, from simple moneylines to specific outcomes like the total number of goals scored in the first half. To make things more interesting, there’s a live-streaming feature. So, not only do you predict these games, but you also watch them play out after making picks. Top Casino Games and Slots Sportzino isn't just about sports - we have a fantastic selection of sports and casino games to entertain you. Here’s a sneak peek into what’s available: Slots: There is an extensive collection of sweeps slots featuring games with various themes, paylines, and bonus features. Jackpot Games: free jackpot games offer the chance to land substantial gifts. These titles have a growing jackpot, which a lucky player can win randomly or by landing specific symbol combinations. Crash and Instant Slots: Our crash and instant games deliver quick rounds of excitement for those who like fast-paced action. Some engaging options include Lucky Card and Minefield. Free Sweeps Fish Games: If you’re looking for something different from sweeps slots, try out our exclusive fish games like Emily’s Treasure. These arcade-style games let you shoot various fish for awards. Exclusive Sports and Casino Promotions and Bonuses At Sportzino, we believe in rewarding our players. Here are some of the exciting promotions you can use to play sports and casino online games: Sign-up Bonus : Sign up and take advantage of a welcome bonus. This gives you enough Gold Coins and Sweeps Coins to kickstart your gaming journey. Daily Login Bonus : You get more free coins simply by logging in every day. It's a simple way to keep topping up your balance so you always have something to play with. Referral Bonus : Spread the word about our social sportsbook and casino, and when your friends sign up and make their first purchase, you'll both receive a bonus. VIP Casino Bonus : Our most dedicated players get extra perks. You'll climb our VIP ladder as you play, unlocking bigger bonuses, exclusive promotions, and personalized offers. Sportsbook Sportzino boasts a wide selection of online casino sports and competitions you can predict for free. This includes all the US major league sports, such as: National Basketball Association ( NBA odds ), National Football League ( NFL odds ), Major League Baseball ( MLB odds ), Major League Soccer ( MLS odds ), National Hockey League ( NHL odds ), plus over two dozen other popular sports worldwide. From tennis and soccer to baseball odds , our offerings are on par with what most traditional sportsbooks offer. Chip in the smooth and clean interface that lets you get to the selections quickly, and you have got yourself an enjoyable sportsbook that is social and easy to navigate. Our platform is perfectly adapted to every iOS or Android-powered device out there. As such, you can make sports predictions and play games even on smartphones and tablets. The same sophisticated interface and simple layout is what you’ll find when playing on mobile devices. So, even if you’re used to the desktop site, you’ll have no issues navigating the mobile platform. You can browse more than 100 markets on some of the most popular fixtures across the major league sports, including: Moneyline, Spreads, Over/under, Parlays, Props, Live predictions. The sports odds lines Sportzino offers are a stepping stone to our success. Whenever you play for Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins, you can count on competitive odds and lines that don’t deviate much from those in classic books. Sweepstakes Casinos in the U.S. Social sports predictions, like a social casino, are different from playing at regular sportsbooks. Sportzino gives away sweepstakes entries for Sweeps Coins, which players can use on sports and casino games for a chance to win additional Sweeps Coins. Here are how you can collect Sweeps Coins: Win Sweeps Coins as a free bonus when receiving Gold Coins. You will automatically grab hold of Sweeps Coins upon receiving Gold Coins through daily promotions, loyalty programs, and other promotional activities. Get Sweeps Coins for free when purchasing Gold Coins. With each purchase of Gold Coins, expect to receive several Sweeps Coins for free. The amount of Sweeps Coins will be displayed during the transaction. Enter no-cost giveaway contests on our social media pages. Sharing posts and completing betting-related quizzes may make you eligible for giveaway entries. After the contest, the winners will be announced. Once you log in to your sports book casino account, you can browse the selections and make your predictions. Before submitting your selections, you will be prompted to play with Gold or Sweeps Coins. The potential win amount will be prominently displayed on the screen. If your prediction wins, your Coins balance will increase by the payout amount. Registration Setting up an account here only takes only a couple of minutes. Below are the steps you need to complete to get in on the action: Follow our link to get straight to the registration page. Hit the Join Now button to initiate the procedure. Input personal information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. Pay attention to sign-up bonuses dishing out heaps of Gold Coins and Sweeps Coins, and claim your promotion. Browse the sports and markets. You’ll find some of the best MMA odds and lines for other games. Make your picks and select the mode of play. Remember, you can always play for free. Enter the prediction amount. You are all set. Security Ensuring players’ safety remains uncompromised is one of our top priorities. We use SSL or Secure Sockets Layer encryption-based security protocol to protect your personal information and transactions. Rewards redemption follows the Terms and Conditions, and it is the players’ responsibility to retain all copies of these transactions. So, even if you back College Basketball Odds or any other lines, you’re certain of your safety. Customer Support What are the customer support options at Sportzino? To provide you with the best social sportsbook entertainment, Sportzino relies on its customer-first strategy. Your needs always come first, so the platform offers 24/7 support via email. What is the difference between social betting and a social sportsbook? A social sportsbook is a platform where sweepstakes promotions are provided to give its players a rewarding experience. Players can play for free without making any purchase or may utilize some available purchase options to enhance their social sweepstakes-based sportsbook experience. The activity refers to the ability to predict sports events for free using a digital currency with no monetary value. This way of predicting the outcomes of sporting events provides the same experience with virtual currencies. Moreover, the level of interaction with your peers is unparalleled thanks to leader boards, awards, ratings, and other appraisal forms. You can find the best Tennis odds and lines for other events at Spotzino. FAQ What are sweepstakes casinos, and how do they work? Sweepstakes casinos, like Sportzino, operate on a model where you use virtual currencies instead of spending anything. You get gold and sweeps coins for making predictions and playing casino-style games. What is the difference between social odds and a social sportsbook? Social odds refer to the possibility of events happening, while a social sportsbook is the platform itself. Sportzino is an example of a social sportsbook that provides social odds for various events. Can I play games on my mobile device? Yes, you can play on smartphones and tablets. Our platform is fully optimized for mobile play, allowing you to make sports predictions and play casino games on the go. What types of sports can I follow and make predictions on? Sportzino offers markets for over 30 sports, including American football, soccer, basketball, and baseball. Join Sportzino! Social Sportsbook and Casino Play for Free Now! No purchase necessary. Copyright © SSPS LLC. 2025. The sweepstakes promotions offered are operated by SSPS LLC. The registered address for SSPS LLC. is 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, DE 19904. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Prediction Rules Manage Cookies Social Sportsbook Football Odds Baseball Odds Basketball Odds Hockey Odds Golf Odds MMA Odds Soccer Odds Tennis Odds Boxing Odds Most Popular Odds WNBA Odds F1 Odds UFC Odds NASCAR Odds Slot Providers Playson Slots Hacksaw Gaming Spadegaming KA Gaming Slotopia NetEnt Slots Red Tiger Slots Major League NFL Odds MLB Odds NBA Odds NHL Odds MLS Odds College Sports College Basketball Odds College Football Odds Top Casino Pages Sweepstakes Casino Free Megaways Slots Free Jackpot Slot Games Sweepstakes Slots Hold and Win Slot Games 777 Slots Fruit Slots Classic Slots Sports Predictions NFL Predictions NBA Predictions MLB Predictions NHL Predictions NCAAF Predictions What Does Over/Under Mean in Sports? What Does Moneyline Mean in Sports? What Is an online sportsbook? How to Read NHL Odds? Sportzino About Contact Us Become an Affiliate Sportzino States Player Safety Sportzino APP Free Sports Tips Promotions No Deposit Bonuses Sign-up Bonus Refer a Friend Bonus Daily Login Bonus Winners Casino Guides Sweepstakes Casino Guide What Is a Sweepstakes Casino? What Are Sweeps Coins? The Best Time to Play Slots How to Play Jackpot Slots The sweepstakes accessible via the Sportzino app is solely sponsored and administered by SSPS LLC.  Apple or Google is not a sponsor of, affiliated with, or responsible for conducting the sweepstakes. You understand that you are providing information to SSPS LLC.  The information you provide will only be used to administer this promotion. Player Safety A minimum age of for US residents is required. PROMO LIVE CASINO SIGN UP SPORTS CASINO