sportsYou | Elevate your team culture with the #1 Communication Platform for High School Athletics Schedule a Demo Log In Download Elevate your team culture with the #1 Communication Platform for High School Athletics Get Started Elevate your team culture. Let's Go! 8 Teammates 700 Teams 41 Posts We are a data-secure, school-safe, US owned & operated messaging platform built for Coaches to enrich communities and help young Athletes find their stride – in sports and life. We are proud to partner with Built with your Team in mind Coaches Contact with Athletes and Families in real-time without having to share personal emails or phone numbers. ADs Get a holistic picture of all teams’ activities, segment by season, create groups and more - all on one platform. Administrators We’re serious about data privacy and maintaining the school safety standards that keep our kids protected. School Safety is our top priority. We will never, EVER sell student data All data is encrypted and stored in US Your data is available for recall within 2 business days Need a student data privacy agreement signed? Submit Here Student Data + Privacy Review sportsYou will review documents to be signed for student data and privacy specific to your school district. We will comply with state and federal laws on student data and privacy. Please complete the fields below and attach your agreement or document. We will get back to you at the email and phone number provided. Thank you! Job Title School District Name City State Select one... Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Email Address Phone Number Upload File Max file size 10MB. Uploading... fileuploaded.jpg Upload failed. Max size for files is 10 MB. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Fast and frictionless to setup STEP 1 Download the app and set up an account STEP 2 Tap the blue + button to set up your Team(s) STEP 3 Share your code with your Team We'll be the best Teammate you ever had We have over 200 coaches in RISD, and we require all of them to use sportsYou. This communication option is the best platform out there in my opinion. It is user friendly and our kids, parents and coaches love it. Leslie Slovak We are requiring all of our athletic programs use sportsYou as the only acceptable mode of communication, reducing the liability that comes with using less secure platforms. Bobbie Kelsey sportsYou helps everyone stay on the same page off the field and leads to greater success on the field. Dave Falge sportsYou is a great way to connect a very small group or an entire community. It has become an essential part of our daily routine. Rodney Webb We have over 200 coaches in RISD, and we require all of them to use sportsYou. This communication option is the best platform out there in my opinion. It is user friendly and our kids, parents and coaches love it. Leslie Slovak We are requiring all of our athletic programs use sportsYou as the only acceptable mode of communication, reducing the liability that comes with using less secure platforms. Bobbie Kelsey sportsYou helps everyone stay on the same page off the field and leads to greater success on the field. Dave Falge sportsYou is a great way to connect a very small group or an entire community. It has become an essential part of our daily routine. Rodney Webb We have over 200 coaches in RISD, and we require all of them to use sportsYou. This communication option is the best platform out there in my opinion. It is user friendly and our kids, parents and coaches love it. Leslie Slovak We have over 200 coaches in RISD, and we require all of them to use sportsYou. This communication option is the best platform out there in my opinion. It is user friendly and our kids, parents and coaches love it. Leslie Slovak Athletic Director & THSADA President-Elect We are requiring all of our athletic programs use sportsYou as the only acceptable mode of communication, reducing the liability that comes with using less secure platforms. Bobbie Kelsey Commissioner of Athletics and Academics Milwaukee Public Schools sportsYou is a great way to connect a very small group or an entire community. It has become an essential part of our daily routine. Rodney Webb Head Football Coach Rockwall Heath, TX sportsYou helps everyone stay on the same page off the field and leads to greater success on the field. Dave Falge Head Lacrosse Coach Cazenovia, NY sportsYou is the best communication tool I have used in my 18 years as an Athletic Director. I only wish I had it when I was coaching. Mark Berkowitz Athletic Director Weston, CT As a parent of multiple kids playing sports, sportsYou makes it easy to stay organized and connected. Nancy Parent Sports Mom Wilton, CT sportsYou has been a game changer for our programs. All our groups communicate easily and I have full visibility. Our coaches and parents are fully addicted to the platform. Jay Egan Athletic Director New Canaan, CT sportsYou has helped increase our communication with our parents and established a better relationship with our coaches. Dave Shanahan Athletic Director Elwood, NY My coaches, families and athletes enjoy a single platform for all 23 programs to communicate and share information. Nathan Delany Athletic Director Marshfield, WI We communicate our weekly schedules, expectations, game plans, recruiting information, summer camps, any unexpected changes – and highlight our athletes and teams. I would recommend any sports team or organization try sportsYou. Jarett Lambert Head Football Coach Richardson, TX We swapped over to sportsYou Summer 2022 and we haven’t looked back! Patrick Harris Head Wrestling Coach Huntsville, AL As a three season coach, sportsYou has made my life so much easier. Stephanie Bartkus Soccer, Basketball and Lacrosse Coach Seaford, NY Love it. Love it. Love it! Easy to use and a benefit for all. Armando Sedeno Varsity Baseball Coach Houston, Texas sportsYou makes coordinating with Coaches, Players and Parents easy. I would recommend it without any reservations. Randy Culp Head Baseball Coach Harker Heights, TX sportsYou provides an incredibly reliable and safe platform to connect with our coaches, athletes and community. It’s a win-win when we’re using sportsYou! Virginia Flores Executive Director of Athletics Cypress, TX We started using sportsYou as the main communication platform a few years ago, and the results have been remarkable. Using sportsYou has allowed our organization to far surpass our membership and participation goals for the year. Marc Mesaros President of the Maryland Football Coaches Association Towson, MD Elevate your Team Culture with key features like Posts Make announcements, share content, and engage with Athletes, Families and Leadership. Chat Engage in real-time communication with an entire Team or select Groups. Media Showcase a dynamic gallery of all the pics and vids captured off the field. Media Showcase a dynamic gallery of all the pics and vids captured off the field. Calendar Bring transparency to all Team activity, update schedules and share locations via Google Maps. Files Get organized with a centralized library to share and store all important docs. Player Orientation.doc Registration Form.pdf Team profile.jpg Introducing the team.mov Tigers Freshman FB Morning Run 6:00am - 7:00am Legacy Stadium Attending? Yes No Maybe We're ready for a tryout. For Android Mobile and Tablet Minimum Requirements (Version 3) Android OS 4.1 or above Download sportsYou For iOS iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch Minimum Requirements (Version 3) Requires iOS 12.0 or newer Download sportsYou If you share our mission to empower future generations through sport, reach out. Let's Go! Terms Privacy Policy Contact About Careers Help Resources sportsYou © 2024