Your privacy, your choice

We use essential cookies to make sure the site can function. We also use optional cookies for advertising, personalisation of content, usage analysis, and social media, as well as to allow video information to be shared for both marketing, analytics and editorial purposes.

By accepting optional cookies, you consent to the processing of your personal data - including transfers to third parties. Some third parties are outside of the European Economic Area, with varying standards of data protection.

See our privacy policy for more information on the use of your personal data.

Manage preferences for further information and to change your choices.

Accept all cookies
Reject optional cookies
Skip to main content
Springer have moved to Springer Nature Link. Learn more about website changes.
Log in
Find a journal
Publish with us
Track your research
Search
 Cart
Home  Springer
Serving the global research community

With a portfolio of over 2,700 journals and over 220,000 books, Springer is a global leader in academic and scientific publishing. We empower authors to share impactful research, enable readers to access trusted content, and collaborate with institutions and communities to advance knowledge worldwide. Whether you're publishing cutting-edge science or foundational texts, Springer provides the reach, credibility, and support to help your work make a lasting difference.

Home
About
Books
Journals
For authors
Updates
Featured books
Handbook of Geography Education
Clinical Cardiology
Schulpsychologie
Handbuch der gefährlichen Güter. Gruppenmerkblätter
A Problem-Solving Approach to Electric Circuits
Emerging Legal Frontiers in Insurance
View all Springer books
Featured book series

Books series

Synthesis Lectures on Data Management

This series publishes lectures on data management.

Books series

Synthesis Lectures on Renewable Energy Technologies

The series, Synthesis Lectures on Renewable Energy Technologies publishes concise books, focused on technologies that harness energy from naturally...

Books series

Islam in der Gesellschaft

Die Reihe Islam in der Gesellschaft publiziert theoretische wie empirische Forschungsarbeiten zu einem international wie national aktuellem...

Learn more about book series
Publish a book with us
Why publish with Springer?

We are a leading scientific publisher, featuring some of the world’s most influential books

Publish in a book series

Amplify your book’s impact by connecting it with top publications in your field

Resources for book authors

Find guidance and tools to help you develop, enhance, and promote your book

Featured journals

Journal

Acta Metallurgica Sinica (English Letters)

Acta Metallurgica Sinica (English Letters) will cease to be published by Springer as of December 31, 2025.

Publishing model
Hybrid
Journal Impact Factor
3.9 (2024)
Downloads
205.4k (2024)
Submission to first decision (median)
Not available

Journal

Asia-Pacific Financial Markets

Asia-Pacific Financial Markets is an international forum for empirical and theoretical research into the financial markets.

Publishing model
Hybrid
Journal Impact Factor
2.6 (2024)
Downloads
94.5k (2024)
Submission to first decision (median)
14 days

Journal

Acta Mathematicae Applicatae Sinica, English Series

Acta Mathematicae Applicatae Sinica, English Series publishes high quality research papers from all branches of applied mathematics.

Publishing model
Hybrid
Journal Impact Factor
0.9 (2024)
Downloads
30.7k (2024)
Submission to first decision (median)
Not available
View all Springer journals
Calls for papers

Collection

- SDG 03 - Good health and well-being

We are calling for articles to our new Collection on Good health and well-being, in support of the UN Sustainable Development Goal: SDG 3.

Status
Open for submissions
Submission deadline
31 December 2030

Collection

Environmental Sustainability of Sporting Goods

The aim of this Topical Collection is to collect papers regarding the topic of sustainability in the field of sport engineering and, in particular,...

Status
Open for submissions
Submission deadline
01 May 2027

Collection

ARWA

Guest Editor: Poh Wee Koh.

Status
Open for submissions
Submission deadline
01 January 2030
View all Springer calls for papers
Journals by subject
Behavioral Sciences and Psychology
Biological Sciences
Chemistry
Computer Science
Earth and Environmental Sciences
Economics
Electrical and Electronic Engineering
Health Sciences
Materials Science
Mathematics
Mechanical Engineering
Physics and Astronomy
View all Springer journals
Recent research
State of the Field Report XVII: Contemporary Chinese Studies of Confucian Political Meritocracy in Mainland China
Yusheng Han  in Dao
OriginalPaper
29 December 2025
Where We Began and Where We Stand: the Evolution of Medical Education in India
Krishna Mohan Surapaneni  in Medical Science Educator
Commentary
29 December 2025
The Emerging Role of B Cells and Tertiary Lymphoid Structures in Bladder Cancer
Andrew PenunuriEliyahu GreenbergAndrew B. Katims  in Current Urology Reports
Review
Open access
29 December 2025
Part of 1 collection:
Topical Collection on Urothelial Cancer
Isolated spastic dysarthria as an initial presentation of Alzheimer’s disease
Alexandros GiannakisEugenia KloufetouChrissa Sioka  in Neurological Sciences
Letter to the Editor
29 December 2025
Beyond productivity: the relational ethics of cyberloafing in digitally mediated work
Pablo Zoghbi-Manrique-de-Lara  in AI & SOCIETY
Review
29 December 2025
View all Springer research
Latest updates
Blog
How to master SEO for books: A guide for authors
After putting all your energy into writing and publishing your book, it's time to think about how you can promote it. One of the strategies not to overlook is SEO (search engine optimization). Explore these tips to get your book the online visibility it deserves. 
Blog
Promote your book: Social media strategies for authors
Researchers are increasingly using social media to discover and share their work. Read this blog to learn where, why, and how to use social media to boost the visibility and discoverability of your book.  
Blog
How to promote your book through networking and sharing
Promoting your book is a vital part of the publication process. For your work to make a real difference, it needs to reach the widest possible audience. In this blog, authors share practical advice on networking and sharing to get you started. 
View all Springer updates
Planning to publish in German?
Visit our German language website 
Follow Springer
Springer on BlueSky
Springer on LinkedIn
Springer on Facebook
Springer on X
Springer on Instagram
Discover content
Journals A-Z
Books A-Z
Publish with us
Journal finder
Publish your research
Language editing
Open access publishing
Products and services
Our products
Librarians
Societies
Partners and advertisers
Our brands
Springer
Nature Portfolio
BMC
Palgrave Macmillan
Apress
Discover
Your privacy choices/Manage cookies Your US state privacy rights Accessibility statement Terms and conditions Privacy policy Help and support Legal notice Cancel contracts here

221.138.189.189

Not affiliated

© 2025 Springer Nature