Springer | Partner, knowledge, expertise Skip to main content Springer have moved to Springer Nature Link. Learn more about website changes. Log in Menu Find a journal Publish with us Track your research Search Cart Home Springer Springer menu Home About Books Journals For authors Updates Home About About Springer Journal policies Editing a journal Book and proceedings policies Contact us Books Books Book series Journals For authors Why publish with Springer? Publishing options Publish a book Publish your book in German Submit an article Updates Serving the global research community With a portfolio of over 2,700 journals and over 220,000 books, Springer is a global leader in
                        academic and scientific publishing. We empower authors to share impactful research, enable
                        readers to access trusted content, and collaborate with institutions and communities to advance
                        knowledge worldwide. Whether you're publishing cutting-edge science or foundational texts,
                        Springer provides the reach, credibility, and support to help your work make a lasting
                        difference. Springer menu Home About Books Journals For authors Updates Home About About Springer Journal policies Editing a journal Book and proceedings policies Contact us Books Books Book series Journals For authors Why publish with Springer? Publishing options Publish a book Publish your book in German Submit an article Updates Featured books Security Protocols and Threat Models Handbook of Material Engineering in Nanobiomedicine and Diagnostics Trainingswissenschaft für die Sportpraxis Beyond the Genius Handbuch der gefährlichen Güter. Erläuterungen I Encyclopedia of Tourism View all Springer books Featured book series Books series Springer Series in Supply Chain Management Supply Chain Management (SCM), long an integral part of Operations Management, focuses on all elements of creating a product or service, and... Books series Islam in der Gesellschaft Die Reihe Islam in der Gesellschaft publiziert theoretische wie empirische Forschungsarbeiten zu einem international wie national aktuellem... Books series Synthesis Lectures on Data Management This series publishes lectures on data management. Learn more about book series Publish a book with us Why publish with Springer? We are a leading scientific publisher, featuring some of the world’s most influential books Publish in a book series Amplify your book’s impact by connecting it with top publications in your field Resources for book authors Find guidance and tools to help you develop, enhance, and promote your book Featured journals Journal Acta Metallurgica Sinica (English Letters) Acta Metallurgica Sinica (English Letters) will cease to be published by Springer as of December 31, 2025. Publishing model Hybrid Journal Impact Factor 3.9 (2024) Downloads 205.4k (2024) Submission to first decision (median) Not available Journal Aerobiologia Aerobiologia focuses on respiratory allergology, plant pathology, pest management, biological weathering and biodeterioration, indoor air quality, air-conditioning technology and... Publishing model Hybrid Journal Impact Factor 2.1 (2024) Downloads 135.5k (2024) Submission to first decision (median) 21 days Journal Current Treatment Options in Infectious Diseases Current Treatment Options in Infectious Diseases provides will cease publishing as of 31/12/2025. Publishing model Hybrid Journal Impact Factor 3.8 (2024) Downloads 102.8k (2024) Submission to first decision (median) 14 days View all Springer journals Calls for papers Collection Special issue on "Cascading Impacts of Flood Disaster Chains" We are delighted to announce a call for papers for a special issue of the International Journal of Disaster Risk Science dedicated to the theme of... Status Open for submissions Submission deadline 30 June 2027 Collection - SDG 16 - Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels We are calling for articles to our new Collection on Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions, in support of the UN Sustainable Development Goal: SDG... Status Open for submissions Submission deadline 31 December 2030 Collection - SDG 05 - Gender Equality We are calling for articles to our new Collection on Gender Equality, in support of the UN Sustainable Development Goal: SDG 5. Status Open for submissions Submission deadline 31 December 2030 View all Springer calls for papers Journals by subject Behavioral Sciences and Psychology Biological Sciences Chemistry Computer Science Earth and Environmental Sciences Economics Electrical and Electronic Engineering Health Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Physics and Astronomy View all Springer journals Recent research Secretoglobin 3A1 in activated muscle satellite cells contributes to myosin heavy chain IIX and IIB fiber differentiation Shigetoshi Yokoyama Taketomo Kido Shioko Kimura in Cellular and Molecular Life Sciences Original Article Open access 31 December 2025 Structural and functional characterization of the New Delhi metallo beta-lactamase-1 (NDM-1) D254A mutant: a biochemical, microbiological and bioinformatics study Abid Ali Kulsum Fatima Asad U. Khan in World Journal of Microbiology and Biotechnology Research 31 December 2025 An optimized hybrid framework for car theft detection: comparative insights from deep transfer learning and feature-based machine learning Yashar Jebraeily Yousef Sharafi Nastaran Ahmadi Ramezanloo in Artificial Intelligence Review OriginalPaper Open access 31 December 2025 The effect of virtual reality modality level of immersion and locomotion on Spatial learning and gaze measures Michal Gabay Tom Schonberg in Virtual Reality Original Article Open access 31 December 2025 Salvage of undeflatable intra-stent angioplasty-balloon-catheter with direct percutaneous needle puncture Leonardo Pasquetti Edoardo Pasqui Gianmarco de Donato in CVIR Endovascular Letter to the Editor Open access 31 December 2025 View all Springer research Latest updates Blog How to master SEO for books: A guide for authors After putting all your energy into writing and publishing your book, it's time to think about how you can promote it. One of the strategies not to overlook is SEO (search engine optimization). Explore these tips to get your book the online visibility it deserves. Blog Promote your book: Social media strategies for authors Researchers are increasingly using social media to discover and share their work. Read this blog to learn where, why, and how to use social media to boost the visibility and discoverability of your book. Blog How to promote your book through networking and sharing Promoting your book is a vital part of the publication process. For your work to make a real difference, it needs to reach the widest possible audience. In this blog, authors share practical advice on networking and sharing to get you started. View all Springer updates Planning to publish in German? Visit our German language website Follow Springer Springer on BlueSky Springer on LinkedIn Springer on Facebook Springer on X Springer on Instagram Brand navigation Home Home About About Springer Journal policies Editing a journal Book and proceedings policies Contact us Books Books Book series Journals Journals For authors Why publish with Springer? Publishing options Publish a book Publish your book in German Submit an article Updates Updates Search Search by keyword or author Search Navigation Find a journal Publish with us Track your research Discover content Journals A-Z Books A-Z Publish with us Journal finder Publish your research Language editing Open access publishing Products and services Our products Librarians Societies Partners and advertisers Our brands Springer Nature Portfolio BMC Palgrave Macmillan Apress Discover Your privacy choices/Manage cookies Your US state privacy rights Accessibility statement Terms and conditions Privacy policy Help and support Legal notice Cancel contracts here 221.138.189.189 Not affiliated © 2025 Springer Nature