Video Hosting and Live Streaming for Business | SproutVideo Sign Up Free Login Login Home Features Features Features Overview Video Player Security Analytics Marketing Video Sites Collaborate All Features Pricing Support Support Knowledge Base Contact Us Company Company About Us Our Blog Jobs We Love Trees Powerful live and on-demand video hosting for businesses . Easy-to-use tools for secure video sharing, video marketing, player customization, analyzing viewer engagement, and more! Get Started Free See Features Trusted by Fortune 500 companies, and thousands of small and medium-sized organizations What SproutVideo Customers Are Saying A video platform that puts you first. SproutVideo is full-featured video hosting with industry-leading support. No bots or automated queues, ever. User Satisfaction SproutVideo Industry Avg. Ease of Use 9.5 9.1 Ease of Setup 9.5 9.0 Ease of Admin 9.5 8.9 Quality of Support 9.4 8.9 Read SproutVideo Reviews on Capterra and G2.com Start your free 30-day trial today. Sign Up Free B2B Marketing CoverStory "I get annoyed when things don’t work the way I want them to. I discovered SproutVideo, and it all works. I could upload a ton of videos and still pay one price. The price was right. The storage was right. It was easy." Start your free 30-day trial today. Sign Up Free Media & Entertainment Blade and Skillet "Video is the future of all media right now. It’s where food lives best. I was looking for a player that had great quality and the ability to track great stats. That’s something you can’t find everywhere." Start your free 30-day trial today. Sign Up Free E-commerce Ken and Dana Designs "I really don't know what I would do without videos for clients that cannot make it in to try on a ring... People are into color and sparkle, and SproutVideo really captures that." Start your free 30-day trial today. Sign Up Free Production VMG Cinematic "We were looking for high-volume, light, great APIs, seamless integration. We tried a number of different video hosting services, and SproutVideo was the clear winner for us." Find the right plan for your business Your business-ready, customer-first video hosting platform Private video hosting made easy. Create a secure, customizable, and ad-free video experience with our professional video hosting service. Free to try for 30 days. VOD & Live Streaming On-demand and live videos. UltraHD up to 8K, adaptive bitrate streaming, and a global CDN. Privacy & Security Leverage extensive privacy controls for secure video hosting and sharing. Viewer Engagement Measure, track, and analyze viewer activity to evaluate your video performance. Video Websites Create a beautiful, mobile-optimized website and landing pages for all your videos. Marketing Tools Gather leads with marketing integrations, drive organic traffic, and add calls-to-action. Custom Player & Embeds Host ad-free video content, create animated thumbnails, playlists, and custom players. Learn More About Our Features Incredible customer support. Incredible customer support. No waiting days for a response. No complex documentation. Ask us anything Ask us anything Business • 6 min read Top 2026 Video Trends and Predictions: What Business Leaders Are Prioritizing Now Video trends for 2026 reflect the tension between scaling business with AI and building trust with authenticity. We asked leaders in L&D, corporate communications, and marketing what’s changing and how they’re adapting. Explore the video trends shaping decisions in 2026. Read More "Business Video Playbook" Series • 4 min read Mapping Video to the Buyer’s Journey: A Product Marketer’s Framework Your customers’ voices are a goldmine for product messaging. Discover a framework for video at every stage of the funnel with PMM Jeff Rezabek. In episode 9 of the Business Video Playback, Rezabek breaks down how to use authentic customer messaging to align your products with their needs. Read More "Business Video Playbook" Series • 4 min read Learning and Development Strategy: A Video Framework for Better Results Learning that sticks. For an effective learning and development strategy, this is the critical challenge. Learn how Tobi Flowers, CEO of TraCorp LMS, creates training that drives measurable business impact. You’ll gain three L&D strategies for effective content and learn how global companies scale brand consistency. Read More Powerful video hosting, free for 30 days. Start free today. Try out all features on SproutVideo for an entire month. No credit card required, no commitments, and no monkey business. Start Your Free Trial SproutVideo is a video hosting platform for business. We offer all the video privacy, marketing, and analytics tools any business needs to succeed with live and on-demand video content online. Get started free for 30 days Product Pricing Features Video Marketing Secure Videos Host Videos Learn More Our Blog Video for Business Live Streaming 101 Business Video Playbook 'How to Video' Series Support Knowledge Base Contact Us Product Updates API Docs Company About Us We Love Trees Careers © 2010-2025 SproutVideo | Made with love in NYC Privacy Terms Ads / Cookies