Sprout Social: Social Media Management Tool Platform Solutions Pricing Resources Log in Schedule a demo Try for free Toggle mobile menu open Powerful tools for social media management Email address Try free for 30 days Own every social media touchpoint Tour the product Plan & schedule content Simplify workflows and collaboration to make sure your brand is always active where (and when) it matters most. Plan & schedule content Simplify workflows and collaboration to make sure your brand is always active where (and when) it matters most. Engage with customers Leverage AI to reply with speed and empathy, creating consistent, high-quality experiences at scale. Engage with customers Leverage AI to reply with speed and empathy, creating consistent, high-quality experiences at scale. Analyze your performance Access analytics that reveal insights that inform business goals and showcase your impact. Analyze your performance Access analytics that reveal insights that inform business goals and showcase your impact. Discover trends & insights Tap into real-time conversations to identify what's next for your industry and audience. Discover trends & insights Tap into real-time conversations to identify what's next for your industry and audience. Tour the product Trusted partnerships and integrations across leading platforms Sprout builds and maintains strong network partnerships and integrations to help you unify your customer touch points and keep pace with changes in the social landscape. See all integrations Try free for 30 days - no credit card required Standard Perfect for small teams managing a few profiles across social networks Plan features $199 per seat/month Get started Professional Best for teams handling a lot of profiles with high engagement Plan features $299 per seat/month Get started Advanced Built for the challenges of cross-functional teams and workflows Plan features $399 per seat/month Get started Need a custom plan for your enterprise business? Book my demo Launch, run & scale creator campaigns Our AI-powered influencer marketing tools help you build creator campaigns based on the topics your audience engages with most. Find brand-safe creators by topic See if they're aligned to your brand Manage campaigns end-to-end Measure your performance See the product See why 30,000+ brands scale their social media with Sprout 381% increase in action rate “When I started, agents would beg not to have to manage social customer care tickets. Now, agents proactively ask to work on social tickets because the process is much more efficient. I love that for my agents' job quality. For me, Sprout helps retain people and improves my own job satisfaction.” Sara Smith Manager of Consumer Services at ScottsMiracle-Gro Drive more impact with your social media management tool, now. Try free for 30 days 1-866-878-3231 Contact us Sprout Social's linkedin Sprout Social's instagram Sprout Social's youtube Sprout Social's tiktok Sprout Social's pinterest Sprout Social's x Sprout Social's facebook Platform Platform Engagement Publishing Analytics Premium analytics Listening Influencer marketing Employee advocacy AI and automation Newswhip Pricing Solutions Solutions Enterprise Agencies Small and medium businesses Professional services Social media management Customer care Social storefronts Social insights Brand awareness Team efficiency Influencer strategy Trust and compliance Industries Travel and Hospitality Computer and Software Retail Higher Education Public Sector Integrations Integrations Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn Threads Pinterest TikTok Salesforce All integrations Resources Resources The Sprout Social Index™ Social media ROI Sprout Blog Community Resource center Sprout alternatives Social media glossary Find Influencers Agency partner directory Partner Programs Brand assets Free social media tools Landscape Image Resizer Free Social Media Templates All Free Social Media Tools Social media topics Social Media Scheduling Crisis Communications Reputation Management Social Media Statistics Social Competitive Analysis Employee Advocacy Social Media Reporting Social Media ROI Social Media Management Social Media Marketing Social Media Listening Business Intelligence Social Media Analytics Company Company About Sprout Office locations Careers Customers Investors Sustainability Security Trust Center Support Support Help center FAQs System status Download the Sprout Social app for IOS Devices in the Apple App store. Download the Sprout Social app for Android in the Google Play Store. © Copyright 2025 Sprout Social, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Service Website Terms Disclosure Policy Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information