Spruce Health Sign Up Healthcare Professionals Primary Care Mental Health Other Specialties Plans & Pricing Patients More HIPAA & Security Get the Spruce Apps Help Center Blog About Us Integrate with Spruce Referral Program Partnerships See a Demo Get Started for Free Get Started for Free Log In Primary Care Mental Health Other Specialties Plans & Pricing Patients HIPAA & Security Spruce Apps Help Center About Us See a Demo Log In All-in-one healthcare communication Whether it's upgrading your patient experience or modernizing your communication toolkit, see why Spruce is the leading platform for HIPAA-compliant healthcare communication. Get Started for Free Get Started for Free 14-day trial. No credit card required. Cancel anytime. See a demo #1 platform for HIPAA- compliant communication 10+ YEARS IN BUSINESS 25,000 HEALTHCARE PROVIDERS 5M+ PATIENT ACCOUNTS 500,000+ DAILY HEALTHCARE INTERACTIONS HIPAA-COMPLIANT COMMUNICATION TRUSTED BY HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS AND THEIR PATIENTS Get Spruce NOW! I could not be happier, my clients could not be happier, and I simply could not give Spruce a higher endorsement! Must have! It’s SO incredibly helpful to be able to just message your doctor when you have a question, need a refill, need an appt, etc. This is perfect! I love spruce because I can text or call patients when I’m unable to call them from our office phone system, like when I am on call for my group over evenings and weekends. Most Fantastic Client Support I feel like I'm the most important person in the world! Their professionalism, prompt responses, but even more meaningful to me is I feel cared about. WOW. TRUSTED BY 40,000+ HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS AND MILLIONS OF PATIENTS Saves Us Time! Spruce is built for doctors’ offices. It does exactly what we want, and it just works. It saves us time and allowed us to deliver a better product and communicate better with our patients. Jonathan Feistmann MD, NYC Retina Solves Our High Call Volume Our staff couldn't support our call volume. Spruce has given us the ability to communicate more efficiently with patients, even with a small staff and large call volume. Kaela Thurman NP, Hometown Health Center Spruce Prioritizes Confidentiality My clients' privacy is very important. I want to offer a safe and protected way of communicating with me. Spruce came highly recommended and doesn't disappoint! Holly Spotts, Psychologist, Full Cup Wellness Spruce Grows With Us We can handle our growing client base much more effectively. Spruce has allowed us to grow without sacrificing the quality of care we provide. Carmen Mellone Director of Admin Ops, Life Insight Spruce Has Been A Game Changer! Spruce gives me the ease of unified patient communication and follow-up. It has been a game-changer for my office. Dr. Kira Stein, MD, APC , Clinical Psychiatrist Clients Feel Safe And Secure I want my clients to know that I’m on their side and I will fight for their confidentiality to the best of my ability. Spruce allows them to feel safe and secure. Dr. Abi Weissman , Psy.D., Waves A Seamless Transition We had never done any kind of teletherapy before, but we needed a telehealth platform immediately. Spruce helped make that a really seamless transition. Landon Dickeson, MS, LPC. , Ranch Hands Rescue Communication All your communication channels, all in one place. Spruce is designed for easy HIPAA compliance . Secure Messaging Send messages, files, audio notes, and more Phone Includes 2-way SMS texting and voicemail transcription Video Offer virtual visits from anywhere E-Fax Send and receive e-faxes Team Messaging Individual and group messaging with task assignment Notes Privately coordinate with teammates in patient conversations Modern Care Best in class telemedicine from your phone, desktop or anywhere in between Video Visits Offer care from anywhere with secure video visits. Clinical Questionnaires Screen patients in advance with our selection of clinical questionnaires. Digital Payments Get paid faster with in-app digital payments. Workflow Automation Save time by automating common workflows and responses. Care Coordination Securely message with teammates and other clinics Team Collaboration Securely collaborate with teammates via team messaging. Referrals Send, receive and coordinate referrals with professional contact sharing. Internal Notes Take notes privately without ever leaving the conversation. Team Inbox Collaborate with teammates through a shared inbox. @Paging Streamline workflows by paging teammates within conversations. Assignment Assign conversations to yourself, a teammate or a group. Phone System Modern system built for healthcare Professional Phone Professional phone lines for individuals and teams, with voicemail transcription. Documentation See all of your calls, automatically documented in the app. Phone Trees Route calls to the appropriate individual or team with phone trees. E-Fax Send and receive e-faxes from your phone or the web. Call Routing Automate call routing with advanced workflows. Multiple Lines Give each provider or team their own phone line to streamline communication. 4.9 App Store rating Spruce is the leading platform for healthcare communication Get Started for Free 4.9 App Store rating Join over 25,000 healthcare professionals today Get started with an unlimited 14-day free trial. Get Started for Free See a Demo Primary Care Mental Health Other Specialties Plans & Pricing Patients View Demo About Us Careers HIPAA & Security Help Center Spruce Blog Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Spruce Health Plans & Pricing HIPAA & Security Spruce Apps Help Center Spruce Blog Primary Care Mental Health Other Specialties Patients View Demo About Us Integrate with Spruce Referral Program Partnerships Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy ©2025 Spruce Health Button Text Try The #1 Platform For HIPAA-Compliant Communications Easy Phone And Fax Setup Get a new phone or fax number instantly or transfer in existing numbers without interruption. All-In-One Medical Communication Phone, text, fax, video, email, team messaging and contact management. Flexible To Grow With Your Business Add tools like auto-replies, phone trees, desk phones, bulk messaging, and team collaboration. Get Started For Free Today No credit card required. Cancel anytime. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Continue Already have an account? Log in