Beat fraud, boost revenue - Spur Skip to content Products Close Products Open Products Data Feeds Monocle Context-API Resources Close Resources Open Resources Blog Case studies What is a residential proxy? Business case template Developer docs About Contact Sign in Sign up // Beat fraud, boost revenue Advanced detection of anonymization and threats Spur provides cutting-edge tools and data to detect VPNs, residential proxies, and bots – helping you stay ahead of the latest evasion methods. Free demo Spur tracks over 1,000 different anonymity services around the internet // Choose your weapon Combat the fake internet. Spur’s advanced tools excel at VPN attribution, bot detection, and proxy tracking, helping you counter fraud and other malicious activity. Data Feeds The power of Spur,
the flexibility of in-house. On prem datasets give you full control of analysis, performance, integration, and security. Know the entire footprint of anonymity networks over time. Learn more Monocle Convenience of captcha, capabilities of zero-trust. Monocle provides session level anonymity detection for your website using simple javascript. See VPN or Residential Proxy usage on form submissions and other user action. Learn more Context-API Streamlined IP enrichment,
high-performance API. IP data optimized for in-line lookups and enrichment. Use a simple API call to get insight into generalized IP context and classification. Learn more // Real time detection Attackers evolve rapidly, Spur keeps you ahead of the curve. We observe and report our findings in real-time, providing you with up to the second awareness of residential proxies and their activity. 236789 Daily indicator count 17143258 Residential proxy IP's identified // Latest case studies How Spur helped solve problems in organizations like yours. See more Case study Social media platform stops account farming and spam Read story Case study Financial institution reduces account takeovers by over 40% Read story Try it for free Explore our data and see what sets us apart Products Data Feeds Monocle Context API Data Feeds Monocle Context API Useful links Developer docs Online support Partner with us Developer docs Online support Partner with us Contact Contact Careers Contact Careers © Copyright 2025, Spur Intelligence Corporation | Site By Proxy Site By Proxy Orlando, FL USA | Privacy | Terms & Conditions Company Home Data Feeds Monocle Context API About Home Data Feeds Monocle Context API About Sign up Resources Case Studies Blog Documentation Careers Support Case Studies Blog Documentation Careers Support Sign in