Moving people forward | Sqills Home Menu M oving people forwar d We empower passenger transport operators worldwide with our mission-critical software solution S3 Passenger , for multi-channel sales & distribution. Request a demo T wo worlds, one software solutio n Our product takes care of everything from managing inventory, reservation and ticketing to multi-channel sales, dynamic pricing and distribution. Through continuous innovation and a customer-centric approach, you benefit from a future-proof solution. Now, and going forward. Discover S3 Passenger W ith S3 Passenger you can : Increase seat occupancy Enhance yield per seat Increase passenger self-service Improve operational efficiency Reduce the time-to-market of innovations Increase business agility W hat sets S3 Passenger apart ? Empowering carriers and distributors The most feature-rich solution on the market. Both for bus and train transport Continuous evolution Market-leading functionalities that keep up with industry trends Decades of industry experience Developed in collaboration with rail and bus experts Fully configurable Tailored to your business needs for maximum flexibility Modular architecture Scalable and high-performing to adapt to growing demands Everything you need One integrated platform for streamlined operations Mission-critical Software as a Service operating model with fully certified security and privacy Most effective solution from a Total Cost of Ownership perspective Proven implementation approach with a 100% successful track record Excellent documentation and training material which enables operational autonomy 24/7/365 system monitoring and customer support around the world W ho we work wit h S3 Passenger is the result of over a decade of intensive collaboration within the Sqills customer community. This is a selection of the operators that currently rely on S3 Passenger to power their business. View all cases SNCF Powering one of the largest railway operators in the world Eurostar Connecting Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom Brightline Powering railway travel in the sunshine state O ur proven implementation approac h We understand that migrating your mission-critical processes may seem daunting, but we are there for you before, during, and after the implementation of S3 Passenger, providing global 24/7 system monitoring and customer support. Read more about implementation With a 100% success track record, we assure you that you are in capable hands. While we are there for you at all times, you are in control of the implementation approach. You rely on our expertise, but we move at your pace. Mission-critical SaaS operating model with fully certified security and privacy Cost-effective with a strong Total Cost of Ownership advantage Comprehensive documentation and training to ensure you have operational autonomy K nowledge Hu b The latest articles and updates about Sqills and S3 Passenger Go to our Knowledge Hub Article 4 March 2025 A new way to reach your destination with Navigator 2.0 Article 10 October 2024 The power of Kubernetes in the S3 Passenger SaaS solution News 26 March 2025 S3 Passenger now powers NOR-WAY Bussekspress W ant to know more ? With thousands of out-of-the-box features and continuous development, we're eager to understand your unique business needs and find out how S3 Passenger can make a difference. Schedule a demo today and find out how you can transform your operations. Request demo Contact info@sqills.com Phone number +31 88 774 557 0 2025 © Sqills Privacy statement Cookies Scroll 2025 © Sqills Privacy statement Cookies