SQLServerCentral – The #1 SQL Server community Articles Editorials Stairways Forums Forums home Active threads Latest topics Most popular Leaderboard Scripts QotD Books Blogs Register Login Write for us Menu Articles Editorials Stairways Forums Forums home Active threads Latest topics Most popular Leaderboard Scripts QotD Books Blogs Write for us Register Login Finding Motivation by Steve Jones SQLServerCentral Career Growth How do you motivate yourself? As the year ends, Steve has a few thoughts. Preparing SQL Servers and Data for Quantum Computing by Additional Articles MSSQLTips.com Encryption Just like advances in artificial intelligence, I have heard that quantum computing is going to be a disruptive technology for our future. For instance, there’s the concern that it’s going to break/crack a lot of network encryption and potentially data encryption. What’s going to be affected, how long do we have, and what do I (and my organization) need to do to prepare for it? SQL Server 2025 Backup Compression Algorithm by alzdba SQLServerCentral Backup and restore Backup compression SQL Server 2025 Learn about the new ZSTD compression algorithm in SQL Server 2025. The Side Job by Steve Jones SQLServerCentral Misc Today Steve asks about those jobs you've had that aren't related to data or databases. Making AI Talk to Your Database: AI-Powered Database Queries Made Simple by Additional Articles SimpleTalk Artificial Intelligence (AI) Beneath the surface though, AI is just a tool that learns certain patterns and draws conclusions from information on the Web to answer questions, make decisions, or craft a code sample or two. Those that have used AI in the past will know that just as it’s capable of providing valuable information, AI tools can also generate inaccurate responses, and that’s why it’s important to use it wisely. Happy Holidays, Let's Do Nerdy Stuff by Grant Fritchey SQLServerCentral Uncategorized I'm actually writing this on my day off. I took a bunch of vacation around the holidays because I could, and because I don't take enough the rest of the year. Anyway, I'm just going to share how I've been spending my time (not counting time with the family, which I am certainly doing). I […] PowerShell Day By Day: The Pipeline by FrankDolan77 SQLServerCentral PowerShell In this article, I wanted to discuss the PowerShell (PoSh) pipeline, which was confusing to me at first and took some time to get used to working with. I had used one in Linux before, but the PoSh one is more powerful, but also slightly different. Hopefully I can demystify some of the concepts for […] The Tally Table by Steve Jones SQLServerCentral.com Editorial The tally table is a valuable tool for a SQL Server developer, but how many of you understand how to create and use one? Controlling SQL Window Functions with Framing by Additional Articles MSSQLTips.com T-SQL window functions I’ve used SQL window functions for years, but I’ve never fully understood framing. To truly master window functions, you need at least a basic grasp of framing and how to apply it to your queries. Framing is especially helpful when working with aggregate functions. How can you overcome this hesitation to try framing? SQL Art: I Made a Christmas Card In SSMS by Ted SQLServerCentral humor Spatial A little Christmas fun for you using the spatial features in SQL Server and SSMS. Next 1 2 3 … 1,978 Take Our Poll SSC Newsletters Subscribe to the daily newsletter to get fresh SQL Server articles, scripts and info every day, and Database Weekly for a roundup of all the big stories in the SQL Server world. Email SSC Daily Newsletter Database Weekly Blogs 2025 Wrapped for Steve By Steve Jones I’ve often done some analysis of my year in different ways. Last year I... The Book of Redgate: Spread across the world By Steve Jones This was Redgate in 2010, spread across the globe. First the EU/US Here’s Asia... Merry Christmas By John Today is Christmas and while I do not expect anybody to actual be reading... Read the latest Blogs Forums Finding Motivation By Steve Jones - SSC Editor Comments posted to this topic are about the item Finding Motivation The Last Binary Value of the Year By Steve Jones - SSC Editor Comments posted to this topic are about the item The Last Binary Value of... SQL Art, Part 2: New Year Fireworks in SSMS By tedo Comments posted to this topic are about the item SQL Art, Part 2: New... Visit the forum Question of the Day The Last Binary Value of the Year What does this code return? SELECT cast(0x2025 AS NVARCHAR(20)) Image 1: Image 2: Image 3: Image 4: See possible answers About SQLServerCentral Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contribute Contributors Authors Newsletters