Allstate Protection Plans Skip to main content close Buy protection FAQs page Log in Get help Service and support Get help Service and support Back Partnerships Offer Allstate protection Partnerships Offer Allstate protection Back Suppliers Grow your business Suppliers Grow your business Back About us See our story About us See our story Back About Allstate Protection Plans Leadership Careers Inclusive Diversity & Equity Newsroom Register your plan file a claim Buy protection FAQs page Log in Get help Service and support Get help Service and support Back Partnerships Offer Allstate protection Partnerships Offer Allstate protection Back Suppliers Grow your business Suppliers Grow your business Back About us See our story About us See our story Back About Allstate Protection Plans Leadership Careers Inclusive Diversity & Equity Newsroom Register your plan file a claim Register your plan file a claim the protection plans that changed the way people think about protection plans How can we help you? Plan holders File a claim, register a plan, contact tech support, and more. Get help Partners Interested in offering Allstate Protection Plans to your customers? Our partners Suppliers Learn how to grow your business with Allstate Protection Plans. Our suppliers Buy protection Plans available for phones, electronics, appliances, furniture, and more. Shop plans Over the past decade, we've revolutionized the product protection category. We’ve done it with innovation, new technology, and by following the golden rule: treat others as you want to be treated. That’s why over 70% of consumers say they prefer Allstate Protection Plans over our competitors. And why Allstate Protection Plans are trusted by over 140 million customers and many of the largest retailers and mobile carriers in the world to protect everything from smartphones to appliances, TVs to furniture. Data Source: Allstate Protection Plans Brand Interaction Study, February 2021. Award-winning customer service We get you back up and running quick and easy with no hassles—including same-day phone repairs, one-visit in-home service appointments whenever possible, and easy online claims available 24/7. Available at your favorite places to shop Today, you’ll find Allstate Protection Plans at many of North America’s favorite retailers, both in stores and online. We also partner with retailers and mobile carriers in Europe, Japan, and Australia. You're in good hands® with Allstate For over 90 years, Allstate has been protecting people and the things they care about most. For our customers, that means peace of mind—knowing that their purchases are covered by a company that is going to be there, no matter what. When it comes to deciding whether or not to buy a protection plan, that makes a real difference. This was my first experience using Allstate Protection Plans. I was very pleased with the process from start to finish. My computer was repaired in a timely manner and returned to me sooner than I had expected. Linda F., Allstate Laptop Protection Plan customer No-hassle protection plan! Everyone that I dealt with was professional and kind. That is real service. Thank you. George H., Allstate Appliance Protection Plan customer Check out our blog Visit blog COMPANY Sofa Stains Top the List of Furniture Fails in Our Latest Damage Survey According to the survey, 67% of American households have accidentally damaged or stained a piece of furniture. BREAKABILITY Allstate Protection Plans Finds Samsung's Smartest Smartphones Are Still Vulnerable to Human Error We put Samsung's S24 phones to the test. MAJOR APPLIANCES 5 Home Appliance Energy-Saving Tips & Tricks Save money on your energy bill and help save the planet with these tips and tricks. back to top Contact us Blog Legal Notices Privacy Notice at Collection Accessibility Terms & Conditions © 2025 SquareTrade, Inc. All rights reserved Legal Notices Privacy Notice at Collection Accessibility Terms & Conditions