Buy a Domain Name — Domain Name Search — Squarespace Domains Squarespace Logo Squarespace Logo Log In Open menu Transfer a domain Build a website Log In Close menu Transfer a domain Build a website Log In Find a domain Buy your dream domain Every dream needs a domain. Start building yours with Squarespace. Need inspiration? Generate a domain using AI Inclusive, transparent pricing The price you see is the price you pay. Your domain comes with everything included — every feature, every tool, even taxes and fees are accounted for, so there are no surprises at check-out. Features Squarespace SQSP Others WHOIS privacy SSL certificate Premium DNS Email forwarding Spam-free parking pages Two-factor authentication Domain / URL forwarding 24/7 customer support Total value Included $11 - $130 Why choose Squarespace? For over 20 years, Squarespace has helped entrepreneurs turn their dreams into reality. Here, getting online is simple, because your domain comes with everything it should: powerful, built-in security and privacy protection, award-winning support, and tools that help you grow, for one transparent price. Privacy WHOIS privacy is included for all eligible domains. Email forwarding Up to 100 email forwarding addresses, included at no extra cost. Security Your site is secure with a free, automatically updated, SSL/TLS certificate from Let's Encrypt . Domain forwarding Connect your custom domain to your Squarespace website, or set up free domain forwarding to drive visitors to a desired landing experience (like your Bio Site or social media profile). Security without compromise Securing your domain shouldn’t cost you extra, with Squarespace, it doesn’t. Every Squarespace domain includes advanced security and privacy protection. Built-in security, backed by the best End-to-end encryption with DNSSEC powered by CloudDNS and SSL certificates to keep your connection safe, free with every domain. Extra security, where you need it most Two-factor authentication options provide an additional layer of protection for your account and your most important domain settings. Free privacy protection WHOIS privacy comes with every eligible domain, so your private information stays private. Stay informed and protected Your domain activity log keeps track of any changes made to your domain by domain owners and managers, so you remain in the know and in control. Buy a domain and bring your idea to life. Register your custom domain or transfer an existing domain to Squarespace and manage everything in one place. Build your site in minutes with powerful AI tools and bespoke templates or add a custom business email with Google Workspace. Do more with your domain, do it all with Squarespace. Already have a domain? Transfer an existing domain → Communicate with confidence Private, professional email from Google Workspace → Expand your brand Start building your own website → Register a domain name from over 400+ extensions Squarespace offers a wide-range of top-level domains, allowing you to customize your online presence to fit your brand or business. .com .net .org .io .co .xyz .me .music .tech .site .shop .store Explore all options → For those coming from Google Domains Expect a clean, familiar, experience Squarespace Domains includes the best of Google Domains, fair, all-in pricing that includes premium features like email forwarding, and a clean, easy-to-use interface. World class domain registration Register a domain with or without a website from Squarespace. Easily link your domain to any email provider, web host, or custom application. Learn more → How to search for and buy available domain names Enter your desired domain name into our domain name search tool or use our AI-powered domain name generator to get ideas. Check the availability of domain names on a wide range of TLDs, country codes, and domain extensions. Select one or more domain names and domain extensions – register misspellings and alternative domains to protect your brand name. Complete your domain registration with Squarespace so you can manage them in one place. Check out and pay. Frequently asked questions What is a domain name? A domain name is the unique web address that helps people find your website, like yourwebsite.com. It serves as your online identity, making it easier for visitors to access your site without needing to remember a long string of numbers (IP address). What is domain name registration? Domain name registration is the process of securing a unique web address for your website, ensuring that no one else can use it. This is done through a domain registrar like Squarespace, where you check domain name availability, choose your preferred name, and purchase it for a set period. How do I choose a domain registrar? When choosing a domain registrar, look for a provider that offers transparent pricing, easy domain management, and reliable support. It's also important to consider what else they offer, like website building tools, professional email, and security features. With Squarespace, you can buy your domain and manage everything from one place, with no hidden fees and seamless integration with your website. Do I have to use any other Squarespace services to use Squarespace Domains for my domains? No. Squarespace Domains do not require the purchase of a Squarespace website or any other Squarespace products or services. How do I get email for my domain? Squarespace makes it easy to get professional email for your domain. You can purchase email addresses through our partnership with Google Workspace. If you already have an email provider, we can guide you through adding the necessary DNS records to your domain settings to make sure everything works smoothly. We also offer email forwarding as a feature with each domain. What top-level domains are available on Squarespace? Squarespace is a trusted registrar with hundreds of available TLDs and domain extensions for your website. You can find the full list on our Help Center . Will I have domain or WHOIS privacy? Yes. Domain privacy is included for free with all eligible domains registered through Squarespace. To learn more, visit our guide to WHOIS privacy . Do Squarespace domains come with an SSL certificate? Yes, Squarespace domains are protected with free SSL certificates to improve security. SSL ensures safe connections and prevents hackers from impersonating you or stealing visitors' information. We automatically renew your SSL certificate for your domain if your website is hosted with us. How do I choose a domain name? Your domain name should reinforce your brand and be easy to find. If you have a business name already, try to use that as a guide, or use our Domain Name Generator to brainstorm ideas. In general, shorter domains with no numbers or hyphens are preferable. You can also consider purchasing multiple versions of your domain with any likely misspellings to help make sure customers find you. How do I ensure nobody else claims my domain? Once you’ve registered your domain with Squarespace, it’ll be set to automatically renew to ensure you keep ownership (we’ll send you a reminder email 30 days before it does). We also recommend you help protect your brand identity by purchasing popular TLD variants. For example, once you’ve settled on your domain name and are ready to purchase a .com domain, also consider adding .net, and .org. Does Squarespace offer free domains? When choosing an annual Squarespace website plan, you can register your first domain through Squarespace free for its first year. If I buy a domain, but my site isn't ready, what happens? While your site is under construction, Squarespace provides a beautiful, simple holding page free of any ads. When you're ready, our website builder makes it easy to launch your online presence with free web hosting, support, and storage included in your plan. Can my business sell Squarespace Domains? If you're interested in selling Squarespace Domains through your business's website, contact our team to learn more about our partnership options and integration process. Find the perfect domain for your website Already have a domain? Transfer your domain Products ↓ Websites Designer Templates Online Stores Services Scheduling Invoicing Content & Memberships Marketing Tools Professional Email Domain Endings ↓ ALL TLDS COM NET ORG IO CO AI ME TECH SITE SHOP STORE Resources ↓ Google Domains Help Center Forum Website Examples Hire An Expert Business Name Generator Domain Name Generator Company ↓ About Contact Us Security & Trust Report Abuse Terms of Service Privacy Policy Squarespace Logo Squarespace Logo English We are an ICANN accredited registrar.