Squaredle | Daily Word Search Puzzle New preview puzzle! Tap for the leaderboard ! Skip tutorial quaredle Close Settings Holiday sale! Register/Sign in Today's puzzle Archive & classics Special puzzles Achievements Merch Contribute About & feedback Please enable JavaScript to play Squaredle. Loading puzzle... / words (+ ) Today's difficulty: ★ ★ ★ Your score Global average X ​ ​ Don't show this again Close Loading beta puzzle... Words Today Yesterday Past This is the word list . It shows what words you've
          found and which words are still missing. You're almost done!
            Just close the word list and find
            your last word. Difficulty: Check here for hints when you've completed more of the
          puzzle (or at 3pm Pacific ) . Hints Sort words alphabetically Shows all missing words in the word list, sorted alphabetically
              with the words you've already found so you know where to look. Show some letters Shows the first letter of missing words in the word list.
              Longer words give the first two letters and even some ending
              letters. Reveals remaining: Select a word in the list below to reveal it (4–6 letters only).
              You get 1 free reveal per puzzle , and 1
                more if you find the Bonus Word of the Day . You get 4 additional reveals from Squaredle Squared. Upgrade to Squaredle Squared for an extra 4 reveals per puzzle. Upgrade to Squaredle Squared for an extra 4 reveals per puzzle. Show words in found order Want to replay this puzzle from scratch? Replay puzzle Play yesterday's board Show yesterday's words Words you missed are highlighted . Show words in found order Play today's puzzle Launch archives Squad note: Look up " " in : Squaredle About Help & feedback Squaredle is a daily word search game. Read on, or find more questions & answers in the Squaredle FAQs . Subscribe now for premium puzzles & features. How do I play? Find words by connecting letters in any direction. Squares fade out once you find all the words using them. Find all the
          words to clear the board! Tap the word count to see which words you've found and how long the remaining words are. Capitalized or hyphenated words
          usually aren't in our word list. If it helps, you can rotate the board with the rotate icon for another perspective. What's the progress bar? Longer words are worth more points, bringing you closer to unlocking
          the next perk . When you reach the first star ,
              tiles show how many words start with them . The second star reveals how many words use each tile . Get to the third to unlock hints in the word list. The globe icon represents the average of everyone's score so far. Try to beat it! When does the next puzzle come out? New puzzles come out each day at 3am Pacific. Monday puzzles are the easiest; Fridays are the hardest.
          Saturday puzzles have fun twists, and Sundays have tons of words. Each day also brings a new 3x3 Express puzzle. Can I use a physical keyboard? Yes! Type out the letters, then press < Enter > to
          submit the word. Use < Backspace > to delete a letter.
          The < Space bar > cycles between squares with
          the same letter. What's a bonus word? Obscure, archaic, and (some) slang words are "bonus" words — they're
          not part of your score, but they show up as "+1" next to the word
          count. The leaderboard shows who's found the most bonus words. More about bonus words How can I help? Sign up for Squaredle Squared or donate toward server costs. Thanks! You're already helping by subscribing to Squaredle Squared. Thank
            you! You can also donate toward server costs or become a Ko-fi member for access to upcoming
            features and puzzles. Find more questions & answers in the Squaredle FAQs here . Credits Terms of Use Privacy Policy v3.29.5 Squaredle FAQs Account: Register / sign in Squared: No Yes Feedback: Select a topic Submit Email address is only used for Squaredle to
                identify and respond to your comments. We don't share it or spam it. Credits Thanks Thanks to all our beta testers, especially
      Carol, Jenn, Joanne, Jonathan, Julia, Laura, Pete, & Shannon. Words Squaredle has licensed the official NASPA word list, NWL2023 ,
      to determine which words are valid. We then separate these into required
      and bonus words based on how familiar American English speakers are with
      these words. Definitions Definitions come from Wiktionary, the free dictionary. Note that words
      that users have contributed to Wiktionary might not be valid in Squaredle! Music Sounds effects from ZapSplat Danger Storm by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Edm Detection Mode by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Half Mystery by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Hypnothis by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Impact Prelude by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Odyssey by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Raving Energy by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Screen Saver by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) The Lift by Kevin MacLeod ( License ) Misc Mouse clicker icons created by Freepik - Flaticon Contribute Help support Squaredle by signing up for Squaredle Squared and get access to premium settings and content! All subscriptions start
        with a 7-day free trial . Thanks for being a Squaredle Squared member! You can also donate directly to Squaredle .
      All donation revenue goes toward costs to support Squaredle's growing
      user base, like servers and licenses. Support Squaredle Register Tie your account to your email address to safeguard your scores,
        streaks & username. Especially important since you're on Safari, which likes to
        erase website data. Already registered? Sign in instead Email: Password: Confirm: Send weekly score recaps and occasional news Do you need to sign in instead? Register We'll never spam or share your email. It's just to provide you access to
        your account and provide occasional updates. Great! You can now sign in on other devices. Or just keep playing by closing this window . Sign in Sign in to recover your scores, streaks & username. Haven't signed up yet? Register here Email: Password: If you have an account with that email address, a password reset link
        has been emailed to you. Sign in Forgot your password? Request a password reset email. Sign-in successful. Reloading... Your data has been synced. You can now close this window . Reset password Reset your password. Email: New password: Confirm: Reset password Password has been reset. Please sign in with your updated password. Your password reset link is expired. Please sign in or request a password reset again. Signed in You're signed in as . Your progress will sync with other devices you sign into. Sign out Settings Save 25% on gift memberships! Get Squaredle Squared —
        25% off your first year! Subscription payment failed Please check your payment method. Billing details Register or sign in Signed in as Dark mode Right-handed mode Show timer at bottom Enlarge small text Increases the size of some UI elements, including the small numbers in
      each square indicating how often the squares are used, and the timer (if
      shown). Theme: Blue Red Teal Purple Green Black Orange Beige (dark) Gold (dark) Peach Audio Beta FAQs Squaredle Squared Support the game with Squaredle Squared to hide ads and unlock the puzzle archive and replays, weekly specials, customization options, 45° board
        rotation, extra hints, and a cool badge on the leaderboard.
        Plus 15% off merch ! Game font: Roboto Wordly Mono Serif Roman Typed Cursive Script Hand Meow Rotate board 45° Reload to take effect Unlock perks (slightly) faster Reload to take effect Loading subscription details... It looks like you have Squaredle Squared, but a bug is preventing your
        subscription status from being shown here. Please send feedback or
        contact if you need to change or cancel your
        subscription. Sorry! Your subscription has expired. Reload to re-subscribe Enjoy your gift membership! You get 15% off at the Squaredle Shop (applied automatically). Your subscription will renew on Your will expire on when your trial ends . Enable auto-renew Disable auto-renew Billing details Get Squaredle Squared Send a 1-year gift membership Redeem a gift code Gift code Redeem your gift code here. Redeem Successfully applied a of Squaredle
        Squared! Please refresh to access premium features and remove ads. If you have problems applying your gift code,
        please submit feedback and we'll sort it out! Please register or sign in first, then return here to apply the gift code to your account. Audio Audio is experimental and may cause performance issues on iOS devices. Background music Music Sound effects Effects Auto-enable audio Audio will start the first time you interact with the page (or, on
          some devices, as soon as you load the page). Share Share Copy Share to get a hint for the Bonus Word of the Day. Bonus Word of the Day hint: Tap to reveal Chat about this puzzle with other players and the puzzle author in our Discord community ! Today's difficulty: Next board in New board available! Refresh to play. This puzzle is part of Squaredle's celebration of Canadian Thanksgiving.
      For more Canadian fun, check out the hosers at Canuckle . Happy Canada Day! For more Canadian fun, check out the hosers at Canuckle . This puzzle is a tribute to Waffle , a fun daily word puzzle.
      Give it a try! You're playing a special puzzle right now.
        Squaredle publishes a new puzzle every day. Read about the making of this puzzle in The Making of a Squaredle ! Happy Kwanzaa! Enjoy this special puzzle. Play Kwanzaa puzzle Merry Christmas! Santa has brought us a special puzzle. Play Christmas puzzle Happy Hanukkah! A fellow Squaredler has commissioned a puzzle in
      celebration of this holiday: Play Hanukkah puzzle Play today's daily puzzle Play standard Squaredle Play Squaredle Express Play past puzzles Go to Waffle Leaderboard Global scores World Your scores You Name: Register to keep your username. Sorted by score & words. Tiebreaker: bonus words | accuracy | speed Sorts by the number of bonus words found. Sorts by the percent of guessed words that are correct. Ignores
          bonus words. Sorts by how long you spend on the puzzle. Your timer pauses when your
          browser is in the background, your screen is off, or a popup is open
          (like this one). After you've solved the puzzle, finding bonus words
          doesn't count against your time. Global Favorites Name Score/Words/Bonus You're by Compare with friends 100% - 50% - 0% - 🔥 streak (days played) 🔥 solve streak (days solved) puzzles played puzzles solved average score % current score
              ( / ) current accuracy ... % current global average score Invite friends You are now following this user on
      Squaredle! You can find them in the leaderboards when you view by Favorites, if they've played today. Invite your friends to Squaredle with a special link. This link will let them automatically favorite you in the
        leaderboards so they can compare their score with yours. To find them in
        the leaderboards, ask for their link! Your Squaredle link: Copied to clipboard! Tap or long-press to copy. Refresh to upgrade A new version of Squaredle was released! Tap to refresh for new features and bug fixes. If you are seeing this screen several times in a row, your browser may be
      loading an older version of the site. Try clearing your browser cache (but
      not your cookies). New board available Today's new board is here! Refresh to play. Upgrade to Squaredle Squared to play yesterday's puzzle and the rest of the archive, remove ads, and
      more. Bonus Word of the Day You've earned a free word reveal !
        Check the word list to use it. Privacy See Privacy Policy Set cookie choices Loading consent manager. (Please ensure you are connected to the
        Internet, and temporarily disable any ad blockers.) To set your privacy choices for Squaredle, first skip
      or complete this tutorial. Waffle Squaredle Waffle is a
      Wordle-inspired game shaped like a waffle in which you swap letters
      until you've formed all six words. Go play it! This special Squaredle is actually a past Waffle, converted into a Squaredle puzzle for your enjoyment. Bon appétit! Play Waffle Squaredle Waffle Squaredle #2 Waffle is a
      Wordle-inspired game shaped like a waffle in which you swap letters
      until you've formed all six words. Go play it! Have you already solved today's Waffle (#391)? Now you can play this Waffle as a Squaredle puzzle! Warning: Contains spoilers for Waffle #391 . Play Waffle Squaredle #2 Waffle Ingredients Welcome, Waffle players! Waffle is a
      Wordle-inspired game shaped like a waffle in which you swap letters
      until you've formed all six words. In Squaredle , the goal is to spell out words by swiping contiguous letters
      in any direction (including diagonally). Can you find 7 waffle ingredients ? Hint: One ingredient is made up of 2 words you can find separately. Find Waffle Ingredients Waffle Squaredle Welcome, Waffle players! Play this Waffle as a Squaredle puzzle by dragging from letter to
        letter to spell out words. Can you find all the words hidden in
      the Waffle? Play the tutorial to learn how to use the word list
      and the keyboard (if you have one), or skip directly to the Squaredle puzzle. Play quick tutorial Skip to Waffle Squaredle Canada, Eh? Squaredle is celebrating Canada with our daily puzzles this Monday thru
      Wednesday! Play Squaredle by dragging from letter to letter to spell out words. For another fun challenge, try the smaller Squaredle
      Express puzzle found in the Share menu. Play a quick tutorial or skip directly to your Squaredle
      puzzle. Play quick tutorial Skip to Squaredle Browser not supported Sorry, your browser is too outdated to run this site. Please upgrade to a newer version of Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc. ( ) Install Squaredle Install Squaredle as a standalone app for convenient access from your Home
      screen. The app works the same as the website and requires no extra permissions. Don't ask again Install Error Sorry, Squaredle has encountered an error. (Most errors are temporary, but we monitor them
      to fix persistent issues.) Tap to reload page Developer options WARNING! This window is intended for developers. Restart tutorial Remove two words Reset today's solution Solve today's puzzle Show explainer Reset explainers Reset messages Date: Networking errors No errors detected Generate debug data Download Scroll: ( , ) Join the community Join a Squaredle community to share your scores, discuss puzzles, give
      feature suggestions and report bugs. Discord r/squaredle on Reddit @SquaredleApp on Twitter Facebook group Support Squaredle Squaredle Shop Squaredle merch is now available! Visit the Squaredle Shop for special holiday pricing and 5% off your order. and, as a Squaredle Squared member, an exclusive 15% discount on your entire order (shown at checkout). Bonus word You've found a bonus word ! (In the tutorial puzzle, all words except the tutorial words are treated
      as "bonus" words.) Bonus words make the base game easier by excluding obscure or questionable
      words. Finding them won't progress your score, but they show up on the
      leaderboards. Bonus words include: Archaic, obscure or domain-specific words eyne, arty, graviton Non-American English words colour, tyre, brae Some slang holla, nosh There are usually about 2x more bonus words than required words. Bonus
      words ensure that puzzles remain accessible to all, while recognizing
      players' diverse vocabularies. Wow! You've found all bonus words today. Congrats! Squaredle Squared Your subscription is being processed by .
        Please refresh in a few
        minutes. Squaredle Squared removes ads and unlocks premium puzzles & settings. on your first year and on gift memberships ! Start your own subscription (new subscriptions start with a 7-day free trial) : Monthly $3 .99 /month $2 .99 /month first 12 months Cancel anytime Annually $34 .99 /year $26 .24 for 1st year Save an extra 27%! No ads Play the archive — peruse over a thousand
          puzzles or just finish yesterday's Enjoy 15% off at the Squaredle Shop Enjoy premium puzzles — a premium member-only puzzle
          every week Play occasional subscriber-only special puzzles Replay puzzles as many times as you want Change the board font Unlock hints faster (optional) in each puzzle Reveal up to 5 words per puzzle Get a premium icon next to your leaderboard scores Enable 45° board rotation Get access to the Supporters Lounge in Discord Monthly $3 .99 /month $2 .99 /month first 12 months Cancel anytime Annually $34 .99 /year $26 .24 for 1st year Save an extra 27%! Send a 1-year gift membership: Gift Squaredle Squared $34 .99 $26 .24 Already a Squared member? Sign in Please register with your email address first so we can save your
        Squared subscription to your account. Register Sign in Monthly - $3 .99 /month Monthly - $2 .99 /month for 12 months, then $3 .99 /month disable auto-renewal from Settings anytime Annually - $34 .99 /year Annually - $26 .24 for your first year, then $34 .99 /year disable auto-renewal from Settings anytime Credit, bank, etc. Apple/Google Pay Starts with 7 days free. Cancel in Settings anytime. < Back Thanks for your support! Please complete checkout at Stripe, then reload this page to access Squaredle Squared features. < Back Squaredle Squared Thanks for supporting us by signing up for Squaredle Squared! We've confirmed your subscription. Try selecting some customization options in Settings ! Or jump into the puzzle archives . You can also request the Supporter role on our Discord . Your subscription is processing. It should be ready momentarily. You can refresh to check your subscription again, or close this window to keep playing. Your subscription has been confirmed. Thanks! Please refresh to enable premium content and settings. It looks like you signed into Squaredle on a different browser. Please
        switch back to that window to access Squaredle Squared features. Alternatively, you may sign in here to continue using this browser. Special Squaredles Specials Member Weekly Squaredle Squared Squaredle Squared members get a premium weekly puzzle each week. Play Member Weekly Express The daily 3x3 Squaredle Express is fast and fun! Play Squaredle Express Past puzzles Classics Try these re-released versions of some favorite Squaredles! Archive Pick up where you left off on any past puzzle. Requires a Squaredle Squared membership. Weekly and Express puzzles are coming soon! Hide completed puzzles Expand all Loading...