SQUID: Global News App - Personalized News & Worldwide Reach Skip to content English English Spanish German French For Publishers For Partners For Advertisers For Content Creators Blog About Contact Us Contact Us English English Spanish German French Main Menu For Publishers For Partners For Advertisers For Content Creators Blog About All News. All Perspectives. One Service. Navigate through a world of news, all personalized to you. Simplify your news consumption – download now! Also available on Global News, Local Languages Access news from 60+ countries and read local updates in your preferred language instantly with SQUID’s convenient edition-switching feature. All News. All Perspectives. One Service. Navigate through a world of news, all personalized to you. Simplify your news consumption – download now! Also available on Discover Diverse News in One App Explore SQUID’s curated news feed with diverse content from multiple publishers, offering comprehensive coverage and varied perspectives. Discover Diverse News in One App Explore SQUID’s curated news feed with diverse content from multiple publishers, offering comprehensive coverage and varied perspectives. Reach Mobile Users Globally with SQUID Ads SQUID Ads connects brands with Android users at scale—in Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, and China—delivering engagement within and across countries in a brand-safe environment with strong visibility and optimized performance. Read More Reach Mobile Users Globally with SQUID Ads SQUID Ads connects brands with Android users at scale—in Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, and China—delivering engagement within and across countries in a brand-safe environment with strong visibility and optimized performance. Read More Global News,
Local Languages Access news from 60+ countries and read local updates in your preferred language instantly with SQUID’s convenient edition-switching feature. Global News, Local Languages Access news from 60+ countries and read local updates in your preferred language instantly with SQUID’s convenient edition-switching feature. Innovative News Discovery Explore SQUID’s curated news feed with diverse content from multiple publishers, offering comprehensive coverage and varied perspectives. Innovative News Discovery Explore SQUID’s curated news feed with diverse content from multiple publishers, offering comprehensive coverage and varied perspectives. Available on Available on SQUID - Android and iOS application and Newsfeed for leading smartphones. Head office in Stockholm, Sweden since 2014. Follow SQUID for news, updates and support. Facebook Linkedin Tiktok Instagram About SQUID SQUID App, Njuice AB, is a media-tech company with head-quarter in Stockholm, Sweden. SQUID is a fast-growing news media app targeting millennials in Europe, Asia, South Africa and North and South America, launched in more than 60 countries. The app is widely recognized with more than 20 Million users monthly and has received very good consumer reviews and very positive coverage in the media in all markets where launched. Copyright © SQUIDAPP(NJUICE AB) 2024. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Scroll to Top