Email To Fax – How To Fax From Email - Secure HIPAA Compliant Faxing Service From Computer PC or Phone Menu Contact Sign In Fax Plans Healthcare Solutions Support How SRFax Works How To Fax Online Email to Fax FAQs System Status Developers Why Choose Our Fax API? Internet Fax API Download API Classes More About Us Reviews Utilities & Tools Security & Privacy Fax Plans Standard Plans Healthcare Solutions Support FAQs How SRFax Works How To Fax Online International Rates System Status Developers Why Choose Our API? API Information Download API Classes More About Us Reviews Utilities & Tools Porting Your Number to SRFax Write A Review Sitemap Security & Privacy Security Overview Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy HIPAA Compliance PHIPA Compliance Terms of Service Regulations Service Level Agreement Contact Sign In (604) 713-8000 Email to fax. Secure SSL encryption. Email to fax has never been easier from an office computer PC or phone! HIPAA compliance and SSL encryption for healthcare providers (hospitals, clinics, pharmacies, physicians, etc.), business enterprise and small businesses offer peace of mind. Find a Plan Use Our Online Portal or Your Email and Get Real Help From Real People Our service is compatible with any desktop PC, Mac or phone and is iOS compatible. see how it works . Our support team is based in British Columbia, Canada and are available Mon – Fri 6 am to 5pm PST. View Reviews End-To-End Encryption Keep your documents on lockdown. Our robust data encryption process is trusted by healthcare, legal, real estate, and government professionals. We are HIPAA-compliant and our plans meet all industry standard security requirements. Security Overview Develop With Our API Our software can be integrated into your current infrastructure by using our fax API in your application development. Find Out How Enterprise Solutions If our standard or healthcare plans don’t fit your needs and you need a larger plan, please contact our sales staff. Contact Us Healthcare Solutions We ensure that your documents are encrypted to be fully HIPAA compliant and safeguard your data in accordance with U.S. HIPAA laws and Canadian PHIPA guidelines. Healthcare Plans Get Started Now! You can cancel anytime, no questions asked. We will provide you with a local or toll-free number, unlimited online storage and an easy-to-use portal that works with any email service. How to Port Your Number Fax Plans Standard Plans Healthcare Solutions Support FAQs How SRFax Works How To Fax Online International Rates System Status Developers Why Choose Our API? API Information Download API Classes More About Us Reviews Utilities & Tools Porting Your Number to SRFax Write A Review Sitemap Security & Privacy Security Overview Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy HIPAA Compliance PHIPA Compliance Terms of Service Regulations Service Level Agreement OFFICE (604) 713-8000 TOLL FREE (866) 554-0263 FAX (604) 713-6699 (866) 492-0362 Copyright 2025 SRFax - All Rights Reserved Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies and other similar technologies to personalize and enhance your experience on our website. Visit our Privacy Policy to learn more. You may withdraw your consent at any time . Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent