Enable accessibility
Will Call at our Harrisburg, PA, Duluth, GA, Dallas, TX, and Bolingbrook, IL DCs ends soon. Last order placement is December 29th at 4 pm local time. Final pickup is December 30th at 3 pm local time. For full DC transition details, click here.
Log in/Register
Brands
Shop
Sale
Explore
Resources
Your Source for Wholesale Apparel
Top Brands. Fashionable Styles. Excellent Customer Service.
Sign Up Today!
100+ Brands
exclusive distributor of Hanes, adidas, Oakley and more.
1-2 Day Delivery
thanks to our strategically placed warehouses.
Free Freight
Delivery on orders over $200!
Buy Now, Pay Later
with the option to apply for net 30 day terms.
Register Now!
Shop By Category
T-shirts & Tops
Sweatshirts & Fleece
Headwear
Bags
Popular Brands at S&S Activewear
Your Trusted Partner
Fulfilling 6+ Million Orders Annually
Leading the Way in Automation
Awarded Inc. Best in Business 2024
Lowest Error Rates in the Industry
Maintaining the Deepest Inventory in the Industry
Marketing Resources
S&S Activewear is here to help you move your business.
Catalogs
Customizable & category-specific catalogs to showcase products & match your clients' interests.
Catalogs
Customization
Personalized marketing materials enhance professionalism and credibility.
Customization
Marketing Assets
Instantly access high-quality marketing resources, such as product images and specs.
Marketing Assets
Technology Resources
Integrate our tech solutions to streamline projects and your business.
Technology Resources
The Hub
Get expert guidance and tips from hundreds of articles, videos, and podcasts.
The Hub
What Are You Waiting For?
We've got dozens of high-performance brands, thousands of apparel and accessory styles, and endless colorways to explore. Why not unlock our full potential? Sign up now and let's start the partnership your business has been looking for.
Register Now!
We make your inbox look good.
Sign up to receive S&S Activewear inspiration and industry insights right in your inbox.
Subscribe
My Account
Sign Up
Order Tracking & History
Invoices
Payment Methods
Manage Shipping Addresses
Account Statement
Quick Links
Marketing Tools
Image Library
Catalogs
Custom Websites
Business Forms
Electronic Integration
Tradeshows
Help Center
Change Password
Contact Us
FAQ
Shipping Coverage
Return Policy
Website Video Guides
About S&S Activewear
About Us
Sustainability
Responsible Sourcing
Careers
Press Room
Blog
Accessibility Statement
Prime Line Hard Goods
English
©2025 S&S Activewear
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
California Supply Chains Act
Canada Forced Labor Law
Site Map
Customize Cookie Settings
We use cookies and similar technologies to maintain security, enable site functionality, and improve our site. We also use cookies and similar technologies for marketing purposes and to provide personalized content and advertising. You can reject all non-strictly necessary cookies by clicking the corresponding button. You may also choose to customize your cookie settings. By pressing “Accept All Cookies” or continuing to use this site you agree to ourPrivacy Policy (except to the extent you have opted out of certain cookies) and ourTerms of Use
Customize Cookie Settings Reject Non-Strictly Necessary Cookies Accept All Cookies