Stanford Social Innovation Review: Informing and Inspiring Leaders of Social Change Social Issues Education, Health, Security, etc. Arts & Culture Cities Civic Engagement Economic Development Education Energy Environment Food Health Human Rights Security Social Services Water & Sanitation Sectors Government, Nonprofit, Business, etc. Business Foundations Government Nonprofits & NGOs Social Enterprise Solutions Advocacy, Funding, Leadership, etc. Advocacy Collaboration Design Thinking Governance Impact Investing Leadership Measurement & Evaluation Organizational Development Philanthropy & Funding Scaling Technology Magazine Current Issue All Issues Sponsored Supplements In-Depth Series Podcasts Webinars Events Books Ebooks Videos Newsletter Global Editions About Us About SSIR Stanford PACS Contact Us Submission Guidelines Advertise Subscriber Help Reprints Terms of Use Privacy Site Map Donate Social Issues Arts & Culture Cities Civic Engagement Economic Development Education Energy Environment Food Health Human Rights Security Social Services Water & Sanitation Sectors Business Foundations Government Nonprofits & NGOs Social Enterprise Solutions Advocacy Collaboration Design Thinking Governance Impact Investing Leadership Measurement & Evaluation Organizational Development Philanthropy & Funding Scaling Technology magazine Current Issue All Issues Sponsored Supplements Global Editions more In-Depth Series Podcasts Webinars Events Books Ebooks Videos Newsletter Stanford PACS Submission Guidelines About Us Leadership The 10 Most Popular SSIR Articles of 2025 By SSIR Editors Building collective capacity; AI's power for the greater good; grappling with systems collapse; lessons from collaborative philanthropy; and more. Government From Fighters to Custodians By Ugo Lucio Borga , Leonardo Delfanti & Gino Paoletti In the heart of the Colombian jungle, COMUCCOM fosters reconciliation through community-led rebirth and collective action. Environment A World of Innovation By SSIR Global Edition Editors Reflections from SSIR global editions’ editors on the issue areas and articles that have resonated most with their readers. Donate to SSIR Government The Peace Laboratory By Daniela Blei After Colombia's civil war, the government reinstituted state authority in remote jungle regions by working with community leaders to satisfy local needs. Advocacy The Genesis of a Climate Metanetwork By S. Aqeel Tirmizi & Timothy G. Staub A new case study chronicles how ecoAmerica has developed a network to inform and coordinate other networks to push for climate action. With a reach of 60 million people across the United States, it offers important lessons for other large-scale social change efforts. Impact Investing There Is No Such Thing as Impact Investing By Kevin Starr 11 There is philanthropic investing, and there is commercial investing, and there is nothing in between. Collaboration Need a Boost? 14 Stories That Inspired Us in 2025 By SSIR Editors Innovation stories on collaborating for greater impact, protecting and preserving history, an inspiring model of civic leadership, and more. Cities SSIR’s 2025 Social Innovation Reading List By SSIR Editors Looking for a new book over winter break? Here’s a collection of some of our most popular book reviews and excerpts published in 2025. Education Scaling Across Borders By Ashleigh Gillwald Morrell Teaching at the Right Level (TaRL) Africa shares lessons for effectively supporting government partners and working within existing systems. Latest Excerpt Measurement & Evaluation What ‘Good’ Means By Emily F. Gates & Pablo Vidueira An excerpt from Evaluative Inquiry for Systemic Change on embedding value into evaluation Business An Opportunity to Build the Ownership Economy By Marjorie Kelly 1 The time for worker ownership may have finally come. Excerpt Leadership If You Want People in the Office, Build One Worth Coming To By Phil Gilbert An excerpt from Irresistible Change on a return-to-office strategy that works Technology What Kind of World Is AI Building? By Jeff de Kleijn & Antoine Fourmont-Fingal The ideologies behind today's most powerful technology Excerpt Environment A New Story for the Environment By Nancy J. Manring An excerpt from A World of Wounds on finding a new way to heal Read More » browse past issues all issues » Winter 2026 Fall 2025 Summer 2025 Spring 2025 Most Commented Impact Investing There Is No Such Thing as Impact Investing By Kevin Starr 11 There is philanthropic investing, and there is commercial investing, and there is nothing in between. Governance Open Board Search By Cleveland Justis , Susan S. Boren , Stephanie Duncan Karp & Daniel Student 10 How a new approach to recruiting board members can transform nonprofits. sponsored No Way Out Without a Fight By Abigail Dillen 7 The ground-up work to stop US oil and gas expansion and create new climate politics Government Laying the Groundwork for Government-Led Poverty Reduction By Dianne Calvi & Taddeo Muriuki 7 Four priorities for NGOs turning to local government partnerships in the face of funding cuts to help build lasting, large-scale solutions to poverty. Collaboration The Impact Collaborative By Soren Kaplan 6 A new nonprofit alliance model shows how previously siloed organizations can collaborate to scale services while retaining autonomy. Read More » Free Weekly eNewsletter Sign up latest newsletter SSIR is published by the Stanford Center on Philanthropy and Civil Society , at Stanford University . About SSIR Stanford PACS Contact Us Submission Guidelines Advertise Subscriber Help Reprints Terms of Use Privacy Site Map Copyright © 2025 Stanford University. Designed by Arsenal , developed by Hop Studios Manage Cookie Preferences