SSL Certificate Comparison and Reviews Buy from the highest-rated provider Buy SSL.com Certificate x Compare and Choose the Right SSL Certificate Provider Easy Comparison. Customer Reviews. Great Tools. Compare Certificates Cheap SSL Certificates EV Certificates Multi-Domain (SAN) Certificates Wildcard Certificates Code Signing Certificates What to expect from SSL Shopper We've compared the top SSL Certificate providers to help you find the perfect SSL Certificate for you. SSL Comparison Use our comparison charts to find the right certificate for you. SSL FAQ Learn about SSL so you can buy the right product and get it configured. SSL Reviews We've collected thousands of reviews from real customers. Feel free to share your own! SSL Tools Check, compare, decode, convert. Tools to help you get the job done. SSL Certificate Tools SSL Checker CSR Decoder Certificate Decoder Certificate Key Matcher SSL Converter Check the SSL Certificate On Your Site Enter a Server Hostname: Check SSL Top SSL Certificate Providers From $ 218 Get Pricing #1 Rated Certificate Provider From $ 49 Get Pricing From $ 79 Get Pricing New to SSL? Start Here What is SSL and why do I need it? SSL (which stands for Secure Sockets Layer) is an encryption technology that creates an
					encrypted connection between a web server (Apache, IIS, Nginx) and a web browser
					(Chrome, Firefox, Safari) allowing for private information to be transmitted without
					eavesdropping, data tampering, and message forgery. SSL essentially protects credit card numbers
					and other information from malicious third-parties like criminal hackers and third-party service
					providers (Internet Service Providers).
					It also protects your site from malware and prevents others from injecting
					advertisements into your resources. An SSL certificate is recommended for every website
					to protect user privacy and prevent tampering. To enable SSL on your website, you will need to get an
					SSL Certificate and install it on your web server. What to look for in an SSL Provider To get an SSL Certificate, you need to verify your organization's identity (or domain control) with a
					certificate provider, generally known as a Certificate Authority.
					Certification authorities have to keep detailed records of what has been issued and the
					information used to issue it, and are audited regularly to make sure that they are
					following defined procedures. Every certificate authority has different products, prices, features, and levels of customer
					satisfaction. You will primarily want to compare the following when choosing a certificate authority: Product features - Does the certificate authority provide a certificate with the features you need? Support - Does the certificate authority offer quality customer support when you need it? Price - Is the certificate within your price range? Learn more about choosing a certificate provider or read our SSL Certificate reviews to find the best provider to purchase from. Geting started with SSL To get started with SSL, just follow these steps: Determine the features you need. Will customers trust you more with a OV or EV certificate?
						Do you need to secure multiple names with a UC or wildcard certificate? Determine your budget. Certificates range from $0 to thousands of dollars. Evaluate providers. Read our certificate provider reviews from real customers.
						This will give you a better sense of what to expect from the company. Buy and install certificate. After you buy the certificate, you'll need to install it on your web server.
						A provider with great customer support can be very helpful if any problems arise. We guide you through the above steps in our with our SSL wizard, comparison charts, and reviews. We’ve done the research for you, so you can find the best SSL certificate provider for you. Get Started Now © 2025 SSL Shopper™ Cheapest All-Inclusive Resorts |
					All Rights Reserved Full Disclosure | Product Reviews Home SSL Wizard SSL FAQ SSL Reviews SSL News Site Map About SSL Tools Join Our Newsletter Sign up to receive occasional SSL Certificate deal emails. Subscribe