Skip to content
Current students Current postgraduates Staff
	
Submit
Study at St Andrews
Subjects
Research
Alumni and supporters
Meet us
About
Contact
Course search

Search through all the courses we offer.

Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Online courses
Short courses
January orientation

The University of St Andrews welcomes all students joining in January 2026.

Orientation website

Orientation app

Postgraduate study at Scotland's top university

St Andrews is Scottish University of the Year and second in the UK in both The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide 2026 and The Guardian University Guide 2026.

Join our postgraduate community and access world-leading research facilities and cutting-edge resources. Our taught Masters degrees and flexible online courses allow you to achieve your potential and advance your career.

Explore Masters study

Online Masters

YouTube may set functionality cookies when this video is played. Cookie preferences

Master your ambition. Where academic heritage meets global impact. Where your future starts.

Video transcript
Study at St Andrews
Short courses at St Andrews
Research
Choose St Andrews
Fees and funding
Scholarships
Accommodation
How to apply for undergraduate study
How to apply for postgraduate study
Meet us
Current students
MySaint
Moodle
Library
MMS
Semester dates
Making Waves: The Campaign for St Andrews

Great universities never stand still. They must take the lead as society’s engines of innovation and change, and St Andrews needs to be at the forefront.

Making Waves: The Campaign for St Andrews aims to raise £300 million to achieve this ambition through a number of the key projects. 

With your support, we can make waves and shape the future not only of our University, but of our world.

More about the campaign

Featured news

All news
New Global Research Centres

Two new Global Research Centres will focus development and understanding around global health and changing climates.

Olympic Beach Sprint

St Andrews named GB Beach Sprint Performance Academy and Olympic Training Venue for Los Angeles 2028.

Habitable exoplanet

New research with the James Webb Space Telescope finds habitable conditions beyond our solar system.

Events at St Andrews

The University of St Andrews community hosts a vibrant mix of events, from academic lectures and research conferences to concerts, exhibitions and cultural festivals.

Whether engaging in discussions, celebrating traditions or enjoying live performances, there’s always something to experience.

All upcoming events

Race Equality Charter award for St Andrews

The University has achieved an AdvanceHE Race Equality Charter (REC) Bronze Award in recognition of its work to improve the representation, progression and success of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic people at St Andrews.

Race Equality Charter
Your St Andrews
Current students
Postgraduate
Staff
Semester dates
Jobs at St Andrews
Policies, procedures and guidance
Navigation
Academic Schools and Departments
Study at St Andrews
Subjects
Research
Alumni and donors
Community facilities
Business services
Visiting
About
News
Events
Contact
Contact us

University of St Andrews
College Gate
St Andrews
KY16 9AJ

Phone

+44 (0)1334 47 6161

Social media
Facebook
X
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
WeChat
Weibo

© 2025 The University of St Andrews is a charity registered in Scotland, No: SC013532

Accessibility statement Terms and conditions Website help