University of St Andrews - Scotland's first university, founded 1413 Skip to content Current students Current postgraduates Staff University of St Andrews Toggle search Hide search Submit Navigation Study at St Andrews Subjects Research Alumni and supporters Meet us About Contact Course search Search through all the courses we offer. Additional options Undergraduate Postgraduate Online courses Short courses January orientation The University of St Andrews welcomes all students joining in January 2026. Orientation website Orientation app Postgraduate study at Scotland's top university St Andrews is Scottish University of the Year and second in the UK in both The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide 2026 and The Guardian University Guide 2026 . Join our postgraduate community and access world-leading research facilities and cutting-edge resources. Our taught Masters degrees and flexible online courses allow you to achieve your potential and advance your career. Explore Masters study Online Masters Master your ambition. Where academic heritage meets global impact. Where your future starts. Video transcript [Music] >> Professor Kishan Dholakia, School of Physics and Astronomy: By having a very strong research active University that competes with the best internationally, we can teach our postgraduate community how to evolve as researchers, how to work with our peer groups, in a way that wouldn't happen were we have to focus solely on teaching. >> Ethan, PhD Philosophy: The research interests of the academic staff was the most important thing when deciding to come here. >> Webster, PhD Divinity: I find being in this place academically challenging, stimulating, and the community is captivating. >> Julia, MLitt Museum and Gallery Studies: As a student, St Andrews is a world of it’s own. I just think it is the most brilliant and other-worldly place you could ever have. >> Webster, PhD Divinity: To be a student in St Andrews is the ultimate of student experience in higher education. >> Professor Judith Wolfe, School of Divnity: St Andrews is a very special University because it is so small and intimate, and yet punches so far above its weight, in terms of research, in terms of the caliber of students that we get, and in terms of community. >> Fiona, PhD Medicine: The postgraduate community in St Andrews is quite a close-knit one. >> Hoi Chun, MLitt Marketing: Very warm and welcoming. Really easy to get to know them just because you are in a small town. You get that sense of belonging. >> Dr Dharani Balasubramaniam, School of Computer Science: St Andrews is a research intensive University. Most of the teaching staff are research active. So their interests feed into teaching. >> The research really is the life blood of the University. >> Nicole, MLitt Terrorism and Political Violence: The professors are always putting out new pieces of research. They really are pioneers in the field. >> Julie Brooks, School of Management: We’re very lucky at St Andrews. We have really the best of the best applying, and it means we really get a very, very high quality student. >> Dr James Rae, School of Earth and Environmental Sciences: We want people who are curious, who are motivated, who want to understand the world around them. >> Dr Charles Warren, School of Geography and Sustainable Development: People who are willing to be challenged, and also to challenge, and people beyond their studies, people who are keen to contribute to the wider life of the University. >> Gabrielle, MSc Marine Mammal Science: I’ve learned a lot of things and I’ve made so many contacts. It’s been the best experience of my entire life. I've loved every second of it. >> One of the things that is really important is that we are a community of scholars. The staff and the students. >> Hannah, MLitt Museum and Gallery Studies: Life at St Andrews is wonderful. I think it’s completely unique. There’s so much to do, you cannot be bored. >> Morag, PhD Modern History: I have so many ideas about what I’m going to do when I graduate. I’ve had loads of opportunities and I’ve met so many new people. >> St Andrews has an excellent track record of seeing their postgraduates move on to illustrious careers in all walks of life. >> Students make a lot of contacts during their studies, and that can lead to career opportunities once they graduate. >> Professor Frank Lorenz Muller, Dean of Arts and Divinity: We have everything from lawyers, to diplomats, to journalists. They come with this great mark of quality on to a market that wants to take them into either professional or academic life afterwards. >> When I was studying biology I read a book written by one of the professors here. Getting to have classes and meet him was, like, amazing for me! >> Kara, MLitt Terrorism and Political Violence: It was really a non-brainer when I went to look for my masters degree. I really wanted the international community that St Andrews offers, as well as their international reputation. >> Before studying at St Andrews I have always lived in a big city. Moving to St Andrews was definitely a change of scenery. It didn’t take me too long to get used to it and it was lovely. It just makes me feel like I’m home. >> I have loved every second of being in St Andrews and I recommend it to everyone I meet now. It is welcoming, and diverse, and you get so many different people, and new ideas, and experiences that you would never have anywhere else. Study at St Andrews Short courses at St Andrews Research Choose St Andrews Fees and funding Scholarships Accommodation How to apply for undergraduate study How to apply for postgraduate study Meet us Current students MySaint Moodle Library MMS Semester dates Making Waves: The Campaign for St Andrews Great universities never stand still. They must take the lead as society’s engines of innovation and change, and St Andrews needs to be at the forefront. Making Waves: The Campaign for St Andrews aims to raise £300 million to achieve this ambition through a number of the key projects. With your support, we can make waves and shape the future not only of our University, but of our world. More about the campaign Featured news All news New Global Research Centres Two new Global Research Centres will focus development and understanding around global health and changing climates. Olympic Beach Sprint St Andrews named GB Beach Sprint Performance Academy and Olympic Training Venue for Los Angeles 2028. Habitable exoplanet New research with the James Webb Space Telescope finds habitable conditions beyond our solar system. Events at St Andrews The University of St Andrews community hosts a vibrant mix of events, from academic lectures and research conferences to concerts, exhibitions and cultural festivals. Whether engaging in discussions, celebrating traditions or enjoying live performances, there’s always something to experience. All upcoming events Race Equality Charter award for St Andrews The University has achieved an AdvanceHE Race Equality Charter (REC) Bronze Award in recognition of its work to improve the representation, progression and success of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic people at St Andrews. Race Equality Charter Your St Andrews Current students Postgraduate Staff Semester dates Jobs at St Andrews Policies, procedures and guidance Navigation Academic Schools and Departments Study at St Andrews Subjects Research Alumni and donors Community facilities Business services Visiting About News Events Contact Contact us University of St Andrews College Gate St Andrews KY16 9AJ Phone +44 (0)1334 47 6161 Social media Facebook X Instagram YouTube LinkedIn WeChat Weibo © 2025 The University of St Andrews is a charity registered in Scotland, No: SC013532 Cookie preferences Accessibility statement Terms and conditions Website help