PLATFORM
INTEGRATIONS
WHY NOSTO
PARTNERS
RESOURCES
COMPANY
NEW
Login
Get a demo
EN
Shoppable
UGC
Fuel click-throughs and conversions with powerful user-generated content (UGC) that inspires shoppers, lends trust, and grows customer loyalty.
Get a demo
Authentic content experiences that boost key ecommerce metrics
Encourage conversions with trusted, user-generated content

Supplement your ecommerce store imagery with authentic customer content that inspires shoppers to engage with your products, and lends the social proof needed to convert.

Maintain a constant stream of fresh visual content, without the ongoing costs

Save time and money by fuelling your ecommerce content with diverse, freely available UGC, lessening the need to refresh visuals with costly and time-consuming photo shoots.

Streamline the path to purchase by transforming UGC into shoppable content

Seamlessly link any featured UGC pieces to related product pages, or enable direct ‘add to cart’ CTAs, facilitating conversions for shoppers ready to take action.

Easily identify the most performant UGC with Predictive AI

Gauge which UGC is most likely to perform with intelligent predictions that advise what should be published, increasing ongoing campaign performance and reducing curation time.

Turn earned content into owned assets with effortless rights management

Contact content creators to get permission to feature their UGC with our robust, easy-to-use rights management workflows—giving you full control over the T&Cs of UGC rights requests.

Transform your marketing emails with highly-engaging UGC

Drive click-through rates and website traffic by using powerful UGC within your marketing emails, all while creating a cohesive experience between channels.

Earn more revenue with
UGC-fueled product recommendations
Surpassed 152% of their campaign goals

“People love to see and share their selfies on the big screen. Capitalise on this to turn your audiences into amplifiers and advocates, and get tons of great content in the process.”

Read case study
Nosto Product Recommendations has directly driven $1M in sales

“Driving in-store visits has become a major priority. With Nosto, we can target local customers without relying on our paid ad budget.”

Read case study
How Little Bellies Uses UGC to Build a Community of Active Advocates

“UGC works well for us because parents are really discerning about food products for their children. The fact that we are able to access and publish content from real parents, mostly mothers, who are recommending our products to other mothers makes this strategy quite powerful.”

Read case study
Key features
Onsite widgets

Integrate UGC into your website pages with fully customizable widgets. Choose from a selection of templates, adjust the look and feel with ease, and control content display through advanced settings.

Commerce sync

Easily synchronize your product catalog with Nosto to transform your UGC tiles into shoppable content, featuring product thumbnails, brief descriptions, CTAs, and direct links to the product pages.

UGC personalization

Target your onsite UGC widgets to specific client segments based on their lifecycle stages, affinities, traffic sources, and other relevant criteria, creating more relevant content experiences.

Product cross-sells

Automatically recommend complementary products to any that are showcased within the user-generated content you’re featuring, all directly within the tile, facilitating product discovery.

Product Recommendations

Leverage UGC in tandem with Nosto Product Recommendations, fusing relevance and authenticity to boost conversions.

Email widgets

Easily inject UGC widgets into your marketing emails, powering click-through rate.

Rights management

Obtain user consent to repurpose their content by directly requesting creators’ permission through a simple hashtag confirmation, or by using clear, customizable forms.

Automation rules

Define workflows to automatically tag and assigning sentiment to content (such as it being positive, negative, or neutral) upon a set of conditions including the media type, the concept detected by visual recognition, the network source and more.

Chrome extension

Save time and effort by easily aggregating UGC, sending rights requests, and using assets as you browse, without needing to navigate to our platform.

Intelligent content
discovery experiences
start with a CXP

Create hyper-relevant commerce experiences with a CXP that combines cutting-edge search, merchandising and personalization capabilities

Explore our platform
Explore how artificial intelligence
can transform your UGC
Predictive AI

Analyze, test,
automate

Semantic AI

Understand, contextualise, connect

Visual AI

Find, recognize,
sort

Generative AI

Augment, enhance,
streamline

Read our user-generated
content resources
Product Release
Enrich Product Recommendations with UGC

Discover how to make your Nosto Product Recommendations even more performant by injecting powerful, trustworthy user-generated content into them!

Read article
Helping our
customers succeed
Streamlined
go-live

Guided onboarding for fast time-to-value

Work
your way

Set and forget or opt for detailed optimization

Always
accessible

Live chat or email for round-the-clock assistance

Dedicated
CSM

Regular check-ins with customer success manager

On-demand
resources

Access the Nosto Academy and Help Center

Amazing ecomm tool
& customer support

“Nosto’s customer support couldn’t be better, our success manager is knowledgeable, attentive, and is always prepared to discuss better ways to optimize our brands.”

Exceptional support
and user‑friendly experience

“Nosto is an outstanding platform that exceeds expectations. Their exceptional customer support ensures prompt assistance, while the user-friendly interface simplifies everything.”

Truly amazing customer support

“We appreciate that the Nosto team is always available for us, from bi-weekly status calls to any one-off questions that come up. Their team has always supported us!”

Read more about customer success
Meet Huginn: your AI agent for commerce experiences.

It coordinates a network of purpose-built AI agents that work autonomously to expand your team’s capacity, boost efficiency, and elevate customer experiences.

Learn more

Book a demo with
our team

Make all your commerce experiences personalized and memorable. Book a demo with our commerce experience team today and see how we can help.
Get a demo
Newsletter

We produce lots of commerce experience content, run great events, and send subscribers useful CXP tips and tricks. If you want in on all that, feel free to sign up!

Subscribe
 
 
CONTACT
LEGAL CENTER
BOOK A DEMO
Get a quick overview of the platform’s capabilities
Discover how you can create seamless, personalized shopping experiences for your customers!
Watch now