Skip to content
 Casino  Sports
Promotions
$75k Weekly Raffle
 
$100k Race
 
Pragmatic Drops & Wins
 
View All
Affiliate
 
VIP Club
 
Blog
 
Forum
Sponsorships
Drake
 
UFC
Everton Football Club
FBC Melgar
Enyimba Football Club
Trinbago Knight Riders
Fortaleza CEIF
Club Deportivo Ñublense
Team Vitality
Kun Agüero
Patrice Evra
Israel Adesanya
Alex Pereira
Valentina Shevchenko
Merab Dvalishvili
Alexandre Pantoja
Caio Borralho
Frankie Dettori
Davido
Responsible Gambling
Live Support
Language: English
English  
Español  
日本語  
中文  
Português  
Pусский  
Français  
Deutsch  
हिन्दी  
Indonesian  
한국어  
Polski  
Türkçe  
Tiếng Việt  
Suomi  
اَلْعَرَبِيَّةُ  
Login Register
World's Largest Online Casino and Sportsbook
Register

Or sign up with

Casino
33,038
Sports
15,055
Casino 
Trending Games
 
Sweet Bonanza 1000
Pragmatic Play
790 playing
Fortune of Olympus
Pragmatic Play
306 playing
Gates of Olympus 1000
Pragmatic Play
695 playing
Big Bass Splash 1000
Pragmatic Play
284 playing
Sugar Rush 1000
Pragmatic Play
554 playing
Le Rapper
Hacksaw Gaming
249 playing
Wanted Dead or a Wild
Hacksaw Gaming
367 playing
Million X
Titan Gaming
71 playing
Trending Sports
 
Soccer
Basketball
American Football
Ice Hockey
Cricket
Darts
Tennis
Racing
Promotions
 
Streaming
AFCON Live Streaming
Non-Stop Action.
Read More
Announcement
New Stake Original
Win up to 2,000,000x on Drill
Read More
Promotion
EPL 2 Goal Payout
2 Goals Up? You Win
Read More
Still Have Questions?

Who is Stake?

Leading the online gambling industry since 2017, Stake.com offers a wide variety of online casino and sports betting options, operating globally in 15 different languages.

With a reputable and secure platform, Stake Casino is home to worldwide local currencies and crypto betting options for online slot games, Stake Originals and live casino games. Stake Sportsbook offers unbeatable odds on all major sporting events including a range of Esport leagues.

We host regular bet bonuses and promotions and offer an exclusive VIP Club experience - all with a simple-to-use deposit process on our licensed platform.

Is Stake Licensed?

Stake.com is licensed by gaming authorities in Curacao, providing a safe and secure betting platform. Stake is operated by Medium Rare N.V. which is licensed by the Curaçao Gaming Authority under license number OGL/2024/1451/0918.

Stake is a Crypto Gambling Foundation  verified operator with strong policies around Anti-Money Laundering. Stake promotes responsible gambling with a robust self-exclusion policy and various Stake Smart resources.

Is Betting on Stake Safe?

Stake is committed to providing a safe environment for our community. We pride ourselves in offering the most up to date and accessible smarter gambling resources. Our responsible gambling guidelines paired with our monthly budget calculator have been developed to help our players set appropriate betting limits.

When betting with local and crypto currencies, players can be sure their funds are securely stored using our Stake Vault feature.

What Currencies Can I Bet With?

Alongside supporting local currencies, Stake.com is the world’s leading cryptocurrency casino and sportsbook, supporting 20 cryptocurrencies from Bitcoin (BTC) to Polygon (MATIC). Discover the complete list of supported crypto at Stake.com for more details.

What Types of Casino Games Can I Play?

Browse our wide variety of popular casino games and enjoy a fair and fun online gaming experience. Stake's online casino platform features a range of game categories including slot games, live casino games and many classic table games like Blackjack, Roulette, Poker, and Baccarat, right from your browser. Stake brings you the best gameplay from esteemed iGaming providers like Pragmatic Play, Hacksaw Gaming, Twist Gaming and Evolution Gaming.

Our exclusive Stake Originals games also offer players of all skill levels a fun and easy to play experience ranging from classic table games such as Blackjack and Baccarat to crowd favourite games such as Plinko, Mines, & Crash! There’ll always be a little something for everyone as our team is always adding new and exciting titles to the Stake Originals selection with unique gameplay and features in popular games such as Tarot, Darts, Bars, Packs, Chicken, & Drill.

What Sports Can I Bet On?

From major football and basketball leagues to Dota 2 and CS:GO action, we cover all bases for sports and eSports markets. We offer industry leading odds and tailored betting resources including expert picks and predictions on our Stake News Blog.

You can bet on all major upcoming sporting events, place live bets and live stream all the biggest sporting events for free on Stake Sportsbook.

How Do I Watch Live Streams?

Stake.com is the perfect place for official sports streams, with comprehensive coverage of most popular sporting events and major tournaments, from tennis matches to MMA fights.

To live stream the latest sporting events, click on the live stream icon next to the event on Stake Sportsbook. For full details, check out our comprehensive guide to live streaming your favourite sports on Stake.com.

Casino
Casino Games
Slots
Live Casino
Roulette
Blackjack
Poker
Publishers
Promos & Competitions
Stake Engine 
Stake Vendors 
Sports
Sportsbook
Live Sports
Soccer
Basketball
Tennis
eSports
Bet Bonuses
Sports Rules
Racing Rules
Support
Help Center 
Fairness
Gambling Helpline 
Live Support
Self Exclusion
Law Enforcement Request
About Us
VIP Club
Affiliate
Privacy Policy
AML Policy
Terms of Service
Payment Info
Deposit & Withdrawals
Currency Guide
Crypto Guide
Supported Crypto
How to Use the Vault
How Much to Bet With
FAQ
How-to Guides
Online Casino Guide
Sports Betting Guide
How to Live Stream Sports
Stake VIP Guide
House Edge Guide
© 2026 Stake.com | All Rights Reserved. Stake is owned and operated by Medium Rare N.V., registration number: 145353, registered address: Seru Loraweg 17 B, Curaçao. Payment agent companies are Medium Rare Limited and MRS Tech Limited. Contact us at support@stake.com.

Stake is committed to responsible gambling, for more information visit Gamblingtherapy.org

1 BTC = $0.00

English 
We use cookies for functional and analytical purposes. Accept