Richard Stallman's Personal Page Richard Stallman's Personal Site The photo comes from wikimedia.org "Richard_Stallman_at_LibrePlanet_2019" by Ruben Rodriguez I 
continue to be the Chief GNUisance of the GNU Project. This is my long-term commitment and I plan to continue. You may have heard or read critical statements about me; please make up your own mind. It's the Grav-Mass season! Grav-Mass is the celebration of physical laws. December 25 Isaac Newton's birthday. ¡Feliz Gravidad! Joyeuse Gravité. Веселого Тяжіньства (Transliteration: Veseloho Tyazhinʹstva) Political Articles | Political Notes | Talks | Airlines | Anti-Glossary | Archive | Ban face recognition | Books | Comics | Empire of the Megacorporations | Fiction | Glossary | GPG Key | Humor | Humorous Bio | Links | Media/Press/Bio | Non-Political Articles | The Four Factors of the Apocalypse | There Ought to Be a Law | Travel Experiences | Travel Photos | How I Do My Computing | RMS personal FAQ | Sayings | Scientific Links | Stallman on Love | Thanks | Site search: advanced Send comments/questions about the search engine to: rms at gnu dot org What's bad about: Airbnb | Amazon | Amtrak | Ancestry | Apple | Change.org | ChatGPT | Cloudflare | Discord | Disney | Ebooks | Eventbrite | Evernote | Ex-Twitter | Facebook | FLIXbus | Frito-Lay | Frontier | Google | Gofundme | Grubhub | In-N-Out Burger | Intel | LinkedIn | Lyft | Meetup | Microsoft | Netflix | Patreon | Pay Toilets | Privatization | Reddit | Ryan Air | Skype | Slack | Spotify | Tesla | Threads | Ticketmaster | Uber | Wendy's | WhatsApp | Zoom | RSS site feed for the most recent
      political notes and new material. This is the personal web site of Richard Stallman. The views expressed here are my personal views, not those of
      the Free Software Foundation or
      the GNU Project . For the sake of separation, this site has always been
      hosted elsewhere and managed separately. I am thinking of making another trip to Europe during February - April.
      If you would like to invite me to speak during that trip, please write
      to me at rms-invitation@gnu.org with "feb-apr" as the subject. If you want to send me GPG-encrypted mail, do not trust key
      servers!
      Some of them have phony keys under my name and email address,
      made by someone else as a trick.
      See gpg.html for my real key. Richard Stallman has cancer.  Fortunately it is slow-growing and
      manageable follicular lymphoma.  Treatment put it into
      remission, and he can expect to live many more years.  However,
      he now has to be even more careful not to catch Covid-19. FSF Giving Guide Canadians: I suggest you seek election advice at a local chapter of a
group that pushes to curb global heating and has the courage to say,
"Canada should stop exporting fossil fuel."  It will at least use the
right goals to suggest who to vote for in your area. Join
	a Friday
	climate strike . That page is made by scraping Fridays for Future so you
	can get the information without running any Javascript code.
	I would be very glad if they made the information on their own
	site accessible from the Free World; then we could simply
	refer people to their site and do without the scraping etc. I am limiting the number of new political notes per day so as not
	to overload the volunteers who install new notes.
        If you'd like to help, please write to rms at gnu period org. Is your bank pressuring you to use biometric ID?
	If so, please write to rms at gnu dot org.
	It could be useful if you document what is happening. Please join the Free Software Foundation to support its work
      for your freedom. "They" is plural —
	for singular antecedents, use singular gender-neutral pronouns . Link Policy The largest part of the site is the political notes , and they 
     are typically updated every day. I'm looking for people to learn how to HTML-craft and remotely-install political notes send me examples of how proprietary programs have been designed to be addictive. check a few sites for me regularly
        and show me any new articles that I would like to see or link to. help me in maintaining stallman.org by occasionally looking for articles on a given point in the news . send me examples of how proprietary programs have been
    designed to cause programmed obsolescence of products. write site-specific Firefox extensions or local scripts to operate specific web sites. help maintain and operate savannah.gnu.org. experiment to find good ways to attach
        fruits to a Grav-mass tree . help web sites put free licenses
        on their Javascript code. If you would like to help me in any of these ways, please write to rms at gnu dot o r g. Civil Liberties Minute Upcoming talks [ No upcoming talks. ] Urgent action items US citizens: call on Congress to impeach Kristi Noem . US citizens: Join with this campaign to address this issue. To phone your congresscritter about this, the
main switchboard is +1-202-224-3121 . Please spread the word. US citizens: call for limiting denaturalization to people who
committed atrocious crimes before gaining US citizenship. US citizens: call on Congress to restore USAID humanitarian funding —
help poor countries against hunger and plagues. US citizens: Join with this campaign to address this issue. To phone your congresscritter about this, the
main switchboard is +1-202-224-3121 . Please spread the word. US citizens: call on world leaders to turn climate pledges into enforceable action and build a livable future instead of climate
disaster. US citizens: call on Congress to impeach Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) Chair Brendan Carr. US citizens: call on the UN Security Council to condemn Israel's
killing of journalists. Demand accountability, and defend the right to report news, by protecting
the people who do that. US citizens: Denounce the bully's proposed deep surveillance of visitors to the US. Here is a list of some consumer boycotts mounted by progressives.
I mostly support them, but sometimes for different reasons. I have boycotted Amazon absolutely for many years.  If a friend wants to
give me a gift, I ask per to please not obtain it from Amazon (and not
tell _any_ company my name or address, even for delivery purposes!). I have always avoided Spotify since it was first set up, because it requires the
customer to run nonfree software (for DRM !)
and to identify perself.  Likewise all other streaming dis-services . I would boycott Home Depot except I don't know anywhere else around
here where I could buy some of their products.  However, I don't buy
there often. I support the boycott of Starbucks, to support the union, but that
makes no direct economic difference since their products don't appeal
to my tastes. I support the boycott Tesla , not just because of I detest the musket
but especially because of its surveillance and remote control, which
ought to be illegal.
However, since I do not have a car and don't intend to
have one, my support does not make direct economic difference. The article says that some progressives choose to buy from Costco
because it has stood up to the bully .  I appreciate that, but Costco's
practice of demanding that customers identify themselves makes it
unacceptably unjust. Most stores invite people to identify themselves, either by
registering their identity or using digital payments or both.  But
most of them continue to permit a customer to pay cash anonymously.
This builds an enormous database of personal activities, which the
persecutor's henchmen are now using to build up an "enemies list". Don't be tracked -- pay cash, and insist on anonymity! US citizens: call on the EPA to restore the truth  about climate [disaster]
on its web sites. US citizens: call on the Pentagon to stop trying to punish Senator
Mark Kelly for upholding the Constitution and rule of law, and start
helping to uphold them. US citizens: Applaud U.S. diplomats standing up for the rule of law instead of trumpish arbitrary rule. I'm looking for a cartoonist who would like to draw
cartoons for me once in a while. If you're
interested, please write to rms, which refers to me, at the location gnu period org. Boycott Chevron, in the name of Steven Donziger . Recording of Guantanamero Listen to the recording of Guantanamero ,
     a protest song written in Spanish.  The recording is in
     Ogg Vorbis format.  To install an Ogg Vorbis player,
     see the FSF's Ogg Players page . There Ought to Be a Law *   Abandoned coalmines and oil and gas wells are now one of the biggest sources of the powerful greenhouse gas methane, new data shows, and
      little effort is being made to clean them up.* I expect that the fossil fuel companies to divest themselves from old
      mines and wells in ways that will avoid liability for them — just as
      they sometimes disconnect themselves from responsibility for
      supporting former workers. So I suggest making it a felony to implement a restructuring of
      business or assets in a way that is likely to result predictably in
      strand assets that carry financial responsibilities with no one
      capable of shouldering the responsibilities. A pitifully weak attempt to solve a real problem: asking for a federal
law that would permit victims of domestic abuse and stalking to demand
    that data brokers delete information about them . Data, once collected, will be abused.  The way to prevent that abuse is to
facilitate refusing to hand it over in the first place. Here is my proposal for protecting the specific people known to be in
particular danger, and everyone else who could be harmed if
individuals, businesses or governments use their personal data
against them without a search warrant: require services to be available
anonymously. The regulation of toxic chemicals in the US is hamstrung by laws that
    enable companies to keep their use and their presence in any place
      secret . The selfish interest of those who keep trade secrets is rational but
      antisocial.  In many cases the only harm it does is to hold back the
      general advance of technology.  But sometimes it does really nasty
      things.  For digital hardware and software, it often gives companies a
      way to subjugate their users.  Regarding use of toxic chemicals, it
      endangers public health. Why would legislators pass laws to "protect" companies instead of
      protecting the people they harm?  I suspect it is partly because these
      companies are influential and the legislators seek their support,
      and partly because the legislators ask them for campaign funds. But it is also partly the result of the mindset of "trickle down", which
      assumes that the only way to get more funds for the state is to
      let increase the size of the economy by letting companies have what
      they want.  Unfortunately, what they want is often to be allowed to
      harm the public. Most Democrats in Congress got corrupted this way in the 80s and 90s.
      (The exceptions are the progressive Democrats.)  Now in the UK
      Starmer is guiding Labour into that sort of corruption. Clearly our laws should say that any public need to know about the
      presence of toxic substances in a business facility overrides the
      desire to keep them secret. *China-owned British Steel said to have requested £600m of taxpayer
      support .* Whether the owners are Chinese is a question that there is no need to
      ask, because the state should never give money to a business "to
      support it."
      Instead it should offer to lend money to the company for suitable
      repayment, or else buy equity at a fair price. These two ways of supporting a company avoid giving the owners an
      opporunity to rip off the state -- which the company's owners are likely
      to try to do, if they can, regardless of which country they are from. With a policy like this, it wouldn't matter which country the
      company's owners are from. More items where there
     ought to be a law. Quotes Here are some quotations that I particularly like. Most recent Political
	  Notes and News Items ( RSS Feed ) You can now read the political notes on Mastodon . Snoop-phone cameras "adjust" photos 30 December 2025 Snoop-phone cameras "adjust" all photos by default to make them more
visually attractive.  This falsifies everyone thus photographed. I think that this contributes one more factor that would lead people
to prefer to interact through phones rather than in physical presence. Father tells children truth about Santa Claus lie 30 December 2025 A father writes that he told his children the truth about Christmas presents ,
rather than the usual Santa Claus lie, so they won't feel
judged if some year he can't afford to get them any presents. I think that is a good reason.  But I still feel that telling the
usual lie is wrong as well.  And when parents bully me into speaking
to their children as if Santa Claus existed, it puts me in a painful
moral dilemma: either butt in and cause a family crisis, or join in
lying.  I don't want to do either. Migrants from Mauritania fear deportation 30 December 2025 Migrants from Mauritania in the US fear being deported back there to
live under a form of apartheid system with slavery. Episode of 60 Minutes on El Salvador prison pulled from air 30 December 2025 *60 Minutes episode on brutal El Salvador prison, pulled from air by
CBS, appears online.* This article summarizes much of its description
of the torture in the Cecot prison.  It is clearly meant to destroy
    the prisoners' bodies and minds ,
   though not quickly. US citizens of foreign origin carrying their passports 30 December 2025 US citizens of foreign origin have been terrorized by the deportation thugs' violence, and their rush to deport people without allowing time
for justice or even fact-checking.  Many now carry their passports all the time ,
hoping the thugs will check those before brutalizing or
jailing them. Violence against news reporters increased 30 December 2025 Violence against news reporters increased greatly this year .
  In many cases they were attacked while covering actions of the
deportation thugs .  Many of the attacks were committed by thugs. US general said he would obey orders to attack people inside US 30 December 2025 A US general, ultra-loyal to the bully , said he would obey orders to attack people that the bully calls "terrorist" inside the US. The phrase "confident in the lawful order" is not clear.  It invites
us to comfort ourselves by believing that this general would make sure
the order is lawful, but doesn't explicitly say so.  I distrust that
vagueness. Economists call for going easy on Sri Lanka's debt 30 December 2025 Leading world economists call for going easy on Sri Lanka's debt after the recent devastating storm.
  Even before that, Sri Lanka's debt was crushing and unjust . Iranian dress code for women 30 December 2025 For the moment, Iranian women have the government's clothing rules enforcers cowed even as it continues to bluster. Offices of two important newspapers destroyed in Bangladesh 30 December 2025 Violent mobs have rampaged across Bangladesh, and destroyed by fire the offices of two important newspapers . The article does not say what cause or side the mobs support, but they
may be Islamist extremists. High price of medicines in the US 30 December 2025 Medicines are terribly expensive in the US because the US helps Big
Pharma gouge on medicine and does little to resist them.  The
bullshitter claims that the prices are high in the US because other well-off
countries have national medical systems that negotiate lower bulk prices.
Prices are high in the US because it fails to do that .
  By attacking those countries' bulk prices with economic warfare, he
helps Big Pharma in yet another way, while distracting and confusing
the Americans who heed him. Biden made a start at using government power to reduce drug prices in the US.
            He was limited in what he could do, because Congress
  was dominated by Republicans and plutocratist Democrats .
  Nonetheless, his price-reduction measures helped millions of
non-rich Americans afford the medicines they needed to stay alive. Please join me in supporting a national medical system in the US .
  We also need to stop the ways Big Pharma corrupts the medical system and medical research ,
  take controlled experiments on drugs' effectiveness and safety
out of the hands of Big Pharma,
  and weaken the time span and power of patents on medicines. Antimuslimist threats in Australia 30 December 2025 After the antisemitic killings in Australia follows a wave of antimuslimist threats . These two forms of hatred are aimed at different religions, but they
are basically similar in form: stirring up hatred of an "other" to make
people panic and start to fertilize fascist movements with more hared. Let's be mature enough not to bite that hook. Governments have eased pressure on Israel 30 December 2025 The adoption of the "peace plan" for Gaza has not brought peace or a
cease fire, nor ended the siege of Gaza, but governments around the
world have made it as an excuse to remove all pressure on Israel and
Netanyahu to cease their crimes. Trump and Putin share craving for status 30 December 2025 *Trump and Putin share a craving for status .  That's why they both want
to destroy Europe.* US dropped plan to deport whistleblower to China 30 December 2025 The US has dropped its politically-motivated plan to deport
whistleblower Guan Heng to China. Urgent: Impeach Kristi Noem 29 December 2025 US citizens: call on Congress to impeach Kristi Noem . US citizens: Join with this campaign to address this issue. To phone your congresscritter about this, the
main switchboard is +1-202-224-3121 . Please spread the word. Urgent: Limit denaturalization 29 December 2025 US citizens: call for limiting denaturalization to people who
committed atrocious crimes before gaining US citizenship. Urgent: Restore USAID humanitarian funding 29 December 2025 US citizens: call on Congress to restore USAID humanitarian funding —
help poor countries against hunger and plagues. US citizens: Join with this campaign to address this issue. To phone your congresscritter about this, the
main switchboard is +1-202-224-3121 . Please spread the word. Contrast between right-wing and left-wing approaches 29 December 2025 Madrid and Barcelona present a contrast between right-wing and left-wing approaches to the problem of high rents for housing. Right-wingers claim that radical deregulation will bring rents down.
That article shows that it doesn't have that result. It also shows that countries should block the sell-off of public
housing to private entities.  Under Thatcher, Britain started selling
public housing houses and apartments to their residents, who then
resold them.  The long-term result has been disaster.  Madrid has sold
off public housing en masse to private equity.  The result is disaster. Supreme Court decision on TikTok 29 December 2025 *The [Supreme Court] decision means TikTok now operates under the
threat that it could be forced offline with a stroke of [ the bully's ]
pen.* The four factors of the apocalypse: global heating, global hating, global eating, global mating. [More Cartoons] Copy this button (courtesy of R.Siddharth)
    to express your rejection of Facebook. E-books Non-oppressive Commercial
E-books Don't use Facebook Facebook's face
recognition demonstrates a threat to everyone's privacy. I
therefore ask people not to put photos of me on Facebook; you
can do likewise. Of course, Facebook is bad for
many other reasons as well. Boycott Harry Potter Books, Movies, etc. Internet Music EULAS Business Supremacy Treaties Countries to Stay Away From No national identity cards I'd like to make a list of countries that do not require a national
identity card, and have no plans to adopt one. If you live in or have
confirmed knowledge of such a country, please send email to rms at
gnu.org. Here's my list of countries with no national ID cards
and no plans for one: Australia, Canada, New Zealand, UK.
Australia's previous government tried to
institute national ID cards, but the Labor government dropped
the plan. India has mostly finished imposing a national biometric ID number
in a grand act of oppression. Switzerland has national ID cards which are optional,
but they or some other government ID card are needed for some purposes. Iceland doesn't have ID cards as such, but they
have ID numbers that citizens are forced to use frequently.
For example, the national ID number is often required to
rent a video or use a gym. Denmark issues non-photo ID cards with a "person number", and many
services use this card to identify people. Norway will impose a national biometric
ID card . Ireland - national ID card by stealth. ACLU: the five dangers of national ID cards . Wikipedia has a list of identity card policies by country . Borders Stay away from certain countries because of their bad
immigration policies . Flight connections Avoid flight connections in these airports because
of their treatment of passengers . The Lifelong Activist People often ask how I manage to continue devoting myself to
progressive activism (such as the free software movement) for
years without burning out.  The best way I can answer is by
recommending a book, The Lifelong Activist by Hillary Rettig. I disagree with the book on one theoretical point in the last
part of the book: we shouldn't think of political activism as being marketing and sales, because those terms refer to
business, and politics is something much more
important than mere business.  However, this doesn't diminish
the value of the book's practical advice about borrowing
techniques from marketing and sales. Disclosure: I am friends with the author. Bob Chassell Writing (mostly science fiction) by my
friend Bob Chassell who recently died. Solidarity Economy and Free Software Personal Declaration of Richard Stallman and Euclides Mance
on Solidarity Economy and Free Software. Falkvinge articles I have reposted some of Rick Falkvinge's articles. As posted on his site, you can't see them in a browser
without running some nonfree Javascript code which is apparently
non-free.  These versions show the same text, without the obstacle. Long-term action items Political Articles These are my political articles that are not related to the GNU
      operating system or free software. For GNU-related articles, see
      the GNU philosophy
      directory .

      You can also download copies of my
      book, Free 
      Software, Free Society, 3rd edition . A way to recognize
	    misleading political propaganda (July 2024) Fight Modern
	    Slavery, but Leave Astronomy Alone (May 2024) Let Benevolence
	    Shine (December 2023) What I learned
	    about gender and language from talking about the Virgin of
	    Emacs, and how I made use of that in practice (October
	    2023) Many governments invite schools to invite companies to snoop on students (June 2022) To Endure, Peace Needs to Weaken Putin But Not Ruin Him (March 2022) The Russian Army has become the Putin Forces (March 2022) The definition of "racism" must not be formulated based on who the perpetrators are (February 2022) Why we should get rid of corporate landlords, and an easy method (August 2021) Worker-owned internet services can still be dis-services (June 2021) Necessary Changes in Society (March 2021) On the Firing of Jeffrey Toobin (November 2020) The Broken Trust Model of Policing Police (October 2020) An Extinction Rebellion activist comments about the London police
	    by Clark Killick (October 2020) What sort of laws would give us real privacy? (December 2019) My Talk at
	Microsoft (September 2019) Surveillance Ordinance (November 2018) How the Ramayana endorses caste bias (April 2018) Better
  Genderless Pronouns in English (April 2018) A radical
	proposal to keep your personal data safe. (April 2018) What Mary Had (May
	2017) Anonymous
	internet payments using pay phones (Apr 2017) When people are conscripted
	  by the DMCA into the War on Sharing . (Dec 2016) If you feel your organization needs
	a "presence" in
	Facebook .
	(Dec 2016) How Much Surveillance Can Democracy Withstand? Yes, You Have
	Something to Fear . (August 2016) A proposal for resolving the dispute over the South China
	  Sea.  (July 2016) Is duckduckgo.com partially enforcing the "celebrity threesome
	injunction"? (May 2016) Adapting the Marseillaise to the greatest threat to civilization . Proposing the Logo Sea
    Turtle — for Whales (October 2015) Controlling
    When the Cameras Record (August 2015) A few words to Greece (June 2015) Fixing Too
    Big To Fail (Apr 2015) Enslaved Workers What I said about
    Hrant Dink in my talks in Turkey (Apr 2015) Earth under attack from planet Koch . Fine government
    contractors for hiring ex-officials (Feb 2015) Suggestion to the target of a
    witch hunt (Feb 2015) Nonexistence (Feb 2015) The Thermocene
    Epoch (Feb 2015) Digital Voting. (Jan 2015) My letter asking the judge not to sentence Jeremy Hammond to prison . (Jan 2015) It is a bad idea to have computers count
    the votes in public elections . Internet Voting: don't even think of it! The patent system is, at best, not worth keeping .  (February 2014) Why We Need A
    State (November 2013) We can put an end to "too big to fail" with an innovative tax that also defeats corporate tax-dodging. (August 2013) Exxon and the Letter Exx. (April 1,
    2013) Fixing too big to fail (February 2013) Why
    internet music "sale" is a bad deal. (January 2013) On-line education is using a flawed Creative Commons license
    (September 2012) French
    Translation Redistributable Scientific Publishing (April 2012) My Doctor's Office Asked me to
    Lie (August 2011) Responding to Beggars UK extreme pornography law . My criticism of the The Zeitgeist Movement .
	The Venus Project is more or less the same idea. The states need to form a
        union . Additional
      Political Articles are on a separate page Political notes "Those who profess to favor freedom, yet depreciate agitation, are
      men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without
      thunder and lightning. They want the ocean without the awful roar of its
      many waters. This struggle may be a moral one; or it may be a physical
      one; or it may be both moral and physical; but it must be a struggle.
      Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never
      will." Frederick
        Douglass , American Abolitionist, Letter
        to an associate, 1849 Here are notes about various issues I care about, usually with links to
      more information.  The current notes are here .  For all previous
      notes, see this page . See this page for
      information on efforts to maintain links in the political notes. Political notes about the 2001 G8 summit in Genoa, Italy are being
      archived on their own page . Media/Press/Bios Richard Stallman's bio and publicity photos, and other things
      of interest to the press, have been moved to a separate page . Travel experiences How it happened that I
      planned speeches at Israeli universities, then cancelled them. Richard Stallman's travel blog and restaurants reviews My visit to Machu Picchu Stories about visits to Tikal and Greece Photos about my travels Photos of me working on my 
	    laptop at various places All of my photos , organized by 
	location, from my trips. Photos people like best ,
	among those I have taken and posted here. OSCON More
      Photos from OSCON my visit to Switzerland in May 2003 (and the same photos at the original photographer's site .) Some pictures from Vaasa where I slipped on icy
      ground in the airport, broke my elbow, and gave my speech by telephone from 
      the hospital bed my trips to Greece In Singapore in March 2001, a lovely parrot (50k jpeg) became enamored of me, while others enjoyed my recorder playing (91k jpeg) my visit to China in May/June 2000. I also visited Tibet unawares, because nobody told me
      that JiuZhaiGou was part of Tibetan territory annexed by China since the
      conquest my visit to Brazil: some from Rio de Janeiro and some from Porto Alegre where the
      Software Livre 2000 event was held. my trip to Slovenia A photo of me by Blake Livingston (may be used under CC-BY-SA). Scientific Links Homeopathy debunked , and thoroughly, as pseudoscience. Some humor The berry torture . The Free Software Song , by Richard M. Stallman. You can listen to a performance of the song: Free Software Song performed by Thor Here is a variant of this song called "The Free Firmware Song" . Earth under attack from planet Koch . On doxing , and how to spell it. Futon Physics A Spanish cartoon: La Ruleta
    Española. The
    Night before M-x-mas Here I am wearing my "power tie" . Wine
      snobs get their comeuppance. Here I am struggling to open a bottle of water . My application to an join Marian Henley's ex-boyfriends list . My funny poetry and song parodies . A song parody, Colors of the Lisp , by Jefferson Carpenter. The text to a filk song, Johnny v. N. ,
       by Paul Rubin. My Cartoons My Puns in English ( Little Leaguer , August 2019). My Puns in Spanish (New pun: Apostasía April 2019) My Puns in French (New pun: Microsoft à l'école July 2019) My Puns in Portuguese My Puns in Italian (New pun: Quale pesce fa
    starnutire? New 10/2018) My Puns in German (New 02/2016) Linguistic Swifties (Now with: Wintu, Penutian, Cochiti, Taos, and Towa.) -- Saint
      IGNUcius -- The Church of Emacs will soon
      be officially listed by at least one person as his religion for
      census purposes. There are no godfathers in the Church of Emacs, since there are no gods,
      but you can be someone's editorfather . Stallman Does Dallas : "I have to warn
      you that Texans have been known to have an adverse reaction to my
      personality…" The Dalai Lama today announced the
      official release of Yellow Hat GNU/Linux. Pre-Zen Studies. I found a funny song about the Mickey Mouse
      Copyright Act (officially the Sonny Bono Copyright Act) which
      extended copyright retroactively by 20 years on works made as early as
      the 1920s. If you are a geek and read Spanish, you will love Raulito el Friki,
    who said "Hello, world!" immediately after he was born.  Here's an archive of this now-defunct comic strip . Sleeping with Stallman at MIT. Un malentendido gracioso . ESR's favorite programming language: Objectivist C . American
    Extremists My Small Mouth The huns and the writs . No Kludges in Cluj (June 2014) Hammer into Anvil Fiction Made for You (December 2012)
    ( local
    copy ) Esperanto
    translation A science fiction story: Jinnetic
    Engineering ( in 
    Portuguese , Farsi , Spanish , Armenian , Russian , French , and Italian ). The Right to 
    Read Books My book of essays about the philosophy of Software Freedom,
    is available from the GNU Press . Stallman on Love Love and Dance My Childhood Sweetheart Made for You My Former Personal Ad Non-Political Articles Am I Doctor Stallman? Avec des
       chapeaux French song parody. My radio program of Music from
	Georgia , originally broadcast on WUOG in Athens, Georgia on
      Oct 13, 2014. Resolving the trolley
    problem Quantum Theory and
    Abortion Rights A proposal for gender neutrality in Spanish , suitable for both
    speech and writing. Origin of the POSIX name. On Hacking : In June 2000, while
      visiting Korea, I did a fun hack that clearly illustrates the original
      and true meaning of the word "hacker". My Childhood Sweetheart Love and Dance Predicting the attack on Pearl Harbor Certificate of confusion Links Thanks I would like to thank: Positive Internet for hosting this web site. Graziano Sorbaioli for improving the layout of the main
          page. Please send comments on these web pages to rms at gnu period org . Copyright © 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003,
      2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013,
      2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023
      Richard Stallman Verbatim copying and redistribution of this entire page are
      permitted provided this notice is preserved. Verbatim copying and redistribution of any of the photos in the photos subdirectory is permitted under the Creative
      Commons Noderivs license version 3.0 or later.  You can copy and
      redistribute the photo of me playing music to
      the butterfly under the Creative Commons Noderivs
      Nocommercial license version 3.0 or later.  Any other photos of
      me in this (the toplevel) directory may be copied and redistributed under
      the Creative Commons Noderivs license version 3.0