Stanford Health Care (SHC) - Stanford Medical Center | Stanford Health Care Skip to main content Notice: Users may be experiencing issues with displaying some pages on stanfordhealthcare.org. We are working closely with our technical teams to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. Thank you for your patience. See our updated masking policy Menu Search Menu Search Home Close Doctors Clinics & Locations Conditions & Treatments Clinical Trials MyHealth Login Patients & Visitors Billing Insurance Financial Assistance Medical Records Contact Us Video Visits Get a Second Opinion COVID-19 Resource Center Healthcare Professionals Referring Physicians Nursing Allied Healthcare About Us Quality & Safety Facilities Services & Planning Sustainability Careers Newsroom Make a Donation Stanford Health Care – Now Doctors & Providers Clinics & Locations Conditions & Treatments Patients & Visitors MyHealth Billing Insurance Medical Records Support Groups Help Paying Your Bill COVID-19 Resource Center Community Health Locations and Parking Visitor Policy Hospital Check-in Video Visits International Patients Contact Us View All Information for Patients & Visitors We are available to assist you 24/7. 650-498-3333 GuestServices@stanfordhealthcare.org View the changes to our visitor policy View information for Guest Services New to MyHealth? Manage Your Care From Anywhere. Access your health information from any device with MyHealth.  You can message your clinic, view lab results, schedule an appointment, and pay your bill. ALREADY HAVE AN ACCESS CODE? Activate Account DON'T HAVE AN ACCESS CODE? Create a New Account NEED MORE DETAILS? Learn More about MyHealth Learn More about Video Visits MyHealth for Mobile Get the iPhone MyHealth app Get the Android MyHealth app WELCOME BACK Forgot Username or Password? Need Help? Clear About About Not Feeling Well? Visit our Express Care clinics, open daily with same-day care and video visit options available. Find locations Get your flu and COVID-19 vaccines Schedule your appointment through MyHealth , call 650-498-9000 , or visit your local pharmacy. See flu vaccine FAQs See COVID-19 vaccine FAQs Where To Get Care For life-threatening emergencies, call 911 or go to the Emergency Department. Express Care For coughs, sprains, or other issues that can't wait. Open daily. Book same-day, in-person, or video visits. Book Online See clinic details Monday to Friday, 7 a.m.–7 p.m. Weekends, 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m. Primary Care For preventive care, annual check-ups, referrals to specialty care, screenings, and immunizations. Book Online Or call 650-498-9000 Monday to Friday, 7 a.m.–7 p.m. Weekends, 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m. Specialty Care For consultations and treatments in specific areas of medicine. Referrals needed for select specialties. See Specialties Or call 650-498-3333 Available 24/7 FOR REFERRING PHYSICIANS Interested in referring or transferring a patient? How to refer NEED A SECOND OPINION? Consult with one of our experts from home. Get a second opinion We accept most insurance plans. Explore coverage options The Increasing Awareness of High Blood Pressure Danger: Five Things To Know In light of recent hypertension guideline updates, a Stanford Medicine cardiologist weighs in on lifestyle best practices, new interventions, and how best to monitor your blood pressure at home. Read the guidance Transforming Treatment: Biology-Guided Radiotherapy at Stanford Medicine Stanford leads the world in biology-guided radiotherapy using RefleXion technology to image tumors in real time and deliver ultra-precise, targeted radiation. Read about the new technology Now Available: Season Two Tune in as we bring the latest medical research to life through compelling stories that connect with your everyday health experiences. Listen and subscribe IN THE NEWS Stanford Medicine Scientists Tie Lupus to a Virus Nearly All of Us Carry The Epstein-Barr virus can convert B cells it’s infected into diabolical overlords that reprogram myriad other immune cells to attack our tissues, Stanford Medicine scientists have found. Read about the study IN THE NEWS Mental and Physical Coaching Before Surgery Prepares the Immune System, Reduces Complications A Stanford Medicine-led trial found that a few weeks of personalized prehab improved patients’ physical and cognitive resilience before surgery, with noticeable changes in their immune system. Read how coaching helps IN THE NEWS Stanford Health Care Recognized as Most Wired Stanford Health Care achieved the highest rating in both inpatient and ambulatory categories in the 2025 Digital Health Most Wired survey, an initiative of the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives. Stanford Health Care is one of only 18 U.S. health care organizations to receive the honor. Read about the award STANFORD HEALTH CARE – NOW Explore the Latest Stories and Innovations The Sugar-Cancer Connection: Five Things You Should Know Eye Prosthesis Is the First To Restore Sight Lost to Macular Degeneration AI Tool Gives Pathologists Speed, Accuracy, and a New Way To Collaborate Stanford Health Care Nurses Achieve Magnet Designation for the Fifth Time Stanford Medicine-Led Trial Leads to FDA Approval of Drug for Rare, Deadly Blood Cancer AI-Powered CRISPR Could Lead to Faster Gene Therapies, Stanford Medicine Study Finds View more stories Find a Doctor or Provider Find Conditions & Treatments Find a Stanford clinic For Patients & Visitors Billing Help Paying Your Bill Protections Against Surprise Medical Bills Price Transparency Insurance Hospital Check-in Contact Us Video Visits Send a Greeting Card Get a Second Opinion COVID-19 Resource Center Behavioral Standards Patient Privacy Policy Make a Gift About Us Quality & Safety Annual Report 300 Pasteur Drive Renewal Program Sustainability Stanford Health Care – Now For Healthcare Professionals Referring Physicians Nursing Allied Healthcare Professionals First Responders Newsroom Careers Volunteering Vendors Stanford Medicine Partners Stanford Health Care Tri-Valley Stanford Medicine Stanford Medicine Children's Health Stanford University Website Terms of Use Website Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Notice of Nondiscrimination © 2025 Stanford Health Care. All Rights Reserved. Close