PricingFeaturesHelp
Go to web app
Save 50% in our End-of-Year sale.
Get our best price of the year with 50% off annual plans.
Get the deal
Free your mind.
Standard Notes is a free, secure note-taking app with powerful end-to-end encryption, unparalleled privacy features, and seamless cross-platform syncing on unlimited devices.
Download for free
Try live demo
A steel vault for your mind.
Standard Notes is a secure digital notes app that protects your notes and files with audited, industry-leading end-to-end encryption. Only you have access to the keys required to decrypt your data.
Write and store all your notes and files in one secure place and seamlessly access them across all your devices.
Explore our features
Markdown
Rich text documents
Budgets and personal finance
Tasks and todos
Code snippets
Passwords and keys
Outlining and lists
Family records and documents
Health records
Journaling and diary
Secure file storage
Passport and ID photos
Bank account and credit card numbers
Legal contracts and agreements
Confidential business contracts and agreements
Sensual photos and videos
Write fearlessly.
Note-taking services like Evernote, Google Keep, Notion, and Simplenote cannot prevent employers and governments from reading your data.
Standard Notes features advanced security and privacy controls that protect your data against hacks, data breaches, government access, and even employee access.
Read how we protect your data
Your notes and files, always.
Never worry about losing your data again. You'll always have an offline copy of your data, so you can access your notes and files even without an internet connection.
Automated backups and secure cloud sync ensure that your data is safe and sound, even if your device is lost, damaged, or stolen.
View our plans
Take back your data.
Shape-shifting privacy policies and unauthorized access by #BigTech and other non-encrypted services can lead to leaks, doxing, financial fraud, identity theft, loss of control over your information, and other existential harms to you or your business. Safeguard your private data with zero-knowledge encryption and open, audited applications by Standard Notes.
Read our security audits
Download Standard Notes
Unlimited notes, unlimited devices, all for free.
macOS (Apple Silicon)
Download for free
Want more?
Learn about our plans
Who is Standard Notes?
We’re an independent company founded on an ethos of software sustainability and ethical data practices. Our code is completely open and independently audited by leading security researchers.
100%
Revenue from paying users
$0
In venture capital
9 years
In service
Read our longevity statement
Standard Notes
Features
Pricing
Blog
Source code
Use Cases
Writers
Legal Professionals
Journalists
Principles
Stand For Privacy
Built to Last
Write Fearlessly
Principles & Philosophies
Compare
vs Evernote
vs Google Keep
vs Simplenote
vs Obsidian
Resources
Help and FAQ
Careers
Community Forum
Knowledge Base
Media & Press
Listed Blogging Platform
Articles
Best note taking app in 2025
Follow Us
X
Discord
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Reddit
Download
macOS (Apple Silicon)
Download for free
Copyright © 2025 · Standard Notes
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service