Stan - Watch TV Shows, Movies and Kids Entertainment Stan Log in Sign up Stan The Biggest Deal in Entertainment Discover Stan's huge line-up of new & exclusive TV series, unrivalled Originals and Sport. Enter your email Start watching now By clicking 'Start watching now' you agree to hear about Stan and agree to our terms and conditions and privacy policy . Stream anytime, anywhere. The biggest new & exclusive TV series & movies - all with no ads. World class sport, any time, anywhere, with no ads in play when you add on Stan Sport. Stream in HD, 4K or watch offline. Watch the latest TV series, blockbuster movies and Stan Originals. Browse global exclusives, an unrivalled Originals line-up, iconic TV shows, or pick something the whole family can watch from a range of kids entertainment. Yellowstone - watch every episode, only on Stan. Loading... Scroll left Scroll right Browse all Stan Sport The Home of world-class Football, Rugby, Tennis & more. Add on Stan Sport to watch live & on demand. Stan Sport Football's New Home More Info Stan Sport Quilter Nations Series More Info Stan Sport Women's Super League More Info Stan Sport UEFA European Qualifiers More Info Previous entry Entry #1 Entry #2 Entry #3 Entry #4 Next entry Want to know more? How much does Stan cost? Stan subscription plans range from $12 to $22 per month. No extra costs, no contracts. You can change your plan anytime. Add on Stan Sport for $20 a month. What can I watch on Stan? Stan has all the latest movies, documentaries, TV series, critically acclaimed Stan Originals, kids TV shows and movies. Plus, Stan Sport includes UEFA Champions League, the best of Rugby, Grand Slam Tennis, Motorsport and more. How do I add Stan Sport? If you don't have Stan yet Sign up to Stan and make sure you add Stan Sport when you choose your plan. If you already have Stan Log in to your Stan account and select 'Sport' from the navigation bar at the top of your screen. You'll be taken to a new screen to add Stan Sport. You can also add Sport in 'Manage Account'. What devices can I use? Search and download the Stan app from your TV's app store. You can watch Stan on smart TVs, smartphones, tablets and gaming consoles. See more devices here . How do I connect Stan to my TV? Search and download the Stan app from your TV's app store. You can watch Stan on your smart TV, smartphone, tablets and gaming console. How do I cancel Stan? Stan offers flexibility with no lock-in contracts. You can easily cancel your account online without any cancellation fees, allowing you to start or stop your subscription at any time. Browse Stan Stan Originals Stan Iconic Series Stan Exclusives Collections 4K UHD Movies TV Shows Kids Genres Pay-Per-View Genres Drama Comedy Action Family Documentary Thriller Adventure Sci-Fi Romance Horror Sport Olympics Tennis Optus Sport On Stan British & Irish Lions Premier League Rugby Football Motorsport Wimbledon Help Help Centre Supported Devices Plans & Pricing Gift Cards Manage Account Venue Subscription Venue Finder Home Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Newsroom Stan on Facebook Stan on Instagram Stan on TikTok Stan on X Stan on YouTube Stan on iOS Stan on Android Copyright © 2025 Stan. All Rights Reserved.