Stape | Server-Side Tracking Made Easy For Everyone Stape Products Comprehensive setup Most popular Server GTM Hosting Tagging server for sGTM containers, available with Global and EU hosting options. European Server GTM Hosting 100% European-owned cloud servers for server Google Tag Manager. Signals Gateway Send first-party data with control to Meta or other destinations for maximum value. Easy setup Meta Conversions API Gateway Hosting Configure Meta Conversions API in less than 60 seconds. TikTok Events API Gateway Hosting Quickly integrate TikTok Events API, bypassing complex server-side tagging setups. Stape Gateway The easiest way to set up server-side Google Analytics 4 and Google Ads. Snapchat Conversions API Gateway Hosting Simplified server-side setup for Snapchat CAPI tracking to improve data accuracy. Stape Care Audit, regular monitoring and maintenance from our experts. Solutions Community Toolkit Freshhhh Tracking Checker Free tracking audit and recommendations. CRM apps Integrate server-side tracking with top CRMs: Pipedrive, Salesforce, HighLevel and others. Setup Assistant Generate ready-to-use Google Tag Manager container templates. CMS apps Connect WordPress, Shopify, Wix, and other CMS platforms for precise tracking. Chrome Extension A free Chrome extension designed to speed up and simplify GTM debugging. GTM Tools Centralized management: create, update, and organize efficiently. GTM templates Web GTM tags Web GTM variables Server GTM clients Server GTM tags Server GTM variables All toolkit page → Resources Read Blog All the helpful blog posts and onboarding guides are here. News The current happenings in the industry. Case studies How our clients improved their tracking. About Stape A short history and some of our friendly, smiling faces. Learn with Ira and Dan Academy Free courses on server-side tagging. Helpdesk Step-by-step instructions and documentation. Community forum Place for members to collaborate and support each other. Demo account Explore the platform's unique features and capabilities. Get started Migration Set up server-side tracking with Stape. Become a partner Join the Stape partner program and earn a lifetime commission. Trust Сenter Learn how Stape ensures the security and reliability of your data and tracking setup. Support 24/7 expert help is here. Events Conferences, Events, Seminars and Workshops that Stape has attended. Pricing EN ES FR DE NL IT PT TR RU UA JA ZH KO Search Log in Contact sales Try for free Contact sales Try for free Stape is server-side tracking All-in-one platform designed to simplify server-side tracking. Industry leaders and top companies choose us to boost data quality and marketing ROI while maintaining security compliance. Try for free Join 200 000+ happy customers 🤿 Need a deep dive? Contact sales → See how server-side tracking can boost your data collection Use our scanner to check how complete and compliant your data tracking setup is, and see how Stape can enhance it. Not sure what server-side is? Check this article first. Scan your site that’s something new and cool! Leverage the full benefits of server-side tracking and first-party data Use Stape to configure server-side tracking using the Google Tag Manager and Signals Gateway — all-in-one tools for first-party data collection and server-side tracking integration across multiple platforms. great Server Google Tag Manager Hosting Set up server-side tagging for Google Tag Manager in minutes . No more struggling or wasting time on tedious GCP or AWS configurations. Try for free Learn more Signals Gateway awesome Streamline data connection from any source to any destination, Meta or beyond . Save time, resources and improve performance to drive business results. Try for free Learn more Choose the simplest and fastest method for setting up server-side tracking on dedicated platforms First-party data, no coding or technical skills needed - configuration takes minutes! Meta Conversions API Gateway Smart Meta Conversions API integration. 7-day free trial Learn more Stape Gateway Server-side Google Analytics and Google Ads. 7-day free trial Learn more TikTok Events API Gateway Quick TikTok Events API integration. 7-day free trial Learn more Snapchat Conversions API Gateway Easy Snap Conversions API integration. 7-day free trial Learn more I’m sorry, what exactly does Stape do? Stape is your all-in-one solution for server-side tagging We help our clients set up server-side tracking by offering easy-to-configure cloud server infrastructure , features that improve data quality, as well as solutions and plugins to streamline server-side tracking configuration. Stape provides the most competitive prices , a wide range of features, human customer support, and top-notch security . How Stape can help you Adapt to 3rd party cookie deprecation Reduce the risk of losing valuable tracking data needed for personalized marketing and accurate analytics. Switch to first-party cookies and extend cookie lifetime against browser restrictions, while retaining valuable tracking data with same origin custom domain , own CDN , or Сookie Keeper Stape power-up . Bypass AdBlockers Ensure complete and accurate analytics even when ad blockers prevent essential tracking scripts from running. With the Custom Loader power-up , you can get up to 40% more accurate data, as it makes Google Tag Manager and Google Analytics 4 scripts invisible to ad blockers. Improve marketing attribution Bypass iOS restrictions and improve the attribution of your paid social campaigns campaigns on Facebook, TikTok, Snapchat, etc. With server-side tracking, you can attribute conversion to the campaign even if tracking in the browser or app is not allowed or was blocked. Enhance data security Avoid the headache of ensuring user privacy and GDPR compliance, especially when handling large volumes of data. Easily anonymise or remove user data in GA4 with Stape's Anonymizer power-up. Ensure GDPR compliance with our European cloud server infrastructure. Implement cookieless tracking Switch to first-party user data. Manage and sync your data securely within sGTM using User ID power-up , ensuring privacy and GDPR compliance. Stape Store makes data handling even more seamless. Enrich user data Get better personalization, more effective marketing strategies, and a clear understanding of user behavior, leading to increased engagement and conversions. Enhance your event data with our GEO headers , User agent , and Stape Store power-ups. Autoscale resources when traffic spikes Stape handles increased traffic without manual adjustments, providing a seamless experience for your users and maintaining site reliability. When Stape detects traffic spikes, we automatically scale servers by adding more CPU or memory. But that’s not all. You can learn more in our dog blog . Why you should choose Stape? Cost-effective Try our freemium plan for sGTM or start with $20/month for hosting, including logs. For high-traffic websites, we offer custom solutions tailored to your needs. Meta CAPIG free trial is also available. Swift and simple setup Save time and technical effort with Stape's easy setup. Helpful support and community is here to assist with advanced server-side tracking . Top power-ups for your tracking setup Boost your server GTM hosting with quality solutions and templates for all your data-tracking needs . Get the tools you need and enjoy the depth and accuracy of your data. Easy monitoring and debugging Get all you need with Stape's built-in solutions — we've got you covered to ensure everything runs smoothly. Oversee your tracking setup and resolve issues quickly and efficiently. Custom & enterprise Private clusters Interested in a custom solution? We've got you covered. Stape offers server-side tagging custom solutions for enterprise customers : custom contracts or contract amendments, custom SLAs, BAA agreements for healthcare clients, unlimited subdomains, custom SSL and muсh more. Contact us to learn more. Contact now We have more than 200 000 happy clients Case studies ZweiDigital with Herzlack achieved 37% ROAS increase and 20% CPA reduction with Stape Find out how ZweiDigital and Herzlack improved campaign efficiency with Stape, increasing ROAS and lowering CPA. Read the case study → Eyk platform optimizes tracking with Stape’s server-side integration Explore how Eyk used Stape’s server-side tracking infrastructure to improve data precision, tracking performance, and deliver real-time analytics to Eyk users. Read the case study → Zumnorde achieves a 40% reduction in Direct Traffic | Projecter Discover how server-side tagging improved data attribution: 40% reduction in Direct revenue for accurate channel tracking, +9% Google Ads revenue, and +13% Email Marketing revenue. Read the case study → 20% of data recovered from tracking prevention | Peak Metrics Learn how the Peak Metrics company records 20% data recovery with server-side tracking Read the case study → ROI Assist achieves a 33% increase in Facebook Ads tracking accuracy with Stape server-side tracking Learn how Stape partner ROI Assist helped their clients record a 33% growth in data accuracy with server-side tracking Read the case study → ASENTO measuring 62% more revenue for WoodUpp with server-side tracking Discover how a Danish manufacturer reached revenue growth with Stape in our case study from ASENTO. Read the case study → Klaviyo server-side tracking boosts revenue: case study Discover how implementing server-side tracking with GTM improved Scandinavian Biolabs' ability to track user behavior and trigger effective email marketing automation. Read the case study → Immune supplements company records 34% more conversions with sGTM Discover how a Slovenian company in the immune and wellness supplements niche recorded 32% more conversions using sGTM. Read the case study → MecShopping doubled from 24% to 50% with user tracking consent MecShopping took advantage of Server-Side tracking and obtained doubled results thanks to Consent Mode. Read the case study → FAI achieves a +128% increase in memberships thanks to the implementation of GA4 Find out how FAI achieves +128% increase from digital advertising thanks to server implementation of Google Analytics 4. Read the case study → Comparing Facebook Ads Results Using FB Pixel Only vs. FB Pixel and CAPI Discover the difference in Facebook ads results when using the Facebook Conversions API compared to Pixel-only tracking. Read the case study → How Onyx Cookware measured 115% more value in Google Ads Find out about the success case of Onyx Cookware, how Obsidian Digital set up server-side tracking via Stape and how it led to a great outcome in Google Ads. Read the case study → Recent blog posts Tracking Server-side tracking for iGaming industry Server-side tracking for iGaming is a powerful iGaming tracking solution that boosts data accuracy, bypasses ad blockers, and provides insights. Vlad Kononov Dec 24, 2025 Tracking Website tracking and analytics audit made easy Get a free website audit with Stape using Website Tracking Checker to find tracking issues and improve site performance. Maryna Semidubarska Dec 22, 2025 Google Analytics How to configure the MCP Server for Google Analytics 4 Simplify the GA4 management and data reporting with Stape’s solution. Find out how to implement the GA4 MCP Server in a few minutes. Uliana Lesiv Dec 17, 2025 This is a block where we flex. 100s of millions of requests per day 100s of servers 100s of hundreds of clients So are we good? Absolutely! Host your GTM server at Stape right now! Try for free © 2025, Stape Inc. support@stape.io Support working hours 🐝 We monitor our servers and provide customer support 24/7 Company Partner program Tracking Care About Media kit Solutions Custom Loader Global CDN Logs Multi domain Feature request Setup assistant Legal Cookie notice GDPR statement Terms of use Privacy notice DPA Status page SLA Cookie settings Learn What is server-side tracking? How to set up server-side tracking? What is GTM server-side? GA4 server-side Google Ads server-side tracking Meta CAPI via server GTM Meta CAPI Gateway Bypass adblock detection Product Stape benefits Case studies Demo account Pricing API Stape vs GCP Release notes 📡 Get the latest news and data tracking tips we don’t spam! Subscribe