Startquestion - create online survey and forms Features Overview Question types Survey Distribution Analyze Results Sharing & Collaboration Branding & White Label E-mail Surveys Reports Data Security Logic, Branching & Piping Website Surveys API & Integrations Tests & Quizzes Respondents Identification Tagging Responses Workflows & Automations Forms Multilingual Surveys Solutions Your Audience Customers Customer Needs Survey Customer Satisfaction Survey Customer Service Survey Transactional Survey Net Promoter Score Website Evaluation Usability Research Post-event Evaluation Employees Knowledge Tests Exit Interview Employee Satisfaction Candidate Experience Your Role For Teams & Professionals HR Specialist CX Manager Marketer Researcher Survey Examples Customer Feedback (UX,CX) Net Promoter® Score (NPS) Customer Satisfaction Survey Customer Effort Score Customer Needs Survey Customer Exit Survey Human Resources (HR) Candidate Experience Meeting Feedback Survey Exit Interview Business & Marketing Post-Event Survey Marketing Survey Questions Advertising Effectiveness Survey Sales Contact Form Brand Awareness Survey Other Research Webinar Feedback Hotel Survey Volunteer Survey Student Survey Competitive Advantage Survey Explore our 150+ survey templates Survey Examples Pricing Resources Blog Newest post Customer Pain Points: How to Identify and Resolve Them Ebooks Download free resources, eBooks and tutorials to help you create effective surveys. Affiliate Program Earn money on every customer you refer Customers Reviews Find out why customers choose Startquestion Help Center Tips and tricks from the Startquestion Team. AI Survey Creator Change language en Change language Italiano Français Español English Log in Sign Up free Introducing AI Survey Generator Try AI Survey Creator and Start Your Research in Minutes Make Smarter Decisions with Actionable Data Startquestion is a platform designed to gather feedback from customers and employees, allowing for swift analysis and sharing of insights within the organization. Start for Free Book a Call No credit card required · GDPR ready · Cancel any time Trusted by over 5000 Companies Discover Tool for Business Teams and Professionals HR Professionals Collecting employee feedback has never been easier, even if you are not tech-savvy. With our user-friendly tools, you can quickly analyze and share the results with your team. CX Managers It's essential to listen to your customers every step of the way. With NPS and all the important CX metrics, we can help you respond quickly to important feedback, identify market trends, and share the results with your org. Marketing Managers Efficiently conduct research at lower costs than outsourcing to an agency. Gather qualitative data without IT expertise and share insights effortlessly with your team. Reserchers Efficiently update on your progress and share reports without any delay. Achieve your project goals faster and lower cost than hiring an agency with greater control over the process. Trust the Best-Rated Survey Software Read Reviews Listen to Exactly the Audience You Need Customer Experience Customer Satisfaction Survey Customer Needs Survey Customer Service Survey Net Promoter Score Transactional Survey Employee Insights Employee Satisfaction Exit Interview Knowledge Tests Candidate Experience Other Researches Application Form Post-event Evaluation Patient Feedback User Research E-commerce Satisfaction Product Feedback Usability Research Website Evaluation After many recommendations, we tested Startquestion, which turned out to be easy to use and flexible survey software. We appreciate the customer support team’s high quality, reaction time, and patience. Startquestion helps us in many feedback-related use cases, and we see more users and departments actively using it for their purposes. Krzysztof Gabruk Customer Experience Chapter Leader at Santander Bank Poland See Other Reviews Try Out 3-Steps Research with Startquestion Create Whether you prefer pre-made templates or create a survey from scratch, it’s easy to tailor the wording, colors, and graphics to your needs without coding experience. By customizing your survey, you can maximize the response rate and improve the overall quality of your research. Start Now with Ready Survey Templates Collect Send surveys to your desired audience through a link, email, or QR code, or add it directly to your website. Set up the delivery once, and the system automatically sends the survey to the respondents at the appropriate time. Set up an alert informing you immediately about new or negative feedback. Survey Distribution Conclude Quickly analyze trends and track changes in your key metrics over time with our user-friendly analytical tools. Act on feedback and share personalized reports with your team members and stakeholders. Stay up-to-date by periodically communicating updates to keep everyone informed. Analyze Results What Makes Startquestion the Right Choice for You? Quick Start With +100 Templates Use our pre-made CX and HR survey templates to gather valuable feedback quickly. Customize them easily to improve response rates. Amazing Customer Support Our support is rated top-notch, by our customers. W e are here to help you throughout every stage of your research. No Technical Skills Required Our platform is intuitive and user-friendly. Help Center and blog articles provide educational resources to help you easily work independently. Your Data Is Safe with Us We fully comply with GDPR regarding processing data and ensuring its security. Leading enterprises, banks, and medical companies rely on our trustworthy services. Startquestion is Appreciated by Users All Over the World Product Overview Solutions Customer Experience Employee Insights User Research Other Survey Examples Customer Feedback (UX,CX) Human Resources (HR) Business & Marketing Other Research Survey Ideas Resources Blog Case Studies Ebooks Webinars Help Center Company Contact Customers Reviews Become a Partner Terms and conditions Quality and safety guarantee: 2025 Startquestion Product Solutions Survey Examples Resources Company This site is secured by reCAPTCHA and Google. Valid Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . Manage cookie Get Feedback Racino Sadowski Skowronek s.j. as the Personal Data Controller, processes your personal data using cookies to ensure the proper functioning of the website. You can manage your preferences by selecting the appropriate button by clicking "Accept all cookies" or "Decline cookies” or “Manage your cookies”. You can withdraw your consent at any time by changing the selected settings. More information about the use of cookies and the processing of your personal data, including your rights, can be found in our Privacy Policy. Functional Functional Always active Storage of or access to technical data is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service expressly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a message over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences Storage or technical access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics Technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. Technical storage or access that is used solely for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance from the ISP, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved solely for this purpose usually cannot be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing Storage or technical access is required to create user profiles for the purpose of sending advertisements or tracking a user on a website or on several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Settings Settings Settings {title} {title} {title} Manage