About us
Pricing
Business
Features
Blog
Support
ENGLISH
DEUTSCH
ENGLISH
Log in
Try it for free
Secure email that puts your privacy first

StartMail keeps your inbox secure, private, and spam-free. No tracking, no profiling – just secure emailing with unlimited disposable addresses and one-click encryption.




Looking for email for work? Get your secure business email here!

Try it for free for 7 days
No ads, no tracking
Unlimited aliases
Send encrypted emails to anyone
Protected by the world’s strictest privacy regulations
“StartMail keeps your email private from AI.”

Robert E.G. Beens
Founder and CEO




Read the full statement.

NO ADS, NO TRACKING
Break free from Big Tech

Companies make money by tracking your email activity, profiling you, and serving you ads. This is an invasion of your privacy. We don’t do this, period.

UNLIMITED ALIASES
Protect yourself with anonymous aliases

Extra disposable email addresses you can create and delete at any time. Helps to keep your main address exclusive, and prevent spam and phishing.

ENCRYPTED EMAILS
Keep your email between you and your recipients

Send encrypted emails to anyone. If your recipient doesn’t use encryption, they can receive and reply to your encrypted emails with a password you set for them.

DUTCH AND PROUD
European privacy, at its best

We are in the Netherlands, meaning your emails and data are protected by Dutch privacy legislation and GDPR. And, yes, our servers are located here as well.

The real price of free email

There are plenty of so-called “free“ email services, but they aren’t really free. You pay with your privacy. The fine print lets providers read everything, analyzing every email to create a profile of your personal life and selling it to advertisers. They save your private messages and information, even after you delete it. This opens you up to intrusive ads, spam, and phishing attacks.

89%

of people do not want their data used for personalized ads.


StartMail puts you back in control - no tracking, profiling, or intrusive ads.

85%

of all emails are spam.


StartMail lets you create disposable email addresses for every service you sign up for. This protects your inbox from spam and helps identify where data has been leaked.

70%

of phishing emails are opened by their targets.


StartMail warns you every time you click an external link to protect you from phishing attempts and keep your personal data safe.

Popular features
Flexible storage options

Choose the plan that fits your needs: 20GB for personal use or 30GB for business subscriptions.

Unlimited aliases

Unique extra email addresses you can create and delete at any time. Help to keep your main address exclusive, and prevent spam and phishing.

Password protected email

Send encrypted emails securely to anyone, anywhere. Even if the recipient does not use encryption, we allow you to set a password for them to receive and reply to your encrypted emails.

PGP encrypted emails

We make it easy to keep your emails secure with PGP encryption. With just one click, you can encrypt your email with PGP and ensure that only the intended recipients can read your message.

Seamlessly migrate emails and contacts

Easily transfer your contacts and emails from other providers with just a few clicks.

Great customer support

If you need help, we are there for you. Our support team consists of humans who use StartMail daily - no chatbots found here.

Learn about all features
Don’t just take our word for it
The secure email solution Iʼve been looking for!

It's fast, easy to use and comes with all the bells and whistles you want! Stop selling your privacy to internet giants. Start using secure email with StartMail!

Joël

StartMail-User

For anyone who wants to stay in control of their inbox

I strongly recommend investing a few dollars/euros in a secure and private email provider, such as StartMail. I really love the fact that StartMail offers me the option to use “disposable” email addresses every time I make an online purchase. As such, I am not compromising my main email address."




Read more: Privacy in action

Frederic Carteron

Superior Court Judge

The highest ethical standards

I am sooo excited to be signed up for your email services — and equally happy and relieved to cancel all my Gmail email accounts. Thank you all once again for creating and maintaining the highest ethical standards at StartMail.

Anonymous

StartMail-User

A no-brainer

Premium privacy features and security make StartMail the ideal email service for individuals or businesses sending sensitive information regularly. With unlimited aliases, huge amounts of storage, and top-class encryption, StartMail is a no-brainer for those looking to move away from more easily hackable services like Gmail or Outlook.

Chelsea Forsyth

techradar.pro - The source for tech buying advice

No longer beholden to companies like Google and Microsoft for my email

Five Stars. I've been using StartMail for a few months now, and I really like it. The security features are awesome, and its very intuitive to use. It's so great to know that I am no longer beholden to companies like Google and Microsoft for my email. Definitely recommend.

Ron B.

StartMail-User

I use StartMail to secure my email privacy

Free email isn't free — you pay with your privacy. That's why I now use StartMail to secure my email privacy. Dump the spy-mail and get your own StartMail account for pennies a day!

Kim Komando

Radio host of The Kim Komando Show - America's largest show about tech

I love the ability to create aliases!

I have set up a lot of aliases that will be used for orders, subscriptions, etc. If one gets junk emails I can delete it and use others created for the same function.

Tennfarmer

StartMail-User

I'm so happy I switched

A nice, easy email operation that doesn't spam with advertising and doesn't sell or market my mail. I'm so happy I switched and will gladly continue paying yearly for the peace, and security I have.

BrotherMatthews

StartMail-User

Better privacy for your email

Built by the founders of Startpage - the world’s most private search engine.

Watch the video to learn how StartMail protects your privacy.
No ads, no tracking
Secure encryption methods
Unlimited email aliases




...and much more!

Frequently asked questions
Can I use my existing email client?
Can I access my email on my mobile phone?
How can an alias help me?
Who created StartMail?
Why isn’t StartMail free?

Can’t find the answer you need?

Our dedicated support team is on hand to help.

Visit support
Blog
5 Benefits of Using a Secure Email Service for Your Business
Continue reading 
The Hidden Costs of Free Email Services
Continue reading 
6 Ways That Companies Violate Your Data Privacy
Continue reading 
Why Private Email is Becoming Essential in 2025
Continue reading 
See all blog articles
FREE 7-DAY TRIAL
Private email you can trust

We protect your data, activity, and privacy with state-of-the-art security and technology.

Try it for free for 7 days
Support
StartMail for Business
Terms of service
Affiliate
Email Aliases
Press
Privacy Policy
Release notes
Private Email
Disposable Email
Encrypted Email
Contact
Technical white paper
Status
Follow us

© StartMail B.V. 2025