Stardock Stardock.com Navigation Software Object Desktop Windows productivity Suite For Home | For Business Start11 Customize Start Menu & Taskbar For Home | For Business Fences Organize desktop apps & files For Home | For Business Connection Explorer See every connection Learn More | Buy Now Multiplicity Control multiple PCs seamlessly For Home | For Business Groupy Bring tabs to every app For Home | For Business DeskScapes Animated desktop backgrounds Learn More | Buy Now ObjectDock Animated dock for shortcuts Learn More | Buy Now WindowBlinds Personalize taskbar & windows Learn More | Buy Now CursorFX Customize your Windows cursor Learn More | Buy Now View All Software Products Discover our productivity and customization tools. Corporate Software Solutions Increase productivity, design intelligent controls and reinforce branding with our enterprise products. Games Galactic Civilizations Discover new adventures and rule the galaxy your way in this 4X space strategy game. Sins of a Solar Empire II Battle for galactic dominance in this real-time 4X strategy game with unrivaled scale! Star Control Command Earth's first interstellar starship to save the planet from hostile alien empires. Elemental: Reforged Create a character and lead your civilization in this reimagined remaster of the epic, turn-based fantasy strategy game. Ashes of the Singularity II Command vast armies and seize control of the solar system in this massive RTS game set in a post-human world. Offworld Trading Company Mars has been colonized, and Earth's corporate titans fight to dominate this new market. All Games Check out our complete catalog of award-winning games. Community Stay up-to-date with game news and dev journals. Metaverse See how you rank against other players in your favorite games. Wikis Immerse yourself in game lore, tutorials, and more. Community Software Games Discord Wikis WinCustomize News Up to 90% Off during the Stardock Winter Sale Up to 50% Off Stardock Software during our Winter Sale Livestream Recap: First Look at Ashes of the Singularity II Elemental: Reforged Launches Beta 2 in Early Access Connection Explorer Beta 2 Arrives with Bandwidth Monitor, Activity Timeline, and More All News > Blog Connection Explorer Beta 2 Arrives with Bandwidth Monitor, Activity Timeline, and More Releasing Fences 6.20 with New Features and Enhancements Connection Explorer, It’s like a Blacklight for your PC How to Enable Vertical Taskbars in Windows 11 Fences 6 Now Available on Steam All Blogs > Support Forums Search Stardock Corporation Home Page Stardock Winter Sale The Stardock Winter Sale is here! Save up to 90% on Stardock games and software Learn More Now in Beta Your PC connects to endpoints across the globe, visualize every interaction in an interface designed for exploration. Get it Now Join Early Access Create a character and lead your civilization in this reimagined remaster of the epic, turn-based fantasy strategy game. Learn More Wishlist Now Command vast armies and seize control of the solar system in this massive RTS game set in a post-human future. Learn More Now Available Automatically organize your desktop apps, files, and folders on Windows 10 and 11. Get it Now Now Available Battle for galactic dominance in this real-time strategy game with unrivaled scale! Get it Now Now Available The industry's most advanced Start Menu customization program. Get it Now Now Available Explore, colonize, shape cultures, forge alliances, and pioneer tech in this epic space strategy. Get it Now Now Available The complete productivity and personalization suite for Windows. Get it Now Wishlist Now In this massive real-time strategy game, command vast armies fighting for control of entire worlds. Control the forces of Earth, the mechanical AI Substrate, or the enigmatic Post-Human Coalition as you battle across the solar system in single player, cooperative multiplayer, or completive multiplayer. After the technological singularity, only one form of life will survive. Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up here to get the latest news, updates, and special offers delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at anytime Announcements December 18, 2025 Up to 90% Off during the Stardock Winter Sale December 18, 2025 Up to 50% Off Stardock Software during our Winter Sale December 18, 2025 Livestream Recap: First Look at Ashes of the Singularity II December 16, 2025 Elemental: Reforged Launches Beta 2 in Early Access December 15, 2025 Connection Explorer Beta 2 Arrives with Bandwidth Monitor, Activity Timeline, and More Our Software Customize your Windows experience with this complete suite of desktop enhancement products. LEARN MORE Automatically organize your desktop apps, files, and folders on Windows 10 and 11. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Customize the Start Menu and Taskbar in Windows 10/11. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Keep your desktop organized with the only universal tab experience for Windows 10 and 11. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Customize the look and feel of your Windows 10/11 Start menu, taskbar, window frames, and control buttons. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Instantly connect multiple PCs and move files between them using a single keyboard and mouse. LEARN MORE Our Games The battle for humanity's future begins in this massive scale real-time strategy game. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Create a character and lead your civilization in this reimagined remaster of the epic, turn-based fantasy strategy game. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Battle for galactic dominance in this real-time strategy game with unrivaled scale! LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Explore, colonize, shape cultures, forge alliances, and pioneer tech in this epic space strategy. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Your mission: Save humanity, Captain. At all costs and by any means necessary. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Win the hearts and minds of America's voters and take the 2024 presidential election by storm. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Transform Galaxies Learn more about careers at Stardock. Explore Careers Stardock.com Footer Software Object Desktop Corporate Solutions Start11 Fences DeskScapes Multiplicity Groupy Games Ashes of the Singularity II Elemental Galactic Civilizations IV Sins of a Solar Empire II Star Control The Political Machine Offworld Trading Company Siege of Centauri Sorcerer King: Rivals Company About Blog Management Team Careers News Press Assets Creator Program Contact Us Forums Support Help Center My Account Create an Account Product Keys Reset Password Update Account Info Support Reddit Direct Software Download Links Product Keys Create a ticket Sign up for our newsletter Subscribe © 2025 Stardock Site Map Terms Privacy DMCA Thank you! Please check your email for a confirmation link. Once confirmed, you can look forward to receiving exclusive specials and announcements direct from Stardock. You may manage your subscriptions here .