Play Online Starburst Slot Machine Real Money The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Mummy Money - 3236 USD Josep* 2 place Cops N' Bandi... - 2171 USD Matth* 3 place Bonanza Slot ... - 1092 USD Jessi* Jackpot $ 7 7 4 1 2 8 1 Play now Starburst No Deposit Slots Free Slots Real Money Slots 5 Reel Slots Demo Play Real Play Play for real money STARBURST POKIES REAL MONEY – PLAY ONLINE OR FOR REAL MONEY Facebook Twitter Starburst was created by NetEnt back in 2013. It has quickly risen to be among the most popular slot games in the online casino world. Starburst is a very popular five-reel online slot consisting of 10 play lines. Read our ultimate starburst slot review. read more Video Overview Released 2013 Software NetEnt Rolls 5 Paylines 10 Minimum Bet 1 per line Maximum Bet 10 per line Play for money! Screenshots This slot game is of cosmic theme with the background made up of jeweled symbols and stars that non casino fans such as Bejeweled can easily recognize. General Characteristics This is a low to medium variance slot game containing 96.10% RTP. It also has 10 win lines paying both ways from right to left and left to right with the main feature being the expanding stars on the reels 2, 3 and 4 up to the reel. In case you manage to land a star in any of the reels, it expands and pays out any winning lines you have before re-spinning again. Should you land another star, it will turn the reel as it also keeps the initial triggering reel wild and the process will be repeated up to at most 3 spins.

This basically means one is capable of having 4 winning spins from a single bet as the wild reel stick each spin providing you with three wild reels in the middle together with the wins that build up from every spin. It is possible to have 2or 3 reels wild for a single spin should you land 2 or three stars in a single spin. How to Win Starburst Slot Machine Real Money The tips below will help you add another dimension to your gaming.

Leveler: It is a strategy that involves raising your bet by 2 levels after 5 back to back losses. The process will repeat after every 5 recurrent losses. The bets will rest themselves in case of a win.

Booster: You will raise the bet one level up to four levels above the base bet with each loss. You will however return back to the original bet amount.

Jumper: Its works just like the booster strategy although in reverse. After a single win, you will have to raise the bet level by 1 up to the 4 levels. The bet level will however reset after a loss. Winning Combinations Starburst real money lacks a progressive jackpot. Its winnings can reach $50,000. This is huge enough to compare to some of the common progressives you will need to get 3 expanding starburst wilds to win. This starburst slot free play game is popularly known as a well paying game and it is ranked among the most played video slots in online casinos today.

It is very easy to play starburst online for real money. All you have to do is make a deposit into your starburst online casino account and load up your choice of slot. You can cash out anytime you want and the more you continue to starburst for fun the bigger bonuses you will get. Casinos Feature Starburst Pokie for Real Money Starburst is one of the most popular and played slot machines from Net Entertainment. The Starburst slot machine features a retro-looking gaming interface that includes ten pay lines and five reels. The most notable feature of this game is that there isn’t an actual bonus round, and players of more simple pokies will love to spin its reels. Starburst Special Features The Starburst online slot has some interesting special features that make the game unique and appealing. These features include: Wild icons that convert into stacked/expanding wilds Wild icons that activate free spins anytime they appear Winning combinations that can pay in both directions The wild symbol is the main special feature in this game. Represented by the Starburst logo, this symbol can replace all other icons to create a winning combination. When it appears on the second, third, and fourth reels, it expands automatically, converting into a stacked wild. The stacked wilds can also activate free spins round when they appear on reels two, three, and four and remain in place throughout the free spins round. Also, it’s possible to re-activate the free spins round a maximum of three times when additional wilds appear. Additional Symbols on the Paytable Aside from the Starburst slots logo, there are some important symbols that can yield attractive winnings. These are 3 emerald symbols, the lucky 7 symbols, the diamond, and the bar. They offer different real money prizes when they are part of a winning combination. Here is how each one of them pays out: 3 emerald x 5: up to 500 coins Lucky 7 x 5: up to 1200 coins Diamond x 5: up to 600 coins Bar symbol x 5: up to 2500 coins Starburst is not a progressive jackpot game. It offers medium variance that many gamblers appreciate. The slot offers a maximum jackpot of up to 50,000 coins, and this can only occur when placing the maximum wager and maximum coin size. Also, all the five reels must be able to display 3x stacked wild icons. Starburst provides a 96% RTP, which is slightly above average. Starburst Real Money vs Starburst for Fun You can play Starburst real money version or its demo variant for fun. All these two versions of the slot machine are available online at any gaming site that offers Net Entertainment software. Below you will find more details. Playing for Real Money Many players love the Starburst slot online real money because it offers some excellent real money rewards. You can only be able to get your hands on these rewards when you play for real money. Playing the paid version of Starburst is straightforward as you only need to set your bet and then hit the Spin button. To set your bet, you need to adjust the wager level, where you have ten options to choose from. The higher the wager level, the more the chances of creating a winning combination. Another important aspect of your bet is the coin value that determines the amount per spin that you’ll have to wager. The lowest value that you can wager is 0.01 coins, but you should not expect to win much. That means to win some significant amounts of money; you need to increase your coin value, where the maximum is 100 coins. Starburst has an autoplay button that can allow you to spin the reels without any interruptions. Playing Starburst for Fun Net Entertainment, the developer of this game, wants every slot lover to try out this title, whether they have money or not. With a real money bankroll, you can be able to play the paid version, as already discussed above. But without real cash, you can also enjoy the special gameplay that this slot provides by playing the free version. When playing the free version of the game, you’ll receive free credits that allow you to play this game. The slot replenishes these credits when you land a winning combination. Once you exhaust all the free credits, you’ll not be able to continue playing, and that means you must deposit real money to continue enjoying the game. The free version is designed to allow you to learn how to play the game and familiarise yourself with all of the special features available. And that is why the Starburst slots online free version of the game is an important one. Payout Range of the Starburst Slot in 2025 After choosing a bet level between one and ten and setting the coin value to anything from 0.01 and 1.00, you will have to wait for a winning combination that includes the following symbols. You must be able to get a minimum of three to win a prize. Here are the payouts of slot symbols based on your bet level. Symboln 3 On a Payline 4 On a Payline 5 On a Payline Purple Gem 5x 10x 25x Blue Gem 5x 10x 25x Red Gem 7x 15x 40x Green Gem 8x 20x 50x Yellow Gem 10x 25x 60x 7 25x 60x 120x Bar 50x 200x 250x While the payout is relatively low compared to other slot machines from Net Entertainment, there is more than enough in the Starburst game to keep you spinning the reels for several hours. Play Starburst Real Money Starburst slot casino is not only an action filled and visually rewarding to entertain participants for hours, but it is both – way win feature that makes it possible for players to rack up twice as many wins as they can.  Its medium volatility slot does pay out fairly with low to mid sized wins thereby making it rewarding to play starburst slots real money. This slot game does provide its players with simple and dazzling journey through the bound cosmos. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Cops N' Bandits slot Real Play Demo Wild Spirit slot Real Play Demo Football Rules Real Play Demo Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 5 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 5 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 5 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 4 /5 Reveiw Play Now! 4 /5 Reveiw Play Now! see all Lucas Briggs Chief editor Introduction of Lucas Briggs Born: Jun 3 1992 in St Felicien Address: 4339 Rue De La Gare, St Felicien G8K 1B1, CA Education: Anadolu University Mail: [email protected] Experience in casino reporter: 6 Job: Best Slot Attendant in our team Lucas Briggs has been a successful writer for over 6 is a world renowned Gambling and Gaming expert years and having excelled in magazines, papers and even in TV briefly, he found his ideal medium to be the internet because of its enormous scope and freedom. As a gambling fan, Lucas Briggs jumped at the opportunity to become the writer at starburst-slots.com, which is why he tackles each and every review and story like it is his last. He is currently the editor of the casino guides and reviews and host writer of starburst-slots.com. 04.02.2025 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Starburst No Deposit Slots Free Slots Real Money Slots 5 Reel Slots Casinos Online All Slots Responsible Gambling Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions About Us Submit Your Casino starburst-slots.com © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money