marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Marketing Platform
Analytics
Get essential customer insights.

Get a complete understanding of your customers across devices and platforms. Google Analytics gives you the tools, free of charge, to understand the customer journey and improve marketing ROI.

Get started today
See what’s in it for you.

Unlock customer-centric measurement.

Understand how your customers interact across your sites and apps, throughout their entire lifecycle.

Get smarter insights to improve ROI.

Uncover new insights and anticipate future customer actions with Google’s machine learning to get more value out of your data.

Connect your insights to results.

Take action to optimize marketing performance with integrations across Google’s advertising and publisher tools.

Make your data work for you.

Quickly analyze your data and collaborate with an easy-to-use interface and shareable reports.

See all benefits
Google Analytics allows us to look at our data across platforms — web and app — to understand the full journey of our users. We’ve been able to cut our reporting time by 50%.

Sara Swaney, Director of Advancement, 412 Food Rescue

Dive into the details.

Get a reliable measurement foundation with built-in automation, intuitive and flexible reporting, cross-platform attribution, and so much more.

See all features
Designed to work together.

Use Analytics with other Google solutions to get a complete understanding of your marketing efforts and enhance performance.

Google Ads
Search Ads 360
Display & Video 360
Google Cloud
Google Search Console
See all integrations
Lider increases conversion rate 18X with Google Analytics.

Lider used Analytics for a single measurement source of truth across its website and app to re-engage users and find new users most likely to purchase. The result was an 85% decrease in CPA and 18X conversion rate improvement.

Read more
Resources
CASE STUDY
McDonald’s Hong Kong uses Google Analytics 4 to increase in-app orders by 550%
Read more
FEATURE BRIEF
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
REPORT
The Future of Analytics
Read more
See all resources

Follow us

About Google Marketing Platform
Overview
For Small Businesses
For Enterprise
Learning & support
Support
Blog
Analytics Academy
Skillshop
Google Primer
Developers & partners
Google Marketing Platform Partners
Analytics for developers
Tag Manager for developers
Campaign Manager 360 for developers
Related products
Google Ads
Google AdSense
Google Ad Manager
Google Cloud
Firebase
More from Google
Think with Google
Business Solutions
Google Workspace
Privacy
Terms
About Google
Google Products
Manage cookies
 Help
Change language or region
简体中文
Deutsch
English (UK)
English (US)
Español
Français
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português (Brasil)