Las Vegas Hotels & Resorts | Station Casinos Casinos Stay Hotel Promotions Deluxe Rooms Suites Villas Penthouses Play Gaming Promotions Bingo Bingo Progressives Keno Race and Sports Slots Poker Table Games Electronic Table Games Video Poker Credit Applications See & Do New Year’s Eve 2026 Spas & Salons Bowling Concerts & Events Cyber Quest Kids Quest Movies Eat & Drink Dining Promotions Fine Dining Casual Dining Quick Eats Bars & Lounges Holiday Menus Meetings & Events Meetings Weddings Special Events More my|Rewards Boarding Pass Boarding Pass Official Rules Blog STN Mobile App STN Sports STN Play STN Charms Gift Cards Casinos Stay Hotel Promotions Deluxe Rooms Suites Villas Penthouses Play Gaming Promotions Bingo Bingo Progressives Keno Race and Sports Slots Poker Table Games Electronic Table Games Video Poker Credit Applications See & Do New Year’s Eve 2026 Spas & Salons Bowling Concerts & Events Cyber Quest Kids Quest Movies Eat & Drink Dining Promotions Fine Dining Casual Dining Quick Eats Bars & Lounges Holiday Menus Meetings & Events Meetings Weddings Special Events More my|Rewards Boarding Pass Boarding Pass Official Rules Blog STN Mobile App STN Sports STN Play STN Charms Gift Cards Book Welcome To Station Casinos New Years’ Eve 2026 Live entertainment, Dining, Gaming, & More. Join Us And Celebrate! Your Way at Station Casinos. Learn More Here to serve you and yours. Whether you’re nestled amongst the striking sandstone at Red Rock Resort, finding serenity in the Spa at Green Valley Ranch, or ordering another round at Palace Station—our options may be endless, but our goal is always the same: to exceed your expectations every chance we get. Stay With Us At Station Casinos, incomparable comfort is just a stay away Learn More Pull up a seat and play a while Roll the dice and double down at Station Casinos. Learn More Eateries for every craving. Restaurants that serve up something delectable for every taste. Learn More Spa & Salon Las Vegas Spas Like You’ve Never Before Experienced Learn More Meetings & Events at Station Casinos Station Casinos offers a stunning setting for every gathering. Learn More Become a Boarding Pass Card Holder and Enjoy the Benefits Sign up today for your Boarding Pass card by simply visiting any Station Casinos Rewards Center and you're on your way to earning points! Create An Account Casinos About Us Affiliates Careers Newsroom Investors Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Gift Cards Blog Responsible Gaming Property Map Sitemap Travel Advisors Request My Data Facebook Twitter Instagram Station Casinos | 1505 S. Pavilion Center Dr | Las Vegas, NV 89135 Copyright 2025 Station Casinos LLC. All Rights Reserved. STN Mobile APP Download Now! Download Cookie Policy To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage consent