Home | State Street We are sorry - we can’t find the page you are looking for. × The page you were looking for may no longer be available or may not be available in your country, language or to your investor type. Please use the website navigation or site search at the top of the page to find content similar to what you were looking for. Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Insights Solutions About Insights Solutions About Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Select a location Select a Country Select your role Select Role Global Privacy Notice Cookie Disclosure Millions of data points. One clear view. Introducing State Street Data Intelligence: a new solution that transforms proprietary data into actionable insights – empowering investors to act with confidence across investments, operations and distribution. Leveraging millions of daily data points, we deliver near real-time clarity on inflation, media sentiment and private capital performance to navigate today’s complex financial landscape with speed and precision. Learn more In focus Market Signals and Shifts: An end-of-year assessment Markets have weathered every stress test in 2025, with investors boosting equity allocations and reinforcing US market leadership. This confidence in US resilience faces uncertainties in 2026. Our outlook examines stretched equity exposures, shifting Treasury demand and the fading dollar narrative. Read more Our latest thinking The fallacy of concentration Concerned about index concentration? Our research shows that large-cap dominance doesn’t increase risk. Historical evidence reveals that avoiding concentration can actually reduce returns and offers no timing advantage. Learn more Institutional Investor Indicators: November 2025 The State Street Risk Appetite Index fell 0.09 in November as institutional investors reduced their equity allocation by one basis point. Learn more State Street PriceStats data: Still no peak? November’s unexpected rise in US inflation, captured by State Street PriceStats, breaks from typical seasonal patterns and offers early signals on where year-end economic trends may be headed. Learn more Data, AI and strategic partnerships: Defining success in asset management Trusted data, AI-driven automation and a partner ecosystem will help define future success in asset management. Learn more Compelling forces in the democratization of private markets The private markets landscape is transforming at an unprecedented pace, with retail-style funds surging from a niche concept to a dominant force far sooner than industry leaders once imagined. Learn more Global ETF megatrends: 2025 midyear review As we reach the midyear mark, our experts analyze how ETFs are tracking against the major trends identified in our annual outlook report. Learn more Unlock all insights Solutions for today’s markets Research and Insights Identify risks, formulate growth strategies and make better-informed investment decisions with our data-driven research, industry insights and strategic partnerships. Learn more Cash, Deposit and Finance Solutions Take control of your reporting, payments and overall daily cash position with our cash management solutions focused on flexibility, transparency and liquidity. Learn more Foreign Exchange Solutions Our client-first FX trading solutions help you tap into new sources of liquidity, supporting your trading goals across markets and jurisdictions. Learn more Investment servicing The right back-office servicing model can help you do a lot: unlock growth, gain efficiencies and seize new market opportunities. Learn more Find your best solution Inclusion and diversity Fostering impact within and beyond State Street Our 50,000+ employees come from all over the world with various backgrounds and life experiences. By inspiring, educating and empowering them at every level, we foster an inclusive and diverse team that reflects the clients, people and markets we serve. Learn more Twitter LinkedIn YouTube SPDR Blog © [[]] %%State Street Corporation%%. All rights reserved.