StatBroadcast Systems - Championship Solutions for Championship Athletics Skip to Content | High Contrast | System Status | Admin Login Menu Today's Events Live Stats Scoring Software Demos Support About Bowl Games Looking for stats feeds? Check out Today's Events DOMINATING LIVE STATS FOR COLLEGIATE ATHLETICS Our technology platform powers athletic programs, events and sports teams to broadcast live scores and stats on web and mobile devices -- and a whole lot more. EXPLORE PLATFORM LIVE DEMO GET STARTED 315+ Universities 40+ Conferences 33+ Championships 70M+ Page Views/Year Supports 13 Different Sports Basketball Football Baseball Softball Soccer Volleyball Lacrosse Field Hockey Ice Hockey Beach Volleyball Tennis Gymnastics Wrestling Demo the Stats What is StatBroadcast ® ? StatBroadcast ® is a technology platform used by athletic programs, events and sports teams to broadcast live scores and stats of athletic events on the web and mobile devices. Real-Time Action Present the action in real-time with live updates that keep fans, coaches, and media connected to every moment of the game. Multi-Platform Broadcasting Broadcast to websites, mobile devices, live scores, scoreboards, and more - reaching your audience wherever they are. Easy Integration Integrates easily with most major score keeping software, making setup and operation seamless for your staff. Instant Reports Generate infographics and full PDF stat reports on the fly - perfect for media relations and post-game analysis. Season Stats & Analytics Compile season stats and advanced analytics to track player and team performance throughout the year. Trusted by Champions Over 20 years serving college athletics, including the Power 4 Conferences, the College Football Playoff and National Championship Tournaments. Latest News Aug 28, 2025 StatBroadcast Partners with Oklahoma Christian Aug 25, 2025 StatBroadcast Partners with Black Hills State Aug 25, 2025 StatBroadcast Partners with Belhaven Aug 25, 2025 Ball State selects StatBroadcast News Archive  » Who's Using StatBroadcast ® Agnes Scott Southeastern Louisiana Vanguard New Orleans MEAC Mississippi State TSSAA McNeese NDSU CSU Pueblo Fiesta Bowl Park Gilbert Dayton Hofstra Southland MVC Football Mercer Illinois State Abilene Christian South Dakota Ready to Transform Your Athletic Program? Join the hundreds of schools, conferences and organizations in using StatBroadcast to deliver championship solutions for championship athletics. Contact Us to Get Started Error × OK Attention × OK Error Just now × Notice Just now × StatBroadcast® is a registered trademark and dba of Radiak Group LLC, an Arizona entity. Copyright © 2006-2025. Radiak Group LLC, Tempe AZ. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Site Map | Contact | System Status | Privacy Manager Cookie notice: We use cookies to enhance your user experience by storing preferences and settings for this website. No personal information is collected or shared with third parties. By continuing, you consent to use of cookies. Learn more I agree