Skip to Main Content
News & Resources About Contact 
Search
 
English
AI in Sport
 
Fan Engagement
 
Betting & Fantasy
 
Team Performance
 
Opta
THERE'S MAGIC IN THE DETAIL OF SPORT

Stats Perform is the world leader in sports AI. With 7.2 petabytes of proprietary sports data and 8 foundation sports AI models used in 200+ software modules, we empower the world’s top sports broadcasters, media, apps, leagues, federations, bookmakers and teams to win audiences, customers and trophies.

CONTACT US

TRUSTED BY SPORTS INDUSTRY LEADERS
The Best Build Magic With Stats Perform

The world’s leading teams, broadcasters, media, apps, bookmakers and brands come to us to transform sporting magic into sports content, analysis and insight which powers audience growth, increased revenues and on-field success.

Enrich your sports analysis and power captivating experiences that bring fans closer to sport with our globally-trusted, expertly-collected Opta data feeds and AI-powered predictions.

Drive on-pitch performance, recruitment and tactics, capture eyeballs and sponsors across every screen and make licensed betting more entertaining. Keep fans informed with the latest sports news video, articles, insights, metrics, live text commentary and interactive widgets. Tell new stories with analytics platforms and our incredible in-house researchers. Whatever magical sports experience you’d like to build, we can help.

Play The Best Build Magic With Stats Perform
The Best Build Magic With Stats Perform (01:13)
Opta. More Than a Fast Score

Opta is Stats Perform’s sports data and it’s more than a fast score, fixture or a game result. Our deep and broad sports data sets are collected with incredible accuracy in real-time; providing consistent, structured and detailed data that powers our proprietary AI models. It’s that level of depth and sophistication which allows our clients to go deeper, cover more sports, tell better stories more often, and do all of that when it matters most.

Opta represents the universal language of sport. A massive engine of real-time sports data which feeds the global sports platforms which sports fans go to and trust.

SEE HOW OPTA DATA POWERS SPORT

0 K+
MATCHES COVERED ANNUALLY
0 B+
UNIQUE EVENT DATA POINTS
0
GLOBAL COMPETITIONS COVERED
0 +
GLOBAL PARTNERSHIPS
Opta Forum 2025

The Opta Forum has taken place annually since 2014 and brings together leading figures from across the sports industry to discuss a wide range of subjects.

2025 was a landmark year as we held our first ever Forum on US soil. With the 2026 FIFA World Cup on the horizon, we explored how soccer’s momentum can serve as a launchpad – not just for the sport itself, but for how the entire U.S. sports ecosystem evolves its approach to fan engagement and storytelling.

You can watch every session on-demand by clicking the link below.

GET ACCESS TO THE SESSION RECORDINGS

Play Opta Forum 2025 Overview
Opta Forum 2025 Overview (03:45)
Introducing OptaAI Studio

OptaAI Studio uses AI to unlock the storytelling superpowers of our vast live Opta sports database, and puts it at your creators’ fingertips.

FIND OUT MORE

Are You Ready To Build Magic With Us?

Get in touch today to find out how we can work together to grow audiences, talk to them more, increase and open up revenue streams and achieve on-field success.

GET STARTED TODAY

Stats Perform's Use of Cookies
Stats Perform uses cookies to enhance your experience and to help us analyse and better understand how you use our website. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies. To set your own preferences click "Cookie Settings" and to learn more about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Notice . To learn more about how we use your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy.
Cookies Settings Reject all but Strictly Necessary Cookies Accept All Cookies