Statuo - Website Design & Digital Marketing Agency | Statuo Agency Services Projects Blog Get in touch Get in touch Branding Web Design Organic Paid Media Agency Services Projects Blog Hello I’m Adam // General Manager Drive quality traffic to your site Talk to me today Hello I’m Faye // Marketing Director Drive quality traffic to your site Talk to me today Phone 01204 89 6440 General Enquiries hello@statuo.co.uk Client Enquiries accounts@statuo.co.uk Get in touch Get in touch Creating great websites, excellent results & cool stuff. Our team of experts provide transparent marketing strategies, turning numbers on screens into physical results. Our work Our work We’ve done it again! We’re officially a 2024 Google Premier Partner, a tier reserved for only the Top 3% of agencies in the UK. Recent Work Helping clients overcome challenges with tailored solutions and driving success for businesses of all sizes. Tee Club Website Branding Tee Club // Dressing Room 5 Website Dressing Room 5 // Ryans Chartered Accountants Branding Website Print Organic Search Ryans Chartered Accountants // Physique Academy Website Physique Academy // Working with businesses large and small What we're all about Our mission is to provide real value to other honest, reputable companies like ourselves. Get in touch to find out how we can help you scale your business. Discover More Discover More Our Services Organic Search Enhance your online presence with comprehensive SEO strategies that improve visibility and drive organic traffic. Paid Media We create and manage strategic ad campaigns to attract targeted traffic and maximise ROI. Branding We build strong, memorable brand identities that resonate with your target audience and set you apart from the competition. Website Design We design visually stunning, intuitive websites that provide an exceptional user experience and drive engagement. Frequently asked questions Got more questions? Got more questions? We already work with an agency. Can we change to you? Absolutely! Transitioning to our agency is seamless. We’ll work closely with you to ensure a smooth handover, understanding your current strategies and goals to continue your progress without interruption. How long will it take to build a website? This would depend on your vision and the size of the project, smaller catalogue websites can take as little as 2-4 weeks. A simple landing page could take less than a week. For a more complex project this could take months, it all depends on the size of your new website. How long does it take to rank number 1 on google? The honest answer is: we don't know. Contrary to popular belief, we don’t work for Google. We simply know what is needed from a web page to generate enough trust signals to Google that your website is worth appearing in the SERPs. After that, it's just optimisation, testing and tweaking to keep your site moving in the right direction. How do I work out a budget for ads? You wouldn't need to. We would do all of this for you by factoring in your KPIs, the competitiveness of your industry, the average cost per click, the conversion rate of your site & how many leads/sales you could handle. Get the inside scoop Faye Collings Jul 31, 2025 Why ‘Channel-First’ Thinking Is Killing Creative Katie White Jul 21, 2025 Back to School TikTok Marketing Strategies Nicola Law May 15, 2025 The wrap on Config 2025 London Faye Collings May 13, 2025 Here’s the Free Website Audit We Use for Every Client Katie White Mar 28, 2025 Social Media Strategy: Why Duolingo Shouldn’t Be Your Blueprint Katie White Feb 28, 2025 TikTok Shop: Create Videos that Convert Before you go, check out these links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Privacy Policy Terms of Business Talk to us Talk to us Statuo Ltd © 2025 // Company Number: 09795710. Unit 1, Station House Farm, 673 Chorley Rd, Westhoughton, Bolton, BL5 3NF.