National Cybersecurity Alliance RESOURCES RESOURCES INITIATIVES INITIATIVES ABOUT US ABOUT US Back Subscribe Subscribe RESOURCES RESOURCES INITIATIVES INITIATIVES ABOUT US ABOUT US SCROLL Safe Online Holiday Shopping Download your free toolkit of resources to help you stay safe online this holiday season. Learn more Kubikle: Part 2 Brand new episodes of Kubikle out now. Watch Now Convene: Florida 2026 Join peers tackling human risk from every angle. Buy your Ticket Safe Online Holiday Shopping Download your free toolkit of resources to help you stay safe online this holiday season. Learn more SCROLL Safe Online Holiday Shopping Download your free toolkit of resources to help you stay safe online this holiday season. Learn more Kubikle: Part 2 Brand new episodes of Kubikle out now. Watch Now Convene: Florida 2026 Join peers tackling human risk from every angle. Buy your Ticket Safe Online Holiday Shopping Download your free toolkit of resources to help you stay safe online this holiday season. Learn more SCROLL Safe Online Holiday Shopping Download your free toolkit of resources to help you stay safe online this holiday season. Learn more Kubikle: Part 2 Brand new episodes of Kubikle out now. Watch Now Convene: Florida 2026 Join peers tackling human risk from every angle. Buy your Ticket Safe Online Holiday Shopping Download your free toolkit of resources to help you stay safe online this holiday season. Learn more Latest Resources Over 0 0 0 Articles and Resources Start Exploring Start Exploring Start Exploring Safety and Privacy College Students Videos Career Changers Toolkits Educators Career Stories For Businesses Kids and Teens Glossary Safety and Privacy College Students Videos Career Changers Toolkits Educators Career Stories For Businesses Kids and Teens Glossary Safety and Privacy College Students Videos Career Changers Toolkits Educators Career Stories For Businesses Kids and Teens Glossary Manage Your Privacy Settings Direct links to manage your privacy settings on popular platforms and apps. Read Manage Your Privacy Settings Direct links to manage your privacy settings on popular platforms and apps. Read Manage Your Privacy Settings Direct links to manage your privacy settings on popular platforms and apps. Read Online Safety Tips For Older Adults Being online today is now a daily routine for most of us, no matter your age. Read Online Safety Tips For Older Adults Being online today is now a daily routine for most of us, no matter your age. Read Online Safety Tips For Older Adults Being online today is now a daily routine for most of us, no matter your age. Read Safe Online Holiday Shopping Watch out for online shopping scams around the holiday season! Read Safe Online Holiday Shopping Watch out for online shopping scams around the holiday season! Read Safe Online Holiday Shopping Watch out for online shopping scams around the holiday season! Read 6 Cybersecurity Certifications Worth Exploring Cybersecurity certifications typically take time and cost serious money – use our guide to understand how to level up your security career smartly! Read 6 Cybersecurity Certifications Worth Exploring Cybersecurity certifications typically take time and cost serious money – use our guide to understand how to level up your security career smartly! Read 6 Cybersecurity Certifications Worth Exploring Cybersecurity certifications typically take time and cost serious money – use our guide to understand how to level up your security career smartly! Read What We Shared and Bragged about at Convene: Cleveland 2025 At the National Cybersecurity Alliance’s Convene: Cleveland this August, one of the liveliest sessions wasn’t a keynote or a panel; it was the “Share and Brag” session we regularly do at every Convene conference! Read What We Shared and Bragged about at Convene: Cleveland 2025 At the National Cybersecurity Alliance’s Convene: Cleveland this August, one of the liveliest sessions wasn’t a keynote or a panel; it was the “Share and Brag” session we regularly do at every Convene conference! Read What We Shared and Bragged about at Convene: Cleveland 2025 At the National Cybersecurity Alliance’s Convene: Cleveland this August, one of the liveliest sessions wasn’t a keynote or a panel; it was the “Share and Brag” session we regularly do at every Convene conference! Read Don't Miss Out! Data Privacy Week Sign up to be a Champion today and receive your free toolkit of resources as soon as it's available! Learn More Data Privacy Week Sign up to be a Champion today and receive your free toolkit of resources as soon as it's available! Learn More Data Privacy Week Sign up to be a Champion today and receive your free toolkit of resources as soon as it's available! Learn More Stay Safe Online We have been empowering a more secure, interconnected world since 2001. Learn more about us and our broad-reaching initiatives and people-first approach to technology. Learn More Learn More Learn More Upcoming Events We have opportunities throughout the year to learn about online safety basics, stay on top of industry trends and best practices, and connect with the cybersecurity community. Join in our mission in creating a more secure world by attending our in-person and virtual events. Mar 3, 2026 | AGO Convene: Florida 2026 At the Intersection of People and Security. March 3 - 4, 2026. Learn More Get your ticket Mar 3, 2026 | AGO Convene: Florida 2026 At the Intersection of People and Security. March 3 - 4, 2026. Learn More Get your ticket Mar 3, 2026 | AGO Convene: Florida 2026 At the Intersection of People and Security. March 3 - 4, 2026. Learn More Get your ticket Jan 26, 2026 | AGO Data Privacy Week 2026 Kick-off Part of our "Talking Data" series, in honor of Data Privacy Week 2026. Learn More Register Here Jan 26, 2026 | AGO Data Privacy Week 2026 Kick-off Part of our "Talking Data" series, in honor of Data Privacy Week 2026. Learn More Register Here Jan 26, 2026 | AGO Data Privacy Week 2026 Kick-off Part of our "Talking Data" series, in honor of Data Privacy Week 2026. Learn More Register Here Our Initiatives Our task is clear — to keep everyone safe online. Our programs are designed to reach and educate a variety of diverse audiences, from individuals and students, to business owners and industry professionals. Learn more about how you can join in! Global initiative empowering people and businesses to protect themselves from cybercrime. Learn More Global initiative empowering people and businesses to protect themselves from cybercrime. Learn More Global initiative empowering people and businesses to protect themselves from cybercrime. Learn More Our biannual conference exploring the intersection of people and technology. Learn More Our biannual conference exploring the intersection of people and technology. Learn More Our biannual conference exploring the intersection of people and technology. Learn More Dedicated to helping college students launch their careers in cybersecurity, privacy, and risk. Learn More Dedicated to helping college students launch their careers in cybersecurity, privacy, and risk. Learn More Dedicated to helping college students launch their careers in cybersecurity, privacy, and risk. Learn More Learn how to manage cybersecurity for your small business. Learn More Learn how to manage cybersecurity for your small business. Learn More Learn how to manage cybersecurity for your small business. Learn More A global effort to help individuals and businesses respect privacy, safeguard data, and build trust. Learn More A global effort to help individuals and businesses respect privacy, safeguard data, and build trust. Learn More A global effort to help individuals and businesses respect privacy, safeguard data, and build trust. Learn More A comedy webseries about cybercrime, from the bad guys’ point of view. Learn More A comedy webseries about cybercrime, from the bad guys’ point of view. Learn More A comedy webseries about cybercrime, from the bad guys’ point of view. Learn More An awareness campaign on AI-enabled scams & responsible AI use. Learn More An awareness campaign on AI-enabled scams & responsible AI use. Learn More An awareness campaign on AI-enabled scams & responsible AI use. Learn More Thank you for putting this information out there to educate the business and the public. — Web User Toolkits We value the work you put into the campaigns and appreciate your efforts to help keep our customers safe. — Champion Cybersecurity Awareness Month I had a good time and brought tons of knowledge back. I'm going to hit up the boss to go again. — Event Attendee Convene At entry-level training, content and time allocated could be in countless permutations. This is a high-quality and value product. — Course Attendee CyberSecure My Business The resources you provide are excellent. — Champion Data Privacy Week This scholarship represents more than financial support; it’s validation of my capabilities and affirmation that I’m on the right path in computer science and cybersecurity. — Scholarship Recipient See Yourself in Cyber Thank you for putting this information out there to educate the business and the public. — Web User Toolkits We value the work you put into the campaigns and appreciate your efforts to help keep our customers safe. — Champion Cybersecurity Awareness Month I had a good time and brought tons of knowledge back. I'm going to hit up the boss to go again. — Event Attendee Convene At entry-level training, content and time allocated could be in countless permutations. This is a high-quality and value product. — Course Attendee CyberSecure My Business The resources you provide are excellent. — Champion Data Privacy Week This scholarship represents more than financial support; it’s validation of my capabilities and affirmation that I’m on the right path in computer science and cybersecurity. — Scholarship Recipient See Yourself in Cyber Thank you for putting this information out there to educate the business and the public. — Web User Toolkits We value the work you put into the campaigns and appreciate your efforts to help keep our customers safe. — Champion Cybersecurity Awareness Month I had a good time and brought tons of knowledge back. I'm going to hit up the boss to go again. — Event Attendee Convene At entry-level training, content and time allocated could be in countless permutations. This is a high-quality and value product. — Course Attendee CyberSecure My Business The resources you provide are excellent. — Champion Data Privacy Week This scholarship represents more than financial support; it’s validation of my capabilities and affirmation that I’m on the right path in computer science and cybersecurity. — Scholarship Recipient See Yourself in Cyber Thank you for putting this information out there to educate the business and the public. — Web User Toolkits We value the work you put into the campaigns and appreciate your efforts to help keep our customers safe. — Champion Cybersecurity Awareness Month I had a good time and brought tons of knowledge back. I'm going to hit up the boss to go again. — Event Attendee Convene At entry-level training, content and time allocated could be in countless permutations. This is a high-quality and value product. — Course Attendee CyberSecure My Business The resources you provide are excellent. — Champion Data Privacy Week This scholarship represents more than financial support; it’s validation of my capabilities and affirmation that I’m on the right path in computer science and cybersecurity. — Scholarship Recipient See Yourself in Cyber What people are saying about us What people are saying about us What people are saying about us Leave us a Review Leave us a Review Leave us a Review Featured Press Featured Press Featured Press FEATURED IN MAJOR NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL MEDIA OUTLETS Get Involved "Alliance" is more than just a name. It’s a reminder that online safety and cybersecurity is a group effort. No matter your industry, job, or location, you have a part to play. Get involved and help us empower a more secure interconnected world. Donate Donate Donate Become a Sponsor Become a Sponsor Become a Sponsor FAQ What is the National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA) and what does it do? The National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA) is dedicated to creating a safer, interconnected digital world by empowering individuals, businesses, and organizations to protect their online presence. Through various initiatives , we provide free resources , training, and events to educate people on cybersecurity best practices, data privacy, and online safety. What is the National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA) and what does it do? The National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA) is dedicated to creating a safer, interconnected digital world by empowering individuals, businesses, and organizations to protect their online presence. Through various initiatives , we provide free resources , training, and events to educate people on cybersecurity best practices, data privacy, and online safety. What is the National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA) and what does it do? The National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA) is dedicated to creating a safer, interconnected digital world by empowering individuals, businesses, and organizations to protect their online presence. Through various initiatives , we provide free resources , training, and events to educate people on cybersecurity best practices, data privacy, and online safety. How can I request a speaker for my organization? To request a speaker, simply visit our Request a Speaker page . We offer both virtual and in-person presentations tailored to various audiences, covering topics like cyber basics, social media safety, data privacy, and more. You can choose from one of our preset talks or request a customized presentation. How can I request a speaker for my organization? To request a speaker, simply visit our Request a Speaker page . We offer both virtual and in-person presentations tailored to various audiences, covering topics like cyber basics, social media safety, data privacy, and more. You can choose from one of our preset talks or request a customized presentation. How can I request a speaker for my organization? To request a speaker, simply visit our Request a Speaker page . We offer both virtual and in-person presentations tailored to various audiences, covering topics like cyber basics, social media safety, data privacy, and more. You can choose from one of our preset talks or request a customized presentation. What is Cybersecurity Awareness Month and how can I get involved with NCA? Cybersecurity Awareness Month , held every October and co-led by NCA and CISA , is a global initiative to educate individuals and organizations on protecting their digital lives. You can get involved by registering as a Champion , accessing and sharing our free resources , participating in events , or requesting a speaker for your organization. What is Cybersecurity Awareness Month and how can I get involved with NCA? Cybersecurity Awareness Month , held every October and co-led by NCA and CISA , is a global initiative to educate individuals and organizations on protecting their digital lives. You can get involved by registering as a Champion , accessing and sharing our free resources , participating in events , or requesting a speaker for your organization. What is Cybersecurity Awareness Month and how can I get involved with NCA? Cybersecurity Awareness Month , held every October and co-led by NCA and CISA , is a global initiative to educate individuals and organizations on protecting their digital lives. You can get involved by registering as a Champion , accessing and sharing our free resources , participating in events , or requesting a speaker for your organization. What resources does NCA provide for individuals and businesses? We offer hundreds of free resources , including articles, videos, infographics, and toolkits on topics like cybercrime, data privacy, and small business security. These materials can be used to raise awareness and improve cybersecurity practices at home, work, or within the community. What resources does NCA provide for individuals and businesses? We offer hundreds of free resources , including articles, videos, infographics, and toolkits on topics like cybercrime, data privacy, and small business security. These materials can be used to raise awareness and improve cybersecurity practices at home, work, or within the community. What resources does NCA provide for individuals and businesses? We offer hundreds of free resources , including articles, videos, infographics, and toolkits on topics like cybercrime, data privacy, and small business security. These materials can be used to raise awareness and improve cybersecurity practices at home, work, or within the community. Select Language English English Subscribe to our newsletter Sign Up NCA Store Resources Online Safety and Privacy Careers and Education Cybersecurity for Business Cyber Dictionary Toolkits All Articles and Resources All Press Stories and Awards Initiatives AI Fools Data Privacy Week Convene CyberSecure My Business Cybersecurity Awareness Month See Yourself in Cyber All Events About Us Donate Collaborate Request a Speaker Sponsor The NCA Contact Us Special Campaigns Cyber Survival Guide Kubikle Phisher Safe Word Then & Now Mailing Address: 717 Coliseum Drive NW, Winston-Salem, NC 27106 © 2025 Copyright. Stay Safe Online, NCA. All Rights Reserved. Cy Pres | Privacy Policy | Code of Conduct | Brand Assets Cookie Settings Select Language English English Subscribe to our newsletter Sign Up NCA Store Resources Online Safety and Privacy Careers and Education Cybersecurity for Business Cyber Dictionary Toolkits All Articles and Resources All Press Stories and Awards Initiatives AI Fools Data Privacy Week Convene CyberSecure My Business Cybersecurity Awareness Month See Yourself in Cyber All Events About Us Donate Collaborate Request a Speaker Sponsor The NCA Contact Us Special Campaigns Cyber Survival Guide Kubikle Phisher Safe Word Then & Now Mailing Address: 717 Coliseum Drive NW, Winston-Salem, NC 27106 © 2025 Copyright. Stay Safe Online, NCA. All Rights Reserved. Cy Pres | Privacy Policy | Code of Conduct | Brand Assets Cookie Settings Select Language English English Subscribe to our newsletter Sign Up NCA Store Resources Online Safety and Privacy Careers and Education Cybersecurity for Business Cyber Dictionary Toolkits All Articles and Resources All Press Stories and Awards Initiatives AI Fools Data Privacy Week Convene CyberSecure My Business Cybersecurity Awareness Month See Yourself in Cyber All Events About Us Donate Collaborate Request a Speaker Sponsor The NCA Contact Us Special Campaigns Cyber Survival Guide Kubikle Phisher Safe Word Then & Now Mailing Address: 717 Coliseum Drive NW, Winston-Salem, NC 27106 © 2025 Copyright. Stay Safe Online, NCA. All Rights Reserved. Cy Pres | Privacy Policy | Code of Conduct | Brand Assets Cookie Settings