St. Cloud State University Become a Husky Today Enroll Now! Apply Now Visit Campus Your community is calling 15% Housing Rate Reduction for 2023-2024 Learn More and Sign up Today > Cheer on the Huskies HUSKIES HEADQUARTERS: Saturday, March 25, 2:30pm Bulldog Tap 4265 45th Street South, Unit 165, Fargo, MN Join us in Fargo > It's Time Redefining St. Cloud State University. Learn more > Vibrant Campus Life Apply Now Request Information Academic Programs Experience St. Cloud State Vibrant Campus Life 97% Huskies employed in their fields within one year of graduation. In-demand programs to launch your career. 2K+ Internship opportunities nationwide. 135K Alumni here and around the world to build your network. find out more FOCUSED ON YOUR FUTURE At St. Cloud State University, we are a community of bold thinkers, learning together at our campus locations in St. Cloud, Plymouth, Alnwick Castle, and in the online environment. Huskies innovate alongside expert faculty, in professional settings, or in the service of others. We are a welcoming community who values the differences all of us bring to our learning experiences and our Husky Life. Whether an undergraduate, transfer, or graduate student, a returning adult learner, from the region or around the globe, Our Husky Experience builds toward your future. find out more UNIVERSITY AWARDS AND HIGHLIGHTS Carnegie Foundation Carnegie Foundation College of Disctinction 2021-2022 Carnegie Foundation BE BOLD. BE YOU. BE A HUSKY. Huskies take bold steps to explore novel ideas, discover the unknown, and invent the unexpected. Our Husky Compact Our mutual commitment to your educational and personal growth that prepares every student for life, work and citizenship in the 21st century. Learn About Our Husky Compact > Student Success Advisors With your first steps on campus through graduation, your individual Student Success Advisors will help you navigate any challenges you may face as a Husky. Learn About our Student Success Advisors > Huskies Advance Get paired with a mentor to design a personalized plan that connects your academic major with your passions through curricular, co-curricular, and real-world experiences. Learn About Huskies Advance > MEET OUR FACULTY St. Cloud State University faculty are top-notch educators and renowned researchers in their fields. They invite students into the research process to create new knowledge, make discoveries, and solve problems. LEARN ABOUT OUR FACULTY > Our Husky Experience offers a quality education with a portfolio of programs in high-demand careers. Graduating Huskies are competitive in the job market through a variety of experiences in field research, clinical or internship placements, and the support of a network of industry experts and alumni. WHAT KIND OF HUSKY WILL YOU BE? Admissions What kind of Husky will you be? First-Year Transfer Graduate International Military/Veteran Online/Distance Returning Apply Now! Business Creative Arts Education Engineering and Applied Science Health and Wellness Public Service Science and Mathematics Social Sciences and Humanities Build toward your future. Now is your time to explore new interests, pursue your dreams, and advance your career. Take the next bold step and learn more about our programs. Meet our world-class faculty — the game changers that will help you develop the knowledge, skills, and networks you need to make your next move. view our programs view our programs Featured News Dr. Gregory Tomso named president of SCSU The Board of Trustees of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities has named Dr. Gregory Tomso as the next president of St. Cloud State University. He will begin his appointment as SCSU's 26th president on Jan. 5, 2026. Huskies Food Pantry plays essential role on campus St. Cloud State ranked a best value college SCSU engineering program receives $18k for student scholarships SCSU professor earns prestigious literary honor SCSU remains second largest university in Minnesota State view all news > Featured Events 01/09 Women's Hockey vs Ohio State 01/16 Men's Hockey vs Minnesota Duluth 01/28 Sidestreet Involvement Fair 2026 02/04 MBA Information Session 02/06 Power of Human Collaboration Leadership Conference View all events > Daily Campus Visits Featured Visits Virtual Tour