Stellar | Conversion Rate Optimization | IT-Consulting Company Stellar About Personalization BI & Reporting Product development Career Partners Blog Stellar About Personalization BI & Reporting Product development Career Partners Blog eng es Technology Consulting Labs Get scalable personalization to guide your business towards the future Specialization c u s t o m e r s Capabilities Personalization & Optimization We help you tailor personalized experiences based on any data you own — across web, apps, and email.
                                    We also transform data with the aim of increasing conversion. Product Design & Development We take you through every step of product development, from customer journey mapping to marketing strategy. Big Data Analysis & Management We use the latest AI, Data Science and Computer Vision technology to best serve your business’ needs, optimize your costs and create new revenue streams. Technology Consulting Don’t know how to introduce technology to fulfil your business’ needs? We help you to quickly convert your marketing investments into customers who bring you profit. What We Actually Do For Business BIG DATA ANALYSIS: Analyzing big data allows our analysts to make better and faster decisions using data that was previously inaccessible. We analyze a huge amount of data, giving you the power and control over predictive algorithms so you can optimize your conversion to sales. Segmentation: By analyzing consumer behavior, digital interaction, context of interaction, and third party data, we create effective marketing campaigns that target and engage the customers who will most increase the value of your business. Personalization: We adapt website content in real time, showing any given visitor the special offers, products, widgets etc. that are most relevant to their tastes, based on their online consumer behavior and history. PRODUCT DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT: We create IT products and digital solutions specifically for your business needs. We take you through every step of product development: Problem Research, Ideation & Design, Solution Validation, Product Development, Sales & Marketing Strategy, Ongoing Support. A/B-TESTING & OPTIMIZATION: By making the most of content, product and content recommendations, notifications, overlays, site menu and more - across all platforms - we design, monitor and manage A/B/n, multivariate, split URL, and other statistical tests. Technology Consulting: With cutting-edge technology, long-term vision and our huge capacity to adapt to your needs, we help your business to realize its potential. Technology Partners We Are Hiring We welcome highly motivated people to join our stellar team Explore Get In Touch Poland, Warsaw Krucza 50 Tallinn, Estonia Vesivärava tn 50-201 Tel Aviv, Israel Bat Shu'a, 4 For more information about our services, partnership and open jobs, please contact with us. We will reply ASAP. hello@stellarlabs.ai About Personalization BI & Reporting Product development Career Partners Blog © Stellar Labs Oü. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy