Stellarium Astronomy Software Other languages: Afrikaans (af) ‫العربية‬' (ar) Azərbaycan dili (az) Беларуская (be) български (bg) বাংলা (bn) Bosanski (bs) Català (ca) Català (Valencià) (ca@valencia) česky (cs) Deutsch (de) Ελληνικά (el) English (en) English (Canada) (en_CA) English (United Kingdom) (en_GB) English (India) (en_IN) Esperanto' (eo) Español (es) Eesti keel (et) Euskara (eu) فارسی (fa) Suomen (fi) Français (fr) Frysk (fy) Gàidhlig (gd) Galego (gl) Hrvatski (hr) Hunns-rikk (hrx) Magyar nyelv (hu) Bahasa Indonesia (id) íslenska (is) Italiano (it) 日本語 (ja) ქართული ენა (ka) 한국어/조선말 (ko) Кыргызча (ky) Latin (la) Lëtzebuergesch (lb) Latviešu valoda (lv) lietuvių kalba (lt) Bahasa Melayu (ms) Norsk bokmål (nb) Nederlands (nl) Polski (pl) Português (pt) Português (Brazil) (pt_BR) Română (ro) Pусский (ru) Sardu (sc) ⵜⴰⵛⵍⵃⵉⵜ (shi) Slovenčina (sk) Gjuha shqipe (sq) Српски (sr) Svenska (sv) తెలుగు (te) ภาษาไทย (th) Tagalog (tl) Türkçe (tr) Татарча (tt) Yкраїнська (uk) Uyƣurqə (ug) Tiếng Việt (vi) 简体中文 (中国) (zh_CN) 繁體中文 (香港) (zh_HK) 正體中文 (臺灣) (zh_TW) latest version is 25.4 Linux source Linux snap Linux amd64; Qt5; AppImage macOS 11.0+; Qt6; universal Windows x86_64; Qt5; Windows 7+ Windows x86_64; Qt6; Windows 10+ Windows ARM64; Qt6; Windows 10+ Stellarium Web Stellarium is a free open source planetarium for your computer. It shows a realistic sky in 3D, just like what you see with the naked eye, binoculars or a telescope. A shooting star flashes past the Jupiter. You can select different intensities in the View window. view screenshots » The great nebula in Orion. Press N to bring up the nebula labels. view screenshots » The dance of the planets above ESO headquarters, near Munich. view screenshots » Full sky view of the constellations, their boundaries, the Milky Way. view screenshots » Constellation art turned on. view screenshots » ', Click on the picture to the left for details. features sky default catalogue of over 600,000 stars extra catalogues with more than 220 million stars default catalogue of over 80,000 deep-sky objects extra catalogue with more than 1 million deep-sky objects asterisms and illustrations of the constellations constellations for 40+ different cultures calendars of 35+ different cultures images of nebulae (full Messier catalogue) realistic Milky Way very realistic atmosphere, sunrise and sunset full 6D astrometry for bright stars modelling movement for various of binary stars the planets and their satellites all-sky surveys (DSS, HiPS) interface a powerful zoom time control multilingual interface scripting interface fisheye projection for planetarium domes spheric mirror projection for your own low-cost dome graphical interface and extensive keyboard control HTTP interface (web-based control, remote control API) telescope control visualisation several coordinate grids precession circles star twinkling shooting stars tails of comets eclipse simulation supernovae and novae simulation exoplanet locations ocular view simulation 3D sceneries skinnable landscapes with spheric panorama projection customizability plugin system adding artifical satellites, ocular simulation, telescope control and more ability to add new solar system objects from online resources... add your own deep sky objects, landscapes, constellation images, scripts... presentations Susanne M. Hoffmann gave a public lecture "Painting Babylonian - Constellations of Ancient Mesopotamia" (YouTube) for the HK Space Museum on November 22th, 2024 A. Wolf gave a common review of Stellarium's features (RuTube) for the Open distance methodological seminar for teachers of astronomy and astropedagogues on November 20th, 2024 G. Zotti gave a presentation about Virtual Archaeoastronomy with Stellarium (YouTube) for the Society for Cultural Astronomy in the American Southwest (SCAAS) on February 25th, 2023 A. Wolf gave a presentation about Stellarium 1.0 (YouTube) at the Siberian Astronomical Forum SibAstro 2022 on September 25th, 2022 A. Wolf gave a presentation about Stellarium — key changes in the last 5 years (YouTube) at the Siberian Astronomical Forum SibAstro 2021 on September 25th, 2021 G. Zotti gave a presentation about Stellarium (YouTube) for the China-VO (Virtual Observatory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences) on February 1st, 2021 G. Zotti gave an invited talk (YouTube) at the IAU Symposium 367 on December 9th, 2020 G. Zotti gave a talk about creating 3D sceneries (YouTube) at the TAG2016 Skyscapes session on December 20th, 2016 news Stellarium v25.4 Stellarium 25.3 Stellarium 25.2 Stellarium 25.1 Stellarium 24.4 Stellarium 24.3 Stellarium 24.2 Stellarium 24.1 Stellarium 23.4 Stellarium 23.3 system requirements minimal 64-bit operating system Linux/Unix; Windows 7 and above; macOS 10.13 and above 3D graphics card which supports OpenGL 2.1 and GLSL 1.3 or OpenGL ES 2.0 512 MiB RAM 600 MiB on disk Keyboard Mouse, Touchpad or similar pointing device recommended 64-bit operating system Linux/Unix; Windows 10 and above; macOS 11.0 and above 3D graphics card which supports OpenGL 3.3 and above 1 GiB RAM or more 1.5 GiB on disk Keyboard Mouse, Touchpad or similar pointing device Moderately dark environment (deep shadow or indoors) developers Project coordinator: Fabien Chéreau Graphic designer: Martín Bernardi Developers: Alexander V. Wolf , Georg Zotti , Guillaume Chéreau , Ruslan Kabatsayev, Worachate Boonplod, Henry Leung Sky cultures researcher: Susanne M. Hoffmann Collaborators: Jocelyn Girod and everyone else in the community . financial support Many individuals and organizations are supporting the development of Stellarium by donations, and the most generous financial contributors (with donations of $250 or more) are 
      BairesDev, Daniel, Laurence Holt, Astronomie-Werkstatt "Sterne ohne Grenzen", Bryan, Dotcom-Monitor, John Bellora, Marla Pinaire, Jeff Moe (Spacecruft), SSSTwitter, 
      Peter Reigber, Incognito, Michel Payette, Vernon Hermsen, Triplebyte, 
      Satish Mallesh, Vlad Magdalin, Philippe Renoux, Fito Martin. silver sponsors collaborate You can learn more about Stellarium, get support and help the project from these links: discussions mailing list wiki FAQ scripts landscapes 3D sceneries sky cultures developers documentation scripting translations get support, report bugs, request new features all releases user guide ( PDF ) weekly snapshots ppa for ubuntu linux archive acknowledgment If the Stellarium planetarium was helpful for your research work, please cite the following paper in your acknowledgment: This research has made use of the Stellarium planetarium Zotti, G., Hoffmann, S. M., Wolf, A., Chéreau, F., & Chéreau, G. (2021). The Simulated Sky: Stellarium for Cultural Astronomy Research. Journal of Skyscape Archaeology, 6(2), 221–258. DOI: 10.1558/jsa.17822 Or you may download the BibTeX file of the paper to create another citation format. Please note that the software has several releases since these fundamentals were published: Stellarium contributors (2025). Stellarium v25.4 Astronomy Software. URL https://stellarium.org/. DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.18085975 Zotti, G., Wolf, A. (2022). Stellarium: Finally at Version 1.0! And Beyond. Journal of Skyscape Archaeology, 8(2), 332–334. DOI: 10.1558/jsa.25608 git The latest development snapshot of Stellarium is kept on github. If you want to compile development versions of Stellarium, this is the place to get the source code. browse GitHub books Documentation and description of the sky cultures, state March 2022, plus a lot of additional research: Hoffmann, S. and Wolfschmidt, G. (2022, eds.). Astronomy in Culture - Cultures of Astronomy , Featuring the Proceedings of a splinter meeting in the German Astronomical Society. tredition, Ahrensburg. supporters and friends Stellarium is produced by the efforts of the developer team, with the help and support of the following people and organisations . langlinks