Stellar | Blockchain Network for DeFi, Payments & Asset Tokenization Dev Docs Menu Where blockchain meets the real world Where blockchain meets global payments tokenization DeFi the real world Stellar powers borderless payments, asset tokenization, and DeFi solutions for builders, institutions, and innovators worldwide. For devs & builders Ship faster with comprehensive tools and documentation for building apps. Discover the developer resources in the ecosystem to gain a fundamental understanding of the stack, get support from the community, and explore programs to accelerate onboarding. Start building For financial institutions Join leading institutions building the future of finance on Stellar. Launch payment and investment solutions that scale globally, with enterprise-grade security and compliance tools. Explore infrastructure solutions For fintechs & wallets Build and launch modern financial products on Stellar — enable fast and low-cost payments, connect users to global assets, and expand your offerings with DeFi. Explore payment solutions The Latest Onchain updates Discover the latest launches, ecosystem milestones, and developer updates, all happening on Stellar right now. December 24, 2025 • Bri Wylde Composability on Stellar: From Concept to Reality December 19, 2025 • Claire Grant Tokenizing Real Estate with RedSwan December 16, 2025 • Gabriella Pellagatti Crypto’s next breakthrough isn’t a coin - it’s settlement December 12, 2025 • Claire Grant Can Privacy and Openness Coexist? December 12, 2025 • Denelle Dixon An Updated Mandate for a Growing Stellar Ecosystem December 11, 2025 • Yan Michalevsky Prototyping Privacy Pools on Stellar Network Powered by performance Stellar is a decentralized, public blockchain that gives anyone the tools to create experiences that are more like cash than crypto. The network is faster, cheaper, and far more energy-efficient than most blockchain-based systems. Global Reach 90 + Countries with cash-to-crypto ramps supported TVL $ 142 M and counting Settlement time 9.5 Seconds * in the last 30 days $ 0.0007667 Average cost of a Stellar transaction Explore more See Stellar in action Real use cases, live today From global remittances to tokenizing treasuries, see how organizations use Stellar to deliver real-world financial services. Stellar for payments Scale your payments globally and expand to new markets with 24/7 settlement on the Stellar network. View Stellar for asset tokenization Tokenize real-world value on the network built for asset issuance. View Where defi meets the real world Build the future of financial access on an unmatched network of real-world utility and scalable decentralized finance. View Grow Grants & funding Developer grants Apply Enterprise fund Learn More Explore the ecosystem Explore The Newsletters The email you actually want to read Hear it from us first. Sign up to get the real-time scoop on Stellar ecosystem news, functionalities, and resources. Stellar Newsletter The newsletter with something for everyone. Get regular updates on Stellar network announcements, events, partnerships, and more. Developer Newsletter The newsletter made by devs, for devs. Learn about new technical updates and resources available for building on the Stellar network. Your email address By providing the contact information required in this form, you agree to be contacted by the Stellar Development Foundation (SDF) in order for us to inform you about our products and services. For more information on our privacy practices or how to unsubscribe, please refer to our Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply ABOUT US Stellar Development Foundation Team Careers Roadmap Brand Resource Hub Press and Reports Blog PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Use Cases Case Studies Products and Tools THE STELLAR NETWORK Anchor Directory Ecosystem Projects Learn DEVELOPERS Stellar Network Docs API Reference Dev Hub Bug Bounty CONNECT Community Code of Conduct FAQ Follow us: Brand Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings © 2025 SDF English Español