We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. You have given your consent for us to set cookies.

That's ok
Withdraw consent

We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set analytics cookies that help us make improvements by measuring how you use the site. These will be set only if you accept. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our Cookies page.

No, thanks
Accept cookies
Skip to content
Primary
Secondary
Post-16
Business
STEM Ambassadors
Donate
Our vision is to improve lives through STEM education
We are dedicated to empowering young people with the skills and knowledge to thrive through effective teaching and learning.
About STEM Learning
Upcoming teacher conferences
STEM Digital conference: Tech and AI to tackle teacher workload

Learn how to use technology and AI to tackle teacher workload! London is now sold out but you can join us again in York next summer!

Book your place
I Belong in Computing Conference

Hosted by the National Centre for Computing Education, join us for FREE on 11 March 2026 to focus on advancing digital skills, equality, and inclusion in computing education.

Book your place
What's new
STEM Community: Autumn term weekly bulletin

Curated resources, opportunities and professional learning in the STEM Community to support your teaching this Autumn, check out our brand-new weekly bulletin.

Find out more
Research Placements & Experiences applications now open for 2026!

If you’re a student eager to explore Research and Innovation or an organisation interested in hosting a placement, now’s the time to get involved!

Find out more
Sign up for Mission X

Register on Mission X and participate in astronaut-inspired activities to earn steps to help Luna and Leo walk 384,400 km the distance from Earth to the Moon.

Register
Subject Knowledge for Physics Teaching

Subject Knowledge for Physics Teaching (SKPT) courses, delivered by The Ogden Trust, are free blended learning CPD for key stage 3 and key stage 4 teachers without a physics specialism.

Find out more
Explorify

Explorify is now on the STEM Learning website! Get your pupils thinking like scientists! It is already used in over 70% of UK primary schools, so enhance YOUR science teaching today with low-prep activities.

Explore
Space Competitions and Challenges

Sign up to take part in our space-themed competitions and challenges designed for all age groups.

Find out more
News and blogs
More news
Inspire the young and curious: Family Space Day 2025

Read more about our family space day at the National STEM learning Center

Responding to the NI Curriculum Review: Building Strong Foundations in STEM
Inclusion in the science classroom
STEM Community

Join the STEM Community – Connect, Collaborate, and Inspire
The STEM Community is a free, vibrant online space where thousands of teachers, technicians, and education professionals come together to share ideas, ask questions, and access exclusive opportunities.

It’s free to join and it uses the same login details as your STEM Learning website account if you already have one.

Join the STEM Community
Venue hire

The National STEM Learning Centre is available to hire year-round! Offering many large and flexible spaces with state-of-the-art facilities to support any event type.

As a non-profit organisation, we invest heavily into our continued commitment to STEM excellence for teachers, young people and beyond. So choose us for your next event and get in touch to discuss your event, our prices, or to arrange a visit to explore the potential of the National STEM Learning Centre .

Take a look

About STEM Learning

About usImpactWork for usOur supportersAdvertising and sponsorship

How can we help?

Contact usFind usNews and blogsVenue hire
SupportAccessibilityCookiesPrivacy policySafeguardingTerms and conditionsStatement on Modern Slavery
© STEM Learning Ltd. is a not-for-profit company (05081097)National STEM Learning Centre, University of York, York YO10 5DD01904 948711