Stephen King | The Official Website Works Upcoming The Author News FAQ The Dark Tower search Works Upcoming The Author News FAQ The Dark Tower search Works Upcoming The Author News FAQ The Dark Tower search New Releases Children's Books Movies TV All The Institute Release Date: July 13th, 2025 When teen genius Luke Ellis is kidnapped, he awakens at The Institute, a facility full of children who all got there the same way he did, and who are all possessed of unusual abilities. In a nearby town, haunted former police officer Tim Jamieson has come looking to start a new life, but the peace and quiet won't last, as his story and Luke's are destined to collide. The series premieres of MGM on July 13th, 2025. Watch the Trailer More Info Hansel and Gretel Release Date: September 2nd, 2025 The haunting tale of two brave children lost in a dark and dangerous forest, reimagined by literary legends Stephen King and Maurice Sendak in an all-new picture book. Let Stephen King, global bestselling and award-winning author, and Maurice Sendak, beloved creator of the Caldecott Medal–winning Where the Wild Things Are , guide you into the most deliciously daring rendition of the classic Grimm fairy tale yet. But will you find your way back out? With a personal introduction from Stephen King, the beautiful book has been created in close collaboration with the Maurice Sendak Foundation. This stunning storybook makes the perfect gift for fans of King, Sendak, and the Brothers Grimm. Hansel and Gretel will be available in most English-language markets of September 2nd, 2025. Order Your Copy Now! More Info The Running Man Release Date: November 14th, 2025 Get ready to run! Edgar Wright's (Shaun of the Dead, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World) fresh take on Stephen King's pulse-pounding 1982 novel, The Running Man is headed to theaters on November 14th, 2025! Glen Powell stars as the desperate Ben Richards, forced to fight for his life in a brutal reality show where hunters track him down for a chance at life-saving money for his gravely ill daughter. Expect a wildly different ride from the '87 film! The incredible cast also includes Katy O’Brian, Daniel Ezra, Karl Glusman, Josh Brolin, Lee Pace, Jayme Lawson, Michael Cera, Emilia Jones, William H. Macy, David Zayas, Sean Hayes, and Colman Domingo. Watch the Trailer More Info Coming Soon All There are no works coming out in the immediate future. Please check back later. Latest News More News Banned Books Giveaway! Posted: November 24th, 2025 11:38:45 am EST Did you know PEN America discovered Stephen King was the most banned author of the 2024-2025 school year? As an effort to make more banned books accessible, Penguin Random House is partnering with the brilliant people at PEN America and Out of Print to offer 5 lucky winners a chance to win this banned books bundle! The prizes: Vintage Stephen King titles: Carrie , 'Salem’s Lot , The Shining , The Stand and Night Shift Out of Print Merchandise: a Carrie T-Shirt with the latest Vintage cover design, a banned books tote bag to carry all your new books, and an enamel pin to pin in censorship! Enter to win and and click tto discover more research from PEN America here! Rules: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. US Residents, 18 . Ends 12/5/25. See full rules for details. Read More HANSEL AND GRETEL Posted: February 13th, 2025 8:45:50 am EST Hansel and Gretel is a must-have reimagining of the Brothers Grimm fairytale, retold by worldwide bestselling author Stephen King, with artwork by Caldecott Medal–winning creator of Where the Wild Things Are , Maurice Sendak. Sendak’s illustrations were originally created as set and costume designs for the Humperdinck opera of Hansel and Gretel in 1997. This new edition of Hansel and Gretel will be published in the US by HarperCollins Children’s Books and in the United Kingdom by Hodder Children’s Books, part of Hachette Children’s Group, on September 2, 2025 . Hansel and Gretel brings together two creative legends, each unparalleled in their genius and influence shaping the literary landscape for kids and adults alike for more than sixty years. In this book, Stephen King brings his signature voice to the classic fairytale of two brave children lost in an eerie and dangerous forest. Sendak’s hauntingly beautiful illustrations on every page draw readers into the deliciously daring world of Hansel and Gretel . With a personal introduction from Stephen King, this beautiful book has been created in close collaboration with The Maurice Sendak Foundation. This stunning storybook makes the perfect gift for fans of King, Sendak, and Grimm fairytales. Read the Press Release (PDF) Pre-Order the Book Read More Get all the latest Stephen King news and info sent to your inbox. Newsletter Signup Your Name Email Country Select One... United States -------- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegowina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia (Hrvatska) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran (Islamic Republic of) Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint LUCIA Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Marketing permission: I consent to be in contact via email using the information I have provided in this form for the purpose of news, updates, and marketing. HP Sign Up Thank you. A confirmation email has been sent to you. Privacy Policy The Author News FAQs Contact Newsletter Miscellaneous The Dark Tower All Works Upcoming New Releases Dollar Babies © Copyright © 2000 - 2025  Stephen King - All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy © Copyright © 2000 - 2020  Stephen King - All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy