Home Page | Stereophile.com Skip to main content SUBSCRIBE User Menu Log in Reviews Loudspeakers Floorstanding Stand/Bookshelf Subwoofers Amplification Tube Preamp Tube Power Amps Solid Preamp Solid Power Amps Integrated Amps Phono Preamps Digital Sources CD Hi-Rez Disc Digital Processors Computer Audio Media Servers Analog Sources Turntables Tonearms Phono Cartridges FM Tuners Featured Budget Components Audacious Audio J. Gordon Holt Innerfidelity Accessories Cables Phono Accessories Powerline Room Treatment Stands/Racks Headphones Miscellaneous Music Recording of the Month Records To Die For Album Reviews Music/Recording Features Recommended Equipment Recommended Components Products of the Year Music Recording of the Month Records To Die For More Audiophile Essentials EISA Awards Columns Columns Analog Corner As We See It Gramophone Dreams My Back Pages Re Tales Revinylization Retired Columns & Blogs Art Dudley Listening Music in the Round The Fifth Element Audio Streams The Entry Level Face Music Fine Tunes Jana Dagdagan Jason Victor Serinus Robert Baird Fred Kaplan Stephen Mejias Ariel Bitran Wes Phillips Shows AXPONA AXPONA 2025 AXPONA 2024 AXPONA 2023 HIGH END Munich 2025 Munich 2024 CAPITAL Capital Audiofest 2025 Capital AudioFest 2024 More CanJam NYC 2023 Florida Audio Expo 2025 Montreal 2025 Montreal 2024 PAF 2023 Southwest Audio Fest 2024 T.H.E. Show SoCal 2025 News Subscribe Print Magazine Digital Magazine Renew Subscriber Services eNewsletter Sign-up Resources Sweepstakes Audiophile Societies eNewsletter Sign-up Contact Us About Us The UK Hi-Fi Show Live Customer Service Media Kits Privacy Terms of Use Advertisement Search Audio Skies Michael Vamos - YG Acoustics, JMF Audio, Ideon at Capital Audiofest 2025 The Listening Room and Fidelity Imports - Diptyque DP-160 Mk.2 at Capital Audiofest 2025 Fidelity Imports Audia Flight and Perlisten System Fidelity Imports Wilson Benesch and Audia Flight System at Capital Audiofest 2025 J  Sikora Aspire, Innuos Stream 3, Aurender N50, Gryphon Antileon Revelation, Command Performance AV Bella Sound Kalalau Preamplifier: Interview with Mike Vice BorderPatrol Zola DAC – Gary Dews at Capital Audiofest 2025 Audio Note UK TT3 Reference Turntable Debut at Capital Audiofest 2025 Kevin Hayes of VAC at Capital Audiofest 2025 2WA Group debuts Aequo Ensium at Capital Audiofest 2025 Capital Audiofest 2025 lobby marketplace walk through day one Lucca Chesky Introduces the LC2 Loudspeaker at Capital Audiofest 2025 Capital Audiofest 2025 Gary Gill interview Sponsored: Pulsar 121 Acora and VAC together at Capital Audiofest 2025 Scott Walker Audio & Synergistic Research at Capital Audiofest 2025: Atmosphere LogiQ debut Sponsored: Symphonia Sponsored: Symphonia Colors LATEST ADDITIONS Miscellaneous Spin Doctor Spin Doctor #32: Good Vibrations Michael Trei Dec 31, 2025 MT's Brinkmann LaGrange turntable sits on the Seismion Reactio 2 isolation platform Renowned British turntable manufacturer Rega once defined a turntable as a vibration-measuring machine; that definition became the title of a coffee table book tracing the company's history and design philosophy. Continue Reading » Brilliant Corners Brilliant Corners #34: You Still Believe In Me Alex Halberstadt Dec 30, 2025 One of my foundational memories of becoming an audiophile was waiting to listen to a pair of speakers at Sound by Singer in Manhattan. Perhaps a more apt verb is loitering , because I was in my mid-20s and always felt on the verge of being thrown out. Continue Reading » Audacious Audio Floor Loudspeaker Reviews Wilson Audio Specialties Sabrina V loudspeaker Sasha Matson Dec 27, 2025 Wilson Audio of Provo, Utah, is executing a multiyear revision of their product line, resulting mostly in a series of "remastered" redesigns that carry in their names the designation "V." The latest V model is the Sabrina V, which replaces the prior SabrinaX . "V" refers to Wilson's proprietary V-Material first used in the Chronosonic XVX. Continue Reading » Audacious Audio Solid State Power Amp Reviews Goldmund Telos 2800 monoblock power amplifier Jim Austin Dec 26, 2025 Frederich Nietzsche distinguished between two approaches to culture: The Apollonian, which is characterized by order and rationality, and Dionysian, which is about chaos, intoxication, and vitality. Apollo was the god of Music, Art, Light, and Knowledge, and to Nietzsche, the Apollonian impulse was the main source of beauty. Continue Reading » Gramophone Dreams Phono Cartridge Reviews Gramophone Dreams #104: Vintage Systems, Vintage Cartridges Part 1 Herb Reichert Dec 24, 2025 Richard Cirulnick's system. Last week, a black sedan pulled up by the curb in front of my building. I recognized the driver, Richard Cirulnick, because an old audio-world buddy named Al Rhodes introduced me to him at the New York Audio Show in 2017. Since then, we've hung out a lot, especially at audio shows . . . Continue Reading » Music and Recording Features Sound Chaser #5: John Lodge - Timeless Flights Mike Mettler Dec 23, 2025 How many adventurous rock'n'roll bands forged in the late-'60s/early-'70s would have been left by the wayside—or relegated to languish in perpetual cutout-bin purgatory—had it not been for the wide-open programming M.O. of stereo-loving FM radio stations? The Moody Blues could very easily have been one of those sidelined, notched-cover footnotes . . . Continue Reading » Re-Tales Re-Tales #61: A Tale of Two Walters Julie Mullins Dec 22, 2025 A common theme in this space in Stereophile is the need to reach new audiences and generate broader interest in the hi-fi hobby. At a time when traditional hi-fi buyers are becoming scarcer—as older generations pass on—the need becomes more critical to the industry's survival. Recently, two industry stalwarts—who both happen to be named Walter—have come together to form "an audio distribution and marketing superpower." Continue Reading » My Back Pages Why the Music We Love Feels Different Now Rogier van Bakel Dec 19, 2025 There's a scene in the 2002 movie The Pianist in which Adrien Brody's character, the Polish-Jewish pianist Władysław Szpilman, is hiding in the ruins of a Warsaw villa. The Nazi officer who discovers him asks what he did before the war. "I was a pianist," Szpilman stammers. The German points to a battered grand piano and orders him to play something. Continue Reading » Recording of the Month Recording of January 2026: Pur ti miro Jason Victor Serinus Dec 18, 2025 Pur ti miro Wu Wei, sheng; Martin Stegner, viola; Janne Saksala, double bass ECM New Series 2843 (CD; reviewed as 24/96). 2025. Manfred Eicher , exec. prod.; Martin Sauer, eng. Continue Reading » As We See It Hidden Music, Fake Musicians Jim Austin Dec 17, 2025 Lately in this space I've focused on all things (rather, some things) analog. This month I return to digital, specifically to streaming. I love listening to records, but I also listen to a lot of streamed music. I'm a Qobuz devotee, since Qobuz is the most approachable streaming service and the friendliest to audiophiles. Continue Reading » Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 … Next page next › Last page last » Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Our Partners Analog Planet Home Cinema Hi-Fi Choice HiFi-News Shutterbug Stereophile Sound & Vision Loudspeakers Floorstanding Stand/Bookshelf Subwoofers Amplification Tube Preamps Tube Power Amps Solid Preamps Solid Power Amps Integrated Amps Phono Preamps Digital Sources CD Hi-Rez Disc Digital Processors Computer Audio Media Servers Analog Sources Turntables Tonearms Phono Cartridges FM Tuners Accessories Cables Phono Accessories Powerline Room Treatments Stands/Racks Headphones Miscellaneous Featured Budget Components Audacious Audio J. Gordon Holt InnerFidelity Music Recording of the Month Records To Die For Album Reviews Features Columns Among the Musical As We See It Aural Robert Brilliant Corners Gramophone Dreams My Back Pages Rabbit Holes ReDiscoveries Re-Tales Revinylization Retired Columns Analog Corner Art Dudley Listening The Fifth Element Audio Streams Music in the Round The Entry Level Face The Music Fine Tunes Show Reports AXPONA 2024 AXPONA 2023 AXPONA 2022 AXPONA 2019 Montreal 2023 Montreal 2022 Montreal 2019 Southwest Audio Fest 2024 Montreal Audiofest 2024 Florida Audio Expo 2024 Capital AudioFest 2023 PAF 2023 More Show Reports Features Special Features Reference Audiophile Essentials Interviews Think Pieces Historical MQA Latest News Audio News Past eNewsletters Community Sweepstakes Resources Audiophile Societies eNewsletter Sign-up Contact Us About Us Customer Service The UK Hi-Fi Show Live Media Kits Privacy Terms of Use Subscriptions New Subscription Digital Subscription Renew Sub Services Privacy Contact Terms of Use © 2024 Stereophile AVTech Media Americas Inc., USA All rights reserved