Portal Home - SterkHost Solutions Loading... English العربية Azerbaijani Català 中文 Hrvatski Čeština Dansk Nederlands English Estonian Persian Français Deutsch עברית Magyar Italiano Macedonian Norwegian Português Português Română Русский Español Svenska Türkçe Українська NGN NGN USD Apply 0 Register Account Extend Reduce Home Store Store Browse All ----- Shared Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Master Reseller Hosting Alpha Master Reseller Wordpress Hosting Email Hosting Container VPS Linux VPS Storage VPS Windows VPS VPN Server SSL Certificates E-mail Services XOVI NOW Site Builder Website Builder Professional Email Website Security Website Backup SEO Tools ----- Register a New Domain Transfer Domains to Us Announcements Knowledgebase Network Status Affiliates Contact Us Client Login SSL Certificates Add SSL to your web hosting to give visitors confidence that your website is safe and secure and help build trust. Get Started Now symantec Email Security, Built for You Block nearly 100% of viruses, malware and spam before they ever reach your inbox Get Started Now spamexperts Be Found Online With  XOVI NOW Measurable Results at Your Fingertips Get Started Now xovinow Build Your Website Creating a web presence requires the right platform. Get noticed using our drag and drop DIY Site Builder. Get Started Now sitebuilder Building a Website Has Never Been Easier Create the perfect site with powerful drag and drop tools Get Started Now weebly Professional Email OX App Suite is powerful Email and Productivity Apps built for any-size business (and budget). Get Started Now ox SiteLock Website Security SiteLock provides a range of features designed to protect both your website and your business’ reputation. Get Started Now sitelock CodeGuard Website Backup Protect your website against data loss and attacks with daily automated backups and one-click automatic restore. Get Started Now codeguard Improve your Site's traffic Improve your site's traffic and grow your business with do-it-yourself SEO Tools from marketgoo. Get Started Now marketgoo Experience reliable web hosting with SterkHost! The hosting platform tailored for businesses of all sizes. The top choice for shared, cloud, and dedicated servers, offering the best in reliability. Our hosting platform is equipped with the latest technologies and features to ensure your website performs at its best. Start your project with our shared hosting plans ECONOMIC ₦4,000/Mon 99.9% Uptime Guarantee Speed up your website by distributing it globally and serving it to your visitors from the closest location for faster page load speeds wherever they are. 6GB SSD Web Space Free SiteLock 20GB Monthly Bandwidth 24/7 Full Support cPanel, WordPress, PHP, Databases, NodeJS, Python, Ruby Apps Installer Firewall & DDoS Protection Get Started Now Find your new domain name Easily find available domains from over 500 domain extensions. Get your perfect domain name starting from ₦9,900.00 for the first year and free domain privacy included . com ₦26,000.00NGN . net ₦28,500.00NGN Shared Hosting Great for individuals & buisness Choose our hosting package tailored for the best online experience, featuring an array of benefits including a user-friendly NodeJS, Python, and Ruby Apps Installer.
Rest assured, our server operates under a DMCA-free policy, ensuring freedom in content creation and sharing. Get ready to launch your website or app and showcase your content to the world effortlessly! ₦4,000/Monthly Free SSL Certificate Order Now Reseller Hosting Become a web host! SSD Reseller hosting with the highest server reliability & performance.
You’ll be amazed at how easy, inexpensive and profitable it is to start your very own web hosting company! We provide you with all of the tools and support needed to have your business up and running in only a few minutes time. Create unlimited web sites under your own brand name, own nameservers, own WHM/cPanel, with your own prices, packages, and features. ₦90,000/Semi-Annually Free SSL Certificate Order Now VPS Hosting Fast, Affordable & Reliable On-Demand, Enterprise-Class VPS Solutions | "Be Online"

Optimized For Best Online Experience.
Flexibility, security, scalability: There are a lot of reasons to choose a Virtual Private Server solution. And with SterkHost, it’s easier than ever to set up and deploy the right, best-in-class solution for your applications and your business. ₦15,000/Monthly Free SSL Certificate Order Now Features AMAZING FEATURES INCLUDED Our strong servers ensure your website will be up and running at all times, so you can focus on what matters most. High Speed Network SterkHost Solutions delivers blazing-fast network speeds, ensuring quick loading times and seamless performance for your website, no matter where your users are located. 100% Uptime Guaranteed Our commitment to 100% uptime means your website will always be available, providing a reliable and uninterrupted online presence for your business. Custom Control Panel Host your website with SterkHost Solutions and enjoy full control with tools like SSH, WP-CLI, PHP version control, Git integration, and MySQL manager, backed by expert support to ensure your success. 1-Click Installer With SterkHost Solutions, you can effortlessly launch WordPress and other web applications, with our team ready to assist you every step of the way. Secure, Affordable & Reliable Web Hosting with SSD Storage. SSD storage: SSD (Solid State Drive) storage is faster and more reliable than traditional HDD (Hard Disk Drive) storage. It can improve the performance of your website by allowing it to load faster and handle more traffic.  Multiple hosting plans: This hosting solution offers a range of hosting plans to meet the needs of different types of websites, from small personal blogs to large e-commerce stores.  99.9% uptime: This hosting solution aims to provide a high level of uptime, meaning your website will be available and accessible to visitors most of the time. Learn more With SterkHost offers you can't go wrong Top choice for shared, cloud, and dedicated servers, offering the best in reliability. Subscribe to Our Newsletter I have read and agree to the Terms of Service At SterkHost Solutions, our goal is to help everyone achieve success online through our constant improvement of server technology, professional support, and a seamless web hosting experience. +234 805 1864-727 [email protected] Benin City, Nigeria. Product Web Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Resources minecraft hosting Website builder Cpanel reseller WordPress hosting Domains Domain Checker Free Domain WHOIS checker Services SSL Certificates E-mail Services Site Builder Website Builder Professional Email Website Security Website Backup SEO Tools Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Browser Cookies Licesses Settings Contact Copyright © 2026 SterkHost Solutions. All Rights Reserved. Do you allow us to use cookies ? We use cookies to learn where you struggle when you're navigating our website and them for your future visit, learn more about cookies in our terms of use decline all Allow all × Close Loading... Loading... Close Submit × Choose language العربية Azerbaijani Català 中文 Hrvatski Čeština Dansk Nederlands English Estonian Persian Français Deutsch עברית Magyar Italiano Macedonian Norwegian Português Português Română Русский Español Svenska Türkçe Українська Choose Currency ₦ NGN $ USD Apply Generate Password × Please enter a number between 8 and 64 for the password length Password Length Generated Password Generate new password Close Copy to clipboard and Insert