Stevens Institute of Technology Skip to Content Corporate Relations Alumni Athletics Visit Apply Give Info For Future Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families High School Counselors Media myStevens Academics Academics Stevens Institute of Technology is a student-centric research university, with technology at its core. Our three schools and one college uniquely prepare students for bright futures in diverse fields including tech, finance, medicine, energy, engineering — even art and music. Academics at Stevens Find Your Program Our Schools Undergraduate Study Undergraduate Study Majors and Minors General Education SUCCESS - The Stevens Core Curriculum Special Programs Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Academic Resources Graduate Study Stevens Online Corporate Education Samuel C. Williams Library Discover Stevens Discover Stevens Stevens is driven by the idea of building a better future through innovation and technology. Our hands-on experiences, industry-leading internships and cooperative learning opportunities establish a strong foundation for our students’ success. The Innovation University The Innovation University Our History Leadership & Vision Strategic Plan Stevens By the Numbers University Culture and Engagement Sustainability News Events Student Life Student Life Our vibrant campus sits across the river from New York City, opening the door to endless opportunity and adventure. There’s never a dull moment on campus — with fraternities and sororities, clubs, athletics and arts, every student can pursue their passions beyond the classroom. New Students New Students Undergraduate New Students Graduate New Students The Stevens Experience The Stevens Experience Living at Stevens Student Groups and Activities Arts and Culture Supporting Your Journey Supporting Your Journey Counseling and Psychological Services Office of Student Support Student Health Services Office of Disability Services Meet Tillie Other Support Resources Undergraduate Student Life Graduate Student Life Building Your Career Student Affairs Commencement Research Research From promising new classes of cancer medications to AI that detects falsehoods to 'green' filters that remove chemicals and poisons from drinking water, Stevens' research is making a difference to people and our world. Technology With Purpose Research Pillars Faculty Research Student Research Research Centers & Labs Partner with Us Admission & Aid Admission & Aid With 35 undergraduate majors, 58 master’s degree programs and 20 Ph.D. programs, your potential is limitless. When you enroll at Stevens, your dreams are in reach and we’re here to help make them a reality. Why Stevens Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Admissions How to Apply Dates and Deadlines Visit Campus Accepted Students Meet Our Staff Graduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Apply to a Graduate Program Costs and Funding Deadlines Visits and Events Chat with a Student Tuition and Financial Aid Tuition and Financial Aid Undergraduate Costs and Aid Graduate Costs and Funding Applying for Aid Student Resources Contact Financial Aid International Students Veterans and Military Veterans and Military Military Education and Leadership Programs Stevens ROTC Programs Using Your GI Bill Pre-College Programs Visit Us Corporate Relations Alumni Athletics Visit Apply Give Info For Future Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families High School Counselors Media myStevens Inspired by humanity, powered by technology Careers & Student Outcomes Stevens Ranks No. 1 in New Jersey for Graduate Earnings in New Federal Salary Data New federal College Scorecard earnings data places Stevens in the top 1% of U.S. universities and highlights its exceptional impact on student success and upward mobility Campus & Community Stevens Unveils Modernized Chemical Biology Lab Media Releases New Paper Rocks Earthquake Science with a Clever Computational Trick University Culture & Engagement Stevens Students Report Record Satisfaction and Engagement in 2025 National Survey More Stevens News You Belong Here Ready to shape tomorrow? At Stevens Institute of Technology, innovators, dreamers and problem-solvers turn bold ideas into real-world impact. From our campus on the Hudson River with the Manhattan skyline as your backdrop, you'll join a community of engineers, scientists and entrepreneurs solving problems that matter. Stevens students don't just study AI, cybersecurity and sustainable engineering; they build, launch and lead. Through hands-on research, competitive co-op programs and one of the nation's top career outcomes records, you'll graduate ready for what's next. Whether you're drawn to quantitative finance, biomedical engineering or the next breakthrough we haven't named yet, this is where your future takes shape. Find the Right Program for You Technology is at the core of every one of Stevens’ dozens of degree programs, so no matter what you study, you’ll be at the leading edge of the industry. Discover your passion, then turn it into a career that’s personally and professionally rewarding. Undergraduate Study Undergraduate Overview See Majors Graduate Study Graduate Overview See Programs Corporate and Professional Education Corporate Education Overview Program Finder Online Study Stevens Online See Programs Upcoming Events View All Events Stevens Alumni Association Holiday Gathering Off-Campus Ready for the Next Step? How to Apply Visit Follow Stevens on Social Media Skip social media feed Stevens Institute of Technology 1870 1 Castle Point Terrace, Hoboken, NJ 07030, 201.216.5000 Visit Apply Make a Gift myStevens Academics Academics at Stevens Find Your Program Our Schools Undergraduate Study Graduate Study Stevens Online Corporate Education Samuel C. Williams Library Academic Catalog Stevens Institute of Technology is a student-centric research university, with technology at its core. Our three schools and one college uniquely prepare students for bright futures in diverse fields including tech, finance, medicine, energy, engineering — even art and music. About Offices and Services Policy Library Accreditation Consumer Info Campus Events Campus Safety Health Resources and Information Bookstore Connect Directory Work at Stevens Admissions Media Relations © 2026 Stevens Institute of Technology Privacy Policy Title IX Policy Emergency Info