Skip to content
SteveHoffman.TV
Home of Audiophile Mastering Engineer Steve Hoffman
Menu
Home
Forums
Discography
Consulting
Welcome!

Thank you for visiting Steve Hoffman’s Web site. Our forums are free to join. Follow the link above to take part in our community!

Related Steve Hoffman Sites
Claus Cheng's Steve Hoffman Info Site
Interview Archive
Welcome!
July 13, 2025

With over 132,000 members, 35,000,000 posts and 950,000 discussions we invite you to join us today!

Keep up to date with the latest of the Grateful Dead (The Grateful Thread), the Un-Grateful Thread, the Beach Boys, the Beatles, Bob Dylan, Rolling Stones, Classical Music and Jazz threads, the newest music reissues and much more; audio hardware discussions including Audio Note UK and the latest and coolest in Visual Arts!

This day in history….
January 12, 2022

This day in history: January 12, 2002. 9:49 AM, California time. The Steve Hoffman Music Forums officially launched with this thread. Thank you for 20 years of music, discussion, and great memories! Join our “Thank You!” thread, and we’ll see you in the forum!

George Harrison All Things Must Pass 50th Anniversary Edition
June 8, 2021

Keep up to date with the latest news of this highly anticipated release!

George Harrison All Things Must Pass 50th Anniversary

Posts navigation
Older posts
Music Corner
Recent posts from the forum:


The Monkees - The A's, The B's & The Monkees
Most in need of a (Steven Wilson) remix...
All Things Tangerine Dream past, present, future, influences, legacy, collaborations and beyond *
What's the best "content for the money" box set that you've bought?
KISS: the first 3 albums (1974-1975)
Your Top 10 Albums of 2025
Grateful Dead on Vinyl: General Purpose Thread
KISS: 'Dressed to Kill' 50th Anniversary Special Edition
Laurel Canyon Music/Scene: circa1965+
KISS: Alive! - 50th Anniversary Box Set with all the concerts
Beatles~Yesterday And Today, The Beatles weirdest LP?
Big Barrel Full of Monkees Thread (Part 4)
Living In The '70s: Rudolph's favorite album picks from the decade of over-indulgence
Glenn Danzig - No Threads (Now The Glenn Danzig Thread)! *
Phil Keaggy who? If you don't know his stuff, you should...
Audio Hardware
Recent posts from the forum:


Audio hardware pub
Recommendation needed for dedicated vinyl amp
Empire Cartridges
Comments on Electrocompaniet
Record Pi record flattener - anyone used it?
"Not all that matters can be measured, Not all that can be measured, matters.” - True?*
Conrad-Johnson CAV-60 integrated amplifier
Marantz SACD 10 Player
Audiophile grade stereo system for "modest" investment
What defines a high-end speaker?
Audio-Technica AT-OC9XML Owners Club and Pictorial
Thoughts on the Denafrips Pontus 15 DAC
How good does one's system need to be in order to....
Your cartridge is passed its sale by date, how do you know?
Tekton Speakers Owners Thread
Visual Arts
Recent posts from the forum:


collecting Warner Bros. Looney Tunes
Popular Television Shows ...But You Never Liked Them
R.I.P. actor Isiah Whitlock, Jr. 1954-2025
Best films of 2024/2025*
John Grisham's "The Rainmaker" new 2025 series on USA with John Slattery and Lana Parrilla
Latest movie or series you intended to watch but couldn't finish out of disinterest
R.I.P. Brigitte Anne Marie Bardot, 1934-2025*
"Stranger Things" on Netflix
Predicting the Movie Hits & Bombs of 2025
Robert Downey Jr. Sets Marvel Return as Victor von Doom in ‘Avengers: Doomsday’
Landman (TV series)*
Doctor Who General Discussion Thread
“Miss O’Dell” Beatles-ish Documentary Streaming on Peacock
Post your own photographs thread
Pluribus - New Series from Vince Gilligan on Apple TV+ / Nov 7, 2025
Equipment
McIntosh Labs
Concert Fidelity
Symposium USA (Vibration control)
Symposium USA: Steve Hoffman notes
VAC – Valve Amplification Company
Venture Audio
Kubala•Sosna cables
J-Corder Custom Reel-to-Reels
TMH Audio
Sound Application
Audio Note UK
Publications
Tone Audio Magazine
Audiophile Directory
Vinyl Reviews
Positive Feedback
Michael Fremer's Analog Planet
Enjoy The Music
Audiophile Audition
The Vinyl Press
Record Labels
Yarlung Records
Music
The Doors: Official Website
Music Matters Blue Note Vinyl Reissues
Max Raabe und Palast Orchester
Sinatra Family Forum
Nat King Cole Discography
Chris Montez
Nancy Sinatra
The Bob Dylan Project
Sources
Record Technology Inc. (RTI)
Acoustic Sounds
Elusive Disc
Music Direct
Better Records
Miscellaneous
Popeye Cartoons (formerly Animators)
Jerry Beck Cartoon Brew
Glamour Girls of the Silver Screen
Life Magazine Photo Archive
Shorpy HD photo archive
The David Sarnoff Library (NBC/RCA-Victor)
Tao Of Leica-Erwin Puts commentary
Ulrich Hoffmeier-the modern Eddie Lang
Pacific Ocean Park (POP) History
BBC Radio Memories
The Goon Show
American Widescreen Museum
Internet Moving Images Archive
International Al Jolson Society
Basil Rathbone
Fred Darian
Eyes Of A Generation
Color Television History
The Avengers
Melissa Sweeney
Robert S. Levinson

© SteveHoffman.tv, all rights reserved.

The Steve Hoffman Music Forums collects minimal information from members. This information is used solely to enable a member account. Required information includes a valid email address and a username. Guest visits to the site are logged per standard web server access logs, and are not personally identifiable beyond the visitor's IP address. Member visits may include data such as time of last visit, date the member account was created, and running totals of a member's statistics. Email addresses are used solely by the forum, for forum business, and are not shared with outside entities. As a condition of membership, Staff reserves the right to contact members directly using the registered email address, as well as broadcast messages to the membership as required. Cookies are used on the site to enable forum functions, and may also be utilized for tracking and monetization at our option. All user generated content, posts and discussions contained in Steve Hoffman Music Forums are the intellectual property of the forums. Steve Hoffman Music Forums reserves the right to overwrite or replace any affiliate, commercial, or monetizable links, posted by users of the forums, with our own internal tracking.

As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com

© SteveHoffman.TV
Built with Make. Your friendly WordPress page builder theme.
RSS