Stillfront Group Skip to content Download the latest quarterly report Search for: Search About us Our story Sustainability Contact us Governance General Meetings Nomination committee Group executive management Board of Directors Remuneration and incentive programs Governance reports Auditors Articles of Association Speak Up Games Careers Investors Investment case Financial targets Reports and documents Key figures Definitions Owners and Insiders (PMDRs) Analysts and estimates The share Funding Capital markets days Calendar News Press releases Subscribe Image gallery Search Search for: Search Search Universe of positive gaming experiences. Level up your play, Stillfront’s diverse gaming portfolio engages almost 40 million people each month. What's happening? Press releases Emily Villatte starts as Group CFO December 8, 2025 / 07:00 - Non Regulatory Press releases The Board of Directors of Stillfront has resolved to exercis... October 23, 2025 / 07:30 - Regulatory Press releases Stillfront’s Interim report July – September 2025 October 23, 2025 / 07:00 - Regulatory Featured games We believe gaming can be a force for good. And we want to create a gaming universe that is digital, affordable, equal, and sustainable. So, we focus on developing games that are all about having a rewarding hobby, a great social experience, or a strategic challenge. View Games Conflict of nations Albion Online Big Farm: Mobile Harvest Shakes & fidget Empire: Four Kingdoms Play now Powering play Stillfront in numbers – A snapshot of gaming brilliance Read Our story People playing our games each month Our dynamic community transforms every click into a celebration, crafting a gaming experience that’s not just about playing—it’s about embracing joy. 40 M Engaged employees Our professionals thrive in an organization that embodies the spirit of entrepreneurship. + 1100 Games Stillfront’s active games portfolio holds large franchises as well as smaller niche products in many different genres. + 50 Let's level up Together Together Together Join our dynamic community, where the numbers tell a tale of collective passion and shared experiences. View open positions Connect with the future of play Reach out About us Our story Sustainability Contact us Governance General Meetings Nomination committee Group executive management Board of Directors Remuneration and incentive programs Governance reports Auditors Articles of Association Speak Up Games menu Games Career Our culture Join the team Investors Investment case Financial targets Reports and documents Key figures Definitions Owners and Insiders (PMDRs) Analysts and estimates The share Funding Capital markets days Calendar News Press releases Subscribe Image gallery Contact menu Contact us © 2025 Stillfront Group AB (publ) Cookies Privacy Policy Speak Up Imprint