Study in Scotland, UK | Home  |  | University of Stirling skip to main content × Home Find a course University courses by subject Study International Research About Student life Clearing News Events My favourites My Portal My Contact Search our site 中文网 My favourites 中文网 My Portal Site search Site search Show/hide mobile menu Study International Research About Student life Site search Loading... University of Stirling home page Query Study at Stirling - choose your course More than 170 flexible undergraduate degree courses. Undergraduate On campus and online Masters courses with multiple start dates. Postgraduate taught Find out about our PhD, MPhil and Professional Doctorates. Research degrees Campus services and student support over the Winter Break The University Winter Break runs from 17:00 (GMT) Tuesday 23 December 2025 to 09:00 (GMT) Monday 5 January 2026. Some campus services may be closed or will operate different opening hours. See the availability of University services and their opening hours Be ready for Stirling Welcome to all new students starting in January! Discover everything you need to do before you arrive. Explore the welcome activities to help you make a great start. Visit our Welcome site Research Our research makes the difference. Explore our research themes, programmes and spotlight articles to find out how we’re impacting the world. Explore our research Scotland's University for Sporting Excellence We deliver the best for Scottish sport through the powerful combination of sport and education. Sport at Stirling Follow us Facebook Instagram X YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Popular links Faculties Professional services Alumni Jobs at Stirling Getting here Students’ Union Online shop Blog Current students Staff Site information Policy, Legal and Cookies Accessibility statement Sitemap Modern Slavery Statement Scottish Charity No SC011159 Contact us Tel: +44 (0) 1786 473171 University of Stirling Stirling FK9 4LA Scotland UK Ask us a question ⟩ Map of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland © University of Stirling Scroll back to the top