Skip to page content
Women
Men
Kids
Help
Gift cards
Sign In
Take your style quiz
Limited time: $30 off your first Fix order + styling fee’s on usSee details
“I never have
time to shop”

Your Stylist sends pieces in your
size, style and budget. Easy.

Take the quiz, get $30 off
TRY US OUT
(ON THE HOUSE)
No risk, all style—try it free
1. Take your style quiz

Tell us about your style, size + budget—the more we know, the more your Stylist can find the perfect pieces to fit your needs.

2. Match with your (human!) Stylist

Let your Stylist know what you want via notes and we’ll send your Fix box straight to your door (always free shipping + returns).

3. Free try-on for your first Fix!

Get $30 off and a waived styling fee on your first box. After that, there’s a $20 styling fee per Fix order, which is credited to what you keep.

Let’s get started
WHAT YOU GET
Your style on your budget—
no subscription required
A Stitch Fix client wears a neutral fall outfit featuring a beige turtleneck sweater, burgundy satin skirt, leopard heels, and tan shoulder bag. Photographed in a softly lit bedroom, the look captures refined and modern Stitch Fix style. Text: “SAM’S FIX.”
SAM’S FIX
SAM’S FIX
Stitch Fix client wears a chartreuse cardigan, dark denim jacket, light-washed blue, cuffed jeans and leopard print loafers. Photographed in a well lit hallway in front of a clothing rack.
QUINTAN’S FIX
Let's get started
HOW YOU SAVE

Shop less, live more

Save 40+ shopping hours a year— that’s more time for what you love

Fits your budget

Your Stylist sends pieces within your price range—plus, keep 5+ items and save 20%

No risk, all style

Try us free for your First Fix! Plus, flexible buy now, pay later options

EXCLUSIVE FEATURES TO MAKE STYLE  EASY (+ FUN!)

Over 2,000 brands + styles
Personalized style advice
Items starting at $29
No subscription required
Get your
StyleFile

Meet StyleFile: a personalized experience that reveals your unique style personality.

Get inspired:
- Simplify understanding your personal style
- Explore your five key style types
- Make shopping less stressful (and a lot more fun!)
- Share + compare your StyleFile

Let's get started
FAQs

Are there actual human Stylists?

Yes, they’re real! We’re proud to work with passionate personal Stylists from all over the U.S. They’re fashion experts who are motivated to learn about your style and evolving needs to find the perfect pieces for you.

Styling sounds expensive—what are pricing and fees like?
Is this a subscription?
How do you nail my fit?
How does my Stylist know what to send me?
How do I communicate with my Stylist?
What is StyleFile?
What range of sizes do you carry?
Do you have kids' clothing?
Do you offer petites and plus sizes?
How about maternity clothing?
What brands do you carry?
Can I browse and purchase pieces on my own?
How often will I receive a Fix?
How can I shop for my whole family?
How do I use Buy Now Pay Later options?
The Service
Gift cards
iPhone App
Plus Sizes
Maternity
Petite
Big & Tall
Women’s Jeans
Business Casual
The Company
About Us
Social Impact
Women's Blog
Men's Blog
Press
Investor Relations
Careers
Tech Blog
Affiliates
Questions?
Help
Returns
Terms of Use - Accessibility - Privacy Policy - Supply Chain Information - Ad Choices - Sitemap

Stitch Fix and Fix are trademarks of Stitch Fix, Inc.