StormerHost | Ghana's No.1 Professional Web Hosting & Domain Services Skip to content Home Domains Domain Registration Domain Transfer Auction/Market Hosting Linux Shared Hosting Windows Shared Hosting Free Website Builder WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Cloud Server Hosting Resellers Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Reseller Hosting Email OX App Suite Google Workspace Site Builder VPS Email OX App Suite Google Workspace Security SSL Certificates ID Protection / WhoisGuard Privacy CodeGuard Backup SiteLock Malware Detector Virtual Private Network (VPN) Website Free Website Builder Web Design Service . LOGIN CLOSE Home Domains Domain Registration Domain Transfer Auction/Market Hosting Linux Shared Hosting Windows Shared Hosting Free Website Builder WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Cloud Server Hosting Resellers Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Reseller Hosting Email OX App Suite Google Workspace Site Builder VPS Email OX App Suite Google Workspace Security SSL Certificates ID Protection / WhoisGuard Privacy CodeGuard Backup SiteLock Malware Detector Virtual Private Network (VPN) Website Free Website Builder Web Design Service . LOGIN Ghana's Favorite Web Hosting Starting at ¢108/yr View Hosting Plans Providing exceptional web hosting services since 2015! Ghana's Favourite Web Hosting Providing exceptional hosting services since 2015! Starting at ¢108/yr View Hosting Plans Find Your Perfect Domain! Grab a .COM domain for just ₵170. SEARCH ¢185/yr ¢190/yr ¢210/yr ¢385/yr ¢245/yr ¢200/yr Please note domain names on SALE! renews at the regular price. The promo is a limited-time offer. Affordable, Reliable & Fast Web Hosting Services Get affordable, reliable & fast web hosting for your website from StormerHost. All our Linux shared hosting plans come with cPanel control panel for easy management. StormerHost offers a wide range of plans to choose from as per your needs. Whеthеr уоu have an е-соmmеrсе ѕtоrе or a buѕіnеѕѕ website with a huge amount of traffic, we have professional web hosting services for all your needs. Choose a hosting package below to get started! Shared A great place to start your website or blog. ¢ 108 /yr get started VPS Enjoy increased power, flexibility, and control for your websites. ¢245 /mo get started Dedicated Gain complete access to server resources. No Sharing! ¢1400 /mo get started Easy Website Builder Build your professional website using easy to use editor and publish static web pages. 500+ Responsive website themes which cover a wide range of categories like Blog, Business, Portfolio, Restaurants, Travel and many more 40+ Widgets like Image/Video Slider, Image Galleries, Rich Text, Video, Audio, Service Box, Google Maps, Contact Form, Social Media and many more to help you build your website. SitePad Website Builder makes it easy to bring your ideas to life. No Coding Skills Required . Learn More View Hosting Plans Reliable & Professional Web Hosting Company in Accra, Ghana. StormerHost is Ghana’s no. 1 hosting company, with thousands of websites hosted on our servers. We offer high-quality, affordable web hosting services for individuals, small, large businesses, and enterprises of all sizes. Whether you are a novice web designer, a professional web developer, freelancer, or you host advanced managed hosting solutions for large businesses, enterprises, and portals, we have a cheap and professional web hosting solution for you. We offer truly unlimited data transfer, free subdomains, backups, and reliable customer and website support systems and applications to make your hosting experience exciting. Our professional web hosting platform comes with free applications such as WordPress, Joomla, Drupal, E-commerce, and Social Networking applications. All websites are hosted in a state of the art data centers coupled with multi-redundant connectivity to the Internet backbone and domestic networks. You find great tools from our cPanel to make life easier for you, tools such as Softaculous, Site Security(Imunify360), Sitepad Builder, and much more. Why Choose StormerHost? StormerHost’s web hosting is secure, fast and reliable. We know your website needs to be fast-loading and always accessible, and we work hard to provide a place where your site can flourish. Money-back Guarantee Buy with confidence knowing we guarantee your satisfaction. 24/7 Support Your websites are our priority, we are here to serve you 24/7. Cloud Technology Get the best for your website with the latest cloud hosting technologies. 99.9% Uptime The availability of your website is our top priority! Our Best Features Offering you nothing but the best! SSD drives for all plans Free SSL certificate 24/7 support Guarantee Latest speed technologies The most stable platform One click install scripts Are you new to Web Hosting? No worries! We've got you covered. We have all the guide you need. Get 24/7 awesome support from StormerHost support team. You don’t just host but learn as well with us. Checkout our knowledgebase and FAQs with over 250 articles and still counting. Here Are Some Quick “How-To’s” To Get You Going: – How to order Web Hosting and Pay with Mobile money. – How to login to your ‘cPanel’ control panel. – How to upload your website files using SFTP (Filezilla). – How to upload website files using File Manager, cPanel. – How to create an Email Account in your cPanel (eg.info@mydomain.com). – How to access your webmail (Read your email). Learn more from our support page! Why Our Customers Love Us! Hear from our Happy customers! Real customer ratings and reviews from Google Business. Great customer service…Keep up the good work team Stormerhost. God bless you for the great work. Albert Berkoh Stormerhost is the best hosting company in Ghana. I discovered Stormerhost in 2017 and I’ve never regretted subscribing to any of their services. Kenneth Ekow Inkum Stormerhost has proven to be the No. 1 hosting company in Ghana. STORMERHOST SERVERS are RELIABLE, SECURED, EASY TO USE; yet very affordable. Their after-sales service and attention to details is highly commended Isef Business Consult I have never regretted registering new domains and also transferring my old domains to StormerHost. Keep up the good work. The Graphics Lab Ltd. I started my website design career somewhere in 2014. I have mastered and tried the likes of WordPress, webs, and many other platforms but so far, non is as easy to use as Stormerhost. And anytime I call them for an issue, they respond within minutes. Their… Isaac Asomah Affordable & Reliable Hosting Solutions Only ¢9/mo Get Started now Call & Live Chat Support: Mon - Friday: 8am - 5pm Sat: 9am - 3pm Whatsapp & Emails: Always Active - 24/7/365 Domains Domain Registration Domain Transfer Domain Reseller Program Security SSL Certificates ID Protection / WhoisGuard Privacy SiteLock Malware Detector Web Hosting Linux Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Cloud Server Hosting Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Shared Hosting Quick Links Careers – Job Openings! About us Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Contact us Support & Help F.A.Qs Submit Ticket Knowledgebase Announcements Contact Forum Web Hosting Linux Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Cloud Server Hosting Linux Reseller Hosting Windows Shared Hosting Quick Links Careers – Job Openings! About us Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Contact us Support & Help F.A.Qs Submit Ticket Knowledgebase Announcements Contact Forum