The fastest cloud storage and compute | Storj Storj expands the distributed cloud with cunoFS C Learn more C Live Session: See how the cloud finally works for media workflows Register now Products Distributed Storage Powerful data storage. Object Mount Access to any object storage. Cloud Compute Compute rentals simplified. Production Cloud The cloud for media workflows. Solutions By Business AI/ML Media & Entertainment Enterprise IT SIs & VARs By Use Case Active Archive CDN Origin GPU Rental Global Collaboration Backup & Recovery Pricing Resources Resource center Reports, case studies, videos and more. Blog The latest insights from Storj. Integrations Plug into the distributed cloud. Documentation Guides and resources for developers. Partners Plug into the distributed cloud. News and events The latest happenings from Storj. Sign in Get started Products Distributed Storage Powerful data storage. Object Mount Access to any object storage. Cloud Compute Compute rentals simplified. Production Cloud The cloud for media workflows. Solutions By Business AI/ML Enterprise IT Media & Entertainment SIs & VARs By Use Case Active Archive GPU Rental Backup & Recovery CDN Origin Global Collaboration Pricing Resources Resource center Reports, case studies, videos and more. Blog The latest insights from Storj. Integrations Plug into the distributed cloud. Documentation Guides and resources for developers. Partners Plug into the distributed cloud. News and events The latest happenings from Storj. Sign In Get started The fastest cloud ‍ on the planet . Get blazing fast global access to S3-compatible object storage and compute at the cost of one region. Get started Trusted by teams all over the world. Products Simplify your workflows with the distributed cloud. Store data Object Storage Store data everywhere with fast, secure, S3-compatible cloud storage and egress. Learn more → Access files Object Mount Access any object storage like a local drive with the fastest, friendliest file mount client. Learn more → Scale compute Cloud GPUs Get ultra-flexible compute—rent GPUs on-demand or reserve an instance today. Learn more → How it works The smarter way to deliver cloud services. The distributed cloud transforms traditional cloud services, unlocking powerful advantages for fast, global data workflows. And by leveraging distributed resources, Storj lowers cloud costs by up to 80% while slashing carbon emissions by up to 83%, making it a smarter choice. Watch the overview Case studies Customers and partners trust Storj. Gabb chooses Storj for backing up children’s mobile data Learn more → Sardius Media scales to meet global customer demand with Storj. Learn more → How Altrove accelerates AI-powered materials discovery with Storj GPUs. Learn more → How Source Elements delivers near real-time audio workflows. Learn more → How Axle AI delivers AI-powered Media access at unmatched speeds. Learn more → How IRC improves content sharing from conflict zones Learn more → UNINTERRUPTED unlocks the power of the distributed cloud. Learn more → Ortana chooses Storj to help cure clients cloud storage anxiety Learn more → See for yourself Bring apps to your data. Take the next step today—start a free trial or connect with an expert to see if Storj is right for your business. Get Started The biggest cloud innovation since S3. Storj is the leader in distributed cloud storage with clear differentiation compared to other providers. Single upload. Storj automatically replicates and distributes data globally, which saves you money and eliminates regional risks. More durable. Storj is architected using zero-trust and zero-knowledge principles that yield the highest levels of durability. Consistently fast. Storj splits, distributes and recovers the data in parallel to avoid traffic jams, ensuring  great performance from anywhere. Limitless scalability. Storj can quickly scale with your business to any region by leveraging a massive, global storage network. Plug and play ready. Storj has S3 compatibility and technical alliances with backup systems, data and media management  platforms. Explore partners Sustainability The more sustainable cloud. Cloud storage and compute creates 2x the carbon emissions of the transportation industry—and that number is growing rapidly. With Storj, you can rest assured knowing the distributed cloud lowers carbon emissions by 83% by leveraging a global network of resources. Watch the video Get in touch Speak with an expert. Chat with our team to get your questions answered and unlock your free trial. Schedule a meeting Products Object Storage Object Mount Cloud GPUs Production Cloud Solutions Active Archive GPU Rental Backup and Recovery CDN Origin Global Collaboration Resources Storage Providers Blog Resource Center Integrations Documentation Pricing Partners Support Customer support Technical docs Provider support Community forum GitHub Company About Careers Legal Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of use Storage Provider T&C Bug Bounty Compliance Copyright © 2025 Storj Labs Inc | All Rights Reserved