On-Demand Webinar | Storyly: Reimagined, Transformed, Powered by AI


Watch now!
Products
Use Cases
Solutions
Resources
Pricing

Login

Talk to us

Boost
Revenue
Engagement
Stickiness
Conversion
Retention

Create interactive, personalized, shoppable content experiences in your app and on your website. Get in touch to learn how!

Book a call

Watch a quick demo

Trusted by 400+ companies globally
Shopping is not just about the product.
It’s about the experience.

The digital experience of most retail and commerce companies are one-sided, static, and dull. A huge source of frustration for online shoppers. That’s why we empower marketers with dynamic and interactive content capabilities. For you to create a direct path to purchase, turning viewers into buyers.

Dynamic engagement

Drive engagement with a new, dynamic content channel

Revitalize your app and website’s appeal with full-screen, captivating video content. Deliver an experience that keeps your audience returning for more.

116%

Increase in
session duration

60%

Increase in pageviews

60%

Decrease in
bounce rate

Explore now

Embedded commerce

Accelerate discovery to purchase with shoppable media

Use shoppable content to help your customers discover a wide range of products and campaigns. Inspire them about the best contexts to use these items. Build trust with testimonials and convert interest into purchase.

64%

Higher conversion rate compared to banners

8%

Increase in conversions

2%

Increase in AOV

Explore now

Data-driven decisions

Build better marketing campaigns with zero-party data

Leverage interactive content to collect zero-party data, informing marketing decisions. More engaging than surveys, more budget-friendly than focus groups.

5X

More content consumption

73%

Response rate

Explore now

A closer look at Storyly's capabilities

For the price of hiring one developer, you can easily add interactive, engaging and automated content to your owned platforms.

Book a call

Creative studio

Get your hands on everything from GIFs to animations and playful stickers, making the creation process a breeze.

Smart automation

Let Storyly's smart automation take your content from great to groundbreaking. With AI, streamline your creative process for impactful content without the fuss.

Direct shopping

Transform your content into seamless shopping experiences with Storyly. Our commerce-enabled features make engaging and converting your audience easier than ever.

Personalized content

Craft experiences perfectly in tune with individual tastes, strengthening connections and enhancing experiences.

Developer-friendly

Enjoy a platform that simplifies integration and boosts your development process from start to finish.

Figma        UI Kit for Creating Content with Storyly

Prepare and customize your images and videos for Storyly widgets in your app and on your website.

A rich set of components, layouts, icons and styles

Previews for different device sizes and operating systems

* With a video guide to learn how to use the UI Kit

Check now

Built for the unique needs of
enterprise-level companies
“Interactive design and ease of usage are the best features of the Storyly dashboard”

“User-personalized Stories and interactive content can increase engagement and session duration on the application. Stories make the use of our eCommerce application more fun and interactive.”

Priyanka Bhadauria

Digital Campaign Manager, Decathlon

“Storyly has completely changed how we communicate to our customers on platform”

Previously we would rely on static banners on our homepage to inform our customers of things like product launches, promotions, what's happening across our community etc. Storyly and stories have enabled us to communicate these in a far more dynamic and engaging way with customers, driving higher conversion on key things vs the old experience.”

Ryan O’Callaghan

Head of Product, Dabble

"Incredible service, a pleasure to work with"

"We were so impressed by the service we received right from the outset. Tomer was prompt, helpful and insightful, providing examples relevant to our business, taking the effort to setup several meetings and aligning with our goals. Brade and Nurcin have worked closely with us to ensure we are getting everything possible out of the product and been a wonderful support.. They don't just leave you to your own devices once you've committed to a subscription, the team are there every step of the journey to assist wherever they can.

Rob B.

NBL, GM - Digital and Content

Discover how customers grow with Storyly

Hear from brands who are using Storyly to find a voice that is now finding its way to customers.

Success stories

70%

increase in transactions

330%

surge in engagement

Boosting engagement and revenue with Storyly

A data-driven marketing technology and customer loyalty platform, Airtime Rewards, achieved a mind-blowing success with Storyly. Interactive, personalized, and targeted communication have been their #1 trick to boost transactions and discovery.

Read more

1%

contribution to turnover

31%

CTR

Getting customers inspired and geared-up for adventure with Storyly

It’s no easy task to create in-app engagement opportunities and streamline product discovery. Yet, Decathlon has a powerful tool: Storyly, helping Decathlon marketers drive sales while decreasing cart abandonment rates.

Read more

18%

increase in homepage CTR

21%

decrease in exits

8%

boost in conversions

Creating a new and dynamic shoppertainment channel with Storyly

A front-row seat for customers to captivating content that helps them discover their next favorite things… This is what Footasylum achieved in the app and on the website with Storyly experiences.

Read more

64%

higher conversion rate

37%

CTR

20%

increase in feature adoption

Reinventing in-app experience and conversion with Storyly

A game-changing in-app channel on the first day and clear ROI in the first week… Using Storyly to increase campaign conversions and enhance new feature activation, Domino’s creates a true success story.

Read more

Immersive Digital Experiences

Craft inspiring, engaging, and intuitive content with Storyly.

Book a call

Products
App Stories
Web Stories
Vertical Video Feed
Inbox Stories
Shoppable Stories
Journeys
Solutions
Retail & eCommerce
Beauty & Cosmetics
Food and Drink
Travel & Hospitality
Sport & Betting
Loyalty
Financial Services
Use Cases
Dynamic Engagement
Embedded Commerce
Data-Driven Decisions
Resources
Blog
Customer Stories
Inspiration Playbook
Glossary
Documentation
Partners
Storyly with Braze
Storyly vs. Firework
Company
About us
Contact us
What’s New in Storyly?
Partners
Latest Articles
The Marketer’s New Partner: How AI Co-Pilots Simplify Content Creation
Beyond Chatbots: How Conversational AI Shapes the Future of Commerce
Building Agility into Content Workflows for Faster Speed-to-Market
Conversational AI in Commerce and What It Means for Customer Engagement
How to Win BFCM 2025: Insights from 30+ Industry Leaders
© 2024 Storyly. All right reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Storyly Status
Storyly website uses cookies to offer you useful features and measure performance to improve your experience. Your preferences can be edited at any time. Find more information in our Cookie Policy.
Accept
Reject