Storyly: Personalized, Interactive, Shoppable Content Experiences Storyly website uses cookies to offer you useful features and measure performance to improve your experience. Your preferences can be edited at any time. Find more information in our Cookie Policy . Accept Reject Privacy Preferences Essential cookies Required Marketing cookies Essential Personalization cookies Essential Analytics cookies Essential Allow all cookies Reject all cookies Save preferences Platform CAPABILITIES Widget Library Explore social-inspired, interactive content formats. Smart Flow Create adaptive journeys that adapt based on goal and the intent. Contextual Personalization Build unique content experiences based on real-time intent signals. Storyly AI Receive performance insights, benchmarks, and content optimization suggestions. INTEGRATIONS PARTNERS Future Mind GreyHairWorks Intaface Product Overview Solutions BY INDUSTRY Retail & eCommerce Shorten the path from inspiration to purchase Beauty & Cosmetics Empower your beauty brand with shoppable videos Food & Drink Engage and activate your customers Travel & Hospitality Take travelers on a dynamic journey Sports & Betting Enhance user experience with exceptional content Loyalty Connect with your community Financial Services Help your customers get the best out of your app and website TAKE A LOOK Sephora Boosts Conversions by 8.5% and Engagement by 139%. Read more Pricing Resources Inspiration Playbook Time to get your creative juices flowing Customer Stories Successful campaign examples from Storyly customers Glossary Your dictionary to get to know fundamental concepts in eCommerce Blog eCommerce trends, best practices, and expert insights Documentation How to Tutorials TAKE A LOOK Explore widgets, flows, and personalization Watch now! Login Talk to us Log in Talk to us Replace Static Mobile Store Pages with Content-Led Contextual Personalization Engaging widgets. Goal-driven flows. AI-powered personalization. Meaningful business results. Get started Platform CAPABILITIES Widget Library Explore social-inspired, interactive content formats. Smart Flow Create adaptive journeys that adapt based on goal and the intent. Contextual Personalization Build unique content experiences based on real-time intent signals. Storyly AI Receive performance insights, benchmarks, and content optimization suggestions. INTEGRATIONS PARTNERS Future Mind GreyHairWorks Intaface Product Overview Solutions BY INDUSTRY Retail & eCommerce Shorten the path from inspiration to purchase Beauty & Cosmetics Empower your beauty brand with shoppable videos Food & Drink Engage and activate your customers Travel & Hospitality Take travelers on a dynamic journey Sports & Betting Enhance user experience with exceptional content Loyalty Connect with your community Financial Services Help your customers get the best out of your app and website TAKE A LOOK Sephora Boosts Conversions by 8.5% and Engagement by 139%. Read more Pricing Resources Inspiration Playbook Time to get your creative juices flowing Customer Stories Successful campaign examples from Storyly customers Glossary Your dictionary to get to know fundamental concepts in eCommerce Blog eCommerce trends, best practices, and expert insights Documentation How to Tutorials TAKE A LOOK Explore widgets, flows, and personalization Watch now! Login Talk to us Log in Talk to us Trusted by Top-Tier Companies Across the World Smart Content Experiences Where It Matters the Most Built for mobile-first engagement and powered by AI, Storyly enables smart, goal-driven, and contextually-personalized content flows within apps and websites to guide customers toward meaningful actions. Your Goals Turned into Content Flows Make Every Session Count! Before Storyly Static, one-way content that misses expectations Same generic screens for every shopper Great ideas stuck in slow dev cycles Frustrated customers, wasted sessions With Storyly Engaging, interactive video-driven experiences AI personalization adapts in real time Launch in-app/mobile campaigns in minutes Turn every session into revenue Your Comprehensive Content Experience Suite SMART WIDGETS Engage Users Instantly with an Experience They Already Love Leverage the most dynamic content formats on your mobile store with Storyly’s smart widgets. Their familiarity from leading social platforms makes them instantly intuitive in any app/web experience. GOAL-DRIVEN FLOWS Eyes on the Outcomes, Hands Off the Busywork Stop building content piece by piece and start designing for results. Select your business goal (like increasing order value or boosting conversions) and Storyly automatically creates the perfect flow to achieve it. CONTEXTUAL PERSONALIZATION Build Experiences Around Every Single Shopper Create a living shopping experience that adapts to every user in real time. Storyly AI learns from each tap and view, re-ranking content to match the current intent. A completely tailored session for every single person, every single time. ADVANCED ANALYTICS Data-Driven Decisions, Made Simple One view for the big picture, one click for the details. Instantly spot top performers and run quick A/B tests. Gain the clarity you need to double-down on what wins, cut what doesn’t, and hit targets faster. STORYLY AI Your Smart Assistant for Better Marketing AI is by default working behind the scenes to help you make better decisions faster. From surfacing patterns in performance to improving content and creatives, it becomes your unfair advantage, giving you a competitive edge, effortlessly. Leading Brands Grow with Storyly Hear from brands using Storyly to strengthen the connection with their customers. Boosting Conversions 8.5% and Engagement 139% “This integration has demonstrably improved our key performance indicators, specifically driving a noticeable increase in both app revisits and overall user engagement.” Yukee N. Mobile Growth Assistant Manager, Sephora The Best-Performing In-App Channel During Campaigns “With Storyly, we can react instantly to campaign changes, highlight new categories, and manage everything in real time. It gives us agility we never had with static banners.” Diego Gálvez Site Operations, Coppel 10x Higher Clicks and Responses By integrating Storyly, idealo gained a dynamic channel for key seasonal events. Through interactive stickers and personalized journeys, they ensure timely, relevant messaging that captures attention and significantly boosts user engagement. 70% Increase in Promo Conversion Rates “Storyly has really given us the ability to personalize and target our customers, and it gives us an edge over our competitors. I’ve been very impressed with the product, how easy it is to use and the way it works on the Sportsbook and the app.” Dave Kellner The Broadcast Content Manager, William Hill Don't Take Our Word for It. See Our Customers' Love for Storyly! “Professionals, approachable, adaptable, and proactive” “‘No’ is never a valid answer for Storyly, they always try to find solutions. Moreover, they are excellent people, the treatment is unbeatable, they have a lot of patience, and they adapt very well to the client. Laia Malagarriga Albreda Product Owner, Stradivarius “Storyly offers an amazing product with incredible support and service” “Storyly has completely changed how we communicate to our customers on platform. Previously we would rely on static banners on our homepage to inform our customers of things like product launches, promotions, what's happening across our community etc. Storyly and stories have enabled us to communicate these in a far more dynamic and engaging way with customers, driving higher conversion on key things vs the old experience. Ryan O'Callaghan Head of Product, Dabble “Great tool and involved team” “Storyly is great for making our app more engaging for users and is really easy to use. The personalization of the communication strategy is important to us. Friendly and supportive team who are so quick to respond to any queries. We received huge feedback from them. Ewelina Korzeniewska Jr. Marketing Specialist, Rossmann Poland Right Content for Each Context on Mobile Put on your best performance for every mobile moment in your digital store. Start now Products App Stories Web Stories Product Overview Use Cases Dynamic Engagement Embedded Commerce Data-Driven Decisions Solutions Retail & eCommerce Beauty & Cosmetics Food & Drink Travel & Hospitality Sports & Bettings Loyalty Financial Services Resources Blog Customer Stories Inspiration Playbook Glossary Documentation Company Contact us Pricing Partners INSIGHTS FROM STORYLY TEAM DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX Subscribe to our newsletter and get fun, inspiring, and insightful emails periodically. Subscribe Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. © 2025 Storyly. All right reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Storyly Status