StrawPoll - Create a Poll in Seconds StrawPoll Create Poll Schedule Meeting Demo Pricing Open main menu Login Sign up Close menu StrawPoll Create Poll Schedule Meeting Demo Pricing Help Center Guides Live Demo F.A.Q. Poll API About Sign up Existing user? Login Create a poll in seconds Want to ask your friends where to go friday night or arrange a meeting with co-workers? Create a poll - and get answers in no time. Create a poll Live Demo No signup required Trusted by over 2,300,000 users worldwide Users 2.3M+ Polls 13M+ Votes 290M+ Use our advanced poll maker A straw poll is a voting that can be used to help people to easily determine the opinion of a group or the public on some issue. Straw polls are very useful when only the majority opinion is important and not the opinion of each individual participant. Create a poll View example Schedule your meetings in no-time StrawPoll Meetings is a great and simple tool to schedule meetings and other times with clients, colleagues or friends. A meeting poll is very helpful in situations where the opinion of each individual participant is important. Schedule a meeting View example Polling made easy Simple polls with powerfull configuration While we make our polls as simple and beautiful as possible, we also offer powerful customization options to enable on-demand adjustments for many different purposes. Fake Detection By default, bots and VPN users are blocked from voting on straw polls. Deadlines Our polls run indefinetly. You can change that by setting a deadline. Emoji Support We support all Emojis natively. Feel free to use as many as you want! Live Results Evaluate your poll results in a pie chart or bar graph in real-time. Poll API We provide an easy to use API for poll creation and result analysis. Active Development We are continuously working on new features and QoL updates. Ready to get started? It's free! Create a poll Sign up Footer Making it easy to create instant, real-time polls and surveys for free. Discord Twitter Instagram Facebook GitHub Reddit Choose Language English German French Spanish Portuguese Solutions Poll Maker Meeting Scheduler Discord Bot Poll API Support Pricing Help Center Guides F.A.Q. Integrations Company About Imprint Contact Legal Privacy Terms © 2025 StrawPoll. All rights reserved. Close