Explore Industrial 3D Printing Solutions | Stratasys Additive Printing USA & Canada Select your country and region Americas English español (México) português (Brasil) EMEA English (United Kingdom) Deutsch español (España, alfabetización internacional) français Italiano APAC 中文(简体) 日本語 (日本) 한국어(대한민국) English (India) Resources Overview Blogs Case Studies Events eBooks Videos Webinars White Papers Resource Guides Beta program Support Overview Customer Service Support Center Support FAQ Stratasys Academy Recycling and Returns Safety Data Sheets Certificate of Conformity Certificate of Analysis Dental Priority Service & Support Find a Reseller Careers About us Overview Overview Culture Sustainability Partners Press Room Investor Relations Customer Hub USA & Canada Industries & Applications Industries Overview Aerospace Government Automotive Dental Medical Consumer Products Education Art and Fashion Agriculture Applications Overview Manufacturing Investment Casting Jigs and Fixtures Production Parts Rapid Prototyping Packaging Design Composite Tooling TrueDent® Dentures 3D Printers & Software Technologies Overview FDM Technology PolyJet Technology P3™ DLP Technology SAF™ Technology Stereolithography Technology 3DFashion™ Technology 3D Printing FAQ Printers Overview FDM® PolyJet™ Stereolithography P3™ DLP SAF™ Software Overview Stratasys Software Solutions Connectivity Digital Anatomy™ Creator OpenAM™ Software Materials About 3D Materials Overview Why Use Stratasys Materials Safety Data Sheets Recycling and Returns View All Materials Overview FDM® PolyJet™ Stereolithography P3™ / DLP SAF™ / Powder Bed Fusion Shop Our Materials Manufacturing Services Industries Materials Material Wizard Security-Compliance Stratasys Total Advantage™ Resources Overview 3D Printing Services FDM® Printing Service P3™ DLP Printing Service PolyJet™ Printing Service SAF®  Printing Service SLA Printing Service SLS Printing Service MJF 3D Printing Service Services Design Optimization Services Finishing & Assembly Quality Assurance Rapid Prototyping Service About Us Contact Us Service Locations Get Instant Quote Stay connected Get a quote Close Search Print Your Holiday Cheer Download the festive 3D printable tree and bring seasonal creativity to your workspace. Get the Model Industrial 3D Printing Tailored additive manufacturing solutions for industry, health care, and education. Download Our Buyer’s Guide About Stratasys Driving Innovation Throughout Production How Toyota Uses Stratasys Technology to Cut Costs, Boost Agility, and Improve Quality In this exclusive behind-the-scenes look, learn how Toyota is leveraging industrial 3D printing with Stratasys technology to transform manufacturing on the production floor. From rapid design cycles to on-demand tooling, see how innovation meets efficiency in one of the world’s most iconic automotive brands. Watch the Video Our Solutions Rapid Prototyping Functional testing, hyper-realistic modeling, and fast results. Speed Up Your Designs Tooling Strong, versatile materials for fast, custom tool production. Try Agile Tooling Production Parts Faster, lower-cost production than conventional methods. Produce On-Demand Dental Manufacturing Fixtures, appliances, and dentures using a streamlined digital workflow. Digitize Your Dentistry Medical Modeling Patient-specific medical models that improve patient outcomes. See More Clearly Packaging Design, print, and validate prototypes for beverages, cosmetics, and beauty products in a simple digital workflow. Design Process Rapid Prototyping Functional testing, hyper-realistic modeling, and fast results. Speed Up Your Designs Tooling Strong, versatile materials for fast, custom tool production. Try Agile Tooling Production Parts Faster, lower-cost production than conventional methods. Produce On-Demand Dental Manufacturing Fixtures, appliances, and dentures using a streamlined digital workflow. Digitize Your Dentistry Medical Modeling Patient-specific medical models that improve patient outcomes. See More Clearly Packaging Design, print, and validate prototypes for beverages, cosmetics, and beauty products in a simple digital workflow. Design Process Our Offerings Our range of 3D printers, diverse selection of materials, and powerful software offer a formidable array of additive manufacturing tools to solve your complex challenges. 3D Printers Our 3D printers operate using five different additive technologies and range from small printers suitable for office settings to large systems that support industrial operations. Find the Right 3D Printer Materials A broad material portfolio offers polymers with diverse characteristics and properties suitable for many applications and design requirements. Explore Material Capabilities Software Our software gives you powerful capabilities to make your 3D printing operations easy and efficient. An ecosystem of partner software providers also lets you expand your additive software solutions. Experience Our Software 3D Printers Our 3D printers operate using five different additive technologies and range from small printers suitable for office settings to large systems that support industrial operations. Find the Right 3D Printer Materials A broad material portfolio offers polymers with diverse characteristics and properties suitable for many applications and design requirements. Explore Material Capabilities Software Our software gives you powerful capabilities to make your 3D printing operations easy and efficient. An ecosystem of partner software providers also lets you expand your additive software solutions. Experience Our Software Our Additive Technologies FDM® Technology FDM technology is an extrusion-based additive process that is easy to use and accessible. It employs a broad range of thermoplastics suitable for durable applications ranging from functional prototyping to tooling to production parts. More About FDM PolyJet™ Technology PolyJet technology is capable of producing parts with vivid colors and multiple textures ranging from soft and rubber-like to rigid. It is an effective technology for prototypes and concept models that need the look and feel of the final product. More About PolyJet P3™ DLP Technology P3 technology is an advanced form of digital light processing (DLP ), offering fast print speed and an open material system. T ailored for small-batch production parts, it offers high accuracy, tight tolerances , and a smooth surface finish . More About P3 SAF® Technology SAF (Selective Absorption Fusion) technology is a powder bed fusion process utilizing powdered thermoplastics. Its higher production volume and ability to recycle used nylon 12 powder offers desirable production efficiency and lower cost per part. More About SAF Stereolithography Technology SLA technology creates objects using photopolymer materials cured with a UV laser. Its high resolution and accuracy allow it to create prototypes, concept models, and low-volume production parts with in tricate geometries and a very smooth finish. More About SLA Get Our Technology Comparison Trends shaping the future of manufacturing Gurvinder Kahlon Impact of Tariffs on Manufacturing and the Cost-Saving Power of 3D Printing Discover how tariffs impact manufacturing costs and how 3D printing offers a cost-saving alternative. Learn how businesses can navigate supply chain disruptions and reduce expenses with additive manufacturing. Read more Rich Garrity Discover how Stratasys is driving real-world additive manufacturing with full-spectrum polymer solutions, hybrid service models, and scalable use cases across aerospace, healthcare, and defense. Read more Effy Shafner How to Protect 3D Printing Workflows from Cybersecurity Threats Discover the top cybersecurity risks facing 3D printing—and how to protect your IP, ensure uptime, and stay compliant with help from Stratasys’ multi-layered security approach. Read more Complete Additive Manufacturing Services 3D Printing Services Let Stratasys print your parts. From prototypes to end-use parts, supported by unmatched expertise and one of the world's largest in-house industrial additive printing fleets. Explore More Customer Service Committed to maximum uptime at customers, we offer global support, tailored service solutions, and knowledge & expertise to ensure your success. Explore More 3D Printing Services Let Stratasys print your parts. From prototypes to end-use parts, supported by unmatched expertise and one of the world's largest in-house industrial additive printing fleets. Explore More Customer Service Committed to maximum uptime at customers, we offer global support, tailored service solutions, and knowledge & expertise to ensure your success. Explore More Committed to Our Customers Learn More With These Resources Explore Resources Case Studies See how customers benefit from Stratasys technology through these stories that cover real-world additive applications across all industries. Explore More White Papers Go deeper into topics that cover a broad scope of additive manufacturing subjects, such as materials, industries, processes, and applications. Explore More Webinars Learn more about specific additive technology topics from Stratasys and industry experts in our live and on-demand webinars. Explore More Events Take advantage of live events to get firsthand experience with our technology and talk with our experts one-on-one. Explore More eBooks Gain deeper insights into additive manufacturing with our comprehensive design resources, solution overviews, and educational content. Explore More Case Studies See how customers benefit from Stratasys technology through these stories that cover real-world additive applications across all industries. Explore More White Papers Go deeper into topics that cover a broad scope of additive manufacturing subjects, such as materials, industries, processes, and applications. Explore More Webinars Learn more about specific additive technology topics from Stratasys and industry experts in our live and on-demand webinars. Explore More Events Take advantage of live events to get firsthand experience with our technology and talk with our experts one-on-one. Explore More eBooks Gain deeper insights into additive manufacturing with our comprehensive design resources, solution overviews, and educational content. Explore More Explore Resources In the News see all news Stratasys Earns Silver EcoVadis Medal, Reinforcing Sustainability Leadership Stratasys achieved a Silver sustainability rating, ranking in the top 10% globally. This milestone highlights the company’s commitment to responsible business practices that positively impact the environment, society, and stakeholders. Explore Sustainability Peugeot Drives New Revolution in Car Interior Design With Stratasys 3DFashion Technology Stratasys 3D Fashion technology and additive printing support a new era for the brand’s electric vehicles. Produces visually impactful interiors incorporating 3D printed patterns onto velvet. View More Stratasys Launches iAM Marketplace, Redefining Access to Additive Manufacturing Materials and Solutions Stratasys Ltd. today announced the launch of iAM Marketplace™, an independent new platform set to accelerate adoption of additive manufacturing as a core manufacturing capability across the product lifecycle. Learn more Now Available in the U.S.: RadioMatrix™ Radiopaque 3D Printing Material RadioMatrix is the first and only 3D printing material that enables precise control of radiopacity - allowing users to produce patient-specific models with repeatable, consistent, and fully tunable visibility on X-ray based imaging. Read More Stratasys Earns Silver EcoVadis Medal, Reinforcing Sustainability Leadership Stratasys achieved a Silver sustainability rating, ranking in the top 10% globally. This milestone highlights the company’s commitment to responsible business practices that positively impact the environment, society, and stakeholders. Explore Sustainability Peugeot Drives New Revolution in Car Interior Design With Stratasys 3DFashion Technology Stratasys 3D Fashion technology and additive printing support a new era for the brand’s electric vehicles. Produces visually impactful interiors incorporating 3D printed patterns onto velvet. View More Stratasys Launches iAM Marketplace, Redefining Access to Additive Manufacturing Materials and Solutions Stratasys Ltd. today announced the launch of iAM Marketplace™, an independent new platform set to accelerate adoption of additive manufacturing as a core manufacturing capability across the product lifecycle. Learn more Now Available in the U.S.: RadioMatrix™ Radiopaque 3D Printing Material RadioMatrix is the first and only 3D printing material that enables precise control of radiopacity - allowing users to produce patient-specific models with repeatable, consistent, and fully tunable visibility on X-ray based imaging. Read More see all news How can we help you? Stratasys US & Canada Call 1-800-801-6491 Helpful Guides Quality Investment Casting Power of Visual Prototyping Multi-Material Dental Printing SAF Technology Design Guide Support-Free Prints with DLP All Ebooks Must Read Articles 5 Tooling Challenges Low Volume Production Guide to Rapid Prototyping Realistic Medical Modelling 3D in Auto Manufacturing Can you 3D Print Plastic DLP 3D Printing Explained Latest Printers F3300 Origin Two Neo Series DentaJet XL™ J5 Anatomy Printer All Printers Industries Dental 3D Printers Medical 3D Printers Automotive 3D Printers Aerospace 3D Printers Consumer Products 3D Printers Webinars Fast Investment Casting A Game Changer in Racing Sustainability in AM 3D Printing at Point-of-Care Mastering Digital Dentures All Webinars Materials Rigid Flexible Biocompatible All Materials Sales & Support Support Find a Reseller Get a Quote Talk to an Expert Customer Hub Customer Service Our Company About us Contact us Our Locations Careers Academy Sustainability Investors Stay connected © Stratasys 2025 Legal information Privacy policy REACH compliance