strategy+business: international business strategy news articles and award-winning analysis Skip to content Skip to navigation Sign up for the digital issue Topics Climate & sustainability Consumer & retail Energy Entertainment & media Healthcare Leadership Manufacturing Reinvention & transformation Strategy Tech & innovation Value creation Workforce Thought leaders Business books Inside the Mind of the CxO The s+b 10 principles collection Thought leaders Young profs The issue Current issue Past issues Sign up for the digital issue The podcast Search: You can search by entering questions, phrases, or keywords in the box above. Sign up for newsletters Sign up for the digital issue Light Dark Auto All topics Business books Climate & sustainability Consumer & retail Energy Entertainment & media Healthcare Inside the Mind of the CxO Leadership Manufacturing Reinvention & transformation Strategy Tech & innovation The s+b 10 principles collection Thought leaders Value Creation Workforce Young profs The issue Current issue Past issues Sign up The podcast Follow s+b Follow s+b on LinkedIn Follow s+b on Twitter Follow s+b on Facebook Follow s+b on YouTube Gets updates via RSS s+b on the Apple App store s+b on the Google Play store Light Dark Auto Food for thought Our global food system is unsustainable, and its practices are inflexible, inefficient, and inequitable. The December issue of s+b explores why it doesn’t have to be. How can AI scale our capabilities at work? Customer service is feeling different—and AI may be why.  In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explain how AI is reshaping customer interactions and changing how businesses support their workforce. e.l.f. Beauty and rhode are giving the beauty business a makeover CEOs Tarang Amin and Nick Vlahos discuss how they’re staying true to their shared vision as expectations rise. by Ali Furman, Paul Leinwand, and Jen Swetzoff Are factories the new frontier of big tech? Supply chains are under strain—and tech is changing how we make things.  In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explain how automation is reshaping work, opening the door for new types of businesses. The future of food, in five stats PwC’s Voice of the Consumer 2025 survey shows how changing preferences are spurring innovation in the global food system. Can government be the catalyst for breakthrough innovation? Could government be the next great innovator? In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explain why public and private collaboration could unlock new solutions in energy, healthcare, climate and more. Latest Articles How to fund the data-center boom? Building the world’s digital backbone takes trillions of dollars. In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explain how innovative financing is driving the global data-center boom—and enabling the infrastructure that powers AI. Will your next sushi roll come from a laboratory? Feeding a growing population in the decade ahead will require bold innovation and new partnerships—so what’s emerging? In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explain how humanity can completely reimagine food. What does the future of mobility look like? Mobility is changing—and it’s bigger than just cars. In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explore how electric vehicles, automation and new tech are transforming the way we move people and goods. Could robots be renovating our homes in the future? What if we rethink construction? In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explore how innovations like building ‘second skins’ are transforming how we build—making it better for both planet and business. How will personalized health data transform the way we care? Healthcare is being reimagined. In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explore how technology, collaboration and patient-first thinking are transforming the future of healthcare. Could your car power your home? The way we power society is changing fast—and collaboration is key. In this episode of our Take on Tomorrow podcast, we explore what it means for business and how leaders can compete in a new energy era. See the world as a startup does Professor Rory McDonald, an expert in disruptive strategy, urges corporate leaders to learn from startups—and preschoolers—as they seek to reinvent their organizations. by Matthew Duffey and Tom Fleming Food for thought Our global food system is unsustainable, and its practices are inflexible, inefficient, and inequitable. The December issue of s + b explores why it doesn’t have to be. Explore the four keys to a better food system, and see how a mixture of fresh ideas, nutritious cross-industry collaboration, and juicy new business models could help feed the future. Better farming practices Healthy and sustainable diets Transparent and efficient supply chains Scaling technology and financing Read the issue Subscribe Read the issue Subscribe Trending articles 1. Why Your Employees Are Always Putting Out Fires Moving from crisis to crisis has become all-too-common in today’s workplace. 2. Angela Duckworth’s Gritty View of Success A psychologist and new MacArthur Fellow says you need employees with stamina and tenacity above all else. 3. 10 principles of strategic leadership How to develop and retain leaders who can guide your organization through times of fundamental change. 4. Using neuroscience to make feedback work and feel better Research shows that using feedback is how organisms — and organizations — stay alive. Here’s how leaders can make the most of the anxiety-producing process. 5. 10 principles of organization design These fundamental guidelines, drawn from experience, can help you reshape your organization to fit your business strategy. See also “ A guide to organization design .” Sign up for newsletters Sign up for the digital issue Follow s+b on LinkedIn Follow s+b on X Follow s+b on Facebook Gets updates via RSS s+b on the Apple App store s+b on the Google Play store All topics Business books Climate & sustainability Consumer & retail Energy Entertainment & media Healthcare Inside the mind of the CxO Leadership Manufacturing Reinvention & transformation Strategy Tech & innovation The s+b 10 principles collection Thought leaders Value creation Workforce Young profs The issue Current issue Past issues Sign up The podcast Current episode Site links About s+b FAQs Permissions Terms of use Privacy statement PwC website Strategy& website Contact s+b Contact webmaster Cookie preferences ©2025 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Strategy+business is published by certain member firms of the PwC network. Articles published in strategy+business do not necessarily represent the views of the member firms of the PwC network. Reviews and mentions of publications, products, or services do not constitute endorsement or recommendation for purchase. Mentions of Strategy& refer to the global team of practical strategists that is integrated within the PwC network of firms. For more about Strategy&, see www.strategyand.pwc.com . No reproduction is permitted in whole or part without written permission of PwC. “ Strategy+business ” is a trademark of PwC.