Homepage — Streetsblog USA Skip to Content Log In Menu Search Search Walking Bicycling Transit Micromobility Car culture Federal Policy Mobility Justice About Us Staff & Board Donate to Streetsblog Write For Streetsblog USA or Submit a Tip Job Listings (Including with Us!) Contact Us List an event on Streetsblog USA Log In Streetsblog USA Facebook Streetsblog USA X (formerly Twitter) Streetsblog USA Instagram Streetsblog USA LinkedIn Streetsblog USA Bluesky NYC MASS LA SF CAL CHI Donate Year In Review Year in Review: What Gave Us Hope in a Dark 2025 Streetsblog Today's Headlines Tuesday’s Headlines Pay Your Own Way Blake Aued Promoted Archives Streetsblog Streetsblog Joins Campaign for Public Financing of Non-Profit Media Year In Review Year in Review: Here’s the Bad News from 2025 Two words: Trump 2.0. Streetsblog December 29, 2025 Food Justice Opinion: Why Urbanists Should Support Plant-Forward Policies Your plate is political, just like your choice to pedal instead of drive. And often, transportation and food politics have powerful intersections. Alex Cragun Promoted Archives Promoted Don’t Believe the Hype: NJ Turnpike Widening Still Happening Gov. Murphy's late revision will just move the problem around, advocates say. This week's headlines Today's Headlines Monday’s Headlines Go to Infinity and Beyond! A new NASA administrator lets Sean Duffy get back to the his main job, pulling funding for anything not involving cars. Blake Aued Streetsblog Thursday’s Headlines: Merry Christmas Edition We're off today, and we wish you a very Merry Christmas! Streetsblog Today's Headlines Wednesday’s Headlines Have a Clean Background Uber isn't doing everything it can to keep violent felons out of the driver's seat, according to the New York Times. Blake Aued Streetsblog Massachusetts Daily headlines Tuesday’s Headlines Let the Kids Cross Waymos have adopted a dangerous habit of human drivers: swerving to get around stopped school buses. Subscribe to our DAILY EMAIL DIGEST Email Sign up Technology Opinion: Can AI Help Stop Car Crashes Before They Happen? Proactive safety planning can save more lives than waiting until after crashes kill. But what's the proper role of technology in identifying future hot spots? Tal Kreisler Streetsblog California E-bikes Scofflaw Manufacturers Could Be The Downfall of E-bikes If illegal e-motorcycles are the downfall of legitimate e-bikes, manufacturers and retailers should look themselves in the eye, not blame it on their customers. Promoted Archives Buses Failure of Electric Bus System Means Pollution Will Continue in NYC The Adams administration gives a major bus company a reprieve from idling laws — because battery-powered systems apparently don't exist yet. Buses This Holiday Travel Season, It’s Time to End the Stigma Around Intercity Buses "The future of travel is not about choosing one mode over another. It is about building a balanced, interconnected system where buses, trains, planes, and cars complement each other." Kai Boysan Federal Policy New Bill Would Help ‘REPAIR’ America’s Worst Infrastructure — By Reimagining It For People The concept of "reconnecting communities" torn apart by federal infrastructure has come under fire by GOP leaders in Washington. This Senator says it's time to renew the program anyway — and more than triple its funding. Kea Wilson Streetsblog Monday’s Headlines Belong to All of Us The success of car-free streets depends on how well they foster community connections. Streetsblog San Francisco Amtrak Friday Video: The Secret History of Amtrak’s Mardi Gras Service ...and what it means for new passenger rail service across America. Today's Headlines Friday’s Headlines Walk the Line If you're a capitalist, the market says there's a premium for living in a walkable neighborhood. So why not supply more to meet demand? Blake Aued Talking Headways Talking Headways Podcast: Fighting to Win Carter Lavin talks with Jeff Wood about the necessity of messy politics in obtaining street safety. Jeff Wood Promoted Archives Streetsblog Streetsblog’s ‘Car-Free Carolers’ Bring the Joy, Mirth and Ho-Ho-Hope to this Holiday Season Streetsblog's singers are back, belting out their parody classics to make a serious point: New York's roadways don't have to be dangerous places for kids and lungs, but can be joyous spaces for people to walk around, shop, eat or just ... hang out. See all posts Covering the movement to end car dependency and improve biking, walking and transit in America. Stay in touch Sign up for our free newsletter Email Sign up Streetsblog USA Facebook Streetsblog USA X (formerly Twitter) Streetsblog USA Instagram Streetsblog USA LinkedIn Streetsblog USA Bluesky Basics About Us Staff & Board Donate to Streetsblog Write For Streetsblog USA or Submit a Tip Job Listings (Including with Us!) Contact Us List an event on Streetsblog USA NYC MASS LA SF CAL CHI Donate © Copyright 2025 Made in partnership with Lede