American Stroke Association Skip to main content English Stroke Symptoms Volunteer ShopHeart Donate Donate Search About Stroke Life After Stroke Help and Support Healthy Living Professionals Get Involved Stroke Symptoms English English Español Seasonal Meals: Simpler and More Enjoyable After a stroke, holiday cooking can feel like a big challenge. Our how-to videos share easy tips, clever shortcuts, and assistive ideas to help you savor the fun of preparing festive meals and celebrating with loved ones. Check out our Meal Preparation video Your stroke is yours alone. But help and support from our trained specialists is just a click away. Request Live Chat Heart and Stroke Helper ™ Free Mobile App Your healthy future starts now. Our Heart and Stroke Helper app provides resources and support after stroke. Manage your medications and control your risk factors all in one place. You’ve got this! Download the Heart and Stroke Helper app 5X Match to Give Families More Time Make your tax-deductible year-end gift today. Every dollar is 5X MATCHED to help create more moments, more holidays, more life for families facing a stroke. Donate Now For Patients and Caregivers: Stroke Warning Signs Recognize the warning signs and call 9-1-1 immediately. This can make the difference between a strong recovery and disability or even death. Learn the stroke warning signs Stroke Prevention Whole body wellness can help you feel stronger, healthier and mentally sharp – and it can also reduce your stroke risk. Take charge of your health Stroke Recovery There is life – and hope – after stroke. With time, new routines will become second nature. Rehabilitation can build your strength, capability and confidence. Get started after stroke For Healthcare Professionals: Cryptogenic Stroke Our updated Healthcare Professional Guide can help diagnose the underlying reason for cryptogenic stroke and tailor prevention plans for your patients. Get the Cryptogenic Stroke Guide EMS Routing Consensus recommendations can help ensure acute stroke patients are triaged to the facility. Learn more about EMS routing Secondary Prevention Our May 2021 Guideline provides clinicians with the latest evidence-based recommendations for preventing another stroke. Learn more about secondary stroke prevention By learning the F.A.S.T. warning signs, you just might save a life from stroke. Learn more about the symptoms of stroke Face Drooping Does one side of the face droop or is it numb? Ask the person to smile. Is the person's smile uneven? Arm Weakness Is one arm weak or numb? Ask the person to raise both arms. Does one arm drift downward? Speech Is speech slurred? Is the person unable to speak or hard to understand? Ask the person to repeat a simple sentence, like "The sky is blue." Time to Call 9-1-1 Check the time so you'll know when the first symptoms appeared. In the News The latest in stroke and brain health news Read more stroke related news Mar 12, 2025 What do we mean by “brain health” and why should you care about it? What do we mean by “brain health” and why should you care about it? Mar 12, 2025 What to expect when you become a caregiver – and how to cope with the challenges Nov 20, 2025 Veteran’s children rally to care for him after a stroke Nov 7, 2025 Did you hear the one about the college student who had a stroke, then did stand-up comedy? Oct 29, 2025 Want to prevent another stroke? Start moving – safely Oct 27, 2025 Aphasia and Stroke This common post-stroke language disorder affects the ability to communicate, causing frustration and confusion. Treatment and strategies can help – check out our fact sheets, tips and other resources. Learn about treatment and strategies Stroke Support Groups Connect with others with similar experiences, learn helpful information and help ease the depression and isolation that’s common after stroke. Use our support group finder for a list of groups near you. Find a support group CycleNation Energizing a nation to get brain and heart healthy through the power of the bicycle. Register Now! Be a stroke hero. Donate today. Your gift contributes to breakthrough research, advocacy, and more lives saved from heart disease and stroke! Donate Today Stroke Video Gallery 00:30 Watch Video Spot a Stroke F.A.S.T. | Actresses Susan Lucci and Jennie Garth, NBA player Paul George, and NFL player Bobby Wagner share their personal connection to stroke. Honor someone you love by learning the stroke warning signs with F.A.S.T. 00:58 Watch Video Managing Spasticity Post-Stroke | This poorly understood post-stroke condition causes stiff or rigid muscles, negatively impacting daily activities and quality of life. Talk to your health care professional about treatment and management options. 00:15 Watch Video F.A.S.T. Can Save Lives | A stroke can happen at any age. Learn how to spot a stroke F.A.S.T. – if you see F ace drooping, A rm weakness, or S peech difficulty, it’s T ime to call 911. 3:00 Watch Video Stroke Survivor - Michael Johnson | The Olympian sprinter shares his stroke survivor journey. 1:44 Watch Video Recognize Stroke F.A.S.T. | Anyone can have a stroke and everyone should be prepared. It’s a matter of knowing what to do, taking action and spreading the word. By learning and sharing the F.A.S.T. warning signs, you just might save a life from stroke. 2:48 Watch Video F.A.S.T. Song - Stroke Signs | Hip Hop Artist Dee-1 and Tha Hip Hop Doc Rani Whitfield, M.D., collaborated on a song for the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association for World Stroke Day 2015, to teach the warning signs of stroke. Sign up for the Together to End Stroke ® newsletter Stay informed on the latest stroke news and resources. As a thank-you, you’ll get instant access to a FREE mini cookbook! First Name (required) Last Name (required) Email (required) Zip Code (required) By clicking the sign up button you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . Contact ID Form ID Form Name Form Submission Date Form URL Campaign Content Campaign Source Campaign Medium Stroke Family Warmline: 1-888-4-STROKE or 1-888-478-7653 Monday-Friday: 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m. CST Stroke.org/speakwithus *All health/medical information on this website has been reviewed and approved by the American Heart Association, based on scientific research and American Heart Association guidelines. Find more information on our content editorial process . Contact Us National Center 7272 Greenville Ave. Dallas, TX 75231 Customer Service 1-800-242-8721 Contact Us Hours Monday - Friday: 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. CT Saturday: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. CT Closed on Sundays Tax Identification Number 13-5613797 About Us About Us About the American Stroke Association Annual Report AHA Financial Information Careers International Programs Latest Heart and Stroke News AHA/ASA Media Newsroom Get Involved Get Involved Donate Now Make a Memorial Gift Ways to Give Advocate Volunteer ShopHeart ShopCPR Our Sites Our Sites American Heart Association CPR & ECC Professional Heart Daily More Sites Careers Privacy Policy Medical Advice Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Copyright Policy Ethics Policy Conflict of Interest Policy Linking Policy Whistleblower Policy Content Editorial Guidelines Suppliers & Providers State Fundraising Notices Cookie Settings ©2025 American Heart Association, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited. The American Heart Association is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. *Red Dress ™ DHHS, Go Red ™ AHA ; National Wear Red Day® is a registered trademark. × This link is provided for convenience only and is not an endorsement of either the linked-to entity or any product or service. Proceed