StrongVPN.com - Providing high speed, unthrottled bandwidth, multiple countries VPN accounts for over 100,000 users. Since 1995. | StrongVPN What is a VPN Plans VPN Apps Blog Help Account Join Now Internet freedom is just a click away Unlock the internet with a secure US VPN, founded over 18 years ago Get StrongVPN Pay using Featured in: Choose Your VPN Plan With StrongVPN, you'll have exclusive access to all the benefits of the strongest VPN in the industry. See which plan meets your needs: Save 66% Monthly Plan $ 11.99/mo Choose This Plan Save 66% Annual Plan $ 3.97/mo First year billed $47.69 Choose This Plan 30-day money-back guarantee What is a VPN? A VPN (Virtual Private Network) is a tool that allows you to navigate the full internet without ISPs, or third parties blocking your traffic. The service funnels your internet connection through an encrypted tunnel while masking your true IP address and location. Access social media sites - Facebook, Instagram, X (Twitter), TikTok, etc. View key data sources - Wikipedia, GitHub, Google, ChatGPT, etc. Use communication apps - WhatsApp, Telegram, Skype, Signal, etc. Watch streaming videos - YouTube, Vimeo, Twitch, Dailymotion, etc. Why StrongVPN? American VPN, established in 2005 Apps for Windows, macOS, Android & iOS 30-day money-back guarantee (Annual plan only) Secure OpenVPN protocol with obfuscation Zero logging of traffic and browsing activity Up to 12 simultaneous connections Frequently Asked Questions How do you use StrongVPN? All it takes is one click to use StrongVPN and stay secure. After you sign up for an account and download our desktop and/or mobile app for your device, select one of our secure server locations to connect to. Once you click “Connect,” all of your internet traffic will be private and unreadable to outsiders. How many devices can I use with StrongVPN? You can connect up to 12 devices simultaneously with a single StrongVPN subscription. To connect more devices, you can also use a VPN router. This allows you to connect all devices in your house with just one VPN connection. Does StrongVPN work in China? StrongVPN offers a VPN service in China through the OpenVPN and IKEv2 protocols. If you experience any issues connecting to the service, please contact our Chinese-speaking support team. Over 2,000 Reviews See why our customers love StrongVPN. Trustpilot Our Guarantee × Not sure if StrongVPN is the right fit for you? Enjoy our service risk-free with our 30-day money-back guarantee. Access full suite of StrongVPN features Available for Annual plan If you’re not completely satisﬁed with StrongVPN, we promise a full refund as long as your request is made within the first 30 days of signing up*. Your satisfaction is important to us. Get started today to enjoy 30 days of VPN protection completely risk-free! * Restrictions apply. Our Services VPN Apps Best VPN for Mac Best VPN for iOS Best VPN for Android Best VPN for Windows VPN Routers Kodi VPN Fire Stick VPN Fire TV VPN VPN Servers Learn More What Is VPN? VPN Uses VPN Protocols VPN Regions Free vs Paid VPN Streaming VPN Gaming VPN Interact Join Now Blog Coupons Affiliates About VPN Plans About Us Jobs Policies Export Policy Press Money-Back Guarantee Help Support System Status Account Contact Us Accessibility Vulnerability Disclosure Program Trustpilot 114 5th Ave New York, NY 10011 © 2019– 2024 Strong Technology, LLC, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. StrongVPN is a registered trademark of Strong Technology, LLC. "WireGuard" is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld. $3.97 Warning! You have JavaScript disabled or your browser doesn’t support it. Some features, like the navigation button, won’t be available.