Study Island | Edmentum Products & Services Study Island K–12 [state]-standards-aligned practice, test prep, and assessments in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and achieve accountability metrics. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Products & Services Study Island K–12 California Content Standards-aligned practice, CAASPP, SAT®, ACT®, and GED test prep, and assessments in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and build testing confidence for all learners. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Products & Services Study Island K–12 Georgia Standards of Excellence-aligned practice, Georgia Milestones, EOCs, and SAT®/ACT® test prep and assessments in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and build testing confidence for all learners. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Products & Services Study Island K–12 Illinois Learning Standards-aligned practice, IAR and ACT® test prep, and assessments in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and build testing confidence for all learners. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Products & Services Study Island K–12 Michigan Academic Standards-standards-aligned practice, M-Step, MME, SAT®, and ACT® prep, and assessments to advance grade-level proficiency in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and build testing confidence for all learners. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Products & Services Study Island K–12 New York State Standards-aligned practice, NYSTP, Regents Exams, SAT®, and ACT® test prep, and assessments in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and build testing confidence for all learners. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Products & Services Study Island K–12 TEKS-aligned practice, STAAR®, SAT®, and ACT® test prep, and assessments in math, ELA, science, and social studies to advance grade-level proficiency and build testing confidence for all learners. Improve mastery and retention of grade-level standards Marzano Research verified student growth in 30 minutes a week Increase achievement on assessments per ESSA Tier II evidence Get a Quote Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Make instruction more effective Educators spend countless hours of limited instructional time developing and grading formative assessments to ensure students are meeting grade-level expectations and are ready for test day. Study Island provides ready-to-assign practice, assessments, and dynamic data to efficiently identify individual and whole-class standards gaps so teachers can focus on impactful instruction. Download the Brochure Our evidence—your impact Third-party studies show using Study Island significantly increases core content achievement and raises scores on high-stakes assessments like NWEA® MAP® Growth™. Hear how Walton County School District turned one of the lowest performing schools in the district into the highest performing school in the state. Your browser does not support the video tag. K–12 practice and assessment Explore our comprehensive K–12 math, ELA, science, and social studies programs aligned to [state] standards, the Common Core State Standards (CCSS), and the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS). Core content programs to increase standards proficiency Predictive PSSA and Keystone Benchmarks inform powerful teaching strategies College- and career-ready programs to prep for ACT®, SAT®, and GED® exams Your browser does not support the video tag. K–12 practice and assessment Explore our comprehensive K–12 math, ELA, science, and social studies programs aligned to [state] standards, the Common Core State Standards (CCSS), and the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS). Core content programs to increase standards proficiency National and state-aligned Benchmarks inform powerful teaching strategies College- and career-ready programs to prep for ACT®, SAT®, and GED® exams Explore Our Catalog Your browser does not support the video tag. Standards practice and test prep Lead all students to grade-level proficiency and test success with ready-to-assign state standards practice and test prep. Educators deploy Study Island assignments and assessments, flash cards, virtual labs, and gamified practice to capture standards-specific student-needs data and differentiate instruction. NWEA® MAP® Growth™ scores can be used to auto-generate targeted practice for each student and accelerate progress. Tools to save time and drive achievement Fast-track student success in math, ELA, science, and social studies with Study Island teaching and learning tools. Build standards proficiency with independent practice Deliver independent practice using state-standards-aligned assignments pulling from over 600,000 items, including 14 technology-enhanced item types. Make learning fun with built-in teacher tools Launch live, collaborative practice with Group Sessions and access an extensive library of videos, virtual labs, printables, and PBL activities. Differentiate instruction with the Sensei dashboard Quickly see performance and progress on topics and standards, drill into individual student results, and even assign additional practice with Sensei. Strengthen instruction with interim assessments Leverage achievement data from ready-made benchmarks built from state-assessment blueprints or create and share custom tests with Test Builder. Ready to get started? Get a quote today. Get a Quote Success without boundaries Study Island’s comprehensive content, teacher tools, and balanced assessment are helping educators bridge the gap to student success across the world. “There was a direct correlation to the growth of those schools that used Study Island with fidelity and used it often.” Russell Hughes, Superintendent Walton County School District, DeFuniak Springs, Florida Solutions to accomplish more Increase your capacity for K–12 intervention, 6–12 concept recovery, and one-on-one tutoring. Exact Path The most effective K–12 system uniting AI-powered diagnostic assessments and personalized curricula for proficiency and growth to accelerate achievement in math, reading, and language arts. Assessments & Intervention Product Details Tutorials Pretest-driven concept recovery to help grade 6–12 students catch up and find success in the courses they’re taking and the tests they’re preparing for. Assessments & Intervention Product Details Grading Service High-quality K-12 grading and student feedback provided by expert virtual grading assistants, letting your teachers focus on what they do best—teaching. Instructional Services Product Details Footer Solutions Course Credit Intervention Virtual Learning College & Career Readiness Math Achievement Reading & Comprehension Test Readiness Multilingual Access Summer School Curricula Catalog Products & Services MajorClarity NEW Courseware Apex Courses Courseware Elementary NEW Exact Path Apex Tutorials Study Island EdOptions Academy Virtual Tutoring Apex Learning Professional Services Curricula Catalog Research & Impact Efficacy Research Psychometric Research Foundational Research State & Agency Approvals Customer Stories Resources Workbooks Toolkits Articles Events & Webinars About Leadership Newsroom Careers Technical Support Integrations Product Releases Status Get a Quote Contact Us Brand Guidelines Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Terms of Use Florida Disclosure Statement Data Preferences © Edmentum, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Instagram Linkedin Youtube X