STV Player | Everything that’s on STV plus a whole lot more STV Homepage Home Live Categories Schedule My shows Menu Drama 2 series It’ll keep happening until they find him. A body by the river. A missing university student. A house in the woods. Time running out. Watch Now Drama 8 Episodes Sex, secrets and gun-slinging huns! Don’t miss this addictive U.S drama about a city housewife who falls in with an East Texan socialite’s killer clique. Watch Now Drama 4 series Officers Nick Barron and Ben Chartier patrol the urban sprawl of downtown's 19th Precinct in Cruiser No. 2. Watch Now Stream LIVE on your favourite devices Motherwell v Celtic Motherwell and Celtic look to finish the year on a high as they meet in this William Hill Premiership clash at Fir Park. Watch Live Drama 6 Episodes A race against time, a deadly flight. A dedicated DC is drawn into a dangerous conspiracy. Catch up before Series 2 drops on 1st Jan. Watch Now Drama 2 series It’ll keep happening until they find him. A body by the river. A missing university student. A house in the woods. Time running out. Watch Now Drama 8 Episodes Sex, secrets and gun-slinging huns! Don’t miss this addictive U.S drama about a city housewife who falls in with an East Texan socialite’s killer clique. Watch Now Featured Midsomer Murders Drama Inspector Barnaby investigates murder mysteries in the sleepy village of Midsomer. My list Midsomer Murders The Steamie Drama Tony Roper's tragicomedy set in a wash-house on Hogmanay 1953. My list The Steamie Top Gun Movie Cocky pilot Maverick competes at the elite Top Gun school, facing rivalry and tragedy. My list Top Gun The Masked Singer Christmas Special Entertainment A festive special of everyone's favourite guessing game! My list The Masked Singer Christmas Special Significant Others Drama When a mother goes missing at sea, her family faces hard questions and harsher truths. My list Significant Others Ant and Dec's Limitless Win Entertainment Ant and Dec host the quiz that has the biggest cash prize in British TV history. My list Ant and Dec's Limitless Win The Royal Variety Performance Entertainment Jason Manford hosts the 2025 edition of the event. My list The Royal Variety Performance Super-Pumped: The Battle for Uber Drama Uber's rapid rise, ruthless culture, and scandals lead to major upheaval in leadership. My list Super-Pumped: The Battle for Uber Murder One Drama The cases are scandalous and high profile, the suspects are glamorous and well known. My list Murder One Watch Live LIVE Midsomer Murders 8:30pm - 10:30pm Midsomer Murders 8:30pm - 10:30pm STV +1 Midsomer Murders 9:30pm - 11:30pm Midsomer Murders 9:30pm - 11:30pm SPFL: Motherwell v Celtic 7:30pm - 10:30pm SPFL: Motherwell v Celtic 7:30pm - 10:30pm NHL Tonight: Top 20 Centers 9:00pm - 10:00pm NHL Tonight: Top 20 Centers 9:00pm - 10:00pm LALIGA: Levante v Real Sociedad 9:00pm - 11:00pm LALIGA: Levante v Real Sociedad 9:00pm - 11:00pm Top Picks 19-2 Drama Experience the chaotic, violent and dangerous day-to-day of Montreal's Station 19. My list 19-2 The Hunting Wives Drama Sex, secrets and gun-slinging huns! Don't miss this addictive U.S drama. My list The Hunting Wives Torvill and Dean: The Last Dance Factual Legendary ice dancers Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean embark on their final tour My list Torvill and Dean: The Last Dance Red Eye Drama Series 2 Coming 1st Jan. The thriller returns as attacks hit the US Embassy and MI5. My list Red Eye You Bet! On Tour Entertainment Stephen Mulhern travels across the UK to find people taking on extraordinary challenges. My list You Bet! On Tour Bullseye Christmas Special Entertainment Freddie Flintoff hosts one of the UK's most successful and best-loved family game shows. My list Bullseye Christmas Special Moonlighting Drama Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd are on the case - with off the charts chemistry. My list Moonlighting Hidden (Craith) Drama Detectives investigate after a young woman's body is discovered along a river... My list Hidden (Craith) Changing Ends Drama The hit comedy returns as young Alan Carr navigates the awkward teen years! My list Changing Ends Nurses Who Kill Factual They are the angels who patrol the wards. The men and women we trust with our lives... My list Nurses Who Kill Trigger Point Drama Lana and her team are back to investigate a suspected bomb threat. My list Trigger Point Burden of Truth Drama Lawyer Joanna returns to her hometown to discover a strange illness plaguing teen girls. My list Burden of Truth Festive Viewing Fletchers' Family Farm at Christmas Factual Kelvin Fletcher and his family leave their Wincle farm behind for a festive holiday. My list Fletchers' Family Farm at Christmas Wheel of Fortune Christmas Special Entertainment Graham Norton hosts a festive special as dad and daughter Craig and Erin - and mum and daughter duos Sue and Kaye and Sheesh and Suki - compete to win 50,000 pounds. Wheel of Fortune Christmas Special 1. Christmas Special John and Lisa's Christmas Kitchen Lifestyle John and Lisa whip up festive dishes and smart hosting tips for a joyful Christmas. My list John and Lisa's Christmas Kitchen Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? Entertainment Settle in for a festive edition where famous faces - including Celebrity Traitor Joe Marler and comedian Katherine Ryan - join Jeremy Clarkson. Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? Christmas Special. Fri 26 Dec Romesh Ranganathan's Parents' Evening Entertainment Romesh Ranganathan hosts a festive special as famous faces Josh Widdicombe, Motsi Mabusi, and Larry and George Lamb compete for charity. Romesh Ranganathan's Parents' Evening 6. Christmas Special Royal Carols: Together at Christmas Entertainment HRH The Princess of Wales hosts a special Christmas carol service at Westminster Abbey with festive musical performances, touching readings, and inspiringly warm films. Royal Carols: Together at Christmas 2025 Christmas Carols on ITV Entertainment Myleene Klass hosts a traditional Christmas Eve celebration. My list Christmas Carols on ITV The Chase: Celebrity Specials Entertainment Bradley Walsh presents as comedian Lucy Porter, radio and TV presenter Colin Murray, Strictly vocalist Tommy Blaize and actor Asim Chaudhry face five Chasers. The Chase: Celebrity Specials 24/12/2025 Christmas Special Red One Movie Festive action-adventure comedy film. The North Pole's head of security must save Santa. My list Red One Ainsley's Festive Flavours Lifestyle Ainsley Harriott throws open the kitchen doors and welcomes friends old and new. My list Ainsley's Festive Flavours Inside Marks and Spencer at Christmas Factual Behind the scenes at Marks and Spencer as the all-important Christmas countdown begins. My list Inside Marks and Spencer at Christmas Capital's Jingle Bell Ball 2025 Entertainment Highlights from the UK's biggest Christmas party at The O2. My list Capital's Jingle Bell Ball 2025 2025's Biggest Shows Moonlighting Drama Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd are on the case - with off the charts chemistry. My list Moonlighting Protection Drama Crime, corruption and shattered lives - a gripping new thriller with Siobhan Finneran. My list Protection Burden of Truth Drama Lawyer Joanna returns to her hometown to discover a strange illness plaguing teen girls. My list Burden of Truth Playing Nice Drama Two couples face a dilemma when they discover their toddlers were switched at birth. My list Playing Nice Exile Drama Tom Ronstadt, whose life is ruined, flees to his hometown for the first time in 18 years. My list Exile I Fought the Law Drama The story of Ann Ming and her fight to change the double jeopardy law. My list I Fought the Law Manhunt: Unabomber Drama One elusive mail bomber. No significant leads. 35,000 words. The clock is ticking. My list Manhunt: Unabomber Code of Silence Drama A deaf waitress with lip-reading abilities is pulled into an elaborate investigation. My list Code of Silence Shots Fired Drama Two racially-charged shootings challenge the promise of liberty and justice for all. My list Shots Fired Coldwater Drama A quaint Scottish town hides sinister secrets. My list Coldwater The Entertainment Hub sponsored by Sky Broadband The 1% Club Entertainment Lee Mack hosts the quiz show where 100 contestants compete to win a up to 100,000 pounds. My list The 1% Club The Royal Variety Performance Entertainment Jason Manford hosts the 2025 edition of the event. My list The Royal Variety Performance Accidental Tourist Entertainment Stephen Mulhern leaves his comfort zone as Ant and Dec send him to South Korea. My list Accidental Tourist It'll Be Alright on the Night Entertainment Tom Allen celebrates funny cock-ups from the world of entertainment. My list It'll Be Alright on the Night The Big Quiz: Coronation Street v Emmerdale Entertainment Stephen Mulhern returns hosts the titanic clash between STV's biggest soaps. My list The Big Quiz: Coronation Street v Emmerdale The 1% Club Rollover Entertainment Players tackle brain teasers to claim up to £500,000 on the 1% question. My list The 1% Club Rollover Tattoo Fixers Entertainment Some of the best British tattoo artists attempt to rectify the horrible tattoos... My list Tattoo Fixers The Chase Entertainment Quiz show hosted by Bradley Walsh. My list The Chase I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Entertainment The trials are gruelling, the meals, scarce! Find out how the celebrities are getting on. My list I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! MasterChef USA Lifestyle A nationwide search for the best home cooks in America. My list MasterChef USA Bradley and Barney Walsh: Breaking Dad Factual Actor Bradley Walsh and his son Barney are hitting the road together. My list Bradley and Barney Walsh: Breaking Dad Beat The Bridge Entertainment Who will dare to Beat the Bridge and win up to $15,000? My list Beat The Bridge Bingeworthy Shows Burden of Truth Drama Lawyer Joanna returns to her hometown to discover a strange illness plaguing teen girls. My list Burden of Truth Byker Grove Soaps Grab ya boombox an' ya baggy jeans, we're gannin' doon the Grove - howay, man! My list Byker Grove Borderline Drama Philip Boyd and Aoife Regan form an unlikely but formidable crime-fighting partnership. My list Borderline Accused Drama Each episode follows a new person accused of a crime and what led them to end up in court. My list Accused The Almighty Johnsons Drama The Johnsons are four ordinary Kiwi brothers who have inherited the powers of Norse Gods. My list The Almighty Johnsons Changing Ends Drama The hit comedy returns as young Alan Carr navigates the awkward teen years! My list Changing Ends I Fought the Law Drama The story of Ann Ming and her fight to change the double jeopardy law. My list I Fought the Law Swimming With Sharks Drama Lou is obsessed with her Hollywood boss - and she'll do whatever it takes to get close. My list Swimming With Sharks Eden Drama The disappearance of a young woman triggers a devastating chain of events... My list Eden Frauds Drama Loyalty, revenge and the lure of one last heist. Suranne Jones and Jodie Whittaker star. My list Frauds Fresh Meat Drama Fresh Meat is a British comedy-drama series by the creators of Peep Show. My list Fresh Meat Movie Night Top Gun Movie Cocky pilot Maverick competes at the elite Top Gun school, facing rivalry and tragedy. My list Top Gun Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark Movie Indiana Jones ventures to seize a biblical artefact called the Ark of the Covenant. My list Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom Movie Classic Oscar-winning action-adventure film sequel. Indiana Jones pursues a sacred rock. My list Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade Movie Indiana Jones finds himself up against the Nazis again as he pursues the Holy Grail. My list Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Movie Indiana Jones is called into action to uncover the secret behind mysterious artifacts. My list Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull The Decoy Bride Movie When the world's media descend on the remote Scottish island where a Hollywood actress... My list The Decoy Bride John Wick: Chapter 4 Movie Crime action thriller film sequel. John Wick's fight against the High Table continues. My list John Wick: Chapter 4 The Batman Movie Epic action crime drama film reboot. A superhero investigates the corruption of his home. My list The Batman Elizabeth Is Missing Movie A woman with Alzheimer's grows suspicious when her best friend fails to turn up... My list Elizabeth Is Missing Man Dancin' Drama Jimmy's out of jail, and he's a changed man. My list Man Dancin' Deadly Desire Movie Sophia's dream wedding turns sinister when friends start dying at her bachelorette party. My list Deadly Desire Lost at Christmas Drama Two strangers stranded in the Scottish Highlands bond trying to get home for Christmas. My list Lost at Christmas Trending Now Midsomer Murders Drama Inspector Barnaby investigates murder mysteries in the sleepy village of Midsomer. My list Midsomer Murders The Hunting Wives Drama Sex, secrets and gun-slinging huns! Don't miss this addictive U.S drama. My list The Hunting Wives Torvill and Dean: The Last Dance Factual Legendary ice dancers Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean embark on their final tour My list Torvill and Dean: The Last Dance Red Eye Drama Series 2 Coming 1st Jan. The thriller returns as attacks hit the US Embassy and MI5. My list Red Eye The Masked Singer Christmas Special Entertainment A festive special of everyone's favourite guessing game! My list The Masked Singer Christmas Special Top Gun Movie Cocky pilot Maverick competes at the elite Top Gun school, facing rivalry and tragedy. My list Top Gun Hidden (Craith) Drama Detectives investigate after a young woman's body is discovered along a river... My list Hidden (Craith) Fletchers' Family Farm at Christmas Factual Kelvin Fletcher and his family leave their Wincle farm behind for a festive holiday. My list Fletchers' Family Farm at Christmas The Steamie Drama Tony Roper's tragicomedy set in a wash-house on Hogmanay 1953. My list The Steamie Significant Others Drama When a mother goes missing at sea, her family faces hard questions and harsher truths. My list Significant Others Great Shows You Might Have Missed... The Victim Drama Has Anna outed her son's killer or condemned an innocent man? My list The Victim Karen Pirie Drama The relentless Scottish DI is back with a baffling new cold case. My list Karen Pirie Awake Drama After a tragic car accident, Detective Michael wakes up in two parallel universes. My list Awake Suspicion Drama Five Brits, one crime, no alibi - twisty thriller about the kidnap of a media mogul's son. My list Suspicion Protection Drama Crime, corruption and shattered lives - a gripping new thriller with Siobhan Finneran. My list Protection Playing Nice Drama Two couples face a dilemma when they discover their toddlers were switched at birth. My list Playing Nice Ridley Drama Ridley resumes his partnership with former protégée DI Carol Farman. My list Ridley Code of Silence Drama A deaf waitress with lip-reading abilities is pulled into an elaborate investigation. My list Code of Silence I Fought the Law Drama The story of Ann Ming and her fight to change the double jeopardy law. My list I Fought the Law Shardlake Drama Compelling whodunnit series. A 16th-century lawyer is sent to investigate a murder. My list Shardlake Burden of Truth Drama Lawyer Joanna returns to her hometown to discover a strange illness plaguing teen girls. My list Burden of Truth Significant Others Drama When a mother goes missing at sea, her family faces hard questions and harsher truths. My list Significant Others Premier Sports Free to Watch Highlights SPFL Match Highlights Sport Aberdeen and Dundee United meet in this William Hill Premiership match from Pittodrie Stadium. SPFL Match Highlights Aberdeen v Dundee United. Sat 27 Dec URC Match Highlights Sport Edinburgh and Glasgow Warriors battle it out in this deciding 1872 Cup showdown at Scottish Gas Murrayfield Stadium. URC Match Highlights Edinburgh v Glasgow Warriors. Sat 27 Dec URC Match Highlights Sport One of rugby's greatest rivalries takes place once more as Munster and Leinster square off in this URC bout from Thomond Park. URC Match Highlights Munster v Leinster. Sat 27 Dec Top 14 Match Highlights Sport Stade Ernest-Wallon hosts this TOP 14 clash between Toulouse and La Rochelle. Top 14 Match Highlights Toulouse v La Rochelle. Sun 28 Dec Top 14 Match Highlights Sport Section Paloise and Montpellier go head-to-head in this TOP 14 match at the Stade du Hameau. Top 14 Match Highlights Pau v Montpellier. Sun 28 Dec URC Match Highlights Sport Connacht and Ulster face off in this interprovincial URC fixture at the Dexcom Stadium. URC Match Highlights Connacht v Ulster. Sat 27 Dec URC Match Highlights Sport Cardiff Rugby and Dragons meet in this all-Welsh URC clash from the Arms Park. URC Match Highlights Cardfiff v Dragons. Fri 26th Dec Top 14 Match Highlights Sport Bayonne and Stade Francais face off in this TOP 14 matchup at the Stade Jean-Dauger. Top 14 Match Highlights Bayonne v Stade Francais. Sat 27 Dec Top 14 Match Highlights Sport Clermont Auvergne and Bordeaux Begles meet in this TOP 14 clash from the Stade Marcel-Michelin. Top 14 Match Highlights Clermont v Bordeaux Begles. Sat 27 Dec URC Match Highlights Sport Zebre Parma and Benetton face off again in this URC clash of Italians at the Stadio Sergio Lanfranchi. URC Match Highlights Zebre v Parma. Sat 27 Dec URC Match Highlights Sport Scarlets take on Ospreys in a URC meeting of Welsh rivals at Parc y Scarlets. URC Match Highlights Scarlets v Ospreys. Fri 26th Dec Soaps Scotland Loves High Road Factual Celebrating 40 years of Take the High Road. Emma Cameron presents a one off special. My list Scotland Loves High Road Take The High Road Soaps The classic soap set in the fictional village of Glendarroch. My list Take The High Road Brookside Soaps The everyday life and times of the residents, friends and enemies who live. My list Brookside Byker Grove Soaps Grab ya boombox an' ya baggy jeans, we're gannin' doon the Grove - howay, man! My list Byker Grove Coronation Street Soaps Step onto the cobbles for all the drama from Weatherfield. New episodes from 7am. My list Coronation Street Red Rock Drama The uneasy truce between feuding families the Kielys and the Hennessys is about to end. My list Red Rock Emmerdale Soaps Delve into the drama from the Dales. New episodes from 7am. My list Emmerdale Shortland Street Soaps New Zealand's No.1 soap. Brand new eps every Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. My list Shortland Street Take The High Road: Millennium Special Soaps Someone is going round the village scaring the locals... My list Take The High Road: Millennium Special Revisit Moonlighting's most iconic episodes! Moonlighting Drama Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd are on the case - with off the charts chemistry. My list Moonlighting Moonlighting Drama Maddie and David are on a case that takes them to the Flamingo Cove Nightclub - once a swinging night spot, now out of business. While there, they are told about the scandalous unsolved murder that took place in the club during the 4Os. Moonlighting S2 E4: The Dream Sequence Always Rings Twice Moonlighting Drama A free-spirited con artist seeking to evade a crooked investigator accidentally becomes a heroine when she thwarts an assassination attempt on a senator. Eager to expand the Blue Moon Agency, David convinces Maddie to offer the woman a job. Moonlighting S2 E18: Camille Moonlighting Drama A shocking confession from David that he once was married sets Maddie off to dig up the intriguing truth about the ex-Mrs. Addison. Moonlighting S3 E6: Big Man on Mulberry Street Moonlighting Drama David and Maddie battle it out in iambic pentameter as literature's most combative couple, Petruchio and Katherina, in a spoof of "The Taming of the Shrew". Moonlighting S3 E7: Atomic Shakespeare Moonlighting Drama While Maddie is away, David searches for a mystery woman whose earring is the only clue to her identity. Moonlighting S4 E2: Come Back Little Shiksa Moonlighting Drama David falls for Maddie's visiting cousin Annie. Moonlighting S5 E10: When Girls Collide Darker Nights, Darker Stories Above Suspicion Drama DC Anna Travis and DCI James Langton investigate shocking crimes... My list Above Suspicion The Bad Seed Drama After raising themselves up from a desperate early childhood, two brothers find... My list The Bad Seed The Victim Drama Has Anna outed her son's killer or condemned an innocent man? My list The Victim Bon Voyage Drama A family camping holiday in France turns into every parent's worst nightmare... My list Bon Voyage Eden Drama The disappearance of a young woman triggers a devastating chain of events... My list Eden Manhunt: Deadly Games Drama Following a bombing, a security guard is horrified to find he's the FBI's prime suspect. My list Manhunt: Deadly Games Unspeakable Drama A single mum receives an anonymous text message... My list Unspeakable Coldwater Drama A quaint Scottish town hides sinister secrets. My list Coldwater Swimming With Sharks Drama Lou is obsessed with her Hollywood boss - and she'll do whatever it takes to get close. My list Swimming With Sharks Deep Water Drama After a brutal murder, two detectives uncover a series of eerily similar cold cases. My list Deep Water Manhunt: Unabomber Drama One elusive mail bomber. No significant leads. 35,000 words. The clock is ticking. My list Manhunt: Unabomber From Around The World Lioness Drama Nicole Kidman and Zoe Saldaña star in the electrifying spy thriller. My list Lioness Significant Others Drama When a mother goes missing at sea, her family faces hard questions and harsher truths. My list Significant Others 19-2 Drama Experience the chaotic, violent and dangerous day-to-day of Montreal's Station 19. My list 19-2 One Night Drama Dark secrets, broken bonds - Jodie Whittaker stars in this gripping thriller. My list One Night Star Trek: Strange New Worlds Drama Captain Pike, Science Officer Spock and Number One explore new worlds. My list Star Trek: Strange New Worlds BlackJack Drama For Detective Jack Kempson, justice means more than punishing those who commit crimes... My list BlackJack Total Control Drama Power and secrets collide in this bold political drama series. My list Total Control Eden Drama The disappearance of a young woman triggers a devastating chain of events... My list Eden Nurses Drama At St. Mary's Hospital, a fresh intake of nurses is finding out how hectic things can get. My list Nurses Deep Water Drama After a brutal murder, two detectives uncover a series of eerily similar cold cases. My list Deep Water Chronicle Mysteries Drama True crime podcaster and editor team up, solving cases and catching feelings along the way My list Chronicle Mysteries The Hunting Drama The lives of four teenagers and the community around them are rocked by a scandal. My list The Hunting Unmissable Boxsets The Catch Drama P.I. Alice Vaughan hunts down her con-man fiance. My list The Catch The Cry Drama Meg Bartlett, a social worker, kidnaps a baby she believes to be at risk. My list The Cry STV Player + Drama Subscribe to Player + My list STV Player + The Blue Rose Drama Low-level office staffers break the rules as they fight for justice in the corrupt.. My list The Blue Rose Thorne Drama David Morrissey is the compelling DI Tom Thorne in this nail-biting crime thriller. My list Thorne Hidden (Craith) Drama Detectives investigate after a young woman's body is discovered along a river... My list Hidden (Craith) The Bad Seed Drama After raising themselves up from a desperate early childhood, two brothers find... My list The Bad Seed The Indian Doctor Drama Can Prem and Kamini overcome the culture shock as they leave Delhi behind for rural Wales? My list The Indian Doctor Significant Others Drama When a mother goes missing at sea, her family faces hard questions and harsher truths. My list Significant Others Rush Drama A great doctor with bad habits - can Rush keep it together or is he in over his head? My list Rush The Sport Hub sponsored by Uber Eats The Sport Hub The STV Radio Football Show Sport Ewen Cameron and Ronnie Charters dive headfirst into the madness of Scottish football. My list The STV Radio Football Show Racing on STV Sport Francesca Cumani and Ed Chamberlin introduce live coverage. My list Racing on STV Gallagher PREM Unleashed Sport Action from the 2025-26 Gallagher PREM Rugby season. My list Gallagher PREM Unleashed EFL Carabao Cup Sport Don't miss all the exciting live action from the Carabao Cup. My list EFL Carabao Cup Motorsport UK Sport The latest coverage of exciting motorsport from around Britain. My list Motorsport UK The Scottish Football Social Club Sport Watch the latest episode of The Scottish Football Social Club. My list The Scottish Football Social Club English Football League Highlights Sport All the highlights, action and talking points from the day's EFL matches My list English Football League Highlights Champions: Full Gallop Sport Gripping docu-series exploring the high-stakes world of jump racing. My list Champions: Full Gallop Bagpipes and Bravehearts: The St Johnstone Story Factual The gritty tale of St Johnstone and a fierce fight for survival. (Advertorial) My list Bagpipes and Bravehearts: The St Johnstone Story Investigating True Crime Murder: First on Scene Factual Uncover Britain and America's most notorious murders. My list Murder: First on Scene Nurses Who Kill Factual They are the angels who patrol the wards. The men and women we trust with our lives... My list Nurses Who Kill Scammed Factual All over the world, con artists target innocent victims to separate them from their money. My list Scammed Confessions of Crime Factual Confessions of Crime takes you face to face with seemingly ordinary people whose... My list Confessions of Crime Crime Exposé With Nancy O'Dell Factual Emmy Award-winning journalist and television host Nancy O'Dell takes us on a... My list Crime Exposé With Nancy O'Dell Evidence of Evil Factual Criminal cases where technology has changed the course of the investigations. My list Evidence of Evil The Monsters of Florence Factual A 50 year old Italian cold-case travesty shrouded in mystery and deception. My list The Monsters of Florence Who is Nicholas Rossi? Factual A case of mistaken identity or a calculated cover up? My list Who is Nicholas Rossi? TikTok: Murder Gone Viral Factual True-crime series exploring three tragic murder cases, which each went viral on TikTok. My list TikTok: Murder Gone Viral Aileen - Life and Death of a Serial Killer Factual Nick Broomfield's second documentary about serial killer Aileen Wuornos. My list Aileen - Life and Death of a Serial Killer Crime Files with David Wilson Factual Leading criminologist Professor David Wilson examines society's obsession with crime. My list Crime Files with David Wilson Stalkers Who Kill Factual This docu-drama series immerses viewers into the terror of being stalked. My list Stalkers Who Kill Coorie in with Crime Midsomer Murders Drama Inspector Barnaby investigates murder mysteries in the sleepy village of Midsomer. My list Midsomer Murders Taggart Drama Gritty cop-drama set in Glasgow, Taggart ran for nearly 30 years. My list Taggart Vera Drama The obsessive crime-cracker is back! Don't miss the gripping final series. My list Vera Trial and Retribution Drama From the discovery of the crime to police investigation, then through the ensuing trial. My list Trial and Retribution Red Rock Drama The uneasy truce between feuding families the Kielys and the Hennessys is about to end. My list Red Rock The Commander Drama Commander Clare Blake is head of the serious crimes unit in the male-dominated Met. My list The Commander Grantchester Drama Reverend Will Davenport solves mysteries alongside Detective Inspector Geordie Keating. My list Grantchester Grace Drama John Simm stars as the troubled detective Roy Grace in this unsettling drama. My list Grace Rose and Maloney Drama Rose & Maloney investigate old criminal cases, seeking to rectify miscarriages of justice. My list Rose and Maloney Ridley Drama Ridley resumes his partnership with former protégée DI Carol Farman. My list Ridley The Field of Blood Drama In 1982 Glasgow, a young woman investigates mysterious murders in a world of men. My list The Field of Blood Recently Added James Martin's Saturday Morning Lifestyle James Martin presents the morning magazine show featuring plenty of hearty food. My list James Martin's Saturday Morning John and Lisa's Christmas Kitchen Lifestyle John and Lisa whip up festive dishes and smart hosting tips for a joyful Christmas. My list John and Lisa's Christmas Kitchen Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? Entertainment Settle in for a festive edition where famous faces - including Celebrity Traitor Joe Marler and comedian Katherine Ryan - join Jeremy Clarkson. Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? Christmas Special. Fri 26 Dec The Chase: Celebrity Specials Entertainment Bradley Walsh presents as comedian Lucy Porter, radio and TV presenter Colin Murray, Strictly vocalist Tommy Blaize and actor Asim Chaudhry face five Chasers. The Chase: Celebrity Specials 24/12/2025 Christmas Special The Chase: The Bloopers Entertainment Outtakes and bloopers galore, all the bits you were never meant to see. My list The Chase: The Bloopers Fletchers' Family Farm Factual Follow Emmerdale actor Kelvin Fletcher as he takes on real life farming. My list Fletchers' Family Farm Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh Lifestyle Alan Titchmarsh celebrates all that is great about the British countryside. My list Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh Ainsley's Festive Flavours Lifestyle Ainsley Harriott throws open the kitchen doors and welcomes friends old and new. My list Ainsley's Festive Flavours Sara Davies' Christmas Craft Off Entertainment Three celebs get festive design lessons from Sara Davies in a Christmas challenge. My list Sara Davies' Christmas Craft Off Fletchers' Country Workshop Lifestyle Liz Fletcher showcases her passion for upcycling and interior design in this festive show. My list Fletchers' Country Workshop STV News A&E warning as demand expected to surge over festive period Consumer festive food shopping habits changing, says industry House formerly owned by occult leader restored after fires Neil Gray hopeful agreement can be reached to stop doctor’s strike Patient harmed by disgraced surgeon lodges police complaint Charities facing ‘unprecedented’ demand this Christmas Red squirrel revival following decade-long conservation  project Green Deal homeowners freed from solar panel contracts Baby born on bus after ‘heroic’ driver acts swiftly in emergency delivery Glen Rosa ferry delivery pushed back by another six months Special Christmas party brings festive cheer to Erskine residents Parents to sue Meta after son took own life following online blackmail ‘I’ve lost all faith in the sperm donor system, it needs to change’ Bank of England cuts interests rates to 3.75% ‘Holding your breath underwater can be dangerous, my son almost died’ Charity supporting disadvantaged families thankful for community help Calls to shop local this Christmas to help out small businesses UK Government announces £125m investment in Grangemouth Constance apologises to grooming gangs expert ‘Paid assassin’ jailed for murdering gangster on Hogmanay Alternative to burial or cremation could come to Scotland next year Charity helps children with complex needs ride a bike for the first time Plans for controlled parking zone thrown out after 2,000 objections Power company to appeal council decision to reject substation plans Find More Box Sets Crime Dramas Comedy Dramas Legal Dramas Thrillers All Drama Box Sets STV Archive Categories Soaps Documentaries Entertainment News & Current Affairs Movies Food & Lifestyle True Crime Daytime Favourites Explore Collections Wonder Real Stories Real Crime History Hit Spooky Viewing Scottish Trailers | Looking for your next favourite show? Red Eye Drama/Thriller Coming Soon. The all-action thriller returns. Trigger Point Drama/Thriller The heart-pounding thriller returns. Frauds Drama/Thriller Loyalty, revenge and the lure of one last heist. The Hack Drama/Crime True crime drama about the phone hacking scandal Coldwater Drama/Thriller A quaint Scottish town hides sinister secrets. I Fought The Law Drama Sheridan Smith portrays Ann Ming. One Night Drama/Thriller Dark secrets, broken bonds. Jodie Whittaker stars. Ridley Drama/Crime Ridley’s back - retired, but never out. Karen Pirie Drama/Thriller DI Karen Pirie looks into an infamous kidnapping. Red Rock Crime/Drama Two families. Two sides. Too far to turn back. Suspicion Drama/Thriller Five Brits, one crime, no alibi. Code of Silence Drama/Crime A deaf waitress is pulled into an investigation. More from STV STV News Advice & Helplines STV Children's Appeal STV News STV Appeal Careers Advertise with STV STV Group PLC Quick Links Parental controls Help & support TV activation code Visually Signed content Audio Described content Get More STV Player+ Marketing TV Guide How to watch Competitions Information About us Contact us Privacy Terms of use Cookie policy © Copyright 2007- 2025 STV. All rights reserved. Cookie Info: To find out how to manage cookies, see our cookie policy . Follow STV on Instagram Follow STV on X Join STV on Facebook