Press Option+1 for screen-reader mode, Option+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting | New window
Skip to content
Products
Products
AI Styling

Inspirational product bundling and outfitting for every PDP.

Catalog Enrichment

Automatically clean, standardize, and enrich 1000s of products across your catalog.

AI On-Model Imagery

Create AI-generated on-model photography that feels real, looks branded, and drives conversion.

Visual Shopping

Turn every image into a product discovery opportunity with Computer Vision AI.

1:1 Shopping

Personalized product recommendations for every shopper.

AI Bundling

Transform PDPs into styled, multi-item experiences that drive AOV and UPT.

Digital Merchandising

Automate visual merchandising across your ecommerce ecosystem.

Product Discovery

Connect every shopper to the perfect outfit—automatically.

Product Recommendations

Deliver personalized product recommendations, from trending styles to perfect pairings.

Merchant Controls

Control merchandising with tools that boost performance and protect your brand.

Inspirational Commerce Platform

Stylitics' advanced solutions inspire shoppers and strengthen brand loyalty with AI technology.

Our Platform
Company
Company
About

Learn about how Stylitics provides inspiration for retailer and shoppers.

Leadership

Meet the leaders reshaping the retail industry.

Careers

Grow your career and become an Inspirational Commerce leader.

Pricing

Our pricing is customized to your catalog size, channels, and business goals.

Impact Across Teams

Stylitics drives growth, unlocks cross-functional wins, and solves critical site experience gaps.

Who We Serve
Resources
Resources
Case Studies

Blog

Press

eBooks

Glossary

A comprehensive guide to the language of retail innovation.

Do Shoppers Trust AI-Generated Images?

Download the full study and gain insight on how 400+ shoppers really feel about AI imagery in fashion ecommerce.

Download the full report
Book a demo
Take Commerce from
Transactional to 
 Inspirational

Stylitics’ Inspirational Commerce solutions deliver outfitting and product bundling across the entire shopper journey.

Inspire shoppers with great eCommerce experiences—growing sales and brand loyalty.

Learn more
Stylitics Powers
Inspirational Commerce for 175+
of the World’s Leading Retailers
What we do
Delivering Personalized Inspiration to 200M+ Shoppers Every Month
Elevate the Shopper Experience

Our patented AI Bundling technology goes beyond traditional retail approaches to curate inspiring shopper experiences that captivate and engage them from start to finish. Bring your products to life in curated product bundles, personalized to every shopper’s unique tastes.

Drive Brand Loyalty

Inspirational Commerce and Stylitics’ AI Bundling technology deliver more cohesive, richer experiences to shoppers, rewarding a retailer’s most profitable customers—boosting LTV.

Increase Share of Wallet

Differentiation is a key driver of competitive success. By building unique journeys that inspire shoppers, retailers gain more share of wallet by effectively acquiring new shoppers and retaining existing customers.

Book a demo
Results Matter
Stylitics’ Forrester TEI study highlights 563% ROI.

Stylitics commissioned Forrester Consulting to measure the ROI and added benefits realized by global retailers using bundling and outfitting technology.

Merchandising and eCommerce teams looking to create a more personalized and customer centric shopping experience can learn more by downloading the Total Economic Impact ™ Report.

Download the report
563%

average ROI over
a 3-year period

10%

average order value

+15%

increase in
conversion rate

$1M+

saved on image
processing costs

Styling at Scale

Style your entire catalog. Driving upsell and cross-sell while reducing image processing, marketing, and styling expenses.

Product bundling on every PDP curated for each shopper’s unique profile.

Showcase entire collections in coordinated product themes or bundle products across categories.

Style at scale. 100% styling coverage for your entire catalogue.

Book a demo
AI bundling
includes
Shop the Look
Bundles & Sets
Shoppable Images
Personalization
Custom Galleries
What top brands
are saying about us
Retail Apparel,
Head of digital product
“Stylitics is a great example of digital testing and innovation. There are experiences out there that we could never think about five years ago… Now we see what [Stylitics] can do and how our customers enjoy it and it benefits their experience.”
VP of digital operations,
retail apparel
“The value is being able to inspire and create head-to-toe outfits that are relevant to our customers without the overhead and operational burden that it would take for us to do something internally.

With Stylitics, we’re able to create different inspirational experiences to shop head to toe at the right touchpoints for customers.”
VP of digital operations,
retail
“People are going to buy their favorite sneaker, but we saw them adding up. We saw increases in UPT [units per transaction], conversion, and AOV when Stylitics was present. For us, it’s really driving those incremental wins and additional value.”
VP of digital operations,
retail apparel
“Stylitics has helped bring our lookbooks to life. It’s made it possible for us to bring more inspirational content to our customers and to then make that content really shoppable.”
VP of digital operations,
retail apparel
“Stylitics owns the majority of the implementation and development work on their end. It was a faster-moving implementation than a lot of third-party retailers.”
Explore More Resources
Blog
Data Enrichment
December 1, 2025
GEO Isn’t Just the Future of Search, It’s Proof That SEO Worked.
Blog
Best AI Imagery Tools for Fashion Retail
Blog
Gen AI Fashion Models: The Shortest Path to Shopper Confidence
Blog
What Are Fashion Product Attributes? Why They Matter in 2026
Get shopper insights
right in your inbox.
Products
Platform
AI Styling
Visual Shopping
1:1 Shopping
Product Catalog Enrichment
Product Recommendations
Product Discovery
AI Bundling
Digital Merchandising
Company
About Us
Careers
Contact
Pricing
Resources
Blog
Press
Case Studies
eBooks
Glossary

© 2025 Stylitics - All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Terms & Conditions
Information on the Use of Cookies
This website uses first-party or third-party cookies to maintain the session, personalize the user experience, and obtain statistical browsing data. You can select "Accept All Cookies" or you can choose "Reject Optional Cookies" to disable all but essential cookies. You can also select "Manage Cookies" to view and customize your cookie settings. Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies Reject Optional Cookies
Your Privacy Choices