Download Buy Support  News Forum
Text Editing, Done Right
DOWNLOAD FOR MAC
 Sublime Text 4 (Build 4200) See What's New
Dark
Light
Windows
Mac
Linux
Effortlessly Split Panes and Navigate Between Code
   
Effortlessly Split Panes and Navigate Between Code
With the new Tab Multi-Select functionality, tabs become first-class citizens in the interface. A simple modifier when performing actions will split the interface to show multiple tabs at once. Works with the side bar, tab bar, Goto Anything and more!
What’s New

Sublime Text 4 is packed with new features and enhancements, including:

GPU RENDERING

Sublime Text can now utilize your GPU on Linux, Mac and Windows when rendering the interface. This results in a fluid UI all the way up to 8K resolutions, all while using less power than before.

APPLE SILICON AND LINUX ARM64

Sublime Text for Mac now includes native support for Apple Silicon processors. Linux ARM64 builds are also available for devices like the Raspberry Pi.

TAB MULTI-SELECT

File tabs have been enhanced to make split views effortless, with support throughout the interface and built-in commands. The side bar, tab bar, Goto Anything, Goto Definition, auto complete and more have all been tweaked to make code navigation easier and more intuitive than ever.

CONTEXT-AWARE AUTO COMPLETE

The auto complete engine has been rewritten to provide smart completions based on existing code in a project. Suggestions are also augmented with info about their kind, and provide links to definitions.

REFRESHED UI

The Default and Adaptive themes have been refreshed with new tab styles and inactive pane dimming. Themes and Color Schemes support auto dark-mode switching. The Adaptive theme on Windows and Linux now features custom title bars.

TYPESCRIPT, JSX AND TSX SUPPORT

Support for one of the most popular new programming languages is now shipped by default. Utilize all of the smart syntax-based features of Sublime Text within the modern JavaScript ecosystem.

SUPERPOWERED SYNTAX DEFINITIONS

The syntax highlighting engine has been significantly improved, with new features like handling non-deterministic grammars, multi-line constructs, lazy embeds and syntax inheritance. Memory usage has been reduced, and load times are faster than ever.

UPDATED PYTHON API

The Sublime Text API has been updated to Python 3.8, while keeping backwards compatibility with packages built for Sublime Text 3. The API has been significantly expanded, adding features that allow plugins like LSP to work better than ever. To learn more, read the revamped documentation.

Meet the Sublime Family
Sublime Text

The sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose

DOWNLOAD
Sublime Merge

A cross-platform Git client, done the Sublime Text way

FIND OUT MORE
DOWNLOAD

© Sublime HQ Pty Ltd

Woollahra, Sydney.

Follow @sublimehq