Sweet, Simple, & From-Scratch Dessert Recipes: Sugar Spun Run Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Home Recipes About Me Contact Subscribe Search All Recipes Desserts Cookies Candy Bars & Brownies Cake Pies Breads (Yeast & Quick Breads) Savory Breakfast Muffins Scones Seasonal Cozy Winter / Holiday Treats Easter / Spring Fall Recipes Summer Recipes Shop menu icon subscribe search icon Search Home Recipe Index About Me Contact/Work with Me Subscribe Shop × Sweet, Simple, & From-Scratch Dessert Recipes Learn to create and share delicious dessert, cake, cookie, cupcake and drink recipes in your home from-scratch with easy-to-find ingredients AND little effort. Food never tasted so good! The Latest Recipes See what’s new around here! My carefully tested & perfected from-scratch recipes are always guaranteed to impress! Pink Champagne Cake Chocolate Peppermint Thumbprint Cookies Cranberry Orange Cake The Ultimate Loaded Hashbrown Casserole Recipe Best Christmas Cookies Recipes Find Recipes For… Cookies Cake Bars & Brownies Savory Hey There, I’m Sam! Resident sugar-fiend and your new baking bff. I left my former life as a researcher to study the art of making carefully tested, well-researched (of course), and perfected desserts (and a few savory dishes, too!) and never looked back. Welcome to my sweet little corner of the internet! Take a look around, I think you’ll find something you like! READ MORE ABOUT ME Cookies If there’s one thing I pride myself in, it’s my cookies! Carefully tested and perfected, my easy cookie recipes are guaranteed to be the highlight of any cookie tray or bake sale. Almond Crescent Cookies No Chill Cookie Recipes Cornflake Cookies Pecan Pie Cookies More Cookies Cakes Ever wanted to make bakery-perfect cakes in the comfort of your own kitchen? Check out my collection of perfected cake recipes, where I walk you through all of my tips and tricks and show you how to make great cakes from scratch at home! The BEST Chocolate Cake Recipe Tiramisu Cake Homemade Dirt Cake Recipe Sourdough Chocolate Cake More Cakes Bars & Brownies I have a feeling that my favorite cookie bars and brownie recipes are about to be your new favorite recipes! Buttery, chewy, and (in some cases) richly chocolatey, these bars and brownie recipes are favorites in my household, and I think they will be in yours, too! Peppermint Bark Brownies Pumpkin Pie Bars Fudgy Homemade Brownies from Scratch The Best Rice Krispie Treats Recipe More Bars & Brownies Savory Need something hearty and comforting for dinner or for a potluck? I’ve got you covered with my favorite well-tested, award-winning savory recipes! Garlic Bread Dinner Rolls The Best Mashed Potatoes Recipe (Creamiest Ever!) Creamy Mushroom Chicken Easy Chicken Enchiladas More Savory Primary Sidebar Hi, I'm Sam! I'm dedicated to bringing you sweet, simple, and from-scratch dessert recipes. My life may or may not be controlled by my sweet tooth.  Send help (or chocolate). Read more about me. Christmas Cookies: Coal Cookies Italian Cookies Spritz Cookies Linzer Cookies Russian Tea Cakes Almond Crescent Cookies More Christmas Cookie Recipes Most Popular Easy Homemade Biscuits The Best Pizza Dough Recipe The Best Cheesecake Recipe The Ultimate Creamy Potato Soup The Best Vanilla Cake Recipe The WORST Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe Search Privacy Policy Footer ↑ back to top ABOUT About Me Policies, Disclosure & Privacy Terms of Use CONTACT Contact Work with Me! © 2020 Sugar Spun Run. All Rights Reserved