Cloud File Sharing, File Sync & Online Backup From Any Device | SugarSync | SugarSync Main navigation Main content Support Center LOG IN English Deutsche Español Français 日本語 SugarSync Home Features Apps Business Solutions Pricing LOG IN Try free for 30 days Automatically access and share your photos , videos , and files in any folder . Sync and securely access your files from the cloud in seconds Save, view, and edit your documents across multiple devices Manage and share your files the way you want Trustpilot Personal Business Create your account % OFF LIMITED TIME ONLY. Enter a password with at least 8 characters that includes letters and numbers. Start 30 day free trial Team Collaboration 1TB of storage Admin Control Remote Wipe any synced device Premium Customer Support Starts With 3 Users $55 / month $550 / year Start 30 day free trial “SugarSync is one of the simplest file syncing services we’ve ever seen.” SugarSync: Powerful and Simple Secure File Sharing Whether it’s to collaborate on team projects, distribute view-only files, or simply post links to documents on the cloud, you have complete control over how you share your files. See how you can keep your files secure Automatic File Syncing Auto sync as many folders as you want. Simply right click on any folder to add it to SugarSync. Then, any changes you make are instantly applied across all your devices through the cloud. Start editing a file on your office PC and finish it on your Mac at home or from your mobile device. View more ways to backup your data Remote Wipe Your Data Remote Wipe makes it easy to remove all synchronized files from any PC or Mac in the event of loss or theft. Since the data remains in the cloud, it can be seamlessly synced to a new replacement device. Learn how to control and recover your files “SugarSync is a convenient way to back up, sync, and access files from anywhere, anytime.” Mobile Productivity Access the cloud on your mobile device and get more done on the go. Use SugarSync on your iOS or Android devices to access, share, and edit your files from anywhere. Start Syncing All Your Files Today Start 30 day free trial 360 Park Ave South, 17th Floor New York, NY 10010, USA Trustpilot Product Download Features Apps Mobile Plans & Pricing Compare Business & Teams Company Press Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Vulnerability Disclosure Program Sitemap Support Help Center Get Started Referrals Share Files & Folders System Status Developers Contact About SugarSync Contact Us Blog © 2015– 2025 IPVanish, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. SugarSync is a registered trademark of IPVanish, Inc. Warning! You have JavaScript disabled or your browser doesn’t support it. Some features, like the navigation button, won’t be available.