Skip to content
All Sections
Subscribe Now
Home Page
Daily e-Edition
Evening e-Edition
Sign Up for Newsletters
Local News
Local News
Broward County
Palm Beach County
Miami-Dade County
Weather News
Weather News
Forecasts and Conditions
Hurricane Tracks
Storms & Hurricanes
Politics
Politics
Elections
Health
Health
Medicare
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants
Horoscopes
Events
Arts
Theater
Sports
Sports
Miami Dolphins
Miami Heat
Florida Panthers
Miami Marlins
Inter Miami
UM Hurricanes
FAU Owls
High School Sports
Business
Business
Consumer Reviews
Retail
Real Estate
Real Estate
Featured Homes
Agents
Brokers
Open Houses
Opinion
Opinion
Election Endorsements
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Education
Travel
Travel
Florida Cruise Guide
Explore Florida
Florida & Caribbean Experiences
Florida Jewish Journal
Florida Jewish Journal
Jewish Journal Opinion
Broward Jewish News
Miami-Dade Jewish News
Palm Beach Jewish News
E-Newspaper
City & Shore Magazine
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Classified
About our Ads
Advertise
Advertise

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in
70°F
Monday, December 29th 2025

Daily e-Edition

Evening e-Edition

Storms & Hurricanes
Sports
Local News
Restaurants
Real Estate
Things To Do
Opinion
Puzzles
Obituaries

TRENDING:

 Year in Photos
 Contribute to local news
 Weekend things to do
Waterfront NYE dining
 Dining trends
Featured
Three teens die in car crash on North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach
A 15-year-old, 16-year-old and 18-year-old died in a car crash in Pompano Beach on Monday night.
Broward schools operations chief to resign following construction, office rental debacles
Caregiver daughter accused of strangling 97-year-old mom
Chilly temps to reach the 40s for New Year’s Eve in South Florida. ‘Be prepared to bundle up.’
2025 in pictures: Stanley Cup repeat and life in South Florida | PHOTOS
LATEST HEADLINES
Florida bill targets vaccination discrimination 6 hours ago
Family argument ends in shooting death of 17-year-old in Boynton Beach, police say 5 hours ago
Man bit officer, choked another during fight in Hallandale, police say 3 hours ago
Rep. Cherfilus-McCormick maintains innocence in FEMA theft case as arraignment postponed 8 hours ago
Brightline seeks to raise $100 million from lenders; Fort Lauderdale garage placed up for sale 16 hours ago
Miami-Ohio State predictions: Will UM pull off huge upset in Cotton Bowl? 9 hours ago
How to buy the high school sports’ fall 2025 All-County section 12 hours ago

Sign up for email newsletters

SIGN UP
SOUTH FLORIDA WEATHER
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Brightline seeks to raise $100 million from lenders; Fort Lauderdale garage placed up for sale
Brightline seeks to raise $100 million from lenders; Fort Lauderdale garage placed up for sale
10 South Florida restaurants we’re excited to see open in 2026
10 South Florida restaurants we’re excited to see open in 2026
Three teens die in car crash on North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach
Three teens die in car crash on North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach
Things we learned in Miami Dolphins’ 20-17 victory over Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Things we learned in Miami Dolphins' 20-17 victory over Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Dave Hyde: Top Miami Dolphins offseason issue, again, is finding franchise QB
Dave Hyde: Top Miami Dolphins offseason issue, again, is finding franchise QB
New College of Florida was progressive. Then Gov. DeSantis overhauled it.
New College of Florida was progressive. Then Gov. DeSantis overhauled it.
46 best books of 2025: Our top fiction and nonfiction book recommendations
46 best books of 2025: Our top fiction and nonfiction book recommendations
Brigitte Bardot, 1960s French sex symbol turned militant animal rights activist, dies at 91
Brigitte Bardot, 1960s French sex symbol turned militant animal rights activist, dies at 91
Quinn Ewers throws first 2 TD passes in Dolphins’ win over Buccaneers
Quinn Ewers throws first 2 TD passes in Dolphins' win over Buccaneers
Broward schools operations chief to resign following construction, office rental debacles
Broward schools operations chief to resign following construction, office rental debacles
LOCAL NEWS
12 swans found dead at Orlando’s Lake Eola Park, bird flu suspected
Prior to the recent deaths, the swan population at the park was estimated to be between 50 and 60.
Morning Update: South Florida’s top stories for Monday, Dec. 29, 2025.
Brightline kills dozens, but not in Orlando. Why?
Kwanzaa community celebration in Fort Lauderdale | PHOTOS
SPORTS
Dolphins Deep Dive: Perkins, Furones discuss Ewers’ future and answer viewers’ questions Tuesday at noon
Watch our Dolphins Deep Dive live stream as Sun Sentinel reporters weigh in on Quinn Ewers' future and whether Mike McDaniel should return.
NHL to make it snow in Miami for Winter Classic game between Panthers, Rangers on Friday
Grading Dolphins’ 20-17 win over the Buccaneers
As Nikola Jovic gets back up to speed, Heat embracing ‘a whole new dynamic’
THINGS TO DO
10 South Florida restaurants we’re excited to see open in 2026
Restaurants in South Florida, like hope, spring eternal, so here are the 10 we’re anticipating in the new year.
‘Mom, we’re bored!’ The 10 coolest ways to spend winter break in South Florida
70 rodent droppings in kitchen, 72 flies in pizza joint: 5 South Florida restaurants, 1 food truck shut
The only South Florida waterfront-dining guide you’ll need this New Year’s Eve
SUN SENTINEL STORE
Back Issues
Article Plaques
Books
Page Prints
PHOTOS
2025 in pictures: Stanley Cup repeat and life in South Florida | PHOTOS
Explore the most striking images of the year from the Sun Sentinel photojournalism team. This 2025 gallery balances major headlines, like the Florida Panthers' Stanley Cup repeat, with intimate slice-of-life scenes and community moments that captured the spirit of South...
Quinn Ewers leads Dolphins to 20-17 win over Buccaneers | PHOTOS
Kwanzaa community celebration in Fort Lauderdale | PHOTOS
Pictures: Thousands of ‘Surfing Santas’ congregate on Cocoa Beach
Photos of Christmas celebrations around the world
Louisville holds off Toledo 27-22 to win 2025 Boca Raton Bowl | PHOTOS
Quinn Ewers makes first start in Dolphins’ 45-21 loss to Bengals | PHOTOS
SHOW MORE PHOTOS
REAL ESTATE
Ask a real estate pro: Can HOA make me take down holiday decorations?
A reader asks real estate lawyer Gary Singer: Can the HOA force me to remove...
Average US long-term mortgage rate ticks down to 6.18% this week
As winter takes hold, South Florida hotels and businesses hope Canadians come back
November US homes sales rose from the previous month, but down from 2024 as prices climb
POLITICS
National Guard to patrol New Orleans for New Year’s a year after deadly attack
The Guard is expected be confined to the French Quarter area popular with tourists.
US military carries out 30th strike on alleged drug boat
These former members of Congress are seeking comebacks in 2026
Trump administration rolls out rural health funding, with strings attached
OPINION
For Democrats, Emily Gregory for state House | Endorsement
Experience in health care policy and a solid background as a small-business owner give the...
Let GOP voters decide House race | Endorsement
Wait for facts in BSO-Deerfield fight | Letters to the editor
Regime change in Venezuela, then and now | Opinion
NATIONAL NEWS
Rain could be an unwelcome entry at the Rose Parade on New Year’s Day
It has rained only 10 times in the parade’s history, a spokesperson said.
The moon and sun figure big in the new year’s lineup of cosmic wonders
Homeland Security says a fraud investigation is underway in Minneapolis
Judge dismisses criminal case against TikTok streamer held in immigration detention
TRAVEL
Dig in and go places in the new issue of ‘Explore Florida & the Caribbean’
The award-winning travel magazine of the South Florida Sun Sentinel and the Orlando Sentinel is...
34 movies and shows to watch on a plane — or trapped at the airport — this holiday season
Howdy, neighbor! These are the most tourist-friendly cities in the U.S.
It’s 43 hours from LA to Chicago. These train people like it that way
FLORIDA NEWS
Florida’s bear hunt ended Sunday. State won’t say how many were killed
The state issued 172 permits to harvest bears during the 23-day-hunt, its first in a...
10 legal issues to watch in Florida in 2026
New College of Florida was progressive. Then Gov. DeSantis overhauled it.
How a Florida barrier island community pushed back against overdevelopment
EDUCATION
Oklahoma college instructor is fired after giving failing grade to essay on gender
The instructor denied that she had “engaged in any arbitrary behavior regarding the student’s work.”
Student loan borrowers in default may see wages garnished in 2026
Boys at her school shared AI-generated, nude images of her. After a fight, she was the one expelled
High school career center, housing and hotel among proposals for Broward school
HEALTH
FDA panelists questioned antidepressants in pregnancy. But doctors call them a lifeline
Medical experts are concerned that a July panel discussion convened by the FDA could lead...
Americans face growing loneliness and social disconnection
You finally got a doctor’s appointment. Here’s how to get the most out of it
Doctor’s orders? ‘Belly laugh at least two to five days a week’
BUSINESS
Struggling to set 2026 financial goals? Get an AI assist
Here’s how to get the most out of AI tools.
Stocks slip on Wall Street as 2025 winds down
Retail Roundup: Metal in small batches, new Crate & Barrel, and rideshare app expands
More thrifting and fewer returns, the early trends that defined shopping this holiday
CITY & SHORE MAGAZINE
Bring a big appetite and chow down on the Food, Wine & Spirit Issue
The September issue of City & Shore Magazine is going to start a lot of...
Glazer Hall gives long-dormant Royal Poinciana Playhouse gleaming new life
How I stopped worrying and LOVE Pilates | Commentary
Chef Richard Blais among culinary stars at Visit Lauderdale event
ADVICE
Asking Eric: I feel like I’m on the outside of this big group of friends
I've grown close to two women who are part of a larger group of friends....
Miss Manners: These days, people take offense to nearly everything – including compliments
Asking Eric: They’ve gone off the rails with their wedding registry
Asking Eric: My son has a fiancee now, but we don’t want to ditch his ex-girlfriend
BEST REVIEWS
Best jar opener
Jar openers provide grip and leverage to help you open a wide range of containers.
Best forehead thermometer
Best TiVo device
The best universal remote
Events
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
Chicago Tribune
The Morning Call of Pa.
Daily Press of Va.
New York Daily News
Orlando Sentinel
Hartford Courant
The Virginian-Pilot
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About us
Careers
Archives
Sun Sentinel Store
CONTACT US
Photo Requests
Submit a News Tips
Newspaper Archives
MANAGE SUBSCRIPTION
e-Edition
Sign up for Newsletters
Help Center
Site Map
ADVERTISE WITH US
Place an ad
Ad Policy
Homes for Sale
Place an Auto Ad
CLASSIFIED
Find a Job
Legal Notices
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Cookie Policy
CA Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Sun Sentinel