Suncorp Bank | Personal & Business Online Banking Services Locate us FAQs Contact us Bank & Save Back Discover the Suncorp Bank App A smart way to help manage your day-to-day banking Bank & Save Everyday Accounts Savings Accounts Term Deposits Kids Accounts Credit Cards Buy Now, Pay Later International Payments & Travel Home Loans Business Banking Back Discover our Business accounts Whether you're a start-up or multi-national business, we have an account to help your business thrive. Business Banking Accounts Credit Card Merchants & Payments Loans & Finance International About Us Back About us Who We Are Sustainability Financial Wellbeing Partnerships Careers Investor Centre News & Media Help & Support Back Help & Support Banking Help Home Loans Help Business Help Financial Difficulty Forms & Documents Frequently Asked Questions Locate Us Contact Us Search Locate us Search Close Search Log in Bank & Save Back Discover the Suncorp Bank App A smart way to help manage your day-to-day banking Bank & Save Everyday Accounts Savings Accounts Term Deposits Kids Accounts Credit Cards Buy Now, Pay Later International Payments & Travel Home Loans Business Banking Back Discover our Business accounts Whether you're a start-up or multi-national business, we have an account to help your business thrive. Business Banking Accounts Credit Card Merchants & Payments Loans & Finance International About Us Back About us Who We Are Sustainability Financial Wellbeing Partnerships Careers Investor Centre News & Media Help & Support Back Help & Support Banking Help Home Loans Help Business Help Financial Difficulty Forms & Documents Frequently Asked Questions Locate Us Contact Us Search Locate us Log in Locate us FAQs Contact us Bank & Save Back Discover the Suncorp Bank App A smart way to help manage your day-to-day banking Bank & Save Everyday Accounts Savings Accounts Term Deposits Kids Accounts Credit Cards Buy Now, Pay Later International Payments & Travel Home Loans Business Banking Back Discover our Business accounts Whether you're a start-up or multi-national business, we have an account to help your business thrive. Business Banking Accounts Credit Card Merchants & Payments Loans & Finance International About Us Back About us Who We Are Sustainability Financial Wellbeing Partnerships Careers Investor Centre News & Media Help & Support Back Help & Support Banking Help Home Loans Help Business Help Financial Difficulty Forms & Documents Frequently Asked Questions Locate Us Contact Us Search Locate us Search Close Search Log in Bank & Save Back Discover the Suncorp Bank App A smart way to help manage your day-to-day banking Bank & Save Everyday Accounts Savings Accounts Term Deposits Kids Accounts Credit Cards Buy Now, Pay Later International Payments & Travel Home Loans Business Banking Back Discover our Business accounts Whether you're a start-up or multi-national business, we have an account to help your business thrive. Business Banking Accounts Credit Card Merchants & Payments Loans & Finance International About Us Back About us Who We Are Sustainability Financial Wellbeing Partnerships Careers Investor Centre News & Media Help & Support Back Help & Support Banking Help Home Loans Help Business Help Financial Difficulty Forms & Documents Frequently Asked Questions Locate Us Contact Us Search Locate us Log in Lock in a great rate. Make the most of your money with our 2 Year Fixed Rate Home Loan. Fixed rate IRM{hlhppsoz.3.13} ^ Currently unavailable Comparison rate IRM{hlhppsoz.4.13} # Currently unavailable Discounted 2 Year Fixed Rate in Home Package Plus (HPP). Owner Occupied. New to bank lending in the HPP ≥ $150,000. Maximum LVR 80%. Principal and Interest repayments. Find out more Bank & Save Everyday accounts Savings accounts Term deposits Credit cards Home Loans Borrowing power calculator Repayment calculator Refinance my home loan Talk to a home loan expert Business Banking Business accounts Business loans & finance Business Credit Card Merchant & payment solutions Have questions about your previous Suncorp Bank Clear Options Credit Card? Find answers on the Credit Card Help Page . We have made changes to our Privacy Policy Find out more Help reach your savings goals faster IRM{gsdep.4.1} 3 Currently unavailable Earn IRM{gsdep.4.1} bonus interest 3 each month you grow your net balance by $200 or more (excluding interest) and make no more than one withdrawal. Currently unavailable Learn more Some simple changes to your everyday banking can pay off. Enjoy no monthly account keeping fees and more with a Suncorp Bank everyday transaction account. Learn more Feel Good Rewards Cha-ching! Together, customers have earned over $1 million cashback. That’s the magic of Feel Good Rewards, which you could earn too. Just use your eligible Suncorp Bank Visa Debit card ‡ at participating retailers. No scanning, promo codes or special app needed. It’s that simple! More about Feel Good Rewards SUNCORP BANK APP A smart way to help manage your day-to-day banking. Stay in control If you misplace your Suncorp Bank Visa Debit Card, you can instantly lock it via the Suncorp Bank App. Keep updated Turn on notifications for incoming and outgoing payments for eligible accounts. ßß More about the Suncorp Bank App We’re here to help Bank & Save How-tos, tips and FAQs to help with your day-to-day banking. Home Loans Find a range of guides, calculators and FAQs to help you manage your home loan. Business Banking A dedicated area with comprehensive support for your business banking needs. Experiencing financial difficulty? Accessible and inclusive banking Our responsibility is to ensure our customers can access and use Suncorp Bank’s services, products and platforms. We know that many may need further support and we’re working to provide this. Find out more . Things you should know It may be necessary to vary the terms of your product to convert it to a different replacement product. This means you may end up with a product that has different terms and features from those you initially applied for. In any event, Suncorp Bank will give you more information about these changes before they take effect. You may also wish to consider applying for other products instead. If you have any questions, please contact us on 13 11 75 . Home Loan, Personal and Business Banking products are issued by Suncorp Bank (Norfina Limited ABN 66 010 831 722 AFSL No 229882 Australian Credit Licence 229882) to approved applicants only. Eligibility criteria, conditions, fees and charges apply and are available on request. Please read the relevant Product Information Document and terms and conditions before making any decisions about whether to acquire a product. § The features and fees listed on this page apply to the following accounts: Everyday Options Account, Carbon Insights Account and Everyday Essentials Account. Other Suncorp Bank accounts, including those account types which are no longer for sale, may have different fees and features to the accounts shown here. Please contact us or check the relevant schedule of fees and charges for more information. ^ Discounted rate is only available for Personal/Owner Occupied loans taken out as part of the Home Package Plus >= $150,000 and borrowings <= 80% of the security property value (LVR) inclusive of lenders mortgage insurance (if applicable), Principal and Interest repayments. The discounted rate (currently 5.39% p.a.) is calculated by subtracting a discount of 0.45% from the Standard 2 Year Fixed Rate (currently 5.84% p.a.) and only applicable while the loan remains in the Home Package Plus. At expiry of the 2 Year Fixed Rate Term, the loan will revert to the applicable Standard Variable Rate advertised at the time (currently 8.48% p.a.) less the Home Package Plus discount (currently 2.97% p.a.). The Standard 2 Year Fixed Rate applicable on the day of settlement of the loan will be used to calculate the applicable discounted fixed rate unless the rate has been secured by paying a Guaranteed Rate Fee, which must be selected at time of loan application. Current standard fixed rates and discounts are subject to change without notice. Pre-approvals excluded. The discounted rate is available on eligible loans applied for from 12 December 2025. ‡ An Eligible Card is a Suncorp Bank Visa Debit Card linked to Suncorp Bank personal transaction account (“Eligible Account”) for customers aged 18 or over. An Eligible Account does not include Suncorp Bank Growth Saver Account or Kids Savings Account. ßß Payment notifications are available for everyday transaction accounts, savings accounts, and loans for personal and business customers. Notifications for Credit Card payments are not currently supported. Suncorp Bank PayLater and flexiRate notifications cannot be turned off. # COMPARISON RATE: A comparison rate is a rate that indicates the true cost of a loan. This comparison rate is based on $150,000 over a term of 25 years and incorporates certain fees and charges that are applicable for the chosen product. WARNING: This comparison rate applies only to the example or examples given. Different amounts and terms will result in different comparison rates. Costs such as redraw fees or early repayment fees, and cost savings such as fee waivers, are not included in the comparison rate but may influence the cost of the loan. Comparison rates for Interest Only Fixed Rate home loans are based on an initial Interest Only period equal in length to the fixed rate period. Comparison rates for Interest Only Variable home loans are based on an initial 5 year Interest Only period. 3. Close Comparison rate A comparison rate is a rate that indicates the true cost of a loan. This rate incorporates certain fees and charges that are applicable for the chosen product. Download the Suncorp Bank App today BSB: 484-799 Swift-Code: METWAU4B About Suncorp Bank About us Who we are Partnerships News & Media Investors Locate us Contact us Our products Home loans Everyday accounts Savings accounts Term deposits Credit cards Suncorp Bank PayLater Kids bank accounts Business loans & finance Business accounts Suncorp Bank App Help & support Everyday banking support Home loans support Business banking support Accessible & inclusive banking First Nations banking support Online security Financial difficulty Deceased estates Customer relations & complaints Learning & resources Shine blog Calculators Forms & documents Availability of payment services Banking Code of Practice Comprehensive Credit Reporting Shine Blog Suncorp Bank acknowledges the traditional custodians of the land on which we conduct business and pay our respects to Elders past, present and emerging. Legal information Privacy policy Cookie & data policy Accessibility Sitemap © Copyright Suncorp Bank (Norfina Limited ABN 66 010 831 722 AFSL No 229882 Australian Credit Licence 229882). Registered office: Level 9, 833 Collins Street Docklands VIC 3008. In accessing Suncorp Bank's site, you agree to our Online Terms & Privacy Statement . Please ensure that you read these before accessing the site. The SUNCORP brand and Sun Logo are used by Suncorp Bank (Norfina Limited) under licence and Suncorp Bank is not part of the Suncorp Group. COOKIE AND DATA POLICY We use cookies and other related technologies to improve and tailor your website experience. See our Cookie and Data Policy . This policy provides information about how Suncorp Bank collects and uses data related to your online activity, and how you can choose to remain anonymous. Any advice has been prepared without taking into account your particular objectives, financial situation or needs, so you should consider whether it is appropriate for you before acting on it. Please read the relevant Product Disclosure Statements before you make any decision regarding these products. The Target Market Determination are also available. Copies of historical TMDs can be obtained by calling 13 11 75 .