Sunflower Land - The Leading Web3 Farming Game on Polygon $FLOWER Jobs Docs Play now Farm. Grow. Trade A farming game with real value. People's Choice Award Winner Join 700,000+ players building their farms. MONDAY_BONUS (3 hours left) Play now *Prices are reflective of last known in-game sale. What's on? Compete in Chapters Every 3 months enjoy new mechanics, competitions & NFTs. View upcoming proposals Project II + Minigames Project II & more minigames joining the ecosystem. View docs Web3 + Partnerships FLOWER is going multi-chain & supporting more players! View roadmap Fishing Collect them all Fish in the depths for Marine Marvels, dig for treasure and cross
              breed flowers to find all the hidden secrets of Sunflower Land! NFTs Compete for NFTs Gather resources and craft rare in-game NFTs. Trade these precious
              collectibles with friends or on various secondary markets. Will
              you collect them all? Open Sea Bumpkins Become a town hero Complete deliveries at the Pumpkin Plaza and foster friendships with
            the local Bumpkins. Play now Upgrade your island New areas to explore Upgrade your island and explore the regions of Petal Paradise,
              Volanic Terrain and the Swamp Lands. Play now Team Meet the Bumpkin Builders Australian Blockchain Startup of the Year 🇦🇺🏆 Sunflower Land is built by Thought Farm, a Sydney Based game
              studio. We are passionate about transparency and working with Open
              Source developers around the world. Come join us on Github or
              watch us on Twitch! Developed in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, with the
                assistance of the New South Wales government. Twitch Github Adam Hannigan Bumpkin Builder Sunflower Land Creator. Product & Game Designer. Craig Gray CTO Security expert, Solution Architect & Engineer Spencer Dezart-Smith Engineer Founding Engineer, UX expert & Chicken Specialist Gabriela Queiroga Design Lead Pixel Artist, Community Manager & Design Vision Jester Einstein Technical Artist Pixel Artist, Animator & Designer Oniel ? Artist Pixel Artist, Animator & Designer Christopher Perez Community Player Support Specialist and Discord Moderator Dcol ? Community Community Manager, Discord Moderator & Gameplay Balancer Aeon ? Community Community Manager & Discord Moderator Elias Chew Engineer Front-end & backend Software Engineer Jiko Support Specialist Community & Support Specialist Fighting Pisces Engineer Front-end & backend Software Engineer Quotes Bloomberg Metaverse Game Popularity As Sunflower shows, the number of games and participants is
                rising rapidly, as many crypto enthusiasts are also avid gamers,
                and the idea of combining the two passions appeals to many. How it works How to get started? Join our creator Adam, as he explores how to get setup in
                Sunflower Land. Community Where to find us? Come join us on the following platforms. Press and Enquiries Media Kit The information provided on this website does not
                      constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading
                      advice, or any other sort of advice and you should not
                      treat any of the website's content as such. Thought Farm
                      Pty Ltd does not recommend that any cryptocurrency should
                      be bought, sold, or held by you. The game uses a utility
                      token that is not intended for purchase. The game can be
                      played entirely without the need to purchase any token.
                      Always do your own research Docs Terms of Service Privacy © 2022 Sunflower Land. All rights reserved.