Sunset.com - Sunset Magazine Food & Drink Recipe Search Recipe Ideas Restaurants Wine & Drinks Home & Garden Home Tours Decorating & Design Garden Basics DIY Projects Landscaping Flowers & Plants Outdoor Living Edible Gardening Idea Hub Lifestyle Gifts & Shopping Wellness Family Videos Travel Insider Guides Travel Directory WildLands Wine Country Road Trips Outdoor Adventure Camping National Parks Hotels Culinary Travel Shop Holiday Gift Guide 2025! The Sunset Shop Sunset Wine Club The Sunset Subscription Box Newsletters Give Sunset Food & Drink Recipe Search Recipe Ideas Restaurants Wine & Drinks Home & Garden Home Tours Decorating & Design Garden Basics DIY Projects Landscaping Flowers & Plants Outdoor Living Edible Gardening Idea Hub Lifestyle Gifts & Shopping Wellness Family Videos Travel Insider Guides Travel Directory WildLands Wine Country Road Trips Outdoor Adventure Camping National Parks Hotels Culinary Travel Shop Holiday Gift Guide 2025! The Sunset Shop Sunset Wine Club The Sunset Subscription Box Newsletters Give Sunset Subscribe Magazine Customer Service Stay Connected Wine & Drinks Everything You Need to Know About Wine Country—Read Our 2025 Wine Issue Plus, we announce the winners of our annual wine competition. Read more : Everything You Need to Know About Wine Country—Read Our 2025 Wine Issue The Winners of the 2025 Sunset International Wine Competition Congratulations to this year’s honorees. These Are the Most Popular Recipes of 2025 Sunset readers loved making these dishes. 2026 Garden Trends: What to Do, Grow, and Design in the New Year From tech-smart irrigation to intimate, layered outdoor rooms, the 2026 trends are all about blending beauty, practicality, and a little extra joy. Decorating & Design These Holiday Decor Ideas Take Traditional Over the Top Martyn Lawrence Bullard—along with friends floral superstar Jeff Leatham and landscape designer Thomas Diehl—shows us how to dial in holiday decor. Behind the Scenes of Sunset’s Maximalist and Merry Holiday Issue, Guest-Edited by Martyn Lawrence Bullard Inside Martyn Lawrence Bullard’s Ultra Glamorous Palm Springs Oasis Desert Landscaping Tips from Hollywood’s Hottest Garden Designer Martyn Lawrence Bullard’s Garden Pet Peeves and Other Landscaping Advice More From Sunset A Cottage-Style Home Felt Unfinished—Here’s What Two Designers Did to Make It Feel Complete How a Faded Golf-Course Classic Became the Desert’s Coolest Comeback House After a Fire, This Lake Tahoe Log Cabin Was Restored with Care How This Dated Mid-Century Home Was Transformed into a Two-Story Stunner Essay , Lifestyle Why California Is Still Worth Fighting For Sunset’s chairman and publisher reflects on the wildfires. A Helicopter Firefighter’s View From Above Alison Martino’s Reflections on Loss Amber Lewis on Rebuilding the California Home Why I’m Never Leaving Malibu Thomas J. Story “I promise you, I will never take anything for granted in this beautiful state ever again.” –Thomas J. Story, Sunset Staff Photographer Culture , Home & Garden , Lifestyle An 8-Point Plan for Preserving and Redefining L.A.’s Architectural Legacy Jaime Rummerfield of Save Iconic Architecture on how to preserve the past and rebuild with culture integrity. A Fire Country Home That’s Beautiful and Defensible 11 Things California Can Do Better A Palisades Taquero on the Healing Power of Food Behind the Alex Israel Cover Subscribe to the Sunset Box! Editor-curated home goods, garden gear, pantry finds, and so much more delivered straight to your door every quarter. Sign Up Now Sign Up for Our Newsletters Get fresh recipes, wine pairings, weekend getaway ideas, regional gardening tips, home design inspiration, and more. Subscribe Now Sunset Food & Drink Home & Garden Lifestyle Travel Newsletters Video About About Us Subscribe to Sunset The Sunset Shop The Sunset Plant Collection Site Map Contact Advertising Careers Email the Editors Magazine Customer Service Copyright © 2025 S Media International Corporation. SUNSET is a registered trademark of S Media International Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . SUNSET may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. Notifications