Suomispam Suomispam Suomispam FAQ Policy Using Blog Suomispam is a reputation service covering likely
	    senders of spam in Finnish language or related to
	    Finland. Global blacklists do not always have great coverage of
	      small countries and linguistic areas. Suomispam exists
	      to fill the gap and provide infirmation about Finnish
	      spam. Note that Suomispam by itself does not block email to
	      third parties. It only provides lists of senders that we
	      consider probable sources of Finnish spam. Operators of
	      mail servers may or may not use that information to
	      block the actual messages. Top operators with listings in BL AS number BL listings Description Most queried listed entries BL DBL Frequently asked questions Before reaching out to us, please read this page to
	      improve the chances of your issues being resolved and to
	      avoid wasting either your or our time. We fixed the problem, please delist You would not believe how much we get request that do
	      not specify what is being listed. If you ask for delisting, the request is utterly
	      pointless if you do not identify what listing it is
	      about. Unless you are a hosting provider that we have a good
	      working relationship with, we often do not take your
	      unspecified word for fixing it. The issue is almost
	      never what you think it is. Mostly notably our listings
	      almost never hit hacked servers. Be specific in what you
	      claim. Can you whitelist us? No. We do not have a whitelist and we are technically
	      unable to punch holes in network listings (the ones
	      with a '*' in them). What this means that there is very
	      little that can be done if the larger network of the
	      hosting provider is listed (typically due to their
	      spam-policies or rather widespread spam epidemic). Our
	      primary delisting criteria is always that we can verify
	      that the original listing reason is gone and that there
	      are no new reasons to keep the listing. If you only have one IP and the listing has a wildcard
	      (*), it is imperative to bring the hosting provider into
	      the discussion. Either they have to take action or we
	      just have to wait until the spammers get bored and
	      leave. If you are not the culprit, talk to your hosting provider! We fixed our SPF/DMARC records, please delist SPF and DMARC records have nothing to do with our
	      listings. You were not listed because of them and you will
	      not be delisted because of them. Whatever you are
	      experiencing, this is not it. Can you delist our domain example.com? Maybe. But only IF it is listed, and only if the reason
	      for the listing no longer applies. Almost none of the domain delist requests are for
	      domains that we actually list. Some lookup
	      sites (Hello MxToolbox, we are looking at you) totally mix up the concept of shared hosting and may
	      claim that you are listed when in fact someone else on
	      the same hosting provider is listed. We do not suggest
	      anyone perform email filtering based on doing DNSBL
	      lookups on the IP the senders domain resolves
	      to. However we do list spamvertized sites and to delist
	      those, the reason for the listing must go away. To summarize. If you think your domain is listed, use
	      our site to check if we list your domain. If we do not
	      list your domain, complain to whoever is claiming that
	      your domain is listed. But this IP is not used to send spam! We have four basic categories for listings: spam
	      source, spamvertized site, escalation and suspicious. Spam sources are listed because they are spam
	      sources. If it is not you sending the spam, someone
	      is. Our definition for spam is unsolicited bulk
	      email. Most blacklists list both the IP's that send the spam
	      and the IP's they direct their recipients to. So do
	      we. Quite a lot of people hire spam gangs to send their
	      campaigns from throw-away virtual hosts all around the
	      world and use redirector sites and throw-away domains to
	      redirect to the real spam site. We list all of them:
	      senders, redirectors and target sites. We try to be careful with escalations on the BL list,
	      but they do happen for severe spam epidemics or
	      exceptionally badly run hosting providers. Note that the
	      GL list mostly has escalations and we do not recommend
	      directly blocking based on it. The GL list is meant to
	      signal risky networks. We have some listings for suspicious networks that have
	      triggered up various alerts in our analysis. They are
	      networks that do not appear to have any legitimate use
	      and may be either related to frauds or spam campaigns
	      that we are just not picking up in our research. They
	      typically do get delisted whenever someone with a
	      standing does appear and is able to give out a
	      legitimate reasoning for the network in question. Your listings are permant / you refuse to delist! We have a process for delisting and in fact the number
	      of active listings is more or less stable. IP listings
	      are subject to both automatic and manual review but the
	      cycle is typically several months long if the listing
	      does not pop up for a quicker review due to some new
	      input we receive. Domain-listings have a somewhat slower cycle because
	      domain intelligence feeds have less coverage and
	      spammers use more active methods to hide continued
	      domain use. We delist when we are convinced that the justification
	      for the listing is no longer valid. We are quite happy
	      to delist, but we hate having to relist. If you are
	      asking for a delisting, it does go a long way in favor
	      of it if your claims agree with our observations. It is
	      all about trust. Can we trust that you know what you are
	      talking about, that you have a standing to make the
	      claims, and that your claims are factual. If we do not
	      trust you, we have to wait and see if time will confirm
	      your story. Sometimes it does, sometimes it does not. We demand that you send us email headers of alleged spam We used to do that early on but we had to stop. While
	      it might sound reasonable on the face of it that we
	      would provide so called proof about spam, in practice
	      there was no measurable benefit for anyone. Almost no
	      spammer ever mended their ways and a lot of hosting
	      providers still do not have active abuse staff that
	      would actually kick out spammers. Some hosting providers
	      wasted our time and resources by continually asking for
	      headers while pretty much never kicking out the
	      infringers. Also one does have to ask, if you do not trust our
	      listings, why would you trust headers we provide? We
	      also have to focus our resources on providing a good
	      service for our users. It is important to note that we NEVER reveal
	      spamtrap addresses. Spammers would just clean them out
	      from their lists and we would lose ability to track
	      spam. But blacklists are illegal and/or morally questionable Blacklists are perfectly legal. They are more or less
	      equivalent to restaurant reviews. We give our opinions
	      based on what we observe and recipients often act based
	      on our and other services information to detect emails
	      that they do not wish to receive. Spam causes a lot of harm. The mildest form of spam
	      causes a lot of frustration and causes wasted time when
	      recipients have to keep deleting unwanted emails. Scams
	      are a more harmful form of spam in that they cause
	      people to fall for deceptions and criminal activity. Not
	      all of the entities we list are in our opinion criminals
	      and our listings are not based on the criminality of the
	      spammers. We are not the police or the courts. We
	      consider spam an abuse of Internet and it is the right
	      of recipients to use filtering and reputation data to
	      protect themselves from both merely frustrating spams
	      and also from total scams, and everything in
	      between. You are trying to take revenge or to punish us! We have been doing this for a long while. If we were to
	      try to use the service to punish people or take revenge
	      on spammers, we would be an utter failure. Most spammers
	      are in it for the volume. They do not care in the
	      slightest if a portion of their list is undeliverable
	      due to filtering. If you are one of those email users who does receive
	      plenty of spam, do ask yourself a question: when was the
	      last time you got so upset about receiving a spam that
	      you wanted to take vendetta on the sender? We bet almost
	      no one thinks of revenge when they get spam. We get way
	      way way way more spam than almost any normal user. We do
	      not have the luxury of getting upset at spam, we rather
	      find spam kind of interesting. Policy While listing spammers always requires case-by-case
	    consideration to some extent, we do try to be consistent
	    and fair. This policy attempts to describe the criteria
	    that we employ when considering listing or delisting some
	    resources. Definitions We consider spam to mean UBE, i.e. unsolicited bulk
	      email. If the message was unsolicited and bulk email, it is
	      spam. It is not relevant to this definition wether the sender is
	      breaking an actual law in their country. Note that if the recipient is a named person (even if in
	      someone's employment), unsolicited spam is illegal in Finland
	      most of the time. Listing criteria The type of sending host is estimated before a
	      listing. If the sending host is deemed suspicious and/or
	      spam focused, the listing may be immediate. If the
	      sending host is a shared mail server with likely
	      significant non-spam-related use, we try to be
	      long-suffering at least to some extent in order not to
	      jump straight into causing major collateral
	      damage. However if the spam just keeps on flowing or is
	      particularly egregious, there is a limit to our
	      patience. If an operator is known to support spam or if they have
	      previous listings, we are likely to list new addresses
	      with less restraint. Whole networks may be listed if they appear to be
	      significant sources of spam, snowshoe ranges or otherwise
	      have allocated a lot of IP addresses for spam. Almost all spam is illegal to some extent, but that is
	      not a requirement for a Suomispam listing. Our listings do
	      not depend on the interpretations of officials or
	      courts. Suomispam is a private reputation service and is
	      comparable to restaurant reviews in a way. Suomispam also lists spam support services such as so
	    called bullet proof hoting services, spam list vendors, or
	    similar organizations that may not be direct sources of
	      spam, but which are explicit enablers. Suomispam also lists spam targets, i.e. sites used as
	    link redirectors or targets where the spams try to lure
	    the suspecting recipients. Delisting IP addresses will be delisted once we believe the spam
	      problem has been dealt with. A credible notification by
	      the operator about clearing the problem may be
	      sufficient. Egregious cases of spam may require proof
	      that the flow of spam has actually stopped. If the
	      operator continues to provide support services (such as
	      webhosting) for the spammer, delisting might be delayed
	      as a safety precaution. Old listings may be rechecked every now and then and
	      delisted if they no longer seem to be likely sources of spam. Using Suomispam The main list of Suomispam is available for normal light
	      use as a DNSBL. Just point whatever software you use
	      to bl.suomispam.net . The secondary list containing spam sources with
	      significant non-spam use are listed in they gray
	      list gl.suomispam.net . It should not be used
	      for direct blocking of email, but it is aimed to be
	      useful for scoring likely spam. This list is
	      significantly smaller and receives less frequent
	      updates. We also provide a domain
	      blocklist dbl.suomispam.net . It can be used to
	      check for domains known to be related to spammers / used
	      in spam. Suggested use cases include matching for either
	      sender domains or domains of links in the message
	      body. For spam senders using major email service providers
	    such as Gmail or Hotmail, we provide an experimental email
	    blacklist at ebl.suomispam.net . To query the
	    Suomispam EBL, first convert the email address to be
	    checked to lowercase, then take a SHA1 hex digest of it,
	    and query it. Check the test record for an example. Test records The following records can be used to check that the
	      Suomispam blacklists are functioning: List Test record DNS name A record BL 127.0.0.2 2.0.0.127.bl.suomispam.net 127.0.0.2 GL 127.0.0.2 2.0.0.127.gl.suomispam.net 127.0.0.2 DBL test test.dbl.suomispam.net 127.0.0.2 EBL noemail@example.com 1ffff7d2d2b7f100df95b70e659c88e5b38ec4e6.ebl.suomispam.net 127.0.0.2 Listing types The A record returned for listings depends on the listing reason. The following codes are in use: Code Reason Explanation 127.0.0.2 Spam source Indicates the resource is involved as the source of spam. May sometimes also include the network if the network is widely used to send spam. 127.0.0.3 Escalation A larger listing that may cover resources not directly used to send spam but where the spam situation is bad enough to warrant an escalation. 127.0.0.4 Target site Listing covering the target site of spam. Might cover redirector domains or spam sites where the users are redirected to, or reply-to addresses for the EBL. May include IP addresses of particularly teeming IP's used for hosting spam sites. 127.0.0.5 Suspicious Listings due to suspicious activity that we consider likely malicious and that the provider has not provided a reasonable explanation. 127.0.0.99 Other Other reason or uncategorized listing Contact At the moment the only way to contact Suomispam is to send
	      email to suomispam@suomispam.net . Suomispam lookup searching... List IP(s) Date Comment Origin BL GL DBL Suomispam listings for AS??? List IP(s) Date Comment Origin BL GL Blog Follow the Suomispam blog Lookup Do lookup Latest in DBL Latest in BL Query hits Estimate of query hits yesterday: