Stanford University Press Skip to main content Menu Search this site Submit Search Books Subjects Series Imprints Stanford Business Books Redwood Press Award Winners Catalogs Digital Scholarship Proposal Guidelines for Digital Projects Digital Publishing FAQ Current Authors of Digital Projects Journals Publications About Publication Ethics Announcements 9/30/25: Three New Journals 9/25/25: Knowledge Unlatched 4/17/25: Reviews of Economic Literature 11/16/23: SUP+PKP Journals Program For Authors About Mission Statement Press History Fundraising AI Policy Code of Conduct Sales Representatives Partners Contact Information Email Alerts Employment Directions to the Press Help Copyright Information EU GPSR Information " Genre Bending reads across a wide spectrum of printed novels to show how 'genre-bending fiction' is not 'genre fiction' but a genre of its own. Rosen traces and defines an emergent literary field, introducing a new way to view and understand contemporary Anglophone literature." —Jessica Pressman, San Diego State University Learn More "Nick Caverly has written a book for these mean times. Demolishing Detroit provides a history of the theory and practice of development by destruction. But, even more than that, it suggests and substantiates a notion of the ways that racism has been built so insistently into the material fabric of our everyday lives that it frames and determines the results of even the best-intentioned efforts of address it." —Walter Johnson, author of The Broken Heart of America: St. Louis and the Violent History of the United States Learn More "In this incisive and timely book, Dalia Dassa Kaye tells the story of over four decades of America's effort to contend with Iran's regional role and nuclear ambitions. A much-needed resource on an urgent topic and a must-read for policymakers and academics." —Vali Nasr, author of Iran's Grand Strategy: A Political History Learn More "Rowen beautifully illustrates constructions of deservingness and the nexus of intersecting social policies. This book is useful for policymakers and stakeholders who are involved with or are considering engagement with VTCs, as well as for those who are interested in or work with veterans, or veterans themselves. An engaging and accessible book that covers new conceptual ground." —Corey Schdaimah, co-author of The Compassionate Court?: Support, Surveillance, and Survival in Prostitution Diversion Programs Explore "Both a moving testament to the endless hardships and monumental sacrifices that parents will endure for their children and a scathing indictment of the cruelty of American immigration enforcement policies. With sensitivity and a nuanced ethnographic perspective, Oliveira gives us deep insight into the human costs of the growing anti-immigration new world order that seeks to demonize and punish those literally running for their lives. In a global moment where empathy is going extinct, we need the stories in Now We Are Here more than ever." —Jason De León, University of California, Los Angeles Learn More "A courageous and timely challenge to all Americans to speak the truth in the face of growing climate shocks. A must-read." —David Orr, Arizona State University Learn More Selected as a Best Book of 2025 by The Economist, BBC History Magazine, and Marginal Revolution Explore "A beautifully written and engaging manuscript that fills a conspicuous void in the academic literature on rural America and specifically immigration and demographic change in the rural United States. This book marks an important contribution to the sociological literature on race and on rurality." —Leah Schmalzbauer, Amherst College Read More "This is a work of considerable conceptual originality based on a great deal of rich empirical research, and it will be lauded for opening up new ways of doing transnational histories. The geographical argument that sees communities link across the upland rivers in this macro-region is quite innovative in the realm of Asian studies. As such, the book is a powerful, important achievement." —Prasenjit Duara, Duke University Learn More From the blog Visit our blog IMMIGRATION AND ITS DIMENSIONS A recommended reading list based around the theme of immigration CODA TO RACHEL CARSON AND THE POWER OF QUEER LOVE Dorothy Freeman's Wonder 2025 SUMMER READING RECOMMENDATIONS This list is 100% not made by AI SOME TROUBLE WITH THE AI BOOK CRITIC How a summer reading list highlighted the tensions between institutional legitimacy and technological shortcuts Redwood Press Imprints Redwood Press curates well-crafted books that spur thought, stir debate, and invite the reader into ongoing conversations. Explore our Redwood Press Imprint About the press Stanford University Press—or at least, the idea of it—was born in Bloomington, Indiana. It was there in 1891 that Leland and Jane Stanford offered the presidency of their new university to David Starr Jordan, who, before accepting the post, drew up a memo of understanding for the Stanfords’ approval. Learn more about the press Return to Top Books Imprints Subjects Series Open Access Journals Digital Projects Blog Catalogs Conferences Newsletter Signup For Authors Acquisitions Editors Submit a Book Proposal Final Manuscript Guidelines List of Authors Resources Accessibility Files Desk/Exam/Review Copies Permissions Subrights & Translations Subjects Anthropology Asian American Studies Asian Studies Business History Jewish Studies Latin American Studies Law Literary Studies Media Studies Middle East Studies Politics Sociology Theory and Philosophy All Subjects About Press History Employment Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Fundraising EU GPSR Information Ebooks on sup.org Help with sup.org orders Contact Address Acquisitions Editors Media Requests Sales Inquiries Staff Directory © 2024 Stanford University Press. All rights reserved. Join the conversation on Facebook Instagram icon Subscribe to our Instagram feed Join the conversation on Bluesky Author interviews, readings, TED talks, and more Follow SUP on LinkedIn New releases Explore new releases Fall/Winter 2025-2026 Catalog View catalog Committee Worlds Governing Medical Research through Ethics in the Asia-Pacific Rachel Douglas-Jones The Islands and the Stars A History of Japan’s Space Programs Subodhana Wijeyeratne White Flank Organizing White People for Racial Justice Chandra Russo Mistaking Order for Anarchy Territory, Mobility, and Security in the Sahel Casey McNeill Reader Bot What Happens When AI Reads and Why It Matters Naomi S. Baron Robed Representatives How Black Judges Advocate in American Courts Taneisha Means Davis Dare to Think Differently How Open-Mindedness Creates Exceptional Decision-Making Gerald Zaltman Behind Our Backs Feminized Poetry and Capitalist Abstraction Amy De'Ath Negative Media Erasure and the Limits of Retention Ella Klik Laboring in the Shadows Precarity and Promise in Black Youth Work Bianca J. Baldridge