Remove Malware & Spyware with Anti-Malware Software | SUPERAntiSpyware Products For home professional x edition PRIVACY Browser For business corporate Academic & Non-Profit Technician Edition About company partners solutions resources Blog research Support Faq technical support contact Features Speed Privacy Customization Download Buy Pro X Edition Antispyware to Protect Your PC 65+ Million Downloads Spyware scanner with AI-powered detection engine + database Boost Microsoft Defender Malware, Ransomware, and Spyware Removal Easy, Robust, Affordable Secure My PC Now AI-Powered Spyware Defense AI-Powered Detection Engine Protect your computer from 1+ billion malware threats with the best antispyware using our Professional X Edition: spyware, adware, trojans, ransomware, hijackers, PUPs, and more. Real-Time,  Robust Protection Get the most up-to-date protection using an enhanced spyware scanner that uses an AI-powered detection engine and database. Easy to Use  & Affordable Install our lightweight antispyware program that won’t slow down your PC because we work with your antivirus software, not against it. Malware Cryptominers Spyware Adware Trojans Worms Advanced Detection & Spyware Removal SuperAntiSpyware specializes in identifying unique and hard-to-find malware and spyware software before removing any maliciousthreats to your PC, including PUPs Rootkits And many more Hijackers Keyloggers Ransomware Our Customers Say It Best Hear directly from our satisfied customers! Their experiences and success stories speak for themselves—see how our solutions made a difference “It cleaned my computer from junk and hidden harmful files. It also protected my computer from viruses... This is the best antivirus software.” Joy M. Miami “This product was a miracle worker for me... I would recommend this product to anyone.” Stephen G. Washington, US “It's a really good piece of software for scanning you[r] pc for adware and spyware.” Arthur D. North Wales, UK “Speeds up computer programs and most importantly able to protect you from phishing.” Bernard L. Kenya Available Protection for Every Need Whether you're a corporate team, academic institution, or reseller, our antispyware solutions fit your security needs. Stay protected with the right plan. Corporate Academic & Non-Profit Technician Edition Reseller Stay in control of your PC Download Products Professional X Edition Corporate Academic & Non-Profit Technician Edition Reseller Browser Support FAQ technical support Contact Product Uninstall About Company partners Careers news solutions resources Blog research sitemap Features Speed Privacy Customization Download Browser Address SUPERAntiSpyware c/o RealDefense 150 S Los Robles Ave Suite 400 Pasadena, CA 91101 Follow us Customer Support 801-609-5814 24 hours a day, 7 days a week SUPERAntiSpyware is committed to your privacy We do not share or sell your data to third parties. We do use cookies and other third-party technologies to improve our site and services. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives you the ability to opt out of the use of cookies, third-party technologies and/or the future sale of your data. Do not sell my personal information Details Read our Privacy Policy for a clear explanation of how we collect, use, disclose and store your information Copyright © 2025 RealDefense LLC. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy