Super User Skip to main content Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow , the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Super User help chat Meta Super User your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Unanswered AI Assist Tags Chat Users Companies Stack Internal Stack Overflow for Teams is now called Stack Internal . Bring the best of human thought and AI automation together at your work. Try for free Learn more Stack Internal Bring the best of human thought and AI automation together at your work. Learn more Stack Internal Knowledge at work Bring the best of human thought and AI automation together at your work. Explore Stack Internal Explore our questions Ask Question linux windows windows-7 windows-10 networking microsoft-excel ubuntu macos hard-drive wireless-networking more tags Active 1 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 239 views Recording screencasts with Adobe Captivate video screen-capture screencasts Caleb Danielson 53 modified 14 mins ago 1 vote 0 answers 7 views LibreOffice Writer list level separator setting libreoffice libreoffice-writer list Taqras 81 asked 42 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 6k views Mounting a MDF/MDS CD-ROM image in VirtualBox linux virtualbox compact-disc disk-image Community Bot 1 modified 44 mins ago 2 votes 3 answers 6k views Notepad++ and xml - replacing </ in closing element tag notepad++ regex find-and-replace xml multiple-instances Community Bot 1 modified 44 mins ago 1 vote 0 answers 10 views Internal memory and TF card of kids microscope isn't detected by WIndows, Android and Raspberry Pi OS windows-11 android raspberry-pi camera memory-card justagamer 11 asked 47 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 4k views What version of Clang does Visual Studio 2019 16.1.3 come with? visual-studio clang Community Bot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 4k views How set up a new disk device /dev/vdb? redhat-enterprise-linux storage lvm Community Bot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 5k views Is it better to replace to my optical disk drive with SSD or HDD? hard-drive laptop ssd storage optical-drive Community Bot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 4k views Can't use Windows Hello on Windows Server 2016 windows windows-server-2016 biometrics Community Bot 1 modified 2 hours ago 2 votes 1 answer 4k views Windows 7 doesn't list wireless networks but connections to manually setup wireless profiles works windows-7 wireless-networking Community Bot 1 modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 28 views pf: port forward with skip on lo port-forwarding nat freebsd pf Ruben Verweij 1 answered 3 hours ago 2 votes 2 answers 5k views How do you connect BeagleBone black to a LCD screen with a 40-pin TFT Friend? lcd beaglebone beagleboard tft Community Bot 1 modified 3 hours ago 2 votes 1 answer 5k views Windows Homegroup (Wi-Fi) sharing but without Internet connection? windows windows-8 wireless-networking windows-8.1 homegroup Community Bot 1 modified 3 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 8k views How to unrar every file in a directory to its correspondent folder? rar Community Bot 1 modified 4 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Interaction between geometry and higher homotopy groups on manifolds Moving from C, how can I implement a doubly linked list in C++ using C++ features? Why is there a 'Temperature' and a 'Feels like (Temperature)' in weather apps? What's the difference between the two? Why don't Supreme Court justices who have published a book recuse themselves from copyright cases? What is the "little red wagon" in the Miranda Lambert song? Finding an operator for 3 distinct values with bitwise operations How to solve this Ordinary Differential Equation? Animated series about a medieval mice state Looking for SciFi 1970s - All people's id/info/life are collected in computer database. A computer expert used phony IDs/info to fight crimes How much of a performance loss is there when using Amiga OS functions to make a game? How to get a Windows ARM64 native version of Firefox? Drawing Only a Portion of an Oval Frame What was the point of the PDP-1's indirect addressing? Do the electric and magnetic fields in an EM wave have a spatial phase difference of 90°? Outlier tests for time-series data: difference among methods? Is it possible to scroll past the bottom / have empty space below the cursor with Windows Terminal? Why imprison (at cost to US Tax Payers) people that are deported in El Salvador? Bizarre interaction between `microtype` package and \eqref macro How should travelers interpret insurance shown by a car rental intermediary versus insurance offered at the rental desk? X11 forwarding cannot type single or double quotes Does mantra compel the deity, or Is the response voluntary? An identity related to sum of two squares First Conditional in Simple Present Are there things, and if so, what are they? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Super User Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Stack Internal Stack Data Licensing Stack Ads About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2025 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA . rev 2025.12.22.38265