Comic Book Movies and Superhero Movie News - SuperHeroHype Skip to content Twitter Facebook Instagram Comic Book Movies and Superhero Movie News - SuperHeroHype Open Close Menu Movies TV Comics News Geek Culture Cosplay Videos Forums Search Close Search TOP STORIES Tron: Ares Disney+ Release Date Set for Streaming Debut Disney+ has announced the release date for the upcoming streaming debut of Tron: Ares, the latest sequel to Disney’s long-running… DCU’s James Gunn Refutes Wonder Woman Casting Rumor James Gunn has debunked a DCU Wonder Woman casting rumor. Gunn and Peter Safran’s DCU kicked off at Warner Bros.… 2 Classic Marvel Movies Now Streaming on Prime Video Two classic Marvel movies are officially out now on Prime Video, letting fans check out two of the most beloved… BREAKING NEWS Wicked: For Good 4K, Blu-ray, and DVD Release Date Announced The physical media release date for Wicked: For Good has been announced. Universal Pictures’ Wicked: For Good was released in… Movies 5 hours ago Jordan Peele’s MCU Movie Gets Disappointing Update — Report Jordan Peele‘s rumored MCU movie recently got a disappointing update, throwing some cold water on the chance of Peele having… Movies 5 hours ago Matt Morrison’s 5 Best Superhero Comics of 2025 Matt’s picks for 2025. Comics 6 hours ago Avengers: Doomsday Seemingly Adds Returning MCU Star to Cast Avengers: Doomsday will seemingly star an unannounced MCU star. Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Doomsday is currently in post-production. Directed by Joe… Movies 9 hours ago BEST OF Best Master Grade Gunpla: Our Favorite MG Gundam Kits (Updated: January 2026) Master these MGs. Features 15 minutes ago Best Perfect Grade Gunpla (Updated: January 2026) Find your perfect (grade) Gunpla. Features 24 hours ago Best Movies Like 28 Years Later (December 2025) Don’t wait half a year to watch these movies. Movies 1 week ago Best Gunpla Model Tools (December 2025) Take your models to the next level. Features 4 weeks ago LATEST NEWS Predator: Badlands Digital, 4K, Blu-ray, & DVD Release Dates Set for Elle Fanning Movie 20th Century Studios has announced the digital, 4K, Blu-ray, and DVD release dates for Predator: Badlands, the newest installment to… Movies 9 hours ago Avengers: Doomsday 2nd Teaser Trailer Is All About Thor The second teaser trailer for Avengers: Doomsday has been released. Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Doomsday is currently in post-production. Directed by… Movies 11 hours ago Daredevil Star Possibly Spoils Marvel Hero’s Return in Born Again Season 2 A recent social media post from Daredevil: Born Again Season 2 actor Royce Johnson has potentially spoiled the return of… News 13 hours ago Stranger Things Co-Creator Reveals if Mike Knows He’s Will’s Crush Will‘s emotional coming-out scene in Stranger Things Season 5 Volume 2 left a big impact on both fans and the… News 13 hours ago 3 Keanu Reeves-Led R-Rated Movies Arriving on HBO Max Soon Keanu Reeves’ John Wick franchise is set to expand its streaming reach, with the first three movies arriving on a… News 13 hours ago Absolute Batman’s Radical Poison Ivy Design Revealed Poison Ivy‘s design in Absolute Batman has been revealed ahead of the character’s debut in Scott Snyder’s comic book series.… News 14 hours ago Stranger Things Season 5 Review Bombed With 1/10s on IMDb Netflix’s Stranger Things has been hit by a wave of review bombing following the release of Season 5 Volume 2.… News 14 hours ago Shrek Star Reveals Failed Hazbin Hotel Audition Shrek the Musical star Brian d’Arcy James recently revealed that he once unsuccessfully auditioned for a role in Hazbin Hotel.… News 15 hours ago Stranger Things Finale’s Big-Screen Release Now Has Over 1 Million RSVPs The news of the theatrical release of the Stranger Things Season 5 finale has generated a massive response. Showrunner and… News 15 hours ago Netflix Show on Stephen King Novel Canceled, Stranger Things Creators Confirm Netflix’s planned adaptation of Stephen King’s The Talisman is now canceled. The creators behind Stranger Things have now confirmed that… News 19 hours ago Peacock’s New Spy Show’s Secret Connection to James Bond Revealed Peacock’s gripping new spy show hides a thrilling cinematic secret: a direct lineage to the iconic James Bond franchise. This… News 19 hours ago Shang-Chi Star on What Happened at ‘Downey Land’ With Robert Downey Jr. Avengers: Doomsday star Simu Liu recently shared what it’s like working with Robert Downey Jr., along with the surreal experience… News 20 hours ago Marvel Fans Pick Which Movie Jordan Peele Should Direct Marvel Studios’ rumored interest in collaborating with Oscar-winning filmmaker Jordan Peele has sparked speculation among fans about which movie he… News 22 hours ago Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine Teams up With 2 Avengers: Doomsday Heroes – Report Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine reportedly could collide with and eventually align alongside major MCU characters in Avengers: Doomsday. While many fans… News 22 hours ago Rumored Jordan Peele MCU Movie Gets Promising Response In a surprise pieces of news, the rumors about acclaimed director Jordan Peele entering the world of the MCU got… Movies 1 day ago Absolute Wonder Woman #15 Review: Diana’s First Team-up with Batman Is Amazing Ever since the Absolute Universe was introduced, readers have wondered one thing; when will these new heroes start teaming up?… Comics 1 day ago The Last of Us Season 3 Will Recast This Major Character A major The Last of Us actor won’t be returning for Season 3, and the role is now being recast.… TV 1 day ago DC Just Introduced Its Version of Spider-Man’s Electro to Fight Batman Beyond The Batman/Static: Beyond miniseries puts a fresh spin on the future of the DCAU. While its main villain bears a… Comics 1 day ago LOAD MORE X About Us Contact Us Advertising Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions SuperHeroHype is a property of Evolve Media Holdings , LLC. © 2025 All Rights Reserved. | Affiliate Disclosure: Evolve Media Holdings, LLC, and its owned and operated subsidiaries may receive a small commission from the proceeds of any product(s) sold through affiliate and direct partner links.