Super Hi-Fi Home Products and Services Products & Services Program Director Radio Operating System HLS+ Next-Generation Streaming Technology Control Room Live Radio Broadcasting VoiceIQ 2.0 Automated Voice Track Mastering Voicetrack Fusion 2.0 Radio Voice Tracking, Evolved Radio-as-a-Service Custom, Fully Managed Radio Stations Rosetta Real-time Content and Advertising Playout StreamPlayer 1 Transmitter Playout Device Orban OPTIMOD 5950 Super Hi-Fi Edition Technology Production & Orchestration MagicStitch AI-Automated Segues Composer AI Music Scheduling Conductor AI Sequencing Engine MixBus Cloud-DSP Engine Audio Intelligence Prism Audio Insights AI Audio Analysis Lyra Deep Lyrics Insights Music Recommendations Automated Playlisting HyperSearch Music API Lightning Fast Music Search Catalog Integrity Audio Fingerprinting Song Identification Metadata Enrichment Advanced Metadata Services Dephucker Explicit Lyric Removal Delivery & Reporting Delivery Flexible Delivery Infrastructure Reporting Accurate Rights Reporting Technology Overview About Us Newsroom Contact Us A New Era for The Radio Industry Let’s unleash the power and potential of radio. contact us Our Vision We Exist to Help Radically Transform Radio The radio industry is changing right before our eyes. What’s worked in the past just doesn’t work anymore. It’s a challenge unlike anything this industry has seen before. But we see something… different. We see this as a moment of transition. Where the challenges of the old make way for the opportunities of the new, bringing along a bright, dynamic, and durable future for radio. So, every day, Super Hi-Fi is working -  together with our customers and partners - to change the entire operational model for radio, to propel the industry forward, and to usher in an amazing new era. So let’s get moving. Our Approach Super Hi-Fi helps radio companies deliver high margin results by enabling them to take an entirely new operating approach to running their business. New Operating Model Super Hi-Fi’s approach unlocks an entirely new way to staff and operate world-class radio stations at enterprise scale. Revolutionary Technology Super Hi-Fi is investing massively in new products and services for the radio ecosystem to help change the trajectory of the industry. Transformative Partnerships Super Hi-Fi partners with the best companies in radio to deliver end-to-end solutions that support your business. Contact us Our Impact Maximized Margins Super Hi-Fi’s model creates true economies of scale that deliver significant margin improvements over traditional methods. Better Quality Super Hi-Fi’s automated production technology makes every station in your network sound as good as your best station. Powerful Innovation Super Hi-Fi’s constant stream of innovation ensures that your listener experience is always on the cutting-edge and driving growth. Our Customers & Partners Latest Updates News Super Hi-Fi Makes Fast Company’s Innovation by Design Awards List for Second Consecutive Year Continue Reading News Super Hi-Fi Makes Fast Company’s Innovation by Design Awards List for Second Consecutive Year Continue Reading Press Release Super Hi-Fi Unveils Major AI Performance Breakthrough to Accelerate System Speed and Customer Benefits Continue Reading Press Release Super Hi-Fi Unveils Major AI Performance Breakthrough to Accelerate System Speed and Customer Benefits Continue Reading Articles Broadcast Audio Is Broken. Here's How We Fix It. Continue Reading Articles Broadcast Audio Is Broken. Here's How We Fix It. Continue Reading Contact Us Company Home About Us Newsroom Products and Services Program Director Control Room Voicetrack Fusion 2.0 Rosetta HLS+ VoiceIQ 2.0 Radio-as-a-Service Privacy Policy Terms  & Conditions © 2024 Super Hi-Fi