SuperOffice CRM | Turn relationships into revenue Meet your new CRM system Meet your new CRM system SuperOffice Show/hide menu Primary navigation Products CRM platform Sales Service Marketing Apps and Integrations AI and CRM ERP and CRM Industry Construction Manufacturing IT Public Sector Real Estate Retail Management Finance Consulting Pricing Customers Inspiration Blog Guides Events Webcasts Videos About Company News Careers Social responsibility Partners Contact Secondary navigation Log in Choose country World Benelux Denmark Germany Norway Sweden Finland Switzerland United Kingdom United States Talk to a CRM expert CRM built for people. Enhanced by AI. Smart. Simple. Built to make every customer relationship valuable and effortless. Book a demo Take a product tour Trusted by thousands of users Our customers’ journeys to CRM success How Joyweek created better customer overview and more efficient work processes. Challenges: Previous solution not tailored to the company's needs Lack of customer overview and centralized process for customer interactions Own server, difficult with continuous updates Results: Customized solution for sales process, customer management, case handling, and service team - all in one system Centralized data, improved data quality, and overview of the entire customer picture Cloud solution for smoother updates and flexibility Products Sales Service Marketing Read the full story How Selux’s IT and sales team joined forces to power sales success Challenges: Manual sales processes Difficulties sharing data Reluctance from sales Results: Improved sales processes to work as one commercial team - on one tool and view Data-driven insights with dashboards Improved internal workflows and communication Products Sales Service Marketing Integrated apps Selux sales success How Sharp scaled sales by centralizing customer data and communication Challenges: Disorganized customer data tracking Inefficient customer service management Lack of centralized communication for requests Results: Improved handling of customer data to scale their sales Reduced manual work and improved cost savings Improved internal knowledge sharing and collaboration Products Sales Marketing Integrated apps Explore Sharp’s sales growth How CASEA boosted satisfaction rates by unlocking data and project visibility Challenges: Lack of overview in tracking and managing day-to-day tasks Managing different types of customers and products Processes not consistently structured Results: Increased transparency in customer data and projects Made sales tasks more efficient and projects easier to track Simplified complaints management and boosted satisfaction Products Sales Marketing Integrated apps Discover CASEA’s satisfaction uptick How Vitec slashed customer service response time by 75% Challenges: Disjointed customer information across departments Complex and slow email-based customer service communication Inefficient internal collaboration causing delayed responses Results: Unified customer information in one central location Improved collaboration between departments for faster problem-solving Reduced resolution time from 4 days to 24 hours Products Sales Service Marketing Integrated apps Vitec’s customer service transformation Trusted by thousands of other European B2B companies like you Interactive demo Let’s take a quick tour! Align your sales, marketing, and service teams to deliver great customer experiences with SuperOffice CRM. Why you win with SuperOffice Established CRM strategies Our experts work closely with you to define your unique goals, set up processes, and ensure user adoption. With 30+ years of expertise, we're devoted to your CRM success. Navigate CRM success together User-driven simplicity Cloud-based CRM designed for users and developed for hassle-free customizations. Integrates with hundreds of diverse European apps within your current tech stack. Explore apps & integrations Dedicated CRM companion Beyond a platform, we're a CRM partner you can trust. We adapt and mold your SuperOffice CRM to your business’ evolving needs – no more, no less. Discover our CRM dedication A CRM solution that runs the whole company Sales Marketing Service Strategy IT Make time for more deals by selling smarter Get in front of the most qualified prospects Improve your win rate with better data and visibility over deals Prioritize selling time with an intuitive and self-populating CRM Discover sales Reach the right audience and deliver quality leads Send targeted email campaigns that convert Monitor campaign results for measurable marketing ROI Foster genuine relationships between your brand and audience Discover marketing Auto-organize requests to meet SLAs Keep track of customer requests in one place Standardize request workflows to scale your services Slash response times by optimizing your service workflows Discover service Insights powering your growth journey Drive strategy by tracking customer data and KPIs Navigate your sales forecasts and customer retention from your dashboard cockpit A flexible CRM that adapts and scales with your business – no more, no less Discover insights Just one tool – for all teams Hassle-free customizations you can create yourself Keep it simple: one tool – on one database – for all teams Hundreds of integrated apps from the App Store Discover platform Better relationships, assisted by AI Get instant summaries of ticket requests and your calendar. Access insights across your entire CRM in seconds. Generate personalized proposals, pitches, and custom campaign images. Empowering your entire organization to build better relationships has never been easier – now with the help of AI on your SuperOffice CRM. Explore AI for CRM Connect with hundreds of tools you already use SuperOffice for Slack Get alerts for projects, sales, and tickets. Real-time Slack channel updates. Celebrate sales instantly when marked as sold. SuperOffice for Trello Track Trello tasks linked to SuperOffice, monitor projects Kanban-style, access real-time synced sales details. Visma Business Sync Sync SuperOffice CRM contacts with Visma Business lists, create new contacts, and access Visma Business transactional data directly. Microsoft Dynamics NAV Sync Sync customer data, display key financial details (invoice or outstanding orders) in SuperOffice CRM. Zapier Integrations Connect SuperOffice CRM with 1,000+ apps. Automate workflows with pre-made Zapier templates. Trigger instant updates to contacts, projects, and documents. SharePoint Documents Create, share, store, and collaborate real-time on documents. Access older versions directly from the cloud. Explore our apps and integrations Discover new CRM perspectives Guide The sales managers guide to smarter selling Great sales leaders don’t just react—they ask the right questions. Discover 10 essential questions that drive sales success and help your team win more deals. Blog 7 best sales CRMs for pipeline tracking (2026 edition) Blog SuperOffice is redefining growth for European SMBs Blog SuperOffice CRM vs HubSpot CRM: Which is right for your sales team? Don’t just implement CRM - make it work Our services are designed to drive adoption, insight, and growth. Learn how we partner with you from setup to long-term success. Discover Professional Services Your business needs, our partner solutions Our SuperOffice experts and partners ensure your CRM is tailored to your unique needs. We have a partner for every step of your CRM success through implementation, process setup, data migration, custom solutions, and beyond. Find a partner Begin your CRM journey today You’ve made it this far. Sensing a need for CRM transformation? Discover how to kickstart your tailored CRM journey with SuperOffice by speaking to one of our advisors today. In a 1:1 video chat, together we’ll cover: Your unique growth strategies and business goals Introduction to the SuperOffice CRM suite Next steps in your CRM journey CRM Platform CRM platform Marketing Sales Service AI and CRM Pricing GDPR About Company Careers News Find a partner Trust Center Social responsibility Investor relations Contact us Newsletter Customer resources Help Center Video tutorials Support & FAQ User forums Events App Store Log in SuperOffice CRM Driven by a passion for Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ), SuperOffice makes award winning CRM software for sales, marketing and customer service. As the leading European CRM provider, SuperOffice is trusted by thousands of growing companies. Connect with us Follow us on YouTube Like us on Facebook Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Instragram SuperOffice AS (HQ) , Wergelandsveien 27 , N-0167 Oslo , Norway Phone +47 23 35 40 00 VAT no. 956753104 info@superoffice.com Map Privacy Statement © Copyright SuperOffice AS 2025 ×