Supply Chain News and Analysis | Supply Chain Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's supply chain industry news Let Supply Chain Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Risk Technology Operations Procurement Logistics Freight Regulation Michael Swensen via Getty Images Year in pictures Tariffs, strikes and tragedies: How 2025 transformed supply chains Supply chains faced tumult, with changes to U.S. trade policies and labor unrest contributing to a mosaic of uncertainty. Here is a visual look at the busy year. Read more ➔ Top stories US plans fresh China semiconductor tariffs for 2027 US nabs $1B in duty revenue after de minimis phaseout Duluth Trading’s efforts to rightsize inventory receipts pay off Canada Post reaches tentative contract agreements with union Academy Sports and Outdoors touts cargo frontloading wins The Latest Andrew Harnik via Getty Images Trump tariffs Trump’s tariffs: Tracking the status of international trade actions The U.S. has rolled out a deluge of tariffs, sparking responses from trading partners. Here's where each tariff — threatened or realized — currently stands. Updated Dec. 22, 2025 Procurement Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford cancels $6.5B battery supply contract with LG Energy Solution The automaker also dissolved its BlueOval SK battery joint venture with SK On earlier this month as it shifts away from EVs. Procurement Mario Tama via Getty Images FedEx Network 2.0: Tracking closures, layoffs across the US The logistics giant is shutting down ship centers as part of its plan to streamline operations. Here's how the overhaul is progressing. Updated Aug. 6, 2025 Last-Mile Delivery Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images USMCA review: 5 supply chain issues the US plans to address The United States won’t “rubber stamp” an extension of the pact next summer and will instead look to fix a few structural issues, per U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer. Procurement Courtesy of Calvin Klein Calvin Klein owner sees higher inventory costs due to tariffs PVH Corp. reported that inventory costs were up 3% year over year — the bulk of which was attributed to tariffs. Retail " Fedex Freight " by Tomás Del Coro is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 FedEx Freight notches challenging quarter, progress toward spinoff The company’s LTL spinoff remains on track for 2026, but sustained weak market conditions prompted revised business forecasting. Trucking Courtesy of The Port of Los Angeles 2026 port volumes likely to dip as inventories remain elevated Single-digit declines in overall import volumes are expected at the Port of Los Angeles, according to Executive Director Gene Seroka. Maritime Bruce Bennett/Getty Images via Getty Images FedEx expects $175M impact from MD-11 fleet grounding Costs will be particularly elevated this month as the carrier leans on outsourced air cargo capacity during the peak season, CFO John Dietrich said. Air Cargo Courtesy of Giant Food Giant Food and The Giant Company to shutter centralized e-commerce centers The Ahold Delhaize-owned chains plan to stop operating six facilities in early 2026 as they shift to in-store fulfillment. Retail Submitted photo Tracking the speed, dwell and cars of Class I railroads This dashboard shows the average speed, dwell time and cars online for all of the Class I railroads operating in the U.S. Updated Dec. 25, 2025 Rail Daphne Howland/Supply Chain Dive Lovesac reshores key manufacturing process The direct-to-consumer furniture retailer plans to start domestic production of core inserts for its primary product line. Last-Mile Delivery Brandon Bell via Getty Images How Home Depot sped up its supply chain — and what comes next The home improvement retailer has built an expansive network of distribution centers for faster deliveries. It's now looking to maximize the potential of those assets. Last-Mile Delivery Dani James/Supply Chain Dive Victoria’s Secret faces merchandise glut from ocean freight shift The retailer is shifting to maritime shipping instead of air freight to fight tariffs, which is increasing inventory levels. Air Cargo Getty Images Postal Service to launch bid process for last-mile facility access Logistics firms and retailers that make successful bids will be able to access the agency's delivery units for same-day or next-day delivery next year. Updated Dec. 18, 2025 Last-Mile Delivery Courtesy of BlueOval SK Ford, SK On dissolving BlueOval SK battery joint venture The automaker’s planned investment in the joint venture was the largest-ever manufacturing commitment in company history, Ford said in 2021. Manufacturing Courtesy of Walmart 5 ways Walmart leveled up its delivery game in 2025 From drones to dark stores, the retail giant made fast and efficient shipping a priority this year. Last-Mile Delivery Daphne Howland/Supply Chain Dive Pacsun, Camping World and Lush launch on-demand delivery with Uber In the midst of the busy holiday shopping season, customers can now use the Uber, Uber Eats and Postmates apps to order from the retailers. Last-Mile Delivery Mario Tama via Getty Images Manufacturers plan price hikes over reshoring to combat tariff effects Industry leaders are displaying “slight optimism” for next year, with increased projections for revenue and capital spending as trade uncertainty settles, according to ISM’s Supply Chain Planning Forecast. Manufacturing Getty Images Semiconductor industry most concerned by tariffs, trade policy: KPMG For the first time, supply chain issues overtook talent as industry leaders’ top concern, according to the advisory firm’s 21st annual Global Semiconductor Outlook. Manufacturing Courtesy of UNFI UNFI boosts supply chain performance with lean management The company has improved throughput and on-time delivery at distribution centers at which it has installed a standardized lean operating model. Manufacturing Retrieved from J&J Snack Foods . J&J Snack Foods to close 3 manufacturing sites in business revamp The Icee maker expects to accrue $20 million in annualized savings from a business transformation plan aimed at simplifying production and optimizing distribution. Manufacturing Provided by Nissan Motor Co. Nissan names VP to oversee US manufacturing overhaul Victor Taylor will lead operational changes across all three of Nissan's U.S. plants while leading the automaker’s supply chain and production engineering. Manufacturing " Marshall's Home Goods Store " by Mike Mozart is licensed under CC BY 2.0 Off-price retailers neutralize tariff impact Inventory and pricing strategies helped TJX, Ross and Burlington protect margins in Q3, and they expect even greater success in Q4. Retail Getty Images Deep Dive Cold-chain packaging companies adapt as dry ice supply falters Tight supply of the CO2 used to make dry ice is creating ripple effects across supply chains. Packaging suppliers are stepping up with cold-chain innovations to address the trend and to improve safety and sustainability. Manufacturing Courtesy of Kroger Kroger to build nearly $400M Kentucky distribution center The new facility comes as the grocery retailer continues to restructure its supply chain network, including scaling back its use of automated fulfillment sites. Retail More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Supply Chain Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Chick-fil-A to open Florida distribution center Tariffs, strikes and tragedies: How 2025 transformed supply chains US plans fresh China semiconductor tariffs for 2027 USMCA review: 5 supply chain issues the US plans to address Library resources Playbook How mobile waste compaction is transforming waste hauling Custom content for Smash My Trash Trendline Upskilling a modern manufacturing workforce Supported by Association for Supply Chain Management Webinar - on demand How Procurement Leaders Turn Contingent Labor Into a Strategic Advantage in Manufacturing Custom content for Indeed Flex View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading Utility Dive Trump administration halts all large-scale offshore wind projects under construction in US WardsAuto Toyota plans to sell 3 US-built vehicles in Japan in 2026 Grist The country’s largest magnesium supplier shut down. Now what? View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel Who really wants same-day delivery, anyway? Webinar - on demand • Provided by Roadie Supply Chain Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications Retail Dive Trucking Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Risk Technology Operations Procurement Logistics Freight Regulation Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Supply Chain Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.