Supremo | The best remote desktop software for PC and Mac English English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Español Why Supremo Highlights Features Security Testimonials Solutions MSP Integrations Mobile support Remote working Pricing Shop Console Why Supremo Console IT Security addon Support Download Login Login English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Español Supremo Remote desktop control made easy, quick and secure Access any device at any time, wherever you are. Download Buy now Find out why 1.4 million users choose Supremo every day Simple and light Its intuitive interface is easy to use . Supremo is constituted by a small executable file that does not require the installation and configuration of routers or firewalls. Safe Connect to a remote device and transfer your files in total security thanks to AES 256-bit algorithm and UAC compatibility. Access to the client requires entering the ID and a dynamic password (or a static one if set manually). Ready for company use No human intervention is required to start a remote session : you can automatically activate Supremo when the remote PC starts Windows. All subscribers to a plan can also customize the support software interface with their own brand or logo and distribute it to their customers. Affordable Subscribe to one of our affordable plans to use Supremo without restrictions and take advantage of all its potential . However, for non-professional and/or non-continuous use, you can use and upgrade to new versions for free. Download Supremo for any platform or device Windows macOS Android iOS Mobile Assist The complete remote desktop solution Unattended access Remote printing Customizable File transfer Online address book Chat Online reports Contacts sharing Automatic-Updates Read more Starting from 5€ / month You can get Unlimited installations Customizable interface Direct support Free updates Discover all plans Real stories, real satisfaction See what our customers are saying JM Juan M. CEO – Information Technology and Services “I give several supports daily and most of them I can solve all the questions without leaving the office.” FE Fernando E. CTO – Legal Services “Easy install and superb features. It solves my 100% remote support service / server monitoring.” RF Rui F. IT professional “This software is perfect for our daily work, we give remote support to more than 100 customers. and all with Supremo.” Supremo Professional Use our IT RMM Console to provide the best service to your customers Support queue Licence usage control Connections monitoring Automatic & mass deployment Remote device management Advanced custom configuration Device health check Read more Stay up-to-date and subscribe to the newsletter! Subscribe Company Nanosystems S.r.l. Via del Commercio, 76/A 63100 Ascoli Piceno (AP), Italy VATIN: IT01085650446 N. REA AP-111997 Products Supremo Uranium Backup Social Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Support Do you need help? Contact us Uninstallation Website Privacy · Software Privacy · Console Privacy · Cookie · EULA · Terms and conditions of sale © Nanosystems. All rights reserved If you encounter any accessibility issues, please report them to us here specifying the problem and the web page involved. Black Friday Offer Unlock all features with the Professional plan , now available at an exclusive Black Friday discount. Don’t miss out on the most powerful remote monitoring and management solution! Discover Details Don't show this again