Surfer: SEO Content Optimization Platform Surfer Unwrapped. See who won visibility race in 2025. Unwrap Now Skip to main content Surfer | SEO Content Optimization Platform Sign up Menu Platform Solutions Resources Pricing Contact Sales Sign in Sign up Boost visibility in Google Gemini ChatGPT Perplexity and beyond. Brand — press & branding hub Copy Symbol as SVG Copy Logo as SVG Download Logo as PNG Brand Assets Surfer in the wild — what building the #1 Visibility platform looks like Join Surfer Team / Career surferseo.com Surfing the Crest of Change: How SURFER Transformed into an Content Powerhouse forbes.com Riding A Wave Of Innovation: SURFER’s Journey To Achieve SEO Dominance youtube.com How we grew to $15M with less than $1M marketing spend. Platform — online visibility, simplified. Boost visibility in Google Gemini ChatGPT Perplexity and beyond. AI Tracker beta Monitor Your Brand's AI Presence / Changelog Improve Existing Pages Spot weak pages, fix content gaps, and grow traffic. Create Content that Ranks Write articles that rank — fast — using real-time SEO data. Find Topics & Ideas Discover content angles that match your audience’s intent. Track & Analyze Sites Get a complete SEO audit and plan in minutes, not weeks. Monitor AI Search Visibility Track how your brand appears in AI tools like ChatGPT. Changelog Solutions — tailored to every business Marketing Managers SEO Specialists Content Managers & Writers AI Strategists Agencies In-house Teams eCommerce Enterprise Case Studies — real stories, real results. See how teams scale SEO with Surfer. Case Studies ↗ Scaling SEO Case Study: How Hostinger Scaled SEO to 1M+ Weekly Clicks With Surfer SaaS SEO Study: How Planable Achieved 10x Content Growth and 176% Traffic Increase E-commerce SEO Case Study: 3,403% Increase in Keyword Rankings in 9 Months Learn Blog Webinars YouTube Community Explore Knowledge Base Product Roundups Success Stories Why Surfer Compare vs Ahrefs vs Semrush vs ChatGPT vs Others Free Tools Chrome Extension AI Writing Tools AI Detector AI Humanizer Free Courses Official Surfer Certificate AI Search Optimization Masterclass ‍ NEW Content Optimization Masterclass 2025 Boost visibility in Google, ChatGPT, and beyond. Search has changed. People turn to Google, ChatGPT, and other AI chats to find answers. Surfer gives you one workflow to make sure your content is visible in all of them. Get started now 150,000+ Content Creators, SEOs, Agencies, and Teams rank with Surfer every day Trusted by 150,000+ Content Creators, SEOs, Agencies, and Teams Optimize Simple workflow. Maximum visibility in Google and AI Chats. Optimize for what Google and AI chats are actually looking for. Surfer identifies content gaps, adds the missing context, and fine-tunes your content around the entities and topics that matter to Google and AI assistants like ChatGPT. Insert Internal Links Automatically Surfer scans your site and adds the right internal links–so Google, ChatGPT, and other AI tools can better understand your topics and show your pages in the right context. See Surfer in action AI Content Detector Surfer's AI Detector helps you differentiate between human-written and AI-generated content. Whether you're a publisher, educator, or content manager, this tool provides a reliable way to evaluate human text authenticity, support content quality standards, and stay ahead of industry regulations. Detect AI Content Now AI Content Humanizer Looking for a way to transform your AI-generated content into human-like writing? Surfer's AI Humanizer tool rewrites texts created with AI writing tools to sound authentic, helping you humanize your content, pass AI detection, or simply streamline your content writing workflow. Humanize AI Content Now An SEO powerhouse at your fingertips Surfer’s tool suite helps you cover all your bases, from generating ready-to-rank content in minutes with Surfer AI, inserting relevant internal links in a click with Auto Internal Links, to boosting your Content Score in seconds with Auto-Optimize, and publishing unique content your audience will love with Plagiarism Checker. With Sites as your central hub, you can access the insights that guide all of it — from content planning and audits to performance monitoring — all in one place. “Surfer has righteously earned its place in our content team’s tool arsenal. We use it daily and can wholeheartedly recommend trying it.” Jete Laager Content and Localisation Lead our toolkit Surfer’s on-page optimization suite saves you time, resources and money without compromising on results. Surfer’s Content Score Get real-time feedback on your overall on-page optimization Write and optimize content in any language Write and optimize simultaneously with real-time metrics for structure, word count, NLP-ready keywords and images, and rank high anywhere in the world, no matter the niche or industry. English Español Français Deutsch Nederlands Svenska Dansk Polski Create with confidence Originality safeguard your work from penalties, engaging your audience with genuine content. Publish with pride! Multiple Contributors, One Content Editor Work on the same page simultaneously with your teammates and collaborators. Briefs with catchy headlines in seconds Use the built-in Outline Builder to structure your content into a detailed outline, complete with unique potential headings and questions. Generate ready to rank article in minutes Surfer AI doesn't just generate articles, it generates traffic. Streamline your content creation process with Surfer AI and let it do the researching, writing, and optimizing for you. You just review the final product and publish with confidence. Goodbye writer’s block Surfer AI has a built-in a helping hand called Surfy! Meet your AI writing assistant that edits, rephrases, and refines your content in real time. /AskSurfy Back up these sentences with a statistic and link to the source /AskSurfy Rewrite this in an active voice /AskSurfy Provide an example to support this /AskSurfy Rewrite this in an active voice /AskSurfy Expand on what Google says about this /AskSurfy Provide an example to support this /AskSurfy Rewrite this in an active voice WHAT'S NEW AT SURFER Discover new features and recent changes. AI Search Optimization Masterclass: Free, hands-on, practical course Brand Knowledge: Teach Surfer your business context to stay on-brand AI Tracker Upgrade: More AI visibility insights and comparison features Refresh alerts: Never miss a quick-win opportunity to regain rankings ...and much more inside! See All Updates Integrations Google Docs? Wordpress? ChatGPT? No problem. Powerful integrations make collaboration easy. Surfer helps teams and agencies get more done. Surfer API ChatGPT WordPress Zapier Google Docs Contentful ADD-ONS What you need, when you need it With Surfer, you can pick and choose the right add-ons for the right job. Find your next favorite add-on in the app or on your billing page. Resources Explore, absorb and upskill at Surfer Academy. Join now and supercharge the way you create content with Surfer. youtube Surfer on YouTube Get content marketing tips, industry updates and SEO insights! New videos every single week! Subscribe us on YouTube ACADEMY Free Live Trainings Weekly livestreams with Team Surfer. You'll get sneak peeks, product deep-dives and a chance to ask questions! Watch Webinars seo SURFERS Join our free global community of 20k people and counting! Ask questions, make connections, and dive deeper into all things Surfer. Join Community BLOG SEO Blog by Surfer On-page, Content Creation & SEO Tips Read Blog DOCS Knowledge Base Detailed articles and guides from Surfer’s Support Team. Find answers quickly. Read Docs NEW FREE COURSE AI Search Optimization Masterclass Master AI-driven visibility with Surfer’s free AI Search Optimization Masterclass Get Course Testimonials We're revolutionizing SEO –– but don't take our word for it. See what some of our users have to say. 4.8 rating 500+ reviews Marketing Agency "This year, my agency wrote 1,975,002 words with Surfer... Content Editor speeds up the process and writers genuinely enjoy using it." "This year, my agency wrote 1,975,002 words with Surfer. The writers know exactly which words they should use, and how they should use them. They get the content length and topic suggestions which speeds up the process. Most importantly, they genuinely enjoy working with Content Editor. We would be lost without it." Craig Dewart My Content Pal SaaS "Surfer has quickly become essential in our SEO workflow at ClickUp... Content Planner automates steps and the NLP engine enhances our toolbox." "Surfer has quickly become essential in our SEO workflow at ClickUp. The search console integration with Content Planner has helped us automate crucial steps in our optimization process. With an unmatched NLP engine and easy-to-use content editor, Surfer is a key addition to any SEO team's toolbox." Jeremy Galante Senior SEO Manager at ClickUp Marketing Agency "Surfer’s analysis suggested deleting 22,000 words... After doing so, I moved straight into the number 1 position." "Surfer’s analysis told me to delete 22,000 words of content which was...weird. So I deleted 85% of my content including 901 blog comments. 2 days after doing precisely what Surfer told me to do, I moved straight into the number 1 position." Matthew Woodward Director at matthewwoodward.co.uk Marketing Agency "Surfer provides quick, data-driven advice... Even beginner SEOs can understand and apply its suggestions effectively." "Surfer is a quick yet extremely accurate way to get data-driven advice for your site. I've seen ranking gains in many different niches by applying its suggestions. Bonus: It takes the data and presents it in such a way that even beginner SEOs would understand so... you can outsource the actions as well." Matt Diggity CEO and Founder of Diggity Marketing SaaS "With NLP words introduced into optimized articles, we reached top five on Google... 15% organic traffic growth in the first month." "With NLP words introduced into three, already optimized articles, we managed to reach the top five in Google search for relevant keywords. Within the first month of using Surfer, we recorded 15% organic traffic growth. Now it's an essential part of our content creation process." Oksana Kosachenko GetResponse Marketing Agency "We love Surfer so much that if we had to choose one SEO tool to live with forever, it would be Surfer." "We love Surfer so much that if we had to choose one SEO tool to live with forever, it would be Surfer." Lauren Petrullo Founder, Mongoose Media Technology “Surfer has righteously earned its place in our content team’s tool arsenal. We use it daily and can wholeheartedly recommend trying it.” "Surfer SEO has righteously earned its place in our Content team's tool arsenal. It has enhanced the creation of our acquisition blog articles by ensuring basic building blocks are in order before fine-tuning and offering quick and actionable feedback for improvement areas. We've tried different options in the past few years, and, for us, Surfer SEO has taken the lead in user-friendliness with its intuitive interface and AI-produced content level quality. It's also fantastic for refreshing old content and making it SEO-friendly. Surfer SEO 's Content Editor is now an integral part of our Content team's workflows; we use it daily and can wholeheartedly recommend trying it." Jete Laager Content and Localisation Lead at Bolt Marketing Agency "SurferSEO is a game-changing platform that has revolutionized how we approach SEO optimization. We discovered SurferSEO when we were searching for a tool that would not only boost our search engine rankings but also allow our content creators to produce engaging, reader-friendly material." ‍ Alex Zuev SEO Director, Market My Market Marketing Agency "With the Content Editor’s help, I created 32 high-quality text briefings in 4,5 hours (keyword research and competitor analysis included). It was enough to fill in the editorial calendar for the next two months." Matthis Janssen Head of Client Services | YOYABA GmbH Marketing Agency " Surfer AI has been SUPER helpful in getting my content marketing campaign from 0 to 60 in seconds! The AI-generated content is spot-on and only takes a minimal amount of editing before it’s ready to publish. It’s affordable, high-quality, and easy to publish directly onto my WordPress website. What more could you ask for?!" Ryan Sekine CEO & Founder Fox and Owl Marketing Other "Surfer SEO is our go-to tool for content creation and optimization following SEO practices. It has helped us generate organic traffic for all of our clients. If you are in the digital marketing space, then this tool is a must!" Diell Behra Marketing Agency "Surfer has been a total game-changer for my agency. I've used other correlation/analysis tools and Surfer is by far best for agency use. Surfer gives us all the data we need to make informed, effective decisions for our client's campaigns. It is truly the most comprehensive SERP analysis tool on the market." Adam Colbert President of Rocket 31 Ecommerce We use Surfer or multiple languages / markets across South East Asia. It has allowed us to scale-up content production and grow significantly, saving our writers hours of research time. Using Surfer we can be confident that distributed teams adhere to the same SEO workflow, with custom guidelines for each SERP. It's become an essential tool in making sure our old content stays fresh, while new pages move into range fast. Phil Anderson VP Traffic, iPrice Group Other Before Surfer SEO AI, finding a streamlined SEO approach felt like a challenge. With their AI-powered technology, that issue quickly became a thing of the past.I no longer need to worry about missing key SEO opportunities; Surfer has me covered. Also, including Natural Language Processing (NLP) keywords has been another game-changer. Surfer AI effortlessly identifies and incorporates these crucial elements, giving my content a significant advantage. Chad Sibila Marketing Agency “SurferSEO has completely flipped our content strategy on its head - In a good way!” Casey Jones CJ&CO Other "We use Surfer every single day, not only to optimize our own website but to optimize our client's websites also. Surfer's 'Content Editor' makes it so easy to successfully rank your important pages on Google. We're consistently seeing great improvements in search results from using Surfer." Paul Carey Marketing Agency "I’ve been using Surfer AI for about a month now and it has been a game changer for me. I’m able to push out content a lot faster than ever before. Not just able to push out content, but content that’s highly optimized quality content that ranks. There are no other tools on the market that’s currently doing this and I’m glad it’s Surfer . I’ve been using Surfer SEO for a good while to optimize my content manually, but it was always a time consuming task. I think you all hit the nail with Surfer AI ." Michael Southtown Web Design Marketing Agency “My first question when I start working with a copywriter is: Do you use Surfer SEO? If the answer is: YES I know that it will speed up our cooperation and the whole process will be much easier. Surfer SEO is a good litmus paper for deciding whether a content strategy will work well and I strongly recommend it for everyone who wants to acquire more Organic Visibility in Google.” Jarek Siekierski Owner Datgrowth Marketing Agency "I love using Surfer because it allows me to scale on-page optimization in the most effective way possible. Creating SEO-driven briefs is a snap with Content Editor and writers love it because of how straight-forward the recommendations are. If you want to perform modern SEO; you need to try Surfer." Steve Toth Creator at SEO Notebook Other " Surfer has been an absolute game-changer for our digital marketing efforts! I've tried numerous SEO tools, but none have impressed me as much as Surfer . One of the standout features of Surfer is its Content Editor . This tool has completely revolutionised the way I create and optimise content.I would recommend it to any online business." Niels Corver Cofounder / CEO WhyDonate Courses "Surfer is the perfect balance between ease of use and depth of data. They understand SEO and make optimizing for your queries accessible to the masses." Gaël Breton Authority Hacker Other "We have been using Surfer AI for a couple of weeks now and it’s a blast. The content quality is top notch and you really feel the value of AI when built for a specific use case. We increase our production capacity and still maintain super high quality. I can highly recommend trying Surfer AI !" Niklas Buschner Courses "Instead of manual research, which takes A LOT of time, I get a comprehensive competition analysis I can rely on. Running a successful SEO campaign for my target keyword is much easier now. I can increase SEO traffic for the entire site quickly." Daniel Wolszon Team leader in iCEA Ecommerce "SurferSEO is a super easy-to-use tool for our on-page optimisation needs. In particular, we like the SERP Analyzer because we can easily compare our pages against top competitors and get detailed instructions on how to optimise our content better - what other keywords to include, the optimal keyword density, length of the article etc.!" Charmaine Chee Truly Experiences Other "In only three days, we saved Forbes Advisor $2,835.75 monthly. We published the article below last week, which rocketed to the top of Google (featured snippet). This article is on track to earn 1,000 monthly clicks (Semrush) with a $2.85 cost-per-click valuation (Surfer). That means Forbes would need to pay $2,835.75 monthly for the same amount of traffic. Instead, we can create an evergreen article to appear organically. Since it's an upfront cost, I consider each article a digital asset." Daniel Schoester Your Brand Deserves to Be Seen, Everywhere AI is shaping decisions. If you’re not in the answers, you’re not even considered. Win the next wave of search. Get started now Surfer | SEO Content Optimization Platform Surfer | SEO Content Optimization Platform Surfer | SEO Content Optimization Platform Surfer | SEO Content Optimization Platform Blog 4.8/5 500+ Reviews 4.9/5 400+ Reviews 4.6/5 100+ Reviews Company Surfer Sp. z o.o. Plac Solny 14/3 50-062 Wrocław, Poland VAT ID: PL8971860264 Office Address Affiliate Program Contact Platform Improve Existing Pages Create Content That Ranks Build Programmatic Pages Find Topics & Ideas Track & Analyze Sites Monitor AI Search Visibility Solutions Marketing Managers SEO Specialists Content Managers & Writers AI Strategists Agencies In-house Teams eCommerce Enterprise Resources Blog YouTube Knowledge Base Success Stories Why Surfer Chrome Extension AI Writing Tools AI Detector AI Humanizer Compare vs Ahrefs vs Semrush vs ChatGPT vs Others SEO AI Search Optimization AI content Off–Page SEO SEO 101 Content Optimization On-Page SEO Content Marketing Marketing Agencies Content 101 Blogging Content Marketing Data and Research Insights SEO Case studies Surfer Content Editor Topical Map Content Audit Surfer AI Free tools AI Humanizer AI Detector Paraphraser SEO Extension Cookie Settings Privacy policy Regulations Legal Career Brand Assets