Co-Browsing Software for Real-Time Web Collaboration | Surfly Download our ultimate guide to co-browsing today Product How it works Integrations Interactive demo Security & compliance Case studies Company About us Contact Work at Surfly Become a partner Resources Ultimate guide to co-browsing Blog FAQ Glossary Developers APIs Webhooks Tutorials All documentation API status Log in Book a guided demo Log in Book a guided demo Book a guided demo Universal co-browsing technology Co-browse, co-sell, co-demo, co-anything Add collaborative features to any website, platform or app, right now. No code needed. Or build your own collaborative user journeys, in minutes instead of months. Over 3.000+ organizations use Surfly to collaborate digitally with users, customers and prospects, already. Book a guided demo Try out the platform yourself Co-browse Co-sell Co-demo Used by product, sales and service teams in industries like insurance, banking, healthcare, enterprise e-commerce and more Without surfly Most co-browsing solutions make you change your website They claim to offer ‘universal’ co-browsing, but it only works on your website. And only after you’ve added a bunch of JavaScript code. It’s often just screen sharing in disguise. Not very universal at all. other co-browsing solutions Slow, risky and limited Slow implementation Adding code to every single webpage Reliant on code snippets Low-res sharing Lack of session data Limited masking Content from other sites unviewable No support for offline documents Compliance risks With Surfly The champagne of co-browsing With Surfly, you get co-browsing and collaborative web interaction on steroids. The end-user experience is so frictionless, people usually won’t even realize they’ve switched to a Surfly co-browsing session. See how Surfly stacks up compared with alternatives Comparison Embedded Co-Browsing Remote Browser Screen Sharing No website changes required Universal (iframe & 3rd party content) Fast performance Fine-grained control switching High quality No installation or extension Can be integrated in web apps Restricted only to the web Help your users, prospects and customers remotely Phone calls, chatbots, email and traditional screen sharing tools are limited. And they’re impersonal. With Surfly, you add collaborative features to any user journey. This allows you to collaborate with people online, in real-time. Book a demo How Surfly Works “Surfly made it easy for us to integrate co-browsing into our patient journey. The team’s support was outstanding, the documentation clear, and the experience one of the smoothest rollouts we’ve ever had.” Michael, VP Healthcare Provider Services Build infinitely customizable co-browsing journeys With Surfly, it doesn’t matter what your specific needs are. Our speed-to-market for collaborative features is unrivalled. Get up and running in minutes instead of months. Presented in your company branding, running on your company domain. Accessed in one click. No sketchy URLs. No downloads. Book a demo Try Surfly yourself “Surfly's solutions have enhanced our technological infrastructure. Their ability to understand and adapt to our requirements, coupled with the ease of API implementation, has enabled us to improve our customer interactions and internal processes.” Sergey Krasovitskiy, Product manager Add collaborative features to any digital product Surfly offers several robust and powerful co-browsing APIs. Use these to turn any app, platform, or website into a fully collaborative co-browsing experience. Completely white-labeled so it looks exactly like your own product. No code needed, whatsoever. Book a demo How Surfly Works “With Surfly we were able to instantly transform our self-service journey into a collaborative experience. Fully on-brand without pushing users to other software or another app.” Bas von Meijenfeldt, Enterprise Client Manager Universal co-browsing technology Connect Surfly to your existing tech stack Surfly offers native integrations with several with major CRM and contact center software like NICE, Salesforce, Cisco, Zendesk and Intercom. Our main integration options, though? An insanely simple setup, whatever your tech stack may be. See all integrations Become a Surfly partner results How collaborative sessions benefit your business Surfly is the only real universal co-browsing solution that offers fine-tuned masking and redaction of any web element. It also works on any complex web apps and can be deployed on-premise. This gives you an incredible competitive advantage and the highest speed-to-market for collaborative features. With Surfly, you’ll keep customers happy and retention rates high. Read our cases Try Surfly yourself 50% Shorter sales cycle 90% Increase in personalized cross-selling 78% Higher customer satisfaction rate Security and compliance are core design principles of our product Surfly’s technology has been designed to act as infrastructure, with information only passing through, but never stored by us. And when no data is stored, no data can be lost or leaked. AICPA SOC compliant Surfly meets the standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) for System and Organization Controls (SOC). Meaning we have robust data management controls in place. ISO/IEC 27001 certified Our information security management system has been certified for ISO/IEC 27001. This indicates Surfly is committed to information security as per internationally recognized best practices. HIPAA compliant Surfly also adheres to regulations set forth by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996. Meaning businesses operating in the healthcare industry can safely use Surfly to handle patient data. Industries Built specifically for companies with large and complex legacy infrastructure Surfly powers collaborative user journeys serving over 200.000+ users in insurance, banking, healthcare and enterprise e-commerce. But these are just examples. Literally any digital product can benefit from collaborative features. So can yours. Startpage: private, seamless, and fully functional browsing experience Suitsupply: merging online and offline retail MS Amlin: real-time remote collaboration HSBC Life: enabling thousands of agents to remotely connect with customers what our clients say Don’t just take our word for it Here’s what others say about Surfly’s universal co-browsing technology. Startpage’s best feature is ‘anonymous view,’ which lets you view the web pages that pop up in your results through an online anonymous proxy. It’s a fast and easy way to stay anonymous while searching and viewing any page you like. TechNadu Leading Tech Reporter , TechNadu Read case study Surfly creates a more efficient shopping experience, helps regulate occupancy and means people end up buying more because they’ve already pre-screened everything in their fitting room. Fokke de Jong CEO , Suitsupply Read case study Surfly is perfect for when I have the client in front of me (or on the phone) since I can provide an immediate quotation easily and don’t need to waste time and effort by going elsewhere and waiting for a response. Broker MS Amlin , MS Amlin Read case study Surfly makes it possible for our customers to have an experience that is as close to meeting in-person, even when our financial consultants cannot be physically present. Jeremy Ong Chief Customer and Operations Officer , HSBC Life Read case study Augment all your digital products with collaborative features Book a guided demo Product How it works Integrations Interactive demo Book a guided demo Security & compliance Augmented Web Proxy Company About us Contact Work at Surfly Become a partner Resources Case studies Blog FAQ Glossary Developers APIs Webhooks Tutorials All documentation API status Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date on features and releases. By subscribing you agree to with our Privacy Policy and provide consent to receive updates from our company. © 2025 Surfly Privacy Policy Terms of Service Security Bug Bounty