New ✨ Introducing Surfside Commerce Media. Click here to learn more!

Solutions

Technology

Customers

About

Resources

Contact
Login
Book a demo
Turning Customer
Data Into Personalized
Marketing

Surfside is an end-to-end marketing technology that aggregates your 1st party data across all customer touchpoints. Allowing advertisers the ability to better understand, target and measure how to influence current and future customers.

Get in Touch
Schedule a Demo
Build Custom Audiences Based on Enriched First Party Data

Add location, purchase and demographic attributes to your customer data to create detailed and proprietary target audiences, differentiating your media buying from readily available datasets and 3rd party audiences.

Learn More
Execute Omni-channel Marketing Campaigns

Activate personalized and targeted campaigns across connected devices like desktop, mobile, tablet, OTT and CTV. Using Surfside’s owned and operated Demand Side Platform, we prioritize people that match your target audience and campaign goals.

Learn More
Measurement Tied Directly to Sales and Store Visits

Real-time feedback on the success of your audiences and marketing campaigns tied to real-world success metrics like sales, return on ad spend (ROAS) and store visitation. Access dashboards and consumer insights to better understand what drives growth.

Learn More
Bringing Consumer Intelligence and Activation to Data Collection

Enrich your 1st party data with Surfside’s Experience Graph to better understand the attributes that define your customers and the marketing identifiers that enable you to reach them. Connecting your online and offline data sources across previously siloed platforms, creating a single-view of your customer across all their devices.

Get in Touch
Schedule a Demo

“We used Surfside’s Commerce Media ads to support revenue across our retail footprint in the Northeast and have been thrilled with the ability to drive incremental sales and see real results. By delivering ads directly where product is being sold online, we saw a measurable lift in sales month over month and have already expanded the campaign across our multi-state wholesale network!”

Pete Truby

VP of Marketing

“We engaged with Surfside to utilize their data and digital advertising platform to drive sales and acquire new customers. We are excited we have been able to achieve those goals and impressed by the team’s desire to constantly iterate and improve on the work we do together.”

Kurt Spillman

Marketing Manager

By activating new marketing channels with Surfside, we acquired new customers and got a better understanding of which campaigns and brands perform best.

Chris Lane

CMO, Airfield Supply Co.

Through Surfside’s Wholesale Brand Co-Op Program, we were able to target the customers who were most likely to buy, we significantly reduced the cost per visit for everyone who visited a our store and saw an overall 87% increase in sales in just one month.

Andrea Drey

Marketing Manager, Co2lors

By helping us reach qualified customers with great ads, Surfside helped us achieve amazing results. We can’t wait to continue building on our strategy and we’re excited for what’s coming next!

David Craig

VP of Marketing, From The Earth Missouri

By joining the Surfside Co-Op Program, Trendi was able to build custom audiences and run a co-branded campaign with Planet 13 that engaged known in-store customers. Surfside enabled transparent attribution across every sales channel and grew both online and retail brand purchases.

David Farris

VP of Sales & Marketing at Planet 13

Surfside understands the hydroponics industry and helps us to reach relevant professionals and decision-makers to increase engagement for Hawthorne's marketing efforts.

Bill Litfin

VP, Digital Marketing, Media and Operations at Scotts Miracle-Gro

Partnering with Surfside has been a game-changer for us. By activating a full-funnel marketing approach, Surfside helped us increase revenue growth, acquire new customers, and ensure we are using our marketing budget as efficiently as possible. Not to mention, they're a great team to work with!

Seth Zweig

MarTech Manager at Terrapin Care Station

Join our newsletter for articles on data analytics and sneak peeks at new features.

SOLUTIONS
Commerce Media
Omni-Channel Advertising
Audiences
Attribution
CUSTOMERS
Store
Wholesale Brand
CBD
Delivery
ABOUT
Technology
About us
Careers
Contact

© Surfside Solutions, Inc

General Terms
Advertising Terms
Data Terms
Publisher Agreement
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
Vulnerability Program