Surfshark VPN & all-in-one cybersecurity suites - Official Site Skip to content Don’t miss it! Winter deal ends in 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds Products Surfshark VPN Privacy from online tracking & data collecting with a secure connection. What is a VPN? VPN features VPN servers Dedicated IP Surfshark Antivirus Lightweight yet powerful security to protect your devices from harm. Surfshark Search Ad-free and completely private web searches to avoid tracking. Surfshark Alert Detection of data breaches that involve your personal information. Alternative ID A tool that creates a brand-new online identity, email, & number for you. OTHER PRODUCTS Incogni Personal information removal from data brokers and big data companies. Saily A secure eSIM data service that covers numerous countries worldwide. Pricing Download Resources About us Blog Research Help Center VPN for Teams Language ∙ English English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Suomi Türkçe Русский Українська 한국어 简体中文 香港繁體 台灣繁體 日本語 My account Get Surfshark VPN deal too hot to last Protects from viruses and malware Minimizes scams and spam Supports unlimited devices Get Surfshark VPN 30-day money-back guarantee Our Winter Deal for the 2-year subscription of Surfshark One will be valid until January 5 at 2:00 AM EST, 2026. Savings compared to the renewal price. VPN Secure your connection Protecting your connection is key. Surfing the web, you’re exposed to many risks: data breaches, hacking attacks, & snoopers. One solution to fight them all — a VPN. Effortless online privacy with a VPN Surfshark connects, reconnects, stays alert, and protects you online 24/7 wherever you go. With its intuitive design, you will master it in no time. More about VPN Experience the web before advertising happened: free of ads, cookie pop-ups, & trackers. Work, play, and explore without a glitch connected to high-speed VPN servers. 100 + Countries 4500+ RAM-only servers Money-back guarantee Explore the full benefits of Surfshark for 30 days risk-free. If you decide the service is not for you, contact us and get a full refund within 30 days. Unlimited devices A single Surfshark subscription works simultaneously on multiple devices and protects your entire household. No multiple accounts, no confusion. If you're on our free trial, you can test Surfshark on 3 devices. No-logs policy What do you get up to while connected to Surfshark VPN? No one knows. Our VPN doesn’t monitor, track, or store what you do online. Whatever you do stays with you. 24/7 support Our customer support experts are there for you 24/7, if you need a helping hand. Get in touch with them via live chat or email. High-tech Surfshark is effortless on the outside yet powerful under the hood. Thanks to our Nexus technology, you can create your own VPN entry & exit server pairs with the Dynamic MultiHop or change your IP every 10 minutes with the robust IP Rotator. And that’s not the end. We offer only industry-leading connection protocols, such as WireGuard®, making your connection fast without compromising security. ANTIVIRUS Shield your devices Securing your internet connection is just the beginning. Your device is exposed to sneaky viruses & malware every day. Antivirus keeps your device clean so you can surf fearlessly. Antivirus that works backstage Surfshark Antivirus guards all your devices without ever interrupting your flow, so you can focus on what truly matters to you. More about Antivirus Real-time defense Surfshark shields your device from malware by scanning files before you download or open them so nothing malicious gets in. Webcam protection Our Antivirus blocks access to your camera from all unauthorized apps & alerts you about any unsuccessful attempts. INCOGNI ALERT ALTERNATIVE ID IDENTITY THEFT COVERAGE Guard your identity Personal data is hot property these days. Your search history, passwords, account details, every cookie you ever accepted fall into the hands of data brokers and is SOLD. But there’s a solution. Or a few. INCOGNI Remove your data off the net Data brokers record your browsing patterns, pages you visit, things you like and sell them to other companies. Incogni contacts data brokers on your behalf to ensure they remove your data. More about Incogni ALERT Alert notifies you the moment your email, ID, credit card, or other personal data gets leaked online. More about Alert ALTERNATIVE ID Keep your personal data private Get an alternative email address and even a virtual phone number to use online. Register to websites or newsletters without giving away your personal information. More about Alternative ID IDENTITY THEFT COVERAGE Get identity theft recovery support Receive mental health counseling and up to $1M reimbursement for identity theft recovery expenses, along with support from a licensed identity theft investigator. More about Identity theft coverage We love Surfshark because it is an easy-to-use app that you can download on all your devices. - MAX & OCCY We love Surfshark because it is an easy-to-use app that you can download on all your devices. MAX & OCCY 282K subscribers I have been using Surfshark since I got it and I love it. MRWHOSETHEBOSS 21.1M subscribers There are so many VPNs to choose from — but my wife and I always use Surfshark. THE TECH CHAP 1.56M subscribers We absolutely LOVE using Surfshark! We’re huge fans of the brand and this VPN has literally changed our lives! ROSE AND ROSIE 975K subscribers Surfshark is a VPN service that has never missed a beat for me. MARCUS HOUSE 566K subscribers Get Surfshark The reviews quoted on this page have been published by media outlets associated with Surfshark through affiliate partnerships. Their recommendations are based on their own independent research and insights to ensure value for the readers. Products Surfshark VPN Alternative ID Surfshark Alert Surfshark Antivirus Surfshark Search Pricing Other products Incogni Saily Surfshark VPN What is a VPN? VPN features VPN use cases VPN servers Dedicated IP Reviews VPN download VPN free trial Solution VPN for teams Resources About us Media center Trust center Career Blog Warrant canary DSA transparency report Contact us Programs Affiliate YouTube creators Student discount Graduate discount Referral program Tools DNS What is my IP? IP address lookup DNS leak test WebRTC leak test Data leak checker Support Help center Setup guides Android iOS Chrome Windows macOS Firefox Fire TV Apple TV Edge Linux English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Suomi Türkçe Русский Українська 한국어 简体中文 香港繁體 台灣繁體 日本語 © 2025 Surfshark. All rights reserved. Surfshark B.V., KvK number: 81967985, address: Kabelweg 57, 1014BA Amsterdam, the Netherlands, VAT number NL862287339B01 • Cookie policy • Privacy policy • Terms of service