SurfEasy Home | SurfEasy Skip to Main Content What is a VPN? Features Login Close What is a VPN? Features Select Country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belgium - French Belgium - Dutch Brazil Canada - English Canada - French Chile China Colombia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong - English Hong Kong - Chinese Traditional Hungary India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Korea Latin America Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Russia Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland - German Switzerland - Italian Switzerland - French Taiwan Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Important notice: SurfEasy is no longer available for purchase. We recommend award-winning VPN protection from Norton, also part of the Gen family of trusted Cyber Safety brands – try it here . For existing customers, support will continue to be available here . Questions? See our FAQ here . Help keep your online activity private with SurfEasy VPN SurfEasy VPN uses encryption to help block hackers from stealing the personal info you send and receive over Wi-Fi A no-log VPN for your devices Screens are simulated and subject to change Help access your local content, even when away from home. We have over 2000 servers in 31 different countries. *Important Subscription, Pricing and Offer Details: Your subscription begins when your purchase is completed (or otherwise, when your payment is received). By subscribing, you are purchasing a recurring subscription which will automatically renew. The price quoted today is valid for the first term of your subscription. After that, your subscription will be billed at the applicable renewal price found here: https://www.surfeasy.com/renewal-pricing/ . The price is subject to change, but we will always send you a notification email in advance. You can cancel your subscription in the SurfEasy account portal; instructions found at support.surfeasy.com . Or you can contact support by emailing us at: support@surfeasy.com . Review our refund policies found here Refund Policy . Your subscription may include updates and features that are added, modified or removed and is subject to acceptance of the SurfEasy License and Services Agreement . 1: Our plans have no data limits, meaning you never have to worry about monthly VPN usage limits. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS Available for Windows PCs, Macs, and iOS smartphones and tablets: SurfEasy VPN is compatible with PCs, Macs, smartphones, tablets, iPads, and iPhones. SurfEasy VPN may be used on the specified number of devices - with unlimited use during the subscription term. Windows™ Operating Systems Microsoft Windows 10 (all versions except Windows 10 in S mode) Microsoft Windows 8/8.1 (all versions) Microsoft Windows 7 (all versions) with Service Pack 1 (SP1) or later Mac® Operating Systems Current and previous two versions of MacOS® iOS Operating Systems iPhones or iPads running the current and previous two versions of Apple iOS About Press Releases Resources Legal Privacy Accessibility Policy VPN Videos Support FAQ support@surfeasy.com Select Country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belgium - French Belgium - Dutch Brazil Canada - English Canada - French Chile China Colombia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong - English Hong Kong - Chinese Traditional Hungary India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Korea Latin America Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Russia Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland - German Switzerland - Italian Switzerland - French Taiwan Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Copyright © 2022 SurfEasy. All rights reserved. SurfEasy, the SurfEasy Logo, and the SurfEasy Shield Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of the SurfEasy Brand or its affiliates in the United States and other countries. Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. The Windows logo is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.