Home Skip to content (press enter) Learn News Mission Campaigns Programs Get Involved Chapters Student Clubs Events Volunteer Take Action Membership Shop Open Menu Learn News Mission Campaigns Programs Get Involved Chapters Student Clubs Events Volunteer Take Action Membership Shop Open search bar This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. Donate Double Your Impact! Until midnight December 31st, your donation will be matched up to $100,000! Make your tax-deductible donation to join us as a new or renewing Surfrider Member in 2026. Our Mission Where the land meets the sea What We Fight For Plastic Reduction Reducing the impact of plastics in the marine environments that surround us. Learn More Ocean Protection Defending our ocean from challenges threatening the vitality of the ecosystem. Learn More Beach Access Working with decision-makers to ensure full and fair beach access for all to enjoy. Learn More Coasts & Climate Taking on issues that threaten our beaches and natural shorelines. Learn More Clean Water Protecting the health and sustainability of our planet's most precious resource. Learn More Latest Updates Latest News Surfrider Volunteers Remove a Record-Breaking 365,000 Pounds of Trash from U.S. Beaches in a Single Year Our current Beach Cleanup Report highlights Surfrider’s national beach cleanup efforts and reveals the items most often collected — exposing the growing threat that rampant plastic pollution poses to both our ocean and human health, and how Surfrider’s activists are tackling this issue head-on. Learn More The Surfrider Foundation is dedicated to the protection and enjoyment of the world’s ocean, waves, and beaches, for all people, through a powerful activist network. Our Campaigns Featured Campaign Drilling Is Killing Surfrider is fighting to restore and expand ocean protections, while opposing new offshore drilling in unprotected areas. Join us in the fight to end new offshore drilling once and for all! Learn More View All Our Programs Featured Program Climate Action Program Designed to harness the power of nature to fight the effects of climate change on our coasts — this innovative program connects volunteers to restoration projects that help protect local coastlines from erosion, sequester carbon, remove invasive species, and support local ecosystems. Learn More Our Network Get Involved Find Surfrider Near You We're always looking for volunteers to help affect change locally. Join us. Select State MD - Annapolis NC - Bogue Banks FL - Broward County MA - Cape and Islands NC - Cape Fear NY - Central Long Island SC - Charleston NC - Charlotte IL - Chicago CT - Connecticut OR - Coos Bay DE - Delaware NY - Eastern Long Island FL - Emerald Coast FL - First Coast FL - Florida Keys TX - Galveston GA - Georgia SC - Grand Strand/Myrtle Beach WA - Grays Harbor CA - Humboldt NJ - Jersey Shore HI - Kauai AK - Kenai Peninsula CA - Long Beach CA - Los Angeles ME - Maine CA - Marin County MA - Massachusetts HI - Maui FL - Miami WI - Milwaukee CA - Monterey NH - New Hampshire NY - New York City OR - Newport Oregon NY - Niagara Frontier OR - North Coast OR CA - North OC MN - North Shore MN MI - Northern Michigan OH - Northern Ohio WA - Northwest Straits HI - Oahu MD - Ocean City WA - Olympia WA - Olympic Peninsula FL - Orlando NC - Outer Banks FL - Palm Beach County FL - Paradise Coast OR - Portland Oregon RI - Rhode Island PR - Rincon CA - San Diego CA - San Francisco CA - San Luis Obispo CA - San Mateo County CA - Santa Barbara CA - Santa Cruz WA - Seattle CA - Sonoma Coast CA - South Bay NJ - South Jersey CA - South Orange County WA - South Sound Washington TX - South Texas FL - Space Coast FL - Suncoast TX - Texas Coastal Bend FL - Treasure Coast CA - Ventura County VA - Virginia FL - Volusia/Flagler DC - Washington DC Our Impact Our efforts are paying off. See what we’ve accomplished so far: 200 Chapters and Student Clubs 930+ Victories to Protect Our Coast 185K Volunteer Hours in 2024 Show Your Support 100% of every purchase helps protect our coasts, waves, and beaches. Membership Exclusive These limited edition membership packages raise critical funds to protect our ocean and beaches. This Week Only Treat yourself to this limited time sale! Shop up to 50% OFF, now through 12/31. Shop Now The Surfrider Foundation is committed to fostering a just, equitable, diverse and inclusive organization for all people who protect and enjoy the world’s ocean, waves, and beaches. Learn More We  Love Our Partners Join Us Corporate Foundations $10 per month helps protect a quarter mile of your local coast. $ 5 / mo $ 10 / mo $ 25 / mo $ 50 / mo Subscribe and connect with us Surfrider Foundation Stay Informed Additional Surfrider Links About Us Mission Model Team Board Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion History Ambassadors Media Environmental Policies Give Donate Membership FAQ Partnerships Get Involved Volunteer Events Fundraise News Programs Campaigns Careers Nonprofit Legalities Legal Financials Contact Us Social Comment Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy 501(c)(3) Compliance Copyright © 2025 Surfrider Foundation Connect on social media