Consent
Details
About

This site uses cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") as strictly necessary for site operation. We and our partners also use cookies to analyze site usage, personalise content and ads. See our cookie policy for details.

OK
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Integrations
Resources
Partners
Log in
Start Free
Book a Call
Capture, analyze, act. Build the ultimate program
for customer feedback.
Survey and listen to your customers across every channel, automatically identify key themes, and rally teams around feedback — all in Survicate’s platform.
Sign Up Free
Book a Call
Customer Surveys
Insights Hub
Feedback Analytics
Automated Flows
Trusted by 2000+
digital businesses
Go from feedback noise…
Crushed by multiple feedback sources

Can’t see the scale of user issues

…to feedback knowledge
One feedback platform that surveys every channel

One that unifies all feedback sources into insights

Survicate: one platform to turn feedback into impact
Collect
“We had more than 1000 answers in one day using Survicate's NPS surveys.”
Analyze
“It's easy to quickly analyze users' answers. I also enjoy how Survicate puts survey results into graphics.”
Act
“Our feature validation became two times faster, now we can reach out to customers even in one week and get feedback.”
Step 1
Ask everywhere, learn everything
Source feedback with multi-channel surveys
Add surveys to emails, websites, and apps to collect feedback at every touchpoint.
Learn more
Let trends surface from all the feedback
Automatically analyze feedback from your surveys, support tickets, call recordings, reviews and more.
Learn more
Step 2
Turn raw feedback into key themes automatically
Analyze feedback, break down survey results, and build custom dashboards to track insights and make faster decisions.
Learn more
Step 3
Act instantly, build feedback loops
Sync zero-party survey data with all your tools. Trigger campaigns, enrich CRM profiles, collaborate, inform the right teams, instantly.
Start Free
“The time savings and the ability to automate responses [with Survicate] have made a huge difference to our workflow, and the feedback we gather helps drive our business decisions.”
Chris Eamer
Operations Manager at Wahi
Features for deeper feedback
Automatic Enrichment
Add CRM and product data to survey responses and instantly segment key users, uncover customer insights, and prioritize improvements.
Start Free
Auto-Generated Topics
Watch as feedback is auto-sorted into topics like user experience, technical issues, and more... so you can discover key patterns.
Learn more
Precise Targeting
Create segments and custom surveys to ask the right people the right questions, ensuring high-quality responses and valuable insights.
Start Free
AI-Powered Research Chatbot
Ask a question, and Survicate’s AI instantly summarizes feedback from all sources, helping you make faster, data-driven decisions.
Learn more
Start Free
How teams turn
feedback into alignment
CX Teams
Track satisfaction, analyze loyalty trends, and evaluate the customer journey to identify pain points and areas to improve.
Learn more
Marketing Teams
Personalize content, boost conversions, and conduct market research to optimize marketing strategy.
Learn more
Product Teams
Collect contextual product feedback to guide the roadmap, and gather user feedback to optimize the UX.
Learn more
Send the survey data to all your tools with 1-click native integrations
ActiveCampaign
Amplitude
Drip
FullStory
Google Analytics
Google Sheets
Hubspot
Intercom
Klaviyo
Mailchimp
Marketo
Microsoft Teams
Mixpanel
Optimizely
Productboard
Salesforce
Segment
Slack
Smartlook
Tag Manager
UXCam
Woopra
Zapier
Zendesk
See all integrations
“Survicate integration capabilities are great and that’s a big part of the appeal. And the platform itself is very innovative and it’s so easy to set up surveys.”
William Geldart
Marketing Manager at BPS World
Reliable insights, bulletproof security
Whether you're collecting feedback from millions of users or integrating across your tech stack, you can rely on Survicate to protect your data and deliver authentic, actionable insights.
PII Protection
Collect only what’s necessary and secure everything. You control what PII is stored, accessed, and shared. 
Safe AI
Every insight generated is backed by real, verifiable pieces of customer feedback. Your data is never used to train AI models. 
Protected data storage
All data is stored in secure environments and shared only through verified, encrypted third-party integrations.
Learn more
Survicate has your (feed)back
Sign Up Free
Book a Call
human live chat support, no bots

97% satisfaction rate

2 minutes first response

FAQs
How can Survicate be used as an all-in-one customer feedback software?
What makes Survicate a top customer feedback platform?
Can Survicate automate survey distribution as part of a customer feedback program?
How does Survicate help businesses implement an effective customer feedback program?
How does Survicate help manage customer feedback effectively?
See more questions
Customer Feedback Platform. Survey and listen to your customers across every channel.
Product & Features
Survey Software
Research Repository
Product Feedback
Feedback Analytics
AI Analysis
Multi-language Feedback
Transcriptions
Solutions
Product Teams
Marketing Teams
User Research
CX & CS
Enterprises
Resources
Integrations
Blog
Webinars
NPS Calculator
Survey Templates
Customer Stories
NPS Benchmarks 2025
Customers
Help Center
Developers
Status
Product Updates
About
Contact
Careers
Partner Program
Bug Bounty
Legal & Compliance
Security


© 2025 Survicate S.A. With ♥ from Poland


Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Built in 2025, planned for 2026
Join a live product webinar