Home - Walk Wheel Cycle Trust Looking for the Sustrans website? You're in the right place. We have a new look, but we're still the same charity making it possible for everyone to walk, wheel and cycle. About us Donate Menu News Blog Events Media Centre Cymraeg Search Donate Search Close Menu About us About us Find out what we stand for and how our work around the UK is making a difference. About us Who we are Our people Directors Board of Trustees Contact us Our strategy What we do Projects Research Paths for Everyone In England In Scotland In Cymru In Northern Ireland Campaigns What we've achieved together in 2025 National Cycle Network Explore Explore fantastic walking and cycling routes across the UK National Cycle Network Information Find a route on the Network About the National Cycle Network Our plans to improve the National Cycle Network Our future vision Find other cycle routes Inspiration Route collections Great walks on the Network Traffic-free family rides Making space for nature on the Network Get active News For professionals For professionals Work in partnership with us to tackle the challenges of congestion, air pollution, physical inactivity, and social inequality, by making it easier for people to walk and cycle. For professionals Policy area Research and advocacy The Walking and Cycling Index Streets for everyone Disabled Citizens' Inquiry Sector Experience Cycling infrastructure Urban design and planning Education Workplaces Research, monitoring and evaluation Our work Our approach Projects Research In Northern Ireland In Scotland In Wales Get involved Get involved There are lots of different ways you can support and get involved with the work we do. Find out how you can support our work to help make it easier for everyone to walk, wheel and cycle. Get involved Give money Donate Leave a gift in your Will Donate in memory Corporate partnerships Give a virtual gift Trusts and Foundations Give your time Volunteer Work for Walk Wheel Cycle Trust Log in to Assemble Fundraise Fundraising and challenge events Become a Walk Wheel Cycle Trust fundraiser Shop Cymraeg Donate News Blog Events Media Centre Donate Cancel Close Menu Search input Search Donate Will you protect the National Cycle Network? It is only through the generosity of people like you that we can protect, fix and improve the amazing Network. Will you give £10 today? Your gift could keep the Network open, accessible and connecting communities all year round. Yes, I'll give today Please support our work Your donation enables us to continue caring for the National Cycle Network and working hard to improve walking, wheeling and cycling for everyone. £ Donate now We're Walk Wheel Cycle Trust Walk Wheel Cycle Trust is the new name for Sustrans, and we've been making it possible for everyone to walk, wheel and cycle since 1977. Uniting under a new name and a renewed mission to deliver more joy per journey, more peace per pedal, more smiles per mile. Find out more about us New in: Walk Wheel Cycle Trust panniers Spacious, durable, and easy to mount, Walk Wheel Cycle Trust panniers by Ortlieb are a firm favourite among cyclists. These Back-Roller Classic panniers are exclusive to the Walk Wheel Cycle Trust Shop, come in a pair and are available in 6 colours. Shop Ortlieb Panniers What we've achieved together in 2025 With your support, we've been able to continue making a positive difference to communities across the UK. What we've achieved together in 2025 We've achieved some amazing things... 460 million walking, wheeling and cycling trips on the National Cycle Network in 2024 28,000 tonnes of carbon were saved in 2024 2.8 million journeys were walked, wheeled or cycled as part of 2025 Big Walk and Wheel Donate now Help us to continue caring for the National Cycle Network and working hard to improve walking, wheeling and cycling for everyone. Please give now and help repair and protect our precious Network. Single donation Monthly donation £10 £25 £50 £ Donate £8 £10 £15 £ Donate Our latest projects We are working with communities, partners, funders and governments to make it possible for everyone to walk, wheel and cycle. Take a look at some of our latest projects and see how our work changes everything - our health, our wellbeing, our world. Projects Our work in policy We work with communities to effect change on the ground. Then we evidence the impact to influence policies that push those changes further. We make contributions that assist the development of all official policy and guidance for walking, wheeling and cycling. Find out more about our policy work Explore the National Cycle Network The National Cycle Network is a UK-wide network of signed paths and routes for walking, wheeling, cycling and exploring outdoors, brought to you by us - Walk Wheel Cycle Trust.
Find out more about how the National Cycle Network began, our ambition to grow and care for it, and find the perfect walking and cycling route for you. Discover the National Cycle Network We've got loads of tips and guides to help you walk, wheel and cycle Get active Help us be sustainable: Our old maps need new homes Get active Our top Christmas gifts for cyclists in 2025 Get active 6 species of bat you can find on the National Cycle Network By Livvy Memarzia Get active How to plan a family cycling adventure Donate Your support is what keeps us moving Volunteer Do your bit and make new friends Careers Campaigns Events Media Centre News Blog Shop Accessibility Privacy and Terms Safeguarding Contact us Frequently asked questions (FAQs) Newsletter Sign up now to hear more about our latest news, views, events, campaigns, policy, impact and other activities. Follow us on social Our fundraising Walk Wheel Cycle Trust is committed to fundraising in a way which is legal, open, honest and respectful. Read our fundraising promise . Walk Wheel Cycle Trust is a registered Charity in England and Wales (326550), Scotland (SC039263) and Republic of Ireland (20206824), and a company limited by guarantee registered in England (1797726) at 2 Cathedral Square, Bristol, BS1 5DD.