Silicon Valley Bank - Banking for Innovation Economy Skip to Content Who We Serve GROWTH STAGES Startup Banking Pre-Seed & Seed Series A Venture-Funded Series B+ Corporate Banking INVESTORS Venture Capital & Corporate Venture Emerging Managers INDUSTRIES Climate Tech & Sustainability Consumer Internet Defense Tech & Aerospace Enterprise Software Fintech Hardware & Frontier Tech Life Science & Healthcare Premium Wine PRIVATE FUNDS Private Equity & Private Credit Venture Capital Limited Partners Products BUSINESS BANKING Business Checking Lending Commercial Cards Payment Solutions Treasury Management Digital Banking Platform Venture Debt LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT Cash Management Accounts SVB Asset Management INTERNATIONAL BANKING Global Banking Solutions Global Trade Finance Foreign Exchange PRIVATE FUND BANKING Private Equity & Private Credit Venture Capital Insights REPORTS Future of Climate Tech Future of Fintech Healthcare Investment and Exits Future of Healthtech State of the Markets State of the Wine Industry Innovation in Women's Health View All Reports PERSPECTIVE & INSIGHTS Foreign Exchange Advisory Business Growth Market Insights Industry Insights Startup Insights Commercial Cards Payment Management Treasury Management View All Insights MORE Case Studies Events & Sponsorships PRIVATE FUNDS Global Fund Banking Outlook Private Funds CFO Insights About About SVB Contact Us Careers Locations Newsroom Catalyst 2045 Recent Transactions SVB FAQ Get started Login Search SVB Who We Serve Products Insights About Get started Login Who We Serve GROWTH STAGES Startup Banking Pre-Seed & Seed Series A Venture-Funded Series B+ Corporate Banking INVESTORS Venture Capital & Corporate Venture Emerging Managers INDUSTRIES Climate Tech & Sustainability Consumer Internet Defense Tech & Aerospace Enterprise Software Fintech Hardware & Frontier Tech Life Science & Healthcare Premium Wine PRIVATE FUNDS Private Equity & Private Credit Venture Capital Limited Partners Products BUSINESS BANKING Business Checking Lending Commercial Cards Payment Solutions Treasury Management Digital Banking Platform Venture Debt LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT Cash Management Accounts SVB Asset Management INTERNATIONAL BANKING Global Banking Solutions Global Trade Finance Foreign Exchange PRIVATE FUND BANKING Private Equity & Private Credit Venture Capital Insights REPORTS Future of Climate Tech Future of Fintech Healthcare Investments and Exits Future of Healthtech State of the Markets State of the Wine Industry Innovation in Women's Health View All Reports PERSPECTIVES AND INSIGHTS Foreign Exchange Advisory Business Growth Market Insights Industry Insights Startup Insights Commercial Cards Payment Management Treasury Management View All Insights MORE Case Studies Events & Sponsorships PRIVATE FUNDS Global Fund Banking Outlook Private Funds CFO Insights About About SVB Contact Us Careers Locations Newsroom Catalyst 2045 Recent Transactions SVB FAQ Find anything about our product, search our documentation, and more. Enter a query in the search input above, and results will be displayed as you type. Searching... Searching... People Fueling the future of innovation Partner with a bank that understands your vision and helps you scale it. Get started 2025 Forbes Fintech 50 | SVB banks 60% of companies on the list 1 2025 Forbes AI 50 | SVB banks 40% of companies on the list 2 Bankrate's List for Startups | SVB named on Bankrate's 2024 list of best banks for startups 3 2024 Forbes Midas List | 82% of the investors on the list work for firms served by SVB 4 Business Insider | SVB named as one of the 10 Best Banks for Startups by founders 5 IPOs in 2024 | 50% of US VC-backed tech and healthcare firms are SVB clients 6 SVB is your strategic partner at every stage of growth Unlock tailored solutions designed for each stage of your company's journey. Navigate challenges with confidence and seize opportunities with expert support and innovative financial services. Pre-Seed and Seed Build a strong foundation with digital financial tools and banking solutions, plus sector expertise — all designed for your journey from pre-seed to Series A. Learn more Series A Advance your business to and through Series A with tailored financial products and services and personalized, expert guidance at every step. Learn more Series B, C+ Manage rapid growth and complexity with specialized products and services, dedicated service and expert guidance. Learn more Corporate Banking Navigate the path to IPO and beyond with our trusted support, helping you scale operations and drive growth in a competitive landscape. Learn more Explore our research for valuable insights into the innovation economy Report The Future of Fintech Discover how fintech companies are responding to rising revenue thresholds, rate cuts and regulatory changes. Explore the report Report The Future of Healthtech Get an in-depth look into what’s fueling healthtech to capture its largest share of healthcare VC in years. Explore the report Report Global Fund Banking Outlook Report H2 2025 SVB survey data show changing trade policy and continued technological innovation are top of mind for private funds CFOs. Explore the report Digital banking for high-growth companies Bank from the intuitive platform designed for startups who expect to scale. Free for every client of Silicon Valley Bank. Take a 3-min tour We serve investors across stages, sectors and regions SVB is the go-to financial partner for private equity, private credit, and venture capital investors. Private equity and credit funds SVB has the largest team in the industry with solutions for your firm, fund, and executives. Explore now Venture capital funds SVB is the leading behind-the-scenes support system for fund CFOs. Explore now Emerging managers SVB supports fund founders who are changing the venture landscape. Explore now Venture firms Get so much more than banking from our dedicated VC relationship management team. Explore now Corporate venture Supporting corporate VCs and innovation units looking to discover and evaluate tech and healthcare investments. Explore now Limited partners Benefit from a secure global fund banking platform and the largest team in the industry. Explore now Recent transactions Our deep experience in the innovation economy, coupled with our specialized solutions, help our clients reach their ambitious goals. Filter by All industries Technology Life Science & Healthcare Load more SVB is backed by the strength of First Citizens Bank $ 102 B in total client funds 7 $ 38 B in loans 8 + 1000 new clients (YTD) 9 $ 220 B in total assets $ 160 B in diversified deposits Named to Forbes' 2025 Most Trusted Companies in America List 10 Discover what SVB can do for you Our deep experience in the innovation economy, coupled with our specialized solutions, help innovative companies and
                investors reach their ambitious goals. Get started 1 Data based on internal analysis of the 2024 Forbes Fintech 50 list as Q1 2025, indicating SVB provided financial services to approximately 60% of the listed companies (as of June 2025). 2 Data based on internal analysis of the 2024 Forbes AI 50 list as Q1 2025, indicating SVB provided financial services to approximately 40% of the listed companies. 3 Bankrate's Best Banks for Startups 2024. Full list available at bankrate.com/banking/best-banks-for-startups/#the-best-banks-for-startups. 4 Data based on internal analysis of the 2024 Forbes Midas List indicated 82% of the investors on the list work for firms served by SVB. 5 Business Insider: 10 Best Banks for Startups 2025. Full list available at Businessinsider.com/10-best-banks-for-startups-according-to-founders-and-vcs-2025-8 6 Data reflects SVB clients comprising approximately 50% of all venture capital-backed technology and healthcare companies that completed an IPO in 2024, based on internal research and publicly available IPO data as of Q4 2024. 7 The sum of period-end on-balance sheet deposits and off-balance sheet client investment funds as of 6/30/2025. 8 Period-end total loans as of 6/30/2025. 9 Net new clients do not include clients that have left and returned. 10 First Citizens Bank ranked #42 on Forbes' 2025 list of America's Most Trusted Companies. Full list available at forbes.com/lists/most-trusted-companies/ All data sourced by First Citizens Bank and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First Citizens Bank, and as of Q2 2025, unless otherwise noted. Trends & Insights About Us Contact Careers Subscribe to newsletters Sign up now How We Help Clients Startup Banking Venture-Funded Corporate Banking Investors Private Banking & Wealth Advisory Industries We Serve Trends & Insights SVB Signature Research SVB Perspectives Startup Insights About Us Careers FAQ Newsroom Contact & Support Locations Contact Fraud Prevention Developer Resources Terms of Use Privacy Help for Homeowners Equal Credit Opportunity Act Disclosures Manage Email Preferences International Disclosures Your Privacy Choices Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company, as well as the other divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company (together, SVB), are U.S. financial institutions and provide products and services to non-U.S. clients on a cross-border basis from the United States of America. SVB is not licensed or regulated as a bank or any other type of financial institution outside of the United States of America. Please review our International Disclosures for more information. ©2025 First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company. All rights reserved. Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company. You are now leaving Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) You will be directed to a different website or mobile app that has its own terms of use, visitor agreement, security and privacy policies. SVB is not responsible for (and does not provide) any products, services or content at the third party site or app, except for the products and services that carry the SVB name. I understand, let's proceed Stay on SVB.com