About cookies on this site

We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customize content and advertisements.

Learn more

Cookie settings
ALLOW ALL COOKIES
Products
Community
Learn
Resources
 
Sign In
Get started
The Future of AI Relies on API Quality

Swagger enables design, governance, and testing across the full AI-enabled API lifecycle, ensuring quality at every step.

Build APIs ready for humans, LLMs, agents, and continuous innovation.

Find your tool
Read the docs

TRUSTED BY

FEATURES

Scale your API with confidence
Design

Faster Development

Document

Fewer support tickets

Functional Test

Increased confidence

Contract Test

Safer deployments

EMPOWERING API DEVELOPMENT

Streamline your workflow with unparalleled API specification support
API Specifications

Swagger places API specifications such as OpenAPI, AsyncAPI, and JSON Schema at the core of its architecture, which are crucial for guiding teams through the entire lifecycle of API design and documentation. This strategic focus ensures that our suite, including open source tools and Swagger Enterprise, delivers unparalleled efficiency and a seamless user experience.

Explore the API Specifications 

Swagger Open Source Tools

Discover the power of Swagger’s open source tools, built upon the core of API specifications and in collaboration with the community, which offer a rich set of features that address the unique challenges of API design and development. These open source offerings include:

Swagger Editor

Craft your APIs directly in your browser with real-time feedback and syntax auto-completion. 

Swagger UI

Visualize and interact with the API's resources without having any of the implementation logic in place. 

Swagger Codegen

Generate client libraries, server stubs, and API documentation from an OpenAPI Specification. 

Explore Open Source Tools 

Swagger

Swagger is built for teams of all sizes, integrating the core functionality of Swagger open source tools with advanced capabilities to support teamwork, enterprise API development and API discoverability.

Standards & Governance

Enforce consistent API design standards across your organization to simplify development and ensure compliance.

Team Collaboration

Streamline your API development with role-based access controls and sophisticated collaboration tools.

Effortless Integration

Deploy directly to popular API gateways, version control systems, webhooks, and more, ensuring your APIs are ready to scale.

Discover Swagger 

SmartBear Named a Leader by Gartner® in the 2024 Magic Quadrant™ for API Management

Learn More
Swagger and OpenAPI go hand‑in‑hand.

Swagger offers powerful and easy to use tools to take full advantage of the OpenAPI Specification. See how we do it 

SmartBear is committed to open source development. Create more with us.
Learn More

CONTACT US

USA
+1 617-684-2600
EUR
+353 91 398300
AUS
+61 391929960

COMPANY

About
Careers
Contact Us
Newsroom
Partners
Responsibility

RESOURCES

OpenAPI Specification
Resource Center
Blog
Docs

PRODUCTS

Swagger
Swagger Editor
Swagger Codegen
Swagger UI

LEGAL

Privacy
Security
Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use 
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
X
YouTube

© 2025 SmartBear Software. All Rights Reserved.