New Mexico’s Expert Internet Service Provider – Fall | Southwest Cyberport EMAIL Spam Filter Webmail – Roundcube Webmail – Horde Webmail – Twig Email Configuration Email Setup for iPhone and iPad CONTACT US Map Sign up Now! PRODUCTS Internet Access LightSpeed Business LightSpeed Home Premium Wireless Dedicated High-Speed Dial up Cloud Services Cloud Storage E-Mail Services Mailing Lists FTP Online Backup Service Support Services Colocated Servers Consulting PC Services Web Services Web Hosting Virtual Private Servers Domain Registrations SSL Certificates SUPPORT Account Info (Login) Members Portal Online Payment Privacy Policy Tools Remote Tech Support Useful Links What’s my IP address? Tutorials Support Wiki Screencasts Encryption Info General Policies Visit our Coworking Space Sitemap NEWS & DIRECTORIES News Calendar What’s Happening? Weather Newsletters ARTICLES Blog News Tech Articles Resources Security WordPress DIRECTORIES Epromenade Business Directory Non-profit Organizations Personal Pages Public Mailing Lists Select Page Happy Holidays Wishing you and your family a happy holiday season and the best for the coming New Year! New Mexico's Expert Internet Service Provider since 1994 If you have the need for speed, Southwest Cyberport’s got you covered.  But at SWCP, we go way beyond bandwidth. Our tech experts provide personalized services and support  to thousands of New Mexicans. We also offer state of the art web-publishing services and other web-services for small businesses and homes as well as commercial enterprises large and small. See our list of products What's New? We have a YouTube channel with tips about WordPress. Learn some WordPress in the time it takes to have a cup of coffee. Check out WP Coffee Break Ideas and Coffee SWCP sponsors Ideas and Coffee , a comfortable coworking space conveniently located across the hall from our main office.  It is a clean, quiet space for entrepreneurs and other independent workers  to  meet clients and associates or work online, with fast internet connections, coffee and all the other office amenities  needed to succeed. Visit our coworking space Our Blog Here in this blog you can find helpful articles on security, how to avoid spam and other pitfalls, and interesting tidbits about the Net as well as our staff and member community. Plus, there’s an archive of issues of our monthly newsletter, the SWCP Portal , which has longer and more in-depth pieces on the past, current, and future state of the Internet. Thanks, New Mexico and the world! Read recent articles  Web Services Web hosting, VPS  Internet Connectivity DSL, point to point, premium wireless, dialup  Cloud Services Email services, Online Backups, File Storage Building a News block using Custom Post Types Today we’ll be using simple, free plugins to create custom post types, and additional fields to create a ‘blog section’ that displays current news. This CPT will be accessible to a News Editor in the backend. The News Editor will be constrained to just editing News Item posts. Read More Understanding WordPress Themes Understanding the WordPress theme structure can help you be more efficient when working with WordPress. This is an introduction to that structure. Read More 2025 Changes to Domain Ownership Rules If you own a domain name registered through Southwest Cyberport, you have probably received an email from our domain registration partner, OpenSRS, regarding some rule changes in domain ownership. ICANN is the global body that oversees all aspects of Internet domain... Read More How to get started with WordPress in 2025 WordPress has long been one of the most recommended ways to  get started building websites. After all over 44% of the websites out there are built with WordPress, it must be good, right? Read More Email Boxes vs Domain Aliases What’s the difference between an Email box and a Domain Alias? They’re both email addresses, right? Read More Tools & Info Online Payment Online Signup Member Tools Prequal Remote PC Privacy Policy Web Dev’s Blog Products Internet Access Web Services Cloud Services Support Services Colocated Servers Webmail Roundcube Horde Twig Spam Filter Contact US 505-232-7992 5021 Indian School NE Suite 600 Albuquerque, NM 87110 help@swcp.com Facebook Instagram RSS Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress