Hej! Welcome to sweden.se – the official website of Sweden Skip to content Life Democracy Equality People Society Swedish language Work & business Business in Sweden Moving to Sweden Study & research Work in Sweden Climate Nature Sustainability Culture Arts & design Celebrations Food History Other languages About Sweden in other languages العربية Pусский About sweden.se Accessibility Cookie policy Hej! Welcome to Sweden. Traditions in Sweden Advent – the countdown to Christmas Traditions in Sweden Advent – the countdown to Christmas Sweden Happy Lucia! Christmas in Sweden The Lucia tradition Easter in Sweden Walpurgis Night – 30 April The National Day of Sweden – 6 June Midsummer Halloween the Swedish way All Saints’ Day in Sweden Religion in Sweden Research, innovation & higher education The Swedish Nobel Prize – awarding excellence The Nobel Prize celebrations A country of innovation Planning to study in Sweden? 10 ways to a greener future Sweden Safer streets with robotic bikes? 10 Swedish brands and innovations Video: A sun-powered delivery truck Higher education the Swedish way Interested in studying in Sweden? Check out the Study in Sweden website! Swedish recycling and beyond Sweden From Germany to Sweden: Meet Marcus, shaping the future with AI Video: Design for accessibility Work & business Find out more about working in Sweden Before you move to Sweden – 9 steps to help you plan Curious about a career in Sweden? Follow us on LinkedIn! Swedish companies take on the green transition Video: Welcome to Sweden's first bicycle house Why work in Sweden? Learning Swedish Sweden Cycling in Sweden - a part of everyday life IKEA and the flatpack revolution Starting a business in Sweden Follow us facebook instagram spotify YouTube threads x linkedin Sports, arts & entertainment Anna Riwkin-Brick – a pioneering photographer Swedish films and series – 10 stars, stories and successes Video: String – a timeless Swedish bookshelf Swedish architecture 10 Swedish sport stars Swedish design The Swedish music miracle Video: Q&A with the stars of 'Young Royals' 5 stories behind the success of gaming in Sweden Democracy in Sweden LGBTQI rights in Sweden Democracy in Sweden LGBTQI rights in Sweden Swedish government How do school lessons in Sweden shape equality? Gender equality Elections in Sweden Video: Paralife – more than just a café Openness in Sweden About sweden.se Accessibility Cookie policy Copyright © 2025 Swedish Institute