⭐ SW Hosting: Tech Innovation Affordable for Everyone ⭐ Domains Hosting Hosting Web Hosting The ideal Hosting for your website at the best price, with flexible plans that adapt to your needs. WordPress Hosting The ideal WordPress Hosting for your web project at the best price, with plans designed to suit you. PrestaShop Hosting The optimal PrestaShop Hosting for your online store at the best price, with versatile plans. WooCommerce Hosting The best WooCommerce Hosting for your digital store at the best price, with customizable plans. Moodle Hosting The perfect Moodle Hosting for your online course at the best price, with flexible plans. Releated content Your brand, Your control: The Fully Customisable Hosting Solution 29/04/2025 Everything you need to know about setting up a website 10/01/2025 What is SFTP and how is it used 16/08/2024 What is hosting and how does it work? Beginner's guide 31/07/2024 Cloud Cloud Cloud Standard Enjoy a Real Cloud with NVMe Flash Drives and High-Performance Intel® CPUs Cloud Xtreme A system based on power and reliability. MultiCloud Distribute the services (web, email and DB) of your Hosting plans between different Cloud servers to ensure maximum speed, performance, scalability and continuity of service. Releated content Debian 13 ¡Now available in your Cloud! 11/08/2025 Cloud Xtreme: Unleash Your Business Power with the Ultimate Cloud Solution 29/07/2025 Baremetal Resellers Contact Client area EN / $ Language: Español Català English Currency: EUR (€) USD ($) Domains Hosting Web Hosting WordPress Hosting PrestaShop Hosting WooCommerce Hosting Moodle Hosting Cloud Cloud Standard Cloud Xtreme MultiCloud Baremetal Resellers Contact EN / $ Español Català English EUR (€) USD ($) SW Hosting your digital ally Domain FREE with Smart Hosting Flex Prime 60 GB Total Space Unlimited traffic Support 24/7/365 Certificate SSL y TLS Migration free CDN de Cloudflare Get offer $2.31/month Take your digital business to the next level Up to 92% OFF on Smart Hosting Lite 19 GB Total Space Traffic ulimited Support 24/7/365 . Certificate SSL y TLS Migration gratuita CDN of Cloudflare . Start today $2.25/month Solutions for digital success. Innovation and Control Cloud Hosting Reseller Accelerate your business . Centralize and Dominate con SWPanel Real Time Optimization . Customized plans . Advanced Security . Availability Assured . Get a month free! Committed to growing your success All in one for your digital project Domains , Hosting and Cloud : everything you need to strengthen your digital presence with exceptional performance and security. Accelerate your business as a Reseller Maximize your income with our Reseller tools. Create, manage and sell your own plans with full support and integrated billing. Transform the management of your business Manage, control and secure your servers and locations easily and quickly. Developers, programmers and marketing agencies, this is for you. We offer digital solutions tailored to you. For all kinds of needs and technical levels User management house brand Customize your plans Billing Guaranteed safety Your users are YOURS Complete user management SWPanel access Resource Usage Control Hierarchical relationship permits Create access profiles for customers Total Control of Web Services Manage and customize all your web services from an intuitive and secure dashboard, designed to fit your brand and facilitate your operations. Design and customize the panel with your own branding Easy management of web services Multilanguage Support Advanced Security Your flexible and scalable solution Adapt and scale your web services, growth without limits. We adapt to your needs Unlimited Scalability Total Flexibility Solutions that evolve with you Integrated Billing Management Control and optimize your invoices Manages and consults invoices Manage the balance Manages various payment methods Efficient ticket support Start selling with confidence First level security for your information. Integral Protection Certifications and Compliance Continuous Monitoring Automated Updates The level of performance your web projects deserve. Power your project with security, constant improvements, optimal speed and flexible plans, without permanence. Your domain in minutes Hire a Growth or Unlimited hosting plan and get a free domain for the first year. Perfect to launch your digital project! More info > Web hosting with everything you need! Customizable plans, 24/7 support, exceptional performance and over 25 years of experience. Your website in the best hands! . More info > Cloud Flash & Intel® at the best price! Maximum performance at an unbeatable price with our Clouds Discos All Flash y CPU Intel® to make your project fly. Pay only for what you use More info > Resellers and Professionals like you! Control, customize and offer the best hosting to your customers More info > All in one place. Accelerate your growth. Unlimited scalability: Adapt your website to the pace of your growth without restrictions. Domain Management and SSL Improve your online presence, manage your domains and SSL certificates. Optimize your Server Control your server and protect your data!
Optimal performance and security in the cloud. Own user management Give your users full control over their services with our SWPanel. SW Hosting Venta efectuada Tu comisión: $51.98 EARN WITHOUT LIMITS Get a 35% recurring commission for every hosting sale you generate No upfront costs and no hassle! Make money today! More than 2,000 m 2 of own installations and Data Centers on the European and American continents. We offer 5 Tier III+ datacenters in Spain, Germany, London, São Paulo and USA (East and West), with more than 2,000 m² of dedicated facilities. Choose the location your customers prefer to improve speed and user experience. Optimize website performance with our global network. With the trust of thousands of people and companies Shared experiences The hosting service is simply outstanding. The interface is intuitive and the technical support is always available to help. highly recommended! Angel Perez Self-employed The performance of the servers is impressive. My website has never loaded so fast. Also, the price is very competitive Alvaro Web Developer I have tried several hosting services, but none offer such good value for money as this one. Easy to use and very reliable. Marc Freelancer Programmer El soporte al cliente es de primera. Responden rápidamente y siempre solucionan mis problemas con eficacia. Estoy muy contento con el servicio. LITTON Marketing Agency Power your web project Contact with us Start with a domain Domains and Hosting Domains Domain rates SSL Certificates Whois API Hosting Web Hosting Hosting for WordPress Hosting for PrestaShop Hosting for WooCommerce Hosting for Moodle SW EasyWeb Cloud Servers Cloud Server Standard Cloud Xtreme Server Cloud with Panel MultiCloud One Click Apps Cloud by OS Resellers Company Baremetal Events Company Housing Guides and Tutorials Blog Affiliate Program Employment Contact Social Networking Facebook Instagram X (Twitter) Linkedin Youtube © 2026 SW Hosting Legal Information Cookie information Data Protection Policy Abuse Policy ISO 27001 Prices shown on the website do not include taxes i