Swiftgram Swiftgram Features Security Reviews Swiftgram Swiftgram Supercharged Telegram experience Supercharged Telegram experience Feature-rich, unlocked and secure iOS client for Telegram Feature-rich, unlocked and secure iOS client for Telegram Download Download 4.5 1287 Ratings Join over 420K+ using Swiftgram 4.5 1059 Ratings Go beyond Telegram with curated features Accounts Backup New device or deleted the app? Restore sessions from encrypted local Apple Keychain backup. Message Filter Reduce visibility of spam, promotions and annoying messages. Quick Formatting panel Save time preparing your posts with a panel right above your keyboard. Disable @mentions and replies Hide or silence non-important notifications. Unlimited Accounts Add as many accounts as you want and view any chats you need. Endless Customi z ation 50+ customizations: including Tabs, Chat List and Folders, Profiles, Stories, Translatior, Photos, Stickers, Context Menu and much, MUCH MORE! Go beyond Telegram with curated features Message Filter Reduce visibility of spam, promotions and annoying messages. Message Filter Reduce visibility of spam, promotions and annoying messages. Session Backup New device or deleted the app? Restore sessions from encrypted local Apple Keychain backup. Disable @mentions and replies Hide or silence non-important notifications. Quick Formatting panel Save time preparing your posts with a panel right above your keyboard. Quick Formatting panel Save time preparing your posts with a panel right above your keyboard. Endless Customi z ation 50+ customizations: including Tabs, Chat List and Folders, Profiles, Stories, Translatior, Photos, Stickers, Context Menu and much, MUCH MORE! Unlimited Accounts Add as many accounts as you want and view any chats you need. Swiftgram is Swiftgram is 100% open-source 100% open-source Empowering Transparency and Trust Empowering Transparency and Trust See what others say about Swiftgram See what others say about Swiftgram Download Download 4.5 4.5 1287 Ratings It’s honestly the best telegram client it has no ads No unnecessary bots… And it has some really useful options like selecting all from an author and saving to cloud without having to forward. It translates the whole chat unlike nicegram which you have to select the messages one by one And the “content settings“ actually works ParsaXD No ads and opensourced swiftgramchat/33104 Just wanted to say thanks for the work put into the app. i had originally complained about nicegram’s ad embedding not realizing it was now owned by a new entity and no longer open sourced. happy to have stumbled on this (swiftgram) @cwipppy Resolved issue with VoiceOver swiftgramchat/51345 Swiftgram … has resolved the broken Share Sheet issue with VoiceOver … I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you for handling such a huge glitch Amir Soleimani 好东西 语音转文字免费用也太方便了 Anonymous Perfect client! Been waiting for a good alternative to the official telegram client on iOS and Swiftgram ticks all the boxes. aryannn999 Просто лучший Раньше пользовался другими приложениями и там постоянно были проблемы либо натыканы куча всякого мусора. А вот swiftgram, легкое, удобное и со стабильными обновлениями. Вообщем, разработчикам мой поклон Булка.с.маслом лучший клиент для тележки! 👏 🙂 swiftgramchat/46977 Спасибо, дружище!!! Твой Nicegram был лучшим и твой Swiftgram сейчас - лучший @iRemix Unique features swiftgramchat/47372 The moment I discovered your app on Reddit I loved it. Thanks for providing excellent functions which others don’t! @SJD666 Allucinante Cioè con questo client si batte di brutto tutto il resto! SiNaPsEr0x God bless you swiftgramchat/33065 Thank you very much for allowing us to use the best client of all! May God bless you always and give you wisdom to do what is right not only for you but for all SWIFTGRAM users! @geronimo_1923 Airplay support Was telegram Jahre nicht hinbekommen hat, findet hier seine daseinsberechtigung: VIDEOS UND FILME PER AIRPLAY DIREKT AUS TELEGRAM AN DEN APPLE TV Keep improving the app xPat97 Swiftgram Download News Channel Chat with Dev Source Code TestFlight Beta Create a free website with Framer, the website builder loved by startups, designers and agencies.