Swimcloud Login Register Login Register Home Meets Recruiting Help Privacy Terms Close Home Meets Recruiting Help Privacy Terms Worldwide Results Türkiye Sportif Kulupler Genç vs Açık Yas Sampiyonasi Dec 24–28, 2025 ANTALYA, TUR Cumberland Valley Holiday Invite Dec 29, 2025 Mechanicsburg, PA Verona Invitational Dec 30, 2025 Verona, WI Parkland vs. Southern Lehigh Dec 30, 2025 Allentown, PA 26th Annual Metro Swim Officials Meet Dec 30, 2025 Mequon, WI Don Davis Giant Invite Dec 29, 2025 Highland Park, IL Xavier v. Daniel Hand Dec 29, 2025 Middletown, CT Blue Mountain vs. Marian Catholic Dec 29, 2025 Orwigsburg, PA Miting rekorda Dec 27–28, 2025 Banja Luka, BIH More College commitments See why 80% of college freshmen trust Swimcloud to start their college journey. Learn more Yves Pan Brea, CA I am blessed and excited to announce my commitment to continue my academic and athletic career at Occidental College! I would like to first thank Coach Haley and Coach Beau for this opportunity. Huge thank you to Coach Brian and Coach Keith for their everlasting guidance, and Coach Nancy for helping me fall in love with the sport. Lastly, I would like to thank my parents, teammates, and friends who have stood behind me and cheered at … Occidental College Ava Keever Mechanicsville, MD I’m honored and incredibly excited to announce my commitment to continue both my academic and swimming journey at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. I’d like to thank God, my family, coaches, and teammates for their constant love and support. Thank you Coach Villa for this incredible opportunity. Go Hawks! Indiana University of Pennsylvania Arda Akkoyun İzmir, TUR I’m incredibly proud and happy to announce my commitment to further my academic and athletic career at Harvard University!
I’m grateful to my family, friends, and coaches for their constant support throughout this process, and a special thank you to the Harvard coaching staff for believing in me and giving me this opportunity.
Excited for this next chapter of my life.
GO CRIMSON!!! ❤️ Harvard University More Swimmers Swimcloud let's you take control of your swimming by harnessing the power of data to help you reach your goals. Learn more Coaches Swimcloud is the all-in-one team manager that brings your team's data together.
            With Swimcloud you will save time and money, eliminate mistakes and engage their fans. Learn more College Recruiters Each year over 9,000 recruits from all 50 states and 150 countries begin their college search on Swimcloud. Learn more Meet Directors Swimcloud's Meet Manager provides all the functionality you've come to expect from meet management software but without the complexity. Learn more Associations Swimcloud makes it easy for associations to manage results, rankings, and run better meets.
            Save time, reduce errors, and deliver a seamless experience for your teams and fans. Learn more