Loading …
Lufthansa redirection modal is displayed
Round trip is the current trip type
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
Loading has been completed
Go to current travel information
Go to navigation
Go to main content
Go to flight search
Go to search
Go to footer
Swiss
Login
Navigation
Book & Prepare
My booking
Discover SWISS
Main content
Flight search
Flights
Car
Hotel
Type of trip
Round trip
Round trip
Change Booking Class and Traveller. Travel details modal will be opened.
Economy, 1 traveller
From
To
Search flights
Check-In
Flight Status
My Bookings
Miles & More
SWISS Rail & Air
With KTX, Korea Train Express, book and travel with ease from/to major cities in Korea.
Find out more
Airbus A350
Welcoming our first SWISS Airbus A350 to Zurich
Discover more
Route network

With the summer timetable 2026, you can fly direct to Poznań and Rijeka.

Discover now
Student offer

Enjoy free additional check-in baggage and extra savings with our Student fares.

More information
-15% Travel eSIM

Affordable, secure data with easy setup, top-ups, and great networks.

Connect now
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
Swiss Travel Pass - Save CHF 30

Exclusive combo offer on Swiss Travel Pass, Jungfrau, Titlis & Matterhorn.

Buy now
Recommendations
Offers are displayed
Rental cars

Travel safely and flexibly with a rental car from our partner.

SWISS Choice

Make your journey even more comfortable with our additional services.

Your hotel from Booking.com

Our global hotel partners have the best prices for you.

Footer
About us
Careers
Company
Media
Sustainability
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
Lufthansa Group for Business
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
Accessibility statement
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
Services
Check-in information
Baggage
Arrival and departure
Miles & More
Customer support
Help & Contact
FAQs
Refund
SWISS Chat Assistant
Stay informed
Newsletter
Mobile apps
Payment options
Destinations
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external page.
Copyright
Swiss
Imprint
Legal
Data protection
Change Privacy Settings
Star Alliance
Privacy Settings

We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to run the app and the website. Additional cookies are only used with your consent. We use them to access, analyse and store information such as the characteristics of your device as well as certain personal data (IP addresses, navigation usage, geolocation data or unique identifiers). The processing of your data serves various purposes: Analytics cookies allow us to analyse our performance to offer you a better online experience and evaluate the efficiency of our campaigns. Personalisation cookies give you access to a customised experience of our website with usage-based offers and support. Finally, Advertising cookies are placed by third-party companies processing your data to create audiences lists to deliver targeted ads on social media and the internet. You may freely give, refuse or withdraw your consent at any time using the link provided at the bottom of each page. You can consent to our use of cookies by clicking on Agree. For more information on which data is collected and how it is shared with our partners please read our privacy and cookie policy: Privacy policy  Cookie policy

My settings
Analytics

Monitor website traffic and optimize your user experience
Evaluate which marketing channels are performing better
Analyse aggregated data about usage of the website to understand our customers. Randomized identifiers shared with partners.

Personalisation

Store your preferences from previous visits
Collect user feedback to improve our website
Evaluate your interests to provide you unique customised content and offers

Advertising

Make online and social advertising more relevant for you
Invite specific customer groups to reconnect with our products later
Sharing the specific customer data with advertising and social media partners to match our customer needs

I do not agree
Agree