SWOCA | Complex IT solutions, simplified. Support Student Services Fiscal Accounting Library Services Tech Support Municipal Services Training Student Services Fiscal Accounting Library Services Tech Support Municipal Services Documentation Student Services Fiscal Accounting Library Services Tech Support Municipal Services Portals Student Services Fiscal Accounting Library Services Tech Support Municipal Services Log In Get Help Updates About Contact Complex IT solutions, simplified. We provide trusted IT solutions for government and education in Ohio. SWOCA creates and manages information technology solutions and offers support to government and education agencies in Ohio. We are one of 18 Information Technology Centers (ITCs) in Ohio, providing vital information processing services and support to over 900 school districts, Educational Service Centers, community schools and approximately 1.4 million students throughout the state. About us Upcoming Training Sessions View All Student Services Jan Tue 6 ***CANCELED*** Student Profile Bulk Update/Ad-Hoc Memberships Webinar Learn More Student Services Jan Thu 8 SameGoal - New Features Review Learn More Student Services Jan Thu 8 FY26 eMap Learn More Register for Training Training Keep everyone clear and heading in the right direction with comprehensive sessions. Book a session. Support Troubleshoot and work through issues to keep workflow moving efficiently. Get help. Documentation Provide clear and helpful instructions to staff members. Search documents. Portals Easily access and manage information from one convenient location. Log in. Let’s get started Contact OR Register for Training IT Made Simple. SWOCA is a member-owned consortium of school districts and one of the largest Information Technology Centers (ITC) in Ohio. We serve 43 public and community school districts located in seven counties in Southwest Ohio that educate over 140,000 students each day. We also provide services to non-public schools and offer complete IT solutions for local governments. Navigation Support Training Documentation Portals Updates About Contact About Job Opportunities Administration Team Our Facilities Governance GET HELP © 2025 SWOCA  |  SouthWest Ohio Computer Association 3611 Hamilton-Middletown Road | Hamilton, OH 45011 | (513) 867-1028 | Fax: (513) 867-0754 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Cookie settings ACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT