Swoogo | Event Management Software Your Events’ Mobile Sidekick 📱 Check out Go Attend → Swoogo Open menu Product Capabilities Registration Easy registration, limitless customization, happy attendees. Data + Insights Get full insight into attendee and event engagement. Event Logistics All the parts that turn your events into experiences. Integrations Connect Swoogo to all your critical business solutions. Event Marketing Websites, emails: event marketing made easy. Event Hub Content, agendas, and details in a unified location. Call for Speakers Collect and review sessions before your event. Mobile Apps Learn more about Go Attend and Go Onsite. Platform Overview → Enterprise Ready → In-House Support → Solutions By Event Type Conferences Field Marketing Webinars Internal Events In-Person Events Digital Events Hybrid Events By Industry For Enterprise For Media For Agencies For Tech For EDUs For Manufacturers Pro Services Security & Compliance Pricing Resources Knowledge Hub Product Updates See recent features and changes Resources Hub Find, learn, and explore Blog Tips, tricks, and a deeper look at all things events Customer Stories Real stories from real users API Reference The nitty-gritty on connecting custom integrations to Swoogo REPORT The 2025 Eventscape We just surveyed 500 event pros, and almost half of them (47%) said they’re ditching hybrid events. A shift is happening in our industry this year, in more ways than one — and we want to make sure you’re ahead of the game. Read the Report → About Learn More About Us Creating powerful experiences for the people you bring together Our Mission & Culture Learn what Swoogo's culture stands for. Partners Let's bring people together ... together! Careers Come work somewhere that doesn’t feel so work-y! Bringing People Together CEO Chris Sykes on how Swoogo's people-focused culture is the driving force behind its continued growth. Learn more → Book a Demo Log In Close menu Product Registration Easy registration, limitless customization, happy attendees. Data + Insights Get full insight into attendee and event engagement. Event Logistics All the parts that turn your events into experiences. Integrations Connect Swoogo to all your critical business solutions. Event Marketing Websites, emails: event marketing made easy. Event Hub Content, agendas, and details in a unified location. Call for Speakers Collect and review sessions before your event. Mobile Apps Learn more about Go Attend and Go Onsite. Solutions By Industry For Enterprise For Media For Agencies For Tech For EDUs For Manufacturers By Event Type Conferences Field Marketing Webinars Internal Events In-Person Events Digital Events Hybrid Events Pro Services Resources Product Updates Resources Hub Blog Customer Stories API Reference About About Us Our Mission & Culture Partners Careers Pricing Book a Demo Log In awesome event organizer your attendees The event platform that gets you so you can wow them Swoogo helps eliminate event busywork, and gives you time back for the human stuff. Why not event different? Book your demo Registration & Event Websites Best-in-class registration with unlimited custom rules, logic, and fields. Build any registration flow you can dream of. Event Marketing Boost your event conversion rates with personalized registration, automated communications, and data at your fingertips. Session & Speaker Management Easily gather, review, and manage session proposals. Keep everything centralized and streamlined! Sponsor Management Give your sponsors the recognition and ROI they deserve. Tailor their reg experience, communications, and host 1:1 meetings. Event Mobile Apps Keep your guests engaged and informed with a mobile app for any event. Your guests will always feel connected to what’s happening next. Onsite Check-in Quickly and easily check guests into your event, and to sessions. With quick access analytics, you always know who’s in attendance. Data Insights With event dashboards, cross event reporting, and a global attendee record you can slice n' dice your data to make informed decisions. Integrations Extend the power of your data with native integrations to 30+ technologies, or build exactly what you need with our developer tools and open API. Virtual & Hybrid Extend your event reach with virtual and hybrid options. Build fully branded digital experiences that break down geographical boundaries. Registration & Event Websites Event Marketing Session & Speaker Management Sponsor Management Event Mobile Apps Onsite Check-in Data Insights Integrations Virtual & Hybrid Best-in-class registration with unlimited custom rules, logic, and fields. Build any registration flow you can dream of. Learn More→ Boost your event conversion rates with personalized registration, automated communications, and data at your fingertips. Learn More→ Easily gather, review, and manage session proposals. Keep everything centralized and streamlined! Learn More→ Give your sponsors the recognition and ROI they deserve. Tailor their reg experience, communications, and host 1:1 meetings. Learn More→ Keep your guests engaged and informed with a mobile app for any event. Your guests will always feel connected to what’s happening next. Learn More→ Quickly and easily check guests into your event, and to sessions. With quick access analytics, you always know who’s in attendance. Learn More→ With event dashboards, cross event reporting, and a global attendee record you can slice n' dice your data to make informed decisions. Learn More→ Extend the power of your data with native integrations to 30+ technologies, or build exactly what you need with our developer tools and open API. Learn More→ Extend your event reach with virtual and hybrid options. Build fully branded digital experiences that break down geographical boundaries. Learn More→ You can run events on any platform.
        It’s easier on Swoogo. Create, customize, and track your events effortlessly — with a team (of real people) that’s always there to help. Field Marketing Events Conferences Internal Events Webinars Manage roadshows, dinners, and more with customizable registration, attendee tracking, and real-time insights — so you can work the room, not the spreadsheets. Take control of complex agendas, speaker submissions, and attendee lists. Your biggest challenge should be finding the coffee, not fixing registration. Keep team meetings, trainings, and company retreats running smoothly with built-in communications, easy attendee management, and absolutely nowhere to slot in a trust fall. Run fully branded, stress-free virtual events that work with the streaming tools of your choice. Engage your audience without juggling five different platforms. Whether it’s in person or online — how much easier could your events be? See for Yourself Swoogo Support: never event alone! We don't outsource our support — when you connect with our team, you’re getting someone who knows Swoogo inside and out. Dedicated internal team Personal strategy team and in-house support. Account manager An experienced guide for all the ins and outs of your business. In-house support team Actual Swoogo professionals, with extensive training. Customer success rep Extra training to handle enterprise demands specific to your needs. Fast response service 15 minutes during business hours, for a substantive response. Top-to-bottom resources Access to the whole company means they WILL get you answers. Staff continuity Your AM knows you and your business. With you for the long haul. 24/7 world-wide coverage Our support team offers global coverage for your global needs. 🌎 35 million attendees brought together globally ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5.0/5.0 rating on G2 crowd 📊 1 trillion spreadsheets avoided (we think) "The events platform with it all!" Angie Neas "Swoogo always has your back." Josh Shepherd "I am the biggest Swoogo fan!" Mallory Pyles Let's chat! We'd love to hear about your events, and see how we can help. Get a Demo We'd love to hear about your events, and see how we can help. Get a Demo Show me the money Let's talk events! [+] [-] Expand Americas location details Americas 1925 Century Park East Suite 1700 Los Angeles, CA 90067 USA +1 805-328-4985 [+] [-] Expand APAC location details APAC Level 35, Tower One International Towers 100 Barangaroo Avenue Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia [+] [-] Expand EMEA location details EMEA International House 64 Nile Street London N1 7SR United Kingdom Capabilities Platform Overview Registration Event Marketing Event Logistics Data & Insights Integrations Event Hub Call for Speakers Enterprise Solutions Conferences Webinars Internal Events Field Marketing In-Person Events Digital Events Hybrid Events For Media For Higher Ed For Agencies For Tech Resources Resource Center Pricing Blog Customer Stories API Docs Product Updates Company About Us Our Mission & Culture Careers Partnerships Sustainability Security Copyright © 2025 Swoogo. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies