Skip to main content
Library
Current students
Staff intranet
Find an event
Give
Contact us
Study
Research
Engage with us
About us
News & opinion
A global top 25 university
QS World University Rankings 2026
Learn more
Find a course
Type keywords
View all courses
Architecture, Design and Planning
Arts and social sciences
Business
Economics
Education and social work
Engineering and computer science
Law
Medicine and health
Music
Science
Study

Whether you’re starting out, wanting to further your career, or pursuing a passion, let’s make it happen.

Find a course
Applying
Fees, costs and loans
International students
Study with us
Study levels
Undergraduate courses
Postgraduate courses
Research
Short courses
About

We've spent over 170 years empowering brilliant minds from all walks of life to strive for better – for themselves, their communities and their world.

Our rankings
Getting to campus
Faculties and schools
Careers at Sydney
About us
1st in Australia, 25th globally
Consistently ranked as one of the best in education, research and facilities
US News 2025–2026; QS World University Rankings 2026
15th for sustainability
We’re tackling the world’s biggest environmental, social and governance challenges to create lasting impact
QS World University Rankings 2026
Our research

Our researchers are tackling the world’s greatest problems, from creating a more sustainable world to developing new treatments for chronic diseases.

Research areas

Our breadth of expertise across our faculties and schools is supported by deep disciplinary knowledge.

Research centres

With more than 150 research centres and networks, we are one of the world's leading research universities.

Find a researcher

Our academics are leaders in their fields, publishing thousands of articles, books, and research papers each year.

Alumni

Our 445,000+ alumni, spread worldwide, make a significant global impact. They volunteer, serve on boards, and support our research vision to tackle global challenges.

Get involved
Benefits program
Update your details
Sydney Alumni Community
Partner

Whether you're in government, enterprise-level business or a high-tech start-up, connect with us to make your vision a reality.

Contact us
Find a staff member
Collaborate with our researchers
Work with our students
Partner with us
News and opinion

Read the latest news, expert commentary and independent opinion from the University of Sydney.
Read all

Dubbo's first rural MD graduates set to start careers in the bush
After four years of study, the first cohort of students from the Doctor of Medicine – Dubbo Stream – is about to graduate and make its mark across regional and rural Australia as country doctors.
Sydney 15th globally in QS rankings for sustainability
The University performed strongly in the QS World University Rankings Sustainability ranking 15th globally overall and sixth for social impact.
How hybrid wheat could change farming
Working with local farmers, University of Sydney scientists have developed a hybrid wheat to deliver tougher, higher-yielding crops to support Australian growers and feed communities around the world.
Contact us
Contact us online

Prospective students
Current students

Call us

1800 793 864 (within Australia)
+61 2 8627 1444 (outside Australia)

Other

Non-student enquiries
for Media, Alumni, Engagement etc.

We recognise and pay respect to the Elders and communities - past, present, and emerging - of the lands that the University of Sydney's campuses stand on. For thousands of years they have shared and exchanged knowledges across innumerable generations for the benefit of all.

Learn more

Media
News
Find an expert
Media contacts
Student links
How to log in to University systems
Key dates
Class timetables
Policy
About us
Our world university rankings
Faculties and schools
Research centres
Campus locations
Connect
Contact us
Find a staff member
Careers at Sydney
Emergencies and personal safety
Feedback, concerns and complaints
Disclaimer
Privacy statement
Accessibility
Website feedback
Your privacy settings

ABN: 15 211 513 464

CRICOS Number: 00026A

TEQSA: PRV12057