Home | Synaptics CUSTOMER PORTAL Go to Portal Register Forgot Password | Unlock Account Toggle navigation Products Toggle submenu Wireless Connectivity Wi-Fi 7 Wi-Fi Bluetooth/BLE Thread/Zigbee GNSS/GPS Compute & Processing Astra Embedded Processors Multimedia SoCs Enterprise Audio Processors Fax/Modem/Printer Processors Display & Interface Video Interface ICs DisplayLink Graphics Display Driver ICs (DDIC) Automotive Display ICs Touch & Biometric Touch Controller ICs Integrated Touch & Display ICs TouchPad Modules Fingerprint Sensors Applications Toggle submenu PC Notebooks/Laptops Automotive Docking Stations Audio Headsets & Hearables PC Accessories AR/VR Headsets Smart Displays Set-Top Box, Media Streamers Smart Security Voice Assistant Devices Smartphones Robotics Touch ICs Support Toggle submenu Astra Software & SDK Buy an Astra Machina Kit File a Support Ticket Astra Developer Zone DisplayLink DisplayLink Forum DisplayLink Support Firmware Builder Other Products Contact Support Packecraft Support Portal Careers Company Toggle submenu About Us Leadership Partnerships News Events Investor Relations Blog Contact Us Search Search Enter Keywords Search Introducing Astra TM SL2600 Series The Astra SL2610 product line brings transformer-capable AI, industry-leading efficiency, and secure, scalable compute — redefining what’s possible at the intelligent IoT edge. Explore SL2600 Series Powering Edge AI Devices With Ultra-Fast Wi-Fi® 7 Solutions Integrate the superior efficiency of Veros™ Wi-Fi 7 solutions into your IoT devices for ultra-low latency connections, real-time responsiveness, effortless device integration and scalable performance. Read More Delivering High-Performance AI MCUs Empower your consumer, industrial and enterprise IoT solutions with the SR-Series, our AI-native, multimodal microcontrollers that enable advanced, context-aware features. Learn More Enabling Power-Efficiency with Our Wireless Triple Combo SoC The SYN461x wireless connectivity SoC delivers ultra-low power consumption, smooth system integration, compact design, rapid time to market, outstanding rate-over-range performance and seamless interoperability for your edge IoT devices. Read More News Nov 26, 2025 Charting the course for a truly multi-modal device edge Read More Nov 21, 2025 Inside Synaptics’ Decision To Open-Source Its AI Compiler Read More Nov 17, 2025 Synaptics at the Edge: A Conversation with CEO Rahul Patel Read More Engineering Exceptional Experiences Synaptics combines IoT and AI with Human Interface technologies. Processing Build differentiation with our power-efficient multi-modal AI-enabled MPUs and high-performance AI and connectivity MCUs. Featured Astra Embedded Processors Multimedia SoCs Connecting Veros™ unites Synaptics' portfolio of wireless solutions optimized for IoT and delivers high-performance, power-efficient solutions for a wide range of applications. Featured Wi-Fi Bluetooth Thread/Zigbee GNSS/GPS ULE Sensing Synaptics specializes in advanced sensing solutions that enhance human-device interaction. Featured Fingerprint Touchpad Integrated Touch & Display ICs Touch Controllers Solutions that Make a Difference Choosing Synaptics expands your smart IoT portfolio with: High-Performance AI Build smarter, more context-aware devices and maximize your competitive potential. Optimized Structure Synaptics simplifies AI software development with built-in tools, empowering you to launch products faster. Seamless Cross-Platform Integration Seamlessly integrate solutions across multiple operating systems and device types. Leadership for Every Experience Expanding Your Smart IoT Portfolio with Industry-Leading Solutions: High-Performance AI, Optimized Structure, Seamless Cross-Platform Integration, and more. Smart Security Automotive Mobile Audio PC Fostering Innovation Across Generations of Technology 2,617 Patents 470+ OEMs Industry Leaders Trust Us "Arm technology has powered multiple generations of Synaptics AI-enabled IoT solutions for multimedia, audio, and conferencing markets. We are excited to continue the partnership to address fragmentation across broader IoT market segments and look forward to collaborating on ensuring long-term success for the Synaptics Astra IoT platform." Paul Williamson SVP & GM, IoT Line of Business, ARM "We have had great success with Synaptics' best-in-class connectivity modules. With Synaptics' Astra Platform we are excited to bring new system on modules (SoMs) combining highly integrated intelligent computing and wireless connectivity to the embedded IoT market." Janet Wei CEO, AMPAK "LGU+ and Synaptics have a long history of partnership that has brought new and innovative features with every product generation. Together we invested early in AI and have use cases already deployed, including AI-based sound enhancements for a truly unique user experience. We are just starting to scratch the surface of AI's capabilities and are excited to see how Synaptics Astra Platform will further accelerate our lead in AI at the edge." DaeWon-Song VP, R&D Center, LGU+ "embedUR is excited to partner with Synaptics on the Astra platform to enable cutting-edge AI models on its scalable portfolio of IoT processors with integrated NPUs. Working closely with Synaptics Engineering, embedUR integrated YOLO image segmentation models on tiny devices to achieve remarkable performance. We look forward to closer collaboration across many real-world edge applications." John Marconi VP Technology, embedUR "Feature-flexibility, performance, and power efficiency are critical for multi-modal smart conference systems. Synaptics' proven compute and connectivity solutions, coupled with its AI toolkit, provided the assurance we needed to execute a highly interactive solution. As we enable AI-powered features such as voice-to-text, gesture recognition, translation, and meeting summaries, we are excited to see where the Synaptics Astra Platform can take us." Wesley Chen AVP, QSI Insights Discover more Synaptics and Alps Alpine Partner to Unlock the Power of Bluetooth® 6.0 Synaptics and Alps Alpine have announced a collaboration to accelerate the next-generation wireless solutions powered by... Read more Why Openness Matters for AI at the Edge Openness across software, standards, and silicon is critical for ensuring interoperability, flexibility, and the growth of AI at... Read more Introducing Synaptics Astra SL2610: The Edge Processor Engineers Have Been Waiting For There’s a growing tension in the world of connected products. On one side, engineers find themselves having to push... Read more Company Learn more about how Synaptics pushes human interface technology to new heights. About Synaptics Careers Check out our careers page to learn more about our culture and openings around the world. Explore careers Support Get support from Synaptics experts. Learn more English 简体中文 Blog Events Support Company Careers Customer Portal Contact Us ©2025 Synaptics Incorporated. All rights reserved. Website Privacy Policy Information Security Disclosure Legal 👋Have questions about Synaptics or our products? Ask me, an AI assistant. Receive the latest news sfy39587stp30 3 3 6424