SyncSign – E-Ink Digital Signage for Room Schedule Display Skip to content Products E-Ink Displays Hot Desking Signage Solutions Office Co-working Space School Clinic Home Retail Store How It Works? Resources Data Security Case Study Heal Healthcare Clinic Charlotte Country Day School MaKami College Stoble Workspace Schwan’s (Desk Hoteling) Specifications Gallery Built-in Template Blog Knowledge Base User Guides Developers IoT System Status Contact Shop Space Management Made Easy Minimize Confusion or Overbooking No More "Ghost" Booked Rooms Sync with Your Existing Calendars Flexible & Self-Install in Minutes Learn More Space Management Made Easy Minimize Confusion or Overbooking No More "Ghost" Booked Rooms Sync with Your Existing Calendars Flexible & Self-Install in Minutes Visualize Your Workspace With True Wireless Solutions Meeting Room Display Easily integrate SyncSign with your current calendar system. Make the meeting rooms more organized with SyncSign wireless meeting room display. As what it should be! E-ink Displays Place it anywhere to visualize meeting schedules, appointment information, action plans, and collaborative tasks, empowering teams to work more efficiently and make better use of the space. Hassle Free Booking & Scheduling Conference Room Co-working Space Educational Venue Gymnasium Conference Room Schedule at a glance Avoid confusion and wastage caused by rebooking, and maximize the utilization of every available room. Co-working Space Digital Desk Signage Showing each desk availability precisely in the co-working spaces, maximize use of hybrid workspace through improved visibility. Educational Venue An Indicator of Course Arrangement Display the current curriculum schedule and show the notification when the classroom was changed or canceled. Gymnasium The Flexible Wayfinding and Signage It’s so convenient for temporary facilities and general layout to make the places more clean and decent than before without a mass of cables. See more use cases Sync with Your Existing Calendars Calendar UI Just use your familiar user interface. Employee Friendly No IT knowledge or training needed. Automatic Synchronize real-time status of the calendars. With familiar user-friendly interface. No IT knowledge or training needed. Synchronize real-time status of the calendars. Energy-efficient & Maintenance-free True Wireless 2.4GHz two-way communication, no cables required. Battery Powered At least 1-year battery life, benefits from the e-ink screen and new connectivity technology. Green Technology Eco-friendly and sustainable. Get rid of any paper or printing. Lowest TCO Reduce total cost of ownership by eliminating installation and maintenance fee.​ Easy to Install - Just Like A Sticky Note SyncSign can easily attach on almost any surface with the wall-mounted bracket and the super magnet on the back. Sticker Bracket Highly Customizable Select the layout templates we offered. Customize your corporate branding or logo across all the devices. The open API/SDK makes customization easier. Immediate Savings with Measurements Integrated with IoT Sensors Rapid deployment of occupancy sensors, climate sensors across your workplace, collecting dynamic data in a non-Intrusive way. Track Occupancy Levels Measure, and optimize workspace occupancy, with IoT sensors and cloud analytics. Optimize Energy Usage Long vacant period with dynamic operating hours make energy conservation challenging. Get remote accessible usage data to cut cost immediately. Make Smart Decisions Get insight into utilisation rates and environmental facts, make unbiased decisions on schedules, facility maintenance and upgrades. One Size Does Not Fit All [ 7.5 Inch ] Designed to display more information in higher resolution. Best for conference room signage display in the office, university, stadium. As a price & specification board in an auto dealership or shopping mall. [ 4.2 Inch ] Recommended for small and medium-sized meeting room & classroom booking, scheduling and management. Or as a personal calendar board. Comes with programmable buttons for feedback or simple input. [ 2.9 Inch ] Perfect fit for desk reservation signage in co-working space. As a Hotdesk tag/Name tag in the desk hotelling space. As an Electronic Price Tag in supermarket. Long Term Availability We will be offering at least one product line of SyncSign devices until at least 31/12/2030 , and will be guaranteeing the same conditions in terms of the availability of core functions for this same period. This includes installation, configuration, start-up and operation (via various user interface devices, including selected smartphones). The way we will do this is by: – offering SyncSign hardware and application plus a licensed cloud-based solution, and/or – offering an On-Premise Server solution to be operated and purchased by the customer, and/or – releasing the SyncSign related open source interface options for what will then be a generally available community solution. Works Well in Many Scenarios The Wide-ranging Application of Digital E-ink Display Auto Dealership Supermarket Restaurant Parking Lot - Our Clients & Partners - “We are in love with our SyncSign 7.5-inch displays. Being able to display a room’ s schedule is very nice. We’re proud of the customization work that we were able to do with SyncSign. “ Matt Thiede Civil Engineer/Entrepreneur of Stoble “Everything is set to sync automatically, and all of the displays are working perfectly. Their minimal design fits our aesthetic as well” Matt Thiede Civil Engineer/Entrepreneur of Stoble “We love your Displays. It’s amazing that they really improve the efficiency of the clinic and keep everything in order. Besides, it also makes it easier for customers to find their primary doctor more accurately” Alison Yam Facility Manager at Heal Healthcare Clinic Contact Us Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * First Last Email * Phone Number Company Name How Can We Help You? * I agree to receive information from SyncSign. By clicking this button you consent to allow SyncSign to store and process the personal information above to fulfill your request. Website Send Message Stay Tuned With Us Linkedin Facebook Twitter Youtube Get in Touch 10 ANSON ROAD #33-17 INTERNATIONAL PLAZA SINGAPORE (079903) US: +1 (626) 269-9019 info@sync-sign.com About SyncSign SyncSign is a smart office solution supplier that helps the organization transform the way it manages meeting rooms, desks, and workspaces. We bring plenty of customization possibilities with IoT technology to simplify facility management, empower employees and increase workplace productivity. Shop My Account My Orders Get Help Payment Methods Shipping Policy Refund & Return Policy Web Portal Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Your amount to pay has been updated The previous conversion quote has expired. Here is your new quote: Total $ You Pay Back to checkout Place Order We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. OK