We value your privacy

We use cookies to personalize your use of our site. This includes third-party cookies for that we use for advertising and site analytics. See our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy for more information on how we collect and use data.

Cookie Options
OK
사용자 지역에 맞게 현지화된 페이지를 사용할 수 있습니다.
대한민국 - 한국어
계속
DSM 7.3

A secure foundation for your private cloud

Learn more
Synology is recognized in the Gartner Peer Insights Voice of the Customer for Primary Storage Platform. Learn more
Empowering Data ManagementData is at the core of every business transformation, and this is where Synology has a profoundly important role to play. Synology offers comprehensive data management solutions, enabling every business to manage, secure, and protect their data wherever access is needed - from edge to datacenter and the cloud.
Storage and Data Management
Data Protection
Video Surveillance
Business Productivity
Meet the new Synology Website AI AdvisorFinding info among countless products is tough, so we built an AI advisor to help. Get specs, features, and tailored recommendations in seconds, guiding you every step of the way.
Protection against ransomware
What is DP7400?
How to access files remotely?
What is C2 Backup?
What is BeeStation?
AI Advisor is generating an answer. Please wait…
Protection against ransomware
What is DP7400?
How to access files remotely?
What is C2 Backup?
What is BeeStation?
By using our AI Advisor, you agree to Synology collecting and processing your conversation. See our Privacy Policy and Data Collection Disclosure.Trusted by leading global businesses
Learn why over half of Fortune 500 businesses across education, IT, manufacturing, media, entertainment, non-profit, retail, and transportation use Synology to manage their digital assets.
Carousel showcasing logos of partner companies
View all Customer StoriesLatest at Synology
Purpose-built HDD for Synology systems
Performance optimized for NAS workloads and effortless management via DSM
Petabyte-scale storage
Consolidate unstructured data with our most expandable systems
Engineering product security at Synology
From edge to data centers, Synology solutions are designed to keep your data safe
A cloud for everyone
Create your cloud in minutes with BeeStation, Synology's newest out-of-box solution
NAS Selector
RAID Calculator
NVR Selector
Knowledge Center
Downloads
Newsletter
Company
About Synology
Blog
Newsroom
Media Coverage
Customer Stories
Office Locations
ESG
Sales
Where to Buy
Contact Us
Become a Partner
Compatibility
HDD/SSD
IP Cameras
Network Cards
I/O Modules, IP Speakers, Access Controllers
Other Devices
Resources
Products A-Z
Beta Program
Bounty Program
Community
Events
Subscribe to Newsletter
Copyright © 2025 Synology Inc. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy | Cookie Preference
 
 
 
Global - English