Sysinternals - Sysinternals | Microsoft Learn Skip to main content Skip to Ask Learn chat experience This browser is no longer supported. Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support. Download Microsoft Edge More info about Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge Table of contents Exit editor mode Ask Learn Ask Learn Focus mode Table of contents Read in English Add Add to plan Edit Share via Facebook x.com LinkedIn Email Print Note Access to this page requires authorization. You can try signing in or changing directories . Access to this page requires authorization. You can try changing directories . Sysinternals Feedback Summarize this article for me In this article The Sysinternals web site was created in 1996 by Mark Russinovich to host his advanced system utilities and technical information. Whether you’re an IT Pro or a developer, you’ll find Sysinternals utilities to help you manage, troubleshoot and diagnose your Windows and Linux systems and applications. Read the official guide to the Sysinternals tools, Troubleshooting with the Windows Sysinternals Tools Read the Sysinternals Blog for a detailed change feed of tool updates Watch Mark's Sysinternals Update videos on YouTube Watch Mark’s top-rated Case-of-the-Unexplained troubleshooting presentations and other webcasts Read Mark’s Blog which highlight use of the tools to solve real problems Check out the Sysinternals Learning Resources page Post your questions in the Sysinternals Forum Sysinternals Live Sysinternals Live is a service that enables you to run Sysinternals tools directly from the Web without manually downloading them. Enter a tool's Sysinternals Live path in Windows Explorer as live.sysinternals.com/<toolname> or \\live.sysinternals.com\tools\<toolname> .
In a command prompt use \\live.sysinternals.com\tools\<toolname> . You can view the entire Sysinternals Live tools directory in a browser or Windows Explorer at https://live.sysinternals.com/ . What's New What's New (December 16, 2025) Coreinfo v4.0 This update to Coreinfo, a tool that reports processor, socket, NUMA memory, and cache topology of a system, as well as processor features supported, now includes a GUI version and adds checks for features present in modern CPUs. What's New (November 11, 2025) ZoomIt v9.20 This update to ZoomIt, a screen magnification and annotation tool, can now save screen recordings as either MP4 or GIF. What's New (October 13, 2025) ZoomIt v9.10 ZoomIt, a screen zooming, recording and annotation utility, adds image smoothing for higher-quality visuals. What's New (September 16, 2025) jcd v1.0 jcd (jump change directory) is a Sysinternals command-line tool for Linux and macOS that provides quick directory navigation with substring matching and smart selection. What's New (May 5, 2025) RDCMan v3.0 This update to RDCMan, a tool for managing and connecting to Remote Desktop sessions, implements Windows 11 Terminal Services client features, and adds a series of security and quality of life improvements, like seamless session resizing, keyboard navigation, IPv6 support, and modern cryptography. What's New (March 20, 2025) Sysinternals Azure DevOps Extension The Sysinternals ADO Task extension brings the power of Sysinternals tools directly into your Azure DevOps pipelines, enabling you to troubleshoot build and release issues. What's New (February 13, 2025) Ctrl2Cap v3.0 Ctrl2Cap, a tool to help remap the Caps Lock key to Ctrl, has been updated to run on Windows 10 and 11, and not require a driver. What's New (January 29, 2025) ZoomIt in PowerToys v0.88 ZoomIt is now part of Microsoft PowerToys and open source. ZoomIt will continue being available from Sysinternals, as a stand-alone tool. ProcDump 3.4 for Linux ProcDump for Linux, a convenient way for developers to generate core dumps, now includes ARM64 support. Additional resources Last updated on 2025-12-17 In this article en-us Your Privacy Choices Theme Light Dark High contrast AI Disclaimer Previous Versions Blog Contribute Privacy Terms of Use Trademarks © Microsoft 2025