Securely Invest & Trade Digital Assets | TDX Marketplace Trade Invest Solutions Investors Traders Issuers Banks Company Blog About us Careers Notices Security Sign up Log in Invest and trade digital assets securely TDX is a marketplace for digital assets, operated by a regulated securities firm, delivering unrivaled access to diverse assets including tokenized equity, debt and cryptocurrencies. Powered by Taurus technology. Start now Why TDX? Access new investment opportunities Tap into the full range of digital assets and capture alpha returns. Private equity Acquire digital shares of your favorite companies. Invest now Private bonds Generate income through recurring distributions. Generate now Cryptos Trade Bitcoin, Ethereum and leading protocols Trade now! Others Discover funds, real-estate and alternative assets. Discover Why TDX? Featured companies Discover standout investment opportunities with our featured companies. New Qrew FoodTech The 1st Community-Owned Brewery Invest now SCCF Trade Structured Commodity & Corporate Finance Invest now Code41 Watchmaking The People Powered Watchmaker Invest now BossInfo IT Leading independent provider and developer of modern ERP, collaboration and software solutions with customer-specific IT services in the Swiss market Invest now Soon Teylor FinTech Swiss technology company building digital credit products Coming Soon How it works Get started Investors Invest in new asset classes that fit your investment strategies. Learn more Traders Trade crypto with industry-leading technologies and OTC capabilities. Learn more Issuers Digitize your assets via Taurus tokenization technology and launch your own trading segment. Learn more Banks Safely unlock the best of the digital assets markets for your clients. Learn more QoQa Brew Equity - CHF 1 MM raised in 22 minutes The QoQa Brew project enables us to include & align interests with our Qommunity. It's the future. — Pascal Meyer CEO & founder of QoQa Teylor Debt - Generate recurring cash flow on SMEs private credit With Teylor ledger-based securities on TDX, we can now offer a standardized investment product. Professional Investors can open an account and trade our token. — Patrick Stäuble CEO & founder of Teylor Code41 Equity - CHF 1MM - Cocreate with your community and finance your growth Watchmaking is an adventure we share with our community. Taurus technology and tokenization enable us to extend this mission. — Claudio D’Amore CEO & founder of Code41 SCCF Structured Commodity and Corporate Finance Debt - End-to-end trade finance operations for renewable energy The tokenization of debt securities empowers us to streamline and digitize the financing of loans and procurement of commodities, enhancing efficiency. — Dimitri Rusca CEO & founder of SCCF Cite Gestion Equity - The first private bank to tokenize its own shares Taurus and the application of the CMTA standards ensure that an adequate risk management framework is at the heart of the tokenization process. — Christophe Utelli Deputy CEO of Cité Gestion MagicTomato Equity - Empowering local food ecosystems We believe that sharing our governance and capital with all our stakeholders will drive our mission-driven company forward and ultimately generate more impact. — Paul Charmillot CEO & founder of MagicTomato Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest news, announcements, and articles. This newsletter service is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Trade Invest Solutions Investors Traders Issuers Banks Company About us Blog Legal Notices Security Developers FAQ Status © Taurus SA 2021- . All rights reserved. This website is owned and operated by Taurus SA (Taurus), a securities firm regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and a member of esisuisse. TDX is an organized trading facility operated by Taurus. It is not a stock exchange. The content of this website represents advertising material and has not been submitted to nor approved by any supervisory authority. It is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada, Singapore, China or any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. Please consult the terms and conditions and important regulatory disclosures in the legal section, as well as the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for further information. v1.0.236 (engine: v1.0.46) Trade Invest Solutions Company Log in Sign up Invest and trade digital assets securely TDX is a marketplace for digital assets, operated by a regulated securities firm, delivering unrivaled access to diverse assets including tokenized equity, debt and cryptocurrencies. Powered by Taurus technology. Start now Technology trusted by the largest banks worldwide Why TDX? Access new investment opportunities Tap into the full range of digital assets and capture alpha returns. Private equity Acquire digital shares of your favorite companies. Invest now Private bonds Generate income through recurring distributions. Generate now Cryptos Trade Bitcoin, Ethereum and leading protocols Trade now! Others Discover funds, real-estate and alternative assets. Discover Why TDX? Featured companies Discover standout investment opportunities with our featured companies. New Qrew FoodTech The 1st Community-Owned Brewery Invest now SCCF Trade Structured Commodity & Corporate Finance Invest now Code41 Watchmaking The People Powered Watchmaker Invest now BossInfo IT Leading independent provider and developer of modern ERP, collaboration and software solutions with customer-specific IT services in the Swiss market Invest now Soon Teylor FinTech Swiss technology company building digital credit products Coming Soon How it works Get started Investors Invest in new asset classes that fit your investment strategies. Learn more Traders Trade crypto with industry-leading technologies and OTC capabilities. Learn more Issuers Digitize your assets via Taurus tokenization technology and launch your own trading segment. Learn more Banks Safely unlock the best of the digital assets markets for your clients. Learn more Verify your identity Complete a quick identity verification to ensure a secure and personalized trading experience, then you're all set to begin exploring the world of digital asset trading with TDX Get started QoQa Brew Equity - CHF 1 MM raised in 22 minutes The QoQa Brew project enables us to include & align interests with our Qommunity. It's the future. — Pascal Meyer CEO & founder of QoQa Teylor Debt - Generate recurring cash flow on SMEs private credit With Teylor ledger-based securities on TDX, we can now offer a standardized investment product. Professional Investors can open an account and trade our token. — Patrick Stäuble CEO & founder of Teylor Code41 Equity - CHF 1MM - Cocreate with your community and finance your growth Watchmaking is an adventure we share with our community. Taurus technology and tokenization enable us to extend this mission. — Claudio D’Amore CEO & founder of Code41 SCCF Structured Commodity and Corporate Finance Debt - End-to-end trade finance operations for renewable energy The tokenization of debt securities empowers us to streamline and digitize the financing of loans and procurement of commodities, enhancing efficiency. — Dimitri Rusca CEO & founder of SCCF Cite Gestion Equity - The first private bank to tokenize its own shares Taurus and the application of the CMTA standards ensure that an adequate risk management framework is at the heart of the tokenization process. — Christophe Utelli Deputy CEO of Cité Gestion MagicTomato Equity - Empowering local food ecosystems We believe that sharing our governance and capital with all our stakeholders will drive our mission-driven company forward and ultimately generate more impact. — Paul Charmillot CEO & founder of MagicTomato Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest news, announcements, and articles. This newsletter service is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Trade Invest Solutions Investors Traders Issuers Banks Company About us Blog Legal Notices Security Developers FAQ Status © Taurus SA 2021- . All rights reserved. This website is owned and operated by Taurus SA (Taurus), a securities firm regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and a member of esisuisse. TDX is an organized trading facility operated by Taurus. It is not a stock exchange. The content of this website represents advertising material and has not been submitted to nor approved by any supervisory authority. It is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada, Singapore, China or any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. Please consult the terms and conditions and important regulatory disclosures in the legal section, as well as the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for further information. v1.0.236 (engine: v1.0.46) Trade Invest Solutions Company Log in Sign up Invest and trade digital assets securely TDX is a marketplace for digital assets, operated by a regulated securities firm, delivering unrivaled access to diverse assets including tokenized equity, debt and cryptocurrencies. Powered by Taurus technology. Start now Technology trusted by the largest banks worldwide Why TDX? Access new investment opportunities Tap into the full range of digital assets and capture alpha returns. Private equity Acquire digital shares of your favorite companies. Invest now Private bonds Generate income through recurring distributions. Generate now Cryptos Trade Bitcoin, Ethereum and leading protocols Trade now! Others Discover funds, real-estate and alternative assets. Discover Why TDX? Featured companies Discover standout investment opportunities with our featured companies. New Qrew FoodTech The 1st Community-Owned Brewery Invest now SCCF Trade Structured Commodity & Corporate Finance Invest now Code41 Watchmaking The People Powered Watchmaker Invest now BossInfo IT Leading independent provider and developer of modern ERP, collaboration and software solutions with customer-specific IT services in the Swiss market Invest now Soon Teylor FinTech Swiss technology company building digital credit products Coming Soon How it works Get started Investors Invest in new asset classes that fit your investment strategies. Learn more Traders Trade crypto with industry-leading technologies and OTC capabilities. Learn more Issuers Digitize your assets via Taurus tokenization technology and launch your own trading segment. Learn more Banks Safely unlock the best of the digital assets markets for your clients. Learn more Verify your identity Complete a quick identity verification to ensure a secure and personalized trading experience, then you're all set to begin exploring the world of digital asset trading with TDX Get started QoQa Brew Equity - CHF 1 MM raised in 22 minutes The QoQa Brew project enables us to include & align interests with our Qommunity. It's the future. — Pascal Meyer CEO & founder of QoQa Teylor Debt - Generate recurring cash flow on SMEs private credit With Teylor ledger-based securities on TDX, we can now offer a standardized investment product. Professional Investors can open an account and trade our token. — Patrick Stäuble CEO & founder of Teylor Code41 Equity - CHF 1MM - Cocreate with your community and finance your growth Watchmaking is an adventure we share with our community. Taurus technology and tokenization enable us to extend this mission. — Claudio D’Amore CEO & founder of Code41 SCCF Structured Commodity and Corporate Finance Debt - End-to-end trade finance operations for renewable energy The tokenization of debt securities empowers us to streamline and digitize the financing of loans and procurement of commodities, enhancing efficiency. — Dimitri Rusca CEO & founder of SCCF Cite Gestion Equity - The first private bank to tokenize its own shares Taurus and the application of the CMTA standards ensure that an adequate risk management framework is at the heart of the tokenization process. — Christophe Utelli Deputy CEO of Cité Gestion MagicTomato Equity - Empowering local food ecosystems We believe that sharing our governance and capital with all our stakeholders will drive our mission-driven company forward and ultimately generate more impact. — Paul Charmillot CEO & founder of MagicTomato Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest news, announcements, and articles. This newsletter service is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Trade Invest Solutions Investors Traders Issuers Banks Company About us Blog Legal Notices Security Developers FAQ Status © Taurus SA 2021- . All rights reserved. This website is owned and operated by Taurus SA (Taurus), a securities firm regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and a member of esisuisse. TDX is an organized trading facility operated by Taurus. It is not a stock exchange. The content of this website represents advertising material and has not been submitted to nor approved by any supervisory authority. It is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada, Singapore, China or any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. Please consult the terms and conditions and important regulatory disclosures in the legal section, as well as the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for further information. v1.0.236 (engine: v1.0.46) Trade Invest Solutions Company Log in Sign up Invest and trade digital assets securely TDX is a marketplace for digital assets, operated by a regulated securities firm, delivering unrivaled access to diverse assets including tokenized equity, debt and cryptocurrencies. Powered by Taurus technology. Start now Technology trusted by the largest banks worldwide Why TDX? Access new investment opportunities Tap into the full range of digital assets and capture alpha returns. Private equity Acquire digital shares of your favorite companies. Invest now Private bonds Generate income through recurring distributions. Generate now Cryptos Trade Bitcoin, Ethereum and leading protocols Trade now! Others Discover funds, real-estate and alternative assets. Discover Why TDX? Featured companies Discover standout investment opportunities with our featured companies. New Qrew FoodTech The 1st Community-Owned Brewery Invest now SCCF Trade Structured Commodity & Corporate Finance Invest now Code41 Watchmaking The People Powered Watchmaker Invest now BossInfo IT Leading independent provider and developer of modern ERP, collaboration and software solutions with customer-specific IT services in the Swiss market Invest now Soon Teylor FinTech Swiss technology company building digital credit products Coming Soon How it works Get started Investors Invest in new asset classes that fit your investment strategies. Learn more Traders Trade crypto with industry-leading technologies and OTC capabilities. Learn more Issuers Digitize your assets via Taurus tokenization technology and launch your own trading segment. Learn more Banks Safely unlock the best of the digital assets markets for your clients. Learn more Verify your identity Complete a quick identity verification to ensure a secure and personalized trading experience, then you're all set to begin exploring the world of digital asset trading with TDX Get started QoQa Brew Equity - CHF 1 MM raised in 22 minutes The QoQa Brew project enables us to include & align interests with our Qommunity. It's the future. — Pascal Meyer CEO & founder of QoQa Teylor Debt - Generate recurring cash flow on SMEs private credit With Teylor ledger-based securities on TDX, we can now offer a standardized investment product. Professional Investors can open an account and trade our token. — Patrick Stäuble CEO & founder of Teylor Code41 Equity - CHF 1MM - Cocreate with your community and finance your growth Watchmaking is an adventure we share with our community. Taurus technology and tokenization enable us to extend this mission. — Claudio D’Amore CEO & founder of Code41 SCCF Structured Commodity and Corporate Finance Debt - End-to-end trade finance operations for renewable energy The tokenization of debt securities empowers us to streamline and digitize the financing of loans and procurement of commodities, enhancing efficiency. — Dimitri Rusca CEO & founder of SCCF Cite Gestion Equity - The first private bank to tokenize its own shares Taurus and the application of the CMTA standards ensure that an adequate risk management framework is at the heart of the tokenization process. — Christophe Utelli Deputy CEO of Cité Gestion MagicTomato Equity - Empowering local food ecosystems We believe that sharing our governance and capital with all our stakeholders will drive our mission-driven company forward and ultimately generate more impact. — Paul Charmillot CEO & founder of MagicTomato Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest news, announcements, and articles. This newsletter service is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Trade Invest Solutions Investors Traders Issuers Banks Company About us Blog Legal Notices Security Developers FAQ Status © Taurus SA 2021- . All rights reserved. This website is owned and operated by Taurus SA (Taurus), a securities firm regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and a member of esisuisse. TDX is an organized trading facility operated by Taurus. It is not a stock exchange. The content of this website represents advertising material and has not been submitted to nor approved by any supervisory authority. It is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada, Singapore, China or any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. Please consult the terms and conditions and important regulatory disclosures in the legal section, as well as the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for further information. v1.0.236 (engine: v1.0.46) Investors Invest in private markets Traders Buy and sell crypto Issuers Manage your securities Banks Access digital assets markets Blog TDX's latest news About us Our mission and values Careers We're hiring Notices Discover TDX updates Security Technology and prevention We've just released a new blogpost!