Tablet Magazine Tablet Magazine Menu Icon. Tablet Logo. Support Tablet with a year-end gift 30 December 2025 10 Tevet 5786 JANUARY 2026 PRINT EDITION Being Supreme Josh Safdie’s new film celebrates a brilliant athletic career, but gives it a Hollywood ending by Howard Jacobson There’s barely time to open the free popcorn left on every seat by Marty Supreme’s distributors before you find yourself thinking you’ve been in this film before. The big soundtrack, the camera running to keep up with the action, the fast-talking, ambition-driven protagonist you’re not sure you are going to find sympathetic but whose chutzpah keeps you watching. Uncut Gems is what you’re reminded of—the Safdie brothers’ wonderfully frenetic Jewish crime comedy which some (lazily, but for obvious reasons) compared to the work of the Coen brothers, though the Coen brothers are nothing if not deadpan while the Safdie brothers were nothing if not filmically berserk.

Josh Safdie has gone solo with Marty Supreme, and his hero Marty Mauser (part mouse-catcher, part firearm) is a bookish-looking weed compared to the gangsterish Howard Ratner of Uncut Gems, which might lead some (again for lazily obvious reasons) to invoke the Woody Allen of Broadway Danny Rose, which just happens to be among Safdie’s favorite movies. But Marty’s single-minded grandiosity is a world away from Allen’s nervy self-disparagement. And Safdie’s pacing is too impatient to grant its characters the leisure for introspection. It shouldn’t need saying but there are many ways for film directors to be Jewish. ... Continue reading →︎ SEPTEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION The Secrets of ‘A Love Supreme’ How Coltrane composed his masterpiece by Ethan Iverson Smash A Jewish American ping-pong champion mounts a comeback by Howard Jacobson Print editions Explore our previous issues June 2025 July 2025 August 2025 September 2025 October 2025 November 2025 Listen to Tablet Take One Zevachim 107 Jerusalem’s sanctity December 30, 2025 Print editions Explore our previous issues June 2025 July 2025 August 2025 September 2025 October 2025 November 2025 Listen to Tablet Take One Zevachim 107 Jerusalem’s sanctity December 30, 2025 SEPTEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION The Secrets of ‘A Love Supreme’ How Coltrane composed his masterpiece by Ethan Iverson Smash A Jewish American ping-pong champion mounts a comeback by Howard Jacobson The People of Forever Are Not Afraid After another massacre, Jews are reminded of a truth our enemies never grasp: History belongs to those who refuse to disappear by Liel Leibovitz DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION Still in Tune Twenty years after his death, Bobby Short’s music and myth continue to reign over New York by Amy Fine Collins DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION 18 Questions: Jonah Platt The actor, advocate, and producer on what gives him optimism, and why Judaism is the original counterculture by Rina Raphael DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION Still in Tune Twenty years after his death, Bobby Short’s music and myth continue to reign over New York by Amy Fine Collins DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION Finding Israel on TikTok A new genre of Israeli social media perfectly captures the country’s real culture—loud, commercial, generous, and warm by Liel Leibovitz DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION 18 Questions: Jonah Platt The actor, advocate, and producer on what gives him optimism, and why Judaism is the original counterculture by Rina Raphael DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION Finding Israel on TikTok A new genre of Israeli social media perfectly captures the country’s real culture—loud, commercial, generous, and warm by Liel Leibovitz Listen to Tablet What Really Matters Heritage, MAGA, Venezuela, Trump, and the Great Ben Sasse This week, Walter and Jeremy unpack The Heritage Foundation’s unraveling, MAGA infighting at Turning Point USA, the Venezuela crisis, Trump’s foreign policy, and why Ben Sasse matters in 2026 December 23, 2025 Dec. 22: A Pulled 60 Minutes Segment Shows the Impossibility of Bari Weiss’ Role Massie, Khanna to hold AG Bondi in contempt over Epstein files handling; Mass shooting in South Africa kills nine; Candace Owens promotes discredited antisemitic text Continue Reading... Subscribe Today Trouble with your account? Contact Yael Brown . Monthly Subscriber $25/month Full weekday access to The Scroll Monthly print magazine (12 issues a year) Full access to Tablet’s digital articles Subscribe Yearly Subscriber $250/year $50 discount Full weekday access to The Scroll Monthly print magazine (12 issues a year) Full access to Tablet’s digital articles Subscribe Founding Member $360/year All yearly benefits “Founding Member” tax deduction ($110) Tablet hat of your choice, embroidered with “Founding Member” Premium event access Subscribe Macher $1,800/year All Founding Member benefits Invitation for you and a guest to private Sinai Awards dinner “Macher” tax deduction ($1550) A trip to the Ohel with Liel Leibovitz, naming input on the next Tablet baby, and more. Long story short: You’re part of the mischpacha. Subscribe DECEMBER 2025 PRINT EDITION DECEMBER 2025 In this issue by Tablet Magazine Explore Icon. Browse Our Sections →︎ Explore Icon. Browse Our Sections See All →︎ The Maccabees of Bondi Beach by Nicole Wizman How I Stopped Worrying and Learned to Love Ukrainians by Park MacDougald The People of Forever Are Not Afraid by Liel Leibovitz See All →︎ Being Supreme by Howard Jacobson Exiles by Marco Roth Still in Tune by Amy Fine Collins See All →︎ Finding Israel on TikTok by Liel Leibovitz The Viral ‘Prison Rape’ That Never Happened by Gadi Taub Farewell to the Abraham Accords by Lee Smith See All →︎ Dec. 23: At AmFest, Vance Sides With the Nutjobs by Park MacDougald Dec. 22: A Pulled 60 Minutes Segment Shows the Impossibility of Bari Weiss’ Role by Adam Lehrer Dec. 19: Homeless Redditor Hero Breaks the Brown Shooting Case by Adam Lehrer See All →︎ The Gen Z Religious Awakening by Ani Wilcenski Catholics Are in Crisis by Maggie  Phillips The Rise and Fall of the Gaza Converts by Maggie  Phillips See All →︎ The Cookbook That Became a Legend by Esther Levy Chehebar Lox Et Veritas by Jacob Soll Hummus and History by Paola Gavin See All →︎ ‘Dumb’ Homes by Rachel Kraus Beyond the December Dilemma by Abigail Pogrebin What Tablet Readers Wore to the Hanukkah Bazaar by Rina Raphael See All →︎ The Global Elite that Almost Was by Martín Sivak Can AI Save Jewish Studies? by Daniel Solomon How Churchill’s Successor Gave Stalin the MiG by Dan Zamansky See All →︎ Make America’s Showers Great Again by Liel Leibovitz My Spare Embryos by Justine el-Khazen There Are Only Two Gametes by Carole Hooven See All →︎ The Minyanaires by Jay Neugeboren The Mets and the Messiah by Liel Leibovitz and Josh Kross Baseball’s Jewish All-Stars by Peter Dreier Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe to The Scroll newsletter Donate to Tablet Follow us: X Logo. Facebook Logo. Instagram Logo. Dark Times Call for Bright Lights Support Tablet magazine with a year-end gift. Donate now. $36 $118 Other