Internet & TV + Mobile | The most flexible provider | TADAAM Our products How it works Help me choose MyTADAAM EN Order TADAAM Internet. TV. Mobile YOUR RULES. YOUR CONNECTION. Simple, flexible and instantly connected. Order Internet & TV Order Mobile Unlimited The most flexible provider out there Forget the hassle of technicians and complicated setups. Enter TADAAM. Plug it in, switch it on, and TADAAM: you’re connected anywhere in Belgium. All you need is a power socket (and maybe some snacks). I want TADAAM Internet & TV Why choose TADAAM Internet & TV? No hassle, no cables Cables, hidden fees and complex setups? Hard pass. Freedom first—pause or cancel anytime. Connect anywhere, anytime Whether you’re chilling by the pool or in a cabin in the woods, if there’s a socket, there’s TADAAM. Next-day delivery Get connected tomorrow with next-day delivery and instant setup. No technicians, no delays, no excuses. Ready to subscribe? Your TADAAM could be up and running in just 24 hours. Choose your internet speed, choose TV for one device or more, and why not bundle it with TADAAM Unlimited Mobile? Plug in, switch on, live happily ever after. Not sure which plan suits you best? Try our quick quiz to find your perfect match! Always included in TADAAM Internet & TV: Unlimited internet Pause or cancel anytime Wi-Fi modem and TV Box Works anywhere in Belgium-Just plug in & go! Most popular Platinum € 60 / month Surf up to 100 Mbps Stream on 3 screens at the same time I'll take this one! Combine with TADAAM Mobile Most popular € 60 / month Platinum Surf up to 100 Mpbs and stream up to 3 screens. Order TADAAM Premium € 50 / month Surf up to 50 Mbps Stream on 3 screens at the same time I'll take this one! Combine with TADAAM Mobile € 50 / month Premium Surf up to 50 Mpbs and stream up to 3 screens. Standard € 40 / month Surf up to 30 Mbps Stream on 1 screen I'll take this one! Combine with TADAAM Mobile € 40 / month Standard Surf up to 30 Mpbs and stream on 1 screen. Or Combine with TADAAM Mobile NEW: TADAAM Mobile Unlimited Say hello to TADAAM Mobile Unlimited: one plan, one price, and unlimited calls, texts, and data. No plastic not so fantastic SIMs. No waiting rooms. No “hold music from hell.” With our eSIM, you’re connected instantly. Plug, play, connect - now also for your phone. Go fully mobile How TADAAM Internet & TV works TADAAM isn’t your regular provider - it’s faster, easier, and way cooler. Powered by 4G and 5G, just plug in your modem anywhere in Belgium, and you’re online. Stream TV on any device with the TADAAM TV app, TV box, or in a browser. Constantly on the move? Remote working? Cabin or seaside getaway? Wherever life takes you, TADAAM keeps up! Discover how it works Watch a video 1 Next day delivery Order before 10pm and your TADAAM will be delivered the next (business) day - straight to your door. 2 Install it yourself No need for technicians or complicated setups. We take plug & play to a whole other level. 3 Connect all the devices! Download the TADAAM TV app on your smart TV, phone, or tablet. Stream anytime, anywhere. 4 Flexibility, TADAAM-style Pause, adjust, or cancel whenever you feel like it. No contracts, no guilt trips, just freedom to connect your way. Order TADAAM Previous slide Next slide Watch TV anytime, anywhere Say goodbye to cable TV. TADAAM TV brings you 30+ HD channels with all the perks - record, pause, and replay anytime. Download the TADAAM TV app on your smart TV, phone, tablet, or use our TV box to make any screen smart. Prefer TV on a laptop? You can also watch in a browser! Stream what you want, when you want, on any device. Cable is out; TADAAM is in! Discover TADAAM TV Our caravan is up a mountain, surrounded by trees, far from town —yet we easily watch our favorite programs and surf as much as we want. Marinka via Trustpilot Need help picking your plan? Not sure which subscription fits you best? Take our quiz. It’s quick and way easier than dropping it in your group chat. In a few clicks, we’ll hook you up! Find your match Don't just take our word for it 6 Jan 2025 It happened very fast, from ordering to shipping, shipping to arrival, and arrival to installation
Reasonable price for unlimited GB
Very easy to work with Mohammad 26 Dec 2024 Nice service and easy to install Bashir Kamran 22 Oct 2024 Quick delivery, effortless installation - just plug and that's it - and very fast internet! Vladislav Velev 10 Jun 2024 Super fast delivery, I ordered it in the evening and was delivered the next day. Super easy to install, in just a couple of minutes I was able to use wifi already and the tv apps. Connection was good, since day 1 of having tadaam we didn’t have any issues with it. I was worried in the beginning that I might encounter connection issues with my work since I am working home-based but up until now we never had any issues with it. :) Miss Lorelei Tomaroy 22 May 2024 Started using it as a student in my dorm because it is delivered so quickly and takes no effort to set up. Plus you can take it with you whenever you move, no contract issues or installation fees. It’s also just a really good service for an even better price. Minne Philippe 13 May 2024 For me, having an internet connection is essential to my levels of comfort. It is so easy to have an internet connection that isn't dependent on one fixed address. Two examples: recently I had to move my apartment, and I could just unplug TADAAM and take it with me, no hassle. Also, this summer I am going on vacation, I love that I know I'll have an excellent internet connection with me. Kim van Bussel Previous slide Next slide Still got some questions? HOW DOES TADAAM INTERNET & TV WORK? WHO INSTALLS TADAAM INTERNET & TV? ARE THERE ANY HIDDEN COSTS? DO I REALLY GET MY PACKAGE DELIVERED WITHIN 24H? HOW FLEXIBLE IS MY SUBSCRIPTION? DOES THE TADAAM MODEM HAVE COVERAGE IN MY AREA? HOW DOES TADAAM MOBILE WORK? What is Easy Switch?  How does it work? More questions? Contact us Legal information General terms and conditions, special conditions, info sheets Contact us Send us a message at support@tadaam.be Reach us via WhatsApp at +32 460 20 86 83 Already a customer? Contact us via the Chatbot on MyTADAAM Subscribe to our newsletter Leave your email address here: Subscribe Cookie preferences Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Code of conduct Copyright 2025 TADAAM