Turn UGC into Results with Taggbox | Trusted UGC Platform Solutions Social Media Aggregator Collect social media feeds, reviews, stories, photos and embed them on any website. UGC Suite End-to-end UGC platform to collect, manage, and use content across the entire buyer journey. According to top-rated reviews Social Media Aggregator Collect social media feeds, reviews, stories, photos and embed them on any website. Social Media Widget Instagram Widget LinkedIn Widget Facebook Widget Twitter Widget YouTube Widget TikTok Widget RSS Widget Pinterest Widget Review Widget Google Review Widget Facebook Review Widget Yelp Reviews Widget Airbnb Reviews Widget Shoppable UGC New Shoppable Instagram Shoppable TikTok Shoppable YouTube Shopon Bio Shoppable Emails How To Guides How To Embed Instagram Feed On Website? How To Embed LinkedIn Feed On Website? How To Embed Facebook Feed On Website? How To Embed Twitter Feed On Website? How To Embed YouTube Video On Website? How To Embed Google Reviews On Website? How To Embed Social Media Feeds On Website? Caroline N. Taggbox is an exceptional platform, I would appreciate more customization options for displaying UGC widgets. Schedule A Demo UGC Suite End-to-end UGC platform to collect, manage, and use content across the entire buyer journey. Use Cases Website Embed authentic customer content to boost engagement and conversions Social Ads Turn user-generated content into high-performing ad creatives Email Campaign Incorporate real customer photos and stories to increase click-through and sales UGC on Social Media Share and schedule UGC on social media to build trust across all platforms. Print Media Showcase genuine customer experiences to add trust and impact to printed materials Features Asset Manager Organize, categorize, and optimize all your UGC assets in one centralized hub Rights Management Secure permissions and licensing control for all user-generated content Social Commerce Collect and display authentic content across the buyer journey. Localization Translate your UGC in real time to deliver personalized, region-specific experiences for global audiences. Build Real Trust Enrich your marketing with reviews and visuals Read More About UGC Erkki Muuga Taggbox UGC Suite has revolutionized our marketing efforts, and the feature that stands out the most is its advanced UGC analytics. Schedule A Demo Industry Education Encourage students to share their campus experiences and keep them engaged. Hospitality Share your visitor experiences with social widget and increase customer bookings. Retail Showcase positive customer experiences with UGC and influence purchase decisions. Events Make your event more engaging with social feeds and encourage user participation. Internal Communications Discover the power of social media widgets to enhance your workplace communication. eCommerce Build trust and drive conversions with an end-to-end AI-powered UGC marketing solution for eCommerce. Agency Amplify your client's online presence with tailored social widget solutions. Request A Demo Resources Blog Guides, tutorials and seek strategic guidance with insightful blogs Support For immediate support, visit our help center and explore our support blogs. Video guide Reach out to our YouTube channel for video guide, insights and expert tips. Success Stories Discover success stories from clients who partnered with Taggbox for great results. Tools Work smarter, save time, and get more done with these productivity-boosting resources. Glossary Quick definitions for key marketing terms to enhance your understanding. Template Gallery Explore our ready-to-use templates and enhance your widget as per your choice. View Themes For Events Request Demo Pricing Log In Free Trial Log In Start Free Trial Solutions Social Media Aggregator Collect social media feeds, reviews, stories, photos and embed them on any website. UGC Suite End-to-end UGC platform to collect, manage, and use content across the entire buyer journey. According to top-rated reviews Social Media Aggregator Collect social media feeds, reviews, stories, photos and embed them on any website. Social Media Widget Instagram Widget LinkedIn Widget Facebook Widget Twitter Widget YouTube Widget TikTok Widget RSS Widget Pinterest Widget Review Widget Google Review Widget Facebook Review Widget Yelp Reviews Widget Airbnb Reviews Widget Shoppable UGC New Shoppable Instagram Shoppable TikTok Shoppable YouTube Shopon Bio Shoppable Emails How To Guides How To Embed Instagram Feed On Website? How To Embed LinkedIn Feed On Website? How To Embed Facebook Feed On Website? How To Embed Twitter Feed On Website? How To Embed YouTube Video On Website? How To Embed Google Reviews On Website? How To Embed Social Media Feeds On Website? Caroline N. Taggbox is an exceptional platform, I would appreciate more customization options for displaying UGC widgets. Schedule A Demo UGC Suite End-to-end UGC platform to collect, manage, and use content across the entire buyer journey. Use Cases Website Embed authentic customer content to boost engagement and conversions Social Ads Turn user-generated content into high-performing ad creatives Email Campaign Incorporate real customer photos and stories to increase click-through and sales UGC on Social Media Share and schedule UGC on social media to build trust across all platforms. Print Media Showcase genuine customer experiences to add trust and impact to printed materials Features Asset Manager Organize, categorize, and optimize all your UGC assets in one centralized hub Rights Management Secure permissions and licensing control for all user-generated content Social Commerce Collect and display authentic content across the buyer journey. Localization Translate your UGC in real time to deliver personalized, region-specific experiences for global audiences. Build Real Trust Enrich your marketing with reviews and visuals Read More About UGC Erkki Muuga Taggbox UGC Suite has revolutionized our marketing efforts, and the feature that stands out the most is its advanced UGC analytics. Schedule A Demo Industry Education Hospitality Retail Events Internal Communications eCommerce Recources Blog Support Video Guide Success Stories Partners Integrations Request Demo Pricing Log In Free Trial 4.9 stars . 200+ reviews Display Social Proof On Your Website Build a brand that your customers trust and recommend. Enhance your website's credibility and
        attract 66% more consumers by showcasing User Generated Content and social assets
        effortlessly with AI powered curation. ✨ Start Free Trial Please enter a valid email address. UGC Widget Commerce Email Social Ads Scheduling More than 3,450+ organizations worldwide rely on Taggbox. Everything You Need To Power AI Social-First Commerce UGC Widget Give your customers every reason to trust your brand. Create a gallery that showcases UGC and customer reviews from 20 platforms in all the right places. Social Commerce Inspire shoppers with ‘Shop the Look’ galleries, tag products in real customer photos to drive sales. Turn social traffic into conversions with Shopon Bio. Social Ads Plan, manage & report UGC campaigns in one platform with real-time cross-channel impact. Email Campaign Boost email CTR by 78% with brand UGC. Use reviews to create sales magnets. Social Media Schedule Plan & publish social posts for all platforms in one place. Share right content, right time. See Your UGC Gallery In Action Select a template to start with News Card Reels Theme Horizontal Columns Reel Shop Gallery Slider Modern Card Collage Classic Card Square Photo Horizontal Slider Classic Photo Widget Theme Gallery Photo Highlight Theme Single Post Badge Rating Review Box Review List Use This Template Showcase Authentic Social Proof Anywhere Discover how Taggbox helps brands to get 3X ROI, Engagement, and Social Proof. Get started. It's FREE! 5X Increase time on site +25% Conversion rate increase +30% AOV increase zero Impact on site speed User Generated Content, as easy as 1,2,3 Source Collect content from 20+ social media platforms & showcase it on various marketing touchpoints, such as websites, ads, emails, etc. Amplify Get gallery customization features, auto AI tagging, shoppable gallery, built-in usage rights, and content scheduling. Optimize Embed, showcase, and track performance across campaigns and channels all from a single UGC platform dashboard. Don’t just take our word for it. Meet our brands ❤️ Your browser does not support the video tag. 100K+ UGC Collected 15M+ Impressions “Taggbox showcases UGC on our website, building connections with guests and engaging visitors through experiences.” Tvisha Sharma -MarComm Executive Read a case study Your browser does not support the video tag. 4.6K+ UGC Collected 4.1K+ Posts Collected “Taggbox has been excellent with easy setup, great support, and powerful features that save us time.” Craig Desmarais - Social Media Manager Read a case study Your browser does not support the video tag. 21.6% Revenue increased +12% AOV “Taggbox’s shoppable gallery makes shopping seamless for customers and boosts revenue by enabling direct purchases from content.” Michele Teodori - Marketing & E-commerce Manager Read a case study Your browser does not support the video tag. 7K+ Posts Collected 14K+ Widget Views “With Taggbox, we easily showcased inspiring stories under #OurPowerOurPlanet and #EarthActionDay, driving real engagement.” Katherine Bruchalski - Digital Media Manager Read a case study 4.9 stars . 200+ reviews We’re proud of our customers’ success. “We tumbled upon Taggbox when looking for a single platform for collecting and publishing our user’s content to achieve social proof. Absolutely worth the money, Taggbox turned out to be an asset for us. Sophie Graham Chief Sustainability Officer “We have been using Taggbox for a while now on our event websites. We are using it to build a community of dedicated members competing in our national championships, as well as to create hype and bring attention” Angelina Palermo Communications Manager “I’ve had a great experience with Taggbox so far. The platform stands out for its intuitive, easy-to-use UI, which makes managing and displaying content effortless. The customer service team was quick to resolve the issue I faced. One limitation I’ve noticed is that it’s currently not possible to automate alternating posts from two social platforms, which would be a helpful feature. I hope the product team considers adding this in the future.” Priscilla Y Digital Marketing Manager “I really like the PDP feature of Taggbox as it helps us sync shoppable products seamlessly across all product pages. I’ve been using Taggbox for the past year and everything has been running smoothly, except for a small issue I noticed while merging. Overall, it has been a great tool for us, especially in increasing revenue through the shoppable UGC widget." Rebecca Henshaw Ecommerce Manager Connect your favorite tools to Taggbox Get started. It's FREE! No credit card required Get Started With Taggbox It’s Free To Try Turn Social Content Into Conversions - In Minutes Get started. It's FREE! About Us Get in touch Wall of Love ❤️ Support Careers Solutions UGC Widget Social Media Aggregator Social Commerce Tools Social Commerce Social Ads Email Campaign UGC Rights API Social Widget Instagram Widget Linkedin Widget Facebook Widget Twitter Widget YouTube Widget TikTok Widget Review Widgets Google Reviews Widget Yelp Reviews Widget Airbnb Reviews Widget Integrations HTML Wordpress Shopify Wix Weebly Squarespace Elementor Resources Blogs Inspiration Gallery UGC on Social Media Case Study Affiliate Program Partner Glossary Alternatives Embedsocial Crowdriff Flowbox Flockler Featured Blogs LinkedIn UGC : How Brands Win With User-Generated Content Ecommerce Statistics: You Should Be Aware Of! What Is ChatGPT Shopping? How To Embed Instagram Feed On Website? How To Embed LinkedIn Feed On Website? How To Embed Facebook Feed On Website? How To Embed Twitter Feed On Website? How To Embed YouTube Video On Website? How To Embed Google Reviews On Website? How To Embed Social Media Feeds On Website? User-Generated Content : Importance and Types Top 15 UGC Platforms in 2025 Expert Customer Feedback Terms Privacy Refund Policy Status FUP Connect with us on © 2025 Taggbox Inc. or its affiliates, all rights reserved. 🎄 Upto 40% off this Holiday Season. Plans start at $15/month Grab Now Get on Board With Taggbox Today! Start Free Trial We use cookies Some cookies are essential for this site to function and cannot be turned off. We also use cookies and collect and share device identifiers to help us understand how our service performs and is used, and to support our marketing efforts. Manage Cookies Accept all Reject non-essential Cookie Preference Center Using websites and apps involves storing and retrieving information from your device, including cookies and other identifiers, which can be shared with third parties, for various activities. We provide a simple tool below allowing you to tailor your choices as you deem fit. You can change your consent at any time. Strictly Necessary Cookies (always active) These cookies are essential for the site to function and cannot be toggled off. They assist with security, user authentication, customer support, etc. Analytics Cookies These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our site. They allow us to measure traffic and improve site performance. Marketing Performance Cookies These cookies help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. ×