Set up, Manage & Grow Your Business with Tailor Brands Set up, Manage & Grow Your Business with Tailor Brands Form an LLC Services Start your business LLC formation Registered Agent EIN Sales tax permit Licenses & permits Business email LLC formation kit Compliance & operations Taxes & accounting Invoices & bookkeeping Business insurance Business banking Legal documents Trademark Business coaching Navi Branding & marketing Logo maker Website Domain Digital business cards Business cards Print store Social media Custom business plan Resources Blog Articles and guidance covering the entire business journey. Help center Answers and support on how to effectively use Tailor Brands. Academy Learn how to build a business with videos and resources. LLC by states A detailed guide to establishing an LLC in all 50 states. Why Tailor Brands About Discover more about our mission and the motivation behind it. Reviews Testimonials from actual business owners sharing their experiences with us. (332)-286-2770 Log in Simplifying your business journey Navigate your journey with an AI business builder made for every step from launch to success. Get started Trustpilot We make your business official Whether you’re already in business or just getting started, our revolutionary business-building platform connects all the tools needed to build a successful business and provides personalized guidance. LLC Formation Apply for an LLC in minutes and enjoy the huge benefits it offers by answering a few short questions. Registered Agent We’ll appoint a registered agent to receive legal documents and keep your business compliant with state laws. EIN Apply for an Employee Identification Number to apply for licenses and open a business bank account. Business licenses and permits Find which business licenses and permits your business requires and we do all of the paperwork for you. Taxes and bookkeeping Our small-business tax experts can help you maximize your deductions and file your taxes properly. Business insurance Avoid risks and make sure your business is covered with insurance tailored to your specific needs. Trademark Protect your business’s name and reputation across the US with a trademark. Business bank account With a business bank account, you can separate your personal and business finances. Website Select our DIY templates or use our automatic website builder to create a beautiful site. Domain Let customers easily find you online with the perfect domain name for your business. Logo Create a logo you love in minutes. Just type in your name and industry, and we’ll do the rest. Digital business card Use one link for all of your important contact information so customers can easily connect with your business. Business mailbox Instantly boost your credibility with a professional email address, powered by G Suite from Google Cloud. Business cards Choose from dozens of professional templates, all branded with your logo and colors. Branded merchandise Boost your visibility by showing off your new logo on branded merchandise and swag. Formation Kit A complete kit with key documents, a custom binder, seal, and expert tips to organize and launch your business. Business Coaching Program Work with experts to develop strategies, refine your business approach, and achieve long-term success. Personalized Business Plan A tailored roadmap with strategies, goals, and insights to help you launch, grow, and scale your business. Meet Navi, your AI Co-Founder Navi helps you navigate filings, deadlines, and growth with Tailor Brands’ trusted tools and expertise. Always on, synced with your info, and built to help you succeed. Your browser does not support the video tag. Set up your business Form your LLC with an EIN and file for all the licenses and permits you need to legally operate and make sure your business is set up for success. Manage your business Get your business bank account, stay on top of your finances with our budget planner, and access pre-designed legal contracts and documents to streamline interactions with vendors. Grow your business Expand your reach and gain more attention with an e-commerce store, custom website, and a suite of marketing tools. Trustpilot We empower hundreds of thousands of business owners Providing the tools, guidance, and resources needed on their business journey Check the reviews Read about us Why customers love Tailor Business Builder Guided and customized business plan Available customer support at any point of the process End-to-end business building services Relevant for business owners at any stage Products LLC services Registered agent EIN Licenses & permits Sales tax permit Business insurance Business banking Logo maker Domain Website Business email Taxes & accounting Invoices & bookkeeping Legal documents Trademark Business cards Digital business card Graphic design Print store Resources Blog Help center Academy LLC by state Pricing Company About Careers Affiliate program Partner with us Press Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter Youtube Tiktok ©2025 Copyright Tailor Brands TOS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do not sell my personal information