

Front Page
Taiwan News
Business
Editorial & Opinion
Sports
World News
Features
Bilingual Pages
Search

Tue, Dec 30, 2025

Taiwan slams China’s ‘provocation’
‘IRRESPONSIBLE’: Beijing’s constant disruption of the ‘status quo’ in the Taiwan Strait has damaged peace, stability and security in the Indo-Pacific region, MOFA said

The Presidential Office yesterday condemned China’s launch of another military drill around Taiwan, saying such actions are a “unilateral provocation” that destabilizes regional peace and stability. China should immediately stop the irresponsible and provocative actions, Presidential Office spokeswo

Drills signaling China-Russia cooperation: academics

The military exercises China launched yesterday have many purposes, including cognitive warfare against Taiwan, countering US-Japan military cooperation and the showcasing of coordination with Russia, an academic said yesterday. Lin Ying-yu (林穎佑), an associate professor in Tamkang University’s Gradu

CDC to expand HIV treatment coverage for foreigners

The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) said it is planning to expand eligibility for publicly funded HIV treatment for foreign nationals next year, but has not revealed details of the plan. CDC Director-General Philip Lo (羅一鈞) on Monday last week said that subsidy regulations are being revised and el

Kyiv offered 15 years of security pledge: Zelenskiy

‘SOLID’ GUARANTEES: Any deal to end Europe’s worst conflict since World War II ‘must be signed by Ukraine, Russia, the US and Europe,’ Zelenskiy said The US has offered Ukraine “solid” security guarantees for 15 years with a possibility of an extension, but Kyiv is seeking a longer period, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said yesterday after meeting US President Donald Trump. Zelenskiy held talks with Trump in Florida, where the US presid

Kim Keon-hee probe finalized

Former South Korean president Yoon Suk-yeol’s wife interfered in state affairs in return for expensive valuables and money, a special prosecutor said yesterday. The special prosecutor’s investigations, which wrapped up on Sunday, came amid a year-long probe into Yoon’s brief imposition of martial la

DPP legislators propose security bills

‘GRAY ZONE’: The proposed revisions would prohibit anyone from engaging with organizations related to hostile forces if their actions could endanger national security Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) lawmakers have proposed amendments to the Anti-Infiltration Act (反滲透法) to address financial flows of “gray zone actors” and counter Beijing’s efforts to infiltrate Taiwan by funding local social media influencers for “united front” propaganda. Draft revisions propo

Saturday’s earthquake damage mostly repaired

AFTERMATH: The Taipei City Government said it received 39 minor incident reports including gas leaks, water leaks and outages, and a damaged traffic signal A magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck off Taiwan’s northeastern coast late on Saturday, producing only two major aftershocks as of yesterday noon, the Central Weather Administration (CWA) said. The limited aftershocks contrast with last year’s major earthquake in Hualien County, as Saturday’s earthquake

Most Popular
1
China may see full attack as best unification option: Pentagon
2
Magnitude 7.0 quake hits Yilan
3
Taiwan celebrates Christmas, kind of, once again after 25 years
4
Napoli claim Supercoppa title
5
China using AI vote meddling: report
Taiwan News
Pro player wins Taiwan’s inaugural Rising Dragon Cup Go tournament

Chen Shou-lien (陳首廉), a professional Taiwanese Go player, made history yesterday by winning Taiwan's first-ever professional tournament to use the Fischer increment timing system for the Chinese board game.Playing with black stones, Chen defeated Hsu Yu-chi (許育祺) at the Haifong Go Association in Tai

Taipei, New Taipei public transport to roll out QR code payments from Saturday

City buses in Taipei and New Taipei City, as well as the Taipei MRT, would begin accepting QR code payments from five electronic payment providers starting this Saturday, the Taipei Department of Transportation said today.The new option would allow passengers to use the "transportation QR code" feat

Cancer cases rising, in part due to early detection: HPA

Taiwan recorded 138,051 new cancer cases in 2023, 7,758 more than in 2022, the Health Promotion Administration (HPA) reported today.The standardized incidence rate (SIR) in 2023 reached 331.3 cases per 100,000 people, the report said.This represents an increase of about eight per 100,000 compared wi

Average temp in Taiwan this year was 24.53°C: CWA

The average temperature in Taiwan this year was 24.53°C, the twelfth-highest since records began in 1897, the Central Weather Administration (CWA) said today in an end-of-year media conference.The average temperature was taken from Jan. 1 until Sunday, with this year 1.22°C higher than the 100-year

Trump unconcerned about China’s military exercises around Taiwan

US President Donald Trump said yesterday that Chinese President Xi Jinping (習近平) had not informed him in advance of China's ongoing military exercises around Taiwan, adding that he was "not worried" about the operation.Trump was responding to reporters' questions about the exercises at a joint press

Lai condemns China’s ‘irresponsible’ drills

China's recent escalation of military pressure is not the behavior of a responsible major power, President William Lai (賴清德) said today, emphasizing that Taiwan would not escalate conflicts or provoke disputes.Maintaining peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait and the Indo-Pacific region is an exp

90 Chinese aircraft cross Taiwan Strait median line during drill

From 6am yesterday until 6am today, 14 Chinese warships, eight government vessels and 130 military aircraft, including unmanned aerial vehicles, were detected around Taiwan, the Ministry of National Defense (MND) said. The ministry said China's People’s Liberation Army (PLA) sent 130 warplanes and d

Chilly New Year’s Eve ahead as temperatures drop to 12°C

New Year’s Eve revelers attending outdoor events in the north might want to bundle up, as temperatures could drop to 12°C due to an approaching strong continental cold air mass, the Central Weather Administration (CWA) said yesterday.Lows in the north could drop to 14°C on New Year’s Eve tomorrow an

Taiwanese singer Denny Tsao dies at 66

Taiwanese singer and entertainer Denny Tsao (曹西平) was found dead at his residence in New Taipei City's Sanchong District (三重) last night, local police said.The Sanchong Precinct said that emergency services received a report yesterday at about 10pm that Tsao had collapsed in the bedroom of his resid

Business
CCI dips 0.35 points amid tariff worries

UNEVEN GAINS: The business climate monitoring score rose two points, one point below a boom, buoyed by AI, but traditional industries continued to face headwinds Consumer confidence slipped this month as uncertainty over US trade policy continued to weigh on household sentiment, highlighting persistent caution despite strong economic growth, a National Central University survey showed.The consumer confidence index (CCI) declined 0.35 points from October to 6

China’s BYD Co poised to overtake Tesla in EV sales

POTENTIAL demand: Tesla’s chance of reclaiming its leadership in EVs seems uncertain, but breakthrough in full self-driving could help boost sales, an analyst said Chinese auto giant BYD Co (比亞迪) is poised to surpass Tesla Inc as the world’s biggest electric vehicle (EV) company in annual sales.The two groups are expected to soon publish their final figures for this year, and based on sales data so far this year, there is almost no chance the US company led by

TAIEX up 0.89 percent as TSMC hits record high

Taiwanese shares closed higher yesterday as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC, 台積電) hit a record high on reports that the contract chipmaker would raise prices for its advanced chips, even as China staged military exercises near the nation.The TAIEX ended up 254.87 points, or 0.89 percent,

Editorial & Opinion
EDITORIAL: Truth behind tax revenue surplus

Taiwan has had a tax revenue surplus every year since 2021, with last year’s figure reaching NT$528.3 billion (US$16.8 billion), which brought the cumulative surpluses of the past four years to NT$1.87 trillion, Ministry of Finance data showed. That was why legislators from the opposition earlier th

What to expect from new Honduras

After more than three weeks since the Honduran elections took place, its National Electoral Council finally certified the new president of Honduras. During the campaign, the two leading contenders, Nasry Asfura and Salvador Nasralla, who according to the council were separated by 27,026 votes in the

Investment account for kids bill still has issues

The “Taiwan Future Account” (TFA) bill, jointly promoted by the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) and the Taiwan People’s Party, proposes that the government establish an investment account for every child aged 12 or younger. The government would make an initial deposit of NT$50,000 for each child wit

Sports
Inter edge Atalanta to stay top

STILL IN THE HUNT: Rasmus Hojlund took his goal tally for SSC Napoli to nine as the champions cruised to a win at US Cremonese and stayed two points behind the leaders Inter on Sunday stayed at the Serie A summit after beating Atalanta BC 1-0 to maintain their slender lead over local rivals AC Milan.Lautaro Martinez netted the only goal of the game in Bergamo for Inter, who lead Milan, 3-0 winners against Hellas Verona thanks to Christoper Nkunku’s first Serie A g

Algeria advance, Cameroon hold Ivory Coast 1-1

Algeria on Sunday became the third country after Egypt and Nigeria to qualify for the knockout stage of the Africa Cup of Nations by edging Burkina Faso 1-0 in Rabat through a Riyad Mahrez penalty.Defending champions Ivory Coast failed to join the trio after drawing 1-1 with Cameroon in a lively sho

Spurs deliver big win for Thomas Frank as Calvert-Lewin denies Sunderland

Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday ground out a much-needed three points for the under-fire head coach Thomas Frank with a 1-0 win at Crystal Palace, while high-flying Sunderland were held 1-1 by Leeds United.Archie Gray was Spurs’ unlikely match winner at Selhurst Park with his first senior goal as Frank’

Steelers, Panthers lose to set up showdowns

The Pittsburgh Steelers and Carolina Panthers lost on Sunday to miss out on clinching playoff berths, setting up a pair of showdowns for post-season spots.Cleveland beat Pittsburgh 13-6 to snap the Steelers’ three-game winning streak. The Baltimore Ravens (8-8) visit Pittsburgh (9-7) in a winner-tak

World News
Bondi victims’ families demand probe

‘CRISIS’? A national royal commission could give ‘some of the worst statements and worst voices’ a platform, Australian Minister of Home Affairs Tony Burke said Families of the victims of Australia’s Bondi Beach mass shootings yesterday called for a national inquiry into anti-Semitism and alleged failures in policing, intelligence and policy they blame for the attack. Father and son Sajid and Naveed Akram are accused of targeting a Hanukkah event on Sydney’

Bondi hero says he wanted to protect ‘innocent people’

Bondi Beach shooting hero Ahmed al-Ahmed recalled the moment he ran toward one of the attackers and wrestled the gun from him, saying in an interview published yesterday with a US outlet he wanted to protect “innocent people.” Father and son Sajid and Naveed Akram are accused of targeting a Hanukkah

Nine killed as Turkish police raid alleged IS house

Islamic State (IS) militants yesterday clashed with police in northwest Turkey, leaving three police officers and six militants dead, the Turkish minister of the interior said. At least eight other police officers and a night guard were wounded. The shooting occurred in Elmali district in Yalova, so

Features
Virtual reality opens doors for older people to build closer connections in real life

Like many retirement communities, The Terraces serves as a tranquil refuge for a nucleus of older people who no longer can travel to faraway places or engage in bold adventures.But they can still be thrust back to their days of wanderlust and thrill-seeking whenever caretakers at the community in Lo

Older adults may struggle to learn a new language, but it’s still worthwhile

I speak decent Spanish, picked up working several decades ago as a news and sports reporter in Spain, Mexico and Argentina.Now I report from Tokyo. After seven years, I still can’t grasp Japanese. My weekly language classes have taught me humility more than anything else.Ayaka Ono, my current Japane

Notes from Central Taiwan: The KMT’s budget blackmail

The Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics (DGBAS) told legislators last week that because the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) and Taiwan People’s Party (TPP) are continuing to block next year’s budget from passing, the nation could lose 1.5 percent of its GDP growth next year. Acc

Bilingual Pages
What is so special about TikTok’s algorithm? TikTok演算法的秘密

The content recommendation algorithm that powers the online short video platform TikTok has once again come under the spotlight after the app’s Chinese owner ByteDance signed binding agreements to form a joint venture that will hand control of operations of TikTok’s US app to American and global inv

輕鬆華語GO: EASY CHINESE GO

對話 Dialogue清清：明天晚上就是跨年夜了，你打算怎麼過？Qīngqing: Míngtiān wǎnshàng jiùshì kuànián yè le, nǐ dǎsuàn zěnme guò?華華：我要去台北101看煙火。Huáhua: Wǒ yào qù Táiběi Yīlíngyī kàn yānhuǒ.清清：今年的煙火有什麼特別的嗎？竟然會讓你想去湊熱鬧了！Qīngqing: Jīnnián de yānhuǒ yǒu shénme tèbié de ma? Jìngrán huì ràng nǐ xiǎng qù còurènao le!華華：對，今年台北101跟台北流行

BOOKMAN BILINGUAL 雙語書林： Chinglish or Natural English? 中式英語或道地英語？

1. 他們的雇主要他們從早工作到晚。ˇ Their employer made them work from dawn till dusk.χ Their employer made them to work from dawn till dusk.註：make 用作「使某人做某事時」，後面接原形動詞，不用不定詞。2. 我們分三個小組來討論吧！ˇ Let us split up into three groups to discuss it.χ Let us to split up into three groups to discuss it.註：let 後面接原形動時，表示「讓我們來

Special Reports
Donovan’s Deep Dives
Donovan’s Deep Dives: Lu Shiow-yen signals her challenge to KMT leadership

Two moves show Taichung Mayor Lu Shiow-yen (盧秀燕) is gunning for Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) party chair and the 2028 presidential election. Technically, these are not yet “officially” official, but by the rules of Taiwan politics, she is now on the dance floor. Earlier this month Lu confirmed in an interview in Japan’s Nikkei that she was considering running for KMT chair. This is not new news, but according to reports from her camp she previously was still considering the case for and against running. By choosing a respected, international news outlet, she declared it to the world. While the outside world likely paid little attention, domestically the message was unmistakable: She is moving on to a larger stage. Part of the dance is to leave options open before formally committing, and with the chair race due in late September, she has time. If something goes wrong in the meantime, or if power brokers in the party offer her a deal that provides more benefits than taking on the role of chair, she can pivot accordingly. Earlier this year, I suggested that strategically, she would be better off concentrating on her job as Taichung mayor until she is term-limited out of office in December next year. Taichung mayor is obviously a full-time job, and concurrently running the Taipei-headquartered party runs the risk of doing one or both jobs poorly and making mistakes that could imperil her shot at the presidency in 2028. The situation has changed. Current KMT Chairman Eric Chu (朱立倫), knowing he is likely to face challengers of a higher caliber than the three relative nobodies already declared, has gone all in on appealing to the base. The base is more likely to turn out to vote in the chair election, so this makes some strategic sense in the short term.

Lost Army
A battle for historical memory in Thailand’s “Little Taiwan”

Among Thailand’s Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) villages, a certain rivalry exists between Arunothai, the largest of these villages, and Mae Salong, which is currently the most prosperous. Historically, the rivalry stems from a split in KMT military factions in the early 1960s, which divided command and opium territories after Chiang Kai-shek (蔣介石) cut off open support in 1961 due to international pressure (see part two, “The KMT opium lords of the Golden Triangle,” on May 20). But today this rivalry manifests as a different kind of split, with Arunothai leading a pro-China faction and Mae Salong staunchly aligned to Taiwan. Last spring at Arunothai’s Jiaolian School, principal Wang Mingming (王明明) had forewarned me of the division between villages, saying, “We are not like the people in Mae Salong. They are rich. Because of the Taiwanese.” Arunothai has in recent years become split in its loyalties between Taiwan and China (see part one, “A tale of two schools,” on May 15), but in Mae Salong, links to Taiwan remain strong. Taiwan-funded monuments pay homage to the Lost Army, villagers wear T-shirts emblazoned with the Republic of China (ROC) flag and tea plantations grown Taiwan’s most famous tea varieties, including Dong Ding (“frozen peak”) Oolong, Oriental Beauty and Jin Xuan (Golden Daylily or Milk Oolong). Even the numerical classifications of the teas — Oolong No. 12 or No. 17, for example — are the same, and the shops resemble those found on Alishan. At the tomb of General Tuan Hsi-wen (段希文) — perched on a Mae Salong hilltop with a view of his ancestral homeland in China’s Yunnan province — a third generation villager wearing a vintage KMT army uniform, Yan Si-Chung (岩思中), greets visitors with sharp military salutes. “Both my father and my grandfather were soldiers in the KMT army,” the 44-year-old

Weather
North
Central
South
East
Outlying Islands
New Taipei City	27-28	20%	
Hsinchu County	26-27	10%	
Hsinchu City	26-27	10%	
Taipei City	27-28	20%	
Miaoli County	24-26	10%	
Taoyuan City	26-27	10%	
Keelung City	27-28	20%	
Front Page
Taiwan News
Business
Editorial & Opinion
Sports
World News
Features
Bilingual Pages
About Us
Employment
Contact Us
 RSS
Copyright © 1999-2025 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.