The Best Payout Policy Prop Firm For Funded Futures Traders This page requires JavaScript to work properly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser. Get 40% Off For Life + Never Pay An Activation Fee! CLICK THIS LINK FOR DETAILS . Use Code: NOFEE40 We Fund Futures Traders Join the Trading Revolution You can get paid on day one of your PRO account Get started now Get started now Founders Featured In: Trustpilot How It Works Take Profit Trader Is a ONE Step, No Nonsense Funding Company. We have developed a system and
        process that allows you to reach your full potential as a Trader. Our platform has no frills or gimmicks
        and streamlines the journey to sustainable profits allowing you to withdraw from day one of your PRO account. 1. Select Your Account Size Select your Futures account. Register and define the maximum contract size you'll manage, ideally fit your skills, buy a subscription now and go on. What Futures Can I Trade? 2. Prove You Can Trade Reach a profit target while proving you can follow a set of risk rules. You become a PRO trader as soon as your skills are verified. 3.  Start Earning Money No downtime. Once approved, get your PRO account and start trading for day one withdrawable profits. 4. Withdraw Into Your Account Money is nothing until it is in your pocket. We know how important it is. Withdraw your profits with our automated system. You keep 80%. 5. Upgrade to PRO+ Elevate your experience by upgrading to PRO+. You’ll enjoy EOD drawdown, 90/10 profit split, and no buffer requirement. Founders Featured In: Differences between
        Take Profit
        and other companies The below table displays how Take Profit Trader differentiates itself from our competitors. We design our platform and services to provide traders the opportunity of day one profits in PRO. Features/Services Take Profit Other Companies Number of Trading Days to "PRO Account" 5 days Up to 60 days Minimum Days Until First Withdrawal 0 days 20-60 Days Withdrawal Process Immediate Drawn out Contract Limits: Test vs. PRO Account No Scaling Plan enforced on PRO Account PRO Account Resets Up to 3 resets No resets available Fees for PRO Account One Time $130 Fee Monthly Recurring Live Support 24 hours/Day Sporadically available Differences between Take Profit and other companies The below table displays how Take Profit Trader differentiates itself from our competitors.
        We design our platform and services to provide traders the opportunity of day one profits in PRO. Number of Trading Days to "PRO Account" Take Profit 5 days Other Companies Up to 60 days Minimum Days Until First Withdrawal Take Profit 0 days Other Companies 20-60 Days Withdrawal Process Take Profit Immediate Other Companies Drawn out Contract Limits: Test vs. PRO Account Take Profit No Other Companies Scaling Plan enforced on PRO Account PRO Account Resets Take Profit Up to 3 resets Other Companies No resets available Fees for PRO Account Take Profit One Time $130 Fee Other Companies Monthly Recurring Live Support Take Profit 24 hours/Day Other Companies Sporadically available Why Take Profit Trader Vs. Trading Your Own Money? Account Setup All technology and account setup done by us. No more documentation and painful account setup experiences. Risk Management Lack of discipline haunts traders. Our risk management system and rules will make sure you stay disciplined during your trades. Capital Simply put, most traders are undercapitalized. Level the playing field by using our accounts, not your own funds. Risk of Loss Trading your own funds can lead to severe losses, however with Take Profit Trader your losses are limited to your associated challenge fees. Why Take Profit Trader Vs. Trading Your Own Money? Account Setup All technology and account setup done by us. No more documentation and painful account setup experiences. Risk Management Lack of discipline haunts traders. Our risk management system and rules will make sure you stay disciplined during your trades. Capital Simply put, most traders are undercapitalized. Level the playing field by using our accounts, not your own funds. Risk of Loss Trading your own funds can lead to severe losses, however with Take Profit Trader your losses are limited to your associated challenge fees. Choose Your Futures Account Size Purchase the subscription that meets your needs as a Trader. Below you can see the parameters for each trading account we offer. Your Platform, Your Choice Connect to any of our 15+ available trading platforms and get started today. CQG Data Feed Platforms Available Rithmic Data Feed Platforms Available See more See more Your Take Profit Funded Journey Description Test PRO PRO + Environment Environment SIM SIM LIVE Withdrawals Withdrawals None Day one Day one Profit split Profit split None 80/20 90/10 See more Day-One Payouts In Your PRO Account It’s no secret, trading is hard. And for some, prop trading may be even harder as it forces you to be disciplined, manage your risk, and adhere to strict profit taking. That’s why we don’t think you should have to wait days, weeks, or even months to get the profit you already earned. Instead here at TPT, when you make it on day one you can take it on day one. There’s no withdrawal restrictions on your profits above the buffer. No minimum amount of profitable days you need to trade, no maximum amount you can withdraw, and no waiting for some random “payout window”. Take Profit Trader Testimonials “I FOUND TAKE PROFIT TRADER, I REALLY LIKE THE CONCEPT OF, IF YOU PERFORM YOU CAN HAVE AN IMMEDIATE PAYOUT” Meet Coleman, a seasoned trader who has seen and done it all with multiple prop firms. With great customer service and instant payouts, Coleman knew he had found his home with Take Profit Trader. “I’ve told people, I said you need to look at TakeProfit because they have changed the nature of the prop industry where you had to wait this long period of time and invest all this capital in order to get a payout” “YOUR COMPANY MAKES ME FEEL LIKE I’M A REAL TRADER” Meet Ben, who hit the brakes on pursuing a law career when he discovered futures trading. “Your company makes me feel like I’m a real trader, like it’s a tangible dream. And I really, really like that.” “IT’S THE THING I LIKE ABOUT TRADING, IT’S A SKILL THAT NO ONE CAN TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU.” Meet Rica, using Take Profit Trader learned that trading is not only a skill but a way to learn a lot about herself as a person along the way to becoming a profitable trader “I got exposed to the trading world and I know now that there is another outlet for me to maintain my lifestyle…. The quick payouts, the user friendly portal and the great customer service, I mean you all are very responsive.” “THE BEST, MOST PROFESSIONAL COMPANY IN THE INDUSTRY” Meet Taha, a Moroccan trader with 4 years of experience, who found Take Profit Trader as simplest easiest to use platform. “For me it’s the best platform, its really simple, the dashboard is really important to monitor your test accounts or pro accounts. Its not a scam, which is really important.” “AS SOON AS I HEARD YOU CAN MAKE THIS TYPE OF MONEY, I KNEW I WAS GOING TO DO IT” Meet Joseph, a relatively new trader who has been on a long search for the right career. When he found trading with Take Profit Trader he knew it was an instant match. “It’s doable for the average person, and we will do it until we get it. Once you get this skill you are set for life. This firm is offering 50% off? I went to these forex firms and they were like $600 and this was $75.” Frequently Asked Questions Is Take Profit Trader Regulated? The National Futures Association (NFA) nor the CFTC require that Take Profit Trader (or any futures funding firm) be part of any organization. We take regulation seriously, and therefore only use regulated brokers and CME approved data providers (Tradovate, NinjaTrader, and Rithmic) to place all trades. This means that all customers across all phases of our programs can rest assured that Take Profit Trader never touches, fills, manipulates, delays orders, or uses any software to be the counterparty of any trade, whatsoever. How does Simulation work (test and PRO accounts)? Where do my orders go? From the moment you connect to the data feed of one of our providers (Rithmic or Tradovate) all orders, risk management, fills, etc. are handled on their side. These parties are regulated and/or direct CME approved providers who use their in-house technology to execute your orders as if it were the live market. Take Profit does not internalize orders, play counterparty to any trades, use software to manipulate pricing, or anything with malicious intent. Are PRO accounts SIM? Yes, all PRO accounts are simulated (SIM). Your orders will not go to the exchange, but they are still sent to our providers (Rithmic, Tradovate) who handle the orders. Their software simulates live market conditions, and you get an almost identical experience as you would in the live market. Are the profits I make In SIM paid in real money? Absolutely. While your PRO account operates in a simulated environment and the profits inside that account are simulated, once you withdraw the profits paid to you are absolutely real. You can initiate withdrawals from your PRO account on the first day, and the profits will be paid out either through an automated process via Plaid to US bank accounts or via PayPal or Wise, typically within one business day. How do live market (PRO+) accounts work? Where do my orders go? Take Profit uses Tradovate as its regulated broker for live (PRO+) accounts. All orders are passed through the exact same risk rules as they are in the simulated environment, the only difference is the orders are actually sent to the exchange from Tradovate, instead of staying in Tradovate’s simulated environment. What changes when I get to PRO+? Your PRO+ account will be a live-market account, which means your order gets sent to the exchange by the same regulated broker. In simulated environments (test and PRO) the order stays in their internal system, but in a live environment (PRO+) it is routed to the exchange, by the broker. In PRO+ you also have end-of-day drawdown and no buffer requirement. Don’t most people fail in trading? Is your test hard? Trading is extremely difficult. It’s a multi-trillion dollar industry where traders can make a “normal” month's salary in a single trading day, so you SHOULD expect that it will be hard to compete. This is not easy and it’s not some “get rich quick” opportunity. While we don’t know what the industry percentage for failure is, we can tell you that from 1/1/23 - 8/31/23, 20.37% of our currently registered users at Take Profit Trader have successfully passed a trading test. So yes, our trading test is challenging AND the markets are challenging. But you can increase your chances of getting funded by trading smaller, slower, and striving for consistently conservative gains instead of big “YOLO” wins. A failure of a test can cost, at MOST, $360, but oftentimes much less than that. The same failure, if you opened your own brokerage account, would have cost you several thousand dollars. So, while it may take you several times to pass a test with Take Profit Trader, the TRUE cost of being a losing trader will be much lower in a prop environment (with Take Profit Trader), than if you were to trade your test account side by side with a brokerage account (assuming you’re trading the same positions). Who pays out my profits from the PRO account? Take Profit Trader pays you on any simulated profits withdrawn from your PRO account. These payouts come from a combination of collected test fees, tech fees, and shared PRO+ profits when applicable. The profits in your PRO account are SIM, but the money you are paid is 100% real. Is Take Profit Trader a broker? No, we are not a broker. We use ONLY regulated brokers who pass stringent compliance by the NFA and CFTC (Tradovate/NinjaTrader). We are not affiliated with them at all, meaning we get no kickbacks, referral fees, or commissions from your trades. I can now trade five PRO accounts? Yes, that's correct. We now allow you to trade five PRO accounts at once instead of three. Visit Our Knowledge Base Join Our Email List Get updates & free account opportunities delivered directly to your inbox. Subscribe TakeProfitTrader LLC 9100 Conroy Windermere Rd Suite 200 Windermere, FL 34786 About Us Contact Us Knowledge Base Terms of Service Privacy Policy Disclaimer Allowed Products : At TakeProfitTrader LLC, we empower our traders to navigate the dynamic world of futures trading. Our platform grants access to an extensive range of futures products exclusively listed on esteemed exchanges, including CME, COMEX, NYMEX, and CBOT. It's important to note that our program and platforms do not support or facilitate trading in stocks, options, forex, cryptocurrencies, or CFDs. Trading Test Disclaimer : The evaluation program is a challenging assessment designed to simulate real market conditions. It is important to note that successfully passing the Trading Test requires a high level of skill and experience in trading. Our Trading Test is challenging, and between January 1, 2024, and December 31, 2024, 16.86% of all Trading Tests were successfully passed, with traders attaining the PRO account within this timeframe. It's worth mentioning that even seasoned traders often find this challenge demanding. As such, we recommend the Trading Test primarily for those with substantial trading experience. Information Disclaimer : Please be advised that all content disseminated by TakeProfitTrader LLC and its affiliated entities is intended solely as general information. None of the information provided by TakeProfitTrader LLC and its affiliated entities should be construed as (a) investment advice, (b) an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security, or (c) an endorsement, recommendation, or sponsorship of any particular security, company, or fund. The utilization of information available on the TakeProfitTrader’s websites is undertaken at your own discretion, and TakeProfitTrader LLC, along with its partners, representatives, agents, employees, and contractors, disclaims any responsibility or liability for the use or misuse of such information. Futures, foreign currency and options trading contains substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. CFTC Rules 4.41 - Hypothetical or Simulated performance results have certain limitations, unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Also, since the trades have not been executed, the results may have under-or-over compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those shown. TESTIMONIAL DISCLOSURE: TESTIMONIALS APPEARING ON TAKEPROFITTRADER.COM MAY NOT BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE EXPERIENCE OF OTHER CLIENTS OR CUSTOMERS AND IS NOT A GUARANTEE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCCESS. © Copyright 2025 TAKEPROFITTRADER LLC. All Rights Reserved.