Best Podcast Software / Platform: Record, Host, and Distribute | TalkShoe Best Podcast Software / Platform: Record, Host, and Distribute | TalkShoe Menu Features Recording Streaming Hosting Analytics Monetization All Features Listen Browse Featured Live Now Upcoming Resources Blog Support How To Start A Podcast close Search for: START CREATING Login Menu Browse Features Recording Streaming Hosting Analytics Transcription Monetization Distribution Virtual Studio All Features Listen Browse Featured Live Now Upcoming Resources Blog How To Start A Podcast Support Login close Start a Podcast & Walk the Talk Whether it’s a live or pre-recorded podcast, the TalkShoe podcasting platform has everything you need to be a creator. Start creating Create Record in advance or stream your podcast live by using TalkShoe’s Creator Studio. Discover More Be Heard & Get Discovered Host and store your podcast with TalkShoe. Distribute and syndicate your podcast using TalkShoe’s RSS feed to link to major online publishers. Discover More Make Money Easily add programmatic ads to your podcast to make it revenue-generating. Market your podcast with TalkShoe’s exclusive VIP program. Discover More CREATE Your Podcast. Your Way. TalkShoe has every facet of production covered with the TalkShoe Creator Studio. Enjoy scheduling, recording and streaming capabilities – so you can produce the podcast series of your dreams. Record your podcast in advance Record your tale using TalkShoe’s Creator's Studio that comes with everything you need to craft your story. Simply record your podcast using the studio or upload your pre recorded podcast. Publish now or save for later, your choice! Learn More Stream Your Podcast Live Go live on TalkShoe’s Creator Studio where your audience can watch, interact, and chat in real-time. Want to further your reach and increase your podcast’s following? Your podcast episode can stream live simultaneously to YouTube with the click of a button! Learn More Everything You Need, All In Once Place. TalkShoe is your one-stop-shop for recording and streaming as well as a replacement for web conferencing services. TalkShoe has high-quality audio and video recording features available in-studio. Participants and hosts can call in the online studio from around the globe or with a dial-in number. Learn More BE HEARD AND GET DISCOVERED Get the most when you host and Distribute with easy-to-use, and reliable podcast software Host And Store Your Podcast Once you’ve recorded your podcast either in TalkShoe or elsewhere, you can use the TalkShoe platform to host and store. You can post, share and download any and all of your podcast episodes with zero down time. TalkShoe’s secure servers are backed up daily, so you can rest assured knowing your recordings are safe. Plus, you can access your recordings anytime you want. It’s all in one place, just for you! Learn More Distribute & Syndicate Your Podcast Share your story everywhere. From sharing sites, to social media channels. TalkShoe’s podcast software plug-in RSS feeds will spark engagement by linking your podcast to online publishers and other major podcast platforms such as Apple Podcast, Spotify, iHeartradio, Pandora, and more. The best part? You don't have to be tech-savvy. TalkShoe RSS feeds are easy and they're built-in for instant aggregation. Learn More MAKE MONEY Market And Monetize Your Podcast Easily And Efficiently Market Your Podcast TalkShoe’s exclusive VIP program connects you with a team of industry professionals to create a customized marketing plan to promote and publicize your podcast (or podcast generated content) on other relevant podcasts, radio, TV, and social media. Learn More Monetize Your Podcast A growing audience means growing revenue opportunities. TalkShoe’s podcast platform comes with the option to insert and get paid for programmatic pre-roll,  and post-roll recorded advertisements. Learn More PODCAST FROM ANYWHERE TalkShoe has no limits – neither should you! TalkShoe’s podcast platform comes with possibilities, not limitations. Whether you are originating your podcast from a studio, a sporting event, a concert, or your very own living room, our podcast platform has everything you need (and more!) to start a podcast right now. Enjoy hosting and recording capabilities, distribution and syndication, joint moderator and co-hosting options, web or phone connections, easy to use RSS Feeds, auto-transcription, and way more. Learn More So are people even tuning into podcasts? Start talking. Say what you need to with a top podcast platform. It’s straightforward to start your podcast with TalkShoe. Everything you need (and more!) is in one place, ready for you to use right now. Start Creating Raconteurs, conversationalists, yarn spinners... Hear what other TalkShoe podcasters have to say: "The TalkShoe podcast platform is fantastic! It’s super easy to produce, stream, record and share via RSS feed, not to mention the hosting and unlimited storage is free! It’s the perfect platform for those new to podcasting or for professional casters. Give it a try!" Todd Shapiro The Todd Shapiro Show, SiriusXM "As a long-time Podcaster, I love TalkShoe's functionality, ease of use, and constant refinements & updates! I highly recommend it for seasoned podcasters & vloggers, keen amateurs & enthusiasts. TalkShoe will give you the showcase you've wanted and much more!" Dave Cooper The Cultdom Collective Podcast FAQ How to start a podcast with TalkShoe? Do you have a great idea for a podcast?  Whether you want to record your podcast episodes live with an audience or upload pre-recorded episodes, TalkShoe’s podcast platform makes it easy to start your podcast today! First, head to talkshoe.com and choose “Sign up free” to create your free TalkShoe account.  Pick a username that will reflect your show’s ideas and themes. Once you have your account created, click the “Create” button to bring your podcast to life.  Click the “+ new show” button to start the process.  Enter your podcast’s title, add a description, choose an appropriate age rating for your intended audience and your show’s themes, and pick a show category.  Your new podcast is created! When you are ready for your first episode, click the “New episode” button on your show’s page.  Choose whether you want to “schedule” a future live episode or to “upload” a pre-recorded episode in mp3 audio.  In addition to the mp3 file, uploaded episodes will need a date and time of when you pre-recorded the episode, a title, and description. When scheduling your live episode, pick a title, choose a date and time when you will go live, a description for your episode, invite guests to your live recording with an email, and choose appropriate dial-in numbers that your guests can call in with using a phone.  Don’t forget to advertise your scheduled episode on social media for maximum exposure. Your scheduled live episode will become active 15 minutes before the scheduled start time.  At this time, you and your guests can connect to the TalkShoe Online Studio with a phone using one of the world-wide dial-in numbers, entering the podcast’s show ID, and their TalkShoe account’s PIN.  Or even better, connect with the Internet through the TalkShoe website using a computer, smart phone, or tablet which will you and your guests to interact in the text chat and use video!  Record your episode and have fun!  You can use our podcast software to record in audio only or include video with your webcam, shared documents from a computer or smart device, and a shared screen from your computer.  As the host, you can mute and unmute callers, control who can share video, and moderate the text chat.  You can also assign trusted moderators to help you run the live episode.  It couldn’t be easier with Talkshow’s podcast platform! Whether your episode was pre-recorded or performed live, don’t forget to advertise your new episode on social media after the end of the show.  And for maximum exposure, list your new show on podcasting directories such as Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, Spotify, and more by using the auto-generated RSS feed!  You only need to list the podcast once in each directory.  Listeners will find your show with the directories and can subscribe.  When you record or upload additional episodes of your show to our podcast platform, the directories will automatically update and those subscribers will automatically receive the new episodes! TalkShoe’s podcast software makes this process easy.  Just subscribe for your free TalkShoe account, easily create your new podcast, upload a pre-recorded episode or schedule and record a live episode, advertise your show on social media, list your show on directories with the auto-generated RSS feed, and have fun!  It’s as simple as that! What equipment and software do I need to start a podcast? To start an account and create your podcast on TalkShoe, you simply need an email address to register your TalkShoe account and an Internet connected computer, smart phone, or tablet to connect to the TalkShoe website to create the account. Once you have your account created and podcast set up, you can simply use your phone or cellphone to call in to the online studio to record live episodes, using one of the world-wide dial-in phone numbers, entering the show ID of your podcast, and your account’s PIN.  Using special key-entry phone commands, you can start and pause your recording, end the show, and have limited moderator controls.  If you set up your TalkShoe account with the “on demand” setting, you can even record live “on-demand” episodes without needing to schedule them in advance by only calling in to your online studio on the phone. For greater control over the podcast platform, you can use a computer device such as a Windows, Mac, or Linux PC, or an Android or Apple smartphone or tablet, to connect via the TalkShoe website over the Internet.  Use any modern browser such Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, or Apple Safari.  In addition, have a microphone connected to your device to record your voice with.  Ideally also have audio played back through headphones, earbuds, or a headset to help prevent echo on your live call.  With the Internet connection, you will be able to include video elements such as webcams, shared documents, and shared desktops, plus communicate with guests in the text chat.  The connection through the Internet will also allow you, and any moderators that you assign, to easily moderate the call, controlling who can use the video and text elements of the episode. For uploaded recordings, all you need is an Internet connection, a microphone, and a computing device such a Windows, Mac, or Linux computer, or an Apple or Android smartphone or tablet.  You can record your episodes using audio recording software, such as the free Audacity application available for Windows, MacOS, and Linux.  Record your episode, edit it, and upload it to your show as an uploaded episode! Can I upload my podcast on multiple platforms like Spotify? Absolutely!  Every podcast on our podcast platform comes with a free auto-generated RSS feed.  This special file contains all the information about your podcast, including your name as the host, the podcast’s title, episode dates and times, episode titles, episode durations, and most importantly locations of your episodes. Your RSS feed will have a web-address which you can easily copy from the TalkShoe website.  You can list your podcast on various directories, such as Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Google Podcasts, TuneIn, Stitcher, and many more by signing up with those services and providing your podcast’s RSS feed URL.  You only need to register your show once on each service. New listeners can find your podcast’s listing on those services and subscribe to your show.  Your episodes, including any future episodes, will automatically download to their device so they can listen.  It’s as easy as that.  Just register on each service using your podcast’s RSS feed URL, provided to you for free by TalkShoe’s podcast software! Partners Contact Blog Terms Privacy Do Not Sell My Personal Info 2022 TalkShoe, Inc. search close chevron-down twitter facebook feed angle-right angle-down code-fork microphone ellipsis-v play-circle dollar youtube-play instagram copyright pause-circle cross We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Google Analytics Additional Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. See our Privacy Policy for more information. TalkShoe does not sell (as “sell” is traditionally defined) your personal information. That is, we don’t provide your name, email address, or other personally identifiable information to third parties in exchange for money. But under California law, sharing information for advertising purposes may be considered a “sale” of “personal information.” If you’ve visited our website within the past 12 months and you’ve seen ads, under California law personal information about you may have been “sold” to our advertising partners. California residents have the right to opt-out of the “sale” of personal information, and we’ve made it easy for anyone to stop the information transfers that might be considered such a “sale”. To do this you need to disable cookie tracking in this model. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics and Crazy Egg to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Additional Cookies This website uses the following additional cookies: Facebook Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings