Social Listening and Media Monitoring Tool | Talkwalker Skip to content homepage Why Talkwalker Products Blue Silk™ AI Generative AI Blue Silk™ GPT Social listening Media monitoring Social benchmarking Audience insights Customer feedback analytics Social content ratings Marketplace Data coverage Solutions Consumer goods Pharmaceuticals healthcare Sports Media Financial services Technology PR & comms Social marketing Digital marketing Consumer insights Customer experience Agencies Reputation management Crisis management Competitive intelligence Trend research Location insights Product insights Resources Resource library Blog Reports Help center Free tools Customer stories Pricing Login Request a demo homepage open navigation menu homepage close navigation menu Why Talkwalker Products Solutions Resources Customer stories Pricing Login Request a demo A vibrant visual of Talkwalker’s analytics platform showing sentiment bars for media outlets, a line graph of social engagement across LinkedIn, Instagram, and Facebook, a world map with 4.5M reach, and clusters linking creator and consumer data. A tweet with a golf video is featured, along with sentiment metrics (86% positive, 14% negative) and media value (12.8). Curved lines connect the elements, highlighting integrated insights. Navigate the dynamic world of social and consumer data Drive loyalty, win new customers, and outplay your competitors with our leading social listening, media monitoring, and social benchmarking technology. Request a custom demo 📊  Social listening Supercharge your social listening. Big on impact, best-in-class coverage and intuitive to use. Make social data accessible to all your teams. Read more 📱Media monitoring Be a media monitoring superstar! Measure brand performance and build successful PR and content strategies for your business. Read more 🎯 Social benchmarking The tools you need to get ahead of the pack! Compare performance against competitors and industry standards. Read more Simplified preview of the Talkwalker platform showing bar charts, line charts, plotted visualizations, and a map for social media and site performance. Real business impact Working for you to: Build strong marketing strategies Run confident product development programs Connect with influential media partners Engage consumers to drive loyalty and sales Why Talkwalker? The insights that Talkwalker provides us have been incredible and have really informed our campaign strategy. Providing these insights to our stakeholders demonstrates what social media can do for our brand and helps us secure investment to increase our budgets and grow our team. Liz Grey Social Media Manager University of Sydney Partnering with... PR & comms Protect your brand. Manage your reputation and mitigate crises. Social marketing Identify trends, measure performance, and optimize your social strategy. Consumer insights Find the unmet needs of your ideal customers and build an innovation engine. Agencies Showcase data and expertise to wow your clients and win new ones. The 1st choice of over 2,500 organizations Yeti AI Agent output showing sentiment and share-of-voice analysis for Somos Bank. The interface includes a Monitor tag and two pie charts breaking down sentiment and competitor share. A blue Yeti mascot appears on the left. Illustrates how AI agents visualize social performance data. New in Talkwalker: Yeti Agent Discover the self-driving insights partner that independently scans your data, spots important trends or issues, and turns them into clear, ready-to-use strategic tips without you having to prompt every step. Learn more Talkwalker homepage Products Social listening Social benchmarking Media monitoring Audience insights Customer feedback analytics Marketplace Blue Silk™ AI Solutions Consumer goods Sports Media Financial services Pharma & healthcare Technology Agency Resources Blog Reports Marketing essentials Talkwalker status Developer portal About Our story Life @ Talkwalker Newsroom Contact us Must read The Forrester New Wave™ Social media listening guide Social media analytics guide PR crisis management guide Consumer intelligence guide Best OSINT tools Language selector English English French German Italian Spanish Japanese © Copyright Talkwalker 2026 . All Rights Reserved. Cookies Legal Terms Privacy Policy Impressum