Skip to main content
Travel
Tallink Hotels
E-shop
Cargo
Club One
Tallink Grupp
My booking
Sign inMy booking Join Club One
Helsinki
Tallinn
01.01.2026
Book a trip
Winter Cruises Await

Use code HAPPY26 to unlock seasonal savings!

Find out more
Club One has been renewed

Join and travel by March 31 to enjoy 3000 points.

About Club One
Cross the sea between Helsinki and Tallinn – all year round
Choose from 6 daily departures
Helsinki
Tallinn
01.01.2026
Book a trip
Come and discover the pearls of the Baltic Sea!

Find your perfect short cruises and city breaks

Set Sail into 2026

Cruises and one-way trips

Up to 30% discount

Use code HAPPY26

Read more & book
Join the Baltic Sea’s biggest loyalty program

Join and travel by March 31

to enjoy 3,000 points

Join now
Terms and Conditions
Discover Riga & Visby

11 x special departures

Roundtrip Cruises

Visby cruises
Riga cruises
Experience Comfort Class

Cosy lounge on Tallink Shuttles

plus 31 €/person

Additional fee

Read more & book
Relax in the sauna

Refresh Body & Mind

from 10 €/person

Entrance fee

Read more
Unforgettable entertainment & special events at sea!

Join us at the Starlight Show Bar for a night of dazzling dance, music, and star performances. There’s something for everyone—see below and get ready to cruise!

Dance the Night Away

This show group combines ballroom and Latin dance, acrobatics, and live singing. From ’50s rock ’n’ roll to tango, dazzling costumes and sizzling choreography keep you moving.

From 16 November
Silja Symphony, Silja Serenade
Read more
Special New Year Cruises

Sail into the New Year 2026 with music, dining and dazzling atmosphere. Unforgettable celebrations await aboard our cruises!

30.12.2025-1.1.2026
Cruise ships
Read more
Sing, Dance & Celebrate

Listen to soulful troubadours or shine like a star in karaoke and sing along! Let the evergreen songs take you to the memory lane.

Daily (with occasional exceptions)
Bars & Night Clubs
Check programme
Harri the Seal

Our very own Harri the Seal loves to make new friends! You are welcome to take the best selfie and hug the cuddly character during the cruise.

Weekends and school holidays
All cruise ships
Find kids’ programme
Check artist calendar
Experience more on your cruise

There’s plenty to keep travellers young and old entertained on board. You can shop at sea prices, enjoy the views, relax in the sauna or have a front row seat to our onboard shows. Find out more about what we offer here.

Connecting the Baltic Sea region

Welcome to the capital cities and discover the amazing Turku and Åland Islands! We provide year-round sea transportation and short cruises on the following routes:

Helsinki-Tallinn
Helsinki-Stockholm
Tallinn-Stockholm
Turku-Stockholm
Paldiski-Kapellskär
Eat & drink

The Grande Buffet offers you the chance to try over 100 delicious dishes! Or, if you’re in the mood for something different, you can choose from a wide selection of menus in our à la carte restaurants.

View restaurant menus
Sweet Dreams

Whether you are travelling alone, with friends or family, you can find a cabin that suits your needs. Modern-furnished cabins have everything necessary to allow you to spend a pleasant mini-holiday at sea.

Find a perfect cabin
Shopping

Get ready to explore the amazing world of duty-free products and brands at incredible prices! View the fantastic offers from the comfort of your own home and start planning your shopping list before you even step on board!

Discover all shops
Fun-filled family cruise

The kids will love the cruise adventure! There’ll be crafts, a ball pit and an ice-cream buffet, along with fun activities and a disco. Book the Friendship package for extra fun!

Plan your family adventure
Our fleet

Take a look at our fleet! Each ship offers something a little different. Read on to find out more and choose the one that suits your travel plans best.

Explore our fleet
Download the Tallink Silja Line app

Our app provides easy access to booking and managing your trips, allowing you to view timetables, make reservations, check-in quickly from your phone, and much more.

More luxurious weekdays, nicer weekends

Treat yourself to a mini-vacation. Indulge in delicious cuisine and relaxation, shopping, and entertainment on board Tallink Silja Line ships as we take you to fantastic destinations on the other side of the Baltic Sea. With eventful departures every day, your holiday is just a step away.

AS Tallink Grupp

About Tallink Grupp
Work at Tallink Grupp
Tallink Silja Line shops in Tallinn
Tallink Tennis Centre
Responsible business
Press releases

Contact

Customer service
Terminals
Feedback
Tallink Silja Line App

Useful information

Terms & conditions
Good to know
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Sales Info

Follow us

 Facebook  Instagram  YouTube  LinkedIn  Subscribe to newsletter

© AS Tallink Grupp 2025