Tamara Buy Now Pay Later | Split into up to 24 months with no late fees Personal Personal PAY WITH TAMARA   |  NO LATE FEES,  SHARIA COMPLIANT Resources Pay Later Pay in up to 24 months Shop Discover your favorite stores Buyer Protection Shop securely and confidently Company Financing Product Prices Calculate payments with APR Calculator Your Credit Score Pay on time to unlock benefits Tamara Deals Exclusive deals from your favorite stores Company Tamara Smart Enjoy exclusive cashbacks and benefits Tamara Smart+ Your anywhere, anything shopping Need Support? We are here to help! Business Business PAY WITH TAMARA   |  NO LATE FEES,  SHARIA COMPLIANT Resources Tamara For Business Smart tools for every business Tamara Ads Grow your brand Success Stories Explore merchant case studies Company Integration Guide Your all-in-one Tamara toolkit Merchant Kit Plug ‘n’ play designs Need Support? We are here to help! Company Sign Up Boost your sales with Tamara Log In Access your merchant dashboard Company Company PAY WITH TAMARA   |  NO LATE FEES,  SHARIA COMPLIANT Resources Sharia Committee We are 100% Sharia Compliant About Us Our vision, values, and what we believe in Tamara Careers Join the heroes powering Tamara Tamara Builders Program Your growth trajectory starts here Company Tamara Blog Inside our culture, tech and trends Media Center Access our media kit and brand assets Press Read about us in the news Help Center اﻟﻌﺮﺑﻴﺔ Sign up For shoppers For Business Help Center اﻟﻌﺮﺑﻴﺔ Own your Dream with Tamara With the Tamara App, you’re in control. Choose the way you pay and bring your dreams to life. Get the app Get the app Get the app Sharia compliant متوافقة مع الشريعة الإسلامية No late fees بدون رسوم تأخير Pay in 24 Pay in up to 24 months for everything you love. قريبًا مع تمارا ادفع على 24 قسّمها حتى 24 دفعة. Tamara makes payments effortless. Built on trust, designed for simplicity, and available wherever your dreams take you. NO LATE FEES Sharia compliant ‍ at heart! PAY LATER Pay over 24 months, at your own pace! BACK TO SCHOOL Goodbye to bulky school tuition fees! DEALS AND CASHBACKS Save every time you pay with Tamara Shop your favorite stores and pay in up to 24 months Stay up to date with the latest offers and new stores. Shop with ease using Tamara’s flexible payment plans. Browse Brands DISCOUNTS Find the best deals to pay with Tamara Discover offers on brands you love, discounts you deserve, and pay your way. Explore deals SMART Go further with Smart Enjoy exclusive cashback, rewards, and more!  Free for the first month, then only á 19 monthly. Explore Smart BUSINESS Retail payment solutions for your business Power your sales with Tamara’s payment solutions, designed to convert browsers into loyal customers. Join Tamara Business Learn more PRIVACY AND PROTECTION Your safety, always on We monitor your transactions around the clock and secure your data with top-level protection. So you can shop, split, and smile, stress-free. Frequently asked questions What is Tamara and how does it work? Tamara is a payment solution that makes shopping simpler, smarter, and hassle-free. With Tamara, shop leading brands and split your payments or Pay in Full! Where can I use Tamara? Tamara is currently available in stores across KSA, UAE, Kuwait, and Bahrain, giving customers in these countries the chance to experience seamless payment solutions. Can I use Tamara both online and in-store? Yes, Tamara is available both online and in-store, ensuring you have access to flexible payment solutions everywhere you go. How do I sign up for Tamara? Signing up for Tamara is simple! Navigate to the Tamara website or app, share your phone number, verify your details, and begin shopping! What is the Farah discounts program? With Farah, enjoy exclusive discounts from brands you know and love, all in one place! Farah discounts come in the form of Farah offers, applied automatically at checkout, or promo codes, where discounts are redeemed via codes applied on the store’s checkout page. What products and services are available with Tamara? With Tamara, you can split your payments or Pay in Full for a variety of products and services. Tamara’s payment solutions are offered by a wide range of stores, from beauty to electronics. How do I complete my payments? You can complete your payments for your Tamara orders directly via the Tamara app or website. Don’t worry – you’ll receive regular payment reminders from us before your payment is due to help you stay on track! What happens if I miss one of my payments? To help you make your payments on time, we make sure to consistently send you payment reminders via push notification and SMS. If you do miss a payment, no late fees will be charged whatsoever. However, please note that repeated delays in payment may result in the suspension of your Tamara account and an impact on your credit score. Is my personal information secure with Tamara? Yes, Tamara prioritizes the security and privacy of all your personal data. All transactions and data are protected using advanced encryption technologies to ensure your details remain safe and secure. COMPANY About us Press Financial Reports The Tamara Blog Sharia Committee Privacy Policies Terms & Conditions Careers Whistleblower Policy Media Center PERSONAL Download App Pay Later Financing Product Prices Tamara Smart Tamara Smart+ Tamara Deals Shop Brands Your Credit Score Buyer Protection Debt Service Partners Vulnerability Disclosure Consumer Protection BUSINESS Business Signup Business Login Business Solution Success Stories Tamara Ads Branding & Marketing Guidelines INDUSTRIES Fashion Electronics Education Healthcare Home and Living Travel Beauty INTEGRATION & TOOLS All Integration Guides Shopify WooCommerce Magento Salla Zid SUPPORT Help center Tel: 8001181118 System Status FOLLOW US Saudi Arabia keyboard_arrow_down Saudi Arabia United Arab Emirates Kuwait Bahrain Download the app © 2025 Tamara. All Rights Reserved Tamara Finance Company (a joint-stock Saudi company). Under the supervision and control of The Saudi Central Bank (SAMA). Under License No. 95/A Sh/202502. The capital is 515,000,000 Saudi Riyals  |  Commercial Registration No: 1010627663  |  Unified No: 7016874419. King Abdullah Branch Road, King Salman Dist. Building No. 2907, Postal Code 12444, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.