TAMIL SONG LYRICS: Archive Of Tamil Song Lyrics - 2023 Home Movies Music Directors List Singers List S.P. Balasubrahmanyam Songs S Janaki Songs Lyrics Albums Artists Tamil Song Lyrics Tamil2lyrics.com is a Tamil Song Lyrics (Tamil Paadal Varigal) portal that provides 20067 song lyrics in both Tamil and English Versions. We do our best to keep the song lyrics original and easy to read for every song lover out there. POPULAR LYRICS Dhanush Rowdy Baby Song Lyrics Vivek OMG Ponnu Song Lyrics Na. Muthu Kumar Unnale Ennalum En Jeevan Song Lyrics Yuga Bharathi Adada Idhuyenna Song Lyrics Na. Muthu Kumar Konji Pesida Venaam Song Lyrics Yuga Bharathi Kannamma Kannamma Song Lyrics Yuga Bharathi Kanna Kaattu Podhum Song Lyrics Yuga Bharathi Koodamela Koodavechi Song Lyrics Vivek Adiye Azhage Song Lyrics Madhan Karky Kangal Thirakkum Song Lyrics LATEST LYRICS 1. Rebel Saab Song Lyrics G. Muralidharan 2. Vanthiyala Vanthiyala Song Lyrics Seeman 3. Aathoram Thoppukkulla Song Lyrics Vairamuthu 4. Chinna Chinna Panithuli Song Lyrics Vairamuthu 5. Aanna Aavanna Song Lyrics Vairamuthu 6. En Veettu Thottathile Song Lyrics Vairamuthu 7. Indirano Chandirano Song Lyrics Vairamuthu 8. Azhagaana Arakkana Song Lyrics Vishnu Edavan 9. Paalu Paalu Song Lyrics Vaali 10. Nalvaakku Nee Kodadi Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 11. Kaniyo Paago Karkando Song Lyrics Udumalai Narayanakavi 12. Kaniyaa Kanniyaa Vaazhvil Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 13. Marundho Marundhu Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 14. Kaayame Idhu Meiyadaa Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 15. Illaadha Adhisayamaai Song Lyrics No Information 16. Idhaya Vaanile Song Lyrics Udumalai Narayanakavi 17. Ellai Merudhe Manam Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 18. Chellakkiliye Allik Kulame Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 19. Ambigaapathi Seidha Pizhai Song Lyrics A. Maruthakasi 20. Aadum Ponne Aasai Kanne Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram 21. Anbe Aandavan Aagum Song Lyrics Pattukkottai Kalyanasundram About Us Our website tamil2lyrics.com serves the purpose of sharing thousands of tamil song lyrics to the public audience for a better singing experience and to learn more about the song written by any lyricist or poet. The beauty of any song will be expressed through the song lyrics, and love towards the language from the poet can be seen in most of the top Tamil songs. To make things Lil easier for people to navigate, we have customized the website and separated song lyrics based on Lyricist, Singers, and Music Directors. Adding fresh new lyrics or any missing ones to the site is a never-ending process that we have been doing without any break for the past several years. We do our best to keep the site functional for 24*7 without any downtime unless some unexpected network disruption occurs. Tamil Movies List Music Directors List Singers List Finding your favorite tamil song lyrics is made simple, we have Google Custom search option to find your desire song lyrics without going through too many pages. Simply enter the song name or a part of the lyrics and you hit the search button. That’s it, you will get the instant result from google search engine based on the relevant input search keyword. DMCA Tamil2lyrics.com do not provide any mp3 audios of any movie songs. We do not sell or monetize using audio/mp3 files of any songs. We simply provide the lyrics of the song for singing purpose/to learn tamil music. If you feel like we breach your copyright policy or infringe your copyright material. Please contact us through email: [email protected] . Once we get any DMCA complaint regarding the LYRICS we have in our website, we take them down in 24 hours period. © 2025 - www.tamil2lyrics.com Home Movies Partners Privacy Policy Contact