Tampermonkey®
by Jan Biniok
en
zh
de
fr
es
pt
ru
it
ja
  Home
  Userscripts
  Support
  Changes
  Contribute
  About
  Chrome
  Microsoft Edge
  Firefox
  Safari
  Opera Next

Tampermonkey is one of the most popular browser extensions across all major browsers. It's available for Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Safari, Opera Next, and Firefox.

It allows its users to customize and enhance the functionality of your favorite web pages. Userscripts are small JavaScript programs that can be used to add new features or modify existing ones on web pages. With Tampermonkey, you can easily create, manage, and run these userscripts on any website you visit.

For example, with Tampermonkey, you could add a new button to a web page that lets you quickly share a link on social media, or to automatically fill in a form with your personal information. This is especially useful in the age of digitization, where web pages are often used as user interfaces for accessing a wide range of services and applications.

Additionally, Tampermonkey makes it easy to find and install userscripts created by other users. This means that you can quickly and easily access a vast library of customizations and enhancements for your favorite web pages, without having to spend hours writing your own code.

Whether you're a web developer looking to add new features to your site, or just a regular user looking to improve your online experience, Tampermonkey is a great tool to have in your toolkit.

	
	   Scan the QR code to use Tampermonkey on your Android phone/tablet via Microsoft Edge
DOWNLOAD
 

Tampermonkey

Chrome 120+

Free | Multi-Language
Privacy Policy	 Get from Store 
 

Tampermonkey Legacy (MV2)

Chrome 71+

Free | Multi-Language
Privacy Policy	 Get from Store  
 

Tampermonkey BETA

Chrome 120+

Free | Multi-Language
Privacy Policy	 Get from Store 
FEATURES
Easy Script Access

The Tampermonkey's popup is useful for quickly and easily managing installed userscripts. In some browsers you have to manually pin the icon to see it all the time. It allows users to enable or disable scripts, view the status of scripts, and start update checks without leaving the current page. This makes it easy for users to control the behavior of their installed userscripts and customize their browsing experience. Furthermore the number of running scripts is displayed as small number right at the extension icon near the address bar. ( video tutorial)

Script Overview

Click at the image to view full size

Tampermonkey's dashboard shows a clear overview of the scripts that are installed. You can see when they were updated the last time, if they do have a homepage, you can sort them and many more... ( video tutorial)

Multiple Configuration Modes

You can choose between three different configuration modes Novice, Beginner and Advanced. This allows power user to access and use advanced features and capabilities of Tampermonkey. ( video tutorial)

Automatic Script Update

Automatic updates can help to keep you userscripts secure by automatically installing the latest security patches and updates. It can also help to maintain compatibility by automatically installing the latest updates for web page changes. You will also automatically benefit from latest features and enhancements added. You can setup how often the scripts will be checked for updates.

Security

Click at the image to view full size

Only the paranoid survive! Blacklist all sites that never should be accessible by a userscript.

Compatibility

Tampermonkey offers a compatibility layer for older userscripts and userscripts that were written to run at Greasemonkey (<= 3.x) It tries to detect which options are necessary automatically.

Script Synchronization

You're using more than one browser, one at home and one at work? Simply enable Tampermonkey's sync feature to synchronize your scripts.

CodeMirror Editor

You need to develop or edit a script? No problem! Tampermonkey comes with a built-in editor.

Syntax Check with ESLint

Click at the image to view full size

Your script doesn't work? Tampermonkey's syntax check might find the issue... 😅

Rapid development

Click at the image to view full size

Tampermonkey's editor is OK, but you want to use your own? The solution is to enable file access and to @require the local copy of your script.

You can also try out the Tampermonkey Editors extension to edit the script at vscode.dev

Removal

If you're not happy with Tampermonkey (this is unlikely to happen, but who knows 😉), then you can remove it at the browser's extension page.

Imprint Privacy Policy