Tanaza - Cloud Management Platform for WiFi Access Points The future of Tanaza would mean that a company or individual wishing to deliver WiFi based connectivity services will be able to select their WiFi hardware and software independently. Languages EN IT FR ES PT Support Login Overview Overview WiFi Cloud Management Centralized Configuration Remote Monitoring Multi Tenant WiFi Fast Roaming TanazaOS™ TanazaOS Installer Freemium WiFi Cloud Management Centralized Configuration Remote Monitoring Multi Tenant WiFi Fast Roaming TanazaOS™ Devices Core Features Marketplace Resources Resources Success Stories Blog Interactive Demo Support Center System Status Getting Started Interactive Demo Support Center System Status Blog Pricing Try Tanaza Try Tanaza Get started Try Interactive Demo Schedule a Guided Demo Get in Touch with Us Request Free Trial Try Interactive Demo Schedule a Guided Demo Get in Touch with Us Getting Started Languages EN IT FR ES PT Support Login Search START TYPING AND PRESS ENTER TO SEARCH Overview Overview WiFi Cloud Management Centralized Configuration Remote Monitoring Multi Tenant WiFi Fast Roaming TanazaOS™ TanazaOS Installer Freemium WiFi Cloud Management Centralized Configuration Remote Monitoring Multi Tenant WiFi Fast Roaming TanazaOS™ Devices Core Features Marketplace Resources Resources Success Stories Blog Interactive Demo Support Center System Status Getting Started Interactive Demo Support Center System Status Blog Pricing Try Tanaza Try Tanaza Get started Try Interactive Demo Schedule a Guided Demo Get in Touch with Us Request Free Trial Try Interactive Demo Schedule a Guided Demo Get in Touch with Us Getting Started Languages EN IT FR ES PT Support Login Search The Cloud-based platform to provide B2B managed Wi-Fi services It works with your favorite hardware option Watch Tanaza in action The Cloud-based platform to provide B2B managed Wi-Fi services It works with your favorite hardware option Watch Tanaza in action Tanaza is a hardware-agnostic cloud-based platform to make it easy and efficient deploying Wi-Fi networks and providing managed Wi-Fi services to business customers. From self-provisioning, to centralized configuration to real-time monitoring on the go, we got you covered. Watch the video Perfect to offer B2B managed Wi-Fi services MSP Operational efficiency All sites meanageble via the same centralized dashboard Software flexibility Works with many Apps to meet any customer’s use case ISP Virtualization and automation Via APIs that abstract the hardware layer Agile at scale A cloud-native Wi-Fi Access Control with SDN APIs that integrate with NVF Orchestrators A software that works with a broad list of hardware options Tanaza works with a wide range of white-box and off-the-shelf Wi-Fi access points and Wi-Fi routers, including high-performing or cost-effective ones, used for indoor/outdoor, desktop or ceiling-mountable deployments with POE. From Edgecore to Mikrotik to Ubiquiti access points, we got you coved. Partners that trust us Enable the use cases needed by your customers Power up your network deployments with Apps that span from Social Login, to Wi-Fi monetization, client identification, content filtering, cybersecurity of presence detection, and more. Pricing plans Start with Basic, grow with Pro You can choose between two plans, and customize them based on your needs. Switch from Basic to Pro anytime. Pricing plans Start with Basic, grow with Pro You can choose between two plans, and customize them based on your needs. Switch from Basic to Pro anytime. TANAZA Overview What’s next Compatible devices Tanaza Platform Trust CLASSIC HOTSPOT Classic Hotspot Overview Login Classic Hotspot TRY TANAZA Create your free account Book a guided demo Get Interactive demo COMPANY Contact About Work with us Newsroom Legal Information Tanaza S.p.A., via Carlo de Cristoforis 13, 20124 Milano, Italy – VAT Number: IT07081410966 Follow Follow Follow Follow This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 873466. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information . Settings Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT Add Tanaza to your Home screen Download Tanaza