Tandem Diabetes Care | Insulin Pumps for Diabetes Management Skip to Main Content NOW AVAILABLE: t:slim X2 pump + FreeStyle Libre 3 Plus Sensor Learn More Search Get Started We create new possibilities for people living with diabetes, their loved ones, and the healthcare providers supporting them. Products Tandem Mobi System Impressively small, iPhone control Learn More t:slim X2 Insulin Pump Proven system, color touchscreen Learn More Back Products and Technology Insulin Pump Systems Control-IQ+ Technology Glucose Monitoring Software & Mobile Apps Software & Mobile Apps Our integrated platforms bring together automated insulin delivery, therapy data, software updates, and other technology. Software & Mobile Apps Free Virtual Pump Demo Mobile Apps Tandem Source Remote Software Updates Sugarmate Infusion Sets Why Tandem Why Tandem We create new possibilities for people living with diabetes and their loved ones through a positively different experience. Back Positively Different Type 1 Diabetes Type 2 Diabetes Kids & Teens Cost & Coverage Community Community We love the supportive diabetes community. That’s why Tandem Diabetes Care is active on social media  and at local events. Back Supportive Community Join Team Tandem Team Tandem Spotlight Tandem Blog Advocacy Launchpad Support Support Tandem Diabetes Care has your back with technical support and a wide range of trainings, services, and resources. Contact Us Back Connected Care Contact Us Support Center Support Center Support Center Software & Apps CGM Sensors Software Updates Support Center Pump Training Available Software Updates Pump Benefit Programs Diabetes Education Diabetes Education These articles are designed to help educate about diabetes, diabetes management, and insulin pump therapy. Diabetes Education Type 1 Diabetes Type 2 Diabetes Managing Diabetes View All Categories Providers Get Started Search Get Started Back Tandem Source Diabetes Management and Care t:slim X2 Pump Now Pairs with FreeStyle Libre 3 Plus Sensor Learn More Control-IQ+ Technology Tandem Diabetes Care automated insulin delivery systems are now powered by Control-IQ+ technology — the only predictive algorithm with AutoBolus. Control-IQ+ predicts and helps prevent highs and lows. Now available for ages 2+ (type 1) and 18+ (type 2). Choose which Tandem automated insulin delivery system best fits your lifestyle. Tandem Mobi System This insulin pump can be worn almost anywhere,* giving you more options for how you manage your diabetes. It’s powered by Control-IQ+ technology and is controllable with a compatible, personal iPhone. † Explore Pump t:slim X2 Insulin Pump This all-in-one system features a slim, sleek, user-friendly color touchscreen and multiple CGM options. ‡ It's powered by Control-IQ+ technology, which predicts and helps prevent highs and lows. Explore Pump Best-in-Class Outcomes Starting on Day 1 1 Hear from parents, kids, and teens who have experienced the life‑changing benefits of Tandem automated insulin delivery. My A1c has been amazing since I switched to Tandem. I used to wake up with lows, and that’s really scary. But Tandem is my safety net. Izzy diagnosed 2016 Tandem puts my diabetes on the backburner and lets me focus on what’s important. Individual results may vary. Tristan diagnosed 1997 We sleep at night. That’s humongous. Tandem takes so much stress off of our plate. Individual results may vary. Kim Mother to Anna, diagnosed 2020 If I'm performing, I don't have to worry about going low. And if I'm at church or wearing a dress, I can just go to my phone to bolus. Eva diagnosed 2015 Individual symptoms, situations, circumstances, and results may vary. Infusion Sets Choose from a variety of cannula materials, tubing lengths, and insertion angles
    to fit your needs. Software Updates Technology evolves at a rapid pace. That’s why our insulin pumps are capable of remote software updates. Innovative Tools Our mobile and cloud-based applications are designed to help you better
    manage your diabetes. 24/7 Support Our support team is available 24 hours/day, 365 days a year. Expert Training We offer personal pump training to new customers so they can quickly learn our easy-to-use products. Limited Warranty We’re there for you! We can replace your insulin pump to minimize any disruption to your insulin therapy. § Tandem Diabetes Care #1 Favorite Pump You may be able to experience the life-changing benefits of Tandem automated insulin delivery for $0 out of pocket. Check Benefits Seagrove PWD Survey: Nov. 2024. Cost per day calculation reflects the average monthly out-of-pocket cost for pump and disposables necessary to utilize Tandem pump therapy over the life of the 48-month pump warranty. Assumes consumption of 10 infusion sets and cartridges per month. $0 out of pocket claim based on direct orders from Tandem customers with commercial insurance from 1/1/2024-12/31/2024. Data on file. Actual cost may vary and is subject to individual insurance coverage. How Insulin Pumps Work An insulin pump, like a healthy pancreas, delivers one type of insulin. You can use personalized settings on your insulin pump to deliver insulin continuously (basal) or in larger doses for meals (bolus). Learn More What's next? Whether you're ready to get a Tandem insulin pump, or looking to check insurance coverage, you’ll find everything you need here. Get Started * Do not wear or place your pump more than 12 inches (30.5 cm) above your infusion site. Doing so may result in over delivery of insulin. † The mobile app requires a compatible smartphone model and operating system (sold separately). Only available to pump users who reside in the United States. ‡ CGM sold separately. § See warranty terms and conditions for more details at tandemdiabetes.com/legal/warranty . Reference Note: Study was conducted using a t:slim X2 insulin pump with Control-IQ technology and Dexcom G6 sensor. 1. Beck RW, et al. Diabetes Technol Ther . 2023;25(5):329-342. Important Safety Information RX ONLY. Indications for Use Tandem Mobi system: The Tandem Mobi insulin pump with interoperable technology (the pump) is intended for the subcutaneous delivery of insulin, at set and variable rates, for the management of diabetes mellitus in persons requiring insulin. The Pump is able to reliably and securely communicate with compatible, digitally connected devices, including automated insulin dosing software, to receive, execute, and confirm commands from these devices. The pump is indicated for use in persons 2 years of age and greater. t:slim X2 insulin pump: The t:slim X2 insulin pump with interoperable technology (the pump) is intended for the subcutaneous delivery of insulin, at set and variable rates, for the management of diabetes mellitus in persons requiring insulin. The pump is able to reliably and securely communicate with compatible, digitally connected devices, including automated insulin dosing software, to receive, execute, and confirm commands from these devices. The pump is indicated for use in persons 2 years of age and greater. Control-IQ+ technology: Control-IQ+ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM, sold separately) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also deliver correction boluses when the glucose value is predicted to exceed a predefined threshold. Control-IQ+ technology is intended for the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 2 years of age and greater and of type 2 diabetes mellitus in persons 18 years of age and greater. Warning: Control-IQ+ technology should not be used in anyone under the age of 2 years old with type 1 diabetes or under the age of 18 years old with type 2 diabetes. It should also not be used in patients who require less than a total daily insulin dose of 5 units of insulin per day or who weigh less than 20 pounds (9 kilograms), as those are the required minimum values needed for Control-IQ+ to operate safely. Users of the pump and Control-IQ+ must: use the insulin pump, iCGM, and all other system components in accordance with their respective instructions for use. Failure to follow these instructions for use could result in an over delivery or under delivery of insulin.  This can cause hypoglycemia (low BG) or hyperglycemia (high BG) events. Visit tandemdiabetes.com/safetyinfo for additional important safety information. FreeStyle Libre 3 Plus sensor: For FreeStyle Libre 3 Plus sensor safety information, please visit freestyle.abbott/us-en/safety-information . The sensor housing, FreeStyle, Libre, and related brand marks are marks of Abbott and used with permission. Back to top Select Country United States (English) Australia (English) Bahamas (English) België (Nederlands) Belgien (Deutsch) Belgique (Français) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) Estados Unidos (Español) Finland (Svenska) France (Français) Ireland (English) Israel (English) Italia (Italiano) Luxemburg (Deutsch) Nederland (Nederlands) Luxembourg (Français) New Zealand (English) Norge (Norsk Bokmål) Portugal (Português) Österreich (Deutsch) Schweiz (Deutsch) Slovenija (Slovenščina) Slovensko (Slovenčina) South Africa (English) Suisse (Français) Suomi (Suomi) Sverige (Svenska) Svizzera (Italiano) United Kingdom (English) ישראל (עברית) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية) Positively Different About Tandem Careers with Tandem Newsroom Investor Center Connected Care Contact Us Disclosures Important Safety Information Privacy Notices Terms of Use Website Terms of Use Intellectual Property Cybersecurity Other Disclosures English (United States) English (Australia) English (Bahamas) Nederlands (België) Deutsch (Belgien) Français (Belgique) English (Canada) Français (Canada) Čeština (Česko) Dansk (Danmark) Deutsch (Deutschland) Español (España) Svenska (Finland) Français (France) English (Ireland) English (Israel) Italiano (Italia) Deutsch (Luxemburg) Nederlands (Nederland) Français (Luxembourg) English (New Zealand) Norsk Bokmål (Norge) Português (Portugal) Deutsch (Schweiz) Slovenčina (Slovensko) English (South Africa) Français (Suisse) Suomi (Suomi) Svenska (Sverige) Italiano (Svizzera) English (United Kingdom) Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2023 Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. All rights reserved.