Employ with confidence | Tanda About Product Workforce Management Build efficient rosters, record accurate clock-ins, and create compliant timesheets, all without the time-consuming admin. Payroll Create pay runs straight from your timesheets, pay accurate entitlements, and file STP directly from your Tanda account. HR Hire and collate important staff information and get staff ready to work. Tools to manage your hourly workforce from onboarding to offboarding. Workplace Protect Get practical workplace advice to ensure you're meeting your employer obligations and staying compliant with changing employment laws. Key Features Employee Self Service Employee Onboarding Shift Swapping Leave Management Performance Reviews Hire Employee Mobile App Rostering Software Award Interpretation View all features Solutions Industries Hospitality Creating an exceptional hospitality experience starts with empowering your teams. Retail Simplify rostering and stay compliant with complex retail award rules. Healthcare Automate the admin to focus on delivering high-quality care. Grocery Streamline day-to-day operations on roster with demand in mind. Early Learning Stay compliant with staff ratio rules and other regulations. Pharmacy Schedule a complex, highly skilled workforce, while keeping costs down. Clubs Managing a club is demanding but managing your staff doesn’t have to be. Franchises Maintain oversight of your locations and keep your business on the same page. QSR Gain valuable insights across your teams while staying on the right side of the workforce compliance. Restaurants Spend less time on administrative tasks and focus on delivering a quality dining experience. Professional Services Hospitality Restaurants Retail Healthcare Grocery Early Learning Pharmacy Clubs Franchises Quick Service Restaurants Pricing Learn Customer Stories Learn how Tanda simplifies compliance, streamlines rostering, and speeds up internal processes for companies big and small. Integrations & Partners See the industry partners and other software providers we integrate with, from point-of-sale systems to super clearing houses. Tools & Content Blog Resource Hub Employment Law Handbook Learning Centre SIGN IN SEE TANDA SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY SEE TANDA VIEW STORY Employ with confidence. Australia’s leading Payroll, HR, and Workforce Management software. SEE TANDA VIEW CUSTOMER STORIES Mobile App Performance Reviews Hire Award Interpretation Payroll Rosters Pay Conditions Employee Onboarding Pay staff correctly for the time they work with Tanda's industry-leading award interpretation. Who uses Tanda? The Broncos Leagues Club promotes a great employee experience while saving over 20 hours a month in processing payroll. VIEW STORY The Happy Apple Greengrocer cut payroll from 8 hours to 20 minutes using Tanda’s all-in-one workforce and payroll platform. VIEW STORY Starbucks Australia rolled out Tanda to 55 stores in just three weeks, giving managers more insights and visibility. VIEW STORY The Montague Hotel builds efficient rosters and forecasts the week ahead to stay in control of labour costs. VIEW STORY Champions IGA have cut the time it takes to process pays in half for over 700 employees across nine stores. VIEW STORY Kurrawa Surf Club use Tanda to escape the back office and spend more time on the floor with their patrons and community. VIEW STORY Domino’s changed the way they rostered staff by adopting Tanda’s latest predictive rostering features. VIEW STORY The Bentleigh Corner Pharmacy has gained greater control of their growing business while saving time and money. VIEW STORY Betty’s Burgers set their teams up for success and save 12 hours per week per restaurant with Tanda. VIEW STORY Sushi Sushi has used Tanda to help rapidly expand their business with confidence new stores will be compliant with Australian pay regulations. VIEW STORY Little Locals Early Learning manage qualifications and eliminate duplication and errors with Tanda. VIEW STORY Beefy’s uses Tanda to make life easy for managers across their family-owned business. VIEW STORY OverTheWire , formerly known as Fonebox, uses Tanda to optimise their rosters and deliver exceptional telecommunications customer experiences across Australia. VIEW STORY Ben & Jerry’s Mooloolaba used Tanda to gain deep insights into its cost base, optimise their roster, and boost sales. VIEW STORY The Cheesecake Shop uses Tanda to improve visibility across more than 200 stores, allowing them to grow their business. VIEW STORY trusted by businesses great and small What is Tanda? Tanda’s all-in-one software has everything you need to employ hourly workers in Australia. Tanda includes rostering, timesheets, payroll, and HR. Tanda is built to help automate correct pay rates and stay compliant with Fair Work rules. Workforce Management Demand-based rostering Leave and unavailability Overtime and break compliance Employee time clock LEARN MORE Payroll Schedule automated pay changes Store all your records in one place Faster & more accurate payroll Eliminate double entry across platforms LEARN MORE HR Two-way performance reviews Streamlined hiring and onboarding Digital training and induction tools Customisable written warnings LEARN MORE How can Tanda improve Fair Work compliance? Tanda’s expert compliance team maintains a library of Modern Award pay conditions, covering the most common awards. Modern Award Templates automate calculations for base rates right up to the most complex employment conditions. LEARN MORE See how Tanda works. Get a product demonstration See how Tanda can help you employ and manage your hourly team in Australia. SEE TANDA Solutions Workforce Management Payroll HR Product See Tanda Pricing Sign In Industries Quick Service Restaurants Franchises Clubs Pharmacy Early Learning Grocery Healthcare Retail Hospitality Key Features Rosters Award Interpretation Performance Management Live Insights Leave Management Tanda Hire Employee Onboarding Tanda Mobile App Contracts & Policies Learn Customer Stories Tanda Blog Ebooks Templates Webinars PaySure Series Company About Us Security Terms of Service Privacy Policy Careers Support Help Center Status Developer API Hub © 2012 - 2025 Tanda. Lvl 4/108 Wickham St, Fortitude Valley QLD 4006 Australia