Personal Online Banking: Digital Banking in Canada | Tangerine Skip to main content Skip to chat Personal Business Offers ABM Locator Rates Help English Français Become a Client My Tangerine My Tangerine Save Savings Account TFSA Savings Account RSP Savings Account RIF Savings Account US$ Savings Account Children’s Savings Account View All Savings Accounts Looking for Guaranteed Investments (GICs)? Spend Chequing No-Fee Daily Chequing Account Client Card with Visa Debit Credit Cards Tangerine® Money-Back World Mastercard®* Money-Back Credit Card Compare Credit Cards Invest Products Guaranteed Investment (GICs) Mutual Fund Investments Accounts Tax-Free Savings Account (TFSA) Retirement Savings Plan (RSP) Retirement Income Fund (RIF) Non-Registered Investment Get a 2% Investment Bonus♢♢ Borrow Mortgage Home Equity Line of Credit Line of Credit RSP Loan View All Borrowing Options Learn Learning Centre | The Juice Money Management Tools About Us Help Centre Save Business Savings Account US$ Business Savings Account Invest Business Guaranteed Investment US$ Business Guaranteed Investment Learn Learning Centre - The Juice Money Management Tools About Us Help Centre Log In Log Out Become a Client My Tangerine My Tangerine Personal Business Save Save Savings Account TFSA Savings Account RSP Savings Account RIF Savings Account US$ Savings Account Children’s Savings Account Looking for Guaranteed Investments (GICs)? Spend Spend Chequing No-Fee Daily Chequing Account Client Card with Visa Debit Credit Cards Tangerine® Money-Back World Mastercard®* Money-Back Credit Card Compare Credit Cards Invest Invest Products Guaranteed Investments (GIC) Mutual Fund Investments Accounts Tax-Free Savings Account (TFSA) Retirement Savings Plan (RSP) Retirement Income Fund (RIF) Non-Registered Investment Get a 2% Investment Bonus♢♢ Borrow Borrow Mortgage Home Equity Line of Credit Line of Credit RSP Loan View All Borrowing Options Learn Learn Learning Centre | The Juice Money Management Tools About Us Help Centre Save Save Savings Account US$ Savings Account Invest Invest Guaranteed Investments (GIC) US$ Guaranteed Investments (GIC) Learn Learn Learning Centre - The Juice Money Management Tools About Us Help English Français Help Rates ABM Locator Feedback Become a Client My Tangerine My Tangerine Log In Log Out ABM Locator Help Popular Searches Saving Account offer Chequing Account offer How to activate credit card Void cheque for direct deposit Direct deposit form GIC Hmmm... We didn’t catch that. Try again Try checking your spelling, rephrasing your query, or searching with keywords like “activate card”. Heads-up: We’ll be doing scheduled maintenance from Wednesday, December 31 at 11:30 PM to Thursday, January 1 at 06:30 AM ET. During this time, you won’t be able to log in to Tangerine.ca or the Mobile Banking app. Move your pay. Get $250.¹ Give yourself a Bonus, just like that. Become a Client Learn More $9 Billion+ Interest paid to Canadians 2 Million+ Tangerine Clients $0 Daily banking fees What can we help you with today? We offer a wide range of banking services to help Canadians live better lives and reach their financial goals. Savings Grow your money and save for your goals. Chequing No-fee daily chequing. Investing Do your future a favour. Credit Cards Money-Back Rewards on everyday purchases. GICs Great guaranteed interest rate. Offers Take advantage of our current bank offers. Get a 2% Investment Bonus ♢♢ Move money to Tangerine Investments & earn up to $20,000 per Account type. Learn More Your browser does not support the animation tag. We’re going to need a bigger shelf. We're very pleased to earn recognition confirming that we’re making a difference in our Clients' lives. Learn More Most Awarded for Personal Banking Client Satisfaction among Midsize Banks⁹ – J.D. Power Thanks to you, we’re #1 in Client Satisfaction among midsize personal banks 14 years in a row.⁹ #1 Bank in Canada on the Forbes list of the World’s Best Banks 2025 We’re proud to have been recognized as the #1 Bank in Canada on the Forbes list of the World’s Best Banks 2025.⁵ Put your credit into view Checking your credit score while managing your money is easy. Get a view into your credit history, active accounts and more, all while logged in with us. Learn More Spend smart and confidently No matter what device, we’ve got you covered. Add your Tangerine Client Card with Visa Debit and Credit Card to your mobile wallet and use it where contactless payments are accepted. Your security matters Keeping your banking info safe isn’t the only thing required to keep your Accounts protected. Discover expert tips and 24/7 security features for peace of mind all year long. Get informed Join with our app Become a Client completely digitally with our Mobile Banking app 3 . Sign up without leaving your home or having to call us—it’s a fast, convenient and secure mobile experience. Don’t have our Mobile Banking app 3 yet? Download it today, so you can bank easily from anywhere. 4.6 100,000+ Reviews 4 Signing up on Web is cool too! Legal Stuff 1 The Tangerine New Client Payroll Offer (the “Offer”) is available to new Clients who(se): (a) Client Number was created between May 1, 2024 and January 31, 2026 ; (b) open a Tangerine Chequing Account as the Primary Account Holder within 60 days of the date their Client Number was created; and (c) set up payroll direct deposits within 60 days of the date their Chequing Account was opened . A cash Bonus of $250 will be paid to the new Client’s Tangerine Chequing Account if the Client switches their eligible automated and recurring payroll direct deposits to their new Tangerine Chequing Account , provided that: (i) they deposit the full amount of their payroll direct deposits; (ii) payroll direct deposits total a minimum of $200 on a monthly basis; (iii) the first eligible payroll direct deposit is received in their Account within 60 days of successfully opening the Chequing Account; and (iv) their subsequent eligible payroll direct deposits continue for at least 2 consecutive months . The Bonus will be paid to the Client’s Tangerine Chequing Account in the subsequent month following the satisfaction of the Offer conditions. Offer can’t be combined with any other Chequing cash bonus Offers and is limited to one (1) Bonus per Client. By accepting any Offer, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Offer. Full Offer Terms and Conditions, including definitions of any capitalized terms, are available here . Offer may be changed, extended or cancelled without notice. † Savings Account, Chequing Account, and GIC interest rates expressed on this website are annual interest rates and are current as of today's date. Interest rates are subject to change without notice. Interest is calculated daily and paid monthly on our Savings and Chequing Accounts. GIC terms of one year or longer have interest calculated on the basis of 365/366 days and compounded and/or paid annually. GIC terms of less than one year have interest calculated on the basis of 365/366 and paid at maturity. 9 J.D. Power 2012-2025 Canada Retail Banking Satisfaction Studies. Visit jdpower.com/awards for more details. Tangerine has won more awards than any other brand among midsize banks in the J.D. Power Canada Retail Banking Satisfaction Studies from 2006-2025. Visit jdpower.com/awards for more information. 3 Some conditions may apply. Service is subject to availability and successful digital verification. 4 As of May 21, 2025 there were 44.7K reviews with an average rating of 4.5 from the Google Play Store and 72.5K reviews with an average rating of 4.8 from the App Store . ® App Store is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. ™ Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC. 5 This prestigious award is presented by Forbes and Statista, the world-leading statistics portal and industry ranking provider. The ranking recognizes the best banks in 34 countries based on an independent survey sample of more than 50,000 consumers. Survey participants evaluated select banks on several criteria: Trust, Terms & Conditions, Customer Service, Digital Services, and Financial Advice.  Of the 11 banks in Canada ranked by respondents, Tangerine Bank was ranked #1. For more information about the award methodology and banks included in the ranking, visit here . Resources Help Centre Learning Centre Contact Us ABM Locator Rates About Us Who We Are Awards Partnerships Careers Community English Français Get Our App Follow Us Tangerine is a trade name of Tangerine Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Bank of Nova Scotia and a CDIC member in its own right . Privacy Legal Security Accessibility Adchoices