Gift Card Rewards and Services | Tango Skip to main content Solutions How to order Self-serve portal Send rewards from one easy-to-use portal Gift card API Power rewards and incentives in your app or platform SaaS integrations Send rewards from the software you use every day Points solution Let your recipients earn points for rewards Rebate processing Ensure compliance while engaging customers Rewards and payouts Reward and payout offerings See the types of rewards and payouts Tango offers Gift cards Hundreds of popular brands Prepaid cards Visa and Mastercard Charity donations 30+ nonprofit organizations Choice products Flexible payments Let recipients choose how they’re paid out Selectable rewards Send recipients a choice of rewards to pick from Global rewards Reward anyone, anywhere in the world Use cases What's your role I'm an HR manager Reward, recognize, and retain employees I’m a researcher Make your survey or focus group more rewarding I have a wellness platform Incentivize engagement and reward healthy choices I’m in government Deliver fast, flexible disbursements and relief aid I work in marketing Motivate your audience to take action and generate leads I’m a sales leader Incentivize your team and acquire customers I run an enterprise program Grow your enterprise reward or payout program I'm in healthcare Motivate healthy behavior and recognize providers I work in finance or treasury Streamline payouts with corporate disbursements I’m a software engineer Add a reward catalog to your app or platform I focus on customer engagement Drive referrals, reviews, and retention I manage a Holiday rewards program Find the perfect holiday gifts for employees, customers or anyone on your list Reward catalog Resources Resources and insights Customer stories Learn how we help our customers succeed Blog Trends, expertise, education, and best practices Security and compliance Protecting your data is our highest responsibility Reward redemption FAQs Find answers to your redemption questions Business customer FAQs Find answers to frequently asked questions Featured Expanded global rewards catalog for global reach | Tango About Us Discover Tango Deliver a smile with every reward Contact us Support is what we do Why Tango? Why you should Tango Fuel stronger relationships, drive better results Security and compliance Protecting your data is our highest responsibility Global rewards Send rewards worldwide—faster and safer Careers Join our team Join the growing team at Tango! +1-925-738-3100 Start sending Log in Book a demo Send now Log in Solutions Solutions How to order How to order Self-serve portal Gift card API SaaS integrations Points soluion Rebate processing Rewards & payments Rewards & payouts Reward and payout offerings Gift cards Prepaid cards Charity donations Choice products Choice products Flexible payments Selectable rewards Global rewards Use Cases Use cases I'm an HR manager I’m a researcher I have a wellness platform I run an enterprise program I work in marketing I work in finance or treasury I focus on customer engagement I’m a sales leader I’m a software engineer I’m in government I'm in healthcare I manage a Holiday rewards program Reward Catalog Resources Resources Customer stories Blog Security and compliance Reward redemption FAQs Business customer FAQs +1-925-738-3100 Book a Demo Now available: Bulk physical cards with personalization! Get a demo to see physical options Now available : Bulk physical cards with personalization! Get a demo to see physical options Call sales: +1-925-738-3100 Send rewards and payouts to virtually anyone Get the results you need. Deliver physical and digital gift cards, prepaid cards, and cash instantly and securely. Plus, get help by talking to an actual human. Book a demo Create a Free Account 1,000+ global options, access the best global rewards and payouts Send rewards and payouts to virtually anyone Get the results you need. Deliver physical and digital gift cards, prepaid cards, and cash instantly and securely. Plus, get help by talking to an actual human. Book a demo Create a Free Account 1,000+ global options, access the best global rewards and payouts Send rewards and payouts to virtually anyone Get the results you need. Deliver physical and digital gift cards, prepaid cards, and cash instantly and securely. Plus, get help by talking to an actual human. Book a demo Create a free account We’re a trusted global partner to companies large and small. Enterprise-grade scale & security for companies of all sizes Our industry-leading technology supports programs of all sizes. We deliver millions of global rewards and payouts every month, while keeping our customers and recipients safe and secure. Learn about our security protocols Give your recipients exactly what they want Access our reward catalog, filled with 3,100+ physical and digital gift cards, prepaid cards, and charitable donations. Find rewards Create a free account Celebrate all your people with the perfect holiday gift Reward your customers and employees with the gift cards and prepaid cards they want. You can send digital or physical rewards fast—individually or in bulk. Customization options are available, too. Learn more Connect to a powerful, single gift card API Access our developer tools to send rewards from your app or platform. Get in touch View documentation Custom experiences Hosted experiences Build bespoke reward experiences end-to-end with a single, lightweight REST API Transform your reward program with full customization to meet the unique needs of your audience. Access our entire catalog of 3,100+ physical and digital gift cards, prepaid cards, and charitable donations, complete with detailed descriptions, disclaimers, and merchant logos. The power of our global rewards delivered through a single URL Dramatically reduce your development workload by simply generating a URL using our API. When clicked, this URL opens a new tab, transporting users to a fully built-out redemption experience. Rewards, incentives, and payouts for every goal Are you trying to reward and recognize employees? Generate leads and acquire customers? Drive more survey responses? We can help you crush your goals. Human resources and employee engagement Human resources and employee engagement Tango makes it easy to reward and recognize your employees. Need to strengthen employee engagement, increase retention, or maximize productivity? We've got the rewards and technology to make it happen. Learn more about employee rewards Marketing, sales and business development Marketing, sales and business development ‍ Deliver digital gift cards—and results. Generate more leads, close more deals, and increase loyalty with incentives your customers and prospects actually want. Learn more about marketing incentives Market research and university surveys Market research and university surveys Save time and money while increasing research participation. Instantly send your participants a choice of 100+ digital incentives. With our Qualtrics integration, you can even automate the entire process. Learn more about research incentives Software engineering and development Software engineering and development Deliver rewards and incentives in your app, website, or platform. Our API documentation makes the integration process easy. Access our API docs All the rewards and payouts you need Use Tango to reward, incentivize, and pay people all over the world. All while keeping your program secure and compliant. Merchant gift cards Empower your recipients to choose from 3,100+ physical or digital gift cards that are redeemable with merchants around the globe. Find out more about our gift cards Prepaid cards Give your stakeholders limitless options by sending prepaid cards that can be spent anywhere Discover, VISA, or MasterCard are accepted. Learn more about prepaid cards Cash payouts Send cash payments or disbursements via PayPal, Venmo, ACH, or push to debit and unlock buying power for your recipients. Discover monetary options Charity donations Do you want to offer charitable donations as a redemption option in addition to gift cards and prepaid cards? Give recipients an altruistic selection and support various non-profits. Learn about our charitable donations Choice products By clicking one link, your recipients can choose from a variety of popular rewards—including gift cards, prepaid cards, and donations. See Reward Links The easiest global reward offering in the world Our unique global approach is about fewer steps, more recipient joy, and broader reach. With more countries, currencies, and languages. Period. See our global capabilities Simple and seamless ways to engage with Tango Send rewards and payouts your way Web portal Send rewards instantly Advanced reporting Bulk ordering Order tracking Email and SMS delivery Sign up now SaaS Integrations Next level connections Integrate with Salesforce, Qualtrics, Zapier, Namely, Slack, HubSpot, and Workato. See integrations API Speedy and simple Choose funding structure Global catalog Hands on support View documentation We love helping you succeed View our customer stories Since partnering with Tango, our customers report cutting their program administration time by more than 50%. Aaron Carr Founder and CEO of Qarrot Learn More Learn More When clients provide gift card incentives, the completion rate increases dramatically. The industry average for an open online course is 10%. We average 60% completion rate for a weekly drawing and 80% for direct incentives. Heather Sayers Lehman CEO of Overcoming U Learn More Learn More I love being able to send out cards immediately following an interview. It saves so much time and I like being in control. I also love seeing whether a participant has received the card or not and the ability to re-send. Sofia Polo Marketing Professional at Fluent Research Learn More Learn More We’ve saved the $65K we were spending annually on gift card purchasing and shipping fees. Kevin Clarke Sr. Director of System Solutions at American Campus Communities Learn More Learn More Our clients and their employees enjoy a seamless experience thanks to Tango’s gift card API and all the effort by the developers and product designers. Ramon Smith Co-founder at Covr Learn More Learn More We needed someone who had great tools we could plug into easily and something that could be an extension of our great user experience. When you put all those requirements together, the only option is Tango. Andrew Phelps Co-Founder and CEO at IncentivePilot Learn More Learn More Since partnering with Tango, our customers report cutting their program administration time by more than 50%. Aaron Carr Founder and CEO of Qarrot Learn More When clients provide gift card incentives, the completion rate increases dramatically. The industry average for an open online course is 10%. We average 60% completion rate for a weekly drawing and 80% for direct incentives. Heather Sayers Lehman CEO of Overcoming U Learn More I love being able to send out cards immediately following an interview. It saves so much time and I like being in control. I also love seeing whether a participant has received the card or not and the ability to re-send. Sofia Polo Marketing Professional at Fluent Research Learn More We’ve saved the $65K we were spending annually on gift card purchasing and shipping fees. Kevin Clarke Sr. Director of System Solutions at American Campus Communities Learn More Our clients and their employees enjoy a seamless experience thanks to Tango’s gift card API and all the effort by the developers and product designers. Ramon Smith Co-founder at Covr Learn More We needed someone who had great tools we could plug into easily and something that could be an extension of our great user experience. When you put all those requirements together, the only option is Tango. Andrew Phelps Co-Founder and CEO at IncentivePilot Learn More Send global rewards and payouts effortlessly Tap into the power of Tango’s global catalog. Let’s set up your program today. Book a demo Create a free account The rewards and payments people. Trustpilot Solutions Solutions overview Self-serve portal Rewards as a Service (RaaS®) Gift card API SaaS integrations Points solution Rebate processing Rewards and payments Reward and payout offerings Selectable rewards Global rewards Flexible payouts Reward catalog Why Tango? Why you should Tango Security and compliance Global rewards Use cases I'm an HR manager I’m a researcher I have a wellness platform I run an enterprise program I’m a business owner I work in finance or treasury I work in marketing I focus on customer engagement I’m a sales leader I’m a software engineer I'm in healthcare I’m in government Need help? Business help center Recipient help center Resources Customer stories Blog Security and compliance Redeem your rewards Is Tango legit Log in Company About us Careers Become a brand partner Accessibility Contact us +1-925-738-3100 Discover® gift card and prepaid card is issued by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC and is subject to the Cardholder Terms and Conditions. Discover and the Discover Acceptance Mark are service marks used by Pathward under license from Discover Financial Services. In Canada, Prepaid Mastercard® is issued by Peoples Trust Company under license from Mastercard International Incorporated. In the U.S., Prepaid Mastercard and Mastercard Gift Card is issued by Pathward, N.A., Member FDIC or Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to license by Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. In Canada, Visa* Prepaid Card is issued by Peoples Trust Company pursuant to licence by Visa Int. *Trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under licence by Peoples Trust Company. In the U.S., Visa® prepaid card and Visa gift card is issued by Pathward, N.A., Member FDIC, or Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. One4all Gift Cards, Giving Good Gift Cards, Happy Gift Cards, Holiday Favorites Gift Cards, and Choice Gift Cards are curated by. Blackhawk Network and issued by Pathward, N.A., Member FDIC. &more Benefits Prepaid Mastercard is issued by Avidia Bank, pursuant to a license from Mastercard Incorporated. Use of this card is subject to the terms and conditions of the Cardholder Agreement. 2025 Tango Card Inc. is licensed as a Money Transmitter by the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions, License # 550-MT-11779. The merchants represented are not sponsors of the rewards or otherwise affiliated with Tango Card, inc. The logos and other identifying marks attached are trademarks of and owned by each represented company and/or its affiliates. Please visit each company’s website for additional terms and conditions. The Virtual Visa Gift Card (‘Card’) is issued by Heritage and People’s Choice Limited trading as Heritage Bank ABN 11 087 651 125 (‘Heritage’) pursuant to a licence from Visa Worldwide PTE Ltd. For full terms and conditions visit https://incentivesgiftcard.com.au/terms-conditions/. The EUR card is issued by Modulr Finance B.V pursuant to a license by Visa Europe. Visa and the Visa brand mark are registered trademarks of Visa Europe. The GBP products are issued by GVS Prepaid Ltd, an Electronic Money Institution authorised in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority with Firm Reference number 900230; pursuant to license from Mastercard International. Mastercard® is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. GVS Prepaid Ltd’s company registration number is 09193070 and its registered office is at Westside, London Road, Hemel Hempstead, HP3 9TD, England. Terms of Service | Privacy Notice | Licenses & Compliance Acceptable Use Policy | NMLS ID 1833845 © 2020 Tango Card. Inc