Tangoo - Your Specialist Programmatic Partner Home What We Do What we do: Programmatic Why Tangoo Stands Out Solutions Solutions: Brands Agencies Affiliate Networks About us About us: Who We Are Our Approach Our Adtech Our Team Careers Resources Resources: Blog Case studies Events Resources Resources: Blog Case Studies Contact Home What We Do What we do: Programmatic Why Tangoo Stands Out Solutions Solutions: Brands Agencies Affiliate Networks About us About us: Who We Are Our Approach Our Adtech Our Team Careers Resources Resources: Blog Case studies Events Resources Resources: Blog Case Studies Contact Tangoo is your specialist programmatic partner Boost Conversions with Precise Targeting Clients who trust us for performance powered by programmatic Performance and results Open doors to new possibilities 01 No limitations on scale 02 Accurately measure ROI 03 More effective targeting 04 Improve conversion rates Our full-funnel programmatic solutions deliver targeted and personalised ads at scale. We make the most of your ad spend by fine-tuning your approach and providing you meaningful insight with reporting and analytics. Testimonials We are very impressed with the good results we have achieved since we started our affiliate partnership with Tangoo Carina Hassel Atelier Goldner I am writing to express my utmost satisfaction with the services provided by Tangoo. Throughout our collaboration, which spanned over 1 year of close communication, Tangoo Media proved instrumental in helping us achieve our business remarketing goals. Their unwavering dedication and effective communication ensured that we not only met but exceeded our targets. Avihu Gruper Business Development Manager Job Test Prep Tangoo accelerates advertiser campaign performance, swiftly achieving goals through their extensive network. With exceptional service and a team of friendly, professional, and motivated experts, our affiliate marketing success has soared. The personalized and competent support from the Tangoo Team consistently exceeds our expectations, leaving us completely satisfied. Valeria Rusto Belboon I am delighted to share my experience collaborating with Tangoo Their high level of expertise in retargeting campaigns has truly set them apart in the industry. Their team's responsiveness and proactive attitude have been instrumental in achieving our marketing goals. Angelika Bajor Affiliate Success Manager Kinguin Delivering results using programmatic Performance begins with great creative and thoughtful strategy. We bring a holistic perspective to maximise the potential of programmatic. Media & Technology Our programmatic offering spans the full range of digital media services. We own the technology which drives our programmatic offering, giving us a powerful edge. Creative Our superstar creative team takes care of your ads — making sure they are designed for conversion and optimised for performance. Strategy Our services are underpinned by expert strategy for planning, analysing, and optimising campaigns. Results Clients working with us see exceptional performance from our programmatic services DOOH +75% More Brand Search Queries After Campaigns Connected TV 3x Better Reach of Target Audience DCO +250% Better Engagement Rate Contact us Name* Email* Position* Company* Phone number* What is your primary market?* UK / Ireland USA Italy Other Category* Affiliate Direct (Brand) Agency Comment* I consent to the processing of my personal data to receive Tangoo’s newsletter, and I declare that I have read and understood the Privacy Policy for Newsletter . By clicking on ‘Submit’, you declare that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy for contact purposes Thank you for your submission! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Get in touch Socials LinkedIn Twitter Instagram Facebook Where to find us Milan Pescara London Prishtina Tirana Trivandrum Registered Office Via Lentasio 9, 20122 Milan, Italy VAT: IT02143630685 Website Privacy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy ©2024 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions