Affiliate Marketing Platform: Easy to Use, Fast to Launch Product Features Tracking and attribution Partner recruitment White label Flexible commissions Real-time reporting Automation and workflows In-platform communication Multi-level-marketing (MLM) Solutions Use case Affiliate marketing Influencer marketing Referral marketing Partner Management Industry SaaS Subscription Services Ecommerce Integrations Automation/ API Tools REST API JavaScript Zapier E-commerce-platforms Shopify WordPress Squarespace Payment gateways Stripe PayPal Recurring billing tools Recurly See all integrations Pricing Resources Affiliate Offers Tech Docs Blog Case studies Customer support Compare us Ebooks en English - EN Deutsch - DE Español - ES Français - FR Português - PT Log in Start free trial Launch Your Affiliate Program in Just 30 Minutes With an Easy-to-Use Affiliate Marketing Platform Start for Free We aimed to 2X our revenue, but Tapfiliate helped us hit 10X Our reach and revenue were dropping and we needed a cost-effective way (as we could not afford to purchase ads and compete with others for that either) that helped us reach new customers Amber Weaver CEO and Founder, Type01 Magazine The Simplest Affiliate Marketing Platform for Growing Small and Medium Businesses E-commerces SaaS Subscription Services Trusted by Over 66,000 Customers Get Started in 3 Steps: step 1 Connect 30+ pre-built integrations. No custom coding or complicated setup—just connect and go step 2 Invite Add partners via form, CSV bulk import, or Tapfiliate’s affiliate recruitment tools step 3 Grow Promote effortlessly – We will handle affiliate tracking and management behind the scenes Unlimited possibilities for unlimited program growth Gain full control over every aspect of your affiliate, referral, or ambassador program — no constraints, no barriers Unlimited Affiliate Programs and Unlimited Affiliates Ruud Stelder Co-Founder “Tapfiliate takes all the hassle out of setting up an affiliate program” Get started for free Quick integration, incredible impact: Linking your platform to Tapfiliate has never been easier 30+ pre-built integrations (Shopify, WooCommerce, BigCommerce, Magento, Stripe, etc.), JS pixel integration, REST API, S2S/Postback integration, deeplinks, and coupon tracking Tõnis Jõgeva Head of sales “Tapfiliate – teach your customers to Sell for you!” Start a free 14-day trial No more guesswork: Make smart and strategic decisions Get insights as they happen Real-time reporting : Clicks, conversions, customers, and revenue as they happen. Easily export and analyze performance metrics in your favorite tools. Track how specific marketing assets perform or go granular with powerful filters , segmentation, and SubID analysis Julien Vallet Head of partnership “Great product to manage all affiliate programs in one place” GET started free trial Make the most of your affiliate program with bulk actions and group management Effortlessly apply multiple actions to your affiliates, assign group commissions and bonuses . Attract new affiliates through the affiliate recruitment feature and allocate exclusive assets to specific partners Michael Yewdell President and co-founder “We examined a ton of affiliate tracking platfroms, and we just truly felt for Tapfiliate” Begin your free trial Boost your affiliate revenue with automated commissions and performance-based rewards Choose the commission type that works best for you: recurring (ideal for subscriptions and SaaS), lifetime , fixed , or percentage-based (perfect for e-commerce). Motivate affiliates with bonuses , item/category-based commissions, or multi-level marketing ( MLM ) Julien Vallet Head of partnership “Great product to manage all affiliate programs in one place” Get started for free Maximize your brand impact. Launch your program with your logo, colors, and domain Customize everything from your affiliate portal’s layout to its functionality. Add your logo , favicon , terms & conditions, custom welcome messages, and more . Enhance the sign-up process and tailor section titles, reporting sections, and table columns to fit your brand Michael Yewdell President and co-founder “We examined a ton of affiliate tracking platfroms, and we just truly felt for Tapfiliate” Begin your free trial Let’s Create an Affiliate Program That Works for You Get full control over your affiliate marketing. Fill out the form below to get started — we’re here to help! Contact us Drop your info, and we’ll help you get started quickly and effectively Your name Email I consent to processing of my personal data, and confirm that I have read and understood the Privacy Policy of Tapfiliate. Get a helping hand Start a free trial We’ve Got You! Check your inbox to confirm the call time Here’s proof that affiliate channel works CASE STUDY 183.17% GMV growth in one month CASE STUDY $6+ mln Revenue generated from affiliates CASE STUDY 237K+ Affiliates under management CASE STUDY $200K+ Monthly revenue from affiliates CASE STUDY 394.12% Conversion growth after 4 months of stagnation CASE STUDY X10 Growth In sales in 4 months CASE STUDY 306.25% Revenue growth in 2 months CASE STUDY 381.13% Increasing conversion during seasonal times What our customers say Before adopting Tapfiliate: We struggled to find affiliate software that supported a closed invite-only affiliate program, Most solutions were designed for open programs. This allowed us to selectively invite high-quality affiliates and maintain control over who could promote our services. We looked for a solution that was not only powerful but also easy to use. Getting started with Tapfiliate was straightforward and hassle-free. Frederick Vallaeys CEO/Founder Before we started using Tapfiliate, we didn’t have any affiliate system in place. Building one in-house would have been expensive, especially since we couldn’t predict its success. We had many technical questions to address, and Tapfiliate turned out to be an easy solution for all of them. One key challenge was to have proper tracking and attribution for conversion from affiliate partners. Tapfiliate have all the features we needed. Fabian Maume CMO We went through many affiliate platforms and they were all either complicated, out-of-date or expensive. Usually all three. We’ve used Tapfiliate for a while now and it’s so easy to use that it almost makes me cry. Henri Liljeroos Henri Liljeroos We aimed to launch our affiliate program and integrate it into our existing infrastructure with minimal tech intervention and were exploring which platform would best suit our needs. Tapfiliate offered all the features we needed, including a dashboard, asset management, affiliate account management, postback pixel integration, conversion reports, and deep linking Vignesh TM Product Manager Before Tapfiliate managing multiple affiliates, along with the sales and validation reports, proved to be a major challenge. Tapfiliate made our affiliate management much easier. Now, we can easily onboard new affiliates and track their daily sales effortlessly. This has saved us a lot of time and allowed us to focus on growing our program. Shanu Singh Affiliate manager We examined a ton of affiliate tracking softwares, and we just truly felt that Tapfiliate was superior to the competition: they are able to track sales far superior than anybody, with the accuracy and efficiency along with the data and analytics that they pair. Onboarding was extremely easy. Let’s just say hitting the ground running pretty quickly once we signed up with Tapfiliate. If you’re truly trying to track affiliate sales and the source of those sales I think Tapfiliate is phenomenal and you can scale with it over a long period of time. Michael Yewdwell Chief Sales Officer The support is always here and systems are working well, I have not had any cases where tracking fails. Also, there is a decent number of customizable setups I can do without involving IT. I like that it gives me the option to track customers who are active in the community. Our sales are highly dependent on word of mouth and I feel that Tapfiliate gives extra boost. Tõnis Jõgeva Sales Director Tapfiliate has been a gamechanger for managing our affiliate program here at Selz. Our team loves the simplicity of the service. It makes it easy to manage a lot in a single place, which is great given the size of our affiliate program. With increased sign-ups and a happy community of Selz affiliates, we’ve had great success. Michelle del Rio Head of growth Tapfiliate has added significant value to our business by enabling us to manage all our affiliate programs in one place and easily scale them. Next to being a great product, the customer success team is nothing but excellent. Julien Vallet Lead Corporate Relationships Tapfiliate takes all the hassle out of setting up an affiliate program. It allows our customers to create sustainable value by building their own tribe of shop promoters. Ruud Stelder Co-Founder Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) for Tapfiliate This FAQ is designed for busy SMB owners and marketers. We’ll directly address your most pressing questions about starting and scaling an affiliate program without the headache. How do I know if I’ll actually make money with an affiliate program? Affiliate marketing is a performance-based model, which makes it one of the most cost-effective marketing channels. You only pay commissions after a successful sale has been made. Tapfiliate helps you maximize your ROI by giving you the tools to track every single click and conversion, so you can see exactly how much revenue your affiliates are generating against their commissions What is your pricing model? Are there any hidden fees? We believe in transparency. Tapfiliate offers simple monthly plans based on your program’s usage (like clicks and conversions). Crucially, we do not charge a transaction fee on your sales. The revenue you earn is yours. There are no surprise costs, allowing for predictable monthly expenses as you grow Will Tapfiliate work with my storefront / stack without developer help? Yes. Pre‑built connectors for Shopify, WooCommerce, Squarespace, Wix, BigCommerce, Stripe, Paddle and 30+ others install in <10 min. If you’re on a custom site, drop in the JS snippet or call the REST API. Can I make the affiliate program look like my own brand? Yes. A seamless brand experience builds trust with both customers and affiliates. Tapfiliate is fully white-label, meaning you can customize the affiliate dashboard, sign-up pages, and links with your own logo, colors, and even host it on your own custom domain. It will feel like an extension of your own website, not a third-party tool. Start growing your business with Tapfiliate today Try it free Company About us Logo kit Contacts Элемент меню Our Affiliate Program Menu Item Terms and conditions Privacy policy Sign up Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Features Tracking and attribution Partner recruitment Flexible commissions Automation and workflows Real-time reporting White label In-platform Messenger Solutions Affiliate marketing Influencer marketing Referral marketing Industry SaaS Subscription Services Ecommerce Integrations Integrations REST API JavaScript Stripe Shopify WordPress Zapier All integrations Pricing Resources Developer Docs Blog Customer support API Migration System status Menu Item Our Affiliate Program Our Referral Program Switch to Tapfiliate Menu Item Terms of service Privacy policy Sign up Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Mobile sign-up can be tricky Drop your contact info, and get a detailed guide to test Tapfiliate faster and effectively Your name Email I consent to processing of my personal data, and confirm that I have read and understood the Privacy Policy of Tapfiliate. GET DETAILED GUIDE Sign up on mobile We've Got You! Check your inbox to confirm the call time Close Need Help Getting Started? Drop your contact info, and we’ll help you dive into Tapfiliate quickly! Your name Email I consent to processing of my personal data, and confirm that I have read and understood the Privacy Policy of Tapfiliate. Get a helping hand Start a free trial We've Got You! Check your inbox to confirm the call time Close