Tap Native | Healthcare Marketing & Advertising DTC Advertising HCP Marketing Retargeting Publishers Blog Contact Us Get Started Login The Leading Platform for Predictive Engagement with Patients & Healthcare Pros Power your campaigns with advertising technology that turns precision targeting into real
                                        business growth. Get Started Contact Us what you can do with Tap Native TAP NATIVE FOR HCP MARKETING Target healthcare professionals on health and medical websites where they congregate
                                    through NPI targeting. Choose to reach specific types of physicians, nurses,
                                    physicians assistants or pharmacists. Tap Native offers extensive in-content HCP
                                    marketing and advertising capabilities. Learn More TAP NATIVE FOR CONSUMER MARKETING Reach millions of health-conscious consumers while they are seeking answers to their
                                    most important health questions. Health-related offers featured within
                                    health-related content improves engagement and conversions by up to 500%. If your
                                    group is marketing health, wellness or medical related content for consumers or
                                    healthcare professionals, we should talk! Learn More Tap Native for Publishers Better monetize your content by providing visitors with contextual and relevant
                                    health related advertising. Typical native ad providers do not have the vertical
                                    focus or expertise to provide a credible ad solution for serious health publishers.
                                    But times have changed, and the digital health vertical now has a worthy native
                                    monetization solution. Tap Native is now featured across hundreds of top health and
                                    medical websites where consumers and professionals congregate. Hundreds of health,
                                    medical and wellness publishers now rely on Tap Native to dramatically improve ad
                                    relevancy, credibility, quality and CPMs. Tap Native has created millions of dollars
                                    in accretive revenue and for many publishers is now their single largest source of
                                    ad revenue. Learn More ABOUT US Tap Native is a premium ad platform whose ads are featured exclusively within premium health
                            and wellness websites and around health-related content. QUICK LINKS > Home > Blog > Advertisers > Publishers > Contact > Terms > Privacy Policy USEFUL LINKS > Marketing to Physicians > HCP
                                        Physician Marketing > Pharmaceutical Native
                                        Advertising > Hospital Content Marketing > NPI Targeting > Native Health Advertising > Pharma Marketing > Target Healthcare Audience > Physician recruitment > DTC
                                        Advertising > Native Healthcare
                                        Advertising Examples CONTACT US +1 201-724-6934 sales@tapnative.com © 2020 Tap Native. All rights reserved. Contact Us × Please fill out the information below and a representative will respond to you as quickly as
                        possible. Please enter your Name! Please enter your Email Address Please enter your Phone Number! Select Services Consumer Marketing HCP Marketing Publisher Monetization Please Select Services! Please enter your Message! Please verify your are Human! submit × This website uses cookies to enhance your experience and for analytics. We also share information about your
            use of our site with certain partners for marketing purposes. If you do not wish for us to share such
            information, please click “Disable Cookies”. Privacy Policy Accept Cookies Disable Cookies