tasjeel ae | Buy ae Domains | Web Hosting Skip to content Save 25% on all Web Hosting plans + FREE .AE or .COM domain! → DOMAINS Close DOMAINS Open DOMAINS DOMAIN NAME SEARCH Need to get your business online? Find and register a domain name that’s as unique as you are! Domain Transfer Discover just how quick and easy it is to transfer your domain name to tasjeel.ae. AI Domain Search Discover available .ae domains effortlessly with our cutting-edge AI domain search feature. Premium Domains Buy a premium domain name from our dedicated UAE marketplace. Full Price List tasjeel.ae is the home of cheap UAE domains with no hidden fees. Check out our full price list. How to buy .AE domains? WHY .AE? EMAILS Close EMAILS Open EMAILS Email Hosting Enhance your brand with a custom email address based on your domain & business-class email hosting. Google Workspace/G-Suite Keep using the tools you love: Get a custom email address + access to Google’s powerful Workspace. What is business email? HOSTING Close HOSTING Open HOSTING Web Hosting Our simple and affordable shared web hosting is perfect for most websites. WordPress Hosting Benefit from web hosting designed specially for WordPress websites. Dubai Website Hosting Local web hosting for UAE businesses: Our Dubai data centre is the perfect home for your website. What is website Hosting? WEBSITES Close WEBSITES Open WEBSITES Website Builder Build your own website, without code! Our Website Builder makes it quick and easy. E-Store Builder Easily build and manage your own ecommerce website and start selling online. How to start a website SUPPORT Close SUPPORT Open SUPPORT Contact Support Get 24/7 expert support via email or support ticket. Knowledgebase Access our library of easy-to-follow Knowledgebase articles. BLOG ABOUT US SIGN IN START YOUR ONLINE JOURNEY Find the right .ae domain name, right away. Register your .ae domain for only AED 129/year was AED 145/year domain SEARCH domain SEARCH All prices exclude VAT at 5% Buy .AE Domains and UAE Website Hosting Services Top Notch Services Register your perfect ae domain and build your website with us. We’re the fastest growing registrar and website hosting provider in the UAE. Now celebrating 14 years as an Accredited .AE Registrar, we are available 24/7 to help you get online. Buy domain name in a matter of seconds Start your great idea with a web domain registration. Specialist Registrar since 2009! Build a website in days, not weeks Easily build a professional site with our Website Builder. No coding required. Get your site online with rock-solid web hosting Website Hosting gives you a free domain name, super fast SSD storage and email hosting for your website. Get professional email addresses for your business Enhance your brand with a custom email address on your domain and business-class email hosting. Trusted by Thousands! Thousands of United Arab Emirates business owners have already put their trust in tasjeel.ae and the solutions we offer – here’s why… Everything You Need We do much, much more than domain registrations. From web hosting to email, to a code-free Website Builder, we’ve covered everything you need! A Local Presence Many providers sell .com, .net, and other generic domains. We do too, but we also register specialist ccTLD’s like .ae, .emarat and .me – perfect for expressing the local touch! Global Reach Need to reach beyond the United Arab Emirates and the Middle East? We’ll still be here for you – even if you dream of going global. With scalable solutions like cloud hosting other other top level domains that grow with your business. Reliably Brilliant We weren’t content with building a rock-solid platform that delivers consistently high performance. So, we backed it up with world-class, round-the-clock customer support. Service with a 😃 Talking of customer support, we’re big believers in service with a smile. Our friendly team is here to help with anything from the simplest of questions like domain transfers through to the most urgent of issues. Start Today! Use our simple-but-powerful solutions to build your online presence – fast. With instant sign-ups, an online knowledge base and support when you need it, it’s easy to start today! #MyOnlineJourney Ziad Kamel of Couqley French Bistro e‘To register our domain names we use tasjeel.ae. Tasjeel.ae have been incredibly responsive to our needs and have always there for us. Providing super accessible and the best of all, they are extremely friendly and human.’ – Ziad Kamel – couqley.ae No matter what your idea, we have a Domain Name and Website Hosting plan to suit you. FAQs Frequently asked questions What is a domain name? A domain name is the home for your website. It’s the URL that people will type into an internet browser when they would like to visit your site. There are two parts to a domain name. Using ours as an example, tasjeel is the first part of our domain that we chose. Then there’s ‘.ae’, which is the extension. When you buy a domain name from us, you’re searching for the extension that you’d like to use with the name you chose. How do I buy domains for my website? A domain name should be short, memorable and easy to type. Avoid special characters and symbols apart from hyphens if needed. Remember to choose an extension that is relevant to your industry or location – for example: .ae for UAE websites. Who can register a domain name? Most domain names are open for anyone and everyone to register, but some specific, specialist domain names have restrictions. We will always specify whether the domain is available for anyone to register or not. What is DNS? All websites are a collection of files stored in a server on the web. The Domain Name System (DNS) converts these files into a string of numbers, known as IP addresses. Used so they can be accessible online by ‘pointing’ them to the server you wish to access them from. Don’t worry if that sounds complicated – our support team is available to help you with anything DNS related. What are gTLDs? This stands for generic Top Level Domains and includes extensions such as .website or .shop. These are extensions that are descriptive, memorable and an alternative to the more traditional domain extension. FEATURED ON Email Us (24/7): [email protected] WhatsApp Chat (9am – 6pm): pre-sales only +971 52 499 2756 DOMAIN NAMES Domain Transfer About .ae Domains Premium Domains Domain Reseller .ae Domain Names .me Domain Names .com Domain Names .co Domain Names Domain Transfer About .ae Domains Premium Domains Domain Reseller .ae Domain Names .me Domain Names .com Domain Names .co Domain Names WEBSITE HOSTING Web Hosting Dubai Website Hosting WordPress Hosting Website Builder E-Store Builder Web Hosting Dubai Website Hosting WordPress Hosting Website Builder E-Store Builder EMAIL HOSTING Email Hosting Google Workspace Email Hosting Google Workspace NEED HELP? Knowledge Base Contact Us Knowledge Base Contact Us COMPANY About Us Blog Contact Us Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions Acceptable Use Policy Website Terms of Use Refund Policy Privacy Policy About Us Blog Contact Us Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions Acceptable Use Policy Website Terms of Use Refund Policy Privacy Policy FOLLOW US: Facebook X-twitter Instagram Linkedin PAYMENT OPTIONS: visa 1 mastercard paypal Tasjeel.ae is part of Host Arabia FZ-LLC a UAE registered company in Ras Al Khaimah. Commercial license number 5004593. VAT registration number 100018819100003. Registered Address: tasjeel.ae, RAKEZ Business Zone-FZ, RAK, UAE. All prices exclude VAT, which is charged based on the location where a service is deemed to be used by a customer. We are an .aeDA accredited registrar. Serving customers since 2009. Copyright © 2025 Tasjeel.ae. All Rights Reserved.