TaskUs - BPO & Digital Transformation Services Contact Us close Talk to an expert For job seekers For former employees For employment verification For vendors/suppliers Who we are Our People Our Technology Our Advantage Analyst Reports Awards News About Us Locations Services AI & Data AI Safety & Alignment Data Feedback & Evaluations Deployment & AI Operations Customer Experience & Agentic AI AI CX Transformation Trust & Safety Wellness & Resiliency Autonomous Vehicle Operations Financial Crime & Compliance Sales as a Service Learning as a Service Industries Entertainment & Gaming Financial Services Healthcare Mobility, Logistics & Travel Retail & eCommerce Social Media Technology Insights Events Blogs Case Studies White Papers Analyst Reports In the News Press Releases Glossary Careers Ask an AI Expert Choose a language English 日本語 Deutsch Who we are Who We Are Our People Our Advantage Awards About Us Locations Our Technology Analyst Reports Social Impact & Inclusion Services Services AI & Data AI Safety & Alignment Data Feedback & Evaluations Deployment & AI Operations Autonomous Vehicle Operations Sales as a Service Customer Experience & Agentic AI AI CX Transformation Trust & Safety Wellness & Resiliency Financial Crime & Compliance Learning as a Service Industries Industries Entertainment & Gaming Financial Services Healthcare Mobility, Logistics & Travel Retail & eCommerce Social Media Technology Insights Insights Events Blogs Case Studies White Papers Analyst Reports In the News Press Releases Glossary Careers Contact Us close Talk to an expert For job seekers For former employees For employment verification For vendors/suppliers Ask an AI Expert Choose a language English 日本語 Deutsch Read our client stories to see how we deliver People powering the AI era Speak with an expert Learn more Brett, Sales USA Sapna, Ops India Daniele, Teammate Greece Emmanuel, HR Colombia Marlon, TA Philippines We bring together teammates and technology to elevate customer support, protect communities, advance AI and drive growth. See the services we provide Industries we serve Stronger teams Our greatest strength is our people. We hire the best, train with precision and support every teammate’s well-being so they can deliver exceptional results. Smarter technology We deploy technology that works with people, not around them — driving efficiency and creating the space to deliver elevated services with greater effectiveness, vigilance and humanity. Safer outcomes We protect customer experiences and ensure AI is built responsibly — upholding rigorous safety, compliance and quality standards that strengthen brands. Location snapshot Strategically located across 13 countries, with 30+ languages spoken, our people-first sites blend local culture with state-of-the-art amenities to support our teammates’ well-being, enhance performance and enable collaboration. See all locations Mexico Puebla Tijuana United States Texas Colombia Barranquilla Cali Medellín Ireland Dublin Croatia Zagreb Serbia Belgrade Greece Thessaloniki Egypt Cairo India Chennai Gurugram Indore Mohali Navi Mumbai Noida Malaysia Petaling Jaya Taiwan Taipei Philippines Batangas Bohol Bulacan Cavite (Imus) Cavite (Molino) La Union Las Piñas Ortigas Pampanga Quezon City Rizal Japan Tokyo Muhibah Petaling Jaya Malaysia Committed to excellence We partner with industry leaders, hold the highest security certifications and are recognized for our culture and results. Technology Certifications Awards & recognitions Behind the world’s favorite brands is Us “We consider TaskUs a strategic partner, and they’ve been distinctive in their agility to respond to our needs. They bring deep expertise in hundreds of languages, thousands of dialects and local cultural context, which is critical for doing this work effectively. As important, they’ve made wellness a cornerstone of the work, and that’s been essential for our teams and the communities we protect.” –  John DeVine Head of Global Operations Meta “As Chime’s membership and products have grown, we needed a partner that could innovate and scale with us. And TaskUs has delivered. They bring consistency, quality, and new ideas across every channel, helping us deliver the best experience for our members.” – Janelle Sallenave Chief Experience Officer Chime “From day one, TaskUs helped us reimagine what a BPO partnership could be — grounded in accountability, excellence, and user happiness. The cultural fit was immediate: direct, respectful, hungry to do exceptional work. Across months of ramp-up, countless flights, and complex systems work, it always felt like one team. This wasn’t just implementation, it was intention in motion.” – Gaya Nathan Head of BPO Partnerships Wix Results that speak for themselves Analyst Report TaskUs is 3x Everest “Leader” in Trust & Safety Get the report Case Study Quavo Sets High Standard for Trusted Compliant Dispute Management See the full story Case Study DailyPay Finds a Faster Way to Better Customer Support Find out more Case Study Badger Technologies Boosts Retail Safety & Sales  with AI Insights Explore the results Analyst Report TaskUs Named a Leader in Frost Radar™: Customer Experience Management Outsourcing Get the report Case Study The Human Edge in AV: Scaling Swift Emergency Response See the impact Let’s get started Together, we’ll solve today’s challenges and get ahead of what’s next. Speak with an expert Work with Us NPC Seal of Registration Contact IT Security Contact Us Phone: (888) 400-TASK About us About TaskUs Our People Careers TaskVerse Investor Relations Services AI & Data Autonomous Vehicle Operations Customer Experience & Agentic AI Financial Crime & Compliance Learning as a Service Sales as a Service Trust & Safety Industries Entertainment & Gaming Financial Services Healthcare Mobility, Logistics & Travel Retail & eCommerce Social Media Technology Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Global AI Policy Global Supplier Code of Conduct Anti-Human Trafficking and Slavery Policy Anti-Modern Slavery Statement for TaskUs UK Privacy Notice for California Residents © 2025 TaskUs We exist to empower people to deliver ridiculously good innovation to the world’s best companies. ケーススタディ 採用情報 お問い合わせ © 2025 TaskUs Privacy Statement Privacy Notice for California Residents Global Supplier Code of Conduct Cookie Policy About Us Our Story Diversity Community Impact Team News and Press Awards Glossary Events Hey there! We and our trusted partners use cookies to personalize and optimize your experience. Continue browsing our website if you agree to our use of cookies (as described in our Cookie Policy ) or manage cookies yourself. Okay, Got It! Cookie Consent Manager Close Privacy Overview TaskUs and our trusted partners use cookies and similar technologies to access and use your data for the purposes listed below. Please provide your consent for cookie usage on this website. Enable one or more of the cookie types listed below, and then save your preferences. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description __q_state_ 1 Year Qualified Chat. Necessary for the functionality of the website’s chat-box function. _GRECAPTCHA 1 Day www.google.com. reCAPTCHA cookie executed for the purpose of providing its risk analysis. 6suuid 2 Years 6sense Insights cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". NID, 1P_JAR, __Secure-3PAPISID,__Secure-3PSID,__ Secure-3PSIDCC 30 Days Cookies set by Google. Used to store a unique ID for various Google services such as Google Chrome, Autocomplete and more. Read more here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies#types-of-cookies pll_language 1 Year Polylang, Used for storing language preferences on the website. ppwp_wp_session 30 Minutes This cookie is native to PHP applications. Used to store and identify a users’ unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. This is a session cookie and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed. viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description _ga 2 Years Google Analytics, Used to distinguish users. _gat_gtag_UA_5184324_2 1 Minute Google Analytics, It compiles information about how visitors use the site. _gid 1 Day Google Analytics, Used to distinguish users. pardot Until Cleared Salesforce Pardot. Used to store and track if the browser tab is active. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description bcookie 2 Years Browser identifier cookie. Used to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform. bito, bitolsSecure 30 Days Set by bidr.io. Beeswax’s advertisement cookie based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow this cookie, you will experience less relevant advertising from Beeswax. checkForPermission 10 Minutes bidr.io. Beeswax’s audience targeting cookie. lang Session Used to remember a user’s language setting to ensure LinkedIn.com displays in the language selected by the user in their settings. pxrc 3 Months rlcdn.com. Used to deliver advertising more relevant to the user and their interests. rlas3 1 Year rlcdn.com. Used to deliver advertising more relevant to the user and their interests. tuuid 2 Years company-target.com. Used for analytics and targeted advertising.