Task & Purpose - Military News, Culture, and Analysis Search for: News Analysis Military Branches Opinion Around the World Pentagon Rundown Culture Entertainment Humor Mandatory Fun Military Life Active Duty Enlisting Resources Veterans Career Center History Historical Figures Past Conflicts Tech & Tactics Aircraft Ships Tactics Vehicles Weapons Video Merch Got a tip? Search for: Task & Purpose. News, culture, and analysis by and for the military community. Top Story Trump says US took out a ‘big facility’ in Venezuela The president would not say if the U.S. military was involved in the operation on Christmas Eve. By Nicholas Slayton Posted 20 Hours Ago Latest News US targets ISIS in Somalia with multiple airstrikes over four days By Nicholas Slayton Updated on Dec 28, 2025 Appeals court upholds order for the VA to build 2,550 housing units in Los Angeles By Nicholas Slayton Updated on Dec 27, 2025 US targets ISIS with multiple strikes in Nigeria By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 26, 2025 Video The real reason the US is seizing oil tankers and Ukraine is blowing them up The Navy finally picked a landing ship to carry Marines to war How Iran is arming Venezuela Task & Purpose Video Each week on Tuesdays and Fridays our team will bring you analysis of military tech, tactics, and doctrine delivered from a rank-and-file perspective. Visit The Channel More from Task & Purpose Space Force guardians graduate basic training in their own uniforms for the first time “This milestone reflects more than a uniform change. It represents the strength of a shared training foundation and the future focused mission these guardians are stepping into.” By Jeff Schogol Posted on Dec 26, 2025 How US troops in World War II celebrated Christmas dinner on the front Fighting was brutal, rationing was strict, but turkey was never in short supply. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 25, 2025 Happy holidays from Task & Purpose It’s been quite a year, and we’re glad we got to share it with you. By James Clark Posted on Dec 24, 2025 The Navy’s railgun may be back from the dead — for now President Donald Trump announced that the Navy’s new “battleships” will each be armed with “state-of-the-art electric railguns.” By Jeff Schogol Posted on Dec 23, 2025 Marines may finally get landing ships for modern-day island hopping The Navy plans to buy between 18 and 35 Medium Landing Ships, which each can carry more than 200 Marines ashore along with helicopters and vehicles. By Jeff Schogol Posted on Dec 23, 2025 Have you served on the US-Mexico border in the last year? We want to hear from you. In the new year, we’ll continue to report on challenges facing deployed troops, whether abroad or at home. But to do that, we need your help. By Patty Nieberg Posted on Dec 22, 2025 Fort Hood OB-GYN abuse case raises questions on chaperone policy The Army hospital’s policy states that patients can request a chaperone and staff will try to honor it. Advocates say it should be mandatory for all sensitive exams. By Patty Nieberg Posted on Dec 22, 2025 California Air Guard team pulls off ‘high risk’ night rescue from fog-covered cruise ship “We don’t train to do it inside a fog bank,” said one of the rescue pilots after the crew of guardsmen faced rough winds and poor visibility to reach a woman on a cruise ship 100 miles from shore. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 21, 2025 US forces seize oil tanker in the Caribbean The Coast Guard and other troops boarded the M/T Centuries after it departed Venezuela. It’s the second tanker seized this month. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 21, 2025 US forces returning to Ecuador for ‘short-term’ counter-drug mission The return to the base at Manta comes a month after Ecuadorian voters rejected a measure to allow the reopening of foreign bases. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 20, 2025 Army tosses out its Spiritual Fitness Guide after four months The recently launched effort to boost resilience in the “spiritual domain” is already canceled. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 20, 2025 Pentagon fails its 8th audit in a row The Department of Defense once again promised it will achieve a clean audit in 2028. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 20, 2025 US forces launch strikes on ISIS in Syria in retaliation for the death of 2 soldiers The large-scale ground and air campaign against multiple ISIS sites comes in response to last weekend’s attack that killed two US soldiers. By Nicholas Slayton Posted on Dec 19, 2025 Marines moving to gender-neutral Physical Fitness Test for combat jobs Combat roles in the Marines have had gender-neutral requirements since 2015. A new policy will extend that rule to annual fitness test scores. By Jeff Schogol , Matt White Posted on Dec 19, 2025 Military families are ‘pissed’ after IVF coverage cut from defense bill “People are pissed,” a military spouse said. “They’re like, ‘oh, of course, Congress doesn’t give an F about us.’” By Patty Nieberg Posted on Dec 19, 2025 Jumpmaster who saved paratrooper breaks down viral video Sgt. Maj. Keith Platt explains why he stopped a paratrooper in a widely seen video whose static line was across his neck. His lesson: “If something isn’t right, say something.” By Jeff Schogol Posted on Dec 19, 2025 More Stories Get Task & Purpose in your inbox Sign up for Task & Purpose Today to get the latest in military news each morning. Sign Up By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Sponsored Content Hit reset and get your budget in order this New Year By Justin Burgess Posted on Dec 10, 2025 Serving those who served our nation By Justin Burgess Posted on Nov 19, 2025 A Shared Mission: Humana and USAA Join Forces to Support Veterans’ Health As They Age By Shannon Corbeil Posted on Nov 17, 2025 Listening to military families: A new approach to TRICARE By Ted Painter Posted on Nov 10, 2025 SEE MORE Task & Purpose was founded in 2014 to cover the military and veteran community from a rank-and-file perspective, and continues to do so with accurate reporting and great storytelling to this day. Our journalists have reported on the front lines of the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota and the war in Afghanistan. We’ve uncovered American veterans being abused in Kuwaiti prisons, deported veterans being forced to work for Mexican cartels, and drawn national attention to a longstanding legal rule barring service members from suing the government — even in the face of gross negligence. Read Our Story Our Staff James Clark Editor-in-Chief Matt White Senior Editor Jeff Schogol Senior Pentagon Reporter Patty Nieberg Senior Reporter Kyle Gunn YouTube Producer David Roza YouTube Writer/Editor Nicholas Slayton Contributing Editor NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Sign up for Task & Purpose Today to get the latest in military news each morning. Thank you! Email address Sign Up By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Got a tip? About Video Merch Sitemap Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy FOLLOW US DISCLAIMER(S) Articles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service. © 2025 Recurrent . All rights reserved. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information . News Culture Mandatory Fun Military Life History Tech & Tactics