Best DTH (Direct To Home) Service Provider in India | Tata Play You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. Skip to main content Home Watch Track Order Recharge Recharge Get Help Login Welcome Home Watch Explore Get Help Existing customer? Go to My Account Not a Tata Play customer? I want a new DTH Connection I want DTH Connection + OTT Apps I want to enjoy OTT Apps Whether it’s watching your favourite shows or your favourite sports, never compromise on quality entertainment. Looking for one of the best DTH in India? Choose Tata Play. What is a DTH service? DTH is direct-to-home, which means that your favourite channels are streamed directly to your house with a set top box and a rooftop antenna. Which is the best DTH service for your residence? The best DTH service is the one which has wide variety of channels within your budget, just like Tata Play! What makes Tata Play one of the best DTH in India? The following features and benefits make Tata Play one of the best DTH in India: Superior picture quality Pay for only what you watch Access on Multiple screens: One connection entitles subscribers to 2 more screens Unmatchable customer service: Safe & Free installation process, 24/7 customer support Wide variety of channel packages to choose from To Know more, visit tataplay.com/dth/about-us How can you get one of India’s best DTH connections - Tata Play? You can give a missed call to 074117 74117 or visit tataplay.com/tata-play-new-dth-connection-online/ to get started How can you watch Tata Play? You can watch Tata Play - one of the best DTH service providers in India - on your TV, phone and laptop, once you have a connection. What packages does Tata Play offer? You can explore all of Tata Play’s packages at tataplay.com/explore/set-top-boxes-packs/dth-packages What sets Tata Play apart? In addition to the features & benefits which make Tata Play one of the best DTH services in India, Tata Play also offers great value-added services. To Know more, visit tataplay.com/choose-service/tata-play-services How can you recharge your Tata Play connection? From booking to recharging, you can do everything online with Tata Play DTH service. Recharge today at tataplay.com/dth/help/how-to-recharge Got any more questions? Contact Tata Play at 1800 208 6633 . More