Skip to main content
informa

Taylor & Francis Group is part of the Academic Publishing Division of Informa PLC

About Us
Investor Relations
Talent

This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067.

T&F eBooks
‍
Advanced Search
Login
About Us
Subjects 
Browse 
Products 
Request a trial
Librarian Resources
What's New!!
UBX Home
EXPLORE OUR EBOOK COLLECTIONS
HumanitiesSocial SciencesEngineering & TechnologyMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied Health
Humanities
FEATURED
Modern History 1750 Onwards – Curated 
Medieval History – Curated 
Philosophy And Religious Ethics – Curated 
Gender Studies – Curated 
View eBook Collections 
ROUTLEDGE SUBJECT COLLECTIONS
Our Routledge Subject Collections provide comprehensive coverage of subject areas and sub-disciplines across Humanities, Social and Behavioral Sciences, and Education.
Applied Psychology 
Criminology and Criminal Justice 
Economics 
Educational Foundations & Education Studies 
Literature 
History 
Gender Studies 
Theatre & Performance Studies 
FEATURED TITLES

Archaeology and its Discontents

By

John C. Barrett

Beyond the Code

By

Heidi Furey, Scott Hill, Sujata K. Bhatia

Plant Systematics

By

Arun K. Pandey, Shruti Kasana

Digital Fascism

By

Christian Fuchs

Big Data Applications in Industry 4.0

Edited By

P. Kaliraj, T. Devi

DISCOVER OUR PRODUCTS
19th Century British Society

This resource focuses on British society from 1789-1914. This resource contains thousands of chapters of primary and secondary material, searchable by Themes, Region, Period & Notable Figures, making it an invaluable resource for students and researchers. Click the link below to view the site and sign up to a free trial.

EXPLORE
Europa World

Authoritative political and economic information and statistical data on every country, in addition to detailed coverage of more than 2,000 international organizations. Click the link below to view the site and sign up for a free trial.

EXPLORE
Romanticism

This resource focuses on British and Irish Romanticism from 1780-1830. This resource contains thousands of chapters of primary and secondary material, searchable by Themes, Region, Period & Notable Figures, making it an invaluable resource for students and researchers. Click the link below to view the site and sign up to a free trial.

EXPLORE
Sustainable Development Goals Online

A curated library to support the UN's call to action to end poverty, fight inequality, and protect the planet. Click the link below to view the site and sign up for a free trial.

EXPLORE
View More
OTHER BRANDS
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Journals
Taylor & Francis Online
Corporate
Taylor & Francis Group
Help & Contact
Students/Researchers
Librarians/Institutions

Connect with us

Registered in England & Wales No. 3099067
5 Howick Place | London | SW1P 1WG
© 2025 Informa UK Limited

Back to Top