Skip to content
Students
Courses
Research
Faculties & Schools
Alumni
A-Z
Gaeilge
Search text
Merry Christmas


From Trinity College Dublin

Study at Trinity

As Ireland’s leading university, we are inspiring the next generation of global citizens and global leaders.

DISCOVER MORE
RESEARCH
SUSTAINABILITY
Latest News
Christmas & New Year Arrangements & Advice

Access to the University over the Christmas and New Year holidays will be reduced at the end of business on Tuesday the 23rd of December 2025 to the start of business on Friday the 2nd of January 2026.

18 Dec 2025

The five best films of 2025 – according to experts

Ruth Barton, School of Creative Arts, contributes to this article in The Conversation about the best films of 2025.

23 Dec 2025

Culture, Research

Nine exciting discoveries from Trinity researchers in 2025

Trinity researchers have made significant discoveries this year enriching our culture, building better futures and broadening our understanding of the world.

23 Dec 2025

Culture, Health, Research, Science, Society

MORE NEWS
Thrive: Trinity College Dublin Strategic Plan 2025 - 2030

To mark the launch of Thrive, Trinity College Dublin’s new strategic plan, we asked students and staff from all across our College community about their aspirations and ambitions for the next five years. You can read the strategic plan in full and find regular updates here. #ThriveInTrinity  

READ MORE
What's On
MORE EVENTS
LIBRARIES
ALUMNI & GIVING
VISITORS & BOOK OF KELLS
INNOVATION & ENTERPRISE
CLUBS & SOCIETIES
SPORT
Connect with us
Trinity College Dublin uses cookies to enable our website to operate, improve your browsing experience and provide personalised advertising which we believe may be of interest to you. By clicking “Accept All Cookies” you consent to the use of all cookies including social media and advertising cookies. You can choose to not accept certain cookies however this may impact on your browsing experience. Select “Cookies Settings” to find out more and customise your preferences. For further information please see our Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies