Association for Talent Development | ATD Skip to header Skip to main content Skip to footer Search Association for Talent Development | ATD Association for Talent Development | ATD Find a Course Today Expand Your AI Aptitude Don’t just keep up with change—drive it. Explore ATD’s AI certificate course and workshops designed to transform your skills and your organization. Start your journey today by securing your spot in our 2026 programs. Browse AI Programs About ATD The Association for Talent Development (ATD) is a professional membership organization supporting those who develop the knowledge and skills of employees in organizations worldwide. 30,000+ Members Membership 120+ Countries With an ATD Presence Global 900+ Organizations Have Trained With Us Enterprise Solutions 160,000+ Professionals Have Learned With ATD Education Courses 13+ Conferences Each Year Conferences 2 Industry-leading Certifications Certification Loading... One More Week to Save 20% On ATD Certification The Associate Professional in Talent Development (APTD®) and Certified Professional in Talent Development (CPTD®) credentials strengthen your expertise and open doors to new opportunities. Don’t miss your chance to save 20% on your exam fee when you apply by December 31 . Use promo code 20FOR20 at checkout.* Explore Certification Upcoming Events Moved to previous slide 0 Moved to next slide Upcoming Courses Moved to previous slide 0 Moved to next slide Recent News and Insights Let ATD keep you up to date on the latest news and industry topics. Read articles, browse members-only content, or listen to a podcast. Moved to previous slide 0 Moved to next slide If You're Not a Member, You're Missing Out! Be Part of Our Community ATD provides members with tools, essential resources and a community of 30,000 professionals to stay nimble in the fast changing world of learning and development. Learn More Train Your Team in 2025 As you set organizational goals for 2025, now is the time to invest in your most valuable asset—your people! It’s not too late to partner with ATD to train your team on the necessary skills to start the year strong. Contact us to get started! ATD Job Bank Featured Jobs Loading... Find a Job Post a Job Empower Professionals to Develop Talent in the Workplace About Careers Contact Us Copyright © 2025 ATD ASTD changed its name to ATD to meet the growing needs of a dynamic, global profession. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy