Skip to Main Content
Thoughtful Discourse in Social Studies: Think Critically, Discuss Civilly
Join us for our first webinar of 2026! Register Today.
National
Alaska
Alabama
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Toggle Search
About Us
Programs
Sample Hub
Resources
Professional Development
Shop
Student Sign In
Teacher Sign In
Active Learning for Social Studies and Science

Explore Our Programs

Engaging All Learners

TCI supports the needs of students and educators with high-quality, interactive curricula. Focusing on active learning and student engagement, TCI gives districts everything they need to help teachers create immersive classroom experiences.

K-8 Science Curriculum

Experience active, three-dimensional science learning with TCI. The programs features rich phenomena, hands-on investigations, and a flexible, teacher-friendly design, making science engaging in any classroom.

Explore TCI’s Science Curriculum
K-12 Social Studies Curriculum

Discover how our high-quality social studies curriculum creates memorable, engaging activities that build skills, foster critical thinking, and align with standards—making learning meaningful for every student.

Explore TCI’s Social Studies Curriculum
New and Noteworthy from TCI

See what’s making waves—awards, new products, fresh updates, and tools teachers love.

2025 CODiE Award Winner!
TCI on the Road Conferences in 2026
NEW! Explore the Western Hemisphere
State Spotlight: Michigan, Ohio, Maryland
New Features: Translations, Grades, More
Product Updates: Translations, Grades, Correlations

For Fall 2025, we’re introducing new features based on your feedback, including a new Grades page, point-of-use correlations, and enhanced tools for accessibility and translations.

Learn More

TCI Wins for Best Social Science/Studies Instructional Solution

“The CODiE Awards celebrate the visionaries shaping the future of technology,” said Jennifer Baranowski, President of the CODiE Awards.

Learn More

Coming to a City Near You!

Our team is hitting the road next year, visiting Tennessee, New York, Delaware, Michigan, and California for conferences—hope to see you there!

See Where We Will Be

Introducing Social Studies Alive! The Western Hemisphere

From early ancient civilizations to modern trade networks, students dive into the Western Hemisphere with an active learning approach. Discover how this program keeps students engaged and encourages deeper thinking.

Experience a Lesson

New Programs for Michigan, Ohio, and Maryland

Every classroom—and every state—is unique. That’s why TCI customizes curriculum to fit your state’s standards and instructional goals. Check out our newest standards-aligned programs, designed with your students in mind.

Michigan

Ohio

Maryland

Product Updates: Translations, Grades, Correlations

For Fall 2025, we’re introducing new features based on your feedback, including a new Grades page, point-of-use correlations, and enhanced tools for accessibility and translations.

Learn More

TCI Wins for Best Social Science/Studies Instructional Solution

“The CODiE Awards celebrate the visionaries shaping the future of technology,” said Jennifer Baranowski, President of the CODiE Awards.

Learn More

Coming to a City Near You!

Our team is hitting the road next year, visiting Tennessee, New York, Delaware, Michigan, and California for conferences—hope to see you there!

See Where We Will Be

Introducing Social Studies Alive! The Western Hemisphere

From early ancient civilizations to modern trade networks, students dive into the Western Hemisphere with an active learning approach. Discover how this program keeps students engaged and encourages deeper thinking.

Experience a Lesson

New Programs for Michigan, Ohio, and Maryland

Every classroom—and every state—is unique. That’s why TCI customizes curriculum to fit your state’s standards and instructional goals. Check out our newest standards-aligned programs, designed with your students in mind.

Michigan

Ohio

Maryland

Product Updates: Translations, Grades, Correlations

For Fall 2025, we’re introducing new features based on your feedback, including a new Grades page, point-of-use correlations, and enhanced tools for accessibility and translations.

Learn More

 Your Journey Starts Here: Professional Learning with TCI

At TCI, professional learning is part of the journey—not just a starting line.

In-App Courses

TCI’s self-paced Professional Development courses allows teachers to get hands-on training in the TCI platform.

Check it out 
Live and On-Demand Webinars

Get inspired and stay informed. Monthly topics designed for K–12 teachers and leaders.

Attend a webinar 
Upcoming Conferences

Join us at upcoming conferences to explore our programs, attend sessions, and connect with TCI experts.

Visit us 
Our Purpose: Bring Learning Alive!

We are passionate about creating meaningful learning experiences for students everywhere. Learn why TCI is right for you!

0
States
0
New Districts
0M
Students
0K
Teachers
See TCI in Action—anytime, anywhere

Curious how TCI lessons look and feel in the classroom? The Sample Hub gives you instant access to sample lessons, interactive tools, and student materials—so you can see how our programs work before you commit.

Visit the Sample Hub

Teach for Tomorrow with TCI

Tomorrow’s world is being built today by educators and their students. TCI curriculum resources and programs provides teachers the resources they need to support student success in science and social studies. We help to create a more engaging, immersive learning experience for every student!

Talk to a TCI Expert Today

Never Miss a TCI Update

Sign up to get the latest on TCI programs, products, and professional development offerings.

Sign Up Today

Contact Support

Science
Elementary Science
Middle School Science
Middle School Integrated Science
Social Studies
Elementary Social Studies
Middle School Social Studies
High School Social Studies
Resources
Blog
TCI Product Updates
Events
Support
Ordering FAQs
Manage My Order
Company
About Us
Careers
Shop
News

© 2025 TCI

 
Terms of Use TCI Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Business Terms System Requirements and Integrations Sitemap
Follow TCI on Facebook
 
Follow TCI on Instagram
 
See TCI on LinkedIn
 
Follow TCI on Twitter
 
Watch TCI on YouTube
Contact Sales