	
Products
Services
Company
Topics
Log In Request Demo
SCHOOL SOFTWARE STREAMLINED
SchoolInsight SIS SchoolInsight Financials

Easy student information system designed for small- to medium-sized districts and non-publics. Run your schools efficiently and affordably. All web-based and securely hosted online.

Save office staff's time. Make data available to authorized staff (principals, teachers, counselors, etc). Easy and powerful querying and reporting.

Learn More Request Demo

For bookkeepers at small to medium-sized school districts looking for efficiency and simplicity, SchoolInsight Financials offers a full-featured, cloud-based, solution without unnecessary complexity.



Learn More Request Demo

TeacherEase helps implement standards-based learning and differentiated instruction in the classroom. For many teachers and organizations, standards-based education is a big change and requires great effort. TeacherEase supports this process by providing world-class tools that make standards-based practices easier.

Learn More Request Demo
What We Do
Software-as-a-Service
Easy to Use
Third Party Integration
Top Tier Support

See it for yourself!

Request Demo
Latest News

12/19/2025
SchoolInsight Training Events: Winter and Spring Onsite User Groups

12/16/2025
Upcoming Tax Forms Webinar; Be Ready for 2026

10/22/2025
New “Attendance For Day(beta)” for Secondary Instructors

10/21/2025
Limited Space Available: SchoolInsight SIS Fall User Groups

9/9/2025
SchoolInsight SIS Certified by MA DESE for Data Quality and SIF Compliance

9/5/2025
Dive into SchoolInsight SIS: 2025 Fall User Groups

More News

Webinars

Learn more about how our products can help your schools run efficiently and affordably.

ISBE ATTENDANCE: CALENDAR CHANGES FOR REMOTE/E-LEARNING

Effectively manage academic calendars to ensure remote/e-learning attendance is properly reported to ISBE.

Play Webinar
YEARLY ROLLOVER SIMPLIFIED

SchoolInsight makes it easy to transition from one year to the next. Transfer students, copy report cards, rollover account balances, and verify your system is configured to meet your needs.

Play Webinar
PDF Guide
USE YOUR DATA: REPORTS IN SCHOOLINSIGHT

Utilize data to make decisions. Communicate information to staff or parents. Integrate your data with custom forms and letter templates. Track progress through the year and find patterns. Topics include custom reports, custom forms, letter templates, groups, and reports for attendance, tuition & fees, discipline, instructors, standards-based grading, and curriculum.

Play Webinar
PDF Guide

More Webinars

Copyright © 2001-2025 Common Goal Systems Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service

Share:  