Teads - Elevated Outcomes Skip to main content Skip to footer For Advertisers Advertisers Teads Studio Creative Showcase Teads Awards For Media Owners Media Owners Media Owners Showcase Company About Us Careers Leadership Offices Investors Resources Blog Case Studies Teads Academy Ad Policies Omnichannel CTV For Advertisers Advertisers Teads Studio Creative Showcase Teads Academy For Media Owners Media Owners Media Owners Showcase Company About Us Careers Leadership Offices Investors Resources Blog Case Studies Teads Academy Ad Policies Omnichannel CTV Contact Us Login Contact Us Login Your browser does not support the video tag. Elevated Outcomes Creative Insights Media Platform Performance Built to drive tangible business outcomes on the open internet — helping brands reach incremental audiences, drive consideration, and deliver sales. Contact Us The Global Platform for Elevated Outcomes Teads is powering one of the largest optimized supply paths on the open internet—uniting premium media, an advanced omnichannel graph, data-driven creative, and predictive technology to deliver outcomes for both advertisers and content owners. $ 0 B in ad spend 0 B users globally 0 + markets Direct Supply Direct Demand Deep Performance Expertise Leading Omnichannel Branding Solutions Elevate Your Expectations Elevated Media Ensure your message resonates in premium media environments that delight consumers and drive real audience engagement. Reach 2 billion+ consumers across 10,000 properties and 50 markets. Elevated Creative Elevate the creative you deliver to your audience with beautiful experiences that are fluid from screen to screen — and that are designed to deliver maximum outcomes for every marketing objective. Elevated Insights Effective advertising powered by an advanced omnichannel graph, with an expanded dataset spanning audience, contextual, conversion, and purchase insights. Elevated Performance Proprietary predictive AI engine that leverages a deep understanding of consumer engagement to optimize business outcomes across all screens. Stunning Experiences Across All Screens Your browser does not support the video tag. Unparalleled Scale with Unique Access to the World's Top Media Owners and OEMs Teads Empowers Partners to Expect More from the Open Internet For Media Owners Deepen audience engagement and tap into full-funnel monetization, with stunning creative experiences that delight consumers — with one powerful global partner. Learn More For Advertisers From branding to performance, drive tangible results through one platform. Elevate outcomes with captivating experiences that connect the consumer journey across every screen. Learn More Teads is the platform to create better, connected consumer experiences across screens — that drive real outcomes from branding to performance. For Advertisers Advertisers Teads Studio Creative Showcase Teads Awards Teads Academy Ad Policies For Media Owners Media Owners Media Owners Showcase Company About Us Careers Leadership Offices Blog Investors Engineering at Teads Privacy & Legal Site Visitors Privacy Policy Advertising Privacy Policy Exercise your rights Terms of Use Legal Mentions Brand Safety Policy Ad Policies Modern Slavery Act Statement Do Not Sell My Information Site Visitors Privacy Policy Website Cookie Policy Security at Teads Cookie Settings English Deutsch Español Italiano 中文 (简体)