Dating site | Teamo | №1 Serious Dating | Company of the year Appt Benefits English Русский English Log in Date Russian speakers. Smart matching powered by AI and psychology Sign in Get the app Meet Russian speakers worldwide with Teamo — for love, family, and lasting relationships. All profiles are verified and moderated, so on Teamo you interact with real people looking for serious relationships. What makes us special Matching on Teamo is based on the results of psychological testing. The service selects the most compatible partners based on personality and values 15 filters for fast matching Filters let you find the perfect match fast. Select what matters to you — height, religion, vibe, and more. Safety Using advanced technology, we protect your data and ensure safe interactions. Safe zone On teamo, we promote respectful and friendly interactions among users, ensuring a safe and comfortable environment for dating. AI-powered matching based on psychological compatibility. Matching on Teamo is based on the results of psychological testing. The service selects the most compatible partners based on personality and values AI-powered matching based on psychological compatibility. Safety Using advanced technology, we protect your data and ensure safe interactions. Safe zone On teamo, we promote respectful and friendly interactions among users, ensuring a safe and comfortable environment for dating. 15 filters for fast matching Filters let you find the perfect match fast. Select what matters to you — height, religion, vibe, and more. Join our community Get expert advice, dating tips, love news,  and join our regular giveaways on social media. Don’t wait. Act. Sign in "Teamo.ru" Limited Liability Company (Primary State Registration Number [OGRN] 1107746737130, Taxpayer Identification Number [INN] 7707733132, OKVED codes [Russian National Classifier of Economic Activities]: 96.09; 62.09; 64.99; 66.19; 69; 73.1; 73.20; 82.99) is accredited as an organization operating in the field of information technology (Registry Number of IT Companies: 27784). Help Contacts Feedback Privacy Policy User Agreement Security tips How to find serious relationship Countries Teamo.ru in the regions of Russia Reviews © Teamo, 2010 – 2025. Service is intended for people over 18 years old English Русский English