TeamViewer—The Digital Workplace Platform Contact Sales Sign in Open web app Management Console Ticket Customer Portal Products Personal use and SMB TeamViewer Remote Fast and secure remote access and IT support. Learn more Remote support Deliver instant, secure support Remote management Monitor and manage devices View plans and pricing Enterprise TeamViewer Tensor Remote connectivity built for secure operations. Learn more Remote IT support Secure, flexible, integrated Operational technology Remote shop floor access Real-time troubleshooting TeamViewer DEX Resolve issues before they affect users. Learn more Endpoint Troubleshooting Identify and resolve issues Endpoint Automation Automate routine IT tasks Connected worker TeamViewer Frontline Drive efficiency with industrial augumented reality. Learn more Logistics and warehousing Hands-free material handling Training and onboarding Fast onboarding and upskilling TeamViewer ONE Get the full power of TeamViewer, unified in one platform. Learn more Key integrations Microsoft Intune ServiceNow Freshworks Jira Salesforce Slack Microsoft Teams View all integrations ONE Platform TeamViewer ONE Platform Proactively manage and optimize your digital workplace combined in one platform. For lean IT teams Proactive device management Frictionless experience Smooth and uninterrupted digital experience Seamless IT operations Proactive remediations and exceptional service Talk to our team Ready to transform? Explore the platform Core capabilities TeamViewer AI Digital Employee Experience Remote support and control Asset and patch management View all capabilities Gartner Report 2025 TeamViewer named a leader in DEX TeamViewer named leader in 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ DEX tools. Key integrations Microsoft Intune ServiceNow Freshworks Jira Salesforce Zendesk Slack Microsoft Teams View all integrations Solutions Popular use cases Most popular TeamViewer use cases Remote access and support Manage people, devices, and applications – from anywhere. Digital Employee Experience (DEX) Proactively solve IT issues before they impact productivity. Other use cases Popular solutions for further use cases Remote access Improve access with secure connection Remote control Control device platform-independent Remote desktop Enhance productivity from anywhere Wake-on-LAN Enable remote device activation Screen sharing Real-time visual communication Smart Service Streamline after-sales operations By need Popular solutions for different requirements Personal use Access devices from anywhere Small businesses Simplify remote access and support Large businesses Scale and secure enterprise IT Freelancers and digital nomads Work securely from any location Managed service providers Manage and maintain client IT OEMs Streamline support and operations Non-profit and education 30% discount on TeamViewer technology By industries Popular solutions sorted by industry Automotive Agriculture Logistics Manufacturing Retail Healthcare Banking and finance Public sector Talk to our sales team Need help choosing the right solution, placing and order, or upgrading your license? Talk to us Enterprise Resources Find out more about TeamViewer About TeamViewer Connecting people, places, and things securely. Contact Support Browse support articles or contact our team. Become a Partner Join our global partner TeamUP program Success Stories Explore results achieved by TeamViewer customers. NEWS TeamViewer reports rapid customer adoption of its Al offering. Resources News and Insights Success Stories Events and Webinars Trust Center Why TeamViewer Partner Become a Partner Find a Partner Integration Partners Support Contact Support Guides & Manuals Knowledge Base System Status Custom Modules For Developers Community Company About TeamViewer Careers Investors Newsroom Leadership Sports Partnerships Sustainability and CSR Pricing Free Download Shift from reactive to proactive with remote access, automation, and endpoint management combined in one AI-powered platform. NEW Lean IT teams , enter the era of proactive IT with TeamViewer ONE. Autonomous IT. Powered by AI. The remote technology you know and trust, but better. Free business trial View plans and pricing TeamViewer ONE Explore the all-in-one platform IT access and support Fix issues remotely. Free for personal use. Learn more DEX and AEM Proactively find, fix, and automate IT issues. Learn more Remote control Manage computers and machines with AI. Learn more Explore the all-in-one platform Frontline workflows Pick, train, and manufacture with AR. Learn more TeamViewer DEX: Detect. Fix. Automate. Detect, fix, and validate IT issues before users notice Explore TeamViewer DEX Find out more TeamViewer DEX combines real-time endpoint visibility, insights, and automated remediation to prevent IT issues before they disrupt work. What is TeamViewer for enterprise? A secure and scalable remote connectivity platform for your business Explore features Get started Monitor, access, and support your IT fleet regardless of the destination. 60,000 global devices, one streamlined remote solution Henkel boosts productivity and reduces costs with TeamViewer. Read the story Explore our enterprise platform: Feature spotlights Take a deeper dive into our features made for enterprises. Enterprise-grade security Establish a strong security posture throughout your organization. Scale with your business Manage a growing fleet of mobile devices, traditional PCs, IoT stacks, and more. Ensure your workforce stays productive, agile, and supported. Conditional access: Prevent unauthorized access to people and devices. User groups and roles: Automate user life cycle management and provision of accounts. Single sign-on (SSO): Simplify management and provision of accounts. Learn more Protect your ecosystem with a secure support experience. Two-factor authentication (2FA): Add an extra layer of verification for access to accounts, devices, and systems. Secured IT fleet: Manage permissions and assign policies at the user, team, and device levels. Remote monitoring: Monitor your growing fleet in near real time. Learn more Enable growth with remote technology for any device, anywhere. Global growth: Scale at speed with a cloud-based platform that is implemented in just 1-2 days. Device diversity: From the classic desktop computer to the latest headless device, Tensor is ready to provide support. Bring your own certificate (BYOC): BYOC ensures all connected devices are certified, allowing you to scale safely. Learn more Frictionless experience Ensures a smooth and uninterrupted digital experience for employees, minimizing frustrations and unnecessary disruptions. Seamless IT operations Optimize processes with enhanced visibility and automation, driving proactive remediations, exceptional service, and reduced costs. Real-time service desk troubleshooting and resolution Resolve IT issues proactively and in real-time to reduce service desk incidents, minimize downtime, and maintain smooth, efficient operations. Autonomous digital experience management Identify, notify, and fix compliance drift, digital friction, and end-user frustration issues. Trusted by IT teams around the world TeamViewer DEX means proactive IT Real-time visibility, actionable insights, and automation built for tomorrow. Real-time visibility Monitor real-time and historical data across your endpoint environment. Actionable insights Get insights across performance, applications, operating systems, security, and networking categories. Automated remediation Reduce manual workload by automating recurring fixes. Learn more about DEX Trusted by IT teams around the world The pinnacle of proactive IT Real-time visibility Monitor endpoints with real-time and historical data. Useful insights Act on high-value insights into performance, applications, OS, security, and networking. Automated remediation Reduce manual workload by automating recurring fixes. TeamViewer for Enterprise Secure, scalable, and flexible, TeamViewer solutions are built for the complex needs of global enterprises. Learn more Industry leaders win with TeamViewer TeamViewer DEX and Bacardi: A perfect cocktail for the Windows 10 era. Howe Tech scales IT services with TeamViewer’s remote monitoring and security solutions. Leading beverage company now uses remote support and Frontline Inspect for digital training. Discover more Integrated into your systems View all integrations Discover what sets TeamViewer apart Industry-leading security Powerful add-ons Non-profits and education BitSight Security Rating ranks TeamViewer as top 1% in the tech industry BitSight Security Rating provides data-driven, dynamic measurements of an organization’s cybersecurity performance. It is the most widely adopted security ratings solution for all industries and markets. Compliance with ISO/IEC 27001 , HIPAA/HITECH , and SOC 2 and 3 reflects our commitment to data protection, operational integrity, and regulatory alignment. So you can work with confidence. Visit our Trust Center Better together Enhance your TeamViewer Remote subscription with our powerful add-ons for monitoring, managing, and protecting your entire IT ecosystem. Learn more Asset Management Gain instant visibility into your IT systems with asset tracking and management. Mobile Device Management Onboard, manage, and monitor mobile devices in your company. Device Monitoring Prevent unnecessary downtime and ensure your IT systems are stable, secure, and always running smoothly. Endpoint Protection Protect your devices wherever they are with next-gen cyber defense against viruses, zero-day exploits, ransomware, and more. TeamViewer for non-profits and education TeamViewer is dedicated to working with non-profit and educational organizations. Here’s how. Learn more Remote support for far-reaching devices From Hamburg to Namibia—with TeamViewer, the Steps for Children team can ensure all devices and systems are up to date and operational, helping volunteers focus on the tasks that matter most. Enabled learning—anytime, anywhere To deliver exceptional education, Edith Cowan University (ECU) relies on exceptional IT support. With TeamViewer, ECU can provide remote support to 3,700 staff members and 31,000 students across four campuses. A digital workplace that saves time and money The Salvation Army (TSA) has spent over 150 years helping those in need. To continue this work, it needs a seamless and secure IT infrastructure. TeamViewer enables this, delivering an affordable, flexible digital workplace for 10,000 employees. Let’s find the right solution for your business Connect with one of our customer success specialists and start defining your TeamViewer setup. Get in touch Seamless remote access and support with TeamViewer Powerful solutions for IT professionals and teams Solve IT problems with ease and keep track of your devices from anywhere. Provide instant remote support for any device. Connect to your devices securely for remote work. Manage your IT proactively to prevent downtime. Use AI for faster support and easier documentation. Advanced connectivity for larger businesses Keep systems running smoothly. Cut downtime and boost productivity. Manage and support your entire fleet of IT and OT devices. Create a seamless hybrid working environment. Stay compliant with advanced security features. Integrate remote connectivity with your existing systems. Get started in seconds Forget complex configurations and lengthy installations—download now and be up and running instantly. Download now Discover what sets TeamViewer apart Industry-leading security Integrations Powerful add-ons Success stories Non-profits and education Security is at our core Compliance with ISO/IEC 27001 , HIPAA/HITECH , and SOC 2 & 3 reflects our commitment to data protection, operational integrity, and regulatory alignment. So you can work with confidence. Visit our Trust Center SAP Digitalize almost any industrial process—from logistics picking to field service. Microsoft Teams Expand the potential of Microsoft Teams with remote device control and AR-based remote support capabilities. Salesforce Extend the scope of your Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud with remote support functionality. Freshworks Supercharge your Freshworks set-up with remote access and control capabilities. Microsoft Intune Activate remote support and control for your Intune-managed devices. Jira Add remote connectivity to your Jira platform to boost internal collaboration and support your customers. ServiceNow Make your ServiceNow workflows even smoother with remote support functionality. Google Meet Improve teamwork and increase efficiency in Google Meet with secure remote control and support. Discover more Better together Enhance your TeamViewer Remote subscription with our powerful add-ons for monitoring, managing, and protecting your entire IT ecosystem. Learn more Asset Management Gain instant visibility into your IT systems with asset tracking and management. Mobile Device Management Onboard, manage, and monitor mobile devices in your company. Device Monitoring Prevent unnecessary downtime and ensure your IT systems are stable, secure, and always running smoothly. Endpoint Protection Protect your devices wherever they are with next-gen cyber defense against viruses, zero-day exploits, ransomware, and more. TeamViewer doubles in-home brain scans for Health Point Neurodiagnostics. Thanks to TeamViewer’s collaboration features, Koppermann has achieved shorter delivery times and a higher quality of service. Rems-Murr-Kliniken goes paperless with TeamViewer Tensor. Kemper is reducing costs and increasing employee satisfaction with the help of augmented reality. B2B division uses TeamViewer for remote maintenance of digital displays and information systems. BOBST solves 80% of electrical issues thanks to remote assistance. Discover more TeamViewer for non-profits and education TeamViewer is dedicated to working with non-profit and educational organizations. Here’s how. Learn more Remote support for far-reaching devices From Hamburg to Namibia—with TeamViewer, the Steps for Children team can ensure all devices and systems are up to date and operational, helping volunteers focus on the tasks that matter most. Enabled learning—anytime, anywhere To deliver exceptional education, Edith Cowan University (ECU) relies on exceptional IT support. With TeamViewer, ECU can provide remote support to 3,700 staff members and 31,000 students across four campuses. A digital workplace that saves time and money The Salvation Army (TSA) has spent over 150 years helping those in need. To continue this work, it needs a seamless and secure IT infrastructure. TeamViewer enables this, delivering an affordable, flexible digital workplace for 10,000 employees. Let’s find the right solution for your business Connect with one of our customer success specialists and start defining your TeamViewer setup. Get in touch Please choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on teamviewer.com SUGGESTED REGION Americas Americas - English América Latina - Español Brasil - Português Canada - English Canada - Français United States - English Asia Pacific Asia Pacific - English Australia - English 中国 - 中⽂（简体） 香港 - 繁體中文 India - English 日本 - ⽇本語 New Zealand - English 대한민국 - 한국어 台灣-繁體中文 ประเทศไทย - ภาษาไทย Việt Nam - Tiếng Việt Commonwealth of Independent States CIS - English СНГ - Русский Europe Europe - English Belgique - Français België - Nederlands Bulgaria - English Croatia - English Cyprus - English Czechia - Čeština Denmark - English Deutschland - Deutsch España - Español Estonia - English Finland - English France - Français Greece - English Ireland - English Italia - Italiano Latvia - English Liechtenstein - Deutsch Liechtenstein - Français Liechtenstein - Italiano Lithuania - English Luxembourg - Français Magyarország - Magyar Malta - English Nederland - Nederlands Norway - English Österreich - Deutsch Polska - Polski Portugal - Português Romania - English Schweiz - Deutsch Suisse - Français Svizzera - Italiano Slovakia - English Slovenia - English Sweden - English Türkiye - Türkçe United Kingdom - English Middle East Africa Middle East Africa - English Middle East Africa - Français Change Region Products TeamViewer Remote TeamViewer Tensor TeamViewer DEX TeamViewer Frontline Pricing ONE Platform TeamViewer ONE Talk to our team Solutions By Industries By Use Cases By Roles Enterprise Partner Become a Partner Find a Partner Integration Partners Resources News and Insights Success Stories Events and Webinars Trust Center Why TeamViewer Support Contact Support Guides & Manuals Knowledge Base System Status Custom Modules For Developers Community Company About TeamViewer Careers Investors Newsroom Leadership Sports Partnerships Sustainability and CSR Additional Links Contact Sales TeamViewer User Focus Program Make work work better Research Projects Newsletter Product Descriptions Imprint Contact EULA / DPA Privacy & Cookies Cookie Settings