FeaturesAboutBlogSupportFind My Team
Log InSign Up
Features
About
Blog
Support
Find My Team

Download Stack Team App

Create A Free App
For Your Team

Stack Team App is a platform that allows teams and social groups to improve communication by creating their own smartphone app.

Create a Team / Club
Design your app in minutes, fully customizable.

Design your app, choose from a huge range of features and you will have a fully functional app created in less than 10 minutes.

Stories of Success
Kristen Alebakis
Western Region Football League
The Western Region Football League and our clubs have been using Stack Team App for several years. It is a fantastic platform to share news and connect with players, coaches and community members from across Melbourne’s west and beyond. It is also great for people to access live scores and stay up-to-date with all that’s happening across the league.
Rachael Bouley
Baseball Victoria
Stack Team App plays an integral role in our communication strategy. It allows us to send instant alerts and emails to players, coaches, parents and supporters across the state with our latest news. We use the app for event registration, it's easy to set up, has secure payments and has an easy-to-use interface for our members.
Derek Willis
Kentucky Youth Soccer
We’ve been using Stack Team App for several years now. The app makes it easy for us to communicate with parents on important announcements, track our practice and match schedules, share photos and videos, we connect our families to our sponsors and much more!
Nicholas Sacco
Northern Football Netball League
Stack Team App has been a great platform for the Northern Football Netball League and our clubs. The app has been well received by our members, particularly in regard to keeping up to date with live scores as well as the league’s latest news.
Paul Fryant
Hartfield Academy
We have implemented the Stack Team App Education Portal platform across our School Athletics program with an app for each sport. It’s the perfect solution to easily and effectively communicate between our coaches, students and parents.
Andrew Parkes
Yarra Valley Grammar School
The Yarra Valley Grammar School has chosen to use Stack Team App across our school sports program. The new Education Portal allows us to communicate important information directly to our parents and students' fingertips from one central location.
Samir Yasa
Indiana Soccer Referees Association
Stack Team App has so many great features and benefits, it makes the administration duties for our staff very easy. Each district across the state has its own customized app and has really helped our association to increase engagement with our referees.
Nathan Gjorgievski
Little Athletics Victoria
We are always looking for better ways to communicate information to our Centres & Members that are involved with Little Athletics. It’s one of the reasons why we chose to use the Stack Team App Portal because it allows us to send alerts with important news and event information to each of our app users.
Dan Gladden
Compass Montessori School
Stack Team App has been exactly what we needed to improve communications in our Athletics Department. I manage 7 teams and it's been a great way for parents, student-athletes and coaches to communicate within their teams in an easy way. The functionality of the app is easy to use and the community feedback from users has all been positive!
Scott Taylor
Australian Sports Camps
Stack Team App provides Australian Sports Camps with a great communication and marketing tool. We send our customers information regarding offers and when our sports camps are open for bookings. It's super easy to use and administer.
Michele Timms
Michele Timms Basketball Academy
I have been using Stack Team App now for several years to manage my basketball academy. This platform is my main means of communication, it allows me to list upcoming School Holiday Camps and In-Term Training Programs. I have enabled ticketing, allowing parents to make simple and secure payments for each event.
Features
Members
Club Admins
Youth Groups
Attendance Tracking
Track your players attendance at training, games or events directly from your team app. Full administrators can also generate attendance reports from the dashboard.
Availabilities
Availabilities are a great way to keep track of players, as it allows a player or club admin to enter a range of dates a player is or is not available.
Chat
Create chat rooms, forums, send group messages or one to one private messages! This is a great way to add a social element to your App, photos and video can also be uploaded and shared within chat rooms.
Digital Membership Cards
Create and sell your own Digital Membership Cards for players, family members, fans or sponsors and track their attendance with the unique QR code on each card.
Documents / Newsletters
Deliver your teams newsletters or documents directly to your members. This can be in pdf format or a link through to a website.
Events
Get notifications and reminders about key dates in your teams calendar, such as presentation nights and social gatherings.
Fundraising
The Fundraising feature allows you to generate fundraising campaigns, set targets and share your fundraisers with friends or even wider with the public.
Gallery (Photos / Videos)
Photos and Videos are a great way to add a social element to your App. When sending a photo or video you can choose which access groups will be able to view this content.
Import Members
Members details and email addresses can be imported in bulk and automatically assigned an access group. Parents can also be aligned to children.
Live Scores
Link directly through to a web address (URL) for your sporting associations live scores feed, or select manual entry mode and any member of your app can enter live scores as they happen.
News
Receive news and information about your team. You will receive push notifications whenever a team admin posts something new.
Player Profiles
Display player photos, details, bio and more. Including linking to player stats website. Switch on optional player sponsor promotion to help generate extra revenue for your club.
Registrations
Create registration forms and accept payments from your members.
Schedules
Create your team's schedule with features like RSVPs, attendance tracking, duty rosters and much more. Alternatively, you can set up links to an external website or upload a PDF.
Standings
Links through to the web address (URL) or PDF that displays the standings/ladders for your team.
Store
Allows you to accept payments or sell items relevant to your club. These might be membership fees, team merchandise or tickets for a fundraising event.
Surveys
Survey your members with easy options for multiple choice or free form replies. Share your responses or keep them private.
Teams
Display the teams for upcoming games. Send team announcements or simply list your playing squad. You can also add contact details and maps to game locations.
Ticketing
Event ticketing provides a simple & secure way to sell tickets for club events such as trivia nights, game-day entry or fundraisers directly via your app.
Voting
Assign members to submit votes for best players. Select opening and closing times. Voters will receive push notifications reminders to vote.
About
Our StoryTerms of ServiceFair Processing NoticePrivacy PolicyBlog
Product
How Stack Team App WorksMember FeaturesClub Admin FeaturesYouth Club FeaturesLeague & Association Features
Stack Team App
Advertise on Stack Team AppCommercialization TipsCareers
Stack Tourney
About Stack TourneyVisit Stack Tourney
Support
Help & SupportContact Stack Team App

©2026 Stack Sports International Pty. Ltd.