Professional Web Hosting - We provide solid web hosting & domain registration services! English French German Arabic Catalan Croatian Farsi Brazilian Portuguese Czech Republic Danish Dutch Hungarian Italian Norwegian Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukranian Romanian Macedonian Hebrew Estonian Chinese Azerbaijani Register Client Area Contact Server Status Contact Us Terms Of Service Domains Register Domain Your very own website address Transfer Domain Move your domain to us Web Hosting Shared Web Hosting Premium cPanel hosting Reseller Hosting Start your own web hosting business Dedicated Servers Your powerful hosting environment SSL Certificates View our SSL Certificates Company Company Overview All about TechHaus Host™ Why Choose Us The reasons why to choose us Testimonials Lots of feedback from our customer's Announcements Get up to date with the latest news Downloads We've compiled a selection of downloads Affiliates Affiliate Program Make money by referring your friend' Join Free Our affiliate program is free to join Login Existing affiliates login here Support Contact Form Send us an email Submit Ticket Submit a ticket to support View Tickets View your active & closed tickets Select page Home Domains - Register Domain - Transfer Domain Web Hosting - Shared Web Hosting - Reseller Hosting - Dedicated Servers - SSL Certificates Company Overview - Why Choose Us - Testimonials - Announcements - Downloads Affiliates - Join Free - Login Support - Submit Ticket - View Tickets Get Your Domain Name .org $11.95/yr .tv $38.95/yr .co $12.95/yr .net $12.95/yr .com $10.95/yr Web Hosting $ 1.95 /monthly Premium cPanel based web hosting 1GB Disk Space 10GB Bandwidth 5 Addon Domains Web Control Panel Software Installer Learn More Order Now Reseller Hosting $ 15.95 /annually Start your own reseller business 50GB Disk Space 100GB Bandwidth cPanel/WHM Overselling Enabled Free WHMCS License Learn More Order Now Dedicated Servers $ 75.95 /monthly Reliable low-cost dedicated servers with 2.3GHz minimum Fast Intel Xeon Core Processors 4GB RAM minimum 250GB RAID Storage minimum 1 Dedicated IP minimum Learn More Order Now 24/7 x 365 Live Support 99.9 % Uptime Guaranteed 30 day Money back Guarantee Cheap SSL Certificates from only $15.99/Year Secure your web site quickly & easily Automated 2-step validation process gets you up and running with SSL within minutes Protect your website's transactions Used & trusted by some of the e-commerce giants View SSL Certificates Welcome to our website TechHaus Host™ is your unified web hosting solutions partner. We cater our services to a broad spectrum of users, from beginners to professionals. We Provide both Windows and Linux Web hosting platforms. Providing Shared Hosting, Reseller Hosting, Business Hosting, Virtual Private Servers, Dedicated Servers and many more solutions for individuals, families, organizations and businesses. All TechHaus Host™ plans provide a 30 day money back guarantee, 99.999% uptime guarantee and no hidden fees or charges guarantee. We provide real customer service with no contracts - just savings. Oh, and did we mention our user friendly control panels and state of the art hardware? Have questions about our services? Feel free to email our support . Join our many clients today and take your online business to the next level with our 1 stop shop. Company updates Follow us on Twitter to keep up to date with news & promotions: News Feb 26th TechHaus Host's autoinstaller Softaculous Adds VIdeo with 5 NEW Scripts for hosting Plans The Softaculous Team is very excited to announce the launch of 5 new scripts.
ClipBucket is an opensource and free script that will let you start your own Video Sharing(Youtube Clone) website in matter of minutes, ClipBucket is fastest growing script with most video sharing websites and social networking freatures. ClipBucket is a free and ... Read More » Jan 25th Softaculous 2.6 Released with JavaScript Libraries. The Softaculous Team has released Softaculous 2.6
This version of Softaculous has some cool new features and a complete new interface. JavaScript Libraries is the distinct feature of 2.6 A complete list of changes: 1) New Interface or Theme in the Admin and User Panel. The theme is well designed and has a unique look. 2) Javascripts as a New type ... Read More » Logged in as Administrator | Return to Admin Area Services Shared Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers SSL Certificates Domains Register Domain Transfer Domain Support Contact Form Submit Ticket Knowledgebase Company About Us Why Choose Us Testimonials Announcements Server Status Affiliates Affiliate Program Join Free Affiliates Login Contact Us Company: TechHaus Host Street: 1631 State Street City/State: New Haven, CT 06511 Email: SupportTeam@TechHausHost.com Phone: +1 203 777 8324 Get Social Select Language Language: Arabic Azerbaijani Catalan Chinese Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Farsi French German Hebrew Hungarian Italian Macedonian Norwegian Portuguese-br Portuguese-pt Romanian Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukranian Copyright © 2024 - TechHaus Host Terms Of Service Acceptable Usage Policy Privacy Policy You are currently logged in as an admin. Click here to return to Admin Area × Close Loading... Loading... Close Submit × Generate Password Please enter a number between 8 and 64 for the password length Password Length Generated Password Generate new password Close Copy to clipboard & Insert