TechHive Best Smart Home Gear Best air purifiers Best indoor air quality monitors Best smart shades & blinds Best smart sprinkler controllers Best TV antennas Best water leak detectors Best home weather stations How-To News Home Security News Smart Assistants News Smart Home News Streaming News Deals Reviews By Category Home Security Smart Assistants Smart Home Streaming Newsletter sign-up Smart Answers Skip to content Menu TechHive logo flat Copy Best Smart Home Gear Expand Best Smart Home Gear Best air purifiers Best indoor air quality monitors Best smart shades & blinds Best smart sprinkler controllers Best TV antennas Best water leak detectors Best home weather stations How-To News Expand News Home Security News Smart Assistants News Smart Home News Streaming News Deals Reviews By Category Expand By Category Home Security Smart Assistants Smart Home Streaming Newsletter sign-up Smart Answers TechHive logo flat Copy TechHive’s next chapter: Smart home & cord-cutting coverage moves to PCWorld LATEST STORIES How-To Silence, please! How to turn off auto-playing Netflix previews Annoyed by the auto-playing previews while browsing Netflix for something to stream? Here's how to turn them off. By Laura Pippig How-To Did you watch that? How to find your Netflix streaming history You can summon a list of all the films and TV shows you've streamed on Netflix in just a few steps. This guide shows you how. By Laura Pippig Cord-Cutter Confidential Skip through streaming TV ads with this free browser extension Multi Skipper is a free Chrome extension that fast forwards through commercial breaks on Netflix, Hulu, Peacock, and more. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential This app tells you when to cancel your streaming subscriptions Seasons helps you track streaming shows and tells you the ideal time to subscribe. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential Sling's free DVR has a secret storage upgrade Sling's Freestream DVR only offers 10 recording hours, but you can expand it with this workaround. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential Trying to stream Major League Baseball games? Good luck! MLB streaming in 2024: All the in-market options for each team. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential YouTube on your TV: 13 tips to make it even better Essential TV tips for navigating the YouTube catalog, interacting with videos, and getting the best viewing experience. By Jared Newman Tip Ring has been replacing first-gen Ring Alarm Keypads for free Having trouble with your first-generation Ring Alarm Keypad? If so, you might be able to snag the second-gen version for free, courtesy of Ring. By Ben Patterson Cord-Cutter Confidential Explore the hidden search features inside your streaming device How to make the best use of your TV streamer's search tool. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential This free app makes Google TV so much better TVQuickActions: This free app adds an "all apps" shortcut and more to Google TV devices. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential How to quickly switch between streaming apps App switching features explained for Roku, Fire TV, Google TV, and Apple TV By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential How to turn off Fire TV screensaver ads Fire TV "Sponsored Screensaver" ads are annoying. Here are four ways to get rid of them. By Jared Newman Cord-Cutter Confidential Cancel your streaming services now, you might score deals later Want the best streaming deals of the year? Start canceling your subscriptions now. By Jared Newman How-To How to enable and customize StandBy mode in iOS 17 Here's how it works. By Jason Cross How-To How to use Alexa Routines to make your Amazon Echo even smarter Alexa Routines creates lots of new possibilities for your Amazon Echo. Here's how to put them to use. By Jared Newman How-To How to stream the US Open Tennis Championships 2023 The last of the big four Grand Slam tennis tournaments is about to get underway in New York. Here's how to stream every match, even if you don't have cable. By Ben Patterson How-To Miss Cortana? Here's how to use Alexa on Windows 11 With Cortana on Windows 11 no longer a thing, you’ll need an alternative. Alexa is the obvious choice, and here's how to get started. By Adrian Sobolewski Kiwerski How-To How to avoid the Disney+ price increase Disney+ ad-free subscribers are facing a steep price hike in October, but you can lock in the pre-increase rate with this trick. By Ben Patterson How-To How to watch Apple TV+ on a Windows PC Windows users don't have to miss out on Ted Lasso and crew, as you can still watch Apple TV+ on your PC. By Macworld Staff How-To How to stream the 2023 Women’s World Cup Here are all the ways you can watch the FIFA Women’s World Cup soccer (excuse me, football) tournament, happening now through August 20 in Australia and New Zealand. By Michael Brown More stories TechHive helps you find your tech sweet spot. We steer you to products you'll love and show you how to get the most out of them. Policies Expand Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Notice Terms of Service European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Editorial independence Licensing & Eprints California: Do not Sell my Personal Info About Expand About About Us Advertising Ad Choice Contact Foundry Careers Smart Answers TechHive Categories Expand submenu for TechHive Categories Streaming Media Smart Home Smart Assistants Home Security Home Entertainment Headphones © 2025 FoundryCo, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network + PCWorld Tech Advisor Macworld Top Of Page Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Settings