Tech.co | Technology News, Reviews and Advice Guides AI Vibe Coding AI Learning AI Tools AI News Best AI Website Builders Best AI CRM Software Cybersecurity Cybersecurity News Professional Services HR Software CRM Software Accounting Software Project Management Software Website Builders Web Conferencing Business Phone Systems Logistics Asset Tracking Fleet Management Field Service Management Dash Cams CRM Software Logistics News Logistics Insights The Inside Lane Newsletter Hospitality POS Systems Business Phone Systems Accounting Software Project Management Software Hospitality News The Prep Newsletter Mint Pillow Newsletter News Artificial Intelligence News Logistics News Hospitality News Cybersecurity News Business Trends Product News Opinion & Analysis All News Newsletters The Inside Lane Newsletter The Prep Newsletter Mint Pillow Newsletter facebook twitter-x instagram linkedin Top Story Report: CEOs Remain ‘All-In’ On AI, Despite Patchy Returns Nicole Mousicos - December 18th 2025 | 07:11 am The new survey from Teneo reveals that CEOs remain hopeful on the future of AI within the workplace. Related What Are The Best AI Tools for Businesses in 2026? Latest News See all news Millions Affected by Massive Credit Report Data Breach The credit check and identify verification services provider 700Credit is the latest company to suffer a massive data breach. Gus Mallett - 1 week ago How to Make an Unforgettable First Impression in Business From business cards to custom notebooks, making an impression at events can go a long way for your business. Sponsored Conor Cawley - 1 week ago Study: AI in Manufacturing Expected to Grow 38.7% by 2030 The AI in manufacturing is expected to grow from $7 billion to $35 billion over the next five years. Conor Cawley - 2 weeks ago Disney and OpenAI Join Forces to Bring Characters to Sora The deal will see Google investing $1 billion in OpenAI with an option to invest more in the future. Conor Cawley - 2 weeks ago Logistics Companies Are Reducing Workforces Due to Low Freight Demand The latest Tech.co data reveals that a drop in freight demand is causing a shift in how logistics companies stay afloat. Nicole Mousicos - 2 weeks ago 88% Cybersecurity Pros Experience ‘Significant’ Impact of Skills Gap The cybersecurity skills gap is causing havoc across the tech sector, according to new research from ISC2. Gus Mallett - 2 weeks ago About Tech.co At Tech.co, we understand that tech decisions can make or break your company. Whether you’re looking to buy software that will level up your business, or want to understand the latest issues affecting your industry, you need experts who can give you the inside track. That’s where we come in. Tech.co has a 20 year legacy of offering invaluable advice to businesses. We’ve helped thousands of companies to thrive within the constantly moving tech landscape through our professional analysis, insightful research and industry expertise. Every step of the way we ensure our guidance is helpful and comprehensible. Learn more about Tech.co Logistics Tech Changes in the Road Ahead: Trucking Regulations to Look Out For in 2025 Gus Mallett - March 26th 2025 | 06:06 am In this guide, we've unpacked all of the biggest trucking industry regulations that are coming your way. Related Best ELD Devices for Trucks in 2026 – Which One Is Best? How Tech Is Solving the Truck Parking Crisis There is one spot for every 11 trucks in the US, and 98% of truckers have had a hard time finding parking. Conor Cawley - 4 months ago What Is Autonomous Truck Platooning and How Does It Work? With automated trucks on the horizon, "platooning" is in the spotlight. But what actually is it and how does it work? Gus Mallett - 4 months ago Top Logistics Scams to Look Out For Logistics scams can be a huge detriment to the success of your business, which is why avoiding them needs to be a priority. Conor Cawley - 3 weeks ago 10 Logistics Influencers You Need to Follow in 2025 Looking to get inspired and stay ahead of the logistics curve? Here are the influencers that can help you out. Nicole Mousicos - 4 months ago Why Large Scale Drone Deliveries Could Soon Be Reality With big names behind them, is it finally time for drone deliveries to take off and become a serious last mile option? Shefali Kapadia - 7 months ago 5 Startups Bringing Sustainability to Logistics Wood processing waste, RFID tags made out of paper, and smart waste sensors are just a few unexpected innovations. Adam Rowe - 4 months ago Exclusive Report Moving Goods With Fewer Hands: Tech.co Logistics Report 2025 Conor Cawley - June 30th 2025 | 05:57 am Download the Tech.co Logistics Report to learn more about the pressures facing the US logistics industry in 2025. Hospitality Tech 6 Best Restaurant POS Systems 2026: Which POS Is Best? Isobel O'Sullivan - December 16th 2022 | 01:00 am Find out which POS is right for your business and why — whether you're a full-service restaurant or food truck. Related 5 Best Retail POS Systems: Features and Pricing Compared Yelp Reaches for AI to Deliver Better Restaurant Reviews New AI-powered review insights can deliver key information on topics like service, ambiance, and food quality. Katie Scott - 1 year ago QuickBooks Online Pricing: How Much Does QuickBooks Cost? QuickBooks Online pricing is always changing, so make sure to stay up-to-date on how much this accounting software costs. Adam Rowe - 10 months ago Best Cash Registers for Small Business: Price and Feature Breakdown 2026 Cash registers are essential for small businesses. We break down the best POS and traditional options on the market. Isobel O'Sullivan - 3 weeks ago Professional Services Tech Salesforce Pricing: In-Depth Guide to CRM Costs 2026 Conor Cawley - December 12th 2022 | 12:02 am The popular CRM increased its prices, so here's what Salesforce costs in 2026 and what you get for your money. Related Best CRM Software for Small Business – Which One Is Best? Best Multi-Line Phone Systems for Your Business Today's multi-line phone systems offer great flexibility and call quality, with no need for endless equipment. Isobel O'Sullivan - 3 weeks ago 11 Best Paid and Free Alternatives to Google Voice If you think Google Voice is good but not great, here are the best alternatives to consider switching to. Jade Artry - 2 weeks ago Best Project Management Software – Comparison Guide 2026 We review some of the top project management software platforms, so you can make the right call for your business. Conor Cawley - 3 weeks ago Best International Phone Call Apps – Rates & Features Compared These apps offer business and personal use options to help you stay connected with people all around the world. Conor Cawley - 3 weeks ago 5 Cheapest VoIP Phone Services for Small Businesses in 2026 Our independent research found that Zoom is the best cheap VoIP phone service in 2026, followed by Google Voice and Dialpad. Isobel O'Sullivan - 3 weeks ago Smartsheet Pricing – How Much Does Smartsheet Cost? We take a look at Smartsheet's main pricing plans and add-on costs to help you choose wisely. Aaron Drapkin - 3 weeks ago Back to top About us Contact us Become a Partner Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use © 2025 Marketing VF Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Registered Office: 1st & 2nd Floors, Wenlock Works, 1A Shepherdess Walk, London, N1 7QE, United Kingdom. Registered in England & Wales (no. 06951544)