TechInsights Inc. - The Semiconductor Information Platform Skip to main content TechInsights User account menu Sign In Free Sign Up × Insights Technologies Topics Who We Serve Capabilities Experts Case Studies Strategic Technology Intelligence Leverage competitive technical and market intelligence to drive innovation and make informed, strategic product roadmap decisions Automotive Compute Connectivity Manufacturing Packaging Power Sensors Storage Teardown Key Industry Topics Examine the fundamental topics influencing semiconductor innovation and strategic market decisions. Sustainability Artificial Intelligence Chinese Developments Chiplets Tariffs Empowering Semiconductor Innovation with Insight, Tools, and Industry Connections TechInsights empowers semiconductor and electronics leaders with deep technical analysis, tools, exclusive events, and industry connections—built to support R&D, product strategy, and competitive insight. Engineering Professionals Strategy Professionals Finance Professionals Procurement and Supply Chain Professionals Product Development and Management Professionals Sales and Marketing Professionals Sustainability Professionals TechInsights Capabilities Review how TechInsights supports the Semiconductor Industry with Technical to Market Analysis to help drive innovation, target markets, and mange cost and risk. Reverse Engineering Market Analysis Compliance and Supply Chain Monitor Cost Analysis Intellectual Property Services Our Experts Check out the TechInsights experts that support customers. Detailed technical and market analysis with decades of experience drive innovation for the semidoncutor industry. Sustainability Reverse Engineering Market Analysis Advisory Spend Insights Products Capital Equipment Fabless Semiconductor Foundry Integrated Device Manufacturer Product Manufacturer Government Automotive Mobile Carriers Capital Equipment Semiconductor Products Power your roadmap with predictive insights from TechInsights and uncover what leading semiconductor players are doing next to help you stay ahead of the curve. Key Features: Capital Equipment R&D Capital Equipment Sub-Systems and Components Capital Equipment and Manufacturing Markets Capital Equipment and Manufacturing Strategies Capital Equipment IR Strategies Capital Equipment Sales Strategies Capital Equipment Sustainability Fabless Semiconductor Products TechInsights delivers critical insights that empower fabless semiconductor companies to optimize chip design, outpace competitors, and lead with innovation. Advanced Packaging Automotive Connected Computing Connected/Smart Home Executive Insights Sensors IoT Connectivity SoC Compute Manufacturing Analysis Storage Mobile RF Power Semiconductors Smartphones, Tablets, Wearables Foundry Semiconductor Products Maximize foundry performance with TechInsights’ deep analysis and strategic intelligence—empowering sharper decisions and a competitive edge at every step of production. Advanced Packaging Automotive Consumer Electronics Sensors IoT Connectivity SoC Compute Manufacturing Analysis Storage Mobile RF Power Semiconductors Smartphones, Tablets, Wearables Executive Insights Integrated Device Manufacturer Products TechInsights equips Integrated Device Manufacturers with unmatched semiconductor intelligence and strategic analysis to accelerate innovation, outperform rivals, and deliver market-leading products. Advanced Packaging Automotive Connected Computing Consumer Electronics Executive Insights Sensors IoT Connectivity SoC Compute Manufacturing Analysis Storage Power Semiconductors Smartphones, Tablets, Wearables Product Manufacturer Products Elevate your Product Manufacturer's performance with cutting-edge insights and strategic analysis. Advanced Packaging Connected Computing Connected/Smart Home Executive Insights Sensors IoT Connectivity SoC Compute Manufacturing Analysis Storage Power Semiconductors Procurement Smartphones Smartphones, Tablets, Wearables Government Products TechInsights provides unparalleled analysis of semiconductor technologies, supply chains, and intellectual property to support national security, regulatory compliance, and policy development. Compliance and Supply Chain Monitor Request a Demo Contact Sales Automotive Products TechInsights equips you with the insights you need to successfully navigate the automotive semiconductor market. Executive Insights Market Opportunity Module Innovation Procurement Semiconductor Innovation Supply Chain Mobile Carrier Products TechInsights’ Mobile Carriers product delivers in-depth analysis and data-driven insights into the strategies of global mobile network operators. Request a Demo Contact Sales Resources Blogs Webinars Events Featured Reports Podcast Our Experts Case Studies Latest Releases White paper: Cost, Cycle Time, and Carbon-Aware TCAD Development of New Technologies Chip Observer October 2025 Don’t just react to the market—lead it. TechInsights’ 2026 Outlook Summit TechInsights’ 2026 Outlook Summit brings together leading semiconductor experts to decode the year ahead. Company About Us Investments Careers Community Involvement Contact Us Careers TechInsights User account menu Sign In Free Sign Up The Trusted Source for Semiconductor Insights Unlock the full potential of the TechInsights Platform—trusted by the world’s leading technology companies for competitive intelligence, in-depth analysis, and unmatched industry insights. Unlock Insights with AI-Powered Chat Get instant insights powered by advanced AI trained on comprehensive semiconductor data. What is the latest technology used in DRAM memory chips? Which semiconductor markets are growing the most strongly? Who provides the RF components in the iPhone 15? Discover the TechInsights Platform 1.5M+ Reports 100K+ Chip Teardowns 650+ Global Customers 30+ Years of Experience Industries Capital Equipment Fabless Semiconductor Foundry Integrated Device Manufacturer Product Manufacturer Topics Sustainability Artificial Intelligence Chinese Developments Chiplets TechInsights offers predictive process flow analysis of leading logic and memory companies for capital equipment, revealing insights into upcoming industry developments from key players. Understanding process steps and feature parameters and their interaction, combined into a single visualization, will assist you in focusing on your product development initiatives for tool strategy and process recipe parameters. Learn More Related Case Studies Using TechInsights Advanced Packaging for Market Planning Using TechInsights to understand inflection points when new toolsets will be adopted Leveraging TechInsights’ Manufacturing Insights to enhance supply chain resilience and adaptability for capital equipment companies in a rapidly changing market Accelerate fabless innovation with unmatched semiconductor intelligence. TechInsights delivers essential insights and deep technical analysis that empower Fabless Semiconductor companies to optimize chip design, outperform competitors, and lead in a fast-evolving market. Learn More Related Case Studies Using TechInsights Compute Offering to Mitigate Core Design Risk Leveraging TechInsights Semiconductor Manufacturing Economics to Secure Favorable Pricing for Existing and Newly-Designed IC Products Using TechInsights’ Advanced Packaging to Effectively Position and Communicate a Product’s Value to a Target Audience Elevate your foundry's performance with cutting-edge insights and strategic analysis. Uncover how our industry-leading expertise can transform your customer engagement and give you a competitive edge. Explore our comprehensive foundry solutions today, designed to empower your business to predict and confirm future demand, mitigate inventory risks, and enhance production planning. Learn More Related Case Studies Using TechInsights Bill of Materials (BOM) Database to Achieve Substantial Savings Using TechInsights' Mobile RF product to better position foundry services for fabless RFIC designs Fuel Integrated Device Manufacturer (IDM) success with strategic semiconductor intelligence. TechInsights equips IDMs with deep technical and market insights to outpace the competition, enabling smarter design decisions, sharper benchmarking, and strategic planning that drives breakthrough products. Learn More Related Case Studies How TechInsights’ Advanced Packaging Helped a Leading Semiconductor Manufacturer Optimize Thermal Performance and Boost Market Share Using TechInsights Power Offering to Inform Internal Stakeholder decision making and Company Strategy Using TechInsights Chiplet and Advanced Packaging Analysis to Navigate an Evolving Landscape TechInsights helps Product Manufacturers navigate semiconductor market shifts with data-driven insights for smarter supply chain and design decisions Our analysis contextualizes the latest developments impacting the semiconductor industry for your company. It also helps you manage costs and risks in your component supply chain with granular data to assist with planning and procurement. In addition, you can leverage our design win information to optimize your engineering designs. Explore our comprehensive Product Manufacturer products today. Learn More Related Case Studies How a Leading Wireless Audio Developer Used TechInsights to Streamline Procurement, Drive Innovation, and Gain a Competitive Edge Using TechInsights Market Intelligence to Increase Battery Sales and New Logo Sales How TechInsights’ Compute and Advanced Packaging Drove First-Mover Advantage in the Data Center Market A Single Product for Cradle-to-Gate Sustainability Insights Keep up with the latest developments, trends, and forecasts for semiconductor sustainability. TechInsights on Sustainability helps you stay informed with expert analysis from TechInsights subject matter experts and unique content tailored to addressing the challenges of environmental stewardship in the industry. EcoInsights is the ultimate solution for semiconductor companies committed to reducing their environmental impact. With the ability to calculate the carbon footprint of over 30,000 integrated circuits (ICs) with cradle-to-gate transparency, EcoInsights provides deep insights into emissions from die manufacturing, packaging, and transportation. By pinpointing key areas for improvement, companies can make informed decisions to lower carbon emissions and enhance sustainability. Learn More About Sustainability AI's Advancements Spur Surge in Demand for Cutting-Edge Semiconductors As AI reaches a tipping point—competing with and even replacing human intelligence in specific tasks—the demand for advanced semiconductors is surging. TechInsights provides comprehensive data and unique insights into AI’s role across chips, devices, and its use in both consumer and enterprise sectors. Learn More About AI Generative AI in the Telecom Industry Generative AI is revolutionizing the telecom industry by automating tasks, optimizing networks, and enhancing customer experiences. Read the in-depth report Unlock China’s Tech Market As China continues to play a pivotal role in the global semiconductor and electronics industries, understanding the dynamics of this rapidly evolving market is crucial. TechInsights' specialized China-focused solutions offer in-depth analysis, actionable insights, and comprehensive data to help you navigate this competitive landscape. As China’s semiconductor industry works around Western sanctions, a new era of innovation emerges. Stay informed on China's semiconductor industry as it navigates Western sanctions. Our analysts deliver the latest on market opportunities, product positioning, competitive shifts, and the technical innovations driving progress despite trade restrictions. Don't miss critical insights into this rapidly evolving landscape Demystifying Chiplets: The Future of Chip Design The world of chip design is undergoing a seismic shift with the rise of chiplet technology. But what exactly are chiplets, and why are they causing such a stir? The Future is Chiplet-Based Chiplet technology is poised to revolutionize the semiconductor industry. With its ability to overcome the limitations of traditional SoCs, chiplet-based design promises to propel the future of chip design. The market is booming, with chiplet revenue projected to reach a staggering $236 billion by 2030. Notably, the computing segment will be a key driver. The future of chip design is bright, and chiplets are at the forefront of this revolution. As the technology matures and the ecosystem develops, we can expect a new era of innovation, driven by a "mix-and-match" approach that empowers designers to create truly remarkable products. Discover the full story on chiplets, including their history, applications, and future forecasts, in "Chiplet Market Introduction: Computing". Invaluable Insight from Industry-Recognized SMEs G. Dan Hutcheson Vice Chair, Senior Research Fellow A recognized semiconductor industry authority, awarded SEMI’s 2012 Sales and Marketing Excellence Award for delivering valuable insights through publications and executive interviews. Linda Sui Senior Director A smartphone industry expert with 16+ years of experience, providing global clients with key insights, leading research teams, and managing major consulting projects. Stephen Russell Senior Technical Fellow Specializes in technology life cycle carbon footprints and Scope 3 emissions, with 20 years of semiconductor experience and internationally recognized research contributions. View all Subject Matter Experts Insights to Stay Ahead of the Competition 2026 Outlook Summit Series Don’t just react to the market—lead it. Register Now! Apple iPhone Air Teardown TechInsights Teardown Reveals Apple iPhone Air A3260 Costs 2% More Than Galaxy S25 Edge View the Teardown 5 Expectations for the AI Market in 2026 From datacenter accelerators to 2nm process technology, learn what’s next for AI and the semiconductor industry. Reserve Your Spot The 2026 Roadmap Begins Here Why TechInsights’ Outlook Summit Series Is the Industry’s Most Important Guide to What’s Coming Next Read the eBook Make informed business decisions faster and with greater confidence Start My Free Trial FAQs: Everything You Need to Know About TechInsights Our content informs decision makers and professionals whose successes depend on accurate knowledge of the semiconductor industry – past, present, or future. Why TechInsights? TechInsights is the world’s most trusted source of actionable intelligence for decision makers and professionals whose success depends on knowing what’s happening in the semiconductor and microelectronics industry. Our unique content Platform gives customers quick, easy access to the world’s largest database of up-to-date, constantly evolving market and technology analysis – curated by world-class subject matter experts and backed by unmatched reverse engineering capabilities. Our customers include the world’s largest and most successful technology companies who rely on our primary content to make the most informed business and engineering decisions faster and with greater confidence. How TechInsights helps with Reverse Engineering? We help decision makers in semiconductor, system, financial, and communication service provider companies make better-informed decisions on their product roadmaps with competitive technical intelligence. Our content Platform is the most affordable alternative or option relative to the cost of investing in a world-class internal capability with state the art RE labs, processes, and specialized subject matter experts (high ROI relative to the cost). How TechInsights helps with Market Analysis? Our analysis enables customers/users to validate internal opinions (using well-researched, curated content by world-class subject matter experts). Our technical and market analysis identifies market level disruptive technologies. Our customers get access to continuous, reliable, high value market and technical analysis. Customers get the ability to forecast or predict technical and market events in the semiconductor industry – changes and dollar impacts. How TechInsights helps with Intellectual Property Services? Unmatched breadth of products and manufacturers included in our analysis – no other competitor operates at our scale with the ability to look inside microelectronic and semiconductor devices across as many products and manufacturers and reveal clearly what’s inside, how it works and what it means. What emission types should the semiconductor manufacturing industry be focused on reducing? The key emissions elements to be addressed include: Breakdown of Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions from die manufacturing. Comparison of carbon emissions based on: Purchased electricity On-site fossil fuel usage Process gas usage and abatement efforts, including data on PFAS chemicals Water consumption Historical and future emission scenarios for informed decision-making Is TechInsights Platform the world’s largest research library of semiconductor and market analysis? Over 30 years of reverse engineering (RE) and revealing innovation – and creating insightful, actionable content if an innovation is confirmed in the semiconductor and microelectronics industry. We do more teardowns and proactive analysis on the broadest range of high-volume electronics products than any other company in the world. No other competitor operates at our scale with the ability to look inside microelectronic and semiconductor devices across as many products and manufacturers and reveal clearly what’s inside, how it works and what it means. Our Platform uniquely informs the industry from a technology innovation and market forecast standpoint. Together these enable informed technology related decisions – where to invest, when to invest, what to invest in, and why. Our customers include the largest and most successful technology companies in the world to make strategic business and engineering decisions often involving billions of dollars. Can I access expert commentary through the TechInsights Platform? TechInsights is the most trusted and authoritative source of actionable intelligence related to semiconductor innovation and used by businesses, organizations, or professionals whose success depends on knowing what is happening in the semiconductor space. Our platform provides fast access to in-depth, accurate, contextualized analysis of the latest technology – in one convenient place from a trusted source. How can TechInsights help to make informed business decisions faster and with greater confidence? Our information Platform provides fast, easy, and selective access to actionable intelligence from one of the largest repositories of constantly evolving real-time market and technical analysis by SMEs (exclusively available from TechInsights) for the microelectronics and semiconductor industry in the world. How does TechInsights provide more value to industry professionals through the Platform? Customers get business and engineering insights unavailable anywhere else, to validate internal opinions, support confident strategic decisions – often involving billions of dollars – while mitigating substantial risks. We’ve expanded beyond IP and engineering departments – our unique content/data/technology analysis supports business planning and a wide range of businesses decisions by executives and their teams: Strategy, product planning, market expansion, risk assessment, market analysis, better investment decisions (where to invest, what to invest in, and why) Invaluable for benchmarking competitor’s products, identifying trends in the marketplace, identifying disruptive technologies, confirming design decisions, supporting better investment decisions, etc. The Authoritative Information Platform to the Semiconductor Industry. Discover why TechInsights stands as the semiconductor industry's most trusted source for actionable, in-depth intelligence. About TechInsights Who We Are About Us Investments Careers Community Involvement Our Experts Key Topics Sustainability Artificial Intelligence Chinese Developments Chiplets Capabilities Reverse Engineering Market Analysis Cost Analysis Intellectual Property Services Get in Touch Contact Contact Us Office Locations Sales Inquiry Media Relations Latest Insights Resources Blogs Webinars Featured Reports Podcasts Case Studies 1-877-826-4447 1891 Robertson Rd #500, Nepean, ON K2H 5B7 Copyright © 2025 TechInsights Inc. All rights reserved. Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Conflict of Interest & Confidential Information | Ethics & Compliance