Building the World’s Most Powerful Network for Founders | Techstars startups investors partners locations verticals about Apply Now Techstars Helps Founders Succeed Join the Techstars accelerator that's right for you. Find a Program Investment Terms 1,300+ Mentors $127.7B Portfolio Market Cap 22 $1B+ Companies Techstars helps founders scale their startups into world-changing businesses. Learn More We Help You Succeed Techstars provides founders with a 3-month, mentorship-driven accelerator program, a capital investment, and access to the Techstars network. Startups Accelerated Techstars has invested in companies from just about every tech-related vertical, including companies like SendGrid, DigitalOcean, PillPack, and more 117 Techstars accelerator companies have a market cap greater than $100M Founders Supported Techstars lives Give First — a philosophy of helping anyone, especially entrepreneurs, without any expectation of getting something back Techstars has mentors worldwide supporting 10,800+ founders Capital Raised 74% of Techstars companies raise capital within the first three years $30.4B is the total lifetime raised by Techstars accelerator companies $1M+ is the average first raise post-program You'll Be in Good Company View the full Techstars portfolio We Help Founders at Any Level We believe that while people and ideas are equally distributed, opportunity and resources are not. That’s why we are committed to increasing access to entrepreneurship — all over the world. Techstars Founder Catalyst Founder Catalyst is a 10-week, pre-accelerator program that provides participants with the training, tools, mentorship, and network to prepare them for the next level. Learn more Techstars Startup Weekend Startup Weekend is a three-day program where aspiring entrepreneurs can experience startup life by learning the ins and outs of launching their own startup. Learn more Techstars Startup Week Startup Week is a celebration of entrepreneurship in your city, featuring dozens of sessions, an opening ceremony, keynote speakers, pitch competitions, and more. Learn more "I would say to anyone who is thinking about Techstars, the power of the network can't be understated. It's by far the one single thing that stands out across all accelerators. The ability to really connect with people who make a big difference.  By the end of the program, you're Techstars for life." Constantine Tsang Co-founder & CTO of Uncanny Join Our Worldwide Network Since 2006, Techstars has been on a mission to help entrepreneurs succeed. We do this by operating accelerator programs and venture capital funds, and by helping build thriving startup communities around the world. Mentors Mentors are an essential part of our culture. By freely sharing their wisdom and guidance, they impact the entire network and create real, lasting relationships. Techstars mentors come from top companies like Google, Nike, Amazon, Aetna , ESPN, Coca-Cola , and more. Meet our mentors Partners Whether you’re looking to build your local startup community, interact with the world’s top startups, or invest in startups that are making an impact in your industry, Techstars offers a variety of ways to engage with our network that align with your business goals. Partner with us Investors Techstars is a leading pre-seed venture capital firm, investing in a diverse, global pool of entrepreneurs and high-growth companies. Since our first accelerator launched in 2007, Techstars has supported founders and delivered strong and consistent returns to investors . Invest in the future Find the Latest From Techstars resources education blog newsroom newsletter events faq contact information for startups finding an accelerator finding a mentor becoming a mentor partners investors initiatives techstars universe techstars foundation rising stars diversity, equity & inclusion guidelines code of conduct brand guidelines © techstars 2025 | privacy policy | terms of use | manage cookies