Tech Community | Hackathons & Coding Practices | TechGig Tech Community | Hackathons & Coding Practices | TechGig JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use TechGig. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Please verify your internet connection and retry × The Browser we detected is unsupported and may result in unexpected behaviour. Please select an updated version for best experience. Hi Guest Profile Completeness 0% Compete Hiring Challenge Prize Challenge Code Gladiators Geek Goddess Learn Webinars Podcasts Expert Insights Practice Leaders' Circle Grow TG Pro Profile Skill Certification Jobs Communities Skills Communities Company Community Startup Community Campus Communities Discussion News Latest News Top News Visual Stories Leader's Speak For Business Login/SignUp × × × Sorry, You don't have enough Tech Quotient to apply for this job. Please participate in the Skill test for skills given below in order to earn Tech Quotient and then apply again. × Profile Completion 0% Profile Section Weight 1000+ of your batch mates have registered on TechGig. Import your profile now and reunite! Email ID Create a Password Apart from Alphabets and Numbers Only allowed special chars are _!$@#^& . Min 6 and Max 16 chars! USE MY EXTERNAL PROFILE DATA One click Registration To make it easier for you, your details will be used to register you on TechGig. Proceed One click Registration To make it easier for you, your TimesJobs details will be used to register you on TechGig. Proceed Choose Logout Option From Current Browser/ Device Only Complete Logout from all Browsers/ Devices Continue Learn, Compete & Grow with the TechGig Community A platform for tech enthusiasts to upskill, compete, and connect with top tech companies Hiring Challenges by Tech Companies Daily Prizing Challenges Mega Hackathons Weekly Coding Contests Techgig Leader's Circle START YOUR JOURNEY WHAT'S ON TECHGIG, FOR YOU SKILL CERTIFICATIONS At TechGig, we offer over 20+ skills to empower your projects and career growth. Know more CHALLENGES TechGig: Where hiring challenges, hackathons, and coding events fuel innovation. Know more TG PRO (CREATE TECH PROFILE) Build a profile that spotlights your skills and open doors to endless opportunities! Know more WEBINARS Engage with Experts: Webinars, Podcasts, and Rapid Fire Sessions! Know more NEWS Stay Updated: Latest Tech News and Trends at Your Fingertips! Know more PRACTICE Discover Your Next Career Move: Explore Top Job Opportunities! Know more WHAT'S ON TECHGIG, FOR YOU SKILL CERTIFICATIONS At TechGig, we offer over 20+ skills to empower your projects and career growth. Know more CHALLENGES TechGig: Where hiring challenges, hackathons, and coding events fuel innovation. Know more TG PRO (CREATE TECH PROFILE) Build a profile that spotlights your skills and open doors to endless opportunities! Know more WEBINARS Engage with Experts: Webinars, Podcasts, and Rapid Fire Sessions! Know more NEWS Stay Updated: Latest Tech News and Trends at Your Fingertips! Know more PRACTICE Discover Your Next Career Move: Explore Top Job Opportunities! Know more Why Join Techgig? Revolutionize Your Tech Career Learn Stay ahead of the curve with courses and webinars from industry experts Upskill Earn certifications & industry-relevant skills Compete Participate in Coding Challenges & Hackathons to test your skills and win prizes Grow Network with tech leaders and job opportunities with top companies Join Future-Ready Tech Communities Connect with professionals in your field, engage with trending tech topics, and enhance your skills in areas that interests you AI Cloud Computing Data Science Dev Ops Web 3.0 EXPLORE MORE COMMUNITIES TechGig Leaders' Circle An exclusive invite-only program that connects leading tech experts with the developer community to encourage mentorship, share knowledge, and drive professional growth. KNOW MORE 5.6M+ Registered Tech Professionals 1M+ Skill Certificates Awarded ₹ 0 M+ Prizes Distributed 16 K+ Jobs facilitated Our Leading Partners TechGig has partnered with top industry giants including TCS, Google, Wipro, Cognizant, Accenture, Microsoft, Salesforce and many more top names over the years to drive innovation and excellence in technology. Compete to showcase your skills and win with Hiring and Prize Challenges! Join top developers in hackathons and hiring challenges, where you can test your skills and land your dream job on a platform built to advance your career. 3.8 million+ Participations 0 million+ Code Compilations Hiring Challenges Showcase your talent and secure top tech jobs with our exclusive Hiring Contests! 1+ Hiring Challenges Live CTF Contest Test 29 Dec Know more 3.8 million+ Participations 0 million+ Code Compilations Prize Challenges Compete, Code, and Win Big: Cash rewards and goodies in every Hackathon! 11+ Prize Challenges Live Prime Code Champ C++ Advanced STL Contest PHP File and Data Handling C# Advanced OOPs Concepts HTML5 Advanced Topics Javascript Conditional Logics SQL Joins Challenges C Language Array and Strings Go Advanced Control Flow Advanced Python Quest Swift Error and Exception Handling Know more Learning focused on your goals TechGig accelerates your professional growth by providing you with a comprehensive suite of essential skills, advanced technical expertise, and unparalleled opportunities to thrive in the ever-evolving tech landscape. Webinars Expand your knowledge and skills with our expert-led masterclasses. Watch now Podcasts Stay motivated with insightful tech discussions through podcasts. Tune-in here Expert Insights Stay informed with opinions and insights of industry experts. Know more Practice Master your programming skills with hands-on practice sessions. Start now Create your tech profile with TG Pro Why You Need Tech Profile? Showcase your true potential AI-evaluated skill quotient Easy sharing for better visibility ATS-friendly portfolio Choose your skills to start Coding Java Script UI/UX SQL Big Data Artificial Intelligence Networking Software Testing Docker Others CREATE PROFILE Get Certified with TechGig Skills Stay ahead of competition with industry-recognised certifications. Stand out to employers and increase earning potential. Explore top certifications like Artificial Intelligence, Google Cloud, Python and PMP. 1M + Certifications Distributed The Java skill certificate from TechGig turned me from a novice programmer to an expert in Java. And I have successfully secured a cool job in my dream company. Rajesh Kumar, Java Developer AI is the most in-demand skill and an essential element in one's resume. The AI certification from TechGig helped me get the high-paying job I deserved. Palak Joshi, AI Engineer I am greatful to TechGig for such wonderful certification in Big Data. Today, I am a proud Data Scientist at a renowned tech firm. Suraj kumar, Data Scientist The AngularJS certification earned from TechGig helped me raise my salary bar in current organization and also, job offers started pouring in from top tech giants. Shubham Aggarwal, AngularJS Developer The NodeJS certification from TechGig not only boosted my confidence and employability but also helped me develop new skills to stand out of crowd of software developers. Rachna Sharma, NodeJS Developer GET CERTIFIED Tech Professionals who found their perfect jobs. Explore a variety of exciting opportunities that match your skills and goals to find the perfect job that helps you grow professionally. 0 + Jobs Delivered Lead Java Developer Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 5-12 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills Java, Springboot Posted on: 23 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Data Analytics Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 0-6 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills Python, SQL, powerbi Posted on: 23 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Java Developer Pune Exp. 1-2 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills Java, springboot Posted on: 19 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Email Marketing Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 0-3 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills email marketing Posted on: 16 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Sr. Developer - Android (Kotlin) Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 0-6 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills Kotlin, Java, Android Posted on: 05 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Sr. Tech Lead Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 0-9 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills team handling, Development, deployment,... Posted on: 05 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Tech Trainee - Kotlin and Android Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 0-1 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills Kotlin, Android SDK, REST APIs Posted on: 03 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW Tech Trainee - DevOps Gurugram/Gurgaon Exp. 0-1 Yrs CTC Best in Industry Skills Knowledge of Linux, Unix administration... Posted on: 03 Dec, 2025 APPLY NOW VIEW ALL JOBS Stay apprised of the latest industry news Get acquainted with the current affairs of the latest industry developments. Stay updated on hiring trends, upskilling opportunities, gadgets, and technology news, along with career advice, expert insights, and exclusive interviews with seasoned professionals. Explore all Latest News Catch the latest buzz in the ever-evolving tech world with trending news and updates. Read all Top News Discover the most crucial headlines shaping the global tech landscape. Read more Visual Stories Engage with quick, captivating visual stories on top tech events and trends. View all Leader's Speak Get insights via exclusive interactions with renowned industry experts. Explore all Jobs: PHP Developer Jobs | Java Developer Jobs | Oracle DBA Jobs | Network Engineer Jobs | Linux Administrator Jobs | Web Designer Jobs | SQL Server DBA Jobs | All Designation | Jobs In Delhi | Jobs In Mumbai | Jobs In Chennai | Jobs In Gurgaon | Jobs In Bangalore | Jobs In Noida | Jobs In Hyderabad | All Cities Follow Skill Pages: Java | Android | Big Data | C# Programming | Cloud computing | Project Management | Software Testing | All Skill Pages Skill Test: Java Test | .Net Test | C Test | HTML Test | Javascript Test Problem/ Tutorial: Java Problems | Python Problems | C++ Problems | Regex Problems | Data Structure Tutorial | Programming Tutorials News Widgets: Latest News | Top Tech News | Technology News | Hiring News | Internet News | Gadgets News | Mobile Technologies News | Startups News | Social Media News | It-Security News | Ecommerce News | Leadership News Follow us on COMPANY About Us Contact Us In The Press Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Awards Terms & Conditions Join Our Team FOR TECH COMMUNITY Create Your Tech Profile Tech Challenges Assess Your Skills Practice Problems Code Gladiators Geek Goddess Get Hired Interact with IT Industry Experts Bug Bounty Program Read Top Tech Updates Campus Ambassadors Know About Top Companies Code Memo Coding Environment How To Write Your Code Create Your Problem Become Skill Expert For Business HIRING SOLUTIONS Challenges Talent Assessment ANNUAL EVENTS Code Gladiators Geek Goddess MARKETING SOLUTIONS Webinars Digital Assets Brand Inventories BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Hackathons Subscribe To Our Newsletter Thank You! You will start receiving TechGig newsletter from tomorrow. Incorrect email. Please enter the correct email. Error During Subscription. Please try again. Please provide an email first!. Copyright © TechGig (A Product of CoolBoots Media Private Limited) 2025. Forgot Password Please enter your email to reset your password Please provide valid email ID! × Reset Password Please provide Your password Invalid password! Please follow institutions! Update Password Customize TechGig Save your time. Get all your tech needs at one place Get news, code challenges skill tests, webinars, jobs as per your skills. You can get a privilege to add webinar, blogs & news of yours. Save Time. All the tech related needs at one place. Subscribe To Our Newsletter By subscribing, You agree to our T&Cs and Privacy Policy . You will start getting newsletters from tomorrow. You must agree to Terms and Conditions of the Techgig.com Re-Authenticate Login Forgot Password? Set Password It seems you haven't set a password for your TechGig profile. You need to set the password to proceed. Set Password × × Sign up to Participate in Challenge Email Password Autocomplete Your Profile Sign Up Existing User? Login With Email Not Registered? Sign Up We use cookies on our website to provide you with a more personalized digital experience. To learn more about how we use cookies and how you can change your cookie settings, please refer to our Cookie Policy and Terms and Conditions . Accept Cookie Policy Sign in to unlock TechGig features Learn through hands on Coding Practice sessions Attend interactive Webinars from Industry Experts Compete in Challenges and Events Showcase your AI generated Tech Resume