Teer Results

We provide Shillong Teer results, Khanapara Teer results, Juwai Teer results online

HOME
COMMON NUMBERS
LUCKY NUMBERS
DREAM NUMBERS
PREVIOUS RESULTS
TEER FORMULA
CONTACT
Welcome to Teer Results website
Oldest ever website providing Shillong Teer results, Khanapara Teer results and Juwai Teer results online.

Have you checked our Common Numbers?

Shillong Teer results, Khanapara Teer results, Juwai Teer results, Night Teer results are provided online here.

We update Shillong Teer results fastest of all and even before declared on the Polo Game board.

 

 

 

 

 

29-12-2025
Please use the hashtag in your social media posts #JusticeForKarbiPeople.

 

 

 

 

Shillong Teer Results

Khanapara Teer Results

Juwai Teer Results

Night Teer Results

 

 

 

 

Investing in cryptocurrencies can bring bring significant profits.

There is a wide range of cryptocurrencies available, from Bitcoin and Ethereum to altcoins such as Litecoin and Ripple.

Never go for online jobs in LinkedIn. LinkedIn is not giving you any jobs.

 

 

Juwai Teer Result

Juwai Teer is a archery game run by Club Juwai. People who buy tickets for the Juwai Teer game can check the common number for the first and second rounds in our common numbers page. Winners are decided on the basis of the number of arrows shot in a particular round.

Shillong Teer results often pulled from Juwai result.

 

Always watch Juwai Teer results, as Shillong Teer and Khanapara Teer results are based and calculated on the results of Juwai Teer results.

 

Often Shillong Teer results or Khanapara Teer results are straightly pulled of Juwai Teer results. Sometimes, Khanapara Teer and Shillong Teer results are calculated on the same day's Juwai Teer results.

Juwai Teer
FR (01:45PM)	SR (02:30PM)
64	30

 

 



Shillong Teer Result

Shillong Teer is a tradtional archery game played in Shillong, Meghalaya. Shillong Teer is now popular in India, Bangladesh, England and even in the United States of America also.

 

The game is played daily from Monday to Saturday at the Polo Ground of Shillong central. The coupons are available every day from 6 am to 15 minutes before the starting of the game. except on Local holidays, 1st January, 26th January, 15th August and Christian holidays.

 

 

We update Shillong Teer results faster than it's declared on the result board, so that you need not to waste your mobile data on any streaming YouTube video for results.

Shillong Teer
FR (03:30PM)	SR (04:22PM)
97	22
Shillong Teer results are updated per availability and internet connectivity.

 

 

 



Khanapara Teer Result

Khanapara Teer results are declared in two rounds of the game. Khanapara Teer game is a legal game based on archery held in the Meghalaya border, East Khanapara of RiBhoi district.

 

Khanapara teer game is organised by the club ThemMarwet, a group of 12 archery clubs from specific locality, at Themmarwet near East Khanapara, Meghalaya.

 

It is mandatory to observe Juwai Teer result, because Khanapara Teer results are also culculated on or pulled off from Juwai Teer results. Even previous Juwai Teer results are proven reflection of Khanapara Teer results.

Khanapara Teer
FR (03:44PM)	SR (04:15PM)
39	68
Khanapara Teer Result time may vary from day to day.

 

 

 



Night Teer Result

Night Teer is a virtual teer game. The Night Teer  Result for First Round and Second Round daily at 7:15 pm and 8:00 pm respectively. The result is announced in a two-digit number.

 

Some websites use to publish some unreal Night Teer results claiming as played at midnight, but there is only one Night Teer that you find here and it's not related to Khasi Hills Archery Sports Club.

 

Night Teer is yet to be authorized by the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Club.

Night Teer Result

FR (08:15PM)	SR (09:00PM)
72	67
COMMON NUMBERS

 

What is Teer Common Number? - Teer Common Numbers are based on some calculations of previous teer result and target. Check our Teer Common Numbers daily. We provide Teer Common Numbers for Shillong Teer Number and Khanapara Teer Number in separate charts.

PREVIOUS RESULTS

What is Previous Teer results? - Previous Teer Results are always important for regular Teer game players. A regular Teer player must have the record of previous teer results. Check Previous Teer Results at our website.

DREAM NUMBERS

TEER players often use to check for Numbers that their dream says. Your DREAM may have the TEER Target number. Check your DREAM NUMBERS at our website. You should know how to play with Dream Numbers.

TEER FORMULA

What is Teer Formula? - There is no MAKING NUMBER in teer game. TEER NUMBERS are based on mathematical FORMULA. You can find tips and idea about the Teer Formula at our website. We use to keep updated Teer Formula on regular Basis.

Privacy Policy | ToU