Tehran Times About us Membership Contact us Wed December 31, 2025 Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture International Multimedia Tourism 2025-12-30 21:48 By Soheila Zarfam Failure in June, rhetoric in December Senior Iranian officials respond to Monday’s remarks by Trump and Netanyahu with warnings of consequences beyond expectation TEHRAN – The constant glare of Western rhetoric does not leave Iran alone. For decades, the country has faced repeated threats of military strikes, claims about its nuclear ambitions, and warnings designed to keep the nation under pressure—both domestically and internationally. ‘No red lines if Israel strikes again’, warns IRGC spokesman Iran will not bow to bullying and arrogance: Pezeshkian All Pages Archive By Faramarz Kouhpayeh Manufacturing chaos: How Western and Israeli actors seek to hijack Iran's peaceful protests TEHRAN – Protests are a natural and fundamental part of any society whose citizens care about their future and believe they can influence it. They are not a sign of systemic failure, but an indicator of civic health and the practice of free speech, assembly, and association. For Western states, their media, and their politicians, all of this holds true—except when the protests occur in Iran. By staff writer Saudi ‘red line’ and UAE’s adventurism in Yemen TEHRAN – Saudi Arabia has framed its national security as a “red line,” warning it will act decisively against any foreign military support for separatist groups in Yemen. By Sondoss Al Asaad Detention of Jordanian journalist Mohammad Faraj and erosion of free expression BEIRUT—As 2025 draws to a close, the continued detention of Jordanian journalist and political writer Mohammad Faraj remains unresolved and deeply troubling. Presidents of Iran and Russia discuss advancing bilateral relations TEHRAN – The presidents of Iran and Russia held a phone conversation on Tuesday to discuss the current state of bilateral relations and the progress of their joint agreements. Our restraint should not be misread as weakness, Iran FM writes in The Guardian TEHRAN – Iranian Foreign Minister has warned that the country’s restraint during recent war with Israel should not be interpreted as weakness or assumed to be unlimited, highlighting the high cost of Israeli provocations for the United States and the region. Interview Iran's path to orbit Sanctions intended for nuclear pressure instead fuel human suffering in Iran: Stanford researcher Khuzestan must build an economy beyond oil: head of Ahvaz chamber of commerce Picture of the day 10th National Toy Festival to open in Tehran Opinion US standing against global will for Palestinian state Trump’s psychological warfare over Venezuela’s skies OP-ED The Unites States of extreme folly is a fact? Politics Iran blacklists Royal Canadian Navy as ‘terror organization’ TEHRAN – Iran has officially designated the Royal Canadian Navy as a terrorist organization, responding to Canada’s “illegal decision” last year to target part of the Iranian Armed Forces. ‘Illegal and coercive’, FM Araghchi condemns US actions against Venezuela TEHRAN – Iranian Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi has reiterated Tehran’s firm opposition to any action that threatens Venezuela’s sovereignty or territorial integrity, saying he is confident the country will safeguard its independence in the face of external pressure. Tehran reiterates respect for Lebanon’s independence, says ambassador TEHRAN – Iran’s Ambassador to Beirut Mojtaba Amani has reviewed developments in Lebanon and the region in separate meetings with the Lebanese defense minister and the commander of the Lebanese Army. Sports Esteghlal, Sepahan learn fate at 2025/26 ACL Two knockout stage TEHRAN – Iranian football clubs Esteghlal and Sepahan discovered their challengers following the conclusion of the AFC Champions League Two 2025/26 Knockout Stage Draw on Tuesday. Ricardo Sa Pinto to remain Esteghlal head coach TEHRAN - Ricardo Sa Pinto will remain as head coach of Esteghlal after the club’s board of directors decided to give the Portuguese manager more time despite recent poor results. Tractor, Malavan share the spoils in 2025/26 PGPL TEHRAN – Tractor and Malavan shared the spoils in a goalless draw in Matchweek 15 of the 2025/26 Iran Persian Gulf Professional League (PGPL) on Tuesday. Culture 10th National Toy Festival to open in Tehran TEHRAN- The 10th edition of the National Toy Festival is set to open on Wednesday evening, dedicating space for Iranian-made toys and the promotion of a culture of play, with free access for the public, Hamed Alamati, director of the Iran's Institute for Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults (IIDCYA)has announced. Barbican Cinema in London to show masterpieces of Iranian New Wave TEHRAN – Barbican Cinema in London will host the program “Masterpieces of Iranian New Wave” from February 4 to 26, 2026. Tehran cultural center to review “Train Dreams” TEHRAN- “Train Dreams”, a 2025 drama movie by American filmmaker Clint Bentley, will be reviewed at the Arasbaran Cultural Center in Tehran on Wednesday evening. Economy Over 2,000 industrial units go online, creating more than 27,000 direct jobs TEHRAN – Iran put more than 2,100 industrial units into operation in the first nine months of the current Iranian year (March 21- December 21), creating over 27,000 direct jobs and more than 50,000 indirect positions nationwide, a senior industry official said. South Pars refineries produce over 174m barrels of condensate in 9 months TEHRAN – Gas processing plants at South Pars produced more than 174 million barrels of gas condensate in the first nine months of the current Iranian calendar year (March 21-December 21), reinforcing feedstock supplies for downstream facilities and supporting energy security, the head of the South Pars Gas Complex (SPGC) said. Irrigation equipment exports reach $100m in 8 months TEHRAN – Iran exported about $100 million worth of irrigation equipment in the first eight months of the current Iranian calendar year (March 21-November 21), the deputy head of the Agriculture Ministry’s water and soil department said. Society Iran second most active country in ‘100 Hours of Astronomy’ TEHRAN – Recording more than 30 astronomy events, Iran is the second most active participant in the 100 Hours of Astronomy, an event run annually by the International Astronomical Union to encourage people from all over the world to unite under one sky. Razi festival honors top researchers in medical sciences TEHRAN – The 31st Razi research festival on medical sciences honored top researchers and technology experts in the health sector, with ministers of science and health in attendance. IRCS, UNICEF boost ties to provide psychosocial support for children TEHRAN – The Iranian Red Crescent Society (IRCS) and the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) have enhanced cooperation to provide psychosocial support for children during emergencies. Tourism Experimental archaeology at Masuleh: Medieval Iron smelting technology reconstructed TEHRAN - An interdisciplinary research team has successfully reconstructed a medieval iron smelting and casting complex at the Old Masuleh historical site in northern Iran, revealing advanced metallurgical expertise in the region. Iranian artisans to showcase handicrafts at Muscat Nights TEHRAN – A group of Iranian artisans will present a wide range of traditional handicrafts and visual arts at Muscat Nights 2026, a month-long cultural festival to be held in the Omani capital from Jan. 1 to Jan. 31, organizers said. Iran overcomes tourism recession faster than many countries TEHRAN— Iran has been able to overcome the tourism recession faster than many countries in a few months after the 12-day Israeli war against the Islamic Republic of Iran. International Saudi ‘red line’ and UAE’s adventurism in Yemen TEHRAN – Saudi Arabia has framed its national security as a “red line,” warning it will act decisively against any foreign military support for separatist groups in Yemen. Detention of Jordanian journalist Mohammad Faraj and erosion of free expression BEIRUT—As 2025 draws to a close, the continued detention of Jordanian journalist and political writer Mohammad Faraj remains unresolved and deeply troubling. Six countries, three seas, one voracious war machine TEHRAN – In 2025, Israel acted as a borderless war machine, unleashing over 10,631 military attacks across six nations—Palestine, Lebanon, Syria, Iran, Yemen, and Qatar—while extending its brutality to maritime terrorism against aid ships in the waters of Malta, Greece, and Tunisia. Video Comment Exclusive: Weizmann, six months later Ayatollah Khamenei’s vision of freedom and humanity discussed in intl. conference Iran hosts SCO joint anti-terror drills Holy Mary Metro Station marks interfaith unity in Tehran Academics analyze social dimensions of Resistance in Tehran conference Most Viewed Weizmann still in Iran's sights: eyes after missiles Six countries, three seas, one voracious war machine Yemen and mirage of Somaliland: Sovereignty, deterrence, and battle over the Red Sea If Iran had sought nuclear arms, Trump ‘gave the best pretext through war’: Zarif Manufacturing chaos: How Western and Israeli actors seek to hijack Iran's peaceful protests Al-Houthi’s warning: A red line for Israel in Somaliland Russia says Tehran showing 'maximum restraint' despite western provocations Araghchi urges regional cooperation on Yemen in calls with UAE, Saudi Arabia Tehran hosts conference to honor martyred general Soleimani The masked voice lives on: Abu Obaida and Gaza’s unyielding resistance Talks with US ‘not realistic’ without respect for norms, says foreign ministry Top female entrepreneurs honored Failure in June, rhetoric in December Iran's private sector eyes technical, engineering co-op with Indonesia Saudi ‘red line’ and UAE’s adventurism in Yemen Multimedia Photo Tehran holds cycling race to promote clean transportation Life under displacement in Gaza: A firsthand visual testimony from Rafah and Deir al-Balah Painting on the news: Iranian artist turns newspapers into art Tehran ceremony honors scientific achievers of Islamic Iran Tehran honors mothers of martyrs in solemn ceremony Video Exclusive: Weizmann, six months later Leader's Christmas visits Iran space chief talks history of industry, future goals and aspirations Desktop version Mobile version Top About us Membership Contact us Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture International Multimedia Tourism All Content by Mehr News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Developed by: Nastooh Designed by: Pixel Studio