Peer-to-Peer Content Delivery for OTT Video Streaming (P2P CDN) USE CASES PRICING HOW IT WORKS BLOG DOCS Log in Sign up USE CASES PRICING HOW IT WORKS BLOG DOCS I am ready for a long road flight for working with a week- or months-long projects. Log in Sign up Online TV Sport Broadcast OTT Solution Provider The future of content delivery for OTT video streaming Distributed video delivery solution for OTT media helping them stream to the unlimited number of concurrent viewers with the highest video quality at the lowest cost Try for free Contact us Discover unlimited video delivery with Teleport Media How it works Scale to millions of viewers Unlike traditional CDNs, which always have a limited number of servers, Teleport Media P2P CDN scales in align with the audience growth. Be sure your streaming website and application will handle audience spikes of any size, even unexpected and record-breaking ones. Grow your streaming business with Teleport Media Provide best quality for every viewer We help you keep consistently high quality, no matter how many viewers are watching your video. Get rid of rebuffering and playback failures to make your viewers happy. Outperform your competitors by introducing higher bitrates with zero investments in your existing CDN. Protect your content against piracy The video that is streamed through Teleport Media is secured against illegal re-streaming with a combination of DRM, encryption, forensic watermarks and unique patented serverless CAS. Now you can maximize your profits from the premium content. Save your content delivery budget We bring the majority of video traffic into peer-to-peer network, decreasing the load on in-house CDN so it can serve 5x times larger audience with the same amount of servers and bandwidth. It also decreases traffic flow from external CDN, so Teleport Media saves up to 50% of CDN budget. Teleport Media Resource Hub Get closer look at what Teleport Media destributed delivery solution is and how it helps OTT business today Teleport Media news & events {"0":{"lid":"1646288665024","ls":"10","loff":"","li_type":"em","li_name":"email","li_ph":"E-mail","li_req":"y","li_nm":"email"}} We will send a digest once a month. By clicking the "Subscribe" button, you agree to the Privacy Policy . Video Bitmovin x Teleport Media: How to provide better visual quality & decrease costs by half View more Online TV case How to transform the quantity into quality and decrease buffering 50% View more White paper Five scenarios of protection against stream swapping and unauthorized use in P2P CDN View more Case study Improved delivery with the architectural approach during EURO 2020 View more Let's talk video delivery! We will help Book a consultation with our online video expert Leave your connection request Please fill out the form and one of our representatives will be in touch with you Submit This site and your data are protected by Privacy Policy and Сookie Policy apply. Portfolio company of Blockchain Valley Ventures © 2023 Teleport Global AG. All rights reserved. c/o eMBe Finanz GmbH, Bahnhofstrasse 20, 6300 Zug, Switzerland sales@teleport.media USE CASES Online TV PRICING HOW IT WORKS Documentation BLOG Sport Broadcast OTT Solution Provider Legal