Telenav Connected Car Solutions for Navigation, Entertainment and Commerce TELENAV Connected cars made smarter & safer Products VIVID NAV VIVID IVI VIVID COMMERCE Company About us Culture Careers Contact Corporate Governance news & awards Press Releases Media Events Resources Product Resources Blog request a demo 1 1 This is some text inside of a div block. Reimagining life on the go Delivering delightful driving experiences for our digital life. This is some text inside of a div block. August 30, 2022 Telenav Ranks #1 Among Navigation Suppliers in North America Read More This is some text inside of a div block. September 15, 2022 Mazda Selects Telenav as Navigation Partner in Europe, Australia, And New Zealand Read More This is some text inside of a div block. March 15, 2021 Telenav helps Chinese auto manufacturer SAIC expand to markets outside China Read More This is some text inside of a div block. January 11, 2021 Telenav to provide EV navigation for Xpeng’s European customers Read More Share Fb Tw In Scroll down What we offer VIVID NAV Make driving safe and enjoyable with best-in-class navigation and location-based services for precise and personalized driving experiences whether it is a daily commute, a weekend getaway, or adventures off the beaten path. Read More WhaT we offer VIVID IVI Build a lasting digital relationship with your customers. Everything your customers need to enhance their driving experience – directions, entertainment, car controls, calendar, phone, commerce - are just a simple touch or voice command away. Read More What we offer VIVID Commerce Give customers a safe and personalized way to find and pay for things on-the-go. A cup of coffee, a fill-up, a parking spot or dinner on the way home. It’s all right there. VIVID Commerce provides a voice-assisted experience that’s tightly integrated with in-car navigation and the rest of the IVI. Read More Get in Touch WORLD-CLASS ‍ CUSTOMERS CHOOSE ‍ TELENAV We collaborate with our partners to bring innovative, award-winning solutions to market. Starting with customer needs, we work together to develop and deploy connected car services that add lasting value to our partners’ brands. Daimler. FCA. FORD. GM. Lexus. Opel. Saic. Toyota. xpeng. In Tw Fb about us Get in Touch Career Opportunities LEGAL Information Product Resources Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2025 Telenav Inc . All rights reserved. Cookie Settings We use cookies to provide you with the best possible online experience, to analyze on a statistical level how our website is being used or for marketing purposes. You can click "Accept All Cookies" and agree to store and use cookies on your device. You can also configure or reject all non-essential cookies by clicking "Manage Settings" or "Deny." The consent settings can be modified at any time on the website. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please see our Cookie Policy. Accept all Deny Manage settings Preferences Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Cookie Policy Accept all cookies Essential These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Always active Analytics These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. Advertising These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.