To main content
	
USE CASESPRICINGHOW IT WORKSBLOGDOCS
	
Log in
	
Sign up
	
The future of content delivery for OTT video streaming
Distributed video delivery solution for OTT media helping them stream to the unlimited number of concurrent viewers with the highest video quality at the lowest cost
Try for free
Contact us
Discover unlimited video delivery with Teleport Media
How it works
Scale to millions of viewers

Unlike traditional CDNs, which always have a limited number of servers, Teleport Media P2P CDN scales in align with the audience growth. Be sure your streaming website and application will handle audience spikes of any size, even unexpected and record-breaking ones.
Grow your streaming business with Teleport Media
Provide best quality for every viewer

We help you keep consistently high quality, no matter how many viewers are watching your video. Get rid of rebuffering and playback failures to make your viewers happy. Outperform your competitors by introducing higher bitrates with zero investments in your existing CDN.
Protect your content against piracy

The video that is streamed through Teleport Media is secured against illegal re-streaming with a combination of DRM, encryption, forensic watermarks and unique patented serverless CAS. Now you can maximize your profits from the premium content.
Save your content delivery budget

We bring the majority of video traffic into peer-to-peer network, decreasing the load on in-house CDN so it can serve 5x times larger audience with the same amount of servers and bandwidth. It also decreases traffic flow from external CDN, so Teleport Media saves up to 50% of CDN budget.
Teleport Media Resource Hub
Get closer look at what Teleport Media destributed delivery solution is and how it helps OTT business today
Teleport Media news & events
Video
Bitmovin x Teleport Media: How to provide better visual quality & decrease costs by half
View more
Online TV case
How to transform the quantity into quality and decrease buffering 50%
View more
White paper
Five scenarios of protection against stream swapping and unauthorized use in P2P CDN
View more
Case study
Improved delivery with the architectural approach during EURO 2020
View more
Subscribe
We will send a digest once a month. By clicking the "Subscribe" button, you agree to the Privacy Policy.
Let's talk video delivery!
We will help
Book a consultation with our online video expert
Portfolio company of Blockchain Valley Ventures
© 2023 Teleport Global AG. All rights reserved.
c/o eMBe Finanz GmbH, Bahnhofstrasse 20,
6300 Zug, Switzerland
sales@teleport.media
USE CASES

Online TV

PRICING
HOW IT WORKS
DOCUMENTATION
BLOG
Sport Broadcast
OTT Solution Provider
LEGAL