Telescope — publishing platform done right. telescope. 3.1 Open editor publishing platform done right. Telescope is a publishing platform with a focus on simplicity, speed, and privacy. It's like Medium but incredibly fast and with a bunch of SEO optimizations. Start your blog in a minute Check our roadmap What’s new? Telescope 3.1 Simple Powerful and easy-to-use editor with the ability to fully customize links and tags, change the layout, and include different types of content, be it images, videos, tweets, or code blocks. Fast Our editor is incredibly fast, and the generated blogs and all the inner pages are so lightweight that they load almost immediately. That's a result of dozens of optimizations you don't have to maintain or worry about. Honest No ads, no tracking, no hidden scripts, no cookies, nothing! Your content pages contain only the content and some awesome stylesheets for it, with absolutely nothing else. Beautiful Our design is minimal, gorgeous, and fully customizable — as a result, the generated pages are pure, lightweight, nice, and well-polished, with no weird icons and ads. Ideal for minimalists and perfectionists! Optimized to perfection Performance Accessibility * Best Practices SEO Pages generated by Telescope score 100 in all* Google Lighthouse tests while other publishing and blogging platforms are so bloated that they can barely get 50. * — results in Accessibility test depend on content itself. We made optimizations to get 100 in this test as well but cannot guarantee the score. Just look at all these wonderful blogs! Viva Italia! 🇮🇹 Open Cookbook alwxdev / blog Spinner And here is our incredible content editor Free Fast, minimal, and powerful text editor Simple registration without any hassle — start writing immediately instead of spending time filling forms Storage for images associated with your stories Free SSL & CDN Zero maintenance costs 99.99% uptime One blog per user Unlimited posts Unlimited pageviews No cookies used for your blog = no need for any cookie banner Pretty unique, simple, and cool content distribution mechanism automatically enabled for everybody Advanced syntax highlighting for code blocks Simple and accurate real-time information about the number visitors and views Never lose your data — ability to export all your projects and stories in several formats Try now! Premium All Free features, plus Ability to change styles and layouts Ability to remove Telescope branding and use your own logos and icons Unlimited blogs Custom domains Extended statistics Custom CSS Advanced SEO settings Dark theme API access (coming a bit later this year) See details © 2019-2024 Telescope News Terms Privacy Policy Pricing Twitter support@telescope.ac