Join the Progress AI Observability Platform Early Access Program - observe, evaluate and improve your AI agents!

SKIP NAVIGATION
All Products 
DEMOS
SERVICES
BLOGS
DOCS & SUPPORT
PRICING
GET A FREE TRIAL
UNPRECEDENTED PRODUCTIVITY WITH TELERIK AND KENDO UI MCP SERVERS
Modern UI Made Easy

Build feature-rich, modern experiences for Web, Cross-Platform, Mobile and Desktop, faster
than ever with AI-powered Telerik and Kendo UI component libraries.

Download DevCraft Trial

DevCraft includes all Telerik .NET and Kendo UI JavaScript components, Embedded Reporting and productivity tools.

 Demos
UI COMPONENTS
Web
Components
Desktop
Components
Mobile
Components
DEVELOPER SOLUTIONS
Reporting &
Dashboards
Testing &
Debugging
UI/UX Tools
PRODUCT BUNDLES
Telerik® DevCraft

.NET controls, Kendo UI JavaScript components, embedded reporting, automated testing and productivity tools.

More About DevCraft
Kendo UI®

UI components for JavaScript frameworks including
jQuery, Angular, React, and Vue.

More About Kendo UI
LATEST NEWS
Meet the Telerik Agentic AI UI Generator — the fastest way to turn prompts into fully designed, production-ready pages. Five specialized AI tools — for layout, components, styling, icons and full-page generation — work in an orchestrated flow to deliver clean code, on-brand themes and enterprise-ready UIs in seconds. It’s an orchestration-first approach that handles the repetitive work for you, so teams can ship polished screens faster and focus on real product logic.
LATEST NEWS
Check out our latest release: Telerik and Kendo UI 2025 Q4 helps teams save at least 30% of the development cycle with AI-generated UI, 12 AI Coding Assistants, MCP debugging, .NET 10 support and so much more. At its core, this release is about giving developers, team leads and enterprises a partner they can trust: AI tools that understand the Telerik and Kendo UI libraries inside-out.
LATEST NEWS
Meet the Telerik Agentic AI UI Generator — the fastest way to turn prompts into fully designed, production-ready pages. Five specialized AI tools — for layout, components, styling, icons and full-page generation — work in an orchestrated flow to deliver clean code, on-brand themes and enterprise-ready UIs in seconds. It’s an orchestration-first approach that handles the repetitive work for you, so teams can ship polished screens faster and focus on real product logic.
LATEST NEWS
Check out our latest release: Telerik and Kendo UI 2025 Q4 helps teams save at least 30% of the development cycle with AI-generated UI, 12 AI Coding Assistants, MCP debugging, .NET 10 support and so much more. At its core, this release is about giving developers, team leads and enterprises a partner they can trust: AI tools that understand the Telerik and Kendo UI libraries inside-out.
Feature-rich UI components for all .NET and JavaScript frameworks
 
Professionally designed components and themes for beautiful, engaging and always modern apps
 
Industry leading support delivered from the engineers who built the product
AI Coding Assistants for ultimate developer productivity
 
Performance, accessibility, localization and security guaranteed
 
Continuous innovation to cover your needs today and tomorrow
See Standardization Benefits
      
Your Success is Our Success
Challenge

The demand for better user experiences continues to grow, while the time you have to develop a high quality, modern and engaging application continues to shrink. Stop sweating over UI and focus on the parts of the application where you can truly make a difference.

Partnership and Community

Like you, we are developers. Our purpose in life is to make developers superheroes by enabling you to deliver more than expected, faster than expected. For nearly two decades, we have been partnering with our community of over four million developers to help cut down on development time, increase productivity, and make it easy to embrace the latest technologies and user experience trends.

Deliver More Than Expected

By using the modern, feature-rich and professionally designed UI components from Telerik and Kendo UI, you will be armed with everything you need to deliver outstanding web, mobile and desktop experiences in less time.
With the backing of our legendary technical support, provided directly by the developers who build the products, you can be confident that you have the best partner to rely on in your journey.

Explore our Portfolio
 
See Pricing
Awards

Greatness—it’s one thing to say you have it, but it means more when others recognize it. Progress Telerik is proud to hold the following industry awards.

 

G2 Leader Enterprise Grid Summer 2025

 

G2 Momentum Grid leader Summer 2025

 

G2 Users Love Us

 

G2 EMEA Regional Leader Summer 2025

 

Progress included in Three Gartner Magic Quadrants

 

Telerik is the Winner of 2 Forbes Business Awards

275K+ customers
3.5M+ developers
400+ awards
What Developers Say

Using Telerik UI, we were able to boost our speed to production by over 50%. The ability to create rich, interactive UI's without the hassle of rolling our own controls has been incredibly valuable. It should also be noted that Telerik's online documentation is rich with examples, tutorials, and real-working demos. When using competing products, I found their example's to be demo-ware, and not as easily converted to actual production-ready solutions.

Jerry Sevier
ENTERPRISE ARCHITECT, CHAPARRAL ENERGY
  
News & Updates
RELEASE
The Telerik and Kendo UI 2025 Q4 Release Is Here—See What’s New!
 
BLOGPOST
Turn Prompts into Pages: Telerik Agentic AI UI Generator
 
BLOGPOST
Using Fiddler Everywhere with gRPC and .NET Core Clients
Check out our Blogs
COMPLETE .NET TOOLBOX
Telerik DevCraft
COMPLETE JAVASCRIPT TOOLBOX
Kendo UI
GET PRODUCTS
Free Trials
Pricing
RESOURCES
DX Hub
Demos
Documentation
Release History
Forums
Blogs
Webinars
Videos
Professional Services
Partners
Virtual Classroom
Events
FAQs
RECOGNITION
Success Stories
Testimonials
GET IN TOUCH
Contact Us
USA: +1 888 679 0442
UK: +44 13 4483 8186
India: +91 406 9019447
Bulgaria: +359 2 8099850
Australia: +61 3 7068 8610
165k+
50k+
17k+
4k+
14k+

Telerik and Kendo UI are part of Progress product portfolio. Progress is the leading provider of application development and digital experience technologies.

CompanyTechnologyAwardsPress ReleasesMedia CoverageCareersOffices

Copyright © 2025 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Progress and certain product names used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. See Trademarks for appropriate markings. All rights in any other trademarks contained herein are reserved by their respective owners and their inclusion does not imply an endorsement, affiliation, or sponsorship as between Progress and the respective owners.

Terms of UseSite FeedbackPrivacy CenterTrust Center
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION

Powered by Progress Sitefinity

We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. Some of these cookies also help improve your user experience on our websites, assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, and assist with our promotional and marketing efforts. Please read our Cookie Policy for a more detailed description and click on the settings button to customize how the site uses cookies for you.
COOKIES SETTINGS
ACCEPT COOKIES