Products
Advantages
Contacts
We will connect you with clients and all your communications with business processes!

More than 100 functions of Telphin communication platform and premium communication quality for working with clients and partners.

Omnichannel communication platform

Communication with clients in different channels

You offer clients communication in the channels where they are comfortable. You can conduct a dialogue within one window, simultaneously using the phone, instant messengers and accepting requests from the site.

Recording all agreements

All communications by phone, in instant messengers and on the website fall into a single continuous communication history in CRM. Phone call records are also stored here.

Save time

You can access your entire communication history at any time. Even a new employee does not need to ask clarifying questions to the client; he can get straight to the point.

Products of Telphin

Virtual PBX

A modern solution for organizing corporate telephony. 100+ functions. Easy scaling and payment only for the necessary functionality.

Virtual numbers

Connecting a wide pool of landline and mobile numbers in 65 countries around the world. Free incoming calls.

Connection for business

Telphin guarantees its customers premium-level communication quality. Per-minute and unlimited tariffs, packages of mobile and local minutes. SIP trunk.

Integration with business application

Ready-made integrations will quickly and easily combine your business application or customer base and Telphin telephony. 50+ integrations with CRM.

Corporate mobile network

You no longer have to choose between cellular communications and IP telephony for the office. Mobile communications from Telphin is a virtual PBX in your employees’ smartphones.

Video conferencing

The video conferencing service offers online training and meetings, group work, voting and polls.

Advantages of Telphin

Experience in the IP telephony market — 20 years.

More than 85 000 users of Telphin Communication Platform.

Large pool of numbers: 65 countries of the world.

Reliability of the communication platform is 99,9%.

Wide functionality and 50+ integrations with third-party applications.

Our partners include more than 500 companies.

Contact Us
TelphinUSA Inc
Phone1-857-290-8330
sales@telphin.com
Address233 Needham Street, Suite 550, Newton, MA 02464, USA