Skip to content
Skip to search
Personal
Business
Health
Agriculture & Consumer Goods
Social Impact
Support
Support
BC
Login
My TELUS
Mobility
Internet
TV & Entertainment
Security & Smart Home
Health
TELUS Rewards
Boxing Week Deals
Cart has 0 items
Check out our Boxing Week Deals Interested in offers for your business? Shop business deals
ONLY AT TELUS
Get your Boxing Week shopping on now
Shop holiday deals with the only network that offers peace of mind with a 5-Year Plan Price Lock1 on Mobility and Internet plans.
Shop deals
Get 3 Gig speed at 1 Gig pricing - $95/mo. until 2030
See offer details
Get PureFibre Internet
OFFER ENDS DECEMBER 28th
iPhone 17 is on us for Boxing Week
See offer details
Get iPhone 17
Shop our best Boxing Week offers
Shop all deals and bundles
PLANS
Meet the new 5G+ Complete - Unlimited plan
Stream, play and browse on your device like never before from $105 per month5 with no data overages and 50GB of dedicated high speed hotspot data.67
INTERNET & ENTERTAINMENT
Enjoy the best of streaming and internet from only $125/mo.
This holiday season, get PureFibre Internet 250, Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hayu and live TV from only $125/mo.
PHONES & DEVICES
Celebrate Boxing Week with Pixel 10 Pro on us
Get Pixel 10 Pro from $0 per month when you choose Bring-It-Back®4 on a 5G+ Complete - Explore or Unlimited plan with Premium Financing3.
PHONES & DEVICES
Get Galaxy S25 on us this Boxing Week
Choose a 5G+ Complete Explore or Unlimited plan with Bring-It-Back®4 and Premium Financing3 to get Galaxy S25 for $0 per month.
MOBILITY PLANS
5G+ Complete plans include:
5-Year Rate Plan Price Lock1
Easy Roam® for $5/day9
Unlimited long-distance calling to 27 countries10
Same day repairs at Mobile Klinik11
Access to Premium financing
ONLY AT TELUS
5G+ Complete
Our fastest 5G+ speeds for users who want the best performance.
100GB of shareable data with blazing-fast speeds up to 2Gbps and unlimited data at reduced speed12
Nationwide data, talk and international text
Price includes the pre-authorized payment discount5
Starting from
$
75
/month
Conditions apply. Taxes extra.
Shop plans
Everything you need is in the My TELUS app
Manage your services anywhere, anytime. Pay your bill, check your usage, change your plan, stay on top of your account and more with the My TELUS app.
Scan the QR code with your phone or text "app" to 35353 to download.
Standard message rates may apply.
Need more information?
We are here to help. Get support with your TELUS device or service, account and more with our online help centre. Plus, TELUS Assist is available 24/7.
Support
Find answers and support for frequently asked questions.
Contact us
Message us via chat or give us a call.
Visit our stores
Search for a location near you and drop by in person.
SOCIAL IMPACT
TELUS Merch Shop holiday sale
Shop the collection on sale now! 100% of proceeds from your purchase will be donated to the TELUS Friendly Future Foundation in support of youth.13
Shop now
SMARTENERGY
Get a smart thermostat on us with SmartEnergy
This Cyber Monday, save big on SmartEnergy plans starting at $8/mo. for the first 36 months.1415
Get SmartEnergy
View terms and conditions
My TELUS
Support
Find a store
Contact us
The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation.
COMPANY
About Us
Partnerships
Careers
Newsroom
Policies / Regulatory
Security
Social Impact
Diversity and Inclusion
LEGAL
Data Trust & Privacy
TELUS & CRTC Wireless Code
TELUS & CRTC Internet Code
Internet Code, Simplified
Wireless Code, Simplified
Service Terms
HELP
Accessibility
TELUS Service Status
Community Forum
Order Status
User Terms
Student Offers
Desktop sharing
OTHER TELUS PROPERTIES
Social Impact
TELUS Procurement
TELUS Digital
TELUS Webmail
TELUS Wise
Manage cookies
©2025 TELUS

TELUS and our partners use cookies to enhance website navigation, analyze website usage, and provide relevant advertising and personalized content, including on third party websites. You have control over these cookies, and can choose to "Accept all cookies", adjust your preferences by clicking "Manage cookies", or if you're happy with the selection that we have made for you, simply click on "x". Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. To learn more about how we and third parties use your data, read our Cookie Statement and our Privacy Commitment.
Manage cookies Accept all cookies