Temple Wallet | Buy, Swap, Stake on Tezos & Ethereum $TKEY EVM Guides Academy Tezos Overview Rewards Support Get Temple Wallet Terms Of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Temple Wallet. All rights reserved. $TKEY Learn Academy EVM Guides Networks Overview EVM Tezos Rewards Support Download The way to experience multichain in crypto A secure, smooth, and rewarding wallet experience – all in one place. Download for Chrome Download for Mobile Explore on other platforms Discover more No seams & No switching Explore Web3 with unified experience Multi-wallet system No more separation - only switch. Carry as many wallets as you ever need. In-wallet features Quick access to essential features - buy, swap and more directly from your wallet. Manage connections Disconnect Know you connection Always control of your Dapp connections and easily manage your wallet access. Filter and Manage Customize your experience with networks or tokens as you like. Your Temple - your choices. Multi-wallet system No more separation - only switch. Carry as many wallets as you ever need. Manage connections Disconnect In-wallet features Quick access to essential features - buy, swap and more directly from your wallet. In-wallet features Quick access to essential features - buy, swap and more directly from your wallet. In-wallet features Quick access to essential features - buy, swap and more directly from your wallet. Your time isn’t free Use Temple and earn $TKEY rewards TKEY is a native Temple token which is used to power user activities and support development. All our users are able to earn rewards and cashback with built-in advanced features. You earn when admire your crypto balance You earn when browsing websites You earn cashback when swap your tokens You earn when admire your crypto balance You earn when browsing websites You earn cashback when swap your tokens Download & Earn About $TKEY All networks that matter in one place Temple suppots Tezos, Etherlink and other Ethereum-based blockchains. EVM Networks Tezos Network Temple mobile -  your pocket Tezos wallet Built for Tezos Temple mobile is designed to support the Tezos ecosystem, offering a range of features and supporting various tokens Multi-accounts Create and manage multiple accounts within Temple mobile. Keep your assets organized, separate activities. Delegation & Staking Transform your Temple into passive income stream and participate in Tezos network while earning token rewards. NFT support Store, send and even sell your collectibles directly within the wallet. Enjoy an intuitive gallery designed for both collectors and creators. Built for Tezos Temple mobile is designed to support the Tezos ecosystem, offering a range of features and supporting various tokens Multi-accounts Create and manage multiple accounts within Temple mobile. Keep your assets organized, separate activities. Delegation & Staking Transform your Temple into passive income stream and participate in Tezos network while earning token rewards. NFT support Store, send and even sell your collectibles directly within the wallet. Enjoy an intuitive gallery designed for both collectors and creators. Get for Android Get for iOS Download for Mobile Security is our priority Security Audited By We are not tracking any analytic until you approve analytics gathering. Temple is a non-custodial crypto wallet, which means all the keys, seed-phrase and access belong only to you. Temple has fully open-sourced code, which anyone can review and audit. We have nothing to hide. Check our Academy HOW TO FARM WITH TEMPLE MOBILE: EARN PAGE GUIDE With the latest update, Temple Mobile received a new Earn Page feature. This section allows depositing assets and... Read Info TKEY – THE TEMPLE WALLET TOKEN Temple Wallet Token (TKEY) is the native token for Temple Wallet, which... Read Info TKEY TOKEN, CASHBACK, CLOUD BACKUP, REWARDS... Temple token release, 3route integration, cashback for swaps, rewards in USDt for viewing ads Read Info THE TEMPLE AND EVERSTAKE PARTNERSHIP We are happy to announce a long-term partnership with the Everstake staking... Read Info HOW TO FARM WITH TEMPLE MOBILE: EARN PAGE GUIDE With the latest update, Temple Mobile received a new Earn Page feature. This section allows depositing assets and... Read Info TKEY – THE TEMPLE WALLET TOKEN Temple Wallet Token (TKEY) is the native token for Temple Wallet, which... Read Info TKEY TOKEN, CASHBACK, CLOUD BACKUP, REWARDS... Temple token release, 3route integration, cashback for swaps, rewards in USDt for viewing ads Read Info THE TEMPLE AND EVERSTAKE PARTNERSHIP We are happy to announce a long-term partnership with the Everstake staking... Read Info EVM Guides Go to Academy $TKEY EVM Guides Academy Tezos Overview EVM Chains Support Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Temple Wallet. All rights reserved. Download Temple Temple Wallet is available for your desktop and mobile devices. Choose the Temple version that suits you best! Mobile Application Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play Browser Extension Download for Chrome Browser Download for Brave Browser Download for Mozilla Firefox Download for Opera Download for Vivaldi Download for Microsoft Edge $TKEY Academy Tezos Overview Support Terms Of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Temple Wallet. All rights reserved.