AI-powered document generation platform Solutions Platform Customers Pricing Support Resources About Get started Watch full video Let AI agents do the heavy lifting Join the four million knowledge workers that got rid of document work with Templafy’s AI-powered platform. Book a demo Build with agents Document agents produce full drafts using the latest templates, brand assets, and data so teams start closer to the finish line. Learn more Refine with agents Specialist agents create new sections or polish existing ones, making reviews faster and edits smarter. Learn more Businesses that rely on documents choose Templafy Reliable AI that scales with your enterprise How it works “With Templafy, we’ve found the key to unlock the productivity promise of AI without the risk. It’s simple to manage, easy to use and helps everyone deliver reliable business content much faster.” Kaisa Nummela Portfolio Owner – Digital channels, Tietoevry sales Speed up your sales cycle with AI “Discovering Templafy was a game-changer… our results showed a 72% reduction in time spent on presentations. This saved each sales rep nearly a month of time annually.” Jason Baer, Senior Group Manager, Digital Group, Adobe Win more deals MARKETING & BRAND AI that protects your brand reputation and saves you time 7950 8000 + employees globally using the latest, company-approved templates showcasing ERMs visual identity. Amplify brand value IT & INFOSEC Controlled AI for outputs you can trust 70 95 % of IT time saved in content management. Free up technical resources INTEGRATIONS Instant access to your business knowledge See all integrations Security-first in every aspect When it comes to document automation in the age of AI, security is a non-negotiable. We never meet security standards when we can exceed them — because protecting your documents is what we do. Explore security features “We’re committed to continually raising Templafy’s security posture by complying with the highest security standards. We do this to strengthen the resilience of the organization and the solution against an evolving landscape.” Ellen Benaim Chief Information Security Officer, Templafy Certifications Available on Industry research on AI agents AI agents are one of the fastest-growing trends in technology. This Gartner® report helps leaders understand what AI agents actually are, how they differ from AI assistants, and how to evaluate vendor claims with practical frameworks and clear definitions. Get the report How BDO maintains a unified brand worldwide “Last year, we generated over 120,000 documents through Templafy, saving us about $1.65 million.” Brion Hendry Partner and Assurance Innovation Leader $1.65m saved on document creation in one year *The Total Economic Impact™ of Templafy study conducted by Forrester Consulting Forrester study finds that organizations with 10,000 users see a 1239% ROI after implementing Templafy. Get the report 30% faster business document creation 95% of IT’s involvement is eliminated once Templafy is deployed Do more business with less work Book a demo Request pricing Platform Automated document creation Automated template management Email signature management Brand content distribution Productivity tools AI and doc gen Privacy at Templafy Security at Templafy Solutions Sales Marketing and brand IT and Infosec Financial services Professional services Accounting Resources Blog Guides and whitepapers Events and webinars Glossary Templafy implementation Newsroom Integrations Document Generation API Newsletter Company About Contact us Pricing Careers at Templafy Partnering with Templafy Legal at Templafy Data processing agreement Security and privacy FAQ Cookie settings Contact info@templafy.com Platform Automated document creation Automated template management Email signature management Brand content distribution Productivity tools AI and doc gen Privacy at Templafy Security at Templafy Solutions Sales Marketing & brand IT & Infosec Financial services Professional services Accounting Resources Blog Guides & Whitepapers Events & Webinars Glossary Templafy implementation Newsroom Integrations Document Generation API Company About Contact us Pricing Careers at Templafy Partnering with Templafy General terms and conditions Data processing agreement Security and privacy FAQ Cookie settings Templafy is the leading AI-powered document generation platform, enabling professionals to create accurate, compliant, and on-brand documents with maximum efficiency and ease. Accessible directly within tools like Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, and Salesforce, Templafy simplifies document creation workflows to eliminate the hassle and risk from the documents that matter most. Trusted by industry leaders like KPMG and BDO, Templafy saves teams over 30% of the time they’d typically spend on repetitive tasks—like creating proposals, engagement letters, and audit reports—allowing them to focus on revenue-driving work instead. Join more than 4 million users worldwide who rely on Templafy to accelerate business content creation with AI. Copyright © 2025 Templafy