SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Explore Temple's Schools And Colleges
Visit
Apply
Alumni
TUportal
Support Temple
Temple University
Search Keywords
Search
Previous
Christopher M. Barnett College of Public Health

Temple’s College of Public Health will be renamed in recognition of a historic gift.

See the Full Story
pause or play video
Real Success
is Temple Made.
Apply Today
Request Information
Christopher M. Barnett College of Public Health

Temple’s College of Public Health will be renamed in recognition of a historic gift.

See the Full Story
pause or play video
Real Success
is Temple Made.
Apply Today
Request Information
Christopher M. Barnett College of Public Health

Temple’s College of Public Health will be renamed in recognition of a historic gift.

See the Full Story
Next
1
2
Ready to see what you can do?

You know what you’re capable of and an education at Temple helps you achieve it. See how these ambitious alumni and Temple 30 Under 30 honorees spent their time here and how their experiences set them up for success.

Jaldhi Patel ’20

Clinical Research Coordinator
Nationally Ranked Health System

Read Jaldhi’s Story
Joseph Curry ’22

Business Teacher
Franklin Towne Charter High School

Read Joseph’s Story
Breland Moore ’14

Sports Anchor, Host of Game Day
Co-host of The Phantastic Sports Show
Panelist on NFC Beast
FOX 29

Read Breland’s Story
Benjamin Thomas ’18

Grammy-nominated, Billboard
No. 1 Music Producer and
Audio Engineer
Founder, After5 Studios, nicethingsMUSIC

Read Benjamin’s Story
Start Your Admissions Journey
Undergraduate Admissions

Apply to Temple as a first-year, international or transfer undergraduate student.

Visit Undergraduate Admissions

Graduate Admissions

Learn about graduate admissions and apply to one of Temple's master’s, doctoral or certificate programs.

Visit Graduate Admissions

Real Empowerment

With 600+ academic programs to choose from, you can find the degree that motivates and drives you. 

Find Undergraduate Programs
Find Graduate Programs
Real Impact

Temple University is defined by the students, professors and alumni who push boundaries and make a difference every day. We are a renowned health system advancing breakthroughs and a premier research institution leading excellence in higher education. Our world-class, interdisciplinary academics here in Philadelphia and across the globe give students the confidence, support and experiences they need to succeed long after they graduate. We believe in the power of a transformative education and opportunities for everyone to thrive.

About Temple
Previous
R1

status awarded for very high research activity and doctorate production.

Top 50

public school among national universities (U.S. News and World Report, 2025)

17

diverse schools and colleges

Top 75

best value schools among U.S. universities (U.S. News and World Report, 2025)

8

global campuses

Next
Real Belonging

Why Temple? Because we recognize the value in each Owl, and everyone has a place here. You aren’t just going to college at Temple, you’re an integral part of our community. Learn about life as a student and how we support you every step of the way.

The Owl Experience

With access to all that Philadelphia offers, 450+ student organizations, 25+ sports clubs, and dozens of study abroad programs including Temple Rome and Temple Japan, there is something for everyone.

Discover student life

Student success services and guidance
Well-being and support
Fly in 4 graduation partnership
Career resources
Visit Temple
Financial Aid Options
Estimated Cost
More News
Previous

Photo by New Student and Family Programs

Dec. 22, 2025

New finals traditions highlight Temple’s commitment to student support

Tristen Taylor, Class of 2027, from Temple women’s basketball has been named a Kay Yow Servant Leader for the 2025–2026 season.

Photo by Temple Athletics

Dec. 16, 2025

Temple women’s basketball point guard wins Kay Yow Servant Leader Award

The launch of Temple’s Innovation with Impact series featured a conversation between President John Fry and Professor Liz Moore about the intersections of storytelling, scholarship and community.

Photo by Ryan S. Brandenberg

Dec. 11, 2025

Temple’s Innovation with Impact series opens with conversation featuring Liz Moore

Temple's Digital Connectivity project was financed by a grant from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development, through the Broadband Development Authority.

Photo by Ryan S. Brandenberg

Dec. 10, 2025

Temple receives 200 laptops for use by Pell Grant students and workforce development programs under Commonwealth proposal

Prince Moody, Stephany Coakley, Jonathan Howe and Elizabeth Taylor will lead the Athletic Innovation, Research and Education (AIRE) Lab at Temple.

Photo by Ryan Brandenberg

Dec. 9, 2025

A new research lab could be key to enhancing the student-athlete experience

Dec. 4, 2025

Temple’s creative legacy: Powering the arts in Philadelphia

Colman Domingo will be awarded an honorary degree during Temple’s 139th Commencement ceremony, which will be held May 6, 2026.

Photo by Contributed photo

Nov. 20, 2025

Academy Award nominee Colman Domingo to receive honorary degree at Temple’s Commencement Ceremony in May

Illustration by MeiLi Carling

Nov. 19, 2025

Seeing pink and green: Why everyone is talking about ‘Wicked: For Good’

Nov. 19, 2025

Klein News Innovation Camp returns for 16th year

Linn Washington Jr., professor of journalism, has covered MOVE for more than 50 years.

Photo by Ryan S. Brandenberg

Nov. 19, 2025

MOVE podcast series named a winner of the Signal Awards
Next
Start Your Application

The Temple community is what makes us unique. We are unrivaled in our passion, commitment and belief in what we can do. Find out what you can accomplish here.

Apply Today

Search Keywords
Search
Temple University
1801 N. Broad Street
Philadelphia, PA 19122 United States

(215) 204-7000

Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
TikTok
Twitter
YouTube
Link to Temple University website
Cherry & White Directory
Maps & Directions
Contact
Policies
Social Media
TUPortal
TUMail
Accessibility
Careers at Temple

Copyright 2025, Temple University. All rights reserved.

Return to Top