TENET | South Africa's Research & Education Network — TENET South Africa Follow us on Twitter Fault reporting (24/7)  | +27 21 763 7147 | hjeedgi@itcti.pr.op Home About Network Services News Support Contact Network Service Impact Serving our community and furthering global best practice in education and research in Africa Find out more about our network Serving our community and furthering global best practice in education and research in Africa Network Service Impact Growing education in Africa through exceptional Internet and Information Technology services Find out more about our services Growing education in Africa through exceptional Internet and Information Technology services Network Service Impact Evolving our network and building trust in line with international best practice Find out more about our impact Evolving our network and building trust in line with international best practice TENET | South Africa's Research & Education Network For two decades, TENET has provided outstanding research and education networking services to enable collaborative inter-networking by universities, science councils and associated research institutions. Our in-depth understanding of the higher education space enables us to continue to grow our service offerings in line with international best practice and the changing needs of higher education in Africa. Find out more about what we do Accessibility and visibility: considering the needs and contexts of repositories in South Africa 18 Jul, 2023 Global momentum for open access and open science is putting pressure on researchers and institutions to make all their outputs, including research data, as accessible and visible as possible. Read More… Blended learning: the changing face of teaching in the digital age 04 Jul, 2023 Using Intembeko ORCID Hub to increase research visibility at UP 20 Jun, 2023 Clarifying TENET and Tenet Technology (Pty) Ltd 15 Feb, 2023 TENET is a proud member of ISPA and upholds the ISPA Code of Conduct . Acceptable Use Policy | Connection Policy | Procurement © 2025 TENET NPC Search Site only in current section Advanced Search… The SANReN Group of the National Integrated Cyber Infrastructure System is TENET's principal partner in the South African NREN landscape. Universities South Africa, formally known as Higher Education South Africa (HESA), is a membership organisation representing South Africa’s universities. HEITSA is a key partner and collaborator in service strategy and design. HEITSA facilitates IT collaboration between higher education institutions in South Africa. TENET is an Associate (NPO) member of the Wireless Access Providers’ Association of South Africa. TENET is a founder member of the UbuntuNet Alliance for Research and Education Networking. The Alliance serves the regional REN needs of Eastern and Southern Africa.