🔥 Full Tenjin access for $200/month — all features, no add‑ons, cancel anytime.
See pricing & features

Product
Resources
Company
Pricing
English
Log In
Sign up
Growth Made Simple

Marketing Analytics to Scale Mobile Apps with Ease

By clicking the ‘Book a Demo’ button, I hereby agree to the collection and processing of personal data by Tenjin as stated in the Privacy Policy.

Trusted by teams at:
The latest “Ad Monetization in Mobile Games – Benchmark Report 2025” is here!

This report includes market share data for ad monetization channels and countries, based on a sample from Tenjin, as well as the average eCPM benchmark with a breakdown per country and format, based on data from CAS.AI.

Get The Report 
Mobile Marketing Analytics that Save Your Advertising Budget

Unlock the power of mobile attribution & app analytics with our end-to-end measurement capabilities.

MOBILE ATTRIBUTION
The ultimate growth engine for mobile apps

Seamlessly identify and double down on the best users and advertising channels for your app with Tenjin’s mobile attribution.

Read More 

ROI DASHBOARD
Maximize ROI with a unified view of ad spend and revenue

Tenjin’s user-friendly dashboard enables you to identify the channels and users that are bringing you the highest ROI at a glance.

Read More 

AD MONETIZATION SUITE
All the tools you need for hybrid monetization at your fingertips

Tenjin’s Ad Monetization Suite provides an unparalleled set of tools for mobile publishers that choose to monetize via showing ads in their apps.

Read More 

MARKETING DATA WAREHOUSE
Unlock an unlimited number of use cases with DataVault

DataVault provides quick, reliable, and cost-effective access to marketing data that is usually only available for enterprise level companies.

Read More 

Cost Aggregation

View costs across different countries, and platforms

Read More 
Automation

Effortlessly streamline, optimize, maximize

Read More 
LTV Prediction

Take the guesswork out of your user acquisition

Read More 
Data Pipelines

Streamline your data without hiring a data team

Read More 
Fraud Prevention

Block mobile ad fraud in real-time with Tenjin

Read More 
Integrated Partners

Seamlessly connect and work with any partner—quickly, easily, and all in a few clicks.

Read More 
Used by the world’s most innovative teams
Kooapps' journey from indie studio to major publisher with Tenjin

In this case study, we take you through the journey of Kooapps as they scale from an indie studio to a major publisher with Tenjin. Here is a summary of the results they achieved using Tenjin’s ad attribution, session-based ad revenue LTV, and DataVault:

8x
Revenue Growth
3x
LTV increase
Chun-Kai Wang
Co-founder & CEO at Kooapps

Revenue is up 8x since we first used Tenjin a few years ago and paid UA spend is 30x so Tenjin has completely transformed our business. We love Tenjin!

Read More 
How Mexico’s Top Mobile Publisher Boosted their Portfolio LTV by 35% – A HyperBeard Case Study

HyperBeard is the largest mobile game developer and publisher in Mexico, with 210 Million+ downloads on AppStore and PlayStore. They specialize in cute casual idle games targeting a young, adult, female demographic.

20% increase in ROAS
35% Portfolio LTV (cross-promo) uplift
Alex Kozachenko
Co-founder & CEO at HyperBeard

We love using DataVault. Historically, we were just using whatever was available on the dashboard with whatever MMP we were using. But obviously, that’s pretty limited. DataVault allows us to expand beyond the Tenjin dashboard. It’s great for creative performance tracking, and Portfolio LTV analysis.

Read More 
Ad Revenue Callbacks and ROAS campaigns increased YOMI Studio’s ARPDAU by 60% – Case Study

In this case study, we take you through the journey of YOMI Studio as they enter an unprecedented phase of hyper-growth after incorporating Tenjin’s Ad Revenue Callbacks and ROAS Campaigns. Here is a summary of what they achieved:

60
hours per month of co-founder’s time saved
60%
ARPDAU uplift
Light Nguyen
Co-founder at YOMI studio

Combining Tenjin Ad Revenue Callbacks and ROAS campaigns has enabled us to spend less time on optimization but still scale campaigns at will, moving YOMI into an unprecedented phase of hyper-growth.

Read More 
How to increase ROAS and LTV for SKAN campaigns with TikTok & Tenjin – A Tokyo Tsushin Case Study

Tokyo Tsushin partnered with TikTok and Tenjin to easily identify users who would trigger valuable in-app events such as purchase, subscribe, and level completion, while controlling costs.

33%
increase in Day 7 ROAS
24%
increase in Day 3 LTV
Kasuga Yachi
Marketing Section Manager at Tokyo Tsushin

Launching scalable SKAN campaigns is definitely a challenge. Thanks to the combination of TikTok and Tenjin, we were able to run goal-oriented SKAN campaigns at scale.

Read More 
What’s new at Tenjin
#Case_Studies
How Three Pakistani Studios Reduced their Cost Per Conversion Costs by 40% with Tenjin
Read More 
#Best_practices
#Metrics
#Mobile_Marketing_Trends
IAA & IAP: Differences in Ad Revenue Attribution
Read More 
#Product_Updates
Tenjin Introduces Site ID Optimization Tool for Better Control Over Fraud and UA Quality
Read More 
#Best_practices
#Metrics
#Podcast
App Retention Strategies Start with Choosing the Right Metrics
Read More 
Book a demo

Click below to reach out, and one of our friendly specialists will be in touch soon – ready to answer any questions you have along the way.

By clicking the subscribe button, I hereby agree to the collection and processing of personal data by Tenjin as stated in the Privacy Policy.

mobile developers began self-publishing, thanks to Tenjin

ad spend processed

apps use the Tenjin SDK