The University of Tennessee System | Home The University of Tennessee System Campus Guide Directory News UT System Policies Employee Intranet Search About About the UT System Leadership Divisions, Offices & Departments Jobs and Careers Mission & Values Strategic Plan Facts & Figures Doing Business with UT Transparent UT History of UT Contact Us Academics Academics & Student Success Overview Affordability of a UT Degree Value of a UT Degree Campus Guide Continuing Education Student Success Initiatives Research & Innovation Research Overview Impact Partnerships Centers and Institutes Governor’s Chairs West Tennessee Solar Farm State Impact UT’s Impact on Tennessee Grand Challenges Grow Your Own Center Local Communities Workforce Development Menu About About the UT System Leadership Divisions, Offices & Departments Jobs and Careers Mission & Values Strategic Plan Facts & Figures Doing Business with UT Transparent UT History of UT Contact Us Academics Academics & Student Success Overview Affordability of a UT Degree Value of a UT Degree Campus Guide Continuing Education Student Success Initiatives Research & Innovation Research Overview Impact Partnerships Centers and Institutes Governor’s Chairs West Tennessee Solar Farm State Impact UT’s Impact on Tennessee Grand Challenges Grow Your Own Center Local Communities Workforce Development Campus Guide Directory News UT System Policies Employee Intranet Search About About the UT System Leadership Divisions, Offices & Departments Jobs and Careers Mission & Values Strategic Plan Facts & Figures Doing Business with UT Transparent UT History of UT Contact Us Academics Academics & Student Success Overview Affordability of a UT Degree Value of a UT Degree Campus Guide Continuing Education Student Success Initiatives Research & Innovation Research Overview Impact Partnerships Centers and Institutes Governor’s Chairs West Tennessee Solar Farm State Impact UT’s Impact on Tennessee Grand Challenges Grow Your Own Center Local Communities Workforce Development Campus Guide Directory News UT System Policies Employee Intranet Search The University of Tennessee System Quality Education and Impactful Leadership The University of Tennessee System — through its five campuses and two statewide institutes — is improving the lives of Tennesseans today and for future generations. Our Mission Our Impact The University of Tennessee System Quality Education and Impactful Leadership The University of Tennessee System — through its five campuses and two statewide institutes — is improving the lives of Tennesseans today and for future generations. Our Mission Our Impact There’s a UT Campus for Everyone UT Knoxville UT Chattanooga UT Southern UT Martin UT Health Science Center UT Knoxville Located in east Tennessee, UT’s flagship campus in Knoxville is home sweet home to more than 38,000 students. There’s never been a better time to be a Volunteer! From its more than 225-year history to over 900 programs of study, UT Knoxville offers an educational experience that positions students for lifelong success. Explore Our Campuses UT Chattanooga In the heart of downtown, UT Chattanooga is an innovation hub for more than 11,800 students. With affordable education, expert faculty and hands-on learning, students gain real-world skills in a city bursting with culture, outdoor adventures and opportunity — making UT Chattanooga the perfect place for personal and professional growth. Explore Our Campuses UT Southern Nestled in Pulaski, just 70 miles south of Nashville, UT Southern offers small class sizes and big opportunities. With personalized attention and a close-knit community, more than 1,000 students thrive here as dedicated faculty guide them toward achieving their goals and reaching their full potential. Explore Our Campuses UT Martin Located in rural northwest Tennessee, UT Martin serves 7,500 students through its main campus in Martin and six regional centers in Jackson, Parsons, Selmer, Ripley, Somerville and Springfield. At UT Martin, students experience a personal, supportive environment and graduate equipped to make a difference in their communities. Explore Our Campuses UT Health Science Center The UT Health Science Center is Tennessee’s largest producer of health care professionals, training the next generation of providers across a wide range of disciplines. With its main campus in Memphis; regional campuses in Knoxville, Chattanooga and Nashville; and nearly 900 educational and clinical training sites statewide, the UT Health Science Center delivers high-quality, innovative and interprofessional education. Explore Our Campuses How UT Impacts Your Life in Tennessee Through its campuses and statewide institutes, the UT System is transforming lives across Tennessee with its wide-ranging initiatives and services. From providing dental care for underserved communities and training first responders to offering summer camps for youth, business support for entrepreneurs, and affordable pathways to teacher licensure, UT is dedicated to meeting the diverse needs of Tennesseans. Our Work Across the State Latest News All News STEMOVATE Launches in 22 Tennessee Counties November 21, 2025 Press Release Education Impact Rural Community Hawkins County Mural Showcases UT’s Agricultural Impact on Rural Communities November 18, 2025 Announcement Press Release Everywhere You Look, UT Rural Community Van Buren County Water Tower Showcases New UT Mural November 17, 2025 Announcement Press Release Everywhere You Look, UT UT By the Numbers $4B in economic impact UT drives Tennessee’s economy, creating jobs, supporting businesses and fostering growth in every county. 79,000+ Tennessee jobs created UT stimulates economic growth and employment opportunities across the state. $484M in annual research and development investment We’re committed to advancing knowledge and technology for the benefit of the people of Tennessee. See more metrics on student enrollment, student success, research expenditures and UT’s impact across the state of Tennessee. Data at UT Start a Career with UT Discover career opportunities throughout the statewide UT System. From shaping minds in classrooms to driving innovation behind the scenes, UT offers positions for every talent. Enjoy competitive benefits, ongoing professional development and the chance to create meaningful impact — start your UT career today! Job Openings Collaborating with UT UT partners with industry and government to align students’ passions with workforce needs and advance cutting-edge research. Together, we’re driving innovation and shaping Tennessee’s future. Explore the possibilities of partnering with UT. Research Partnerships Workforce Development Doing Business with UT UT’s statewide presence offers a variety of commercial opportunities, from local initiatives to major capital developments, catering to a broad spectrum of projects. Explore business opportunities with the UT System. Business Opportunities Painting Tennessee Orange No matter where you go in Tennessee, you’ll find UT! From classrooms to exam rooms and farms to pharmacies, we’re there. And we’re telling our story of statewide impact in a big way — by painting murals on barns and buildings across Tennessee. Submit a property in your county to receive a free Everywhere You Look, UT mural. Join the Campaign 505 Summer Place Knoxville, TN 37902 Phone: Email: Find us on Social Media About the UT System Jobs and Careers Offices & Departments Office of the President Board of Trustees Media Relations Public Records Requests For UT Employees DASH Portal Employee Intranet Human Resources UT System Policies Report Concerns Campuses & Institutes UT Knoxville UT Chattanooga UT Southern UT Martin UT Health Science Center UT Institute of Agriculture UT Institute for Public Service ©2025 University of Tennessee System Privacy Notice Title IX Non-Discrimination Statement Statement of Aspirations