Teraswitch – bare metal  · connectivity Services Bare Metal Servers On-demand dedicated servers. GPU Compute On-demand GPU bare metal servers. Connectivity Premium and Reliable Data Centers Pittsburgh, PA Newark, NJ Salt Lake City, UT Los Angeles, CA Dallas, TX Vancouver, BC Dublin, IE London, UK Amsterdam, NL Frankfurt, DE Seoul, SK Singapore, SG Tokyo, JP About Company Network Reliability DDoS Mitigation Public Services Support Compliance Abuse & Legal Terms & Policies Contact We offer the trifecta . High-performance and high-reliability , all while remaining low-cost . Bare Metal Single-tenant hardware with the ease of use of a cloud server. Starting monthly at $ 143 See Inventory Connectivity Affordable access to carrier-grade IP service. This isn't your mom's WiFi. Per megabit pricing $ .80 Get Started Dedicated Hosting The High performance cloud platform ever $ 29.99 Buy Now Highly Redundant Premium Connectivity 24/7 Support Let TeraSwitch solve all your infrastructure needs. 100% Uptime Complete reliability at reasonable prices. We cut no corners on assuring your availability. Read More DDoS Protected Our network can detect and mitigate any kind of attack. We have the capacity and know-how. Read More Rock-Solid Network Our data centers run the latest Juniper networking equipment. Over-built and under-utilized. Read More 24/7 Support Ready to assist you, and proactively monitoring for issues before you notice. Read More Knowledgeable Staff Support and sales are handled by our engineers. It's support with no hassel. Read More Customer Portal Our customer portal makes it easy to manage and review invoices of all our services. Launch Portal Rest easy knowing that we already do. Learn More about Our Reliabilty International connectivity with a local touch. The TeraSwitch Network Bare Metal Connectivity Reliability Network TeraSwitch Support Status Page Abuse & Legal Contact 2024 X Far far away, behind the word moun tains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of 759 Pinewood Avenue Marquette, Michigan info@domain.com Online Support 906-624-2565 Mon-Fri 8am-5pm Purchase Now Switch The Language English English Vietnamese French German