We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “Preferences.”
Preferences
Accept
Products
POLICY GENERATORS
Attorney-crafted documents and policies
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms and Conditions Generator
Cookie Policy Generator
Impressum Generator
EULA Generator
Acceptable Use Policy Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Return Policy Generator
Shipping Policy Generator
Accessibility Statement Generator
CONSENT MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS
Compliant consent solutions
Consent Management Platform
All-in-one consent management solution
Cookie Consent
Obtain consent & manage cookie preferences
Cookie Scanner
Scan & classify your cookies
Cookie Banner Generator
Create a compliant cookie banner
DSAR
Create a DSAR form
Google Consent Mode
Easily Set Up Google Consent Mode v2
IAB TCF 2.2
Implement TCF 2.2 with one click
Covered Laws
Worldwide
We help you comply with legislation worldwide
GDPR (EU)
ePrivacy (EU)
PIPEDA (Canada)
Quebec's Law 25 (Canada)
POPIA (South Africa)
FADP (Switzerland)
View All Laws Termly Covers
See all the laws our products cover
USA
We also cover newly enacted US data privacy laws
CCPA/CPRA (California)
CalOPPA (California)
TDPSA (Texas)
FDBR (Florida)
VCDPA (Virginia)
UCPA (Utah)
US Data Privacy Laws Tracker
Stay up to date on all U.S. privacy laws
Agencies
Pricing
Resources
Templates
Legal policy templates and how-to guides
Privacy Policy Template
Terms and Conditions Template
Cookie Policy Template
EULA Template
Impressum Template
Disclaimer Template
Return Policy Template
Accessibility Statement Template
Articles
Informational articles on privacy law compliance
& best practices
What is GDPR
Termly’s simple guide to the GDPR
Need-based Solutions
Compliance for various industries
Website Owners
Marketing Professionals
Compliance Professionals
Tech Professionals
Documentation & Support
Termly troubleshooting & documentation
Compliance Quiz
Answer a few questions to see if your business is compliant.
Sign In
Try for free!
All-In-One
Compliance Solution
for Your Business

Need compliance solutions, but don’t want to spend thousands in legal fees? Termly’s compliance suite can help you stay up to date and compliant with privacy laws like the GDPR, CCPA / CPRA, PIPEDA, ePrivacy Regulation, and more — for FREE.

Start Building Compliance
Compliance Solutions You Can Trust
1800+
Policies Created per Day
2 Million
Businesses
150+
Countries served
1.7 Billion
Banner Views per Month
Everything You Need
Out of the Box

You can use Termly as an all-in-one solution or use our products separately as needed.

EU Coverage

Termly makes it easy to align your website or app with EU/EEA privacy frameworks like the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, and more. 

US Coverage

Termly empowers websites and apps to tackle U.S. state privacy laws like the CCPA, VCDPA, UCPA, and more with ease. 

Global Coverage

Termly’s consent solutions and policy generators help websites meet global privacy requirements, including PIPEDA, Quebec’s Law 25, POPIA, and more. 

EU Data Storage

Termly stores European users’ data securely in the EU/EEA, supporting businesses’ efforts to meet essential data protection requirements. 

Comprehensive Legal Policies

Use Termly to easily generate a privacy policy, terms and conditions, impressum, return policy, shipping policy, and more.

Easy Consent Management

Termly’s cookie consent manager is the best way to make a cookie banner, preference center, DSAR form, and more.

Google CMP Partner w/ Gold Status

Termly is a Google certified CMP partner with gold status.

Full Google Consent Mode Solution

Termly provides a full solution for implementing Google Consent Mode.

IAB TCF 2.2 Solution

Termly provides you with an easy way to implement IAB TCF 2.2.

Learn More
What Customers Say About Termly

More than 2,000,000 businesses use Termly. Join our community of amazing companies!

“I came across this website by accident but man it's amazing what they offer. Client service is great too! I will use it way more in the future, the monthly subscription is VERY worth it!”

Patrick – France
View review

“Very easy to work with and amazing customer service that works quickly for your needs!”

Elisabeth – USA
View review

“Fast, efficient and friendly support! Very much appreciated.”

Joerg – Germany
View review

“I encountered a lot of problems on GDPR and tried several apps. Tremly is the most professional and responsible among them. Their customer service Josh answered my questions enthusiastically and patiently. I think everyone who encounters similar difficulties should try Termly.”

Lavana – Hong Kong
View review

“Great experience with Termly! They have a very clear format and everything is easy to follow. Their customer support team is fantastic and very swift. Will absolutely continue to use Termly with all of my businesses.”

Josh – Netherlands
View review

“Mark was very great to work with and took the time necessary to answer all questions my agency had as well as offering other solutions within their company that may work better than what I was initially asking.”

Morgan – USA
View review
	
	
	
	
	
Our Commitment To Privacy

Our company is dedicated to complying with data privacy laws and treating our users and their data with respect. Learn more about our privacy practices by following the links below.

Read Our Commitment
View Our Privacy Center
Features That
Make Compliance
a Breeze

Running a business requires you to comply with a wide variety of data privacy laws, rules, and service provider guidelines. It’s a hassle and a risk trying to adhere to all of these regulations on your own. Termly can help ease the burden of data privacy requirements and give you peace of mind.

View Pricing
Learn More
Multiple Business Platforms

Whether you run a blog, ecommerce site, or app, our compliance suite has your business covered.

Always Up-to-Date

We’ll automatically update all of your policies to meet the requirements of any new laws or regulations.

Easy to Install

Once you’ve created a policy, simply copy and paste a link or a code snippet onto your website. We do the rest!

Save Thousands on Legal Fees

Why spend a fortune on a lawyer when you can use Termly’s team of attorneys to create your legal policies for free!

Explore All of Our Compliance Solutions
Consent Management Platform

Automated consent management software for cookie use & data collection

Privacy Policy Generator

Create a compliant privacy policy that outlines your data collection practices

Terms and Conditions Generator

Establish guidelines and safeguard your business with custom terms

Impressum Generator

Create a compliant Impressum that outlines your business information

EULA Generator

Generate a compliant and automatically updated End-user License Agreement

Return Policy Generator

Generate a return policy to appease your customers and protect your business

Shipping Policy Generator

Create a shipping policy to manage your customers expectations

Acceptable Use Policy Generator

Generate a compliant and automatically updated Acceptable Use Policy

Disclaimer Generator

Create a legal disclaimer for FREE to protect your blog, website, or app against legal liability

Cookie Policy Generator

Notify users, provide cookie preferences, and obtain consent for your cookie use

Cookie Consent

Create a managed consent solution to protect your blog, website, or app

Cookie Banner Generator

Create a customized cookie banner for your website in minutes

Cookie Scanner

Scan, categorize, and review your website’s cookies to ensure compliance with cookie use rules

Google Consent Mode

Termly fully supports all versions of Google Consent Mode

IAB TCF 2.2

Termly makes it easy to set up IAB TCF 2.2

View All Solutions

Ready to protect your business?
Sign Me Up!
Learn More