Products

Templates

Resources

About

Search
Log In
Sign Up
Privacy compliance, all in one place. Zero hassle.

Stay ahead of ever-changing privacy regulations with our powerful compliance platform. TermsFeed provides the tools and resources your business needs to achieve and maintain full compliance effortlessly.

Privacy Policy Generator

For collecting personal data legally and ensuring compliance.

Terms & Conditions Generator

Set rules, protect your business, and manage user expectations.

Privacy Consent (Cookies & Embedded Content)

Manage cookie banners, embedded content (like YouTube), and full user consent.

And more

Everything you need for compliance. Sign up today.

Compliance everywhere? Covered.

A Privacy Policy is legally required if you collect personal data from users. Terms & Conditions are essential if your site has user-generated content (and more!). Using affiliate links? A Disclaimer is a must. Whatever compliance requirement you have, we've got you covered.

United States

Various state laws like CCPA and CPRA require a Privacy Policy, opt-out mechanisms, and additional compliance measures.

Europe

Regulations such as the GDPR and ePrivacy Directive require a Privacy Policy, user consent for cookies, and other compliance steps.

Canada

Laws like PIPEDA mandate a Privacy Policy, opt-out mechanisms, and additional privacy requirements.

United Kingdom (UK)

UK regulations require businesses to have a Privacy Policy, Return & Refund Policy, disclosures, and opt-out mechanisms.

Australia

Australia's privacy laws require a Privacy Policy and compliance with multiple privacy-related requirements.

CCPA+CPRA

California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA/CPRA) require a Privacy Policy.

CalOPPA

California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) mandates a Privacy Policy for online businesses.

GDPR

General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires businesses in or operating within the EU to have a Privacy Policy and obtain user consent.

PIPEDA

Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) requires businesses to have a Privacy Policy.

Many more

We support compliance with many other privacy laws worldwide.

All compliance solutions, with TermsFeed.

Get the professional solutions and services you need to stay compliant with the law — so you can focus on growing your business.

Privacy Policy Generator

For collecting personal data legally and ensuring compliance.

Terms and Conditions Generator

Set rules, protect your business, and manage user expectations.

Privacy Consent (Cookies & Embedded Content)

Manage cookie banners, embedded content (like YouTube), and full user consent.

Cookies Policy Generator

Comply with cookie regulations and inform users about cookie usage.

EULA Generator

Safeguard your app with an End-User License Agreement (EULA).

Disclaimer Generator

Create legal disclaimers and disclosures to protect your business.

Return and Refund Policy Generator

Provide transparency and protect your ecommerce business.

Terms of Service Generator

Establish terms to protect your business and set clear user rules.

Terms of Use Generator

Define acceptable use and protect your business.

Other tools available:

Cookie Consent
CCPA Opt-out
I Agree Checkbox
Embed Consent
The perfect compliance toolbox at your fingertips.

TermsFeed provides an easy-to-use, organized suite of tools and services to help you achieve — and maintain — legal compliance effortlessly.

Agreements & Policies

Generate Privacy Policies, Terms & Conditions, Disclaimers, EULAs, and many other documents your business needs to stay compliant with laws like GDPR, CCPA+CPRA, CalOPPA, and more.

Consent management

Use our free tools for cookie consent, or upgrade to Privacy Consent, an all-in-one platform for managing cookies, scripts, and embeds while staying compliant with GDPR, CCPA+CPRA, and other privacy laws.

Stay up to date when laws change

Get notified when laws change and know exactly when to update your agreements and policies. Stay informed and receive all the help you need, exactly when you need it.

Make it yours

Customize everything to match your business and brand—tailor your agreements, policies, and even your cookie consent banner with your preferred colors and style.

Third party compliance? Checked.

Third-party services and platforms often come with legal requirements, from privacy laws to mandatory disclosures. For example, Google Analytics requires a Privacy Policy and user consent, while Amazon mandates an affiliate disclaimer. We'll help you stay compliant with ease.

Google Analytics

Requires a Privacy Policy and consent management for all websites using analytics tools.

Apple App Store

All app developers must provide a Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions (T&C), or EULA, especially when dealing with user-generated content.

Google Play Store

App developers are required to have a Privacy Policy and meet additional compliance requirements.

PayPal

Businesses must comply with privacy laws and regulations, which includes having a Privacy Policy.

Google Ads

A Privacy Policy and consent management are mandatory before running ad campaigns like remarketing.

Google AdSense

Website owners must have a Privacy Policy and display a consent notice before showing personalized ads.

Facebook

A Privacy Policy is required if you run ad remarketing campaigns, manage a Facebook Page, or have a Facebook app.

Amazon

Website owners who post affiliate links must include an affiliate disclaimer.

Helping businesses since 2012.

Tens of thousands rely on TermsFeed to power their compliance solutions.

Great Service! 10 out of 10 experience with them. Very fast and easy to use system. Very quick turnaround times with customer support and super easy system to use

Januss E.
CEO
May 31, 2024

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

Excellent customer support! Fully functional system at low cost. Easy to understand.

Dave J.
Operations Director
Apr 16, 2024

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

Simple and Impressive. I especially loved that there were questions to help me make the best choice. But what I really loved was how very easily I was able to get policies and terms and conditions tailored to my needs. This can be an intimidating process since I wanted to ensure compliance, but their software made it easy and definitely left me feeling very confident.

Saria K.
Owner
Nov 25, 2023

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

Great, easy to use.

Kathleen N.
Owner
May 06, 2023

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

Great Product! Over all I was happy using TermsFeed. It was very easy to use. Very easy to understand.

Verified Reviewer
Travel Agent
Mar 19, 2023

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

A quick and easy solution to get my website up and running! So easy to use! It was super quick and affordable and I didn't need to pay for a lawyer

Verified Reviewer
Media Manager
Feb 20, 2023

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

Excellent! Complying with German data protection laws. The outstanding customer service and ease of creating all the docs you need.I had just about completed a website (I design for friends, so it's not my main job) here in Germany and I needed to be sure I was complying with all data protection laws. They are very strict here, and the fines are huge. I was going round in circle but then found TermsFeed, which sorted everything out for me.

Sally U.
Business Officer
Feb 19, 2023

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

My overall experience was amazing and I'm very happy to continually work with TermsFeed. Pros: How well it was compliant with todays laws and how cheap it was. I would've had to spend thousands on an attorney or lawyer to do the same thing TermsFeed did for much cheaper.

Andrew S.
Owner
Feb 17, 2023

Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.

https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/

What people are saying about us.

See real feedback from users who share their experience with TermsFeed on their own websites.

"First, on our list, we have an all-rounder freemium tool for creating trusted legal agreements: TermsFeed."

April 02, 2021

Read this review

"Overall, TermsFeed is ideal for websites, apps, e-commerce stores, Facebook apps, software as a service (SaaS) apps, and a wide range of other settings."

July 28, 2021

Read this review

"TermsFeed has one of the most intuitive user interfaces we've encountered in generators of its kind."

January 19, 2022

Read this review

"TermsFeed does a great job of spitting out legalese without breaking a sweat."

January 15, 2015

Read this review

Expert insights on our blog.

Legal knowledge made simple — helping your business stay compliant with ease.

The Fine Print of AI Terms of Service: What Most Businesses Miss

AI platforms are helpful for content creation, coding, product development, and numerous other tasks. However, many people don't actually read the Terms of Service for common AI platforms, and just click "Accept". This exposes your business to legal and operational risks, as there are clauses that could affect important issues including...

Can You Legally Refuse a Customer's Order? Understanding Offer, Acceptance, and Contract Formation Online

Online sales move fast. In a matter of seconds, online shoppers can add items to their cart and check out. While making sales is obviously a good thing, the fast nature of ecommerce can leave businesses wondering about their rights when it comes to accepting or rejecting orders. Can you...

Pricing Mistakes on Your Website: Can You Cancel an Order?

In the vast and competitive world of ecommerce, prices can fluctuate rapidly and automated systems handle thousands of transactions a day. Because of this, it's inevitable that a pricing error may end up on your website at some point. Imagine listing a high-end electronic device for $99 instead of $2999...

Compliance made simple. Total peace of mind.

Stay legally compliant with ease. Our all-in-one solution offers ready-to-use agreements, policies, cookie consent banners, and essential tools — everything you need to protect your business and meet legal requirements effortlessly.

Sign Up

Products

Privacy Policy Generator
Terms and Conditions Generator
Cookies Policy Generator
Disclaimer Generator
EULA Generator
Return and Refund Policy Generator
Terms of Service Generator
Terms of Use Generator
Privacy Consent (Cookies & Embedded Content)
Cookie Consent
CCPA Opt-out
I Agree Checkbox
Embed Consent

Templates

Sample Privacy Policy Template [Download]
Sample Terms & Conditions Template
Sample EULA Template [Download]
Sample Terms of Service Template [Download]
Sample Terms of Use Template [Download]
Sample Cookies Policy Template [Download]
Disclaimer Template
Return & Refund Policy Template
Shipping Policy Template
Service Level Agreement (SLA) Template

Resources

Blog
Help
FAQs
Videos
Dictionary
E-books

Company

How It Works
Reviews
About
Pricing
Jobs
Contact

Disclaimer: Legal information is not legal advice, read the disclaimer. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site.

   

Copyright © 2012 - 2025 TermsFeed®. All rights reserved.

Our Privacy Policy
Our Cookies Policy
Our Terms of Use
Czech
Danish
German
English
Spanish
French
Italian
Dutch
Norwegian
Polish
Portugese
Slovak
Slovenian
Swedish