TerraCycle Recycle the unrecyclable with TerraCycle® Most popular Recycle at home Recycle at school Recycle in-store New programs Most popular Recycle at home Recycle at school Recycle in-store New programs View all programs What’s new? There’s always a lot happening at TerraCycle! You’ll find what you need to know here, whether it’s the announcement of a new recycling program, our latest sustainability tips, or a media story you may have missed. Invest in innovation When you invest in TerraCycle, you’re funding strategic acquisitions to scale our footprint and recycle more than ever before. Learn more Recycle with your school Join schools around the world in recycling hard-to-recycle trash for free with TerraCycle. Earn TerraCycle points that can be redeemed as cash donations to your school! Get started Tell your composter about Zero Waste Bags Do you use a composting service? Tell them you want them to offer Zero Waste Bags—the simple recycling solution to recycle hard-to-recycle trash at home! Learn more Show more... Show less How we’re Eliminating the Idea of Waste® Free recycling programs Explore our free recycling programs to recycle hard-to-recycle trash from popular brands. See all free programs Zero Waste Box™ It’s easy to #RecycleEverything with our paid recycling solutions. Learn more TerraCycle Made Shop products made from the trash we’ve recycled together. Shop Now Loop A new way to shop, waste-free. Get the products you love in reusable packaging. Learn more Get to know TerraCycle At TerraCycle, we believe there should be no such thing as waste. We’ve been finding new solutions and new uses for our trash for over 20 years. Together, we’re keeping valuable materials out of our landfills and environment, and Eliminating the Idea of Waste. Learn about us We are the most innovative waste management company on earth. We operate in over 20 countries, engage over 200 million people, and recycle billions of pieces of trash through our various platforms annually. Learn more Positive impact We put the planet first. By advocating for less consumption and helping companies make their products reusable or locally recyclable, we’re working toward a future in which our recycling programs are no longer needed. Learn more Our recycling process Through our sophisticated research and development process, we invent solutions to recycle the unrecyclable. We execute these solutions to precise, best-in-class standards and perform audits to hold ourselves accountable. Learn more Invest in TerraCycle TerraCycle is the world’s largest recycler of coffee pods, toys, cosmetic waste, car seats, and hundreds of other hard-to-recycle waste streams. TerraCycle US has grown 75% in the last four years (2020-2024), and we’re raising capital to scale further through strategic acquisitions. Invest now to make an impact. Invest now TerraCycle Foundation The TerraCycle Foundation fights ocean plastic at the source. Working closely with local communities in regions with heavily-polluted waterways, we design river waste prevention, collection, and recycling solutions. Learn more Corporate partnership opportunities No matter the size of your organization, we have turnkey solutions to help you recycle anything, integrate recycled content into your products, shift to reusables, and much more. Learn more Recycle anything Engage consumers and build brand value by sponsoring a national recycling program for your products and packaging. ​ For offices and facilities, we also offer bulk solutions for recycling everything from coffee capsules and PPE to regulated waste. Our programs range from mailback to pickup, offering customizable solutions that can be easily adapted to fit your needs. Learn more about TerraCycle recycling solutions. Create products with recycled material We develop custom supply chains to collect and process unique recycled materials that tell a story (from beach plastic to festival waste and more) for integration in your brand’s primary packaging. From there, our team works with you to leverage this story to generate sales lifts, incremental display space, positive earned media placements, and marketing buzz. Learn more about TerraCycle recycled material. Shift to reusables Transform your disposable packaging into durable, reusable alternatives with Loop. A TerraCycle innovation, Loop is a reuse platform that enables our partners–from the world’s largest consumer brands to the newest start-ups–to rethink and design out of disposability while maintaining convenience and affordability. Learn more about Loop. Integrate innovation Would you like to find out if your products can, at their end of life, deliver useful health and wellness insights for your consumers? Analyzing human, household, animal, and mechanical samples left on products and packaging before recycling can help customers lead more informed and healthier lives with added insights. Learn more about TerraCycle Discovery.