Grammar
Vocabulary
Listening
Reading
Use of English
Writing
Exams
Login
Test-English
Take your learning with you!

Grammar lessons with exercises and clear explanations, grammar charts, reading and listening tests with transcriptions, writing lessons, instant marking, answer feedback, and much more!

What would you like to learn today?
Grammar Lessons

Study the grammar lessons that are typically included in each level: A1, A2, B1, B1+, B2. There are three or more exercises and an explanation in each lesson, and feedback for every single question!

Go to the lessons
Vocabulary Lessons

Boost your vocabulary with exercises tailored for each level: A1, A2, B1, B1+, B2. Every lesson features keywords, definitions, pictures and quizzes with personalized feedback to enhance your learning.

Go to the lessons
Listening Tests

Improve your listening skills by practicing with our video tests. There are tests for each level: A1, A2, B1, B1+, B2. You will be able to see the transcription of the audio after you submit your answers.

Go to the tests
Reading Tests

Need to improve your reading skills? Work on our reading tests. There are reading tests for A1, A2, B1, B1+ and B2. You will find different types of texts and there are different types of questions in each test.

Go to the tests
Use of English Tests

In each of these tests you will find 15 multiple-choice questions about the different grammar lessons that you have studied for a specific level: A1, A2, B1, B1+ and B2.  You will get feedback for every answer.

Go to the tests
Writing Lessons

Improve your writing with the exercises suggested in each lesson. Different types of texts for each level: A1, A2, B1, B1+, or B2. You will learn how to organise and connect the text in your compositions.

Go to the lessons
Exams

Improve your exam skills and achieve better results with our practice materials. Test-English will help you with your Cambridge KEY, Cambridge Preliminary, Cambridge First, IELTS, or TOEFL iBT exam.

Go to the exams
Level Test

If you are not sure about your level, don't worry, you can take this online test. There are 60 multiple-choice questions and there is no time limit. You will be able to see the answers when you finish the test.

Take a level test
Check our latest lessons and tests!
A walk gone wrong – C1 English Reading Test
Ways of walking – C1 English Vocabulary
Advanced past simple, past continuous & past perfect
Giving personal information – A1 English Listening Test
A film review – B2 English Writing
The girl who saved 100 lives – A2 English Reading Test
© Copyright 2016-2025
test-english.com
All rights reserved.

Made at
illadelsbous.com
Levels
A1 Elementary
A2 Pre-intermediate
B1 Intermediate
B1 Upper-intermediate
B2 Pre-advanced
Info
About us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Declaration
Get in Touch
Contact us
Request a topic for a lesson
Change your cookie consent
Take a level test
Upgrade to pro