Sauce Mobile App Distribution (TestFairy) Introducing Sauce AI: Intelligent Agents for Next-Gen Software Quality Test Smarter x SAUCE MOBILE APP DISTRIBUTION (TESTFAIRY) VS. APP CENTER Seamless Transition from App Center to Enterprise-Grade Mobile App Distribution Don't let App Center's retirement disrupt your app distribution and beta testing process. Switch to Sauce Mobile App Distribution, powered by TestFairy, for enterprise-grade scale, high reliability, top-tier security, and simplified beta tester management. Sign up today Request a demo FIREBASE ALTERNATIVE Why Sauce Labs Mobile App Distribution? With Mobile App Distribution & Beta Testing as part of Sauce Labs Platform for Test, leverage the broadest mobile testing solution that enables enterprises to achieve quality at speed throughout the mobile app SDLC- pre-production to production. Controlled App Distribution Leverage our all-in-one iOS and Android platform for highly configurable, secure app distribution that ensures only the right users can access the right app versions. App Storage & Management at Scale Configure everything through our API’s and integrate with various CI/CD tools (Fastlane and others). Simplify app management with an intuitive web and mobile interface, for seamless uploads, downloads, and app installs. Simplified Tester Management Easily manage tests with the ability to sync, create and update tester groups to distribute apps via email, landing pages or tester dashboard. Enterprise-grade Scale and Reliability Seamlessly manage large app loads and support thousands of beta testers with our platform. Benefit with high reliability with our solid track record for uptime and rapid issue resolution. Advanced Security Benefit with Industry-leading features including private cloud, private storage, and ensure corporate compliance with app distribution that can sync with your corporate Single Sign-on. Seamless Migration Get minimal disruption by easily importing your existing testers and app builds from Firebase to Sauce Labs. Quality at speed across the mobile app SDLC With Mobile App Distribution & Beta Testing as part of Sauce Labs Platform for Test, you can leverage the broadest mobile testing solution that enables enterprises in the modern era of DevOps to maximize pre-production to production coverage. Explore Sauce Mobile What are our customers saying about Sauce Mobile App Distribution? Sauce Mobile App Distribution (TestFairy) has helped us a lot in the integration process, solving any issue that has arisen in our journey." Enric Solà Quality Innovation Manager at King "With Mobile App Distribution we were able to cut our testing cycle by 50% with better quality." Hermes Reis IT Architect Specialist at Volkswagen APP DISTRIBUTION Uncompromising distribution scale and control Sauce Labs understands the critical need for secure, scalable app storage and distribution, enabling you to efficiently manage applications for internal and external developers, testers, and stakeholders with enterprise-grade support. Read Documentation App Distribution - Sauce Mobile App Sauce Mobile App Distribution Enterprise Certificate App Expiration Manual App Review Landing Pages Tester Dashboard Internal App Store Download with QR Code Group by Tags and Projects/Folders Handle large loads of apps and builds Handle large number of beta testers Visual Studio App Center Enterprise Certificate App Expiration Manual App Review Landing Pages Tester Dashboard Internal App Store Download with QR Code Group by Tags and Projects/Folders Handle large loads of apps and builds Handle large number of beta testers ENTERPRISE-GRADE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE Secure platform built for high compliance Sauce Labs takes security seriously by complying with the strictest data protection and privacy standards. Leverage a secure platform that is purpose built for highly compliant enterprises. Read Documentation Enterprise-Grade Security Sauce Mobile App Distribution Private Cloud Private Storage Configurable retention policy Integration with Single Sign-On: OKTA, Ping, OneLogin, Google, Microsoft, Oracle, Citrix, and more SOC 2 Type II ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 Visual Studio App Center Private Cloud Private Storage Configurable Retention Policy PARTIAL integration with Single Sign-On SOC 2 Type II ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 MOBILE TESTING Seamless testing at any stage of the SDLC Sauce Labs Mobile Solutions help you execute the right tests at the right time across the entire mobile app software development life cycle to maximize pre-production and production coverage and connect the customer experience to end-to-end testing.

Find our mobile solutions below Mobile Testing Sauce Mobile App Distribution Mobile Testing with Real Devices Mobile Testing with Emulators and Simulators Accessibility Testing (Mobile) Debugging and Intelligent Insights Crash and Error Reporting Visual Studio App Center Mobile Testing with Real Devices Mobile Testing with Emulators and Simulators Accessibility Testing (Mobile) Debugging and Intelligent Insights Crash and Error Reporting Learn more about Accessibility Testing Looking to integrate accessibility testing into your continuous quality testing workflows? Connect with our experts today. Request a demo Terms of Service Privacy Policy EEA CCPA Your Privacy Choices © 2025 Sauce Labs Inc., all rights reserved. SAUCE and SAUCE LABS are registered trademarks owned by Sauce Labs Inc. in the United States, EU, and may be registered in other jurisdictions.