TestFreaks – Ratings & Reviews Platform Product Customers Company Log in Book demo Product reviews for the customer obsessed Collect reviews and feedback from your customers. Use it in your sales and marketing. Grow your business. For customer experience freaks only. Book demo Learn more Overview The TestFreaks Platform Grow faster with the help of your customers, and these services. Ratings & Reviews Collect reviews, Q&A and other content from your customers. All the features and implementation options you need to get started. Review Crawling and Syndication Don't limit yourself to your own channels. Use our crawled reviews from over 15,000 sources. Syndicate content in any direction. Sales and Marketing Use your user-generated content in sales and marketing. Increase conversion rates, and improve your SEO and SEM campaigns. Customer Experience In the end, it's all about your customers. Build their trust and help them engage with your brand. Questions & Answers Why product reviews? Showing what other people actually think about a product is the best way to improve the customer experience in shopping. It will also increase conversion rates (10-30% in our tests), increase your visibility in search engines, and your click-through rates from Google. It's the #1 feature consumers say they are missing in e-commerce. (Source: E-barometern February 2020) 93% of consumers read product reviews before making online purchases, whether you have them on your website or not. (Source: DIY Consumer Report) Having just one review can increase orders of that product by 10%. (Source: Think with Google) For brands, it's critical to monitor and manage the online reputation of products where purchase decisions are made. It's also a great way to find out how to improve your products. What about negative reviews? First, we have a great content moderation team which will make sure that spam, personal data, etc is never published. Customers who have experienced problems with delivery, or need support, are referred to your customer service. For all our customers, the vast majority of reviews are positive. A few negative reviews build trust in all other reviews. It's also a chance to identify improvements you can make to product descriptions, and to engage with customers by responding to the review. Do you have content moderation? Yes, we have our own moderation team working in over 20 languages. Your customer service is looped in when needed. You can also do the moderation yourself using our excellent content moderation tool. What e-commerce platforms do you support? We support most standard platforms, including SAP, Salesforce, Optimizely/Episerver, Vendre, Norce, Centra, Shopify, Bigcommerce, Magento, WooCommerce, 3DCart, Prestashop and Volusion. We can also implement through a simple tag in Google Tagmanager. You can always choose to use our APIs for a custom integration. What languages do you support? We support over 30 languages, and add more when needed. We fully support Arabic, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian and Vietnamese. Most of our services are also available in Croatian, Czech, Estonian, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Persian, Romanian, Serbian, Slovak and Slovenian. What's your pricing? It depends on what services you need and your volumes. Please contact us for details. Do you have existing reviews for my product catalog? We probably do, we have a large catalog of syndicated and crawled reviews. You can use these to complement your collected reviews and increase coverage in any language. Our catalog contains millions of user, expert and video reviews. Please contact us for a coverage report. Can I import my existing reviews? Yes. We have connectors for most platforms, and will help with any custom formats you need. We can run these reviews through our content moderation before publication, if required. Do you have a Q&A service in your platform? Yes! It's part of our platform and an excellent way to build the content your visitors need in order to make decisions. Global Scale Our platform scales to meet your requirements. 100 million reviews 20 billion customer interactions 30+ languages Ready to see TestFreaks in action? Schedule a demo, or learn more about our platform and how it works. Book demo Learn more TestFreaks AB, Norrtullsgatan 6, 113 29 Stockholm, Sweden LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Twitter GitHub Product Overview Customers Security Resources Documentation API Reference System Status Partners Company About Jobs Contact Legal Privacy Cookie Policy SLA © 2024 TestFreaks AB. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.