Teva Pharmaceutical Company | Teva Pharmaceuticals Delay Time 20 Minutes Delay Time 20 Minutes Country Country We Are All In for Better Health Teva Pharmaceuticals is a leading innovative biopharmaceutical company, enabled by a world-class generics business. Get to know Teva Finding solutions to unmet medical needs Teva focuses on innovative medicine for various therapeutic areas including neuroscience and immunology. Learn about our latest innovations Dedicated to addressing patients’ needs Developing innovative medicines for the future while championing the production of generics and biosimilars. Learn about our solutions Shaping the future of healthcare by advancing innovative medicines By embracing both our past and future, we are committed to better health for patients globally. Read more Introducing Teva RISE We don't just talk innovation. We define it. Ready to RISE with us? Stepping Up Innovation Innovation for patients is at the heart of what we do, in every stage of drug development and delivery. From in-house innovation to strategic partnerships, we are persistent in the creation of innovative medicines, generics and biologics to increase the accessibility and affordability of existing medicines. Explore the Teva R&D pipeline Press Releases December 24, 2025 S&P Global Ratings Upgrades Teva to ‘BB+’ Amid Strong Execution of Pivot to Growth Strategy; Moody's Ratings Agency Revises Outlook to Positive December 19, 2025 Alvotech and Teva Secure U.S. Settlement Date for AVT06, a Proposed Biosimilar to Eylea® December 12, 2025 Teva Releases Q4 2025 Aide Memoire December 12, 2025 Teva to Host Conference Call to Discuss Fourth Quarter 2025 Financial Results at 8 a.m. ET on January 28, 2026 December 9, 2025 Teva Pharmaceuticals Submits New Drug Application to FDA for Olanzapine Extended-Release Injectable Suspension (TEV-'749) for the Once-Monthly Treatment of Schizophrenia in Adults November 25, 2025 Teva receives European Commission approvals for PONLIMSI® (denosumab) Biosimilar to Prolia® and DEGEVMA® (denosumab) Biosimilar to Xgeva® November 21, 2025 Teva to Present at the 8th Annual Evercore Healthcare Conference, the Piper Sandler 37th Annual Healthcare Conference and Citi’s 2025 Global Healthcare Conference in December November 19, 2025 Teva Launches Rise: A Global Open Innovation Platform to Accelerate AI, Industry 4.0, Smart Manufacturing, Digital Health and Biotech Breakthroughs for Pharma’s Biggest Challenges November 7, 2025 AUSTEDO® (deutetrabenazine) tablets and AUSTEDO XR® (deutetrabenazine) extended-release tablets Demonstrate Positive Real-world Impact, with Patients Reporting Improvement in Involuntary Movements and Activities of Daily Living November 5, 2025 Teva's Innovative Portfolio Drives 11th Consecutive Quarter of Growth in Q3 2025; Increases 2025 Outlook for Austedo® and Non-GAAP EPS View all press releases Previous Next Healthy Future: Sustainability at Teva Teva's Healthy Future Report: Creating the Future We Want to See Our latest Healthy Future Report shows the steps Teva is taking for the health of people, the planet and our business. Healthy Future Report Take a closer look at what we do Global Innovation Research & Development Patient Focus Teva Rise: Accelerating Pharma Innovation Globally Sustainability Impact Using Antibiotics Wisely. Making Them Responsibly. Global Innovation Global Operations Building the Factory of the Future with Augmented Reality Innovation Growth Q3 business highlights at a glance Patients caregivers Schizophrenia TD Mental Health Global Life Effects Patient Focus Caregivers Disease Awareness Living with Schizophrenia and Tardive Dyskinesia: An Expert Perspective Patients caregivers Global Life Effects Humanizing Health Patient Focus Disease Awareness Caregivers Taking time to listen: meeting a tardive dyskinesia patient Patients caregivers Global Life Effects Humanizing Health Patient Focus Caregivers Disease Awareness Taking time to listen: meeting a schizophrenia patient Caregivers Disease Awareness Global Humanizing Health Life Effects Patient Focus Patients caregivers Taking time to listen: meeting a schizophrenia carer Our People Innovation Health & Technology 3 Trends I’m Watching in Antibody Generation Global Innovation Biosimilars Access to Medicine Research & Development Shaping the Future of Medicine through Innovation & Collaboration View all stories Careers at Teva Make a difference to people's health, every day Working at Teva is not just a job, it’s so much more than that. Here, you get to spend each day helping millions of people around the world enjoy healthier lives. At the same time, you’ll be joining a dedicated team, united by the strong sense that we’re building something greater than ourselves. Explore a Teva Career Patients and Caregivers Stories Mental Health Huntington's Disease Accessibility Coping Strategies HD is Stealing My Ability to Communicate: This is How  We Fight Back Mental Health Schizophrenia Triggers, Symptoms & Flare-Ups Who Am I? Exploring the Tension Between Treatment and Identity after Psychosis Schizophrenia Mental Health Self-Care & Lifestyle Psychosis and Cognitive Impairment Schizophrenia Mental Health Therapy & Counseling Triggers, Symptoms & Flare-Ups From Chaos to Clarity: How Anxiety Shaped My Experience with Auditory Hallucinations Mental Health Schizophrenia Diet & Nutrition Cooking for One with Schizophrenia: How Good Food Became My Mental Health Ally Mental Health Schizophrenia Animals & Nature Coping Strategies Fur, Purrs, and Peace: How My Cats Help Me Cope with Schizophrenia Mental Health Schizophrenia Coping Strategies Hobbies & Interests Play On: How Music Helps Me Cope with the Long-Term Effects of Schizophrenia Mental Health Schizophrenia Animals & Nature Gentle Grounding: The Mental Health Benefits of Nature When Living with Schizophrenia Tardive Dyskinesia Mental Health Coping Strategies Living Well with Tardive Dyskinesia: Stress-Relief Strategies That Help Me Schizophrenia Mental Health Coping Strategies Self-Care & Lifestyle When Life Doesn’t Wait: Learning to Move Forward While Healing from Psychosis View all stories Our Purpose Our colleagues embody the Teva purpose in their work every day. Read more Our Purpose Contact Us Terms of Use Social Media Guidelines Teva api Medis Teva Code of Conduct Supplier Code of Conduct Environmental, Social and Governance at Teva All Corporate Governance & Policy Documents Sitemap Data Privacy Pharmacovigilance Privacy Notice Accessibility Statement Cookie Settings Facebook icon Twitter icon أيقونة لينكدإن Copyright © 2025 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Click here to back to top You are about to leave the Teva Pharmaceuticals global website Close The website you are about to access may be governed by different regional policies, regulations or advertising codes. Please be sure to read the privacy policy and terms of use of the websites that you visit. Teva Pharmaceuticals is not responsible for the accuracy or compliance with laws of information on any third party websites. Do you wish to proceed? Go to site