Office of the Attorney General Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to main content Español About News Opinions Careers Contact Us Search Menu Keywords Search × Child Support Your Online Account Back to top of menu Your Online Account Paying and Receiving Child Support About Your Online Account Agency Partners Child Support Enforcement Pro­grams and Initiatives Child Support Guidelines Review Crime Victims Crime Victims’ Compensation Program Back to top of menu Crime Victims’ Compensation Program Victims of Crime Crime Victims’ Compensation Program How May We Help You? Advocate Resources Consumer Protection File a Consumer Complaint Back to top of menu File a Consumer Complaint Automotive Scams Common Scams Equifax Identity Theft Seniors and the Elderly Open Government 2025 Texas Legislative Session Update Back to top of menu 2025 Texas Legislative Session Update Governmental Bodies How to Request an Attorney General Opinion Members of the Public Open Meetings Act Suspension Updates Open Records Complaint Open Reports and Publications Job Listings All Divisions Opinions Initiatives Newsroom About Contact us Español Search Keywords Search Texas Office of the Attorney General Leading Initiatives Border Security Election Integrity Human Trafficking Initiative Big Tech Texas Office of the Attorney General Leading Initiatives Border Security Election Integrity Human Trafficking Initiative Big Tech Recent News & Press Releases Attorney General Ken Paxton Files Historic Lawsuit Against Democrat Runaways in SCOTX to Secure Order Declaring Their Seats Vacant August 8 2025 | Press Release Attorney General Ken Paxton Secures a $1.25 Million Settlement with Hyatt Hotels, Forcing the Company to Stop Hiding Added Fees December 30 2025 | Press Release Attorney General Ken Paxton Takes Legal Action in Lawsuit Involving the Terrorist Organization CAIR December 23 2025 | Press Release Attorney General Ken Paxton Announces Launch of New Crime Victims' Services Website December 22 2025 | Press Release CONSUMER ALERT: Ken Paxton Warns Texans About CCP-Aligned Smart TVs that are Spying on Them December 19 2025 | Press Release See all the news Actions Liberty and Justice for Texas Child Support We are here to make sure every child receives the support they need and deserve. Crime Victims Crime victims and their families may need information, resources, or financial assistance. We're here to help. Consumer Protection Texans deserve a free and honest market.  We're here to protect their rights. Open Government Open Government elevates Texans to their proper role as partners in leadership. We’re here to protect that role. Effective July 1, 2024 Texas Data Privacy & Security Act Are you a Texan concerned that your personal information is being unlawfully collected, sold, or mishandled by a business? Effective July 1, 2024, the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act grants Texas residents key rights over their personal data. It also requires companies that collect, use, store, sell, share, analyze, or process consumers' personal data to establish privacy protection safeguards. If you believe a company has violated your data privacy rights file a complaint at the link below: Con­sumer Pri­va­cy Rights About Ken Paxton, The Office and The Leadership Team KEN PAXTON Ken Paxton is the 51st Attorney General of Texas. He was elected on November 4, 2014, and sworn into office on January 5, 2015. As the state's top law enforcement officer, Attorney General Paxton leads more than 4,000 employees in 38 divisions and 117 offices around Texas. That includes nearly 750 attorneys, who handle more than 30,000 cases annually. About The Office Back to top Back to Top Asset 1 Twitter Facebook PO Box 12548 Austin, TX 78711-2548 Child Support Crime Victims Consumer Protection Open Government All Divisions Opinions Initiatives Human Resources Newsroom Where the Money Goes ADA Compliance Compact With Texans Cost Efficiency Saving Ideas Reporting Fraud State Agency Contracts TRAILS Search Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal Texas.gov Accessibility & Site Policies