The Texas Tribune Don't let the story end here. MAKE A YEAR-END GIFT! Close Search for: Search Investigations Guides About Events Data Newsletters Donate Close Skip to content Investigations Guides About Events Data Newsletters Donate The Texas Tribune Independent news. Trusted by Texans. Open Search Search for: Search Donate Menu Topic Menu Donate 2026 Elections Property Taxes Texas A&M School Takeovers “Bathroom Bill” About Corrections and Clarifications About The Texas Tribune | Staff | Contact | Send a Confidential Tip | Ethics | Republish Our Work | Jobs | Awards | Corrections | Strategic Plan | Downloads | Documents Our reporting on all platforms will be truthful, transparent and respectful; our facts will be accurate, complete and fairly presented. When we make a mistake — and from time to time, we will — we will work quickly to fully address the error, correcting it within the story, detailing the error on the story page and adding it to this running list of Tribune corrections. If you find an error, email corrections@texastribune.org . Texas 2025: Year in Photos Photojournalists document another year across Texas. Our photos illustrated the tense redistricting debate at the Capitol, the aftermath of the Hill County floods and more. By Pu Ying Huang and The Texas Tribune Photo Team Dec. 31, 2025 Jay Janner/American-Statesman/Pool Austin police officer Christopher Taylor acquitted in 2019 shooting by appeals court by Kate McGee Dec. 30, 2025 Eli Hartman/The Texas Tribune Texas appeals court says AG Ken Paxton can’t require counties to hand over case data by Ayden Runnels and Kate McGee May 16, 2025 Dec. 30, 2025 Clockwise from top left: Shelby Tauber, Eli Hartman, Brenda Bazán and Annie Rice for The Texas Tribune State Government Texas 2025: The stories that mattered most to readers by Matt Adams Dec. 30, 2025 Ronaldo Bolaños/The Texas Tribune State Government A look back at some of The Texas Tribune’s best reads of 2025 by Rebekah Allen Dec. 26, 2025 Michael Gonzalez for The Texas Tribune Economy “Construction can’t continue”: South Texas builders say ICE arrests have upended industry by Berenice Garcia Dec. 24, 2025 Jordan Vonderhaar for The Texas Tribune Dallas County Republicans abandon plan to hand-count ballots in March primary Dallas County Republican Chairman Allen West cited cost, staffing, and logistics concerns for the decision. By Jessica Huseman Votebeat Dec. 30, 2025 Manoo Sirivelu/The Texas Tribune Blamed for the nation’s historic measles outbreak, West Texas Mennonites have hardened their views on vaccines Months after public health officials say they caused the nation’s largest measles surge in 30 years, some West Texas Mennonites have grown more skeptical of the mainstream medical system. By Lindsey Byman , GRAPHICS BY Dan Keemahill Dec. 17, 2025 Dec. 30, 2025 Shelby Tauber for The Texas Tribune Texas to receive $281 million in federal funds for rural health care Texas will get the biggest portion of the first rollout of the $50 billion Rural Health Transformation Program, which was created in tandem with legislation slashing Medicaid funding. By Colleen DeGuzman Dec. 29, 2025 Explore Our Data Elected Officials Directory To help Texans know more about their representatives, we’ve gathered the bios, contact information and more for the occupants of the state’s highest offices. Government Salaries Explorer Review the compensation of hundreds of thousands of state and municipal employees in Texas. Texas Public Schools Explorer Review key academic, enrollment and financial records on all of Texas’ 1,300 districts and 8,500 public schools. Our data explorers cover many Texas topics Read More The Best of the Tribune in your Inbox The Brief keeps Texas voters and political observers up to speed on the most essential coverage of their elected officials, the policies that shape their daily lives and the future of our great state. Sign up Gabriel V. Cárdenas for The Texas Tribune Health care The Rio Grande Valley among Texas regions most impacted by expiring health insurance subsidies By Berenice Garcia and Gabby Birenbaum , Data reporting by Dan Keemahill Dec. 29, 2025 Dec. 29, 2025 Alex Ford Graphics and data reporting Here are the most important stories from our data visuals team in 2025 by Chris Essig Dec. 29, 2025 Dylan Baddour/Inside Climate News Environment Indigenous groups fight to save rediscovered settlement site on Texas coast By Dylan Baddour, Inside Climate News Dec. 23, 2025 Dec. 26, 2025 Protect independent Texas journalism. You deserve trusted news, and so do all Texans. Give today to support the reporting that keeps Texans informed. Donate now Courtney Sacco for The Texas Tribune Higher Education Texas A&M System declines to reinstate fired lecturer despite faculty panel’s findings by Jessica Priest Dec. 24, 2025 Brenda Bazán for The Texas Tribune Environment Trump administration weighing new South Texas land exchange with Elon Musk’s SpaceX by Ayden Runnels Dec. 23, 2025 Dec. 24, 2025 Michael Stravato for The Texas Tribune Courts Government liable for damage to homes near Houston dams during Hurricane Harvey floods, court rules by Colleen DeGuzman Dec. 24, 2025 The Best of the Tribune in your Inbox The Y’all is a weekly dispatch about the people, places and policies that define the state of Texas. Produced by Texas Tribune journalists embedded in communities across the state. Sign up Eddie Gaspar/The Texas Tribune 2026 Texas Elections Texas comptroller GOP primary attracts big money from donors with business before the agency by Alejandro Serrano Dec. 24, 2025 Salgu Wissmath for The Texas Tribune Transgender Texans Ken Paxton’s office launches tip line to encourage enforcement of Texas’ “bathroom bill” by Ayden Runnels Dec. 17, 2025 Dec. 23, 2025 REUTERS/Jeenah Moon Courts Texas National Guard’s deployment in Illinois blocked by U.S. Supreme Court by Alex Nguyen Dec. 23, 2025 State Government Federal judge temporarily blocks Texas law restricting kids from app stores by Alex Nguyen and Stephen Simpson Dec. 23, 2025 Azul Sordo for The Texas Tribune Courts “Terrorist” designation doesn’t apply to local CAIR chapters, Paxton argues in defending Abbott order By Penelope Rivera , KERA News Dec. 23, 2025 Mark Felix for The Texas Tribune Courts Feds and Colony Ridge agree to settle predatory lending lawsuit, court records show by Alejandro Serrano Dec. 23, 2025 Load more posts Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and/or try again. Donate View your giving history Contact Us Advertise Send us a confidential tip Topics Congress Courts Criminal Justice Demographics Economy Energy Environment Health Care Higher Education Immigration Politics Public Education State Government Transportation Info About Us Our Staff Jobs Who Funds Us? Strategic Plan Republishing Guidelines Code of Ethics Terms of Service Privacy Policy Corrections Newsletters Audio Video RSS Feeds Social Media Facebook X YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Reddit © 2025 The Texas Tribune Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy Gift this article Close Link Copy link Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website