State Bar of Texas | Home TexasBar.com | Home State Bar of Texas Menu LOGIN Login Forgot your password? First time logging in? For The Public Public Home Do You Need a Lawyer? Find a Lawyer How to Select a Lawyer Lawyer Referral & Information Service LRIS Online Attorney Referral Can't Afford a Lawyer? Problems with an Attorney Grievance & Ethics Information Resolve a Dispute File a Grievance Get Help When You Can’t Locate Your Lawyer Client Security Fund Committee on Disciplinary Rules and Referenda Información en Español ¿Necesita un Abogado? Resolver una Disputa Información Sobre Quejas y Etica ¿No Puede Pagar un Abogado? Affordable Legal Services Free Legal Resources Pamphlets Immigration Videos TexasLawHelp Texas Court Rules Libraries Open Records Requests Juror Resources Law-Related Education Law-Related Education Civics Resources: Oyez, Oyez, Oh Yay! Civics Resources: I was the the first. Vote for Me! Texas Young Lawyers Association Curricula American Bar Association Law-Related Education Projects Do You Want to Be a Lawyer? What Do Lawyers Do? Frequently Asked Questions Texas Law School Information Loan Calculator Texas Board of Law Examiners Law School Admissions Council Financial Resources Guide for a Public Interest Legal Career Texas Young Lawyers Association Disaster Relief Resources Jobs in the Legal Profession FAQs for the Public For Lawyers Lawyers Home Find a Colleague Membership My Bar Page Your Profile & Contact Information Your Login & Password Common Requests & Membership Forms Dues & Other Fees New Lawyer Oath & Fees Texas Board of Law Examiners Paralegal Division Law Student Information Supervised Practice Cards Foreign Legal Consultants Out of State Attorney Indigent Defense Registration Military Spouse Attorney Military Attorney Registration Ineligible Attorney List Member Benefits Member Benefits and Services Free Trust & Billing Software by Smokeball Texas Bar Private Insurance Exchange Law Practice Management Program Career Center Ethics Library Ethics Opinions New Member Information Lawyer Referral & Information Service TexasBarCLE MCLE and CLE Sponsors MCLE Homepage Your MCLE Hours MCLE Requirements for Newly Licensed Attorneys About Reporting Your MCLE Hours MCLE Sponsors Definition of MCLE Credit Definition of Compliance Year MCLE Exemptions MCLE Course Search MCLE Rules Military Waiver Guardianship Ad Litem Texas Young Lawyers Association Knowledge Center Bar Service Opportunities Board of Directors Sections Paralegal Division Law Student Division Committees Other Opportunities Local and Regional Bars Leadership Texas Young Lawyers Association Texas Bar College Resource Guides Mentoring Performance Guidelines for Non-Capital Criminal Defense Representation New Lawyers Resources for Difficult Times Texas Ethics Resources Trust Accounts Libraries Committee on Disciplinary Rules and Referenda Disciplinary Process, Grievance, and Ethics Disciplinary Process Overview Complaint & Response Toll-Free Ethics Helpline for Lawyers Professional Ethics Committee Required Notice to Clients Solicitation and Barratry Committee on Disciplinary Rules and Referenda Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct Texas Rules of Disciplinary Procedure Commission for Lawyer Discipline Internal Operating Rules Advertising Review Texas Lawyers' Assistance Program (TLAP) Texas Lawyers' Assistance Program (TLAP) Sheeran-Crowley Lawyer Wellness Trust Apply for Board Certification Texas Bar Practice Judiciary Texas Supreme Court Texas Court of Criminal Appeals Texas Courts of Appeals Texas Courts Online Office of Court Administration E-filing Texas Supreme Court Orders & News Texas Uniform Jury Handbook Client-Attorney Assistance (CAAP) Technology Resources Disaster Resources Professionalism Resources Succession Planning Get Involved Attorney Career Development FAQs for Lawyers About Texas Bar About Texas Bar Home Our Mission Our Leadership President President-elect Immediate Past President Board of Directors Executive Team Our Finances Governing Documents Annual Reports BIDS/RFPS Research & Analysis Archives Governmental Relations Friday Update Legislative Program Home Local Bars & Organizations Local Bar Services Local Bar Leaders Conference Strategic Planning & Other Resources Roster of Local, Regional, Specialty, & Statewide Bar Associations Bar-Related Entities Texas Lawyers Auxiliary Sections and Divisions Sections Paralegal Division Law Student Division FAQs for the Public Contact Us Department Listings Contact Us News & Publications News & Publications Home Texas Bar Journal Digital Edition Table of Contents Past Issues Search TBJ Archives Submissions & Subscriptions Readership Surveys About Texas Bar Blog State Bar of Texas Podcast Texas Bar TV Texas Bar Books Newsletters Volunteer & Staff Guide For the Media For the Media Hub Press Releases Leadership Photos Grievance and Ethics Information Elections Advertise with Us Access To Justice Access To Justice Home Legal Access Department Pro Bono Awards Pro Bono Texas Campaign Volunteer Partners Events Annual Meeting Annual Meeting Home Past Annual Meetings Future Dates View Event Calendar View Event List TexasBarCLE Bar Books Member Benefits Career Center Find a Lawyer Advanced search 2026 Open Enrollment Enroll in 2026 individual health insurance coverage before 1/15/26. Shop and compare plans State Bar of Texas Podcast Conversations to improve your law practice. Learn more about the podcast Maximize Your Membership The State Bar of Texas offers services to help Texas attorneys with their law practices. Learn more about the many benefits available Find a Lawyer for the public My Bar Page for lawyers Can't afford an attorney? Get free legal information Grievance Statistics Need legal assistance? Contact the Lawyer Referral & Information Service. DISASTER RELIEF RESOURCES Free legal resources are available to low-income individuals affected by flooding in the Central Texas counties included in the federal disaster declaration of July 6 and the state disaster declarations of July 4 and 5. Find out more RESOURCES FOR VETERANS The state of Texas offers numerous programs and services to help veterans, their families, and their survivors. Go to the veterans portal COMMITTEE ON DISCIPLINARY RULES AND REFERENDA The Texas Legislature created the Committee on Disciplinary Rules and Referenda to regularly review attorney disciplinary rules and oversee the initial process for proposing rules changes. Find out more or submit comments CLIENT ATTORNEY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM The Client Attorney Assistance Program is a voluntary, confidential dispute resolution service of the State Bar of Texas. CAAP's objective is to facilitate communication and foster productive dialogue to assist Texas lawyers and their clients in resolving minor concerns, disputes, or misunderstandings within the context of the attorney-client relationship. Find out more about CAAP GRIEVANCE AND ETHICS INFORMATION The Texas attorney discipline system is administered by the Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel, whose work is overseen by the Commission for Lawyer Discipline. The CDC represents the commission in disciplinary litigation. Find out more about grievances and ethics FUTURE LAWYERS The State Bar of Texas provides resources for those who are considering a career as a lawyer. Information is available on Texas law schools, the Texas Board of Law Examiners, and the Law School Admissions Council. The Texas Young Lawyers Association produced a program titled What Do Lawyers Do? that features useful information on high school and college coursework and mentoring programs. Find out more about resources for future lawyers FAQs Answers to some of the most commonly asked questions, from “Can you help me decide what kind of lawyer I need?” to “How can I find an inexpensive lawyer, or a lawyer who will work for free?” Go to the FAQ web page More My Bar Page *Forgot your password? Login First time logging in? Are you MCLE compliant? Report Hours Contact us at [email protected] or call 512-427-1806. CERTIFICATE OF GOOD STANDING All requests for certificates of good standing, both with and without disciplinary history, are processed through the State Bar’s Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel (CDC). Learn more about requesting a certificate of good standing MEMBER BENEFITS AND SERVICES Be sure to check out benefits available through the State Bar of Texas Member Benefits Program. Find benefits for travel, technology, office and more. Go to the member benefits website SUCCESSION PLANNING The State Bar of Texas urges lawyers to evaluate their contingency plans. With advance preparation, a law practice is poised to adjust in times of adversity. Find succession planning resources FREE LEGAL RESEARCH Fastcase and Casemaker have combined to offer a comprehensive set of tools and products under one platform: Fastcase. The State Bar of Texas provides free access for all Texas attorneys. COMMITTEE ON DISCIPLINARY RULES AND REFERENDA The Texas Legislature created the Committee on Disciplinary Rules and Referenda to regularly review attorney disciplinary rules and oversee the initial process for proposing rules changes. Find out more or submit comments THE PRO BONO OPPORTUNITY PORTAL A new portal connects volunteer lawyers with Texans in need. Learn more about the Pro Bono Opportunity Portal More Our News filter by: All Articles Publications Events Press releases [Opinion] The Voting Rights Act at 60. 12/15 | by Paul K. Stafford Learn more about the Voting Rights Act Significant developments to the legal profession and caselaw over the past year. 12/15 | by Various Authors Learn more about significant developments to the legal profession and caselaw over the past year Executive Director’s Page: Innovation. Access. Service. The State Bar’s 2025 Story. 12/15 | by Trey Apffel Read more about the State Bar’s 2025 story Solo/Small Firm: Preparing for growth and success in the coming year. 12/15 | by Ruby L. Powers Read more about preparing for growth and success in the coming year In this month’s issue of the Texas Bar Journal —a look at the 2025 year in review, by the numbers 2024-2025, the ethics question of the month, and more. 12/15 | produced by the TBJ Staff Read more about the TBJ issue The Third Circuit refuses to criminalize employee violations of workplace computer-use policies. 12/15 | by Pierre Grosdidier Read more about how the Third Circuit refuses to criminalize employee violations of workplace computer-use policies More news Knowledge Center Legal Vendors Merchandise State Bar Jobs Advertise Site map The State Bar of Texas is committed to keeping our site compliant with all applicable laws and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Please contact us here with any needs, suggestions, or questions regarding ADA accessibility. The State Bar of Texas presents the information on this web site as a service to our members and other Internet users. While the information on this site is about legal issues, it is not legal advice. Moreover, due to the rapidly changing nature of the law and our reliance on information provided by outside sources, we make no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this site or at other sites to which we link. Contact © 2025 State Bar of Texas | 800.204.2222 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Member Fees Objections