Texas Health Resources | Health & Hospital System in North Texas Close Texas Health Resources Doctors Locations Services & Specialties Urgent Care Costs & Billing Get Care Now MyChart Schedule an Appointment Patient Resources Give About Texas Health Classes & Events Community Newsroom Get Involved Texas Health Physicians Group Careers Physician Resources Residencies and Internships Contact Us You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. For Physicians Vendors Careers MyChart Login Doctors Locations Services & Specialties Costs & Billing Get Care Now Search 1-877-847-9355 More Close Schedule on Your Schedule ◀ Primary Care Access our extensive network of primary care providers, offering in-person and video visits. FIND A PROVIDER Urgent Care Get in and out usually in 30 minutes or less with medications in hand. SAVE MY SPOT On-Demand Video Visits Experience quality urgent care from the comfort of your home. GET STARTED ▶ Manage Your Health Effortlessly with MyChart Your personal online portal for all healthcare needs. Login to MyChart Pregnancy From prenatal care and childbirth classes to labor and delivery and your hospital stay, learn the options and advantages of having your baby at a Texas Health hospital. LEARN MORE Heart and Vascular Care Stay ahead of heart disease by making your heart health a priority. Our comprehensive heart and vascular services make it easier to get the personalized care your heart needs. Learn More Back & Spine Texas Health offers comprehensive back and spine care using conservative approaches whenever possible to get you back to living a healthy life. Get Started Live Your Healthiest Life Our blog is an easy way to find helpful tips and information for improving your well-being and that of your loved ones. View Our Blog Health Risk Assessments Take a simple step to address your health with one of our quick, free health assessments. After completing, receive a detailed report to share with your physician. Heart Risk Back & Spine Hip & Knee Breast Cancer VIEW ALL ASSESSMENTS People Are the Heart of Our Organization We’ve been ranked eleven years in a row on Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For list. JOIN OUR TEAM More from the Newsroom Our apologies, but no results were found for your search criteria.  Please try something else. Stay connected Join our community of people focused on health & well-being. Sign up today to receive periodic emails with tips for living a healthy lifestyle, as well as invitations to Texas Health events and classes. Sign up today Engage with us Facebook YouTube Instagram Pinterest Are You a Well Being Contact us Send us a message 612 E. Lamar Boulevard Arlington, TX 76011 Our beliefs We believe that the potential of a community lies in the health and well-being of its members. Learn More © 2025 Texas Health Resources. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement Terms of Use Disclaimer Price Transparency Notice of Privacy Practices We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience on our website and help us understand how our site is used as described in our Privacy Statement and Terms of Use . By  using this website, you are agreeing to our Terms of Use . Accept and Close