The Texas Observer: Investigating Texas Since 1954 Skip to content The Texas Observer Since 1954 Toggle Menu Get the Magazine Donate Digital Library Toggle Search Search icon Search… Search Sections About The Magazine Support Events Donate Digital Library Toggle Search Search icon Sections Toggle Sections Border and Immigration Civil Rights Criminal Justice Culture Education Environment Extremism Housing Indigenous Affairs Labor Loon Star State Politics Public Health Reviews Rural Texas Photo Essays Poetry About Toggle About About the Observer Staff The Texas Democracy Foundation Leak to the Observer MOLLY National Journalism Prizes Work for the Texas Observer Syndication The Magazine Toggle The Magazine Get the Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Library Support Toggle Support Donate Become a Member Legacy Giving Member Portal Search Search… Search Socials Find the Texas Observer on Facebook Find the Texas Observer on Twitter Find the Texas Observer on Instagram Find the Texas Observer on Mastodon Find the Texas Observer on Bluesky A Light the Darkness Cannot Extinguish At the close of an awful year, a religion scholar offers reflections on resisting despair in dark times, for the religious and non-religious alike. by David R. Brockman Keep Reading Advertisement Featured Stories Peering Into the Rio Grande Valley’s Fossil Fuel Future by Gaige Davila Lina Hidalgo Had a Vision. Harris County Won’t See It. by Sam Russek Pam Perillo’s Sisterhood of the Condemned by Michelle Pitcher The Latest End of Year ⋆ Dec 29 Our Most-Read Stories of 2025 Some of the articles that y’all really loved this year by Gus Bova End of Year ⋆ Dec 22 Our Best Longform Stories of 2025 Nonfiction that’s meant to be started, finished, and leave you with something to show for it by Gus Bova Labor ⋆ Dec 18 At the Texas AFL-CIO, a Changing of the Guard in a Time of Growth “No one has done more than Rick Levy for the modern-day labor movement in Texas.” by Josephine Lee Poetry ⋆ Dec 18 Hereditary The train tracks leading to my grandma’s house always reminded me of a spine. by Bianca Alyssa Pérez Border and Immigration ⋆ Dec 17 Under Operation Lone Star, Texas State Police More than Doubled Their Drone Fleet The Department of Public Safety has acquired an army of unmanned aerial vehicles—nearly as large as the U.S. Border Patrol’s. by Francesca D’Annunzio See all Get the newsletter Sign up for The Lede Get the stories you need to know about each week. Delivered every Sunday. Sign Up Now Politics Politics Everyone Knows Jasmine Crockett. Could That Be a Good Thing? Her critics would prefer a lesser-known candidate who can concoct a bipartisan pitch. But the Dallas congresswoman believes she’s starting “on second or third base.” by Justin Miller Politics Ex-Con Congressman Attempts a Texas Comeback Steve Stockman, the felonious GOP politician, wants to return to Washington with a bid for a newly gerrymandered Houston-area district. by Lise Olsen Politics With Primary Field Still in Flux, James Talarico Pitches His Big Tent Revival “I’m not interested in tearing down my fellow Democrats, because we are all on the same team … but I think that I’ve got a compelling case to make.” by Josephine Lee See all Border and Immigration Border and Immigration The High Cost of Targeting International Students in Texas The Trump administration’s bans and airport detentions are derailing the academic dreams of students who carry out important research—and sometimes pay hefty tuition—to attend Texas institutions. by Lise Olsen Border and Immigration Prosecutors Drop Only Criminal Cases from Hays County Airbnb Raid Pending drug charges have been abandoned from the multi-agency April operation that supposedly targeted Tren de Aragua and led to multiple deportations. by Francesca D’Annunzio Border and Immigration Texas Turns Its Sprawling State Police Force Into Immigration Agents for Trump The notorious 287(g) task force program has finally reached DPS, raising fears of widespread racial profiling. by Francesca D’Annunzio See all Culture Culture The Ballad of Betty Rizzo An abortion story by Rachelle Meyer Culture ‘Mija, Solamente Me Importa Clint’ A daughter’s attempts to help her elderly father understand why his hometown doesn’t look like home anymore by Christina Franco Culture At Barton Springs, Trans Existence Becomes Resistance Following a transphobic incident earlier this year, community members gathered to “protect trans joy.” by Kit O’Connell See all Since 1954 GET THE MAGAZINE January/February 2026 Subscribers to the print and digital editions of the Texas Observer get the first look at our in-depth, investigative reporting before it’s published online. Subscribe today so you don’t miss out. Learn more Past issues November / December 2025 September / October 2025 July / August 2025 May / June 2025 See all Find the Texas Observer on Facebook Find the Texas Observer on Twitter Find the Texas Observer on Instagram Find the Texas Observer on Mastodon Find the Texas Observer on Bluesky Sections Border and Immigration Civil Rights Criminal Justice Culture Education Environment Eye on Texas Extremism Housing Indigenous Affairs Labor Loon Star State Politics Public Health Rural Texas Reviews Photo Essays Poetry About About the Observer Staff The Molly National Journalism Prize The Texas Democracy Foundation Republish Us (Syndication) Work for the Texas Observer The Magazine Get the Magazine Archives Where to Find the Texas Observer Digital Library Contact Contacts List Leak to the Observer Pitch to the Texas Observer Support Donate Become a Member Legacy Giving Member Portal Events RSVP Get the newsletter Sign up for The Lede Get the stories you need to know about each week. Delivered every Sunday. Sign Up Now © 2021 The Texas Observer.  All rights reserved. Site made in collaboration with CMYK . Privacy Policy • Terms and Conditions