Customer Service Automation Built for Growth | Text text | Pricing Resources Blog AI customer service insights Solutions Learn how Text meets your needs Find a partner Team up with your Text expert Join Partner Program Grow your business with Text AI Agents Automate your customer support Help center Make the most of Text App Company Team Meet the Texters Careers Find your dream role at Text Incubator Grow your product with us Log in Sign up free Great service sells Most brands use AI to cut costs. Text turns support into new sales. Sign up for free Start selling with service The first 14 days are free · No credit card required Over 35,000 brands are already selling through service with Text Aim beyond resolution Smart teams resolve up to 89% of cases with Text and then turn them into revenue. Generate leads Sign up “We added $1.5M in revenue in 6 months” Automate support Sign up “ 125K cases are fully automated each year” Increase sales Sign up “Average order value increased by 25% ” Customer service AI agents that sell , not just solve Text AI Agents partner with your team to lift the metrics that matter, going well beyond queue relief. Product recommendations Lead generation Cross-sell & upsell Personalized discounts FAQ automation Smart handoff to human Product recommendations Lead generation Cross-sell & upsell Personalized discounts FAQ automation Smart handoff to human Product recommendations Match customers with the right products at the right time. Personalized suggestions lift conversions and build trust. Try for free From chat to email to social. Every channel is driving growth. Website Mail SMS Whatsapp Messenger Website Mail SMS Whatsapp Messenger Website Mail SMS Whatsapp Messenger Website Mail SMS Whatsapp Messenger Website Mail SMS Whatsapp Messenger AI you control . Completely. Supervise your AI agent in real time. Watch it work, and step in anytime you want. Build your first AI agent You set the rules. AI plays by them. Define your AI’s knowledge sources and how it supports your customers and teams. Live insights into your team and AI. Track team & AI performance in real time, or over any period you choose. On-brand in every reply. Every message from your team and AI agents stays on brand, delivering the experience you want your customers to have. Enterprise-grade security & compliance Engineered for scale, trusted by design, and verified through independent audits. WCAG 2.2 GDPR BBB Accredited Business CCPA PCI DSS - SAQ A Data Privacy Framework SOC 2 WCAG 2.2 GDPR BBB Accredited Business CCPA PCI DSS - SAQ A Data Privacy Framework SOC 2 WCAG 2.2 GDPR BBB Accredited Business CCPA PCI DSS - SAQ A Data Privacy Framework SOC 2 WCAG 2.2 GDPR BBB Accredited Business CCPA PCI DSS - SAQ A Data Privacy Framework SOC 2 Turn your support agents into closers Your team’s effort should go where it drives the business forward. Text AI handles the routine and gives your agents an edge when it matters most. Agents, supercharged From rookie to expert, AI Copilot suggests instant, reliable replies so your team can deliver great service at scale. Always fully briefed AI agent captures every detail and hands off customers with full context—no repetition for agents, just action. Impact over busywork By automating 80%+ of routine cases, your team can focus on complex, high-value customer cases—not FAQs. Unlock your team’s full potential Test and implement Text f ast and with confidence Text AI Agent learns directly from your existing knowledge sources. Your team can test it, and benefit from it immediately. Step 1 Create your first AI agent Set up your Text AI Agent and train it with your business knowledge. Choose the right skills and sources to make it work exactly the way you want. PROVEN WIN Most teams start by sharing a website URL. Text then builds its knowledge base within minutes. Step 2 Deploy and watch the first results Deploy your AI agent and watch it handle chats on its own or alongside your team — instantly. Add more sources if needed to fit its behavior to your business. PROVEN WIN Most teams start by letting the AI agent answer most repetitive questions to unload the backlog. Step 3 Expand and scale what works Once you see results, it’s easy to roll out Text across more touchpoints and use cases. Help more customers and turn service into a scalable growth engine. PROVEN WIN Teams add new sources, skills, and communication channels to the AI agent to grow through service. Create your AI agent now You don’t just get a platform. You get a crew . Our AI and human experts are here 24/7 to guide you through the shift—with clear advice and lived experience. Chat with our experts Great service makes them come back . Start selling with service The first 14 days are free · No credit card required text | Try Text App now Sign up free text | Product Pricing AI agent AI live chat AI help desk Inbox Customer list Desktop app AI for Shopify Resources Help center Solutions Specialized AI Agents Blog Find a partner Status Security Tools Typing speed test AI email generator Language detector Contact form builder Diff checker AI website optimizer LLMs.txt generator For Partners Solution partners Affiliate partners Technology partners Margin calculator ROI calculator Commission calculator Company Team Careers Vision Focus Incubator Investors Legal Contact Explore all Text products Text App One platform for AI-first customer service LiveChat Connect with your customers ChatBot Automate customer service with AI HelpDesk Support customers with tickets KnowledgeBase Guide and educate customers OpenWidget Enhance websites with widget Try Text App now Sign up free © 2025 Text, Inc. All rights reserved. We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your interactions with our website and Services, including when you reach out to us on chat. This comprises traffic analysis, delivering personalized content, and supporting our marketing efforts. By accessing our website, interacting with our Services, you agree to let us and our partners employ cookies and similar technologies on your computer or devices. Click the Cookie Policy to check how you can control the use of them through your device. To understand how we process your data, including through cookies, and different forms of interactions with us, please read our Privacy Policy .