Texts Try the next generation of Texts app, now called Beeper In case you missed it, I sold Texts to Automattic in 2023 and in 2024, we acquired Beeper. We brought together the best of both worlds and merged the teams, products, and technology. The new Beeper app is committed to the same level of privacy and security by supporting on-device connections, has an all-new design and also works on iOS + Android. If you're on the original Texts app, try out the new Beeper app now to get more frequent updates. If you're a Texts customer, your current subscription will get you all Beeper Plus features as well. There are a handful of Texts features missing in Beeper that are coming soon. We're shipping new releases every week. – Kishan Texts.com Founder, Beeper CEO Try Beeper Now → Texts All of your messages In one inbox All In One. Texts lets you send and receive messages from all major messaging platforms: iMessage WhatsApp Telegram Signal Messenger X Instagram LinkedIn Slack Discord DMs Texts lets you send and receive messages from all major messaging platforms: iMessage WhatsApp Telegram Signal Messenger X Instagram LinkedIn Slack Discord DMs Privacy First. Your messages never touch the Texts servers. They’re encrypted and sent directly to the messaging platforms. Texts makes money through a monthly subscription, not through your data. Assisted by AI. Multiply your productivity. Chat summaries Catch up quickly with automated summaries of the ongoing conversation. Draft responses Save time drafting a response with ChatGPT, integrated directly in Texts. Translate your answers Write a reply in your native language and let AI translate it for you. A better inbox. Keep your inbox organized, regardless of how big it is. Search all messages Find that link, document, picture or video from forever ago easily. Archive conversations Never miss a message again, but archive chats to hit inbox zero. Mark as unread Keep chats unread by default until you respond to them. And much more. Stealth Mode Open and read messages without notifying the sender. Send Later Schedule messages so they get sent  when people are active. Snooze Messages Snooze people that you don't want to reply to just yet. Keyboard Shortcuts Move at the speed of light with our extensive keyboard support. Dark & Light Modes Choose your preferred color scheme to reduce eye strain. Customizable UI Define your own experience with custom CSS. Supercharge your messaging. Texts Login Support FAQ @TextsHQ An mix Terms of Use Privacy Work With Us