Textile Exchange - Standards for the Textile Supply Chain About Textile Exchange About Tools & Resources Annual Report 2024 Glossary Insights Knowledge Center Climate and Nature Impact Awards Magnum Photography Competition Our Story Members News & Press Climate+ Strategy Climate+ Dashboard Team Governance Board Careers Contact FAQs File a Complaint Responsible Materials Materials Tools & Resources Material Change Index Materials Directory Material Production Fiber and Materials Matrix Industry Reports Materials Impact Explorer Life Cycle Inventory Library Regenerative Outcome Framework Plant fibers Cotton Hemp Manmade cellulosics Viscose Other MMCFs Synthetics Biosynthetics Nylon Polyester Animal fibers & materials Down Leather Wool Our Standards Standards Tools & Resources Standards Documents Standards Feedback Form Claims & Labeling Guidance Trackit Traceability Tool All Standards Global Recycled Standard Organic Content Standard Recycled Claim Standard Responsible Wool Standard Content Claim Standard Responsible Alpaca Standard Responsible Down Standard Responsible Mohair Standard Standards Transition Standards Development Materials Matter Standard Get Certified Certification Tools & Resources Authenticate a Transaction Find a Certifier Find a Certified Company Find a TE-ID Register for a TE-ID Understand Accreditation Chain of Custody Brand & Retailer Certification Farm Certification Supply Chain Certification How to Get Involved Take Action Tools & Resources Build Your Portfolio Strategy Explore Tools & Resources Explore Communities of Practice Participate in Benchmarking Participate in Material Commitments Attend an Event Become a Member Join the Leather Impact Accelerator Take Part in Round Tables Make a Donation Donate Donate Tools & Resources Log in Member Login Data Reporting Portal Login Trackit Login Certificate Generation Login Close search Logout Watch video: homepage-hero-fundamental-lighter. Climate action starts at the source of the materials we choose Watch video Learn about our mission Close video ABOUT We’re driving meaningful change right from the start of the supply chain. Most of the materials used for fashion, textile, and apparel today come from farms, forests, or fossil fuels. Textile Exchange exists to ensure the industry treats these resources with respect. Our story Get involved WHAT WE DO Our purpose is to build a global fiber and materials production model that positively impacts our planet At the heart of our strategy is the goal of helping the fashion, textile, and apparel industry to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions that come from fiber and raw materials production by 45% by 2030. We call it Climate+. Discover Climate+ Soil Soil puts food on our plates, purifies the water, and is the beginning of all material production. We’re striving to keep it healthy. Biodiversity Like food and the air we breathe, material production depends on healthy ecosystems which need a wide variety of animals, plants, and microorganisms. That’s why we’re supporting biodiversity. Water The basis of life as we know it, water, needs to be treated as the precious resource it is. We work to make sure it is used responsibly and put back safely into our systems. Learn the Basics Understand materials and standards Fibers and Materials Sustainability Standards Explore fibers and materials We help the industry to understand some of the common sustainability challenges that come with producing popular fibers and raw materials. Then, we work with stakeholders all along the supply chain to find ways to overcome them at scale. Explore all materials Cotton Cotton Polyester Polyester Nylon Nylon Viscose Viscose Wool Wool Leather Leather Explore sustainability standards We’ve developed a set of robust standards to give the industry a way to authenticate their sustainability claims from raw material to final product. They fill the gaps in existing guidelines and verification tools, and we regularly adapt and upgrade them to meet evolving needs. Explore all standards Get certified Organic Content Standard Recycled Claim Standard / Global Recycled Standard Responsible Down Standard Responsible Wool Standard Responsible Mohair Standard Responsible Alpaca Standard Get Involved Take the next step on your sustainability journey We recognize that everyone’s journey will be different, so we provide the industry with tools, resources, and initiatives that mean everyone, from farmers to suppliers and brands, can find the next step to take on their sustainability pathway. Build your strategy Explore all tools Read our reports Explore our industry reports to expand your knowledge of the opportunities and challenges in fiber and raw material production today. Use our tools Use one of our interactive tools to compare data on different fibers and raw materials and work out how to make an immediate impact. Take part in our benchmark Participate in our Corporate Fiber and Materials Benchmark to report on your progress in materials sourcing and see how you compare to others. Take a fiber challenge Join other brands in setting ambitious targets to source more sustainable cotton or recycled polyester, increasing these materials’ market share. Sign up for a round table Take part in one of our round table discussions for a specific fiber or material and help to create alignment on goals and actions. Attend an event Connect with industry leaders at one of our virtual or in-person events, as we work to map out the pathway to positive climate impact. INSIGHTS See industry progress in materials sourcing We can’t be confident of reaching our Climate+ goal if don’t track our progress. That’s why we’re pulling together the numbers that help us pinpoint where change has been made so far and orientate our actions on where we need to go next. See which companies source materials more sustainably Search by company name, corresponding standard, location, raw material, and more. Discover data and insights for different fibers and materials Find key statistics on the global fiber and material production landscape to understand progress. Track progress towards our Climate+ goal See the changes that have been realized since 2019 baseline data. Knowledge Center Dive deeper into fiber and materials production Visit the Knowledge Center Reports Regenerative Agriculture Landscape Analysis View Details Reports Preferred Fiber and Materials Market Report 2022 View Details Reports Organic Cotton Market Report View Details Reports Sustainability of Biosynthetics Report View Details Become a member Contact us This form subscribes you to Textile Exchange's newsletter. Additionally, for Textile Exchange Members, it grants access to The Hub's Membership Community. Sign up for our newsletter About Who We Are Climate+ Vision Responsible Materials Standards Industry Progress Careers Members Tools & Resources Knowledge Center Materials Impact Explorer Fiber and Materials Matrix Impact Incentives File a Complaint Get Involved Build Your Portfolio Strategy Participate in Benchmarking Get Certified Find a Certified Company Participate in Fiber Challenges Make a Donation ©
			Textile Exchange			2025.
			 All rights reserved. ‎‎‎ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Data Governance Policy Textile Exchange is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax ID number 33-1034726) under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.