Get Free Calling, Texting and Wireless - TextNow Skip Navigation Download Download Download Scan the QR code to get started Download Download Download Scan the QR code to get started Open Menu Get Free Number Get Free Number Free Phone Number International Calling Get Free Wireless How it Works How it Works Check Device Eligibility Coverage Phone Plan Resources Phone Plan Resources Best Cheap Phone Plans Best Unlimited Data Plans Best Talk & Text Plans Free Phone Bill Calculator Best Texting Apps Best Phone Deals Best Phone Plans for Seniors Best Business Phone Plans Read More TextNow Articles Web Messaging Download the App Download the App Download the App Scan the QR code to get started Download the App Download the App Download the App Scan the QR code to get started Download the App Download the App Download the App Scan the QR code to get started Get free and flexible phone service, always TextNow is the only free phone service provider with unlimited talk & text,  free data for select apps, and nationwide 5G coverage—all in one convenient app. Download Now Download Now Download Now Scan the QR code to get started Start calling and texting for free, instantly Download the TextNow app and choose a free local phone number within seconds. Use it for unlimited talk & text over Wi-Fi. It’s perfect for side hustles, second lines, or just staying in touch—without spending a dime. Let's Get You Talking Let's Get You Talking Let's Get You Talking Scan the QR code to get started 5G data plans that fit your needs—and your budget With just a one-time SIM purchase, you can connect to our nationwide 5G network—no long-term contracts, no surprise fees. Bring your own number if you’d like, and manage everything right from the app. Explore Data Plans How to get free & flexible 5G service Download App Looking for free phone service? Download the app today to get started. Start Calling and Texting Get immediate access to unlimited calling and texting over Wi-Fi for free. Get a SIM Card A TextNow SIM connects you to our nationwide 5G network with unlimited talk &amp; text, plus free data for select apps—all for $0/month. Get Flexible Data Need more than just the basics? Add a Day Pass or upgrade to our Unlimited Plan and get full access to all internet services whenever you need it. Download Now Download Now Download Now Why People Love TextNow A San Francisco startup may have the solution parents have been seeking for years. Free phone service – without an expensive monthly contract. It works just like any phone carrier but you have no surprise fees, bills, or contracts to sign. Micah Austin, TX 4.8 average star rating out of 685,000 app store ratings 4.8 685k App Store Ratings It's hard to beat a monthly fee of zero dollars, but that's what you'll pay for unlimited calling and texting with TextNow. Featured in [1] TextNow’s Free Flex Plan provides Users with a prescribed amount of data usage, to be used for the limited purposes of using specific mobile applications, such as certain email, navigation, and rideshare applications (collectively, the “Eligible Applications”). The list of Eligible Applications is subject to change at TextNow’s sole discretion, and TextNow does not guarantee the availability or classification of any mobile application as an Eligible Application. See terms and conditions . [2] Data plans are subject to TextNow's Unlimited 2G Data Fair Use Policy . Speeds are not guaranteed and may vary depending on network availability and other factors. Any trademarks, logos, service marks, company or product names featured herein that are not owned by TextNow, Inc. are the property of their respective owners. All company, product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement. Download the App Download the App Download the App Scan the QR code to get started Tiktok Instagram Facebook Linkedin TextNow TextNow Phone Plan Bring My Phone International Calling Visit Online Support Accessibility Blog Downloads Downloads Android iOS / iPadOS Windows macOS Company Company About Careers Advertising Press Contact Legal Resources Resources Cheap Phone Plan Cheap Unlimited Data Plan Best Prepaid Plans Cheap Plan for Seniors Cheap Plan for Family Best Free Texting Apps Best Travel Phone Plans 2025 TextNow, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Candidate Privacy Policy 2G Fair Use Policy Never pay for phone service again. Ditch the phone bill and get unlimited talk & text, plus essential data, nationwide, for $0/month. Download Now Download Now Download Now Scan QR code or select store link