Cheap Web Hosting - Cheap SSD Hosting and Web Servers Sign In Domain name Sign in to cPanel WHM Webmail Submit Cancel Client Sign In Email Address: Password: Register Forgot Password? Login Cancel All Products Web Hosting Domains Security Affiliates About Us Client Area Web hosting Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Wordpress Hosting Anonymous VPS Dedicated Servers Domains Domain Search Bulk Domain Search Domain Registration Domain Prices Domain Transfer Web Security SSL Certificates Affiliates Join our Program Support Open a Ticket Report Abuse Knowledgebase Affiliate Web Hosting THCServers has quality behind the name, in both services and products. We service our clients with the most reliable web hosting, easy to use software and the most knowledgeable support staff in the industry. Web Hosting Cheap, Secure and Fast Get Started Reseller Hosting Create your own hosting business Get Started Anonymous VPS Tailor made for growing websites Get Started Dedicated Servers Full control plus more resources Get Started Wordpress Hosting Managed WordPress Hosting - With LiteSpeed from only $4 .95 /mo Get Started Domains The unique combination that identifies your website. We will help you find the right domain name for your website. Domain Registration Buy your perfect domain name Get Started Domain Prices View our offers and prices Find out more Domain Transfer Effortless free transfer Get Started Domain Search Bulk Domain Search .guru and .pro domain name from only $13 .95 /mo Get Yours Websites THCServers has quality behind the name, in both services and products. We service our clients with the most reliable web hosting, easy to use software and the most knowledgeable support staff in the industry. Online Marketing With our online marketing services you can acquire more traffic, generate more sales and strenghten the relationship with your current customers. Web Security Protect yourself against advanced threats with our web security services. Achieve a higher level of security with a secured website and protect your visitors. SSL Certificates Protect your valuable information Get Started All our servers have an advanced firewall for the highest level of protection for you and your visitors THC Servers Slowly but surely we are turning into a leading web hosting and related services provider. Why Us Why we are the right choice Find out more Our Datacenters Built without compromising quality Find out more We care about our client's happiness and about our service's quality and we push to improve ourselves every day Support 24/7 legendary support. We pride ourselves with one of the best support teams in the market, which you will find friendly, professional and willing to help with any problem. Open a Ticket Response in less than 2 hours Open a Ticket Report Abuse Contact Knowledgebase Client Area Access Sign In Create New Account Forgot your password? All Products Back Web hosting Back Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Wordpress Hosting Anonymous VPS Dedicated Servers Domains Back Domain Search Bulk Domain Search Domain Registration Domain Prices Domain Transfer Web Security Back SSL Certificates Affiliates Client Area Back Open a Ticket Report Abuse Knowledgebase Affiliate Web Hosting Back Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Anonymous VPS Dedicated Servers Worpress Hosting Domains Back Domain Registration Domain Prices Domain Transfer Domain Search Bulk Domain Search .guru an .pro domain name from only $13 .95 /mo Get Yours Web Security Back SSL Certificates All our servers have an advanced firewall for the highest level of protection  for you and your visitors Affiliates About Us Back Why Us Our Datacenters We care about our client's happiness and about our service's quality and we push to improve ourselves every day Client Area Back Client Area Access Sign In Create New Account Forgot your password? Open a Ticket Report Abuse Contact Knowledgebase SSD Disk Space Unmetered Bandwidth 24/7 Legendary Support 99.99% Uptime Guarantee 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Premium Web Hosting Starting at only $2 .95 /mo. Get Yours Powerful Web Hosting A better web hosting experience that's faster, safer and more reliable Premium hosting plans at unbeatable prices 99.99% Uptime Guarantee 24/7 Legendary Support Web Hosting Full SSD Hosting DDoS Protection Easy Website Builder Free SSL Certificate cPanel dashboard Daily Backup Only $2 .95 /mo Buy Now Wordpress Hosting 1-Click install Custom Caching Full SSD Hosting Free SSL Certificate Daily Backup Free Wordpress Migration Only $4 .95 /mo Buy Now Anonymous VPS Full SSD Hosting Free Dedicated IP Change OS Anytime Full Root Access Instant Deployment Unmanaged Only $9 .95 /mo Buy Now Dedicated Severs Full Access Free Dedicated IP Unmetered Bandwidth Anti-DDoS Protection 24/7 Live Support No Setup Fee Only $74 .85 /mo Buy Now Accepted Payment Methods: Discover our new THC Special dedicated servers Feature-packed dedicated hosting that won't break your budget Introducing THC Special servers: high performance dedicated resources for websites with a high volume of traffic, large businesses, CPU-intensive applications or complex databases. Achieve the ultimate in control and performance with our cheap dedicated servers and give a considerable boost to your business. Buy for 1 month and get 10 off using promo code: SPECIAL10OFF Starting at only $39 .49 /month Get Yours State-of-the-art data centers on 4 continents Datacenter THC1 Location: Montreal, Canada Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.998% Datacenter THC2 Location: Roubaix, France Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.999% Datacenter THC3 Location: Falkenstein, Germany Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.999% Datacenter THC4 Location: Carcea, Romania Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.993% Datacenter THC5 Location: Singapore Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.995% Datacenter THC6 Location: Sydney, Australia Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.998% Datacenter THC8 Location: Chicago, USA Status: Operational Uptime Last Month: 99.999% All our servers are operating in ultra-modern data centers located all over the globe. And because we know that a reliable web hosting environment is essential for the success of your project, we have built our facilities using cutting-edge technologies which guarantee a 99.99% uptime, so you will never miss out on any opportunity. High Speed Network Our network infrastructure consists of multiple high speed communication connections that create an unparalleled network redundancy. Redundant power system Multiple power providers, dedicated generators and enterprise-class UPSs. Professional cooling system Powerful HVAC systems work 24/7 to keep the ambient environment at an optimal level. 24/7 Staffed Facilities Our security and system administrators teams are always on premises and ready to step in if a situation demands it. Our Services Quality services for outstanding results Web Hosting Domain Registration Web Design SEO Services Web Hosting Experience a ultra-fast and reliable web hosting environment The performance of your website is directly related to the characteristic of your web hosting plan. Here at THC Servers we are offering a cheap web hosting service that keeps your website up and running. Regardless of whether you buy a cheap web hosting plan, reseller hosting, vps hosting or a dedicated server, you'll always get the quality that is behind our brand. This is our guarantee... along side the 99.9% uptime guarantee of course. Get Started Domain Registration Take advantage of our cheap domain name prices and find your perfect domain today The first interaction between your website and visitors is represented by the domain name. Give as much thought when choosing the domain and make sure you find one that is easy to remember and stands out. Don't worry about the prices. Here at THC Servers we have over 320 cheap domain names. Choose from the popular top level domains or get creative and pick one of the hundreds of gTLDs. Get Started Web Design Professional website design and development services We create efficient websites with a unique design and a user experience that engages the viewers and generates more leads. Crafted by expert designers and developers and with a free domain name and free web hosting for one year, your new website will have a paved way to success. Find Out More SEO Services Become a search engine star! Get more quality traffic from search results, increase your website's visibility in search engines and outrank your competition. With our professional SEO services your website will rank higher in search engines results for your main keywords wich translates into more traffic and an increase in generated leads. Find Out More Why our customers THC Servers A fantastic hosting company with impressive support The THCservers team seem like a down to earth bunch of fun-loving tech geeks, who are dedicated to serving their customers with the best up to the minute, cutting edge tech and information.  I love the cool names for their shared hosting packages and feel that it says a lot about their fun-loving approach to hosting and technology. read more on Top10 Website Hosting Rated: 10/10 on by Rowanna One of our favorite teams One of our favorite teams of self-proclaimed geeks is catering to customers by offering fast, quality services with high uptime at budget-friendly prices. Now featuring competitively priced dedicated servers and an increased focus on web design, the company’s family-like approach and commitment to nurturing customer relationships will ensure its growth well into the future. We can't wait to see what THCServers does next!! read more on HostingAdvice.com Featured on by Christine Preusler Their Support is 10+ . Very good and reliable company. In my opinion, the support is a key aspect when it comes to use a great hosting service. They need to have lower wait time for support staffs to answer your questions and rectify issues quickly. To me, you need to have indubitable 24/7 support system that includes live chat and THCServers succeeds very well in this area.. read more on Host Advice Rated: 10/10 on by Dolores Sadowa Best one so far Been with a few cheap webhosting companies so far until I came across THCServers. Best one so far! Different packages all with cPanel and from the cPanel you can install lots of programs ( I really meant when i said LOTS) . All programs are 1 2 clicks install and if you have any problem/question support is always there to help you out. Thank you guys, you are the best.. read more on Trust Pilot Rated: 5/5 on by Kuttay Shah Thank You For The Great Service Started with a shared account, then moved to a reseller. After my business grew bigger, I moved to a VPS. Was greatly satisfied with all the services, but the thing that attracted me the most was the fact that they accept bitcoin for everything, including domain names. My business is working really good so I am not moving anytime soon. ;) read more on Webhosting Hero Rated: 5/5 on by spookypeople Excellent value for money I think THCServers offers excellent value for money and provides a multitude of hosting choices to cover all bases. Good luck to the team at THCServers! read more on HostingNinja.com Featured on by Laura Hemmington Web Hosting Done Right About Us Blog We provide complete start-up and 
                            advanced, shared, reseller, VPS
                            and dedicated web hosting plans. Hosting Anonymous Hosting Anonymous VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Netherlands Dedicated Servers Reseller Hosting Wordpress Hosting Services Domains SSL Certificates Affiliates Transfer to Us Support Live Chat Open a Ticket Report Abuse Contact Us Knowledgebase Client Area Accepted Payment Methods: Follow Us: Copyright © THCServers.com. All right reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Scroll