Science News, Educational Articles, Expert Opinion | The Scientist Login Subscribe News Magazines An Interactive Experience Current Issue December 2025 View this Issue Archive Quarterly Magazine Current Issue December 2025 View this Issue Archive Features Topics Life Sciences Biochemistry Cancer Cell & Molecular Biology Developmental Biology Evolutionary Biology Genetics Genome Editing Immunology Microbiology Neuroscience Omics Physiology Health & Medicine Cell & Gene Therapy Diagnostics Drug Discovery & Development Public Health Science & Society Community Careers Research Ethics Science Communication Biotechnology Artificial Intelligence Business Laboratory Technology Synthetic Biology Resources Crossword Puzzles eBooks Infographics Innovation Spotlight Podcasts Product Coverage Research Product Blog Industry Articles Videos Words for Nerds Scientific Services Brush Up Summaries Webinars Subscribe The Scientist - Home | 3 min read Postdoc Portrait: Madhulika Rai Trained in developmental metabolism, this postdoc examines how metabolic signals shape health across tissues. | 5 min read Reindeers Pave the Way for Regenerative Medicine Dental Stem Cells Show Promise Beyond Oral Health Top Neuroscience Stories of 2025 | 4 min read Science Can’t Wait: Why Stable Funding Matters for Discovery | 10+ min read A Hell of a Disease: Can Science Save the Tasmanian Devil? | 2 min read The Christmas Mix-up | 10 min read Space Medicine Brings Researchers into the Second Space Age Latest Postdoc Portrait: Anurag Roy The Scientist | | 3 min read As a material chemist, this postdoc explores how design at the molecular level can improve renewable energy technologies. Postdoc Portrait: Muhammad Bilal The Scientist | | 3 min read Trained in clinical medicine and neurology, this postdoc investigates mechanisms that could help prevent or slow the progression of neurodegenerative disorders. Postdoc Portrait: Hassan Bazazzadeh The Scientist | | 2 min read This postdoc applies AI-driven simulations to design energy-efficient, low-carbon buildings and cities. Postdoc Portrait: Rooppreet Sohal-Bagri The Scientist | | 2 min read This postdoc studies how career development programs shape long-term outcomes for secondary school students. Postdoc Portrait: Deepika Godugu The Scientist | | 2 min read This postdoc develops and evaluates anticancer drugs using cell-based assays and animal tumor models. Postdoc Portrait: Md Abu Taher The Scientist | | 3 min read This postdoc studies how ultrafast lasers interact with matter to enable advanced materials processing. Postdoc Portrait: Gopal Niraula The Scientist | | 2 min read This postdoc develops DNA-based force sensors to study how mechanical forces shape cellular behavior. A 3D Scaffold Helps Recreate the Human Bone Marrow Niche Shelby Bradford, PhD | | 4 min read Organoids cultured on a bone scaffold created a vascularized model of the human endosteal niche, paving the way for more reliable studies of the bone marrow. Postdoc Portrait: Dia Roy The Scientist | | 3 min read Driven by curiosity about illness and immunity, this postdoc now studies how immune cells can be reprogrammed to fight cancer. Postdoc Portrait: Isabella Batina The Scientist | | 2 min read This postdoc works on HIV prevention clinical trials, bridging medical research with equitable PrEP care delivery. Injured on Your Period? Healing May Take Longer Stephanie DeMarco, PhD | | 2 min read A four-season-long study of professional female soccer players found that if players got hurt while on their period, their injuries tended to be more severe. Postdoc Portrait: Rishi Jaiswal The Scientist | | 3 min read This postdoc combines molecular and structural approaches to uncover how failures in DNA repair drive cancer development. Page 1 of 1313 -  15754 Total Items 1 2 3 4 5 Trending From Scales to Secretions: Slithering Towards a Better Understanding of Snakes Top Cell Biology Stories of 2025 Universe 25 Experiment Top Microbiology Stories of 2025 Multimedia Exploring Cellular Organization with Spatial Proteomics Webinar Organoid Origins and How to Grow Them Infographic December 2025, Issue 1 Wooden Neurons: An Artistic Vision of the Brain A neurobiologist, who loves the morphology of cells, turns these shapes into works of art made from wood. View this Issue Research Resources Podcasts Webinars Videos Infographics eBooks Exploring Cellular Organization with Spatial Proteomics In this webinar, learn how scientists are using cutting-edge spatial proteomics technologies to advance their understanding of cellular organization in healthy and diseased tissues. Organoid Origins and How to Grow Them Scientists rely on cytokines, growth factors, and other agents to direct and create different types of organoid models. Targeting RGS14 with AI-Guided Docking and Biochemical Assays In this webinar, Robert Lowrey and David Siderovski will discuss novel AI-driven drug discovery approaches targeting difficult proteins. Research Roundtable: Rethinking the Role of Animals in Molecular Biology In our next roundtable webinar, scientists will highlight the drawbacks of animal models and how alternatives are advancing molecular biology research. Products Product News Beckman Coulter Life Sciences Introduces the Biomek i3 Benchtop Liquid Handler, a Small but Mighty Addition to its Portfolio of Automated Workstations With intuitive software, a user-friendly interface, and no prior automation experience required, lab teams can automate complex workflows effortlessly BRANDTECH® Scientific Announces Strategic Partnership with Copia Scientific to Strengthen Sales and Service of the BRAND® Liquid Handling Station (LHS) This partnership will enable both companies to reach a broader range of customers, including those with more complex and specialized workflows Enter Our 2026 Top Innovations Contest Submit a cutting-edge product or technology for the chance to be recognized as one of The Scientist ’s 2026 Top Innovations. Biotium Expands Tyramide Signal Amplification Portfolio with Brighter and More Stable Dyes for Enhanced Spatial Imaging Biotium's new TyraMax™ Amplification Dyes and Kits are available with the widest selection of colors for spatial analysis Stay Connected with Is the form not loading? If you use an ad blocker or browser privacy features, try turning them off and refresh the page. Get to know us About & Contact Editorial Advisory Board Editorial Policies Privacy Policy TS Statement Subscribe Advertise Now part of the LabX Media Group: Lab Manager Magazine | LabX | LabWrench © 1986- 2025 The Scientist . All rights reserved.