Daily Express US - Latest US News, Sport & Entertainment - Daily Express US Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Newsletters Login Register Your Account Newsletters Bookmarks Sign Out Uk Us Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Search HOME News Sports Entertainment Opinion Finance Travel Tech Life & Style TRENDING Donald Trump Immigration Russia NASCAR Antiques Roadshow Wheel of Fortune Meghan Markle Air Travel Gardening PLAN FOR PEACE: Netanyahu says new Gaza government 'possible' next year if Hamas disarms in ceasefire deal Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said a new Gaza government could be established next year if Hamas fully disarms US citizens among injured in deadly Peru train crash leaving tourists stranded A head-on collision between two trains in Peru has left at least one dead and 30... Joe Rogan under fire for 'pretty girl' comment about unbeaten women's MMA star Joe Rogan's characterization of unbeaten PFL flyweight champion Dakota Kitcheva... Ilhan Omar faces investigation after outrage over massive wealth gains in Minnesota probe A conservative watchdog is scrutinizing Minnesota Rep.Ilhan Omar's rapid financial... US citizens among injured in deadly Peru train crash leaving tourists stranded A head-on collision between two trains in Peru has left at least one dead and 30... Joe Rogan under fire for 'pretty girl' comment about unbeaten women's MMA star Joe Rogan's characterization of unbeaten PFL flyweight champion Dakota Kitcheva... Ilhan Omar faces investigation after outrage over massive wealth gains in Minnesota probe A conservative watchdog is scrutinizing Minnesota Rep.Ilhan Omar's rapid financial... Politics See latest updates Pentagon unveils $8.6 billion Boeing deal to arm Israel with new F‑15 fighter jets Trump warns Hamas there will be 'hell to pay' if militants fail to disarm Netanyahu to award Israel’s highest honor to Trump in historic first Mel Gibson, 69, and girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 35, separate after 9 years together Academy Award-winning actor Mel Gibson, 69, and screenwriter Rosalind Ross, 35, have... Quebec couple found dead in Dominican Republic, family says 'not murder or suicide' Prince Harry is 'begging to come home' but Meghan Markle isn't so sure Trump warns Iran of further US strikes if it reconstitutes nuke during Netanyahu visit Trump's warning of stronger consequences came as he held wide-ranging talks with... Prince William salary annual revealed as Ryan Seacrest makes more than double Prince William's earnings as the Prince of Wales and managing the Duchy of Cornwall... Netflix viewers have just days to watch period drama starring Glenn Close This highly rated period drama movie with Glenn Close and Max Irons is only available... Ukraine urges Trump to visit Kyiv to help pause fighting and push for peace Shocking case of bartender found dismembered in fish tank remains unsolved 7 years later MH370 missing flight search resumes with 55-day deadline as map shows targeted area Trump warns Iran of further US strikes if it reconstitutes nuke during Netanyahu visit Trump's warning of stronger consequences came as he held wide-ranging talks with... Prince William salary annual revealed as Ryan Seacrest makes more than double Prince William's earnings as the Prince of Wales and managing the Duchy of Cornwall... Netflix viewers have just days to watch period drama starring Glenn Close This highly rated period drama movie with Glenn Close and Max Irons is only available... Entertainment See latest updates Latest Meghan Markle and Prince Harry bombshell could 'lead to more visits to the UK' Wheel of Fortune contestant 'finally' wins $75k after 'disaster week' Meghan Markle's 'car crash' series called 'absolute horror show' by royal experts Putin’s secret new $135m Crimea palace exposed after 'Ukraine drone attack' An investigation by Alexei Navalny's team has exposed the sprawling complex hidden at Cape Aya in occupied Crimea, featuring gold-plated bathroom fittings Disney to dole out $10M settlement after violating children's privacy laws, DOJ says Disney agreed to pay $10 million to settle a case involving allegations of violating... Yemen on brink of new civil war as key trade route bombed by Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia struck Mukalla after weapons arrived from the UAE for separatist forces,... Kevin Harvick annnounces racing plans for 2026 after son’s return confirmed NASCAR legend Kevin Harvick will be back racing the CARS Pro Late Model and Late Model... ExpressUSNews Putin has 'conceded literally nothing' during peace talks former top Trump official warns Israel will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 Disney to dole out $10M settlement after violating children's privacy laws, DOJ says Disney agreed to pay $10 million to settle a case involving allegations of violating... Yemen on brink of new civil war as key trade route bombed by Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia struck Mukalla after weapons arrived from the UAE for separatist forces,... Kevin Harvick annnounces racing plans for 2026 after son’s return confirmed NASCAR legend Kevin Harvick will be back racing the CARS Pro Late Model and Late Model... Royals See latest updates 'I'm a London tour guide and Americans always ask about two royals' Prince Harry and Meghan's long-time employee resigns for very telling reason Princess Kate tries out new look but it goes a bit ‘catawampus’ Inside Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta Jones' 25-year marriage Catherine Zeta Jones has been married to Michael Douglas since 2000, and the pair... Fox News halted to announce John F. Kennedy's granddaughter Tatiana Schlossberg's death Beyonce joins four other A-List musicians as she reaches billionaire status NASCAR statement in full as Denny Hamlin's father dies in tragic house fire NASCAR released a heartfelt statement on Tuesday morning in the memory of Denny... Two NASCAR legends make major announcement ahead of 2026 season NASCAR legend Mark Martin is launching a podcast alongside his son on former rival... The Cookers drummer talks 'relentless insistence on freedom' amid Kennedy Center drama The Cookers, a jazz ensemble, is one of the latest to pull out of performing at the... Tech News Bible breakthrough as AI identifies three distinct writing styles in ancient texts JFK's niece Maria Shriver slams Trump after he adds name to Kennedy Center Russia's Doomsday Radio broadcasts threats against Ukraine US and Israel set deadline for Hamas disarmament as target date quickly approaches More artists cancel Kennedy Center gigs after Trump’s name is added to arts venue NASCAR statement in full as Denny Hamlin's father dies in tragic house fire NASCAR released a heartfelt statement on Tuesday morning in the memory of Denny... Two NASCAR legends make major announcement ahead of 2026 season NASCAR legend Mark Martin is launching a podcast alongside his son on former rival... The Cookers drummer talks 'relentless insistence on freedom' amid Kennedy Center drama The Cookers, a jazz ensemble, is one of the latest to pull out of performing at the... Sports See latest updates Shane van Gisbergen believes Trackhouse ‘found something’ following playoff struggles NFL MVP race takes dramatic turn after Stafford's Monday Night Football flop Luke Donald demands Ryder Cup admission over Rory McIlroy treatment Heartbreaking NASCAR footage of Denny Hamlin's parents resurfaces after dad dies in fire Heartbreaking pit road footage of Denny Hamlin's parents from his 2006 Budweiser Shootout win has resurfaced as dad Dennis and mom, Mary Lou, fight back tears. Man declared dead wakes up in body bag at funeral home before embalming Walter Williams, 78, was pronounced dead by medical staff and transported to a... Iranian president's chilling warning to Trump after nuclear program reconstruction threat Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian issued a stern warning on Tuesday, declaring his... Scientists issue dire waring that Amazon rainforest has entered a 'hypertroprical state' The new climate could lead to widespread tree loss, affecting the Earth's ability to... Music Brigitte Bardot's death causes surprising update in beloved Billy Joel song DNA test shows man sexually abused by convicted mother as legal father of his brother Doug Varone and Dancers 'can't go through with Trump-Kennedy Center performance Score up to 40% off recovery, sleep, and skincare tech during Therabody's New Year sale NBA legend lobbies Donald Trump to introduce mandatory military service for all Americans Man declared dead wakes up in body bag at funeral home before embalming Walter Williams, 78, was pronounced dead by medical staff and transported to a... Iranian president's chilling warning to Trump after nuclear program reconstruction threat Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian issued a stern warning on Tuesday, declaring his... Scientists issue dire waring that Amazon rainforest has entered a 'hypertroprical state' The new climate could lead to widespread tree loss, affecting the Earth's ability to... World News See latest updates Netanyahu's four-word warning to Iran over nuclear program and ballistic missiles threat Iran economy in free fall as currency becomes $0.00003 to the rial, sparking protests Taiwan facing 'perfect storm' as imminent China invasion sparks WW3 fears Tyson Fury sends message to Anthony Joshua after car crash kills two friends Boxing champion Anthony Joshua was taken to the hospital with "minor" injuries after a... 'My father is a cannibal and told me I would become just like him' US troops to be sent to Ukraine as security guarantee in potential peace deal, reports say New Year's Eve events canceled worldwide amid major security concerns New Year's Eve celebrations have been canceled in several major cities around the... Russian state media celebrates Trump's alignment with Putin and anti-Europe message With a nod to shared values, the Russian media's depiction of Trump as a potential... Fears grow as Ukraine orders mandatory evacuation in region bordering Kyiv Residents of 14 border settlements in Chernihiv Oblast have been ordered to evacuate... Movies 'Masterpiece' film based on real-life figure branded 'incredible' by fans Meghan Markle and Prince Harry issued stern warning as yet another staff member quits JD Vance dubbed ‘heavy favorite’ in early 2028 presidential polls China's 'aggressive' action in Arctic to become 'critical enabler' in warfare exposed Putin stooge warns Zelensky must 'stay in hiding for life' New Year's Eve events canceled worldwide amid major security concerns New Year's Eve celebrations have been canceled in several major cities around the... Russian state media celebrates Trump's alignment with Putin and anti-Europe message With a nod to shared values, the Russian media's depiction of Trump as a potential... Fears grow as Ukraine orders mandatory evacuation in region bordering Kyiv Residents of 14 border settlements in Chernihiv Oblast have been ordered to evacuate... Life & Style See latest updates Expert urges households to take this 'simple' step to avoid winter flooding Fried eggs will be crispier if you ditch oil and butter for simple water trick Fit grandma, 55, who 'attracts men half her age' reveals her secret Shoppers swear this under-$20 satin sheet set has made their sleep and hair better Want cooler sleep and less hair breakage? Upgrading your bed with this four-piece satin sheet set from Amazon can make bedtime more luxurious, improve your sleep, and even give you healthier hair. Royal Family's New Year's Eve tradition involves hidden messages in sawdust The Royal Family is known for its Christmas traditions, but they also have unique New... Kyle Busch and Mark Martin say it best after Denny Hamlin's family tragedy Kyle Busch and Mark Martin have sent their condolences to Denny Hamlin after his... Denny Hamlin's dad never got to open extremely thoughtful gift Michael Jordan gave him In the aftermath of the tragedy involving Denny Hamlin's family, renewed attention has... Michigan closing in on second coaching hire in move Dave Portnoy won't like Meghan Markle reveals the one demand from her son she refused to go through with Denny Hamlin's dad dies in house fire as mom left fighting for life Robert Irwin fans in hysterics as he shares cheeky Dancing With The Stars joke Royal Family's New Year's Eve tradition involves hidden messages in sawdust The Royal Family is known for its Christmas traditions, but they also have unique New... Kyle Busch and Mark Martin say it best after Denny Hamlin's family tragedy Kyle Busch and Mark Martin have sent their condolences to Denny Hamlin after his... Denny Hamlin's dad never got to open extremely thoughtful gift Michael Jordan gave him In the aftermath of the tragedy involving Denny Hamlin's family, renewed attention has... Health See latest updates Thousands may have been exposed to measles at Newark airport on busiest travel day Public health emergency declared in Washington as severe flooding wash over region Deadly virus surfaces 6 years after COVID as WHO issues dire warning Meghan Markle's unearthed New Year's resolution before joining royal family Before meeting Prince Harry, Meghan Markle wrote about being 'open to change' in a... Putin's 'unstoppable' nuclear missile can destroy NATO capital 'in 8 minutes' Denny Hamlin made painful admission about dad after his touching message before death Kyle Larson's message to Denny Hamlin after parents house fire leaves one dead Kyle Larson sent Denny Hamlin his well-wishes after the home of the latter's parents... Andy Reid confirms 2026 plans as Patrick Mahomes continues injury rehab Andy Reid says he plans to return to coach the Chiefs in 2026 following a... NASCAR legend Richard Petty issues statement after more heartbreaking news Richard Petty has sent Denny Hamlin and his family a heartfelt message following... Gaming Simpsons Fortnite live event start time, downtime maintenance timings and gameplay preview New Prime Video series based on 'best book ever' announced for 2026 Retired colonel's chilling warning as Russia's military pressure could take its toll Britney Spears takes swipe at estranged family after spending Christmas with one son Nicole Kidman celebrates special family occasion - and Keith Urban is nowhere to be seen Kyle Larson's message to Denny Hamlin after parents house fire leaves one dead Kyle Larson sent Denny Hamlin his well-wishes after the home of the latter's parents... Andy Reid confirms 2026 plans as Patrick Mahomes continues injury rehab Andy Reid says he plans to return to coach the Chiefs in 2026 following a... NASCAR legend Richard Petty issues statement after more heartbreaking news Richard Petty has sent Denny Hamlin and his family a heartfelt message following... Travel News See latest updates Exact date travelers without a REAL ID must pay $45 to fly Family 'wheeled dead grandmother onto flight after telling crew she was just tired' Island where 90 percent of wildlife is found nowhere else on Earth Reason Prince William 'won't strip Harry and Meghan of their royal titles' Royal experts have dismissed speculation that Prince William will remove Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's titles when he becomes king. Social Security payment dates for January as recipients will get higher payments Social Security recipients will be getting bigger payments in 2026, so here's when you... Kentucky teacher accused of sexting 5th grade student that she wanted to 'taste' him Sydnee Graf, 36, of Louisville, wept in court after she was charged with procuring or... Meghan and Harry urged to stop 'exploiting' Archie and Lilibet on social media Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have long advocated for children's safety when it comes... Food & Drink Fried eggs will be crispier if you ditch oil and butter for simple water trick Brandel Chamblee calls for punishment for Brooks Koepka if he returns to PGA Tour Anthony Joshua car crash victims identified as boxer's close friends Social Security payment dates for January as recipients will get higher payments Social Security recipients will be getting bigger payments in 2026, so here's when you... Kentucky teacher accused of sexting 5th grade student that she wanted to 'taste' him Sydnee Graf, 36, of Louisville, wept in court after she was charged with procuring or... Meghan and Harry urged to stop 'exploiting' Archie and Lilibet on social media Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have long advocated for children's safety when it comes... Personal Finance See latest updates IRS announces new 2026 retirement contribution limit changes - see if you are impacted Turn unwanted Christmas gifts into cash right now Tax refunds could be delayed after major 2025 law changes lawmakers warn 'Rapist slit my throat then I had to hold my own head in place to survive' WARNING - DISTRESSING CONTENT: Jennifer Morey was just 25 when a security guard at her... Anthony Joshua hospitalized in Nigeria car crash as two people killed King Charles' New Year Honours 2025 as Idris Elba knighted Denny Hamlin tragedy is latest in NASCAR's most traumatic offseason NASCAR's offseason turns heartbreaking as a fatal fire at Denny Hamlin's parents' home... CIA launches covert drone strike on Venezuelan port in major escalation According to sources familiar with the matter, the drone strike targeted a remote dock... Country star Miranda Lambert mourns loss of beloved family member Country star Miranda Lambert took to her Instagram on Sunday, December 28, to share... Tennis Carlos Alcaraz considered Andy Murray change amid coaching tension Prince Harry and Meghan Markle break silence as PR guru quits Eric Dane 'has 24/7 nurses' to help with ALS diagnosis as his estranged wife speaks out US military obliterates another suspected drug boat, killing 2 ‘narco-terrorists' 'Masterpiece' film based on real-life figure branded 'incredible' by fans Denny Hamlin tragedy is latest in NASCAR's most traumatic offseason NASCAR's offseason turns heartbreaking as a fatal fire at Denny Hamlin's parents' home... CIA launches covert drone strike on Venezuelan port in major escalation According to sources familiar with the matter, the drone strike targeted a remote dock... Country star Miranda Lambert mourns loss of beloved family member Country star Miranda Lambert took to her Instagram on Sunday, December 28, to share... SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our rss feed News US World Politics Health Royals UK Science Space Weather Weird Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News TV Movies Music Latest News Joe Biden Crime Prince Harry Meghan Markle Donald Trump Vladimir Putin Weather Ron DeSantis Sports NFL Football NBA Basketball Soccer Baseball MLB NHL Ice Hockey Tennis Golf Motorsport MMA Boxing College Football F1 NCAA Wrestling Other Sports Travel Travel News Europe USA UK & Ireland Caribbean Africa Asia & Middle East Australia & New Zealand Central & South America Cruises Life & Style Food & Drink Parenting Style Garden Real Estate Cars Shopping Diet & Fitness Beauty Life Tech Tech News Gaming Finance Personal Finance Business THE-EXPRESS.COM Contact Us mynewsassistant About Us Social Media How to Complain Clarifications and Corrections Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice AI Notice Cookie Notice Report a Tech Issue Journalists Cookies Settings Community Standards Developed by Netro42 Site Archive Sitemap Newsletter Signup © 2025 a Reach plc subsidiary IPSO Regulated Copyright ©2025 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. The Express uses notifications to keep you updated Keep me updated No thanks