The 74 – America's Education News Source The 74 America's Education News Source About The 74 Newsletters Donate Help Us Reach Our Goal Support Journalism That Drives Accountability in Education. 96% Goal Show Your Support! News Opinion Home Video Analysis Search Donate Search Sections News Opinion Video Analysis Early Care zero2eight Series School (In)Security Future of High School Pandemic The Big Picture The 74 Interview Weaving a Stronger Society 4Fams Keeping It 100 Topics COVID Recovery critical race theory ed tech Investigation learning loss Los Angeles Pandemic Politics Research Solutions School Choice STEM Surveillance teacher voice Texas Youth mental health Podcasts Class Disrupted The 74 Enterprise LA School Report COVID Warriors Brown v. Board B.A. Breakthrough View All > The 74 About Us Team Supporters Jobs Contact Newsletters Donate to The 74 Code of Ethics Contact Us [email protected] Follow Us Support the 74 Republish Our Content The 74 Support the 74 Donate Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright 2026 The 74 Media, Inc Explore Bright Spots zero2eight science of reading Math AI Future of High School STEM 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review The Year in Education: 25 of Our Top Stories About Schools, Students and Learning The dismantling of the Ed Dept., why kids aren’t reading, teacher pay.  The 74 takes a look back at some of our biggest education stories of 2025. The 74 Analysis Analysis 10 Useful Tech Tools for Educators in 2026: A Practical Guide Caplan: I've tested more than 200 Ed Tech services this year. Here are the most useful for teaching. Jeremy Caplan Analysis Analysis 2025 Research Roundup: 3 Pressing Themes Shaping Early Care and Education Noteworthy research themes, studies and data that early care and education experts say are essential to moving the field forward. Kendra Hurley Education news and commentary, delivered right to your inbox. Sign up for The 74 newsletter. Sign Up The Latest child care ICE Arrests Are Forcing American Moms to Leave Their Jobs lausd Top Los Angeles Teacher Encourages Kids To Make a Mess in Her Class higher education Rural Students Graduate HS More Than City Peers, but Attend College Less Texas Texans Can Use School Vouchers for Pre-K, but the Pool of Families who Qualify Is Limited Q&A Newark Teacher Says AI Tools Help Students Write Better, Ask Sharper History Questions immigration California Needs Foreign Workers for Teacher Jobs, but Schools Can’t Afford Visa Fee health Getting Ultraprocessed Food Out of School Meals: What it Takes to Scratch Cook opinion Jigsaw Puzzles Help Make Mathematics Learning More Active and Fun Indigenous youth She Reimagined Dolls for Her Daughter — and Defied Stereotypes About Indigenous Women opinion Derrick Bell, Critical Race Theory and the Beginnings of School Choice Los Angeles Layoffs, Cuts and Closures Are Coming to LAUSD Schools As District Confronts Budget Shortfalls opinion Three Promising Practices to Engage a New Workforce child care Food Insecurity Is Surging Among Child Care Providers 2025 Year in Review Our 13 Most Read, Most Talked-About and Most Powerful Education Essays of 2025 California California students with disabilities face ‘terrifying’ special ed cuts after Trump changes New Jersey Bill Would Require More Small Businesses to Give Paid Family Leave Texas Texas Universities Deploy AI Tools to Review How Courses Discuss Race and Gender michigan Whitmer Calls Literacy Her ‘Number One Priority’ for Final Year as Governor school choice Charters Gain Power in New Indianapolis Plan community How One California School Came Together to Pack 20,000 Meals for the Holidays Florida ‘Sadly Timed’: New Bill Would Allow Professors, TAs to Open Carry on Campus special education NYC’s iHOPE School Unlocks Learning for Profoundly Disabled Kids school choice As School Choice Programs Grow, Parents Are Demanding Better Customer Service childhood health All Eyes on Florida As State Gets One Step Closer to Nixing Vaccine Mandates opinion In Picture Book Biographies, Black Kids Can See Themselves, and What They Can Be teacher workforce Exclusive: Survey Reveals Why 70% of Early-Career Teachers Leave the Classroom IDEA at 50 Before Special Ed, There Was the School-to-Asylum Pipeline. How One Lawsuit Helped End It opinion Pre-K Teachers Are Hesitant to Use Artificial Intelligence —Why? Video Short How Haircuts Help Black Boys Learn to Love Reading opinion New York Mayor-Elect Mamdani Must Keep NYC Reads Load More Latest IDEA at 50 IDEA at 50 Before Special Ed, There Was the School-to-Asylum Pipeline. How One Lawsuit Helped End It 50 years ago, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ended the routine institutionalization of kids with disabilities. Advocates fear a return to that dark time. Beth Hawkins LAUSD at 65 LAUSD at 65 LAUSD 65th Anniversary How Can Los Angeles’ Schools Have a Looming $1.6B Deficit With $19B in Revenues? Aldeman: District leaders face some tough decisions as they try to bring their budget back into balance while building on recent academic gains. Chad Aldeman 4Fams 4Fams 4Fams Is High School Necessary? Maybe Not — and Both Students & Districts Could Benefit Adams: Some 13,000 NYC high schoolers are already earning associate degrees. What if they could go from middle school right to community college? Alina Adams Early Childhood Early Childhood Rob Reiner Spent a Decade Fighting For California Kids Filmmaker Rob Reiner devoted his influence to reshaping early childhood education policy in California. Linda Jacobson AI AI AI Tutors, With a Little Human Help, Offer ‘Reliable’ Instruction, Study Finds New UK research finds ‘extremely personalized’ AI math tutors don’t hallucinate or produce unsafe messages in sessions with kids Greg Toppo Video Shorts 1:10 Video Short How Haircuts Help Black Boys Learn to Love Reading 1:14 Survey 12th-Grade Girls Say ‘I Don’t’ to Marriage 2:51 watch These Schools Are Beating the Odds in Teaching Kids to Read 0:36 basketball Teacher Breaks 3-Pointer World Record in One Hour 1:15 edlection 2025 He Just Defeated His Old Teacher in a County Election View All Trending Now 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review Vax Rates, ESAs, and Cell Phone Bans: 12 Charts That Defined Education in 2025 These research findings captured the K–12 world at the start of President Trump’s second term. Kevin Mahnken 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review The Jealousy List: A Shout-Out to 19 Education Stories We Admired in 2025 Each year, The 74’s staff shares a list of stories from other media outlets that we wish we had written. The 74 Staff Analysis Analysis Is a Master’s in Education Really Worth It? Probably Not, Research Shows Aldeman: Educators take on huge debt to earn advanced degrees, and taxpayers foot the bill for higher pay. But an M.A. doesn't make teachers better. Chad Aldeman commentary commentary In New Book, Researcher Calls Out Dumbed-Down Method of Teaching Reading Aldeman: In 'Leveled Reading: Leveled Lives,' Tim Shanahan argues that protecting students from difficult texts puts them on a treadmill with no exit. Chad Aldeman commentary commentary What Football Can Tell Us About How to Teach Reading Tremont: Like football, a successful literacy program relies on drafting the right players, coaching the captains and obsessing over the fundamentals. Joshua Tremont special education special education special education NYC’s iHOPE School Unlocks Learning for Profoundly Disabled Kids Using the latest adaptive technology and other critical supports, the 150-student private school allows nonverbal students to communicate and thrive Jo Napolitano Children deserve a first-rate education. The public deserves first-rate reporting on it. Please make a tax-exempt donation to The 74. Donate Today Future of High School future of high school future of high school Future of High School This Indiana Student Turned a High School Project Into Opportunity — and a Startup Flexible, out-of-the-classroom thinking gave Raina Maiga the opportunity to discover her passions with interest-driven classes and internships. Hannah Askew School Closures School Closures Future of High School Cleveland Abandons Small Schools in Favor of Boosting Larger High Schools The Cleveland plan to fold 27 small high schools into 14 larger ones is part of a shift away from a popular national strategy. Patrick O’Donnell Future of High School Future of High School Future of High School Ancient Aquifers & Drones: NM Kids Learn to Save Precious Water for the Future This year, the Rio Grande ran dry in Albuquerque. The conservation techniques students are learning will be key to the region’s survival. Beth Hawkins commentary commentary Future of High School Stop Ignoring the Leaders Who Can Transform High Schools DeBaun, Schmitz and Reyna: Most principals and assistant principals simply aren’t trained, supported or held accountable for this important work. Bill DeBaun, Andrew Schmitz & Ryan Reyna View All Opinion math math Jigsaw Puzzles Help Make Mathematics Learning More Active and Fun Duah: Using puzzles, both at home and in classrooms, can restore the often-forgotten truth that learning happens in conversation. Francis Duah, The Conversation commentary commentary Derrick Bell, Critical Race Theory and the Beginnings of School Choice Viteritti: How the father of a controversial idea about racism in the U.S. championed vouchers and charters — and provided lessons for the present day. Joseph P. Viteritti commentary commentary Three Promising Practices to Engage a New Workforce Hull: The next generation, a huge reservoir of talent, gets a lot more advice about building a personal brand than about building a career. Stephanie J. Hull 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review 2025 Year in Review Our 13 Most Read, Most Talked-About and Most Powerful Education Essays of 2025 From literacy, New Orleans after Katrina and special ed for all to freedom of speech and teachers who gave up, what our op-ed writers had to say The 74 View All Video Rhode Island Rhode Island This Rhode Island Teen Won $1 Million for Her Community Mariam Kaba was awarded for her community-focused plan that has transformed local schools and public spaces throughout Woonsocket, RI. The 74 STEM STEM How To Teach STEM? Make It Explosive Jim Fields Arts education Arts education The Student-Led Music Group that Led Zeppelin Loves The Louisville Leopard Percussionists performed for Ozzy Osbourne, and Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin promoted their YouTube cover of ‘Kashmir.’ Jim Fields View All zero2eight child care child care ICE Arrests Are Forcing American Moms to Leave Their Jobs A new analysis shows that increased immigration enforcement is reducing labor in the child care workforce. The ripple effect is impacting mothers with young children. Barbara Rodriguez, The 19th Analysis Analysis 2025 Research Roundup: 3 Pressing Themes Shaping Early Care and Education Noteworthy research themes, studies and data that early care and education experts say are essential to moving the field forward. Kendra Hurley Texas Texas Texans Can Use School Vouchers for Pre-K, but the Pool of Families who Qualify Is Limited A limited group of families with 3- and 4-year-olds who already qualify for free public pre-K can receive state funds to attend private preschool. Jaden Edison, The Texas Tribune child care child care Food Insecurity Is Surging Among Child Care Providers Stanford researchers find that a growing number of child care providers can’t afford food, raising concerns about workforce stability and care quality. Emily Tate Sullivan New Jersey New Jersey Bill Would Require More Small Businesses to Give Paid Family Leave The bill expands New Jersey’s family leave law to businesses with at least 15 workers. Sophie Nieto-Munoz, New Jersey Monitor View All Bright Spots Bright Spots Bright Spots Is Your School Beating the Odds in Reading? Using new national data from over 40,000 schools, this interactive map identifies the schools beating the odds in teaching kids to read. Special Series The 74 Interview Class Disrupted Podcast Future of High School The 74 Interview The 74 interviews the top thinkers, policymakers and leaders in American education From Biker Bars to Schools, Yondr Founder Sees Phone Pouches as ‘Impulse Disrupters’ Bernstein: ‘There’s a Window of Opportunity to Create Change’ in AI Chatbots As Education System Reaches ‘Crisis,’ Book Urges New Model for School Leadership Class Disrupted Podcast Hosts Michael Horn & Diane Tavenner present a podcast about the future of education Netflix’s Reed Hastings on the Impact of AI on Schools From Education to Anthropic: What Impact Will AI Have on Learning? Class Disrupted Returns With More Questions About Artificial Intelligence Future of High School College, Career, Learning Recovery: How America's high schools are evolving for the next generation of teenagers. This Indiana Student Turned a High School Project Into Opportunity — and a Startup Cleveland Abandons Small Schools in Favor of Boosting Larger High Schools With Bees, Drones & Ancient Technology, New Mexico Schools Engage Students to Save Precious Water for the Next Generation More Series More Stories Give the Gift of Truth Support Fact-Based Journalism. Help us report on the education stories that matter most. Donate Today! From the Archives The Best of The 74 Innovative High Schools Phoenix Teens Build Their Own High School Program From 500 Class, Career Options Following the COVID Money $190B Later, Reason to Worry Relief Funds Won’t Curb COVID’s Academic Crisis st. louis St. Louis Schools Face One of the Steepest Post-Pandemic Climbs Anywhere Future of High School California Wine Region ‘Growing Futures’ By Turning Vineyards Into Classrooms school choice Report: In 24 States, Using False Address to Get Into a Better School is a Crime lausd Top Los Angeles Teacher Encourages Kids To Make a Mess in Her Class Ben Chapman December 30, 2025 higher education Rural Students Graduate HS More Than City Peers, but Attend College Less Sheneka Williams, The Conversation December 28, 2025 Q&A Newark Teacher Says AI Tools Help Students Write Better, Ask Sharper History Questions Jessie Gómez, Chalkbeat December 27, 2025 immigration California Needs Foreign Workers for Teacher Jobs, but Schools Can’t Afford Visa Fee Sophie Sullivan & Alina Ta December 26, 2025 health Getting Ultraprocessed Food Out of School Meals: What it Takes to Scratch Cook Analisa Sorrells Archer, EdNC.org December 26, 2025 Indigenous youth She Reimagined Dolls for Her Daughter — and Defied Stereotypes About Indigenous Women Jessica Kutz December 24, 2025 Los Angeles Layoffs, Cuts and Closures Are Coming to LAUSD Schools As District Confronts Budget Shortfalls Ben Chapman December 23, 2025 California California students with disabilities face ‘terrifying’ special ed cuts after Trump changes Carolyn Jones December 21, 2025 Texas Texas Universities Deploy AI Tools to Review How Courses Discuss Race and Gender Jessica Priest, The Texas Tribune December 20, 2025 michigan Whitmer Calls Literacy Her ‘Number One Priority’ for Final Year as Governor Katherine Dailey, Michigan Advance December 20, 2025 school choice Charters Gain Power in New Indianapolis Plan Patrick O’Donnell December 19, 2025 community How One California School Came Together to Pack 20,000 Meals for the Holidays Vani Sanganeria, EdSource December 19, 2025 Florida ‘Sadly Timed’: New Bill Would Allow Professors, TAs to Open Carry on Campus Liv Caputo, Florida Phoenix December 19, 2025 school choice As School Choice Programs Grow, Parents Are Demanding Better Customer Service Linda Jacobson December 18, 2025 childhood health All Eyes on Florida As State Gets One Step Closer to Nixing Vaccine Mandates Amanda Geduld December 18, 2025 commentary In Picture Book Biographies, Black Kids Can See Themselves, and What They Can Be Nosakhere A. Griffin-EL December 18, 2025 teacher workforce Exclusive: Survey Reveals Why 70% of Early-Career Teachers Leave the Classroom Lauren Wagner December 18, 2025 commentary Pre-K Teachers Are Hesitant to Use Artificial Intelligence —Why? Jordy Berne, Christopher Doss & Ashley Woo December 17, 2025 Video Short How Haircuts Help Black Boys Learn to Love Reading The 74 December 17, 2025 commentary New York Mayor-Elect Mamdani Must Keep NYC Reads Katie Pace Miles December 17, 2025 Load More Sections News Opinion Video Analysis Early Care zero2eight Series School (In)Security Future of High School Pandemic The Big Picture The 74 Interview Weaving a Stronger Society 4Fams Keeping It 100 Topics COVID Recovery critical race theory ed tech Investigation learning loss Los Angeles Pandemic Politics Research Solutions School Choice STEM Surveillance teacher voice Texas Youth mental health Podcasts Class Disrupted The 74 Enterprise LA School Report COVID Warriors Brown v. Board B.A. Breakthrough View All > The 74 About Us Team Supporters Jobs Contact Newsletters Donate to The 74 Code of Ethics Contact Us [email protected] Follow Us Support the 74 Republish Our Content The 74 Support the 74 Donate Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright 2026 The 74 Media, Inc