The Advocate | Baton Rouge, Louisiana Breaking New | The Advocate | Baton Rouge News, Sports and Entertainment Skip to main content Baton Rouge New Orleans Acadiana Shreveport Lake Charles Gambit Log in Subscribe Log out Site search Search News Business Crime/Police Courts Community Education Hurricane Center State Politics Weather Sports Betting LSU Saints High School Louisiana Outdoors Scott Rabalais Southern University Pelicans UL Ragin' Cajuns Entertainment Arts Best of BR 2025 Books Curious Louisiana Faith Festivals Food and Restaurant Forward 64 Games Louisiana Health Home and Garden News Louisiana Inspired Mardi Gras Movies and TV Music Real Estate News Smiley Anders Travel Your Best Life Support Local Games Opinion Clancy DuBos Ron Faucheux Stephanie Grace Walt Handelsman Quin Hillyer Ed Pratt Faimon Roberts Will Sutton Guest Columns Our Columnists Our Views Letters Obits Classifieds Jobs Homes Public Notices Acts of the Legislature Election Results Election Results - December 1, 2023 Store E-Edition Newsletters Log out Log in Activate Subscribe My account Activate 49° E-Edition Newsletters News Business Crime/Police Courts Community Ascension Parish Baker East Feliciana Parish Livingston and Tangipahoa parishes St. Francisville St. Helena Parish West Feliciana Parish Westside Zachary Education Hurricane Center State Politics Elections Legislature Weather Sports Betting LSU Saints High School Louisiana Outdoors Scott Rabalais Southern University Pelicans UL Ragin' Cajuns Entertainment Arts Best of BR 2025 Books Curious Louisiana Faith Festivals Food and Restaurant Forward 64 Games Louisiana Health Home and Garden News Louisiana Inspired Mardi Gras Movies and TV Music Real Estate News Smiley Anders Travel Your Best Life Support Local Games Opinion Clancy DuBos Ron Faucheux Stephanie Grace Walt Handelsman Quin Hillyer Ed Pratt Faimon Roberts Will Sutton Guest Columns Our Columnists Our Views Letters Obits Classifieds Jobs Homes Public Notices Acts of the Legislature Election Results Election Results - December 1, 2023 Store Marshall Faulk to hire LSU assistant to Southern football coaching staff Marshall Faulk plans to hire LSU staff member Aman Anand as the special teams coordinator on his Southern coaching staff, The Advocate has confirmed through a source with knowledge of the move. How LSU’s Vet School saved military dog Astra who detected bombs in Iraq See when Baton Rouge will pick up garbage, recycling for New Year’s Day I was born and raised in Baton Rouge. My perspective of the city has changed since reporting on it. How LSU proved it’s ‘actually a really good defensive team’ in last nonconference game LSU basketball players were itching to return to the practice court after a few days off for Christmas break. See inside human trafficking in Louisiana from the eyes of a victim, and the push to stop it Since 2017, the number of trafficking victims receiving state services has more than tripled to over 2,000 in 2024, an improvement officials credit to recent legislation and increased awareness. But law enforcement has struggled to keep pace. SIGN UP reCAPTCHA | Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply The Latest Phillip Cossich, attorney behind some of South Louisiana’s biggest lawsuits, dies at 67 Updated 5 mins ago Northshore officials in the dark about possible Hammond ICE facility reported by Washington Post Updated 1 hr ago Catholic, Zachary football players earn LSWA Class 5A All-State first team honors 2 hrs ago Ole Miss QB Trinidad Chambliss confident he’ll play in ‘26. Where that is, remains to be seen. Updated 1 hr ago One year after the deadly New Year’s Day attack, the party on Bourbon Street tries to go on 3 hrs ago Marshall Faulk to hire LSU assistant to Southern football coaching staff 4 hrs ago Louisiana tweaks rules for third parties in special Supreme Court, education board elections Updated 4 hrs ago How LSU’s Vet School saved military dog Astra who detected bombs in Iraq 5 hrs ago See when Baton Rouge will pick up garbage, recycling for New Year’s Day 7 hrs ago Mardi Gras is coming; send us your ball stories and photos 7 hrs ago Don't Miss This Crime/Police See inside human trafficking in Louisiana from the eyes of a victim, and the push to stop it Since 2017, the number of trafficking victims receiving state services has more than tripled… State Politics Louisiana has a new law to collect ‘chemtrails’ reports. Hundreds have poured in. The reports are alarming. Business French Quarter road work halted by centuries-old archaeological discovery on St. Peter Street Construction on a $9 million project to replace water mains running through the heart of the… Sponsored: Molly Kimball New Year’s goals: Reflections over resolutions As we roll into a new year, many of us feel the pressure to plan a complete lifestyle overha… Elections Here’s who is running in a Feb. 7 special election for five open seats in the Louisiana Legislature A special election is set for Feb. 7 to fill four open seats in the Louisiana House and one … Education How an LSU AgCenter lab is protecting fish, shellfish gene pools with cryogenic freezing tech How can scientists preserve native Louisiana species, boost the state's aquaculture industry… Sports Catholic, Zachary football players earn LSWA Class 5A All-State first team honors The LSWA Class 5A All-State first team included three Baton Rouge-area players. Ole Miss QB Trinidad Chambliss confident he’ll play in ‘26. Where that is, remains to be seen. Trinidad Chambliss isn’t thinking about 2026 right now. Marshall Faulk to hire LSU assistant to Southern football coaching staff Marshall Faulk plans to hire LSU staff member Aman Anand as the special teams coordinator on his Southern coaching staff, The Advocate has confirmed through a source with knowledge of the move. Saints WR Chris Olave is having a career year — and is answering questions along the way. Drew Brees, Jahri Evans, Eli Manning and Reggie Wayne are Hall of Fame finalists Rod Walker: The emergence of Tyler Shough tops my list of Top 5 Saints stories of 2025 How LSU proved it’s ‘actually a really good defensive team’ in last nonconference game Photos: Madison Prep Charges past Woodlawn in EBR Basketball Championship Zion Williamson returns to starting lineup but Pelicans lose their fourth straight Special Reports Louisiana Inspired: Uplifting stories about your community Louisiana Inspired is a weekly Sunday feature that focuses on people and organizations in Louisiana who are working toward solving problems and making the world a better place. Disaster After Disaster Disaster After Disaster: The failings of storm recovery Bob Dean Bob Dean: Botched hurricane evacuation, fallout Collapsed: An insurance market in crisis Collapsed: An insurance market in crisis Entertainment One year after the deadly New Year’s Day attack, the party on Bourbon Street tries to go on Jennifer Jones was a rainbow in motion. Each inch of her outfit, from the parasol she was waving above her head to her stepping, twirling, kicking feet was covered in colorful feathers, tulle or beads. Mardi Gras is coming; send us your ball stories and photos The Advocate will publish Mardi Gras ball stories from Carnival krewes in and around the Baton Rouge area. In Baton Rouge, a fitness class for seniors improves strength, balance and friendships Debbie Sanders, originally from Mobile, Alabama, has been involved in sports and fitness her entire life — participating and later coaching at a high school in Mobile after earning a degree in physical education. She retired from teaching and moved to China to teach English at a small univer… Fried green tomatoes, red curry and more best things we ate this week in Baton Rouge and Acadiana This Instagrammable nature trail hidden in plain sight is only an hour from New Orleans Interested in growing fruit trees? Read this primer on chill hours and why they matter. New Orleans king cake roundup: New vendors, events and flavors to try for Mardi Gras 2026 I was born and raised in Baton Rouge. My perspective of the city has changed since reporting on it. Baton Rouge chef brings premium sushi handrolls to new restaurant. See menu, opening details. Opinions Stephanie Grace: For 2026, predicting a new senator, an empty-handed governor and more I’m long since done with school, but I still think of the end of the year as report card time. It’s when I brew a big pot of coffee, summon the courage to look back at my previous year-end column and see how much I got right, and wrong. Letters: Take the political detox challenge Our nation is currently politically hyperpolarized, threatening the continuing internal peace of our democracy. Letters: Trump's words and actions don't line up While President Donald Trump’s masked shock troops are sweeping hardworking members of our community off the streets, roofs and workplaces in and around New Orleans, take a minute to reflect on the estimated 1,800 criminals Trump, also a felon, has granted clemency and pardons this year. Thi… Letters: Illegal immigrants chose this fate for themselves and their children Letters: Immigration raids are no way to repay Latino workers who came after Katrina Letters: Keeping momentum at Michoud is key for La. economy Letters: LSU learned nothing from Brian Kelly breakup Letters: We simply can't afford to extend ACA subsidies Walt Handelsman: Farewell... Most Popular I was born and raised in Baton Rouge. My perspective of the city has changed since reporting on it. Baton Rouge chef brings premium sushi handrolls to new restaurant. See menu, opening details. Impairment suspected in fatal head-on crash in Port Allen, State Police say Louisiana has a new law to collect ‘chemtrails’ reports. Hundreds have poured in. Marshall Faulk to add three assistant coaches, including a former LSU and NFL player See inside human trafficking in Louisiana from the eyes of a victim, and the push to stop it French Quarter road work halted by centuries-old archaeological discovery on St. Peter Street Kim Mulkey explains why a star freshman sat out the LSU women’s nonconference finale What comes next for LSU football: Lane Kiffin and staff preparing for the transfer portal How LSU proved it’s ‘actually a really good defensive team’ in last nonconference game PHOTOS +36 Photos: Madison Prep Charges past Woodlawn in EBR Basketball Championship +17 Photos: Check out the best of pictures of 2025 by Javier Gallegos +157 Photos: View Advocate Photographer Michael Johnson’s Best of 2025 +85 Photos: LSU comes up short in Kinder’s Texas Bowl +32 Photos: New Orleans Pelicans lose again to Phoenix Suns, 123-114 +11 PHOTOS: New Orleans Pelicans Saddiq Bey’s return emerges as a bright spot for team and fans +2 Photos, videos: A look back at local holiday spirit during Christmas weekend  on La. Highway 1 Curious Louisiana 4 historic statues in Jackson Square go back to this famous New Orleans aristocrat's day A reader was curious about a quartet of statues in New Orleans' French Quarter. The question… What is the oldest standing structure in Baton Rouge? Curious Louisiana finds out. When a reader asked, "What is the oldest standing building in Baton Rouge?" most assumed it … Louisianan's most burning questions (and their answers) about the state in 2022 Louisiana has plenty of quirks and weird history. So when we asked you about the things you'… Today's Obituaries Rucker, Sr., Thomas Entered into eternal rest on December 17, 2025 at the age of 73. Visitation Friday, January … Duke, Audrey Audrey passed away on December 27th, 2025, at 6:08pm at the age of 98. She was born in New O… Tynes, Patricia Dell Patricia Dell Doyle Tynes, a resident of Clinton, passed away on Friday, Dec. 12, 2025. She … Churchwell, Carol Carol S. Churchwell, 87, a resident of Zachary, LA, died on Sunday, December 28, 2025. She w… Chambers, Jason Jason Michael Chambers was born on February 15, 1971, and passed away on December 23, 2025. … Serrett, Darrell Darrell W. Serrett Sr., a resident of Zachary, LA, passed away Christmas morning on Thursday… Spotlight In Loving Memory, October-December 2025 2025 Support Local - Baton Rouge 2025 Fall Travel Guide Launchpad - The Baton Rouge School Guide The Advocate - Cancer Awareness 2026 Baton Rouge High - National Merit Semi-Finalists Sections Home News Opinion Sports Entertainment/Life Weather/Traffic Newsletters Games Services Classifieds Search Subscribe Digital Advertising Help/Contact Us RSS Feeds Media Kit eEdition Careers News in Education Ink Settings Reviewing the Record Manage your Donation Our Sites Obituaries Celebrations Jobs Classifieds Homes Store Archives Contact Us News Tips: newstips@theadvocate.com Other questions: subscriberservices@theadvocate.com Need help? Report a delivery issue Create a temporary stop Sign up for recurring payments Pay your bill Update your billing info × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2025 The Advocate 10705 Rieger Rd., Baton Rouge, LA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy