Theadx DSP programmatic purchase platform SOLUTIONS ADVERTISERS AND AGENCIES DSP Targeting Advertisement Models Ad Model Examples Integrations DMP PUBLISHERS SSP HEADER BIDDING SECTORAL SOLUTIONS Finance Local Elections BLOG TR EN TR EN ADVERTISERS AND AGENCIES THEADX DSP Targetings Location Targeting Retargeting Inventory Targeting Performance Targeting Time Targeting Technical Targeting AD Models Mobile Advertisements Display Advertisements Video Advertisements Native Advertisements HTML5 Advertisements Masthead Form Advertisements In-App Advertisements Code Advertisements Integrations SSP Google Data Studio Google Analytics THEADX DMP Targetings Location Targeting Retargeting Inventory Targeting Performance Targeting Time Targeting Technical Targeting AD Models Mobile Advertisements Display Advertisements Video Advertisements Native Advertisements HTML5 Advertisements Masthead Form Advertisements In-App Advertisements Code Advertisements Integrations SSP Google Data Studio Google Analytics PUBLISHERS THEADX SSP REVENUEMAX TOOLS BLOG Login With Your Account Don't have an account ? Apply Now! DSP DMP SSP Login Forgot Password Request Do you have an account? Sign In Now! .000 - .000 .000 - .000 .000 - 0.000 0.000 + I have read and understood the KVKK text Apply Reset Forgot Password Request New Password Back Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin AI-Powered, Real-Time Audio Advertisements Our audio ads dynamically analyze user data and adapt instantly, delivering your brand message most effectively in the digital realm. Unite the power of sound with strategic innovation. Learn More Revolutionizing Digital Engagement – Interactive In-Banner Video Ads Our videos, crafted with smart animations and design elements that maximize engagement, transform your brand story into a memorable digital experience. Discover the power of interaction. Learn More Next-Generation Digital Ad Solutions – Where Interaction and Creativity Converge Our data-driven strategies and innovative design philosophy elevate your ad experience to the future, showcasing the unique impact of your brand. Discover the future of advertising today. Learn More Ad Model Examples Safe advertising with THEADX We are taking our commitment to providing our customers with the best and most secure advertising experiences one
                            step further. At THEADX, we work to raise your security standards and protect your brand reputation in the digital
                            advertising space. More Take Your Place in the Cookie-Free World with UID2 Now! Deliver relevant and personalized ads to your users without using Third-Party cookies. Protect highly sensitive consumer data with THEADX's UID2 Operator service. More Secure Creative Publishing with Automatic Antivirus Scanning! We protect your brand and users together from digital threats. Learn More Capture your users on all platforms with Cross Device! Store, manage and target your visitor data. More Protect your data with our financial sector solutions! In accordance with the BRSA Communiqué, your pre-login and post-login data are hosted on our domestic servers. More Strengthen your potential with TV ads! Using programmatic TV advertising technology, target your potential customers in 360 degrees and increase your brand awareness. More Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin THEADX ADVANCED Programmatic Advertising Technologies We are growing together with digital advertising. As THEADX, we have developed all Programmatic Advertising channels for you by focusing on local technology. With our team's experience of over 10 years, we have all the necessary products such as DSP, SSP, DMP, Analytics, to enhance the success of your campaigns.

                            We continue to grow with you and serve as a bridge between you and your customers. THEADX DSP With THEADX DSP, achieve maximum reach for your business, accessing a wide range of inventory worldwide! THEADX SSP "Purchase your ad spaces to premium buyers through RTB auctions! Enjoy competitive pricing with programmatic advertising! THEADX DATASUITE "Collect, manage, and monetize all your visitor data in one place! Make the most out of your data!" REVENUEMAX Empower your ads with Header Bidding infrastructure without the need to create separate accounts on different SSP platforms worldwide! ANALYTICS Understand your customers' needs! Track your traffic with all the features you need to improve your website accordingly! THEADX DSP Boost your digital campaigns with THEADX! Gain maximum access to the entire world and a vast inventory for your business with THEADX DSP! Reach your desired target audience with highly intelligent targeting options using our domestic RTB structure and advanced algorithms on THEADX DSP platform, designed separately for Advertisers and Agencies! Create dynamic reports with Google Data Studio integration and measure your efficiency! More Real-Time Reporting Worldwide Access Visitor Tracking" "Prediction Algorithmı "Bid Optimization Access Control Multiple Inventories Advanced Targeting Options THEADX DATASUITE Collect, Manage, and Monetize All Your Visitor Data in One Place! Make the Most of Your Data! Combine and Activate Your Data to Run Campaigns Across Digital Advertising Channels! Use data to guide personalized and content-based advertising that captures the interest of relevant audiences and wins them over! More DSP Integration Create Effective Audiences Analyze Audiences Collect and Harness Data from Various Sources THEADX SSP Purchase your ad spaces to premium buyers on private marketplaces, earn money from your inventory through RTB auctions, and enjoy competitive pricing with programmatic advertising! More Pricing Blocking Rules Category Targeting Video Advertising Rules Deal Creation Header Bidding Technology Real-Time Reporting REVENUEMAX Don't Miss the Highest Bid! Maximize Your Revenue! Strengthen your ads with Header Bidding infrastructure without the need to create separate accounts on different SSP platforms worldwide! Don't worry about constantly optimizing or defining rules to achieve the best revenue with the Header Bidding algorithm; significantly reduce operational burden! More SSP Integration Revenue Increase Occupancy Rate Increase Transparency Easy Setup ANALYTICS "Elevate Your Customer Potential with Real-Time Analysis!" "With Analytics, track valuable information about your visitors, such as where they come from, which devices they use, their interests, ages, genders, and more. Most importantly, see how they engage with your website." Discover what content they visit the most, which items they click on, which products they purchase, and much more. More Targeting Traffic Flow Customized Information and Reports Performance Advertising Models Video Display Native Rich Media All Devices Phone Tablet PC TV Why Should You Choose Us? Experience and Expertise We create the bridge between demand and supply partners with our experience in programmatic advertising and our constantly developing and renewed infrastructure! Premium Supply Network With its wide inventory network, you can advertise your customers; We deliver it to the target audience in the country you want, with the advertising models you want! Transparency & Security With our KVKK compliant structure, we direct your performance by examining all the details of your expenditures for your advertisements! PRODUCTS Demand Side Platform Supply Side Platform Header Bidding Analytics AD MODELS Mobile Advertisements Display Advertisements Video Advertisements Native Advertisements HTML5 Advertisements Masthead Form Advertisements In-App Advertisements Code Advertisements TARGETINGS Location Targeting Retargeting Inventory Targeting Performance Targeting Time Targeting Technical Targeting INTEGRATIONS SSP Google Data Studio Google Analytics EXTRA Privacy Terms & Conditions User Choices Ad Quality Policy Contact Us theadx.com® 2025 All Rights Reserved