Latest & Breaking News Melbourne, Victoria | The Age

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Tuesday, December 30, 2025	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Age
Independent. Always.
VCEMELBOURNEPOLITICSBUSINESSWORLDGOOD FOODLIFESTYLETRAVELLERSPORT
Thank God it’s Monday newsletter

News, advice and perspectives to help make your job work for you.

Real Footy newsletter

News, results and analysis of the weekend’s big games.

Take The Age quiz

Test your knowledge of Melbourne and Victoria with Stephen Brook’s quiz.

Melbourne
Weather forecast
Water restrictions
More desalinated water needed to fix Victoria’s looming problem: report

Rainfall shortages and thirsty data centres have the government looking for long-term answers.

Analysis
Bondi shooting
Albanese’s royal commission excuses are piling up – and wearing thin

Royal commissions are a symbolic way Australia confronts its ugliest problems, even if they do not solve them.

Natassia Chrysanthos
Bondi Beach
‘He’s a coward’: Niece of Bondi victim lashes PM over royal commission

The niece of Bondi victim Boris Tetleroyd has rejected the Albanese government’s claim a royal commission would showcase hate speech.

Education
Melbourne Uni boss succumbs to ‘brief and brutal’ illness just weeks after fronting staff forum

Just weeks ago the respected vice chancellor appeared at a briefing for 600 staff to discuss her vision for the globally renowned institution.

Science
The five scientific discoveries in 2025 that mattered most

It’s hard to keep up with all the discoveries made around the world every year in science, but harder still to sort the hype from the game changers.

Autism
New science points to four distinct types of autism

Scientists are redefining autism as a complex condition with multiple forms, challenging traditional notions.

The Ashes
The problem with Marnus: Labuschagne’s mind games

As most of Australia’s squad took off what would have been the fourth day of the Boxing Day Test, the batter was required back on the tools in the MCG nets on Monday.

Updated
Boxing Day Test
Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC

The MCG’s seam-friendly Boxing Day Test pitch has been assessed as “unsatisfactory” by the International Cricket Council, breaking the venue’s streak of top ratings.

Australian cricket
Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test

Will Usman Khawaja retire in Sydney? Or will he be given a tap on the shoulder in the coming months?

Sex & relationships
Want a better relationship? Here are 15 expert tips you can use now

Relationships fail through repeated small acts more often than major, cataclysmic events. But while conflict is inevitable, small habits can help couples to maintain positive connections.

Streaming
What to stream this week: Brooke Satchwell’s heartfelt donor drama, plus five more picks

Don’t miss a local drama about grief and understanding, retro fun with Miami Vice and a South Korean survival thriller.

Opinion
Obesity
Let them eat cake: We have a fix for obesity, but only the wealthy can afford it

The wealthy now collect decades of life in the same way they once collected art or property.

Vinay Rane

Obstetrician and gynaecologist

Bondi shooting
‘My soul asked me to do that’: Bondi hero breaks silence on tackling gunman

National hero Ahmed al Ahmed has described the moment he tackled and disarmed a Bondi Beach terrorist, in an interview with US network CBS.

Royal family
‘A hell of a smell’: King Charles causes a stink

Many in Flitcham are too nervous to discuss their royal neighbour’s council application but as one says, who would want a wafting stench to ruin a summer’s evening?

Business investment
Clouds gather over an empire as Warren Buffett retires

It is hard to imagine a more difficult act to follow, but what tack will his successor take?

Weather
Melbourne’s see-saw summer sees bathers replaced by jumpers

Victorians lured to the beach by Monday’s hot temperatures may be reaching for warmer clothes by New Year’s Eve.

Foodie travel
The 18 most underrated, and nine most overrated, things in global food

Non-alcoholic drinks and Australian chefs get a big tick in our underrated and overrated foodie travel list, while QR codes and kids’ menus are given the thumbs down.

Vale
Brigitte Bardot will be remembered forever – for reasons good and bad

She was one of the biggest stars of international cinema in the 1950s and ’60s, but her fame post-retirement in 1973 came largely for all the wrong reasons.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Opinion
The Ashes
‘Get over yourselves’: Why the players are to blame for Boxing Day debacle
Greg Chappell

Former Australian Test captain

Air travel
A new scam is catching out airline passengers at their most distracted
Boxing Day Test
The Khawaja hook shot that triggered a series of worried phone calls – and a $10 million disaster
JUST IN
Royal commissions: Long, slow and possibly futile
Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne
UpdatedControversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC
$840m desal expansion tipped as Melbourne faces AI water drain
FROM OUR PARTNERS
SHORTS
VICTORIA
Exclusive
Victoria Police conduct
Heartbroken sister sues Victoria Police over young dad’s arrest death

Steven Woodhouse, 30, died after he was repeatedly shot with bean-bag rounds, Tasered and arrested by specialist police.

City life
Unprecedented police presence for Melbourne’s New Year’s celebrations

Police will be granted extended weapon search powers and have back-up from specialist response teams as revellers turn out for Melbourne’s fireworks show.

Water safety
Why Victoria’s usually pristine beaches are being invaded by bluebottles

Surf lifesavers have warned of a surge in bluebottle jellyfish on Victoria’s coastline.

Exclusive
Cancer
Audrey’s rare cancer grows like a frayed shoelace that can’t be tied

Improved treatment for rare and aggressive “ALT cancers” that claim the lives of 5000 to 7000 Australians each year is the focus of $5 million in research funding.

Updated
Crime
Former adviser to Daniel Andrews knocked unconscious in Perth street

A one-time adviser to former premier Daniel Andrews remains in hospital in a serious condition after an assault early on Saturday.

FROM OUR PARTNERS
Domain
The ultimate guide to moving home
Domain
The ultimate guide to renting
Drive
This SUV comes with Holden engineer-tuned suspension and it shows
THE ASHES
Analysis
Inside the 21-minute grilling of the MCG curator and his boss
Tom Decent
Why 10 millimetres of MCG grass made batting a nightmare in the Boxing Day Test

Why is everyone so worked up about the length of the grass, how does it make life difficult for batters, and what does it mean for the famous Melbourne stadium? 

Opinion
What was that? The Boxing Day Test where almost nothing computed

Much as many would like to wall off this Test, it might not be possible. Besides, some five-day Tests of yore should have been euthanised earlier.

Greg Baum

Sports columnist

POLITICS
Bondi shooting
‘You owe us answers’: Families of Bondi victims demand PM launch federal royal commission

Calls for a Commonwealth inquiry into the rise of antisemitism and other security failings that have affected the Jewish community are escalating.

Tax deductions
Nothing sweet about the tax system as costs soar by $50 billion
Climate crisis
The $31 billion a year threat to the Australian dream: Climate change
Bills
Millions of people should be saving hundreds of dollars on electricity bills
BUSINESS
Fintech
The disloyal generation that has banks scratching their heads

Generation Z customers are a growing and critical market for banks, but they are also the most likely to switch to a rival.

Investing
Trump investors are among Wall Street’s biggest losers
Consumer rights
Gyms push back on law change that would ease cancellation
Shares
Info tech and energy firms lead Australian sharemarket lower
WORLD
Volcanoes
Skier glides down Mount Etna as volcano erupts in the background

The oldest of Etna’s four main summit craters has made its presence felt – almost 28 years after its last major eruption.

Taiwan
China to hold live-fire drills near Taiwan after US arms deal
Updated
Russia-Ukraine war
As Trump praised Putin, Zelensky tilted his head and smiled
Emergency services
Mother and teenagers save bushwalker’s life with human heat circle
OPINION
I was the mother of holiday invention ... until my kids went feral and I went to yoga
Cherie Gilmour

Freelance writer

There are existential threats? And then there’s the real thing
Warwick McFadyen

Contributor

2025, a year best to forget? We never will
George Brandis

Former high commissioner to the UK and federal attorney-general

Scalpel, please: Dissecting the real reasons your medical bills are skyrocketing
Dr Nikki Stamp

Surgeon

EXPLORE
Editorial
Explainers
CBD
Letters
Podcasts
Good Weekend
Quiz
TV Guide
Newsletters
Domain Magazine
PREMIUM
Subscribe
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles
Got a news tip?

Share information with our journalists securely and confidentially. Learn more

PROPERTY
Domain
Title Deeds
Inside the multimillion-dollar property empire that Chemist Warehouse built

Chemist Warehouse’s founders and several staff have climbed their way up the property ladder, thanks in part to this year’s sharemarket listing.

Melbourne luxury property
The Melbourne mansions that failed to sell in 2025

Melbourne prestige property has proved a two-speed market in 2025, with a handful of record-breaking sales, and some quieter periods as well.

NSW residential property
The luxury holiday rental that costs $210,000 a week
Property prices
The $2.3 million home for sale that offers the ultimate career change
Luxury property
Our five favourite beach houses for sale, up to $127 million
GOOD FOOD
Long lunch
Thirteen of the best long-lunch spots for summer days in Melbourne (and beyond)
Healthy eating
Six snacks that are healthier than you think (yes, even cheese and crackers)
Recipe collection
Weekly meal planner
16 clever recipes to clear out the fridge and reset for the new year
Melbourne icon
Long-running Melbourne restaurants spill on their highs, lows, famous diners
LIFESTYLE
Margot Robbie
Princess Anne and Margot Robbie are best and barely dressed for 2025

How Jacob Elordi, Sarah Ellen and A$AP Rocky defined the year’s most notable looks.

Trends
The one big standout health trend for 2026, according to the experts
Mental health
Five (practical) things to do for your mental health before the end of the year
Ageing
Can you live well – really well – past 80? Five tips from super agers
Jewellery
How this precious stone disrupted the engagement ring market 
CULTURE
Stage shows
Beautiful production can’t free Anastasia from trappings of history

The daughter of autocratic rulers who lived in a gilded fortress with little care for their people is a fraught heroine on which to anchor a feel-good musical.

Pop culture
From TayTay’s wedding to skinny jeans, here are 9 pop-culture predictions for 2026
★★★½
Review
The Queen’s Gambit made chess cool. This series turns it into a psychological thriller
Cinema
As multiplex cinemas struggle, these tiny cinemas are booming
Opinion
WordPlay
Lay down or lie down? The grammar errors that drive readers to distraction
David Astle

Crossword compiler and ABC Radio Melbourne presenter

TRAVELLER
Air travel
A new scam is catching out airline passengers at their most distracted
Spain
This hotel is why three-star stays rule in Europe’s top cities
★★★
Ship reviews
Former P&O ship has a new name, but needs a proper makeover
Foodie travel
The 18 most underrated, and nine most overrated, things in global food
DRIVE
DRIVE
When do double demerits start?
Best new-car deals in December 2025
Honda commits to petrol engines for decades to come
FROM OUR PARTNERS
Stan
Starring Sean Bean and Jack Patten, stream Robin Hood now, only on Stan.
Stan
Bump: A Christmas Film is streaming now, only on Stan.
SPORT
AFLCRICKETSOCCERRACINGTENNISNRL
The Ashes
Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne

As most of Australia’s squad took off what would have been the fourth day of the Boxing Day Test, the batter was required back on the tools in the MCG nets on Monday.

Gender equality
Clunky, cringe and costly: Kyrgios defeats Sabalenka in Battle of the Sexes

Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios arrived on a camel, while Aryna Sabalenka made an entrance in a bedazzled overcoat for the exhibition match in Dubai on Monday.

Updated
Boxing Day Test
Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC

The MCG’s seam-friendly Boxing Day Test pitch has been assessed as “unsatisfactory” by the International Cricket Council, breaking the venue’s streak of top ratings.

The Ashes
Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test

Will Usman Khawaja retire in Sydney? Or will he be given a tap on the shoulder in the coming months?

Alex de Minaur
More risks and more muscle: De Minaur sets sights on Sinner, Alcaraz

Australia’s Alex de Minaur is back in Sydney for the United Cup, but his real focus is on Melbourne as the world No.7 eyes his first grand slam semi-final … and more.

Opinion
The Ashes
Bradman and co. knew toughness was part of Test cricket. Do today’s players?

Few of the players involved in the Boxing Day Test put their body on the line, gesturing, laughing and cursing as they departed as if the surface was unplayable. It was appalling.

Greg Chappell

Former Australian Test captain

Premier League
Gray’s first senior goal earns Tottenham gritty 1-0 win at Palace

Archie Gray’s first senior goal gave Tottenham Hotspur a vital 1-0 Premier League win at Crystal Palace, ending Spurs’ poor away run and easing pressure on their manager Thomas Frank.

HAVE YOUR SAY
Were you not entertained? Satisfied? Making sense of a rogue Boxing Day Test

Much as many would like to wall off this Test, it might not be possible. Besides, some five-day Tests of yore should have been euthanised before their time.

Greg Baum

Sports columnist

MORE IN SPORT
CRICKETWhy 10 millimetres of MCG grass made batting a nightmare in the Boxing Day Test
SOCCERDiogo Jota’s sons honoured by Liverpool fans at Anfield
SAILINGMaster Lock Comanche takes line honours in Sydney to Hobart filled with mass retirements
TENNISMore risks and more muscle: De Minaur sets sights on Sinner, Alcaraz
CRICKET‘He would be nervous’: Pressure mounts on SCG curator after MCG debacle
SOCCERGray’s first senior goal earns Tottenham gritty 1-0 win at Palace
AFLPokies, handouts and membership records: Inside the finances of the AFL’s Victorian clubs
UpdatedCRICKETMCG’s rating record in peril as Stokes slams Boxing Day pitch
FEATURED VIDEO
4:09
Sport
Thorpe lifts lid on 'hectic' Sydney Hobart race
MOST VIEWED TODAY
‘Unfathomable loss’: University of Melbourne’s vice chancellor dies at 52
Family launches civil claim over young dad’s arrest death
New science points to four distinct types of autism
OpinionBradman and co. knew toughness was part of Test cricket. Do today’s players?
‘This one’s going to sting’: The blunt phone call from cricket boss to the MCC amid Boxing Day disaster
Thirteen of the best long-lunch spots for summer days in Melbourne (and beyond)
A new scam is catching out airline passengers at their most distracted
Six snacks that are healthier than you think (yes, even cheese and crackers)
Why Victoria’s usually pristine beaches are being invaded by bluebottles
The Age
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Age
The Sydney Morning Herald
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
nine.com.au
Domain
Drive
EDUCATION
VCE
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Place your ad
Newsletters
Commercial Real Estate
THE AGE
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
AI Editorial Guidelines
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
""