The Access Group Singapore | Business software <!-- Bizible Script --> <script type="text/javascript" class="optanon-category-C0004" src="//cdn.bizible.com/scripts/bizible.js" ></script> <!-- End Bizible Script --> Main menu Products Back to Main Menu Solutions Business Need Search by Business Need Take the lead with our business solutions. Close Accounting and Finance Advanced accounting software crafted to meet the demands of intricate enterprises. HR Build a great workplace environment where your people and business will flourish with Access HRMS software. Payroll and Workforce Management Compliant, intuitive, and extensible payroll software that supports a diverse range of business structures. Products Search by Products Access software lets you work the way you want, giving your organisation the power to thrive and grow. Close Access Analytics Access EasyPay Evo Access Applause Access Expense Access EasyTime Employee Self Service (ESS) Access UBS Evo Access PeopleHR Access Evo About Us Back to Main Menu Discover Access Overview We are Access The Access Way: Love Work. Love Life. Be You. Close About Access Company Blog Careers Global Operations Centres Our Management Team Our Giving Back Culture Our Offices Sustainability M&A Company News Company News Stay up-to-date with the latest news, announcements, and insights from The Access Group. View all news Close The Access Group invests in supporting Australian Accountants Posted 20/08/2025 Read more Access appoints new Managing Director for Kuala Lumpur Posted 20/01/2025 Read more The Access Foundation donates £2.18m over last financial year Posted 16/12/2024 Read more Careers Customer Back to Main Menu Customer Resources Support Customer Support Find the support resources you need to get the most out of your Access Group solutions. Visit Customer Support Close Customer Success Portal Get the most from your software Knowledge Base Search our Knowledge Base Contact Support Get the expert support you need Product Login Securely access your Access Group solutions Success Services Customer Success Services Your central hub for support, service plans, flightpaths, and inspiring customer stories to help you succeed. Visit Customer Success Services Close FlightPaths Explore our range of FlightPath service plans Success Plans The tools and resources you need to succeed Product Updates Get support, updates and product information for your Access solution Professional Services Professional Services eLearning and instructor led offerings. Close Payroll Training and Workshop Payment portal Partners Country SG UK AU & NZ MY US IE Country SG UK AU & NZ MY US IE Contact Us Access Evo Achieve more in the moment Our new AI-enabled software experience that empowers you to make faster, smarter decisions. It's not magic, it's Evo. Discover Access Evo I work in Please select Payroll HR Accounting & Finance I need Please select Get started Our purpose is to provide business management solutions that free our customers to do more of what’s important to them. Business management solutions Central to any successful organisation, Access business management solutions – in finance, HR and payroll, cloud hosting and payments - run standalone or integrate with our sector-specific software. This integration is part of our mission, to give our customers the freedom to do more. Finance & Accounting Finance, project accounting and procurement software that is scalable, simple to use and integrates easily with most existing business systems. Finance & Accounting HR Talent management, payroll and recruitment software for any size organisation. HR Payroll Industry-leading payroll management solutions that are expertly designed to support all your payroll needs. Payroll Supercharge your organisation with Access Evo Streamline operations, speed up your processes and experience the freedom to do more. Discover Access Evo Play Video More than just a software provider We give our customers the choice, support, expertise and innovation to grow. Our vision has always been grounded by our customers’ needs. Software should work together. It should join the dots between people, data and systems. Keeping everything all in one place and connected. When software runs on Access, you can work the way you want to work, intuitively and productively. About us The support you expect Our Support teams have walked in our customers’ shoes – nurse managers, construction planners, lawyers, recruitment experts - we are dedicated to providing you with services tailor-made to help you get the most out of your software. Seamless implementation Our passionate teams of experts go the extra mile to ensure a seamless and efficient setup process, tailored to meet your specific industry needs. Learn more Outcome-driven success plans Your success is our passion and our outcome-driven customer success plans help you to achieve your goals – fast. Learn more Award-winning support Our experts are here to help you get the most out of your software so you can be more productive. Customer Success Services Giving our customers the freedom to do more We use the EasyPay system primarily for maintaining records and managing staff leave. We have been loyal customers due to the ease-of-use of the system, and the helpful support staff who are always willing to help no matter how small our inquiries are. We have been using Access EasyPay software for many years. Our manual processes can now be done with a click of a button without tedious calculations. We are happy with the services provided by Access and will continue our support. We have been a corporate user of Access EasyPay for many years. We find that Access EasyPay software meets our requirements to process payroll, personnel and employment records efficiently. Finally, we must say that the Income Tax module is easy to manage and generating income tax forms for auto-inclusion submission to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore is a simple task when using Access EasyPay. We would also like to thank the Premium Support team in the Access Group for maintaining a friendly and helpful support team! We have been using Access EasyPay software for more than 10 years. This software is user friendly and is strongly recommended. We are happy with the services provided by Access and will continue our support. We have been using the EasyPay system for many years now. Processes that we used to perform manually can now be done with a click of a button without tedious calculations. We have also enjoyed great support from their reseller. Our workforce is expected to more than double in the coming months, and we required a robust HR solution to cope with the additional workload. We viewed a number of HR Solutions before finally deciding on People HR due to ease of use, and integrations with other software. Our managers are very satisfied with People HR. How can we help? Get in touch to speak to our business management software experts. We’ll work with you to understand your organisation’s needs and assemble a tailored software package that fulfils them, whether you require a standalone solution or a custom suite. Contact us Your questions answered For the newest insights, tips and advice. Blog Singapore Fintech Trends 2025 Read more How AI is transforming auditing Read more How can accountants in Singapore harness Artificial Intelligence? Read more What can you expect from a payroll software? Read more Trustpilot © 2026 The Access Group Company Statements Privacy & Legal Terms of use Terms and Conditions Supplier Code of Conduct Standards of Business Conduct Corporate Sustainability Report 2025 About Access Contact Us Company News Our Management Team Blog Contact Our Locations