Awesome Stuff and Cool Things : The Awesomer When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission . As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Gifts Videos Living Music Style Tech Luxury Rides Art/Design Games Leisure Funny Deals Suggest a Story | 95Octane | Awesomer Merch Search: Get Our Newsletter Email Address Bags Books DIY Drinks Food Furniture Gadgets Movies Short Films Shoes Tools Toys Watches The Awesomer: Awesome Stuff Three-story Micro Camper Link Most RV campers have a single level living space. YouTuber President Chay thought it was high time to make one with multiple floors, so he and his crew designed and built this unique three-story trailer. It has a kitchen, living room, two full-size bedrooms, plus a working shower and toilet. It’s street-legal, and about the same height as a semi truck. Share Check It Out 3D Expanding Mechanical Racks Link Mathematician Henry Segerman previously showed off fascinating mechanical racks that expand and contract when pulled. While those operated strictly on the X and Y axes, these new designs add a third dimension. It took some clever engineering to make the racks operate across different planes. Like before, Henry released 3D print files on Printables . Share Check It Out HOTO Flashlight Duo Buy The versatile Flashlight Duo has a 1000-lumen front-facing beam and a side-mounted lantern with cool, warm, and color light modes. A built-in magnetic band, silicone strap, and hook provide lots of options for mounting and hanging. HOTO also makes an emergency version with a hidden glass breaker and seatbelt cutter instead of the hook. Share Check It Out Magicdrive Titanium Ratchet Screwdriver Pledge This compact screwdriver driver turns screws in tight spaces while maximizing torque. It features a grade 5 titanium body, a ratcheting mechanism, and a grip that adjusts between 0, 45, and 90 degrees in either direction. The end of its handle offers smooth spinning action for fidgeters, and it accepts both 1/4″ and 4mm bits with an optional adapter. Share Check It Out Boy Into Wolf Papercraft Transformation Link Artist Shinrashinge creates layered images that transform when their pull tabs are moved. This piece starts with a boy looking out at a full moon and who gradually turns into a wolf. The second half of the video shows how it was made. Their YouTube channel is filled with more incredible papercraft, like this story of a girl who dreams of becoming a pop star. Share Check It Out AIAIAI TMA-2 Move Wireless Headphones Buy Looking for comfy, over-the-ear wireless headphones with natural sound? Look no further than AIAIAI . The TMA-2 Move Wireless headphones offer a clean design, memory foam ear cushions, and up to 40 hours of wireless audio. Their bio-cellulose and neodymium drivers ensure low distortion and a wide soundstage. They also come in Studio and DJ versions. Share Check It Out The King of Color (Trailer) Link If you’ve worked in art or design, you’ve almost certainly heard of the Pantone Matching System . This documentary film tells the story of Lawrence Herbert, the now 96-year-old inventor of the system that made colors consistent around the globe. Pantone continues to be the go-to language of color for print, packaging, fabrics, paints, cosmetics, and more. Share Check It Out Gerber Lockdown Multitool Buy Link This compact tool combines versatility with a pocket-friendly form factor. It comes in two versions, both with a 2.5″ liner lock knife, a #11 utility blade, and a file with a chisel edge. The Drive adds a 1/4″ driver with a double sided bit and an awl, and the Pry has a pry bar, nail puller, scissors, flathead drivers, and a bottle opener. Share Check It Out Small Parts Bucket Bag Buy This cotton canvas bag from Bucket Boss helps keep parts, hardware, and small tools organized. It has 13 exterior and six interior pockets and closes securely with a pull of its drawstring. Stack up to four inside a standard 5-gallon bucket, and grab their rubber bucket handle for added carrying comfort. Share Check It Out Sculpting Nick Wilde with a 3D Pen Link We’re often amazed at what can be created with one of those 3D drawing pens . In this video from 3D Sanago , the artist shows how he made a fully-realized miniature version of Zootopia’s Nick Wilde by building up layers of plastic and painstakingly sculpting and painting them to replicate Jason Bateman’s sly fox. English captions available. Share Check It Out Disassembled Camera Art Buy Love vintage tech? Then check out TechCraftMaster’s Etsy shop, where you can find old cameras and electronics transformed into works of art. Their collection includes 3D sculptures made from cameras with their guts exposed, along with framed wall art that showcases individual camera components. Choose from makes like Canon, Pentax, Nikon, and Rikoh. Share Check It Out The Sketch Camera Link Strange Inventions created a unique instant camera that draws sketches instead of snapping photos. When you push its shutter button, it captures a digital image, creates a black-and-white image using edge detection, then doodles a rough sketch using a pen mounted to motor-driven arms. It took a lot of trial and error to develop and program the portable plotter. Share Check It Out DeckShiv Magnetic Fidget Slider Knife Pledge This 2-in-1 gadget from ActMax combines a utility knife with a fidget slider. The DeckShiv’s retractable blade makes quick work of cardboard, foam, vinyl, leather, and plastics, while its magnetic sliding mechanism keeps bored minds and hands occupied. It comes in aluminum, titanium, or PEI resin versions, each with a textured slider for grip. Share Check It Out Woodnuts (Short Film) Link Gossip Goblin’s sci-fi short film follows a worker charged with harvesting psychoactive tree sap from alien forests. But when the woods begin whispering to him, he’s pulled into their memory, witnessing the planet’s terraforming and humanity’s downfall at the hands of the world they created. An impressive example of human-written, AI-rendered filmmaking. Share Check It Out Nordik Vegan Leather Valet Tray Buy With four divided sections, these handsome modern valet trays from accessory company Nordik by Design are ideal for organizing phones, wallets, keys, earbuds, and other stuff emptied from your pockets. Each tray is covered with a durable, textured faux leather, and they come in a variety of two-tone color schemes. Share Check It Out Sledding on Random Objects Link We have a distinct childhood memory of sliding down a snowy hill in the lid of a metal garbage can. Daniel LaBelle builds on this idea of improvised snow sleds by using a bunch of random things to glide down a hill. Some objects, like a frying pan, work reasonably well, while others, like rollerblades, seem like a terrible idea. Our fave is the bubble wrap. Share Check It Out Next » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 4575 » Home | About | Suggest | Contact | Team | Links | Privacy | Disclosure Advertise | Facebook | Bluesky | Pinterest | Sites We Like Awesome Stuff: The Awesomer | Cool Cars: 95Octane Site Design & Content © 2008-2026 Awesomer Media / The Awesomer™