World Edition - The Atlantic Skip to content Site Navigation The Atlantic Popular Latest Newsletters Sections Politics Ideas Fiction Technology Science Photo Economy Culture Planet Global Books AI Watchdog Health Education Projects Features Family Events Washington Week Progress National Security Explore The Atlantic Archive Play The Atlantic Games Listen to Podcasts and Articles The Print Edition Latest Issue Past Issues Give a Gift Search The Atlantic Quick Links Audio Crossword Puzzle Magazine Archive Your Subscription Popular Latest Newsletters Sign In Subscribe Illustration by Albert Tercero The Problem With Letting AI Do the Grunt Work Artificial intelligence is destroying the career ladder for aspiring artists. Nick Geisler audio The Show Won’t Go On Jonathan Chait audio Britain Should Have Read the Tweets First Helen Lewis The Podcast ‘Productivity’ Trap Thomas Chatterton Williams audio A Better Way to Think About New Year’s Resolutions Valerie Trapp audio The Atlantic 31 Atlantic Stories You Might Have Missed Bhumika Tharoor Illustration by Akshita Chandra / The Atlantic The Trump Administration’s Most Paralyzing Blow to Science Katherine J. Wu Sarah L. Voisin / The Washington Post / Getty Why the Supreme Court Is Giving ICE So Much Power The Constitution inarguably applies to federal immigration agents—but the Supreme Court has taken away the hope of ever holding them to that standard. Nancy Gertner audio Illustration by Ben Kothe / The Atlantic. Sources: Southern District of Florida; Barry Winiker / Getty. Get Ready to Start Hearing About Aileen Cannon Again The Florida-based judge is likely to once again play a central role in politics in the new year. Marilyn W. Thompson audio Manual Harlan Mary Todd Lincoln, Taken Out of Context The challenge of staging Oh, Mary! for a British audience Helen Lewis audio Tom Williams / CQ-Roll Call Inc / Getty The Plan That Foretold Trump’s 2025 Reviewing Project 2025’s year of successes and shortcomings David A. Graham audio Illustration by Anna Ruch / The Atlantic. Sources: Alex Edelman / Bloomberg / Getty; AFP / Getty So This Is Why Trump Didn’t Want to Release the Epstein Files The latest batch includes many new references to Trump—and enough ammunition for Congress to keep pressing. Sarah Fitzpatrick audio Illustration by Marc David Spengler 55 Facts That Blew Our Minds in 2025 We’ll never look at potatoes the same way again. The Atlantic Science Desk Illustration by The Atlantic. Sources: Jing Lee / Alamy; Universal History Archive / Getty. Good Intentions Gone Bad How Canada’s “reconciliation” with its Indigenous people went wrong David Frum Illustration by The Atlantic. Sources: A24; A24 / Everett Collection Watching Someone Fail Shouldn’t Be So Fun In Marty Supreme , Timothée Chalamet delivers both cringe and charisma. David Sims audio A 2025 Ranking You Won’t Read Anywhere Else Salmon with Abraham Lincoln and Jesus, plus other hypothetical dinner parties from The Katie Miller Podcast Alexandra Petri Reginald Gray / WWD / Getty The Best Poetry for Dark Winter Days The Atlantic Culture Desk The World Has Laws About Land and Sea, but Not About Ice Brett Simpson audio The 20 Best Podcasts of 2025 Benjamin Cannon RECOMMENDED FOR YOU ‘It’s Very Controversial, but I Love Nick Fuentes’ The white-supremacist influencer cast a shadow over Turning Point USA’s annual gathering. Ali Breland Olivier Touron / AFP / Getty There’s a 92 Percent Chance Trump Is Making It Up When riffing, the president exhibits an unusual tell. Marie-Rose Sheinerman Illustration by The Atlantic. Source: Chris Kleponis / Bloomberg / Getty. ARCHIVE Must the Novelist Crusade? “The zeal to reform, which quite properly inspires the editorial, has never done fiction much good.” (From 1965) Eudora Welty Bettmann / Corbis / Getty Fighting the Flu “The story of the development of the vaccines for Influenza A is not … a pitched battle, but a long campaign — the slow, bit-by-bit accumulation of data in which one doctor builds upon the laboratory experience of another.” (From 1941) Mona Gardner Library of Congress / Interim Archives / Getty Magazine past issues Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Atlantic ’s journalism, in the print edition and online. Subscribe Podcasts see all Santi Visalli / Getty radio atlantic • Episode 161 Netflix vs. Paramount Whoever wins… we lose? Hanna Rosin Urszula Soltys the david frum show • Episode 40 Why Has Comedy Become So Right-Wing? The Atlantic ’s Helen Lewis on the Riyadh Comedy Festival, why comedians are attracted to conspiracy theories, and the rise of the right-wing comedy-podcast industrial complex. Plus: the importance of NATO and David’s reflections on Edith Wharton’s Autres Temps . David Frum The Atlantic galaxy brain • Episode 8 How About a Little Less Screen Time for the Grown-Ups It’s not just kids who can’t stop scrolling. Charlie Warzel LIMITED SERIES Autocracy in America There are authoritarian tactics already at work in the United States. To root them out, you have to know where to look. Anne Applebaum Illustration by The Atlantic. Source: Getty. how to age up • Episode 6 How to Age Up on a Warming Planet Younger generations are having a hard time imagining their future. Natalie Brennan and Yasmin Tayag Latest see all 31 Atlantic Stories You Might Have Missed Bhumika Tharoor December 30, 2025 Britain Should Have Read the Tweets First Helen Lewis December 30, 2025 The Show Won’t Go On Jonathan Chait December 30, 2025 The Trump Administration’s Most Paralyzing Blow to Science Katherine J. Wu December 30, 2025 A Better Way to Think About New Year’s Resolutions Valerie Trapp December 30, 2025 The Podcast ‘Productivity’ Trap Thomas Chatterton Williams December 30, 2025 The Problem With Letting AI Do the Grunt Work Nick Geisler December 30, 2025 The Plan That Foretold Trump’s 2025 David A. Graham December 29, 2025 Photos: The Year in Volcanic Activity Alan Taylor December 29, 2025 Why the Supreme Court Is Giving ICE So Much Power Nancy Gertner December 29, 2025 Mary Todd Lincoln, Taken Out of Context Helen Lewis December 29, 2025 The Sad Dads of Hollywood Susie Goldsbrough December 28, 2025 North Road, Fall 2020 Ken Burns December 28, 2025 The Slow, Inevitable Death of the Bowl Game Keith O’Brien December 28, 2025 Some of Our Most-Read Stories of 2025 Emma Williams December 28, 2025 The Santa Presidency Toluse Olorunnipa December 28, 2025 Good Intentions Gone Bad David Frum December 27, 2025 55 Facts That Blew Our Minds in 2025 The Atlantic Science Desk December 27, 2025 The Year in Food Grace Buono December 27, 2025 A ‘Trump Class’ Folly on the High Seas Phillips Payson O’Brien December 27, 2025 Popular see all Britain Should Have Read the Tweets First Helen Lewis The Trump Administration’s Most Paralyzing Blow to Science Katherine J. Wu The Show Won’t Go On Jonathan Chait The Problem With Letting AI Do the Grunt Work Nick Geisler The Truth Physics Can No Longer Ignore Adam Frank The New Rasputins Anne Applebaum An ‘Impossible’ Disease Outbreak in the Alps Shayla Love The Podcast ‘Productivity’ Trap Thomas Chatterton Williams The Longest Suicide Note in American History Anne Applebaum What Parents of Boys Should Know Joshua Coleman Scroll → AI Watchdog , , Works Taken Track the creative works that tech companies are using to train their large language models. Search Now Newsletters See All The Atlantic Daily Get our editors’ guide to what matters in the world, delivered to your inbox every weekday and Sunday mornings. Email Address Sign Up Your newsletter subscriptions are subject to The Atlantic's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions . Games Challenges. Curiosities. Games of all kinds. Enter a digital parlor of puzzles and play. Play Games Audio Listen to award-winning podcasts and audio versions of our stories. Listen Popular Links About Our History Careers Contact Help Center Contact Us Atlantic Brand Partners Press Reprints & Permissions Podcasts Radio Atlantic The David Frum Show Galaxy Brain Autocracy in America How to Age Up Subscription Purchase Give a Gift Manage Subscription Group Subscriptions Atlantic Editions Newsletters Follow facebook instagram youtube twitter linkedin flipboard About Our History Careers Contact Help Center Contact Us Atlantic Brand Partners Press Reprints & Permissions Podcasts Radio Atlantic The David Frum Show Galaxy Brain Autocracy in America How to Age Up Subscription Purchase Give a Gift Manage Subscription Group Subscriptions Atlantic Editions Newsletters Follow facebook instagram youtube twitter linkedin flipboard Site Information Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices privacy-options Advertising Guidelines Terms & Conditions Terms of Sale Responsible Disclosure U.S. Edition Site Map TheAtlantic.com © 2025 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply