The Cool Down | Your Guide to a Cleaner, Cooler Future Skip to content Facebook Instagram Search Menu 💰Get $5k for Upgrades ♨️Get $1k for HVAC ☀️Save $10k on Solar Marketplace Newsletter Home Auto Tech SOLAR PANELS HVAC & HEAT PUMP INDUCTION STOVES CIRCULAR ECONOMY Tcd Newsletter IN THE NEWS ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT © 2025 THE COOL DOWN COMPANY. All Rights Reserved. Do not sell or share my personal information . Reach us at hello@thecooldown.com . Your guide to a cleaner, cooler future The Cool Down is all about making it easy to help yourself while helping the planet💡 Weekly Spotlight 💡 Level up your lawn and garden with a few swaps that will make your life easier and healthier Invest in a money-saving electric mower or leaf blower 915.1k participants Fight back weeds without using dangerous chemicals 125.2k participants Switch to a natural lawn and spend less on maintenance 242.8k participants Switch to organic fertilizer for your yard and garden 704.2k participants Compost your yard waste into free food for your plants 558k participants READ MORE Home Americans throw away $1,200 of food every year — these four tips can save you around $400 Food Entrepreneur creates incredible method to prevent mountains of food waste — here's how it's also addressing rising grocery prices Business Whole Foods announces new addition to stores that could change the shopping experience: 'Something we've envisioned from the start' Home Gardener shares unexpected hack using common kitchen scraps: 'Brilliant idea' Tech Researchers make shocking discovery after putting popular diets head-to-head: 'Even in the context of 'unhealthful' foods' Food Gardener shares simple hack to grow seemingly endless supply of popular produce item: 'Never have to buy it again' 💡Explore the TCD Guide The TCD Guide makes it easier than ever to help yourself while helping the planet. Join us in exploring over 100 ways to save more, waste less, and improve your life — everything from upgrading your home to eating better food to making money on your old stuff. Whatever your goals, we can help you make smart choices and connect you to trusted partners. Explore COOL BRANDS Home Scientists develop unique dish-washing detergent that can lower your water bill: 'It's a totally different formulation'' Business Revolutionary service helps households make money-saving HVAC upgrades: 'Can save you around 30-50%' Business This top-rated laundry brand says it cleans your clothes better without the toxic chemicals: 'Why don't we just get rid of them?' LATEST STORIES Outdoors Weather anomaly causes rare winter tornadoes across US region: 'The National Weather Service ... will be conducting a storm survey' Home Expert issues warning against popular landscaping mistake many homeowners make: 'A huge problem' Tech Startup makes astonishing breakthrough that could change highways and homes: 'You want it to last the next 100 years' Tech Woman shares super easy way for anyone moving to dispose of their electronics: 'Was anyone going to tell me it's illegal?' Business Officials sound alarm over 'really dangerous' industry marketed toward children and young adults: 'A threat to the younger generation' Home Shopper takes to social media after making unexpected discovery in pocket of jeans from thrift shop: 'My phone blew up' Outdoors Experts sound alarm over dangerous side effects of popular decorative holiday item: 'We're stuck with it' Business Experts 'deeply skeptical' of Elon Musk's robotaxi amid broken promises and rival Waymo surge: 'There is quite a lot … not talked about' Tech Scientists unlock groundbreaking process capable of transforming garbage into 'high-end product': 'This is … like a diamond' Tech Officials offer first look at massive project set to impact millions of US drivers: 'A … leap into the future' Outdoors Official issues urgent warning as rapidly spreading creature wreaks havoc: 'All [of] … our water is contaminated' Outdoors Experts alarmed as harmful creatures spread in US waterways: 'The worst … that we've seen' TCD NEWSLETTER Your personal guide to a cleaner, cooler future Read More ABOUT PRIVACY TERMS CONTACT Tcd Newsletter Follow Us Facebook Instagram © 2025 THE COOL DOWN COMPANY. All Rights Reserved. Do not sell or share my personal information . Reach us at hello@thecooldown.com .