Commonwealth Skip to main content Search Menu Top menu Contact us Portal login Work with us Algolia Search Search Main navigation Who we are About us Member countries Our history Accredited organisations The Commonwealth Charter Official declarations What we do Our work Our work sub-navigation Democracy, government and law Environment and climate change Small states Society and young people Trade and economy News Events Commonwealth Day Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) Publications, libraries and archives Member countries Support those affected by Hurricane Melissa: Donate to the Government of Jamaica’s emergency appeal The Commonwealth Top story Guyana elections seen as fair, but inclusivity challenges remain - Commonwealth observer report on Guyana’s 2025 elections A Commonwealth Observer Group (COG), which observed Guyana’s 1 September 2025 General and Regional Elections has concluded that the elections were largely peaceful with voting, counting, and tabulation professionally managed. Read more Working together for prosperity, democracy and peace The Commonwealth Charter expresses the commitment of member countries to the development of free and democratic societies and the promotion of peace and prosperity to improve the lives of all Commonwealth citizens. Caribbean countries rebuild after Hurricanes Beryl and Melissa As the 2025 Atlantic hurricane season ends, people across the Caribbean feel a deep sense of relief. But in Jamaica, that relief is tempered by the lasting impact of Hurricane Melissa, a Category 5 storm that caused severe destruction. Read more Latest news Guyana elections seen as fair, but inclusivity challenges remain - Commonwealth observer report on Guyana’s 2025 elections Read news Statement on recent violence in Bangladesh Read news How Barbados is turning the tide on plastic pollution Read case study New chapter begins for Commonwealth Secretariat’s flagship IT for Development journal in 2026 Read news Caribbean countries rebuild after Hurricanes Beryl and Melissa Read news Commonwealth reaffirms commitment to the Declaration of Principles for international election observation Read news See all latest news Featured news Image Strategic Plan 2025-2030 Our new Strategic Plan sets out a clear and practical vision of how our work will lead to impact. It brings together three main areas of focus – democratic, economic and environmental resilience. Read more Image 2026 Commonwealth Law Ministers Meeting The Commonwealth Law Ministers Meeting will be held in Fiji from 9 to 12 February 2026. The meeting is one of the largest international gatherings of law ministers and attorneys general focused on legal co-operation. Read more Home to 2.7 billion people The Commonwealth is home to 2.7 billion people, and includes both advanced economies and developing countries. 33 of our members are small states, including many island nations. Find out more Secretary-General Hon. Shirley Botchwey is the 7th Commonwealth Secretary-General. Events We host regular events, webinars and conferences on behalf of our member countries. Member organisations We have a network of over 90 civil, cultural, intergovernmental and professional organisations. Our work Democracy, law and government We promote democracy, good governance, peace, human rights and the rule of law. Trade and economy We help boost trade between member countries to create prosperity for all. Environment and climate change We help countries protect their environments, use natural resources sustainably, and both tackle and adapt to climate change. Small states We campaign internationally for special attention to the unique development challenges that small states face. Society and young people We support youth empowerment, advance gender equality and use sport to bring people together. Gender We work to advance gender equality, women’s rights and women’s empowerment in all social, economic and political spheres. Subscribe to our newsletter Commonwealth Matters is sent monthly and features latest news ranging from democracy and climate change to trade and sustainable development. Image Join the conversation Footer Accounts and internal reports Cookie policy Cookie settings Privacy Terms & Conditions Work with us Contact us Copyright © 2025 Commonwealth Secretariat Website by Cyber-Duck