TheCollector Skip to content Ancient History History Art & Artists Philosophy Mythology More Interviews Answers Religion Travel Stories Collecting Film News Maps & Resources Write for us A collection of great stories that teach, inform, and inspire millions of readers. Exclusively authored by academics. Trusted by scholars and classrooms. 12 Historic Spots You Can’t Miss in Santorini 2 hours ago • Cait Kontalis • Travel for Art & History Buffs Visiting Warsaw’s Historical Sites in Just 48 Hours 8 hours ago • Denise Brown • Travel for Art & History Buffs What World-Changing Inventions Did the Han and Tang Dynasties Export to the West on the Silk Road? 9 hours ago • Mike Cohen • History Grand Guignol: The Story of the Notorious Horror Theater 11 hours ago • Anastasiia Kirpalov • Art How 5 Great Thinkers Found Meaning Through Physical Exercise From Plato to Nietzsche, these are five philosophers’ views on physical exercise and how the body shapes discipline, balance, and the good life. By Igor Zanetti How the Ancient Egyptians Built the Red Sea Suez Canal and Connected East and West The ancient Egyptians were able to connect the Red Sea to the Nile River for trade via what would become known as the Suez Canal. By Jared Krebsbach The Little-Known Celtic Queen Cartimandua Who Supported the Romans Cartimandua was the Celtic queen of the Brigantes tribe in the 1st century CE, but unlike her famous contemporary Boudica, she supported the Romans. By Rachel Sweeney How 5 Great Thinkers Found Meaning Through Physical Exercise From Plato to Nietzsche, these are five philosophers’ views on physical exercise and how the body shapes discipline, balance, and the good life. By Igor Zanetti How the Ancient Egyptians Built the Red Sea Suez Canal and Connected East and West The ancient Egyptians were able to connect the Red Sea to the Nile River for trade via what would become known as the Suez Canal. By Jared Krebsbach The Little-Known Celtic Queen Cartimandua Who Supported the Romans Cartimandua was the Celtic queen of the Brigantes tribe in the 1st century CE, but unlike her famous contemporary Boudica, she supported the Romans. By Rachel Sweeney Popular topics American History Ancient History Answers Artists Collecting European Film History Interviews Latin & South American Literature Maps & Resources Medieval Military History Modern & Contemporary Mythology News Philosophy Politics Religion Renaissance Stories Travel Women’s History World 17-19th Century ANCIENT HISTORY View All Posts 5 Holidays That Date Back to Ancient Rome Today, we still use a calendar based on that of the ancient Romans, and many of their festivals also survive in modern holiday celebrations. 6 days ago • Kelly O’Shea The Little-Known Celtic Queen Cartimandua Who Supported the Romans Cartimandua was the Celtic queen of the Brigantes tribe in the 1st century CE, but unlike her famous contemporary Boudica, she supported the Romans. 10 days ago • Rachel Sweeney 8 Techniques in Persuasion from Antiquity That Shaped Modern Rhetoric 12 days ago • Nick Scott How the Ancient Egyptians Built the Red Sea Suez Canal and Connected East and West The ancient Egyptians were able to connect the Red Sea to the Nile River for trade via what would become known as the Suez Canal. By Jared Krebsbach The Little-Known Celtic Queen Cartimandua Who Supported the Romans Cartimandua was the Celtic queen of the Brigantes tribe in the 1st century CE, but unlike her famous contemporary Boudica, she supported the Romans. By Rachel Sweeney How the Chremonidean War Shattered the Last Hope of Greek Freedom In the middle of the Hellenistic period, the two great cities of ancient Greece, Athens and Sparta, united to free themselves from Macedonian influence. By Neil Middleton How the Ancient Egyptians Built the Red Sea Suez Canal and Connected East and West The ancient Egyptians were able to connect the Red Sea to the Nile River for trade via what would become known as the Suez Canal. By Jared Krebsbach The Little-Known Celtic Queen Cartimandua Who Supported the Romans Cartimandua was the Celtic queen of the Brigantes tribe in the 1st century CE, but unlike her famous contemporary Boudica, she supported the Romans. By Rachel Sweeney How the Chremonidean War Shattered the Last Hope of Greek Freedom In the middle of the Hellenistic period, the two great cities of ancient Greece, Athens and Sparta, united to free themselves from Macedonian influence. By Neil Middleton Follow your Favorite Topics. Sign up to our Free Weekly Newsletter Subscribe HISTORY View All Posts What World-Changing Inventions Did the Han and Tang Dynasties Export to the West on the Silk Road? The Han and Tang dynasties changed global history by introducing new tools to the world. 9 hours ago • Mike Cohen The Progressive Era in the US: Growing Government Between 1890s-1920 13 hours ago • Owen Rust Red America: 9 Most Notable American Communists With communism’s global influence reaching even the home of capitalism, several Americans became key proponents of the ideology. a day ago • Robin Gillham The Real Historical Background of Sir Percival’s Arthurian Legends Sir Percival is a famous character from the Arthurian legends closely associated with the Holy Grail. Was the virtuous knight a real historical figure? By Caleb Howells 8 Most Famous Cats From History Cats have been by our side for thousands of years, and some of them have become incredibly famous. By Greg Beyer How Henry Knox Became the Father of US Artillery During the American Revolution The United States would not have won the American Revolutionary War without Henry Knox, the father of United States artillery. By Jake Scheidemann The Real Historical Background of Sir Percival’s Arthurian Legends Sir Percival is a famous character from the Arthurian legends closely associated with the Holy Grail. Was the virtuous knight a real historical figure? By Caleb Howells 8 Most Famous Cats From History Cats have been by our side for thousands of years, and some of them have become incredibly famous. By Greg Beyer How Henry Knox Became the Father of US Artillery During the American Revolution The United States would not have won the American Revolutionary War without Henry Knox, the father of United States artillery. By Jake Scheidemann Roman Emperors View Posts PHILOSOPHY View All Posts Explaining the Profound, Cosmic Infidelity in Camus’s “Adulterous Woman” How are we to understand Camus’s short story The Adulterous Woman and how does she relate to Camus’s position on the French-Algerian settlers? 14 days ago • Simon Lea Nietzsche’s Riddle: Why Did Zarathustra Credit “Sounding Brass” for His Greatest Victory? Nietzsche’s most important idea, from his most important work, rests on the idea of ‘sounding brass.’ No one knows for sure what it means. 15 days ago • Simon Lea Can You Have a Conversation with Your Unconscious? 17 days ago • Maysara Kamal How 5 Great Thinkers Found Meaning Through Walking What do an ancient Greek philosopher, a French exile, an American urbanist, a 19th-century German philosopher, and a Scottish nature writer have in common? Walking. By Scott Mclaughlan 5 Quotes by Thomas Hobbes Explained Hobbes teaches us to seek truth, beware of manipulation, understand human nature, value science, and approach language cautiously. By Viktoriya Sus How Descartes’ Mind-Body Dualism Still Haunts Cognitive Science Today René Descartes’ mind-body dualism, the view that the mind and body are different kinds of things, haunts cognitive science to this day. By Ryan Alexander How 5 Great Thinkers Found Meaning Through Walking What do an ancient Greek philosopher, a French exile, an American urbanist, a 19th-century German philosopher, and a Scottish nature writer have in common? Walking. By Scott Mclaughlan 5 Quotes by Thomas Hobbes Explained Hobbes teaches us to seek truth, beware of manipulation, understand human nature, value science, and approach language cautiously. By Viktoriya Sus How Descartes’ Mind-Body Dualism Still Haunts Cognitive Science Today René Descartes’ mind-body dualism, the view that the mind and body are different kinds of things, haunts cognitive science to this day. By Ryan Alexander ART & ARTISTS View All Posts Grand Guignol: The Story of the Notorious Horror Theater 11 hours ago • Anastasiia Kirpalov 10 Artists Who Chronicled Depression-Era America & Their Works During this decade of economic depression and personal suffering, artists depicted the hard times and celebrated traditional American values. 2 days ago • Kristen Osborne-Bartucca The Life and Legacy of Natsume Sōseki, Modern Japan’s Greatest Novelist A celebrated literary figure, Natsume Sōseki was widely credited for pioneering modern Japanese literature in the late 19th and early 20th century. 2 days ago • Ching Yee Lim How 5 Great Thinkers Found Meaning Through Physical Exercise From Plato to Nietzsche, these are five philosophers’ views on physical exercise and how the body shapes discipline, balance, and the good life. By Igor Zanetti The 6 Most Stylish Moments in the History of Art (From Vermeer to Sargent) One of the most iconic outfits in art history was a gown embroidered with the wings of real beetles. By Anastasiia Kirpalov 5 Christmas Poems That Have Been Treasured Since the 1800s Christmas poems varied in sentiment throughout the 1800s. From joyous to heartbreaking, these poems have been treasured ever since. By Olivia Jordan How 5 Great Thinkers Found Meaning Through Physical Exercise From Plato to Nietzsche, these are five philosophers’ views on physical exercise and how the body shapes discipline, balance, and the good life. By Igor Zanetti The 6 Most Stylish Moments in the History of Art (From Vermeer to Sargent) One of the most iconic outfits in art history was a gown embroidered with the wings of real beetles. By Anastasiia Kirpalov 5 Christmas Poems That Have Been Treasured Since the 1800s Christmas poems varied in sentiment throughout the 1800s. From joyous to heartbreaking, these poems have been treasured ever since. By Olivia Jordan TRAVEL & CULTURE View All Posts 12 Historic Spots You Can’t Miss in Santorini Discover things to do in modern-day Santorini, Greece, that transport you to this Bronze Age settlement. 2 hours ago • Cait Kontalis Visiting Warsaw’s Historical Sites in Just 48 Hours 8 hours ago • Denise Brown 6 Interesting Facts About the Scablands (Washington State) With bleak vistas and fascinating features, the Scablands is a place of unparalleled distinctiveness in the United States. 12 hours ago • Greg Beyer What Are the Wealthiest Countries in Africa? Flying in the face of international perceptions of poverty, some parts of Africa are extremely wealthy! By Greg Beyer Türkiye’s Must-See Historical Sites by Region From the ruins of Troy to the grandeur of the Hagia Sophia, Türkiye’s legendary historical sites recount the stories that shaped civilizations. By Laura Pattara 7 Cool Historic Sites in Portugal That Have Withstood the Test of Time Discover some of Portugal’s most intriguing historical sites. By Inês Tito What Are the Wealthiest Countries in Africa? Flying in the face of international perceptions of poverty, some parts of Africa are extremely wealthy! By Greg Beyer Türkiye’s Must-See Historical Sites by Region From the ruins of Troy to the grandeur of the Hagia Sophia, Türkiye’s legendary historical sites recount the stories that shaped civilizations. By Laura Pattara 7 Cool Historic Sites in Portugal That Have Withstood the Test of Time Discover some of Portugal’s most intriguing historical sites. By Inês Tito Download Free Historical Maps for Students, Classrooms & More! High-Quality, Printable Cartographic Resources View Maps Download Free Historical Maps for Students, Classrooms & More! High-Quality, Printable Cartographic Resources View Maps Religion View All Posts Who Were the Gentiles in the Bible? 2 days ago • Eljoh Hartzer Why Is Moses Often Depicted with Horns? Some depictions of Moses in western art show him with horns. Why? 5 days ago • Michael Huffman Comparing the Christian, Jewish, and Islamic Calendars Comparing the calendars of the three “Abrahamic faiths”—the Jewish, Christian, and Islamic calendars—is a good way to explore these religions’ values and beliefs. 6 days ago • Michael Huffman Why Is Moses Often Depicted with Horns? Some depictions of Moses in western art show him with horns. Why? By Michael Huffman 5 Controversial Ancient Theories About Jesus’s Crucifixion The belief that Jesus rose from the dead following his crucifixion started today's largest religious movement. However, some explained Jesus’s postmortem appearances in other ways. By Michael Huffman Why the Book of Esther Never Mentions God When reading a book, one expects to find the protagonist present… Why does God appear absent from the Book of Esther in the Bible? By Eljoh Hartzer Why Is Moses Often Depicted with Horns? Some depictions of Moses in western art show him with horns. Why? By Michael Huffman 5 Controversial Ancient Theories About Jesus’s Crucifixion The belief that Jesus rose from the dead following his crucifixion started today's largest religious movement. However, some explained Jesus’s postmortem appearances in other ways. By Michael Huffman Why the Book of Esther Never Mentions God When reading a book, one expects to find the protagonist present… Why does God appear absent from the Book of Esther in the Bible? By Eljoh Hartzer Stories View All Posts 10 Classic Christmas Characters That Turn December Into a Fairy Tale These Christmas characters, drawn from film, literature, and folklore, have become cultural icons worldwide. 9 days ago • Olivia Jordan What Happened to Pablo Escobar? Pablo Escobar was a notorious drug trafficker from Colombia who founded the Medellin cartel. 13 days ago • Mike Cohen 6 Interesting Historic Events That Happened on Christmas Day 16 days ago • Elizabeth Morgan Blue Fugates: The True Story of Kentucky’s Blue People The Blue Fugates of Troublesome Creek baffled science for decades, until a rare mutation that caused the color was discovered. By Madison Whipple A Generation Later, What Does Chernobyl Look Like Today? In 1986, the world’s worst nuclear disaster emptied towns surrounding the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. Today, the scene is different. By Madison Whipple Whaleship Essex: The Terrifying Story That Inspired Moby Dick The tragedy of the whaleship Essex left horrifying scars on the minds and bodies of the men who survived but helped weave a tale that would be immortalized in literature. By Kassandre Dwyer Blue Fugates: The True Story of Kentucky’s Blue People The Blue Fugates of Troublesome Creek baffled science for decades, until a rare mutation that caused the color was discovered. By Madison Whipple A Generation Later, What Does Chernobyl Look Like Today? In 1986, the world’s worst nuclear disaster emptied towns surrounding the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. Today, the scene is different. By Madison Whipple Whaleship Essex: The Terrifying Story That Inspired Moby Dick The tragedy of the whaleship Essex left horrifying scars on the minds and bodies of the men who survived but helped weave a tale that would be immortalized in literature. By Kassandre Dwyer INTERVIEWS View Interviews For Interview Inquiries, contact Public Relations Egypt During the Bronze Age Collapse, an Interview With Dr Kara Cooney Richard Marranca talks to Dr Kara Cooney about the Bronze Age Collapse in ancient Egypt, including organized grave robbing and reuse of burial goods. Richard Marranca Egypt During the Bronze Age Collapse, an Interview With Dr Kara Cooney “The Earliest 3D Story”, Necmi Karul on Karahantepe’s Latest Discoveries An interview with Prof. Necmi Karul about Karahantepe’s Neolithic finds and the earliest three-dimensional storytelling scene. Antonis Chaliakopoulos “The Earliest 3D Story”, Necmi Karul on Karahantepe’s Latest Discoveries The Odyssey Still Matters! Dr. Paul Cartledge on Homer’s Epic Richard Marranca talks Homer, the Odyssey, and Bronze Age technology with Dr. Paul Cartledge, Professor of Greek Culture at the University of Cambridge. Richard Marranca The Odyssey Still Matters! Dr. Paul Cartledge on Homer’s Epic For Interview Inquiries, contact Public Relations Topics Ancient History History Art & Artists Philosophy Travel Interviews Religion Answers Stories Film News Maps & Resources About About Us Write for us Authors Our Team Job Openings Contact Us Follow your Favorite Topics. Sign up to our Free Weekly Newsletter hello@thecollector.com Copyright © 2025 TheCollector Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy