The Calculator Site - Free Online Calculators Popup calculator Copy a link to this page Print this page Email a link to this page Scroll up to form What does this mean? Remove this row Open/Close content Close content Return to content Copy to clipboard Finance Finance Calculators Compound Interest Compound Interest (Daily) Amortization Calculator APY Calculator CAGR Calculator Car Loan Calculator Cash Back Calculator Credit Card Repayment Currency Converter Forex Compounding Future Value Calculator How Long to Save How Long Will Money Last Interest Rate Calculator Investment Calculator IRR Calculator Loan Calculator Loan Payoff Calculator Margin Calculator Million to Billion Converter MMA Calculator Money Counter Mortgage Calculator Mortgage Refinance Price Per Square Foot Retirement Planning Savings Calculators Savings Goals Simple Interest Calculator SIP Calculator Stock Average Calculator Pay Hourly to Salary Calc Overtime Calculator Pay Raise Calculator Salary to Hourly Calc Time and a Half Calculator Featured Units Height / Length Centimeters to feet Centimeters to inches Feet to inches Feet to meters Inches to centimeters Inches to feet Meters to feet & inches mm to inches Mass (Weight) Grams to pounds Kilos to stone & lb Kilos to pounds Micrograms to mg Micrograms to grams Milligrams to grams Ounces to pounds Stone to pounds Volume Cubic feet to gallons Gallons to ounces Liters to gallons Liters to ounces Volume to Weight Cubic yards to tons Gallons to pounds Liters to tons Force Inch-pounds to ft-lb Newton-Meters to ft lb Area Square ft and acres Square meters to square ft Area to Volume Square feet to cubic feet Square feet to cubic yds Energy Amps to watts Hertz to seconds Lumens to Watts Watts to amps Unit Groups Unit Converters Acceleration Area Data Storage Data Transfer Rate Energy Fuel Consumption Gold Weight Height Length and Distance Liquid Volume Mass and Weight Power Pressure Temperature Time Velocity Water Weight Weight Weight to Volume Home/Garden Materials & Measurements CBM Calculator Cubic Feet Calculator Cubic Yards Calculator Square Footage How Much Flooring Asphalt Calculator Gravel Calculator Mulch Calculator Home Energy Electricity Cost Calculator LED Savings Calculator Miles Per kWh Calculator MPGe Calculator Misc Time Age Calculator Age Difference Calculator Chronological Age Date Calculator Days Between Dates Days From Today Days Until... Generation Calculator Education Final Grade Calculator Uni Grade Calculator Math Decimal to Fraction Density Calculator Fractions Calculators Hex to Decimal Percentage Calculator Percentage Change Handy Birthday Calculator Roman Numerals Scientific Calculator Cooking Cooking Calculators Cooking Converter Air Fryer Converter Baking Conversions Butter Converter Cups to Grams Cups to mL Cups to Ounces Cups to Tablespoons Grams to Cups Grams to Ounces Grams to Tablespoons Grams to Teaspoons mL to Grams Ounces to mL Ounces to Grams Oven Temperatures Pints to Cups Pounds and Cups Quarts to Cups Tablespoons to Teaspoons Teaspoons to Grams Teaspoons to mL Health Health Calculators BMI Calculator BMR Calculator How Long to Walk a Mile How Many Steps in a Mile Kilojoules to Calories Miles to Steps Pregnancy Calculator Sobriety Calculator Steps to Calories Steps to Km Steps to Miles WHR Calculator Contact Us Add to phone 📲 Free Calculators and Converters An extensive collection of free, highly-rated online calculators and converters covering finance, construction, education, health, cooking and math for everyday use. Trusted by millions - over 8 million calculations performed every month. Quick Search: Financial Calculators A suite of financial calculators to assist with projections for savings, investments, loans, mortgages and small business calculations. Compound Interest Calculator Use our popular compound interest calculator to determine the future value of your savings or investments over time. Loan Calculator Calculate repayments for personal loans, student loans or mortgages. You can also incorporate extra payments. Compound Interest (Daily) Compound Interest Formula Amortization Calculator APY Calculator CAGR Calculator Car Loan Calculator Cash Back Calculator Forex Compounding Future Value Calculator How Long to Save How Long Will Money Last Hourly to Salary Calculator Interest Rate Calculator Investment Calculator IRR Calculator Loan Payoff Calculator Margin Calculator Million to Billion Converter MMA Calculator Money Counter Overtime Calculator Pay Raise Calculator Price Per Square Foot Salary to Hourly Calculator Savings Calculators Savings Goal Calculators Simple Interest Calculator SIP Calculator Stock Average Calculator Time and a Half Calculator Everyday Calculators Common calculations for construction projects, math problems, date planning, and daily tasks. From square footage to percentages to age 
calculations. Square Footage Calculator Work out the square footage of an area for flooring, landscaping, carpets, or other construction projects. Percentage Calculator Work out percentage increases, decreases or differences for tax, gratuities, discounts, grades or more. Age Calculator Age Difference Calculator Asphalt Calculator Birthday Calculator CBM Calculator Chronological Age Cubic Feet Calculator Cubic Yards Calculator Date Calculator Days Between Dates Days From Today Days Until... Decimal to Fraction Density Calculator Electricity Cost Calculator Fractions Calculators Generation Calculator Gravel Calculator Hex to Decimal Converters How Much Flooring do I Need? LED Savings Calculator Miles Per kWh Calculator MPGe Calculator Mulch Calculator Percentage Change Roman Numerals Sig Figs Calculator Final Grade Calculator Uni Grade Calculator Featured Conversions A series of individual converters for popular weight, length, height, area and energy units. Kilos to stone & pounds Convert between these popular units of weight in the imperial and metric systems. Centimeters to feet & inches Our popular calculator for converting units of height, length or distance. Grams to Pounds Kilos to Pounds Stone to Pounds Centimeters to Inches Cubic Yards to Tons Feet to Inches Feet to Meters Gallons to Ounces Gallons to Pounds Hertz to Seconds Inch-pounds to ft-lb Inches to Centimeters Inches to Feet Liters to Gallons Liters to Ounces Liters to Tons Lumens to Watts Meters to Feet & Inches Micrograms to mg Milligrams to Grams Millimeters to Inches Newton-Meters to ft lb Ounces and Pounds Square Feet to Acres Square Feet to Cubic Feet Square Feet to Cubic Yards Square Meters to Square Feet Watts to Amps Health A small collection of health calculators, from BMI and BMR through to pregnancy and exercise. Steps to Miles Calculator Calculate how many miles you've walked and how many calories you've burned for your walk or run. Pregnancy Calculator Use our calculator to work out your possible due date and see the key milestones on your pregnancy journey. BMI Calculator BMR Calculator How Many Steps in a Mile Kilojoules to Calories Miles to Steps Calculator Steps to Calories Steps to Km Calculator Sobriety Calculator WHR Calculator Cooking Calculators A suite of recipe calculators to help you with converting between metric and imperial units when baking or cooking. Cooking Converter Use this recipe converter to quickly convert between all common units involved in cooking. Cups to Grams Convert easily between cups and grams using this handy conversion tool. Air Fryer Converter Baking Conversions Butter Converter Cups to mL Cups to Ounces Cups to Tablespoons Grams to Cups Grams to Ounces Grams to Tablespoons Grams to Teaspoons mL to Grams Ounces to Grams Ounces to mL Oven Temperatures Pints to Cups Pounds and Cups Quarts to Cups Tablespoons to Teaspoons Teaspoons to Grams Teaspoons to mL Unit Conversions A series of unit converters for area, energy, fuel consumption, length & distance, volume, weight and more. Area Converter Convert between acres, square centimeters, square feet, square miles and other units of area. Height Converter Use this converter to change imperial measurements of height into metric, and vice-versa. Acceleration Converter Data Storage Converter Energy Converter Fuel Economy Calculator Length and Distance Mass & Weight Converter Power Converter Pressure Converter Time Converter Velocity Converter Volume Converter Water Weight Calculator Weight Converter Weight To Volume Are the calculators on our site free to use? Yes, all the online calculators on The Calculator Site are free for you to use at your convenience. Our website is funded by the advertising we feature on our pages. We hope you find our calculators useful. Founded in 2010, The Calculator Site evolved from our converter tools established in 2004. You can learn more 
about The Calculator Site and the causes we support on our about page . Percentage Calculator Calculate percentage additions and deductions with our handy calculator. Birthday Calculator Discover the number one song and movie on the day you were born. Finance Compound Interest Calculator CAGR Calculator Percentage Calculator Salary to Hourly Calculator Simple Interest Calculator All Finance Calculators... Home & Garden CBM Calculator Cubic Feet Calculator Cubic Yards Calculator Mulch Calculator Square Footage Calculator All Construction Calculators... Cooking Cups to Grams Grams to Cups Grams to Tablespoons Grams to Teaspoons mL to Grams All Cooking Calculators... Company Articles About The Calculator Site Privacy & Cookie Use Terms and Conditions Contact Us © Copyright 2025, Hazell Industries Hazell Industries Ltd, 124 City Road, London. EC1V 2NX