Home | The Canadian Encyclopedia topics People Arts & Culture Business & Economics Communities & Sociology Education History/Historical Figures Military Nature & Geography Politics & Law Science & Technology Sports & Recreation Places Arts & Culture Buildings & Monuments Cities & Populated Places Geographical Features Historic Sites Military Parks & Nature Reserves Provinces & Territories Transportation Things Arts & Culture Business & Economics Communities & Sociology Education History Military Nature & Geography Politics & Law Science & Technology Sports & Recreation Collections All Collections The Memory Project Canada During COVID-19 Explore the  Educational Resources: Indigenous Peoples in Canada  collection Educators Timelines All Timelines People Places Things Explore the  Canada in the 1930s  timeline Quizzes Quizzes The Challenge Vikings in Canada Sign in Help Donate fr Search The Canadian Encyclopedia Enter your search term Login Remember me I forgot my password or Login With Facebook Login With X Why sign up? Signing up enhances your TCE experience with the ability to save items to your personal reading list, and access the interactive map. Create Account Canadian Women's Army Corps Article During the Second
World War, Canadian women, for the first time, were mobilized for service in the Canadian
Armed Forces. Of the roughly 50,000 wome... Read more Irene Uchida Article Singh Case Article Passe-Partout Article Aiyyana Maracle Article But now she loved winter. Winter was beautiful "up back" - almost intolerably beautiful. Days of clear brilliance. Evenings that were like cups of glamour - the purest vintage of winter's wine. Lucy Maud Montgomery , Author Today in Canadian History Dec 30 quiz Newfoundland and Labrador Take this Quiz timeline Canada in the 1930s From the Great Depression to the outbreak of the Second World War , Canadians faced hardship and disruption. Government responses included work camps , economic and social legislation, and limits to immigration. By 1940, Canada had a national bank , broadcaster , film board and unemployment insurance scheme . But government help was limited and many people struggled in the “Dirty Thirties.” Canadians staged strikes and protests and joined populist political movements. Some embraced radical alternatives like fascism or communism , including those who fought in the Spanish Civil War . Artists and writers recorded and responded to these developments, embracing modernism and social realism in their work. Explore the timeline Korean War Resource Kit Education Guide View resource Educator Resources Find resources for teachers and students here. Find resources Latest Justina Di Stasio Article Currie Dixon Article Canadian Jewish Congress Article Lise Bacon Article Updates? Omissions? Article suggestions? We want to hear from you Did you like your experience? Take our survey English | Anglais French | Français Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe We have 63,576 images We have 25,543 articles We have 70 collections We have 4,172 primary sources We have 52 quizzes We have 76 timelines We have 85 Education Guides We have 5,194 authors Follow us elsewhere About Contribute Contact Sitemap policies The Canadian Encyclopedia © 2025 | Historica Canada Historica Canada Citizenship challenge Heritage minutes The memory project Suggest an Edit