Easy Recipes - The Cookie Rookie® Skip to content Download my FREE Recipe eBook → Recipe Index Christmas Course Dinner Appetizers Breakfast Lunch Easy Burger and Sandwich Ideas Soups Side Dishes Desserts Drinks Holiday Pet Treats Method Oven Baking Air Fryer Instant Pot Grilled One Pot/One Pan Skillet Crock Pot and Slow Cooker About Collaborate Search quick and easy recipes for busy families Swipe to browse categories! Dinners Chicken Appetizers Desserts Swipe to browse categories! Side Dishes Cookies Soups Healthy One Pot/One Pan Holiday Recipes Pasta Casseroles Browse All Welcome! Hi, I’m Becky Hardin! I started The Cookie Rookie in 2012, and ever since, I’ve been sharing easy, delicious recipes you can trust. Here, you’ll find everything from simple dinner ideas and crockpot meals to creative chicken dishes and desserts anyone can make. My goal is to help busy families get tasty food on the table quickly and easily. You may have seen some of my recipes featured in The Kitchn, People Magazine, Home and Family, The Today Show, and more! Learn More → Latest posts New! Air Fryer Onion Rings New! Black Eyed Peas (Stovetop) New! Banana Bread Latte New! Ham and Cheese Croissants New! Crockpot Stuffed Pepper Soup New! Creamy Chicken Soup FREE EBOOK Receive new recipes and my free learn to cook ebook! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. First Name * Email * Get my copy Favorite Christmas Recipes! I’m excited to share some of my favorite Christmas recipes, made with delicious seasonal flavors! More Christmas Recipes Pineapple Ham (Spiral Ham Recipe) Holiday Punch Recipe Garlic Mashed Cauliflower Crockpot Spiral Ham Jiffy Corn Casserole Beef Tenderloin Chocolate Cream Pie Make Ahead Mashed Potatoes Easy Tortilla Pinwheels Orange Cranberry Pork Loin (Roast Pork Loin) More Christmas Recipes Popular Christmas Cookies! Hershey Kiss Cookies Christmas Bark Gooey Butter Cookies Nutella Stuffed Cookies Favorite Dinner Recipes What’s for dinner!? The most common question in America. We have all kinds of easy dinner recipes and ideas ready to make tonight. More dinner recipes Tuscan Chicken Birria Tacos Recipe Hamburger Casserole Recipe Baked Ranch Chicken with Bacon (Chicken Bacon Ranch) Crockpot BBQ Chicken Beef Brisket Recipe (Oven Baked) Kentucky Fried Chicken (Copycat Recipe) Creamy Chicken Soup Crockpot Ribs Crockpot Chicken Breast Crockpot Chicken and Dumplings Melt in Your Mouth Caesar Chicken More dinner recipes Easy as cake cake mix cookie recipes These fun and delicious cookies are made with cake mix! We have a ton of varieties and they’re a favorite to bake with our kids. Cake mix cookies Cooking Resources The Cookie Rookie is committed to help both beginner and new chefs learn to cook! Below are 3 resources to help you at any level. Rookie Cookie? Learn To Cook If you’re just beginning your to learn your way around a kitchen, start here! We have tips, tricks, tutorials, and more! Get Started Master Chef? Sharpen Techniques If you’re comfortable with cooking but want to take your skills fo the next level, click here. Free printables, cooking videos, and upscale recipes. Challenge me Grow your collection! Free Recipe Ebook Gimme the free stuff! Download our FREE ebook with all of our favorite 5 Ingredient Recipes. Quick and easy dinner, here we come. Download now Caramelized Onions (How to Caramelize Onions) How to Cook Steak in the Oven How to Cook Ground Beef (Boiling Ground Beef for Tacos, Spaghetti, etc.) Essential Grocery List (How to stock your fridge and pantry) Meat Temperature Chart (Free Printable) How to Cook Ribeye Steak (Pan-Seared Ribeye) Stovetop Burgers (How to Cook Burgers on the Stove) How to Cut an Onion (How to Dice, Mince, and Chop Onions) Watch & Learn Learn to cook Becky’s favorite dishes! Browse videos Free “Learning to Cook” ebook! Get my copy Most popular recipes These fan favorite recipes never disappoint. Whether they’ve been pinned millions of times on pinterest or have hundreds of user reviews, you can trust that they’re delicious and easy. Homemade Alfredo Sauce Bulletproof Coffee Easy Tortilla Pinwheels Cheeseburger Sliders (Baked Sliders Recipe) Burger Seasoning Goulash (American Style) Recipe Honey Garlic Chicken Thighs Twice Baked Potatoes Recipe Homemade Dog Treats Recipe (Peanut Butter Dog Treats) White Queso Recipe Cucumber Onion Salad Baked Chicken Wings EASY BURGERs Juicy burgers are my specialty – get ready for burger season with these easy classic burgers! More Easy Burger Recipes Air Fryer Hamburgers Wisconsin Butter Burger Recipe Peanut Butter Burgers BBQ Burger Recipe More Easy Burger Recipes New Chicken Recipes Is there anything better than a delicious chicken recipe? These easy chicken meals are sure to please. More chicken recipes Oven Fried Chicken Breast Recipe Chicken Potstickers Paella Chicken Chow Mein Ranch Chicken Wings General Tso’s Chicken Drunken Noodles Szechuan Chicken More chicken recipes Must-Try Recipes Browse all “My husband’s new weeknight fave. I served with a salad and naan bread and it felt like a holiday! Delicious!” Liz Get recipe “WOW!! just finished eating! What a Delicious burger!! better than eating out nowadays! super easy to cook.” Nidron Get recipe “This is the only recipe I use for chicken wings, always comes out great., thank you.” Paul Get recipe Back to top The Cookie Rookie® Recipes Dinner Recipes 30 Minute Meals Kid-Friendly Recipes Chicken Recipes Crockpot Recipe Roundups Free Resources Cooking Guides Essential Grocery List Cooking Conversions Chart Meat Temperature Chart (Free Printable) About Meet Becky Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Connect Instagram Pinterest Facebook TikTok YouTube ©2025 The Cookie Rookie® Branding by Melissa Rose Design • Powered by CultivateWP Sharing is Caring Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!