Home | The Ecologist Skip to main content Menu The breast cancer blind spot Monica Piccinini | 19th December 2025 Wes Streeting, the secretary for Health and Social Care, must find funding for research Into invasive lobular breast cancer - to save lives and end an injustice towards women. Sign up to our newsletter Latest news and analysis Trade secrecy fuels climate crisis Brendan Montague | 17th December 2025 Westminster system leaves British trade policy 'hopelessly captured' by climate polluters. 'A hubristic, colossal wreck' Josh Appignanesi | 17th December 2025 How tolerant will Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s Turkey will be towards activists during COP31 next year? People getting mad in similar ways John R Eperjesi | 16th December 2025 Migration and mutual aid in The Grapes of Wrath. UK links to human rights abuses scrutinised Catherine Early | 15th December 2025 Campaigners speak out on the need to hold UK companies to account for abuses. The good in us all Sadaf Mehrabi | 12th December 2025 'Jane Goodall modelled a civic practice that the world urgently needs to scale: persistent, emotionally intelligent engagement with both science and society.' Britain 'seeking a quarter of global lithium' Cleodie Rickard | 11th December 2025 Britain's Critical Minerals Strategy fails on its own terms – and on the necessity of global resource justice. Ecologist Writers’ Fund Resistance is a river Yasmin Dahnoun | 8th December 2025 Corruption, illegal mining, and lack of action threaten Peru’s mountain communities as glaciers disappear. What the old folk teach us Mary-Ann Ochota | 27th October 2025 Our preconceptions are often challenged when we engage with people cross-culturally. What might we discover if we turn that same curiosity to the ancient past? Ecocide and resistance in Palestine Mazin Qumsiyeh | 2nd September 2025 The Palestinian perspective: Israel is committing not only human violence, but also climate violence: genocide and ecocide. The global nappy poonami Adam Ramsay | 4th August 2025 Big Nappy has convinced parents not to potty train children at the right age - leading to mountains of pollution and some serious health issues. Seeding ecofeminism in Rojava Amélie David | 28th July 2025 Women play central role in building new societal models that break from patriarchy and capitalism in Rojava. 'A vision for culture, ecology, technology' Anna Lina Litz | 30th June 2025 Taking stock of the New European Bauhaus: art-science from coral reefs to choral AI. 'I'm living my purpose' Joanne Bloch | 13th June 2025 Lindi Shozi’s ever-deepening commitment to environmental activism in South Africa provides is an inspiration. Themes Activism 'A hubristic, colossal wreck' Josh Appignanesi | 17th December 2025 How tolerant will Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s Turkey will be towards activists during COP31 next year? People getting mad in similar ways John R Eperjesi | 16th December 2025 Migration and mutual aid in The Grapes of Wrath. UK links to human rights abuses scrutinised Catherine Early | 15th December 2025 Campaigners speak out on the need to hold UK companies to account for abuses. Why are we still promoting destruction? Liam Killeen | 10th December 2025 We Can, a new comic‑book and animation series, asks bluntly: if we can achieve miracles, why are we still promoting destruction? 'You spin me right round' Brendan Montague | 9th December 2025 A British clothing brand tackling the environmental cost of Christmas launches a new collection made from waste. How to end factory farming Claire Williams | 27th November 2025 The Humane League set up the Open Wing Alliance. Here, its campaign manager, discusses its strategy for forcing change. 'We need a media consumers union' Tom Hardy | 26th November 2025 Touch Paper: a media consumers union arrives to fill the breach. Biodiversity The good in us all Sadaf Mehrabi | 12th December 2025 'Jane Goodall modelled a civic practice that the world urgently needs to scale: persistent, emotionally intelligent engagement with both science and society.' Lynx, beavers and aurochs return to Highlands Brendan Montague | 1st December 2025 Rewilding charity to launch 'missing species programme' for Scottish Highlands. Law 'will incubate' rewilding nation Brendan Montague | 20th November 2025 New law says large landowners need to set out biodiversity plans - in ‘big step towards a rewilding nation’ 'If ecosystems go, we go' Brendan Montague | 19th November 2025 Ecologists call for ecosystem approach to halt nature decline. River access pledge 'too small a step' Rebecca Speare-Cole | 11th November 2025 Right to Roam slams British government plan for access to nine rivers as too little - and too complex. His name is Kshamenk Rebecca Gaston | 4th November 2025 A whale lies motionless behind concrete walls on Argentina’s coast. His name is Kshamenk. 'We must end animal testing - and solve sepsis' Julia Baines | 22nd October 2025 The University of Kent has pledged not to conduct any sepsis experiments on animals after hearing from PETA, and now, others must follow. Climate Breakdown Seashells offer climate solution Brendan Montague | 2nd December 2025 Seashells offer low-carbon concrete breakthrough in new study. 'If we take action, we might survive' Jeanne Bernhard-Paulin | 1st December 2025 'This is no longer a risk, it is an emergency,' explain climate experts to more than a thousand British MPs and civil society leaders. A summit at the nadir of credibility? Monica Piccinini | 21st November 2025 Global leaders attend meetings under the canopy of the Amazon rainforest, pledging ambition, justice and preservation. 'Change is happening, it's just painfully slow' Rachael Mellor | 10th November 2025 COP30: climate course-correction or collision? Hurricane Melissa adds urgency to COP30 Christopher McKeon Brendan Montague | 29th October 2025 Hurricane Melissa shows need for climate action at Cop30 summit, Cabinet hears. 'Ideas for navigating a stormy future' Brendan Montague | 28th October 2025 Overshoot: Navigating a world beyond 1.5°C is released 10 years after the landmark Paris climate agreement. Climate storms threatens 'vicious cycle' Brendan Montague | 28th October 2025 Climate impacts will 'get in the way of action to tackle the underlying problem'. Economics and policy The breast cancer blind spot Monica Piccinini | 19th December 2025 Wes Streeting, the secretary for Health and Social Care, must find funding for research Into invasive lobular breast cancer - to save lives and end an injustice towards women. Trade secrecy fuels climate crisis Brendan Montague | 17th December 2025 Westminster system leaves British trade policy 'hopelessly captured' by climate polluters. Recycling 'worsens microplastics problem' Brendan Montague | 9th December 2025 Changing Markets Foundation reveals recycled polyester creates 55 per cent more microplastic pollution. Aid money is funding toxic air Brendan Montague | 5th December 2025 Governments worldwide channel 80 per cent more aid into fossil fuel prolonging projects — reaching US$ 9.5 billion. Resisting Black Friday advertising hype Robbie Gillett | 28th November 2025 Strikes, walkouts and protests are again planned for the Black Friday and Cyber Monday weekend at Amazon sites in 30 countries. Private jet tax should be sky high Brendan Montague | 24th November 2025 Possible is calling on British chancellor Rachel Reeves to start taxing private jets fairly in the upcoming budget, a move which could raise up to £2.7bn in tax revenue. COP30 'must declare an end to ISDS’ Brendan Montague | 18th November 2025 British fossil fuel investors claim more than twice as much money as government has paid in climate finance. Energy Carbon credits 'a free pass for polluters' Monica Piccinini | 5th November 2025 Can we really offset our way out of the climate crisis? Public say, not okay computer Brendan Montague | 3rd November 2025 More than 78 per cent of people in the UK said new data centres should only be built if they are powered by renewable energy sources. Hyperscale data centres will 'turbocharge emissions' James Meadway | 14th October 2025 Planned obsolescence: why fast-tracking data centres through the planning system is a disaster in waiting. The real power brokers Adam Ramsay | 3rd October 2025 We won’t get real climate action while big polluters are overseeing government departments. 'The great gas rip-off' Rebecca Speare-Cole | 22nd September 2025 Green protesters scale chimney stacks at Nottinghamshire gas-fired power station. Green energy and community Anna Turns | 3rd September 2025 Anna Turns reviews 'The Shetland Way: Community and Climate Crisis on My Father’s Islands' by Marianne Brown. Coal power made history Rebecca Speare-Cole | 29th August 2025 Homes, school and green spaces to replace old coal-fired power station. Food and Farming The hidden harm from salmon farming Brendan Montague | 4th December 2025 Thousands of wild fish filmed trapped inside Scottish salmon farm cage described as 'disease reservoir'. A cocktail of pesticides Monica Piccinini | 3rd December 2025 PAN UK is calling on the British Government to rethink its new pesticide-reduction strategy, which now only covers crops like grains. A meaty budget proposal Rachael Mellor | 25th November 2025 How Rachel Reeves could introduce a meat tax in her budget and curb climate emissions and improve public health. COP30 shines spotlight on sociobioeconomy Catherine Early | 17th November 2025 This year's UN climate talks will feature traditional food sourced from family farming for the first time. Argan oil co-operatives in Morocco 'pushed to margins' Juliet Ferguson Julie Chaudier Alice Facchini | 13th November 2025 Morocco’s women co-operatives lose out as argan oil becomes global cosmetic must-have. KFC chickens suffering 'on rise' Brendan Montague | 12th November 2025 Fast food venue KFC chickens suffering increases - according to the company's own report. Waitrose 'relies on animal welfare myths' William Gildea | 31st October 2025 Waitrose hails leap in animal welfare standards - but its promises are hard to believe. Mining Britain 'seeking a quarter of global lithium' Cleodie Rickard | 11th December 2025 Britain's Critical Minerals Strategy fails on its own terms – and on the necessity of global resource justice. Resistance is a river Yasmin Dahnoun | 8th December 2025 Corruption, illegal mining, and lack of action threaten Peru’s mountain communities as glaciers disappear. Military diverting critical materials from renewables Brendan Montague | 7th August 2025 Campaigners say green transition must not be hijacked by military industries or used to undermine the economies of developing countries. Nerves of steel J P O’Malley | 14th May 2025 How the citizens of Zenica, one of Europe’s most polluted cities, came together to fight against a polluting steelworks. Mourning Rio Tinto protesters Yvonne Orengo | 20th October 2024 Today marks the first anniversary of three protesters being shot and killed in Madagascar during a demonstration against Rio Tinto’s QMM mine. We're only here for De Beers? James Meadway | 15th May 2024 The increased demand for minerals for renewable energy infrastructure is driving the concentration of capital in the mining sector. Raw materials extraction 'could rise 60 per cent' Gareth Dale | 22nd February 2024 Extraction of raw materials could rise 60 per cent by 2060 – so is degrowth the answer? Writers Brendan Montague Trade secrecy fuels climate crisis Brendan Montague | 17th December 2025 Westminster system leaves British trade policy 'hopelessly captured' by climate polluters. Recycling 'worsens microplastics problem' Brendan Montague | 9th December 2025 Changing Markets Foundation reveals recycled polyester creates 55 per cent more microplastic pollution. 'You spin me right round' Brendan Montague | 9th December 2025 A British clothing brand tackling the environmental cost of Christmas launches a new collection made from waste. Aid money is funding toxic air Brendan Montague | 5th December 2025 Governments worldwide channel 80 per cent more aid into fossil fuel prolonging projects — reaching US$ 9.5 billion. The hidden harm from salmon farming Brendan Montague | 4th December 2025 Thousands of wild fish filmed trapped inside Scottish salmon farm cage described as 'disease reservoir'. Seashells offer climate solution Brendan Montague | 2nd December 2025 Seashells offer low-carbon concrete breakthrough in new study. Lynx, beavers and aurochs return to Highlands Brendan Montague | 1st December 2025 Rewilding charity to launch 'missing species programme' for Scottish Highlands. Yasmin Dahnoun Resistance is a river Yasmin Dahnoun | 8th December 2025 Corruption, illegal mining, and lack of action threaten Peru’s mountain communities as glaciers disappear. 'The Earth is calling' Yasmin Dahnoun | 5th August 2025 'Earth Songs' celebrates nature’s wonders, highlights the impacts of consumerism on ecosystems, and draws attention to the many crises facing the Global South. Could you write an eco-hit? Yasmin Dahnoun | 18th June 2024 A new competition seeks simple, compelling songs that will inspire, uplift, and call to protect our planet. Profiting from poverty Yasmin Dahnoun Brendan Montague | 15th April 2024 Stop polluting politics: activists hang a banner off Westminster Bridge vowing to challenge MPs who take oil money. A green transition for North Africa Yasmin Dahnoun | 9th February 2024 Dismantling Green Colonialism is topical and timely, with chapters emphasising the greenwashing of settler colonialism in Palestine. The ‘environmental Nakba’ Yasmin Dahnoun | 2nd November 2023 Fear as Palestinian farmers harvest their olives amid escalating violence in the occupied West Bank. Poetry in motion Yasmin Dahnoun | 16th October 2023 The Civic Centre in Plymouth comes to life through a public art exhibition that champions love in the face of the climate emergency. Catherine Early UK links to human rights abuses scrutinised Catherine Early | 15th December 2025 Campaigners speak out on the need to hold UK companies to account for abuses. COP30 shines spotlight on sociobioeconomy Catherine Early | 17th November 2025 This year's UN climate talks will feature traditional food sourced from family farming for the first time. The ringmaster Catherine Early | 17th November 2025 As Kate Raworth's doughnut economics model turns 13 years old, she has launched both a peer-reviewed paper and a circus. Making a scene out of the climate crisis Catherine Early | 7th November 2025 David Finnegan has found a way to combine science and the arts to help climate researchers engage better with stakeholders and also create compelling drama. Climate activism - a love story Catherine Early | 30th July 2025 Jonathon Porritt and Just Stop Oil collaborate to 'break climate bubble'. Right to repair 'would reduce inequality' Catherine Early | 24th July 2025 Will the government’s upcoming circular economy strategy consider a right to repair and overconsumption? A rebellious summer Catherine Early | 26th June 2025 Climate activists Extinction Rebellion are preparing for direct action campaigns around the UK. Simon Pirani Free public transport in Ukraine Simon Pirani | 27th August 2025 The common weal versus capitalist modernity. Climate breakdown is an injustice multiplier Simon Pirani | 6th August 2025 Simon Pirani reviews 'Climate Injustice: Why We Need to Fight Global Inequality to Combat Climate Change', by Friederike Otto (Greystone Books, 2025) Rooftop solar can be torn out of capital’s hands Simon Pirani | 7th May 2025 Decentralised solar has the potential to support co-operative, municipal and other forms of community ownership and control. Oiling the machine Simon Pirani | 19th November 2024 'Crude Capitalism' provides a history of oil that helps dissect the many-headed hydra. The road to nowhere Simon Pirani | 6th August 2024 Invest in public transport - and not the Lower Thames Crossing. Post-election battlegrounds for climate and social justice Simon Pirani | 19th June 2024 Simon Pirani identifies the likely battlegrounds between social and labour movements and a Starmer-led Labour government. 'Capitalism won’t save the planet' Simon Pirani | 3rd May 2024 Review of 'The Price is Wrong: why capitalism won’t save the planet' by Brett Christophers. Amélie David Seeds of resistance Amélie David | 20th August 2025 Farmers and grassroots collectives are reviving traditional seeds to reclaim autonomy, rebuild the soil, and resist both ecological collapse and political violence in war-torn northeastern Syria. Seeding ecofeminism in Rojava Amélie David | 28th July 2025 Women play central role in building new societal models that break from patriarchy and capitalism in Rojava. Lebanon: the environmental aftermath Amélie David | 5th May 2025 The war between Lebanon and Israel has officially ended yet Israeli strikes continue. The unprecedented destruction poses risks to health and the environment. Cultivating farmland after the bombs Amélie David | 21st March 2025 Syria dispatch: Finding life and peace amid a devastated land following the fall of dictator Bashar al-Assad. Israeli bombings destroy lives - and nature Amélie David | 3rd December 2024 Relentless Israeli bombardments have devastated Lebanon for over a year, killing more than 4,000 people. These attacks also inflict lasting damage on nature and farmland. Andrew Simms SUV ads 'must go down the tube' Andrew Simms | 6th November 2025 Call to stop promoting pollution on London’s transport system. The watchdog living beyond its rules Andrew Simms | 9th September 2025 Advertising regulator in Britain asked to investigate its own adverts... From climate emergency to national renewal Andrew Simms | 21st August 2025 Sir Keir Starmer has presided over a government that so far has failed to address the climate emergency and social inequality. This is the last chance for course correction. A legal tipping point on climate Andrew Simms | 29th July 2025 The new normal – the legal obligation to act on climate. Maybe stop advertising armageddon? Andrew Simms | 24th February 2025 WPP, Britain's biggest advertising agency, reported for breaking rules on climate and rights. Football's climate own goal Dr Stuart Parkinson Andrew Simms | 3rd February 2025 Global football’s carbon footprint threatens the sport, its players and fans - and everyone’s future. How many ads do you see? Andrew Simms Leo Murray | 23rd September 2024 The battle for human attention is heating up in tandem with the climate. Monica Piccinini The breast cancer blind spot Monica Piccinini | 19th December 2025 Wes Streeting, the secretary for Health and Social Care, must find funding for research Into invasive lobular breast cancer - to save lives and end an injustice towards women. A cocktail of pesticides Monica Piccinini | 3rd December 2025 PAN UK is calling on the British Government to rethink its new pesticide-reduction strategy, which now only covers crops like grains. A summit at the nadir of credibility? Monica Piccinini | 21st November 2025 Global leaders attend meetings under the canopy of the Amazon rainforest, pledging ambition, justice and preservation. Carbon credits 'a free pass for polluters' Monica Piccinini | 5th November 2025 Can we really offset our way out of the climate crisis? Banking on rainforest destruction Monica Piccinini | 23rd October 2025 COP30 countdown: the banks financing the Amazon’s oil addiction. Where police are paid to kill Monica Piccinini | 7th October 2025 Police in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, will be paid bonuses for killing suspects. Aimed at organized crime, the law will hit ethnic minorities - and eco-activists. Biotech: a brave new world Monica Piccinini | 4th September 2025 Biotech is no longer just science: it’s a tool that is rewriting what life looks like. Featured Resurgence & Ecologist Water, everywhere Anna Souter | 29th October 2025 Access to water, socio-economic inequality and the environmental crisis come to the surface in a thought-provoking exhibition. Rabies at sea Roman Goergen | 14th July 2025 Scientists are trying to determine whether rabies is now established in South Africa’s Cape fur seals. Afterwoke: from identity to unity Diyora Shadijanova | 11th July 2025 Diyora Shadijanova reviews Minority Rule: Adventures in the Culture War by Ash Sarkar. 'The praxis of reciprocity' Holly Rose | 28th May 2025 A review of The Serviceberry: An Economy of Gifts and Abundance by Robin Wall Kimmerer. Nerves of steel J P O’Malley | 14th May 2025 How the citizens of Zenica, one of Europe’s most polluted cities, came together to fight against a polluting steelworks. Queering conservation Kara Moses | 6th May 2025 'The specific contributions that the queer community could make to help meet the biodiversity crisis are often overlooked.' To speak as Gaia Daniel Christian Wahl | 12th February 2025 A heartfelt tribute to Stephan Harding, the much-missed co-founder of Schumacher College. Movement Power How to end factory farming Claire Williams | 27th November 2025 The Humane League set up the Open Wing Alliance. Here, its campaign manager, discusses its strategy for forcing change. 'We need a media consumers union' Tom Hardy | 26th November 2025 Touch Paper: a media consumers union arrives to fill the breach. A brainwave in the heatwave? Fabian Dablander Oscar Berglund Dipti Bhatnagar Julia Steinberger | 12th November 2025 Engaged academics and high-level strategists from the climate movement met to discuss movement strategy during a European heatwave last June. They released their summary report today. A green deal for American workers Neil Seldman | 6th November 2025 Book Review: The Green New Deal from Below: How Ordinary People are Building a Just Climate-Safe Economy, by Jeremy Brecher, University of Illinois Press, 2025. The power of participation Roger Hallam | 1st October 2025 From Your Party to our movement. The art of climate protest Rebecca Speare-Cole | 14th August 2025 Greenpeace installs Anish Kapoor artwork on Shell platform in North Sea. Ecology at the end of the world Roger Hallam | 1st August 2025 Climate activists need to come together to build connection, community and movements - aims and principles can come later. Megamorphosis Future health – the global policy dimension Herbert Girardet | 23rd August 2024 'In a downward spiral of entropy, we are burdening future generations with ever larger unpaid bills that we are not willing to pay.' The future - what future? Herbert Girardet | 31st July 2023 The first ever ‘summit of the future’ will be staged by the United Nations next year. It might be our last chance. Towards an Indigenous economics Herbert Girardet | 1st May 2023 How pre-industrial societies and cultures mesh together with their host environments. The metabolism of modern cities Herbert Girardet | 13th February 2023 We must urgently move from Petropolis and dependence on fossil fuels to Ecopolis supported by regenerative economies. Biosphere and technosphere Herbert Girardet | 28th November 2022 Faced with a planetary emergency, is deep ecological transformation, a ‘megamorphosis’ of modern society, still a possibility? Leverage points: a 60 year legacy Herbert Girardet | 26th September 2022 The threat posed to nature and society by the massive expansion of industrial, fossil fuel economies was discussed by a generation of authors 60 years ago. What can they teach us today? Amazonia ablaze Brendan Montague | 19th August 2022 Professor Herbert Girardet today launches a major new series of essays - Megamorphosis - exclusively with The Ecologist. Ecologist recycled Jet Zero and the politics of the technofix Gareth Dale Josh Moos | 27th August 2021 Special Investigation: It’s not ‘Jet Zero.’ It’s not even net zero. It’s plane insanity - and we’re heading for a hard landing. A virus is haunting Europe - the vector is capitalism Brendan Montague | 18th March 2020 The decision to defend capital has led to governments taking too little action too late to stop the spread of novel coronavirus. The sloth and the bonfire Pablo Solon | 28th August 2019 Nature should not be burned at the stake, legally or illegally. The ecology of victory Ian Rappel | 9th July 2019 What lessons can environmental activists learn from the dismissal of the M4 Black Route? Reimagining London Samuel Hayward | 1st July 2019 We can make London work for everyone, but we need to have a brave, grassroots vision. The oil spills of Ogoniland Amelia Collins | 17th May 2019 Oil still contaminates the Niger Delta, over two decades after Shell was first called out for its destruction of the land. Social collapse and climate breakdown Jonathan Neale | 8th May 2019 Wisdom only begins when we let in the grief and rage of understanding climate breakdown. Can we find radical hope in the face of social collapse around the world? Latest Edition The latest edition of Resurgence & Ecologist is out now, and available to buy. Find out more . Or, download a free sample copy of a past issue of Resurgence & Ecologist . Free Download Download the latest essay from The Ecologist online now . Donate to The Ecologist and support high impact environmental journalism and analysis. NEWSLETTERS Sign up for our WEEKLY newsletters - and never miss out on the amazing news and comment articles we publish. ABOUT US The Ecologist is an environmental news and analysis website with a focus on environmental, social and economic justice. Our aim is to educate and inform as many people as possible about the wonders of nature, the crisis we face and the best solutions and methods in managing that crisis. Find out about our mission, and our team, here . The website is owned and published by The Resurgence Trust, a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (5821436) and a charity registered in England and Wales (1120414). To receive the magazine, become a member now. The views expressed in the articles published on this site may not necessarily reflect those of the trust, its trustees or its staff. Regular Contributors Brendan Montague Rebecca Speare-Cole Monica Piccinini Emily Beament Catherine Early Tom Hardy Andrew Simms Roger Hallam Yasmin Dahnoun Rachael Mellor Simon Pirani Adam Ramsay Amélie David John R Eperjesi Kirtana Chandrasekaran Christopher McKeon Footer menu Show — Footer menu Hide — Footer menu Home Contact Us About Us Terms and Conditions Style Cookies Archive Writers' Fund Powered by Thunder Home Latest News and Analysis Ecologist Writers' Fund Themes Activism Biodiversity Climate Breakdown Economics and policy Energy Food and Farming Mining Writers Brendan Montague Yasmin Dahnoun Catherine Early Simon Pirani Amélie David Andrew Simms Monica Piccinini Gareth Dale Marianne Brown Resurgence & Ecologist Ecologist recycled Movement Power Megamorphosis Events