The Events Calendar | Calendar and tickets for WordPress Skip to content Products Calendar See why The Events Calendar and Pro are WordPress’ most trusted calendar plugins Tickets & RSVP Sell tickets and collect RSVPs with Event Tickets Import Events Event Aggregator automates event imports to your calendar Community Submissions Enable third-party event submission and ticketing with Community Events & Tickets Promote Increase event attendance and stay connected to your audience with Promoter Seating Sell assigned seats and boost your bottom line with interactive seating maps Event Addons Filter Bar Eventbrite Tickets Event Schedule Manager Image Widget Plus View all products Bundles The Complete Collection All of our premium events management plugins at a deep discount Event Marketing Bundle Ticket sales, attendee management, and email marketing for your events Event Importer Bundle Fill your calendar with events from across the web Community Manager Bundle Everything you need to build a robust community Venue Manager Bundle Manage in-person events like a pro Starter Bundle Get started with our two flagship products Build Your Own Bundle Choose the plugins and services that you need from The Events Calendar and save with custom bundles. Resources Knowledgebase Product questions? Start here Get Help Open a support ticket, find FAQs and more Release Notes What’s changed, what’s new Developer Docs Dig deeper on code and changelogs Feature Request Submit your ideas for our roadmap About us Blog Customer Spotlight Showcase Demo Search Cart My Account Products Calendar See why The Events Calendar and Pro are WordPress’ most trusted calendar plugins Tickets & RSVP Sell tickets and collect RSVPs with Event Tickets Import Events Event Aggregator automates event imports to your calendar Community Submissions Enable third-party event submission and ticketing with Community Events & Tickets Promote Increase event attendance and stay connected to your audience with Promoter Seating Sell assigned seats and boost your bottom line with interactive seating maps Filter Bar Eventbrite Tickets Event Schedule Manager Image Widget Plus View All Products Bundles The Complete Collection All of our premium events management plugins at a deep discount Event Marketing Bundle Ticket sales, attendee management, and email marketing for your events Event Importer Bundle Fill your calendar with events from across the web Community Manager Bundle Everything you need to build a robust community Venue Manager Bundle Manage in-person events like a pro Starter Bundle Get started with our two flagship products Build Your Own Bundle Choose the plugins and services that you need from The Events Calendar and save with custom bundles. View All Bundles Resources Knowledgebase Product questions? Start here Get Help Open a support ticket, find FAQs and more Release Notes What’s changed, what’s new Developer Docs Dig deeper on code and changelogs Feature Request Submit your ideas for our roadmap About us Blog Customer Spotlight Showcase Demo Search Cart My Account Events made easy All the tools you need to effortlessly manage your events and tickets on WordPress. Calendar Tickets The Events Calendar The #1 calendar for WordPress Learn why more than 800,000 people trust us to power their events. See it in action Event Tickets Grow ticket sales Add tickets and RSVPs to your WordPress site, with or without a calendar. Get started 800k+ installs powering over one billion events Built for your events Event Professionals Our products make event management a snap, from promotion and ticket sales to registration and communication. Developers & Agencies Fully flexible and totally customizable plugins that work seamlessly with your site. Small Businesses Our event tools help you make the most of your events: Build your brand, bolster attendance, and connect with your audience. Civic & Community Organizations The Events Calendar suite of tools is perfect for schools and universities, community groups, and civic organizations. Our Products The Events Calendar Power your events for free with The Events Calendar, or upgrade to Pro to unlock recurring events, views, premium support, and more. Event Tickets Manage ticketing and RSVPs for free with Event Tickets, or upgrade to Plus to unlock custom registration fields, advanced widgets, premium support and more. Community Add a form to your website so users can submit events to your calendar. Let users create and sell tickets for events they submit, and split the revenue. Event Aggregator Effortlessly fill your calendar with events from Meetup, Eventbrite, iCal, Google Calendar, and more. Promoter Email event communication made specifically for The Events Calendar. Filter Bar Filters let users search events by category, venue, organizer, day of the week, and more. Event Schedule Manager Easily create the perfect schedule for your event and display it on any post type — including events from The Events Calendar, of course! Eventbrite Tickets Create Eventbrite tickets and events right from your WordPress dashboard. Seating Create interactive seating maps that allow customers to choose their own seats. Add seat types like VIP to provide unique experiences while maximizing revenue. Frequently Asked Questions Do I have to renew my subscription annually? To keep your plugin up-to-date and retain access to assistance from our support team, yes, you need to renew each year. However, that doesn’t mean you have to renew in order to keep using our products. Once you download and install our plugins, they’re yours to use as long as you like. But if you don’t renew your subscription, you won’t receive important product updates or support. What does each license type include? Installing The Events Calendar is the best way to try it out. This plugin is available for free from the WordPress plugin directory and includes all of the core calendar features. If you’re curious about the features included in Events Calendar Pro, we have a live demo you can check out. Can I try it out before I buy a subscription? Nope! Event Tickets works with or without The Events Calendar. Even if you don’t have The Events Calendar, you can create RSVPs and tickets on WordPress pages and posts. What’s the difference between The Events Calendar and Events Calendar Pro? The Events Calendar is our cornerstone plugin, and it’s required in order to run any of our premium calendar add-ons, including Events Calendar Pro, Community Events, Filter Bar, and others. In other words, Events Calendar Pro runs alongside The Events Calendar and enhances it with extra features, including recurring events, event series, additional calendar views, calendar shortcodes, advanced widgets, custom event fields and more. What’s the difference between Event Tickets and Event Tickets Plus? Event Tickets is our cornerstone plugin for ticketing. This free add-on lets you create RSVPs and add tickets to events, pages and posts in WordPress. Event Tickets Plus is a premium add-on. It runs alongside Event Tickets and provides additional features, including custom ticket fields and the ability to integrate with other e-commerce platforms, including WooCommerce and Easy Digital Downloads. An Event Tickets Plus subscription also gives you access to product updates and premium support. Top-notch support All of our premium plugins and add-ons are backed by a knowledgeable support team. Support you can count on Products The Events Calendar Event Tickets Event Aggregator Community Promoter Filter Bar Eventbrite Tickets Event Schedule Manager Seating Image Widget Plus Extensions Solutions The Complete Collection Event Marketing Event Marketplace Community Manager Venue Manager Bundle Starter Bundle Customer Spotlight Showcase About Us Who We Are Work With Us Become An Affiliate Contact Our Partner Brands SolidWP LearnDash MemberDash Kadence GiveWP IconicWP Bookit Resources Live Preview Blog Nonprofit Program Release Notes Knowledgebase Developer Docs Support Webinars Subscribe to our Newsletter The newsletter form in the footer Email Products Solutions About Us Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Form used in the Global Exit Intent Popup LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) The Events Calendar Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy The Events Calendar Facebook The Events Calendar Facebook The Events Calendar Facebook The Events Calendar Facebook The Events Calendar Facebook A Liquid Web Brand Hosting for WordPress © 2025 All Rights Reserved. Search Knowledgebase 0 Dev eloper Docs 0 Everything Else 0 No recent searches Recent Searches in Knowledgebase in Developer Docs in Everything Else Searching… X click to close this window