FIRE | Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression Skip to main content Member Portal Students Faculty Alumni K-12 Educators College Administrators Store About Us Submit a Case Donate Home Store Donate Defending Your Rights What We Do Individual Rights Advocacy Reforming College Policies Legal Support Legislative Policy Reform Our Impact What we defend Free Speech Academic Freedom Religious Liberty Due Process Press Freedom Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Conscience Title IX Have your rights been violated? If you face retaliation over protected speech, reach out to FIRE to learn more about how we can protect your rights. Submit a Case Get Involved Make a difference Get FIRE Updates Take Action Donate Attend an Event Host a FIRE Speaker Be an Advocate Join Our Team Subscribe to FIRE Updates Subscribe to receive emails and texts about FIRE's work and upcoming events. Subscribe Take Action Across the nation, free speech rights are under attack. Join us in defending this essential quality of liberty. Make your voice heard and join a campaign. Protect Free Speech Research & Learn Resources Resource Library Reports Issue Pages Databases Campus Guides Toolkits Books Supreme Court Cases College Free Speech Rankings Presented by FIRE and College Pulse, the 2026 College Free Speech Rankings is the largest survey of campus free expression ever performed. Explore Rankings National Speech Index The National Speech Index is a new quarterly component of America’s Political Pulse, an ongoing weekly survey that will allow researchers to track shifting free speech sentiment in America over time. Learn More Colleges News Cases About Us Submit a Case Play or pause video Free Speech Makes Free People The Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression's mission is to defend and sustain the individual rights of all Americans to free speech and free thought — the most essential qualities of liberty. Thank You For Supporting FIRE: Here's What We Accomplished in 2025 Share Share with Email Share on Bluesky Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Print The worst of both worlds for campus free speech Op-Ed December 31, 2025 Duke shows what not to do when feds come knocking Op-Ed December 30, 2025 The trouble with banning Fizz Analysis December 22, 2025 FIRE's 2025 impact in court, on campus, and in our culture News December 22, 2025 More Free Speech News from FIRE FIRE commentary and analysis from around the web The head of the Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression talks about what free speech really means. | The Daily The Lonely Work of a Free-Speech Defender FIRE Senior Fellow Jacob Mchangama explains the global fight over a powerful idea. | Foreign Affairs Who Has Free Speech? UT Dallas has consistently been accused of free speech violations in recent years. | Dallas Observer UT Dallas is Trying to Punish a Student Editor for Editing 2026 College Free Speech Rankings The largest report of its kind, the rankings draw from more than 68,000 student respondents from 257 colleges and universities and are designed to help parents and prospective students choose the right school. Find a School Rank School Overall Speech Code 1 Claremont McKenna College Private 79.90/100 Green 2 Purdue University Public 76.20/100 Green 3 University of Chicago Private 76.10/100 Green 4 Michigan Technological University Public 75.60/100 Green 5 University of Colorado, Boulder Public 74.50/100 Green 6 University of North Carolina, Greensboro Public 74.20/100 Green 7 Vanderbilt University Private 74.00/100 Green 8 Appalachian State University Public 73.20/100 Green 9 Eastern Kentucky University Public 73.10/100 Green 10 North Carolina State University Public 72.60/100 Green Remembering 'free-thinking' writer Nat Hentoff So to Speak: The Free Speech Podcast Ep. 260 December 19, 2025 On January 7, 2017, The Associated Press announced that
"Free-thinking author and columnist Nat Hentoff is dead at 91." Your browser does not support HTML5 audio. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter View video WATCH VIDEO: Do noncitizens have First Amendment rights in the United States? Trump admin deports students for speaking out FIRE Documentary FIRE’s new series 1AX exposes the front lines of America’s free speech battles, where dissent is challenged, rights are tested, and the Constitution itself is put on trial. In this episode on free speech and immigration, FIRE interviews Nico Perrino, Jacob Mchangama, and David French on Secretary of State Marco Rubio using a McCarthy-era law to revoke student visas for noncitizens expressing pro-Palestinian views. Our Issues FIRE defends and promotes the individual rights of all Americans in our courtrooms, on our campuses, and in our culture. WHAT WE DEFEND Free Speech Freedom of speech is a human right and a fundamental American freedom. Academic Freedom College faculty must be free to ask tough questions and facilitate learning without the threat of institutional censorship. Due Process Due process demands that authorities provide fair, unbiased, and equitable procedures when determining a person’s guilt or innocence. Press Freedom Freedom of the press protects the ability of journalists and news media to publish information free from official censorship. Freedom of Assembly Freedom of assembly is the right of individuals to come together to express shared ideas, and is guaranteed by the First Amendment. Religious Liberty Religious liberty is the right to follow the faith of your choice — or to follow no faith at all. Have your rights been violated? If you face retaliation over protected speech, or if you are a college student or faculty member whose First Amendment rights may have been violated on campus, reach out to FIRE to learn more about how we can protect your rights. Submit a Case Defending Your Rights FIRE defends and sustains the individual rights of all Americans to free speech and free thought — the essential qualities of liberty — and carries out this mission through several core services. Individual Rights Advocacy Helping You FIRE’s signature, core defense program provides free, non-legal assistance to individuals whose fundamental civil liberties are violated. Legal Support In the Courts FIRE strategically litigates in courts nationwide to vindicate the First Amendment and due process rights of everyday Americans. Reforming College Policies Fixing Higher Ed FIRE’s College Policy Reform team works to proactively and systematically challenge campus policies that violate the free speech rights of students and faculty. Legislative Policy Reform Changing Laws FIRE defends your individual rights at the state and federal level by advocating for rights-protective legislation and against bills that would abridge those rights. Support the Fight for Free Speech Get Involved Help us build a new free speech movement and promote a strong culture of free speech by supporting FIRE with a donation today. Please join us in this important work! Donate to FIRE Become a Free Speech Insider! Subscribe to receive emails and texts about FIRE's work and upcoming events. Email © 2025 Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression P.O. Box 40128 Philadelphia, PA 19106 fire@fire.org 215-717-FIRE About Us Contact Us Careers Submit a Case Privacy Statement Terms and Conditions Facebook Twitter Instagram Bluesky YouTube TikTok Donate Share Share this selection on Twitter Share this selection via email