Famous People in the World - Lists of Trending Celebrities in 2025, Ratings & Bios The Famous People Lists Profession Born Today Quiz Birthdays Feedback T F P Advanced Search Lists This Day In History Profession Quiz Time Born Today Died Today Quotes Recent Social Media Influencers 213.4K Votes YouTubers 144K Votes TikTok Stars 70.5K Votes Instagram Stars 20.9K Votes Gamers Capricorn Celebrities Oli London Birthday: January 14, 1990 Oli London British internet star Oli London made headlines when he went through multiple plastic surgery procedures. Born a white man, he initially underwent surgeries to look like BTS member Jimin and then like Rosé from the girl band Blackpink . After living as a woman for 6 months, he transitioned back to a man. Oli London Biography Neeraj Chopra Birthday: December 24, 1997 Neeraj Chopra Indian javelin sensation Neeraj Chopra created history by becoming the second Indian individual Olympic gold medalist and the first from the track-and-field category. Once an obese kid, he took up sports to lose weight. Now a glamor icon, too, he has bagged several modeling offers and a Vogue cover, too. Neeraj Chopra Biography Born in December Yuzuru Hanyu Birthday: December 7, 1994 Yuzuru Hanyu Yuzuru Hanyu is a Japanese figure skater. Considered one of the greatest male figure skaters of all time, Hanyu became only the second figure skaters ever to receive two successive Olympic gold medals; he achieved this feat in 2014 and 2018. He also won the 2020 Four Continents Championships, becoming the only male singles skater to accomplish a Super Slam. Yuzuru Hanyu Biography Billie Eilish Birthday: December 18, 2001 Billie Eilish A young singer and songwriter who rose to international fame while still in her teens, Billie Eilish is blessed with a soprano vocal range and an ethereal voice. Already the recipient of numerous accolades, including five Grammy awards, she was named in Time magazine’s  inaugural "Time 100 Next" list in 2019. Billie Eilish Biography Don't Miss Celebrities Who Are Openly Proud About Being Gay Princeton University Notable Alumni Physicists Who Revolutionized Our Understanding of The World Famous Australian TV Presenters Top Female Pop Singers What's Buzzing? The Greatest Mathematicians In History Famous People Who Were Assassinated Celebrities You Didn't Know Were From Indiana Celebs Who Committed Suicide The Greatest  Philosophers Who Ever Lived Most Voted Celebs 1579 Votes Eminem One of the Most Influential and Popular Rappers of All Time 130 Votes Damon Wayans 220 Votes Charlie Sheen 1128 Votes Beyonce Knowles 178 Votes Hannah Selleck Trending Faces 47 Votes Amy Reimann Wife of Dale Earnhardt Jr 275 Votes Beatrice McCartney 16 Votes Laura Hopper 71 Votes Alexis Ohanian 20 Votes Fatima Whitbread Born Today Anthony Hopkins Film & Theater Personalities Anthony Hopkins Highly renowned Welsh actor, Anthony Hopkins is best known for his portrayal of a cannibalistic serial killer in the movie The Silence of the Lambs . The portrayal earned him prestigious awards and also a place in the list of best villains of all time. Other notable films of the celebrated character actor include Remains of the Day , Nixon and Amistad . Anthony Hopkins Biography John Denver Singers John Denver John Denver was one of the highest-selling and most popular singers during the 1970s. He was known for folk, pop and country music. Some of his greatest songs are Take Me Home Country Roads , Leaving on a Jet Plane , Rocky Mountain High , Sunshine on My Shoulders and Annie's Song . He died when a plane he was piloting crashed in California. John Denver Biography Alex Ferguson Alex Ferguson Alex Ferguson is known for his 26-year tenure as the manager of the football club Manchester United , from 1986 to 2013. He won 38 trophies with the club, including 13 Premier League titles. The first English Football Hall of Fame inductee, Ferguson has also received the knighthood . Alex Ferguson Biography Ben Kingsley Film & Theater Personalities Ben Kingsley Ben Kingsley is one of the most respected and decorated English actors of his generation. In a career spanning more than 50 years, Kingsley has played iconic characters in popular films, such as Gandhi . In 2002, he was appointed Knight Bachelor for services to the film industry. Ben Kingsley Biography Died Today Betty White Film & Theater Personalities Betty White Betty White, American actress and comedian, is considered as the pioneer of television and has had the longest television career of any entertainer, straddling more than 80 years. She’s known for her award-winning performances in shows like The Mary Tyler Moore Show , The Golden Girls and Hot in Cleveland . Betty White Biography Ricky Nelson Singers Ricky Nelson Ricky Nelson was an American pop pioneer, rock & roll star, and singer-songwriter. After establishing himself as a top teen idol during the 1950s, Ricky Nelson went on to release several chartbusting songs. He achieved great popularity and was ranked 91st on Rolling Stone magazine's 100 Greatest Artists of All Time list. Ricky Nelson Biography Natalie Cole Singers Natalie Cole R&B and pop singer Natalie Cole, daughter of jazz pianist and singer Nat King Cole, is known for hits such as Inseparable and her cover of Pink Cadillac . The nine-time Grammy -winning artist soared to fame with the album Unforgettable... with Love , which sold more than 7 million copies. Natalie Cole Biography Roberto Clemente Sportspersons Roberto Clemente Roberto Clemente was a Puerto Rican baseball player who represented the Pittsburgh Pirates in Major League Baseball (MLB). Apart from being a popular player, Clemente was also a great humanitarian whose impact is still being felt in MLB. Since his untimely death at the age of 38, Clemente has been the subject of several documentaries, articles, and books. Roberto Clemente Biography Quiz Time Identify Footballers By Tattoos Identify These Football Legends Identify Singers By Childhood Pics Can You Identify These World Leaders? Popular Lists 200.6K Votes Actors 165.8K Votes Actresses 122.2K Votes Political Leaders 83.2K Votes Football Players 81.4K Votes Figure Skaters 77.9K Votes Playwrights 69.1K Votes Rappers 60.8K Votes Pop Singers 47.1K Votes Poets 44.3K Votes Basketball Players 41.6K Votes Novelists 41.3K Votes American Football Players 38.8K Votes Directors 38K Votes Emperors & Kings 34.8K Votes Presidents 32.4K Votes Physicists 31.2K Votes Journalists 28.4K Votes Models 27.9K Votes Composers 24.7K Votes T V & Movie Producers 24.2K Votes Vloggers 23.5K Votes Screenwriters 23.4K Votes Comedians 23.2K Votes Educators 23.2K Votes Mathematicians 22.9K Votes Artists 22.7K Votes Philosophers 20.9K Votes Gamers Grouping Of People | Recent This Day In History | SITE MAP | Cookie Policy | PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | ABOUT US | JOBS © Famous People All Rights Reserved