The Gospel Coalition (TGC) | × Browse AI Christian Benchmark Featured Essay The Love of God An essay by Sam Storms Read Now Trending Prayer Faithfulness of God Saving Grace Adoption by God Most Popular Repentance Gender Identity Trusting God The Holiness of God See All Essays TGCW26 Kidd and Taylor Evangelical History Melissa Kruger Wit’s End Ray Ortlund Christ is Deeper Still Erik Raymond Ordinary Pastor Scotty Smith Heavenward Justin Taylor Between Two Worlds Trevin Wax Kingdom People Cohorts Articles Best Commentaries Featured Essay Resurrection of Jesus An essay by Benjamin Shaw Read Now Trending Death of Christ Prayer Resurrection of Jesus Church and State Most Popular Sovereignty of God Repentance Faith and Works The Holiness of God See All Essays Commentary Featured Essay Resurrection of Jesus An essay by Benjamin Shaw Read Now Trending Death of Christ Prayer Resurrection of Jesus Church and State Most Popular Sovereignty of God Repentance Faith and Works The Holiness of God See All Essays Conference Media Courses Essays The Carson Center The Keller Center New City Catechism Newsletters Podcasts Publications Read the Bible Store TGC Pastors Women's Initiatives Themelios Videos Kidd and Taylor Evangelical History Melissa Kruger Wit’s End Ray Ortlund Christ is Deeper Still Erik Raymond Ordinary Pastor Scotty Smith Heavenward Justin Taylor Between Two Worlds Trevin Wax Kingdom People TGC Collective Kidd and Taylor Evangelical History Melissa Kruger Wit’s End Ray Ortlund Christ is Deeper Still Erik Raymond Ordinary Pastor Scotty Smith Heavenward Justin Taylor Between Two Worlds Trevin Wax Kingdom People TGC Store Kidd and Taylor Evangelical History Melissa Kruger Wit’s End Ray Ortlund Christ is Deeper Still Erik Raymond Ordinary Pastor Scotty Smith Heavenward Justin Taylor Between Two Worlds Trevin Wax Kingdom People Blogs Kidd and Taylor Evangelical History Melissa Kruger Wit’s End Ray Ortlund Christ is Deeper Still Erik Raymond Ordinary Pastor Scotty Smith Heavenward Justin Taylor Between Two Worlds Trevin Wax Kingdom People Filter By Scripture Topics Sections Authors Series Explore U.S. Edition Editions × Africa عربي Australia Brasil Canada 正體中文 简体中文 Español Français India Italia 한국어 Nederlands Norden Shqip Русский Slovenský Українська United States Browse Editorial Articles Blogs Read the Bible Courses Commentary Essays New City Catechism Publications Reviews Series Themelios Videos Arts & Culture Bible & Theology Christian Living Current Events Faith & Work The Carson Center The Keller Center Ministry Podcasts Gospelbound Recorded TGC Podcast The Carson Center Podcast The Deep Dish The Everyday Pastor As In Heaven Churches Planting Churches Glo Help Me Teach The Bible Let's Talk Post-Christianity? TGC Q&A Word Of The Week You're Not Crazy Events TGCW26 Past Conference Media Cohorts About Us Foundation Documents Council Staff Authors Contact Us The Carson Center The Keller Center Store Careers TGC Collective (Monthly Giving) Advertise With Us Regional Chapters Church Directory Global Resourcing Job Board Give to TGC To All The World × The world is a confusing place right now. We believe that faithful proclamation of the gospel is what our hostile and disoriented world needs. Do you believe that too? Help TGC bring biblical wisdom to the confusing issues across the world by making a gift to our international work. Learn More U.S. Edition Editions × Africa عربي Australia Brasil Canada 正體中文 简体中文 Español Français India Italia 한국어 Nederlands Norden Shqip Русский Slovenský Українська United States The gospel for all of life New Year’s Goal-Setting for People with Actual Lives What we need isn’t a better to-do list but a better grid for making wise decisions across every domain of life. Joe Carter Why Women Are Going to Therapy Instead of Church Laura Kleinschmidt Work and the Meaning of Life Collin Hansen • David L. Bahnsen Why Women Are Going to Therapy Instead of Church Laura Kleinschmidt Work and the Meaning of Life Collin Hansen • David L. Bahnsen What I Learned from a Year with Lesslie Newbigin Stephen Stallard Around The Web 1 Do You Have a Plan to Read the Bible in 2026? (Here’s an Option!) Brett Landry 2 A Tribute to Tim Keller and his “Tapes” Marcia Peiffer 3 How (and How Not) to Think About Spiritual Habits in the New Year Matthew Bingham 4 The Importance of Humility for Future Pastors Marcelo Santana 5 A Moving Picture of the Gospel Tim Challies Show Up with Real-Time Theology for Our Rapidly Changing World Andrew Hoffman What I Learned from a Year with Lesslie Newbigin Stephen Stallard Show Up with Real-Time Theology for Our Rapidly Changing World Andrew Hoffman 5 Ways to Honor an Aging Loved One (Even When It’s Hard) Beth Ipock I’ve told many people that caring for an aging loved one is the most difficult thing I’ve ever done. My Favorite Movies of 2025 Brett McCracken Brett McCracken lists his favorite movies and documentaries of 2025—bright spots in an otherwise dark cinematic landscape. How Hebrews Opens Up Psalm 110 Dennis E. Johnson Psalm 110:1 and 4 announce the future reunion of the priestly and royal offices for the people of God. The Year of Nicea: 6 Books in 2025 Andrew Spencer It’s fitting that in recent years, a number of books have drawn evangelicals back to the creeds. Here are six volumes that will serve readers well. Featured Podcast Subscribe Newsletter Apple Spotify Stitcher RSS Latest Episode Work and the Meaning of Life David Bahnsen joins Collin Hansen to discuss work and the meaning of life. David Bahnsen joins Collin Hansen to discuss work and the meaning of life. Watch on YouTube Listen Now Advertise on TGC Editors' Picks The Gospel Coalition 2025 Book Awards Staff The Gospel Coalition selects the best Christian books published in 2025 in our annual TGC Book Awards. My Top 10 Theology Stories of 2025 Collin Hansen My Generation Loves ‘Processing.’ That’s Not Always a Good Thing. Taylor Combs Jesus Among the à la Carte Spiritualities Thomas West AI Christian Benchmark Around The Web 1 Do You Have a Plan to Read the Bible in 2026? (Here’s an Option!) Brett Landry 2 A Tribute to Tim Keller and his “Tapes” Marcia Peiffer 3 How (and How Not) to Think About Spiritual Habits in the New Year Matthew Bingham 4 The Importance of Humility for Future Pastors Marcelo Santana 5 A Moving Picture of the Gospel Tim Challies Now Trending 1 My Favorite Movies of 2025 Brett McCracken 2 ‘David’ Is the Best Animated Bible Movie Since ‘Prince of Egypt’ Brett McCracken 3 2 Corrupted Christianities in ‘Wake Up Dead Man’ Brett McCracken 4 My Favorite Bible in a Year Reading Plan Melissa Kruger 5 Editor’s Pick: 6 Books on Biblical Theology Andrew Spencer Advertise on TGC Most Read My Top 10 Theology Stories of 2025 Collin Hansen Collin Hansen reviews 2025 and wonders what’s next with the advent of metamodernism. Don’t Be Duped by This Year’s Biggest Religious Trend Missy Speir What Wicca’s Origins Teach Us About Christian Nationalism Joe Carter The Gospel Coalition 2025 Book Awards Staff Why I Changed My Mind on Mixed Martial Arts Sean DeMars My Favorite Reads of 2025 Trevin Wax Best Christian Music of 2025 Brett McCracken Book Reviews More The Year of Nicea: 6 Books in 2025 Andrew Spencer Editor’s Pick: 6 Books on Biblical Theology Andrew Spencer Can Science Point Us to God? A French Bestseller Makes the Case. Patrick Reeder Young Men Need More than Pragmatic Advice Seth Troutt Search Our Resources Trending Abuse Resurrection of Christ Racial Unity Justification Abortion Sexual Identity War Church Unity Bible Featured Resource The Role of the Elder, Bishop, and Pastor An Essay By Jonathan Griffiths Read Now Podcasts More Subscribe Newsletter Apple Spotify Stitcher RSS Latest Episodes Work and the Meaning of Life Collin Hansen • David L. Bahnsen Listen Now Top Theology Stories of 2025 Collin Hansen • Melissa Kruger Listen Now Why We Should Recover Cultural Apologetics Collin Hansen • Chris Watkin • Joshua Chatraw Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Can You Rely on AI for Theology? Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra • Michael Graham • Gavin Ortlund • Keith Plummer Listen Now The Fatherless Epidemic: Raising Up Men in Urban America Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra Listen Now No Chance of Survival: How a Deadly Plane Crash Yielded a Growing Spiritual Harvest Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes He Who Sits on the Throne: Unveiling God’s Sovereignty (Revelation 4) Don Carson Listen Now The Function and Usefulness of Apocalyptic Preaching Don Carson Listen Now Unveiling the Heart of Apocalyptic Preaching Don Carson Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Siblings, Young and Old Jen Wilkin • Melissa Kruger • Courtney Doctor Listen Now The Bible Is for You Courtney Doctor • Melissa Kruger • Amanda Bible Williams • Raechel Myers Listen Now BONUS: Preparing for a Holiday That Will Disappoint Melissa Kruger • Courtney Doctor Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Giving and Budgeting (with Jamie Dunlop) Ligon Duncan • Matt Smethurst • Jamie Dunlop Listen Now How to Stay Sharp as a Pastor Matt Smethurst • Ligon Duncan Listen Now Preparing Believers to Suffer Matt Smethurst • Ligon Duncan Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify Stitcher RSS Latest Episodes 52 Weeks in the Word Trillia Newbell Listen Now Reflecting on 20 Years of God’s Faithfulness Ligon Duncan • Nancy Guthrie • Collin Hansen • Juan Sánchez • Mark Vroegop Listen Now How to Speak Jesus to Your Friends Sam Chan Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Trevin Wax on Reconstructing Faith Jim Davis • Michael Graham • Trevin Wax Listen Now How to Be a Missional and Confessional Church That Motivates People for Faithful Ministry Jim Davis • Michael Aitcheson • Irwyn Ince Listen Now How to Faithfully Engage the Dechurched Movement as a Church in Exile Jim Davis • Michael Graham • Jake Meador Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Examining the Current and Future State of the Global Church Blair Linne • Aixa de López • Sharon Dickens • Soojin Park Listen Now Supporting Mental Health with Dignity and Grace Blair Linne • Aixa de López • Sharon Dickens • Soojin Park Listen Now Exploring the Intersection of Christianity and the Arts Blair Linne • Aixa de López • Sharon Dickens • Soojin Park Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Welcome and Witness: How to Reach Out in a Secular Age Glen Scrivener • Andrew Wilson • Rebecca McLaughlin Listen Now Faith and Fruitfulness: How to Thrive in Our Cultural Moment Glen Scrivener • Andrew Wilson Listen Now Selves and Psychologies: The Rise of the Post-Christian Self Glen Scrivener • Andrew Wilson • Carl Trueman Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify Stitcher RSS Latest Episodes Faith & Work: How Do I Glorify God Even When My Work Seems Meaningless? Greg Phelan Listen Now Faith & Work: How Should We Think Biblically About End-of-Life Care? Bill Davis Listen Now Faith & Work: How Can We Include the Poor in the Conversation? Brian Fikkert • Robby Holt Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Let’s Talk Reunion: The Blessings of Bible Study with Friends Melissa Kruger • Jackie Hill Perry • Jasmine Holmes Listen Now Let’s Talk (Live): Growing in Gratitude Melissa Kruger • Jasmine Holmes • Jackie Hill Perry Listen Now Let’s Talk: Your Questions, Answered! Jackie Hill Perry • Jasmine Holmes • Melissa Kruger Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Getting Rid of Your Fear of the Book of Revelation Nancy Guthrie Listen Now Putting Passion and Personality into Your Teaching Nancy Guthrie Listen Now Putting Together a Christ-Centered Bible Talk Nancy Guthrie Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places: A Sermon from Julius Kim Julius Kim Listen Now When Dry Riverbeds Flow Again (Psalm 126) Bernard N. Howard Listen Now I Can’t Breathe: A Sermon by Charlie Dates Charlie Dates Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Character over Achievement: Gospel Culture with Paul Tripp Sam Allberry • Ray Ortlund • Paul Tripp Listen Now Why Pastors Need Accountability (with Paul Tripp) Sam Allberry • Ray Ortlund • Paul Tripp Listen Now Dry Seasons, Imposter Syndrome, and Reawakening: Season 4 Q&A with Sam and Ray Ray Ortlund • Sam Allberry Listen Now Subscribe Apple Spotify RSS Latest Episodes Introducing The Acts 29 Podcast J. A. Medders Listen Now Church Planting and Cultural Engagement Tony Merida • Daniel Strange Listen Now Church-Planting Momentum in Japan Tony Merida • Adam Ramsey Listen Now Newsletters Get TGC delivered to your inbox! Book Reviews Which books are must-reads? Which should be avoided? Let us do the hard work for you. Sign up for an essential monthly roundup of book reviews by trusted voices. Pastor's Weekly A collection of resources designed to equip and encourage you as you guide your church through today’s rough waters. TGC Daily Stay up to date. Every weekday, get a recap of the latest articles, podcasts, videos, and trending content from TGC.org. TGC Weekly Only have time for the best-of-the-best from TGC? This weekly email includes an editor’s pick for the one newly published resource you shouldn’t miss, as well as a list of the six most popular pieces of content from the week. Sign up to stay in the loop! TGC Women Sign up to receive a monthly update on essential articles, videos, and links for women seeking to be grounded in Scripture. Subscribe Featured Podcast Subscribe Newsletter Apple Spotify Stitcher RSS Latest Episode Top Theology Stories of 2025 Collin Hansen and Melissa Kruger look back on the top theology stories of 2025 and discuss the year to come, including some new projects. Join Collin Hansen and Melissa Kruger for their annual discussion as they look back on the top theology stories of 2025 and look towards the year to come. They also share their favorite interviews and books from 2025, updates on personal projects, and what they’re each looking forward to in life and ministry in 2026. Watch on YouTube Listen Now Videos More Work and the Meaning of Life Collin Hansen • David L. Bahnsen David Bahnsen joins Collin Hansen to discuss work and the meaning of life. 52 Weeks in the Word Trillia Newbell This talk from TGCW24 by Trillia Newbell explores the what, when, where, and how of Bible reading to help you cultivate delight in God’s Word. Reflecting on 20 Years of God’s Faithfulness Ligon Duncan • Nancy Guthrie • Collin Hansen • Juan Sánchez • Mark Vroegop In this panel discussion recorded at TGC25, Mark Vroegop, Nancy Guthrie, Collin Hansen, Juan Sánchez, and Ligon Duncan talk about all God has done in and through TGC in the past 20 years. Siblings, Young and Old Jen Wilkin • Melissa Kruger • Courtney Doctor Courtney and Melissa talk with Jen Wilkin about how they each related to their siblings while growing up, how those relationships have changed over the years, and how to foster a healthy relationship with adult siblings. Top Theology Stories of 2025 Collin Hansen • Melissa Kruger Collin Hansen and Melissa Kruger look back on the top theology stories of 2025 and discuss the year to come, including some new projects. Advertise on TGC A devotional bible commentary in partnership with Join Us! Today’s Reading Today’s Bible Reading 2 Chronicles 35 • Revelation 21 • Malachi 3 • John 20 2 Chronicles 35; Revelation 21; Malachi 3; John 20 AT LAST WE REACH THE CLIMAX of redemption (Rev. 21). In his final vision, John sees “a new heaven and a... Read Now Join Us! The Latest Gospel Resources About the Nature of Sin Explore Work and the Meaning of Life Collin Hansen • David L. Bahnsen David Bahnsen joins Collin Hansen to discuss work and the meaning of life. Why Women Are Going to Therapy Instead of Church Laura Kleinschmidt Church members are increasingly looking only to therapists to help them with emotional and relational struggles because they don’t consider those problems to be related to their spiritual lives. New Year’s Goal-Setting for People with Actual Lives Joe Carter What we need isn’t a better to-do list but a better grid for making wise decisions across every domain of life. 5 Ways to Honor an Aging Loved One (Even When It’s Hard) Beth Ipock I’ve told many people that caring for an aging loved one is the most difficult thing I’ve ever done. What I Learned from a Year with Lesslie Newbigin Stephen Stallard Newbigin believed revival was possible but that it would only come through a razor-sharp focus on the gospel. This is why the local church is crucial. Show Up with Real-Time Theology for Our Rapidly Changing World Andrew Hoffman Connect the dots between a more expansive view of God’s redemptive activity in history and the issue at hand. My Favorite Movies of 2025 Brett McCracken Brett McCracken lists his favorite movies and documentaries of 2025—bright spots in an otherwise dark cinematic landscape. Loading More Articles Advertise on TGC Sections More Arts & Culture My Favorite Movies of 2025 Brett McCracken Free Christmas Playlist (and Other Music Recommendations) Brett McCracken Best Christian Music of 2025 Brett McCracken Bible & Theology The Year of Nicea: 6 Books in 2025 Andrew Spencer How Hebrews Opens Up Psalm 110 Dennis E. Johnson Editor’s Pick: 6 Books on Biblical Theology Andrew Spencer Christian Living New Year’s Goal-Setting for People with Actual Lives Joe Carter 5 Ways to Honor an Aging Loved One (Even When It’s Hard) Beth Ipock This Christmas, Know the Promise of Christ’s Presence Megan Hill Current Affairs Young Men Need More than Pragmatic Advice Seth Troutt Not a New Communion: Anglican Reformers Are Always Called Schismatic Paul Donison Editor’s Choice: The Best of 2025 Collin Hansen Faith & Work Resist the Peer Pressure of a Secular Job Miranda Carls Generative AI, Africa, and the Gospel Joshua Baru How to Pursue Justice for Jesus Christina Crenshaw The Keller Center Work and the Meaning of Life Collin Hansen • David L. Bahnsen How the West Became Pagan—Again Derek Rishmawy Top Theology Stories of 2025 Collin Hansen • Melissa Kruger Ministry Why Women Are Going to Therapy Instead of Church Laura Kleinschmidt What I Learned from a Year with Lesslie Newbigin Stephen Stallard Show Up with Real-Time Theology for Our Rapidly Changing World Andrew Hoffman Reviews The Year of Nicea: 6 Books in 2025 Andrew Spencer Editor’s Pick: 6 Books on Biblical Theology Andrew Spencer Can Science Point Us to God? A French Bestseller Makes the Case. Patrick Reeder The Carson Center How Hebrews Opens Up Psalm 110 Dennis E. Johnson Why Is the Son Called ‘Everlasting Father’? J. Nicholas Reid Themelios 50.3 Brian Tabb • J. V. Fesko The New City Catechism Question 1 What Is Our Only Hope in Life and Death? See Answer Series More Remembering Tim Keller various Good Faith Debates various TGC Talks various One Minute Apologetics various Movie Reviews various Gospel Shaped Worship Jared C. Wilson On My Shelf various The FAQs various How to Help Our Neighbors Meet Jesus various Difficult but Beautiful Doctrines various The Gospel Coalition’s mission is to help renew and unify the contemporary church in the ancient gospel. The Gospel Coalition PO Box #1637 Columbia, MO 65205 Learn More Email Updates careers privacy policy permissions store donate Copyright © 2025 The Gospel Coalition, INC. All Rights Reserved Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases on Amazon.com. Learn more . careers privacy policy permissions store donate Copyright © 2025 The Gospel Coalition, INC. All Rights Reserved Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases on Amazon.com. Learn more .