Home - International Council on Clean Transportation Donate Press Room About About the ICCT Our Approach Vision 2050 Board of Directors Staff Locations Equity at the ICCT Financials Careers Publications Short Reads Staff Blog Market Spotlight Data Explorer Regions & Transport Regions Brazil China Europe India Mexico United States & Canada Africa & Middle East Asia & Pacific Latin America Global Cities Transport Light vehicles Heavy vehicles Aviation Maritime shipping Fuels Freight Off-road Resource Library Events Explainers Charts & Visualizations Videos Tools for Policy & Research Browse by Topic Partnerships Donate Press room About Our Approach Vision 2050 Board of Directors Staff Locations Equity at the ICCT Financials Careers Search Search for: Unwrapping the package: A review of the European Commission’s CO 2 standards proposal POLICY BRIEF | EUROPE Policy sequencing for electric vehicle charging infrastructure deployment ZEVTC PUBLICATION | GLOBAL FLAGSHIP PUBLICATION European vehicle market statistics 2025/26 REPORT | EUROPE Estimating incremental technology cost and retail price for a light-duty vehicle fuel consumption standard in Colombia TECHNICAL BRIEF | LATIN AMERICA Stay connected Subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive updates, industry insights, and exciting news. We’re hiring Join us to deliver impactful research and technical analysis that shapes global policies. Engage Explore our upcoming conferences, webinars and other events, including event recordings available for view. The ICCT is an independent, nonprofit research organization founded to provide exceptional, objective, timely research and technical and scientific analysis to environmental regulators. Our work empowers policymakers and others worldwide to improve the environmental performance of road, marine, and air transportation to benefit public health and mitigate climate change. Explainers, tools & resources VISUALIZATIONS ELECTRIC VEHICLES POLICY EXPERTS Recently published Technical Brief Shore power in California: Impact on statewide grid and public health benefits December 22, 2025 Research Brief CO2 emissions from new passenger cars in Europe: Car manufacturers’ performance in 2024 December 19, 2025 Market Spotlight Electric vehicle market in Indonesia December 19, 2025 Policy Brief Unwrapping the package: A review of the European Commission’s CO2 standards proposal December 18, 2025 ZEVTC publication Policy sequencing for electric vehicle charging infrastructure deployment December 16, 2025 Report Driving with cleaner engines: The evolution of diesel heavy-duty vehicles in China 2014–2024 December 16, 2025 Technical Brief Estimating incremental technology cost and retail price for a light-duty vehicle fuel consumption standard in Colombia December 15, 2025 Market Spotlight Race to zero: European heavy-duty vehicle market development quarterly (January–September 2025) December 14, 2025 Staff blog A sneak peek at the 2025 global electric two-wheeler market December 23, 2025 A lump of coal in the Christmas stocking: Renewable fuels in the car CO2 standards December 18, 2025 Smart policy for smart charging: The Electrification Action Plan is an opportunity to increase flexibility and boost smart charging at homes, workplaces, and depots December 18, 2025 GLOBAL EXPERTS, GLOBAL REACH The ICCT employs professionals, working hybrid and remotely, in Beijing, Berlin, New Delhi, São Paulo, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C. offices, including fully remote staff in Indonesia, Colombia, Vietnam and Mexico. Our engineers, chemists, biologists, physicists, communicators, economists, and operationalists working side-by-side with policy makers to provide relevant, rigorous, unbiased research and technical and scientific analysis to government officials internationally. Support from foundations and governments drives that work. We thank our recent funders, including: Aspen Global Change Institute Clean Air Fund Climate Imperative Foundation ClimateWorks Foundation The David and Lucile Packard Foundation Energy Foundation European Climate Foundation FIA Foundation Heising-Simons Foundation Oceankind Pisces Foundation Quadrature Climate Foundation Robertson Foundation Sequoia Climate Mercator Foundation Blue Horizons Fund United Nations Environment Programme The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation BEIJING | BERLIN | NEW DELHI | SAN FRANCISCO | SÃO PAULO | WASHINGTON, DC Join our mailing list to keep up with ICCT’s latest research and analysis. Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Bluesky Contact Us © 2025 International Council on Clean Transportation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy / Legal / Sitemap / Web Development by Boxcar Studio We use cookies to improve site functionality and make this website more useful to visitors. Find out more . Accept Reject Settings Privacy Overview Essential Cookies Analytics Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to enable some basic functionality and also to help us understand how visitors use the site, so that we can improve it. Essential Cookies Essential cookies provide basic core functionality, such as saving user preferences. You can disable these cookies in your browser settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Analytics We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about how visitors interact with this website and the information we provide here, so that we can improve both over the long run. For more on how we use this information please see our privacy policy. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Reject All Accept and Save Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance