The Infatuation let us help you make a decision The Top-Rated New Restaurants Of 2025 The Best New Pizza In America Freaky Caesars & More Restaurant Trends You’ll See In 2026 Infatuation’s Dessert Bucket List Where To Eat On Your Next Vacation Where To Eat In Edinburgh Sweeping views, sensational bakeries, Nordic-inspired fine dining, and lots more. The Best Restaurants In Nassau, Bahamas Welcome to the world of beaches, conch salad, and hit-or-miss resort restaurants. The Best Restaurants In Prague You may have come to the Czech capital for Baroque buildings and beer. But the dining scene is the sleeper hit. The Best Restaurants In Paris 26 of the best bistros, tasting menus, crêperies, and sandwich spots in the City of Light. The Best Restaurants In Toronto Where to get great Vietnamese, Jamaican, Korean BBQ, and more in Canada's biggest city. New York Red Meat Is Out, Chicken Is In, & More NYC Restaurant Trends You’ll See In 2026 Dinner’s at midnight. Don’t be early. Where To Get Sufganiyot In NYC The best traditional jelly-filled and experimental sufganiyot in NYC. 15 Restaurants To Make You Fall In Love With New York Again Sometimes, NYC sucks. But these restaurants remind us why we live here anyway. Where To Get A Christmas Dinner (Or Lunch) In NYC The best restaurants for a Christmas get-together with friends, family, and colleagues. 7.9 Wolfgang's Steakhouse Steakhouse Midtown Wolfgang’s does a great impression of Peter Luger, and the original Park Avenue location is the best of the bunch. Los Angeles Sidewalk Hangs, Casual Steaks, & More LA Restaurant Trends You’ll See In 2026 From an international chain boom to mini tasting menus, here’s what we foresee for LA restaurants next year The Best Pozole In LA The time has come for some hominy-filled comfort. 18 LA Restaurants For People Who Hate Planning Our favorite spots for a spontaneous dinner—no reservations required, walk-ins welcome. The Best Smoothies In LA, Ranked By Price Welcome to the weird and wonderful world of LA’s smoothies. 8.3 Kojima Japanese Sawtelle Kojima is an intimate kappo-style restaurant in Sawtelle where a Tokyo chef whips up a different stellar omakase every night. Miami Glamstaurants, Parent Scenes, & More Miami Restaurant Trends You’ll See In 2026 Infatuation Miami’s crystal ball. The South Florida Dive Bar Directory Light a cigarette, pull up a stool, and bring cash. 12 Great Restaurants Open On Christmas Eve & Christmas Day Give Santa some privacy and get out of the house this Christmas. Where To Drink Atol De Elote In Miami It’s thick, hot, and cornier than a promposal. 8.8 Soi Thai Street Food & Sake Bar Thai Sweetwater Soi Thai has the best Thai street food in Miami. Chicago Hot Restaurants With Old Souls & More Trends You’ll See In 2026 Here's what we've noticed around Chicago lately. 23 Great Restaurants That Are Open On Mondays Where to eat on Monday night when lots of restaurants are taking the day off. The Best Places For Soup In Chicago 27 Chicago restaurants where you’ll find some great soup. Chicago’s Best New Dishes Of 2025 Our 11 favorite dishes from 2025. 8.5 Sepia American West Loop After two decades, this New American restaurant in the West Loop still makes fine dining fun. London Pintxos, Partying, & More London Restaurant Trends For 2026 A look into The Infatuation crystal ball. 15 London Restaurants For When You Want To Get *Cosy* Candlelight, open fires, and deeply comforting food that will help you survive the bad news you just received from your weather app. Where To Go When You Want To Get Dressed Up 17 spots where you’re never going to feel overdressed. The Best Restaurants In Bristol Your Bristol itinerary isn’t complete without these sceney Chandos Road spots, sexy little wine bars, harbourside hangouts, and a bakery worthy of a GWR train journey. 8.2 Sino Ukrainian Notting Hill Sino is a Ukrainian restaurant in Notting Hill that will serve you great food and lower your cortisol levels. Atlanta The Return To Late Night & Other Atlanta Restaurant Trends You’ll See In 2026 The Infatuation crystal ball. 14 Fun & Festive Pop-Up Bars In Atlanta There’s lots of seasonal sipping and merry munching to get into. Where To Make Friends When Atlanta Feels Lonely If the closest thing you’ve had to a real conversation was a light exchange with the Atlanta waterboys, then try these restaurants to make new friends. The 6 Best Things To Eat At State Farm Arena We hit every food stall in the Hawks stadium. And these are our six favorites. 8.7 Chef’s House Peking Duck Chinese Cantonese Duluth Ideal for special occasions and impressing out-of-town guests, Chef’s House Peking Duck is a beautiful restaurant with great duck, carved tableside. Company About Us Careers Experiences Travel Information Newsletter Contact Us Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Online Tracking Opt Out Guide Cookie Settings 2025 © The Infatuation Inc. All Rights Reserved. The views and opinions expressed on The Infatuation’s site and other platforms are those of the authors and do not reflect the official policy or position of (or endorsement by) JPMorgan Chase. The Infatuation and its affiliates assume no responsibility or liability for the content of this site, or any errors or omissions. The Information contained in this site is provided on an "as is" basis with no guarantees of completeness, accuracy, usefulness or timeliness. FIND PLACES ON OUR APP