The Long Game Behind Waymo’s Potential $100 Billion Valuation
Save 25% and read more

The Information
Sign in
Subscribe
Pro
menu
Org Charts
Tech
Finance
Weekend
Events
TITV
Community
menu
More
menu

Harness AI

Learn more
Featured Partner
Latest
Most popular
True Value
The Long Game Behind Waymo’s Potential $100 Billion Valuation

Can Waymo justify a $100 billion valuation? That’s a question investors will answer as Alphabet’s autonomous ride-hailing company discusses raising funding at a valuation that amounts to 280 times its annualized revenue—many times higher than other ride-hailing companies. Waymo’s rapid expansion in recent months—despite some hiccups such as a service suspension during a San Francisco blackout—suggests it can grow into that valuation. Revenue should rise as it adds riders and...

By Anita Ramaswamy
8:59am PST
4
10 Charts That Explain 2025
By Shane Burke and The Information Staff
Dec 29, 2025
4
Sunday Insights
OpenAI, Meta and Their AI Rivals Ramp Up Turf Wars and Partnerships, in Three Charts
By Amir Efrati
Dec 28, 2025
3
The Briefing
Meta, SoftBank and Nvidia Splurge on Holiday AI Deals
By Martin Peers5:00pm PST
Applied AI
Applied AI: Microsoft Offers Training Funds for Copilot AI Customers
By Aaron Holmes11:29am PST
Meta Acquires Manus AI Agent
The Singapore-based company was one of the pioneers among startups that launched general-purpose AI agents earlier this year.
2:28pm PST
Nvidia Completes $5 billion Investment in Intel
The AI chip giant and Intel announced the investment in mid-September, as part of a joint effort to develop "custom data center and PC products."
1:08pm PST
AI Agenda
Why Groq’s IP Matters to Nvidia; AI Experts’ Favorite Books of the Year
By Rocket Drew, Stephanie Palazzolo and Miles Kruppa7:00am PST

We didn’t build a better AI.
We just built one with over a decade of The Information behind it.
Deep Research is here.Try it now with Pro.

Trump Family Crypto Firm Fires Auditor Whose License Expired
A crypto company that struck a partnership with the Trump family’s World Liberty Financial has fired an audit firm it hired weeks earlier.
9:50am PST
SoftBank to Buy Data Center Investor DigitalBridge for $4 Billion
DigitalBridge owns several data center subsidiaries that are involved in large data center developments globally, including an OpenAI and Oracle “Stargate” project in Wisconsin.
Dec 29, 2025
The Electric
The Electric: Rebranded as Defense Manufacturers, Next-Gen Battery Startups Are Finally Earning Revenue
By Steve LeVineDec 29, 2025
China Issues Draft Rules for Human-Like AI Services
Beijing’s move comes at a time when China is experiencing a rapid proliferation of AI products designed for consumers.
Dec 28, 2025
Nvidia Will Pay Groq Backers and Staff at Deal’s $20 Billion Valuation
Groq was valued at $6.9 billion recently, and staff and investors will mostly be paid out quickly.
Dec 28, 2025
Featured Newsletters
View all
Five times/week
The Briefing

Get smarter about the most important stories in tech, media and finance by following Silicon Valley’s most-read executive newsletter.

Two times/week
Applied AI

A new The Information franchise that will take you inside how businesses are using AI to automate all kinds of work.

Four times/week (subscribers only)
AI Agenda

Stay ahead of the innovation and disruption happening in AI. Stephanie Palazzolo covers the tech, startups, companies and people making headlines.

The Briefing
How Elon Musk’s Promises for Self-Driving, AI and Robots Clashed With Reality
By Theo Wayt
Dec 28, 2025
7
New Competition for Mag 7 Stocks
Overseas markets trounced U.S. indexes despite growth of giant tech stocks.
Dec 28, 2025
Washington Seeks to Boost Control of Power Grid
White House wants to boost AI while keeping electricity prices down.
Dec 28, 2025
The Weekend
What Nvidia’s Year-End Shocker Says About Next Year
By Abram BrownDec 27, 2025
JPMorgan Freezes Accounts for Risky Stablecoin Payments
The bank has frozen accounts for two startups doing business in Venezuela and other legally risky countries.
Dec 26, 2025

What happens when Silicon Valley logs off—the trends, people and companies shaping tech culture.

View all
The Best New Tech and Business Podcasts 2025
By Abram BrownDec 27, 2025
Books
20 Great Books to Read Over the Holidays 2025
By Abram BrownDec 26, 2025
Waymo Upgrades Fleet in Response to San Francisco Outage
The robotaxi firm says it is updating its software to give its cars more context about regional power issues.
Dec 24, 2025
The Best New Tech and Business Podcasts 2025
By Abram BrownDec 27, 2025
VC Partner Midha in Talks to Establish 1 Gigawatt Data Center Venture
Midha was formerly a general partner at Andreessen Horowitz, where he helped the VC firm secure GPUs for its startups.
Dec 24, 2025
Lists
The Best Video Games of 2025
By Simon Parkin
Dec 27, 2025
4
Subscriber Survey
Prediction Markets Win Attention, but Few Reader Bets
By Shane BurkeDec 26, 2025
Trending on forum
View all
OpenAI to acquire Anthropic
Alan Jacobson
Founder, Ceo
revenueModel.ai
Eight Women Speak Out
Brian Demsey
Founder
Hallucinations.cloud
Energy abundance is on its way in China and everywhere but the US
Tim O'Reilly
Founder & CEO
O'Reilly Media

Search our community Directory to engage with others who are serious about tech and business.

Books
20 Great Books to Read Over the Holidays 2025
By Abram BrownDec 26, 2025
Exclusive
Stablecoin Startups Spark Trouble for JPMorgan
By Michael Roddan and Yueqi YangDec 26, 2025
News Analysis
Why Nvidia Struck a $20 Billion Megadeal with Groq
By Wayne Ma, Miles Kruppa, Valida Pau and Katie Roof
Dec 24, 2025
10
The Briefing
What xAI’s Memphis Christmas Lights Tell Us About Data Centers in Space
By Theo WaytDec 24, 2025
The Information Finance
Predicting Prediction Markets Is a Tough Call
By Ken BrownDec 24, 2025
Read more
Recommended
Why Nvidia Struck a $20 Billion Megadeal with Groq
By Valida Pau, Katie Roof, Wayne Ma and Miles Kruppa
OpenAI’s Ads Push Starts Taking Shape
By Stephanie Palazzolo and Sri Muppidi
Stablecoin Startups Spark Trouble for JPMorgan
By Michael Roddan and Yueqi Yang
20 Great Books to Read Over the Holidays 2025
By Abram Brown
Why Our Story on Salesforce’s Declining Trust in LLMs Hit a Nerve
By Amir Efrati
Subscribe to The Briefing by Martin Peers, Jessica Lessin and the team at The Information

Get smarter about the most important stories in tech, media and finance by following Silicon Valley’s most-read executive newsletter.

Read The Briefing
Sign up
Latest in Pro
Subscriber Survey
Prediction Markets Win Attention, but Few Reader Bets
Dec 26, 2025
Deep Research
How OpenAI and Anthropic Are Navigating the Research-Product Divide
Dec 24, 2025
Community Commentary
Selland, Chris
Lecturer, Entrepreneurship & Innovation
D'amore-Mckim School Of Business At Northeastern University
on…
Microsoft’s Nadella Pressures Deputies to Accelerate Copilot Improvements
He's not wrong. Google is doing a nice job connecting Gemini to their various other cloud services like GSuite and Drive as well as new ones like NotebookLM. Microsoft's integration is improving but they have a lot of work to do.
Chris Daden
Chief Technology Officer
Criteria corp
on…
OpenAI Is Getting More Efficient at Running Its AI, Internal Financials Show
This is a positive sign for the industry - if these frontier AI giants can’t begin flipping from -90% margin to a healthy margin on inference it will slow down reinvestment for innovation and ultimately raise foundational costs for all of us down stream.
Josh Bersin
Industry analyst
The Josh Bersin Company
on…
Why xAI Has an Uphill Battle Selling Grok to Businesses
I would guess Grok’s biggest customers may be Tesla drivers who can use it for navigation and shopping.
About
Pro
Deep Research
Careers
TITV
Events
Brand Partnerships
Group Subscriptions
Subscribe to The Information
Get started
Already a subscriber? Sign in
X
Facebook
LinkedIn
Threads
Instagram
Terms
Privacy
Help & Support
© 2013–2025 The Information. All Rights Reserved.
Cookies Settings