Private neuropsychological services in London Call Us: 0207 467 8416 Find us on Social Media: Resources Contact Us Our Pricing Insurance Information Services All Services List Neuropsychological assessment Neurorehabilitation Acquired Brain Injury Neurological Conditions Bipolar, psychosis and depression ADHD Autism Spectrum Disorder Cognitive Behavioural Therapy Medicolegal assessments Long covid Functional Neurological Disorder Expert witness assessments Mental Capacity Assessments Speech and Language Therapy Occupational Therapy Group Therapy Neuro Physiotherapy Clinical Psychology Neuropsychology Art Psychotherapy Support Worker and Nursing services GeoBlue Insurance Cigna Insurance WPA Insurance Music Therapy Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) Eye Movement Desensitisation and Reprocessing (EMDR) Compassion Focused Therapy (CFT) Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Dementia Educational Psychology Assessment Case Management Neuropsychology-Led Case Management Immediate Needs Assessment What is Case Management? Our team Blog Consultation Resources Contact Us Our Pricing Insurance Information Services All Services List Neuropsychological assessment Neurorehabilitation Acquired Brain Injury Neurological Conditions Bipolar, psychosis and depression ADHD Autism Spectrum Disorder Cognitive Behavioural Therapy Medicolegal assessments Long covid Functional Neurological Disorder Expert witness assessments Mental Capacity Assessments Speech and Language Therapy Occupational Therapy Group Therapy Neuro Physiotherapy Clinical Psychology Neuropsychology Art Psychotherapy Support Worker and Nursing services GeoBlue Insurance Cigna Insurance WPA Insurance Music Therapy Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) Eye Movement Desensitisation and Reprocessing (EMDR) Compassion Focused Therapy (CFT) Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Dementia Educational Psychology Assessment Case Management Neuropsychology-Led Case Management Immediate Needs Assessment What is Case Management? Our team Blog Consultation Neuropsychological Assessments Consultation Are you worried about your memory? Have you been diagnosed with a neurological or a mental health condition and are having difficulties with cognition? Do you know that you need some help and are making a PIP application? All of these may be reasons for you to benefit from a neuropsychological assessment and we can help. Enquire Now Neurorehabilitation Consultation have you recently had a neuropsychological assessment and need help putting into practice the recommended strategies? Have you noticed that you’re having difficulties with thinking processes (e.g., memory, concentration, planning) and you want to learn new ways of coping? Are you distressed by the diagnosis of a neurological condition? All of these may be reasons for you to benefit from a neurorehabilitation and we can help. Enquire Now Medico-legal Assessments Consultation Have you suffered a personal injury affecting your ability to think and remember (your cognition)? Are you looking for a professional opinion about mental capacity? Do you feel like you’ve experienced a case of clinical negligence and are making a compensation claim? All of these may be reasons for you to benefit from a medico-legal assessment by a neuropsychologist and we can help. Enquire Now Measure cognition Capture your strengths and difficulties to understand your needs better Restore confidence Work with someone to get back to the activities you find meaningful and enjoy Provide expert opinion Obtain professional advice for the purpose of medico-legal assessments Who do we help? Consultation People come to us with many different needs, be it because of a diagnosis of a psychiatric problem or a neurological condition. What our clients share is a difficulty that affects cognitive, emotional and behavioural (also known as neuropsychological) health. These difficulties can be confusing and distressing for individuals and their families and friends. At The London Neurocognitive Clinic we specialise in supporting people with these kind of difficulties. We offer the following services and more, so if you feel you need help, please contact us. Acquired brain injuries Acquired brain injuries (including traumatic brain injury, stroke and infections such as encephalitis) can leave long-standing cognitive, behavioural and emotional difficulties. Neurological conditions Investigations for or diagnoses of neurological conditions such as dementia, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease and epilepsy can include neuropsychological assessment. Bipolar disorder, psychosis and depression Some people with psychiatric diagnoses can experience difficulties with thinking processes such as memory, concentration and planning as well as emotion regulation. ADHD Difficulties with executive functioning are characteristic of ADHD and a neuropsychological assessment can help to pin-point this. How do we help? Consultation At The London Neurocognitive Clinic we pride ourselves on offering an inclusive service that is transdiagnostic and person-centred. This means that we see people with a large range of difficulties and we arrive at a personalised and shared understanding for each individual and family we see. We recognise the challenges that people face. We have the knowledge of the science and we combine this with a pragmatic outlook. In this way, we like to be flexible and creative. If you feel we can help you, please do get in touch. Consultation Acquired brain injuries Sudden changes in cognitive, behavioural and emotional functioning as a result of an acquired brain injury can shift a person’s view of themselves, their goals and their future. We help people to understand and cope with these shifts. Learn More Neurological conditions A diagnosis of a neurological condition can take time to adjust to. We support people to establish strengths and difficulties over time and help implement strategies to improve quality of life. Learn More Bipolar disorder, psychosis and depression Loss of confidence can be common after an episode of bipolar disorder, psychosis or depression. Cognitive difficulties are often misunderstood and people can struggle on alone. We are here to help you on your journey. Learn More ADHD ADHD doesn’t have to mean lifelong difficulties. We work with people to help them put in place new ways of coping, be it in the workplace or  in their relationships, to strengthen their abilities. Learn More Simple Process How Does it Work? After you have decided to get in touch, we aim to make the process of reaching a healthcare professional as smooth as possible. Step 1: Call and discuss your enquiry We first offer you an opportunity to speak to our enquiries team. This first conversation is about establishing what part of our service you need. Step 2: We discuss it and create a plan Once we have spoken to you and understood your needs, we will create a plan together. At this stage we will book you in for one of our services. Questions our clients ask Frequently asked questions You may have lots of questions and that’s understandable. We have provided some answers below to frequently asked questions but if you’re still unsure about something do get in contact with us. How do I know when it is time to get support? There’s no right or wrong time to reach out for support but often people struggle unnecessarily for some time before they ask for more help. If you are finding that you are having difficulties doing things in your everyday life or other people have told you that they are noticing problems, it might be time to contact a professional for their advice. How long would I see a neuropsychologist and or clinical psychologist for? Neuropsychological assessments usually take several hours to complete. After this, a course of neurorehabilitation may be recommended. The length of neurorehabilitation will vary depending on your needs. You may meet with a professional weekly or fortnightly for several months to work towards specific goals. Where will my appointment be? We have a number of service locations in and around London. We will discuss with you your needs before telling you where to go. Do you accept insurance payments? Yes, we accept payments from most major insurance companies. Please enquire for more information. What is a neuropsychologist? Most neuropsychologist are trained in an applied area of psychology, e.g., clinical psychology. They will also most likely had done additional training specifically in neuropsychology. Neuropsychology is the study of cognition, behaviour and emotion in the context of brain function. A neuropsychologist will be able to measure cognition through the use of psychometric tests and come to an understanding of any difficulties in the context of other factors such as your mental health. How much does it cost? Comprehensive neuropsychological assessment packages start from £2995. This includes half a day of clinical consultation, preparation of a bespoke report, and a further clinical feedback and recommendations session. Neurorehabilitation sessions start from £190 per session. All prices depend on location of the appointment. Please contact us for cost associated with medico-legal work. Do you offer virtual appointments? Neuropsychological assessments are all conducted face-to-face, unless there is a specific need for a remote assessment. Most of our neurorehabilitation sessions are virtual, but we can discuss other ways of meeting, if needed. Can I bring someone along to my appointment? Yes, we welcome family members and friends to your clinical interview. Neuropsychological assessments are preferably done on a one-to-one basis to get the best out of your performance, but your family members and friends can rejoin for the feedback. Some therapy purposefully involves close others. Dr Sara Simblett’s Biography About our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) I am a clinical psychologist with a special interest in neuropsychology and neurorehabilitation. I trained in clinical psychology (completed a DClinPsy) at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience, King’s College London, after being awarded a PhD and MSc in Neuropsychology from the University of Cambridge and the University of Bristol, respectively. I am committed to providing a very high quality service that puts people’s individual needs at the heart of what we offer I have spent some of my career to date, researching how to measure and facilitate adjustment to emotional, behavioural and cognitive problems following a diagnosis of a neurological condition such as an acquired brain injury (ABI), multiple sclerosis (MS) or epilepsy. The other part of my career has focused on providing assessment and treatment of psychological disorders. I have worked in community and inpatient neurorehabiliation services in the NHS and over the past couple of years, I set up a neuropsychological assessment clinic in the NHS to understand and rehabilitate cognitive difficulties amongst people with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder. I continue to offer neuropsychological assessment and neurorehabiliation in a neuropsychiatry service within one of the leading NHS hospitals in London. Alongside my clinical work in the NHS, I have offered Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) and adult neuropsychology privately since 2018. Schedule your appointment today! You don’t have to wait any longer to speak to someone about your needs. We are right on the end of the phone waiting for you! Call up when you feel ready. Schedule Appointment Informational Posts Read Blog Articles Empowering Clients Through Neuropsychology-Led Case Management ADHD or Something Else? The Importance of Comprehensive Neuropsychological Assessment Communication Pathways in Neuropsychology-Led Case Management: Keeping Families and Professionals Aligned The Role of Neuropsychology in the Long-Term Management of Bipolar Disorder Cultural Sensitivity in Neurorehabilitation: Why Context Matters in Neuropsychology-Led Case Management What Are Functional Seizures? Understanding the Basics Working with us If you are a healthcare professional and you like our approach at The London Neurocognitive Clinic, come and join us! Just contact us and we will take things from there Contact Us Contact Us Phone: 0207 467 8416 Email: enquiries@thelondonneurocognitiveclinic.co.uk Address: 10 Harley Street, London, W1G 9PF Twitter: The London Neurocognitive Clinic Important Links Consultation Contact Us Our Pricing Terms and conditions Privacy Policy Consultation Contact Us The London Neurocognitive Clinc | All rights reserved © 2022 Search for: Schedule a Callback Free Consultation Fill out the form below to receive a free and confidential initial consultation with a callback. Your Name Your Phone Case description Δ