Lakeland Ledger: Local News, Politics & Sports in Lakeland, FL News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals More than 2 dozen new restaurants graced Polk's culinary scene in 2025 A councilman voted against a builder. Then police came to his door Meet The Ledger's All-Quarter Century Football Team Lakeland's Rogers shined on defense loaded with standout players Watch Now Must Read The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper More Stories Did someone wish you a Happy Twixmas? Here's what it is Winter Haven's Emily Drier is The Ledger's 2025… ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN for your chance to win! Pope Leo XIV's brother speaks from his Florida home 'Strange Things' character quiz. Which one are you most… Shopping How to use FSA funds at Pair Eyewear before December ends Save 15% on 2026 stays at Spark by Hilton hotels nationwide Watch the College Football Playoff quarterfinals on Sling, here's how News A councilman voted against a builder. Then police came to his door FWC releases results of 2025 black bear hunt Here's why two Florida lawmakers want to deep six paper straws Sports Meet The Ledger's All-Quarter Century Football Team Lakeland's Rogers shined on defense loaded with standout players Fort Meade's Omari Russell is The Ledger's 2025 Small School Defensive Player of the Year State Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles Will Florida's minimum wage go up in 2026? How much is the living wage? Entertainment More than 2 dozen new restaurants graced Polk's culinary scene in 2025 'Strange Things' character quiz. Which one are you most like? When is 'Stranger Things' Netflix finale? See countdown Life Meet Bob, a high-octane Lab with real talent in the outfield Meet Chewbacca, the total package of fluffiness, playfulness and love Meet Charlie, a pit mix with a love for 'his' people and tennis balls Business Developer bringing 9,000-home project to Florida. Here's what to know Polk County's small shops entice shoppers to step out of the big box The perfect gift might not be in a big box. See Polk's small shops Opinion Why Polk State? Hear the voices of student leaders | Guest commentary Angela Garcia Falconetti At the close of 2025, a legal system in disarray | R. Bruce Anderson R. Bruce Anderson Thompson Nursery rezoning was shameful (Voice of the People) Hurricane News 2025 hurricane season was unique. Here's why Melissa’s wrath and Imelda’s waltz: A storm season that broke reality National Hurricane Center watching rough seas, rainstorms Trending Is firing a gun in air on New Year's Eve OK? Police say don't do it. Is airport fashion is back? Is the civility campaign working? Many 2026 holidays and celebrations will happen on Fridays, Saturdays Featured Gallery Extra, Extra ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN! Winners Announced! Nominate Today! More in Contests Fort Meade's Omari Russell is The Ledger's 2025 Small School Defensive Player of the Year FWC releases results of 2025 black bear hunt Here's why two Florida lawmakers want to deep six paper straws Happy birthday to the GOAT in golf, Tiger Woods! Pics of the Florida celeb Yes. You have to clean your air fryer. How often, how to clean the basket About Us Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Sitemap Legals Public notice certification Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Legal Notices Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account My Print Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X Instagram eNewspaper NIE Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.theledger.com. All rights reserved.