Liven | Your Well-being App & Self-Discovery Companion Life comes without a manual Meet your well-being app and self-discovery companion Start with a test Over 300,000 ratings Personalized program Train your nervous system to handle emotions Mood tracking Recognize emotional triggers to start changing Journaling Disarm your inner critic to rebuild self-esteem AI companion Get validation and emotional support 24/7 Daily tasks Develop a deep sense of safety and calm Personalized program Train your nervous system to handle emotions Item 1 of 5 2,500,000+ people worldwide chose to liven up! 84% Satisfaction rate of personalized programs I am appreciative of the information offered. This given information can help understand some of the “whys” I have question to. KI Kirby Trustpilot review Best mindset app I've tried by far! Easy to use, and great advice. This advice is very similar to the advice I've gotten from my therapist! LU Luvitxyzhdkala App Store review This app is a great resource and I recommend it to everyone looking for help! AL Alex Trustpilot review Great app so far! Looking forward to finding myself again. JA Jay Trustpilot review It's great to have someone to talk to in a healthy way without attacks or judgments, just trying to improve. That's good LA Luis Aviles Google play review Liven helped me understand my emotions and stop taking criticism so personally. Now, I handle stress with more balance and feel better about myself every day. BD Brad Denton App Store review So far so good and this program is already helping me feel better. DR Drew Trustpilot review Great app! I’d definitely suggest. MA Malie Trustpilot review Item 1 of 9 It took a lot of steps to become who you are It will take 3 steps to start transformation Step 1 Take a short test To get your personal plan Overcome trauma Get things done Sharpen focus Improve well-being Step 2 Understand your well-being state To spark your natural drive Step 3 Recalibrate Train your mind to focus on practical outcomes in any state Experts Backed by science and focused on solutions Meet our team of health professionals that co-create Liven programs Chante Dent Certified personal development and executive coach Verified Chermayne Moore Marriage & Family Therapist, LMFT Verified Jessica Bolanos Health coach, wellness program specialist Verified Shanen Norlin Clinical therapist, behavioral health specialist Verified Item 1 of 4 A self-discovery companion you can trust As seen in media Start with a test Blog Take it from the experts The dopamine reward system: how addiction hijacks your brain’s chemistry Apr, 2025 Helping children with ADHD succeed in school: practical strategies for parents Apr, 2025 Breaking the cycle of revenge bedtime procrastination: a guide to better sleep Apr, 2025 Dopamine and mental health: its link to depression, anxiety, and ADHD May, 2025 How childhood trauma affects brain development May, 2025 Item 3 of 5 Need help? Explore our FAQs Where can I find Liven app reviews? Is the Liven app legitimate? What is the Liven app? How much is the Liven app? Is the Liven app free? Does the Liven app work? What if I'd like to cancel my Liven subscription? How do I contact the Liven app customer service? Is the Liven app worth it? Download iOS Android Support Help Center Contact Us Connect Instagram TikTok YouTube Facebook Pinterest Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Policy Cookie Policy © 2025 Liven. All rights reserved