The List | Beauty, Entertainment, Royals, Style, Soaps, & Celebrity News Exclusives Experts Interviews Royals Celebs Looks Relationships Controversy Politics Entertainment Reality TV Soap Operas Hallmark Lifetime Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved The List | Beauty, Entertainment, Royals, Style, Soaps, & Celebrity News Exclusives Royals Celebs Politics Entertainment Features Newsletter News Lauren Sánchez And Jeff Bezos' Mismatched Vibes Are On Full Display In Revealing Vacation Vid Lauren Sánchez and Jeff Bezos seem a bit mismatched, something that was perfectly distilled in an awkward video captured during their New Year's Eve vacation. By Shana Aborn Read More News Donald Trump's Kennedy Center Rebrand Is Costing The Venue More Than Just Its Reputation President Donald Trump's ego-driven renaming of The Kennedy Center is seriously backfiring, costing the revered venue more than its stellar reputation. By Kristin Conard Read More Politics Kristi Noem's Controversial Reputation Has Plagued Daughter Kassidy In More Ways Than One Kristi Noem's daughter Kassidy learned the hardy way that being a nepo baby isn't all it's cracked up to be, thanks to her Trump staffer mom's dodgy reputation. By Shreya Mali Read More Latest Stories Looks Looks By Treva Bowdoin 39 min ago Julianne Hough's Post-Divorce Transformation Can't Go Unnoticed Julianne Hough has described herself as a "transformational wheel," but her divorce gave her ample excuses to change herself several times over and over again. By Treva Bowdoin 39 min ago Read More Politics Politics By Dami Kim 1 hour ago Kash Patel's Podcast Interview With His Age Gap Girlfriend Landed Him In Serious Hot Water Kash Patel appeared on the Katie Miller Pod with his girlfriend, Alexis Wilkins, and viewers had a lot of criticism for taking an interview rather than working. By Dami Kim 1 hour ago Read More Politics Politics By Kiersten Tate 4 hours ago What Do Erika Kirk's Many Rings Really Mean? Erika Kirk's signature jewelry includes large rings, which she often wears at events. Some have questioned their significance, and she set the record straight. By Kiersten Tate 4 hours ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Shari Hirsch 4 hours ago Celebrity Couples That Got Married In Las Vegas With so many celebrities taking the plunge and tying the knot in Sin City, you'll definitely be shocked by some of the lovebirds who got married in Las Vegas. By Shari Hirsch 4 hours ago Read More Living Living By Nicole Tommasulo 5 hours ago The Best Journals To Start The New Year With Journaling is a popular suggestion when it comes to making or keeping New Year's Resolutions. By Nicole Tommasulo 5 hours ago Read More Reality TV Reality TV By Tena Tuzla 5 hours ago Breaking Down All Of Kody Brown's Breakups In the past few years, reality TV star and polygamist Kody Brown went from four wives to only one. How did his various relationships end? By Tena Tuzla 5 hours ago Read More News News By Lauren Waters 5 hours ago Marjorie Taylor Greene Made Her Thoughts On The 'Mar-A-Lago Face' Trend Crystal Clear Marjorie Taylor Greene has been labeled a "traitor" for her break with Donald Trump on some key issues, and now she's going mask off about Mar-a-Lago face, too. By Lauren Waters 5 hours ago Read More Politics Politics By JAM Myrick 6 hours ago Red Flags In Mayor Eric Adams & Tracey Collins' Relationship We Just Can't Ignore After Eric Adams became the mayor of New York City, his relationship with his partner, Tracey Collins, got much more complicated due to her career. By JAM Myrick 6 hours ago Read More News News By Shana Aborn 7 hours ago Lauren Sánchez And Jeff Bezos' Mismatched Vibes Are On Full Display In Revealing Vacation Vid Lauren Sánchez and Jeff Bezos seem a bit mismatched, something that was perfectly distilled in an awkward video captured during their New Year's Eve vacation. By Shana Aborn 7 hours ago Read More Celebs Celebs By Kyan Patten 7 hours ago The Stunning Transformation Of Eden Sher, From Childhood To Now Despite working in an industry known for short-lived gigs, Eden Sher has done surprisingly well for herself, if her successful career is anything to go by. By Kyan Patten 7 hours ago Read More News News By Kristin Conard 7 hours ago Donald Trump's Kennedy Center Rebrand Is Costing The Venue More Than Just Its Reputation President Donald Trump's ego-driven renaming of The Kennedy Center is seriously backfiring, costing the revered venue more than its stellar reputation. By Kristin Conard 7 hours ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Kate Prince 9 hours ago How The Biggest TikTok Couples Actually Met From DMs to deep love, we're taking a peek into the meet-cute moments of your favorite TikTok twosomes and unveiling the origins of the platform's power duos. By Kate Prince 9 hours ago Read More Politics Politics By Marica Laing 11 hours ago The Rise And Fall Of Marjorie Taylor Greene's Friendship With Donald Trump Georgia Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene's announcement of her departure from Congress was the culmination of her major falling out with President Donald J. Trump. By Marica Laing 11 hours ago Read More Politics Politics By Shreya Mali 14 hours ago Kristi Noem's Controversial Reputation Has Plagued Daughter Kassidy In More Ways Than One Kristi Noem's daughter Kassidy learned the hardy way that being a nepo baby isn't all it's cracked up to be, thanks to her Trump staffer mom's dodgy reputation. By Shreya Mali 14 hours ago Read More Royals Royals By Jonathan Wright 20 hours ago Nicknames King Charles' Lesser Known Brother, Prince Edward, Has Been Given Queen Elizabeth II's youngest child, Prince Edward, has stayed out of the spotlight in recent decades after being labeled a variety of wicked nicknames. By Jonathan Wright 20 hours ago Read More News News By Shana Aborn 21 hours ago Up-Close Photos Of Donald Trump's Bruised Hand Look Grisly Rumors surrounding Donald Trump's true health status and his bruised hands continue to swirl, all thanks to a few public appearances around the holidays. By Shana Aborn 21 hours ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Kelsie Calderon 23 hours ago Celebrity Couples With The Biggest Age Differences Age is only a number for a countless number of celebrity couples. Here are just some of the many celebrity couples who have major age differences. By Kelsie Calderon 23 hours ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Louisa Marshall 23 hours ago The Best First Kisses In Bachelor History There are some first kisses in Bachelor history that stand out from the others. Not every Bachelor relationship has worked out, of course -- and many have ended in dramatic tears and bold exits. However, some kisses have endured the test of time. Here are the best first kisses in Bachelor history. By Louisa Marshall 23 hours ago Read More Politics Politics By Kristin Conard 24 hours ago Before & After Pics Of Stephen Miller's Hair Loss Are So Shocking Stephen Miller has become a familiar face since Donald Trump became president, but most wouldn't recognize him with the full head of hair he used to have. By Kristin Conard 24 hours ago Read More Hallmark Hallmark By Lauren Waters 24 hours ago Meet Hallmark Star Luke MacFarlane's Partner, Hig Roberts Hallmark Channel star Luke MacFarlane has plenty to be excited about as he builds a life with his partner Hig Roberts, a former Alpine skier Hig Roberts. By Lauren Waters 24 hours ago Read More Celebs Celebs By Eric Langberg 1 day ago Whatever Happened To Julia Stiles? Since she outgrew the teen films that made her famous, Julia Stiles has moved on to more mature roles in front of the camera and behind it. By Eric Langberg 1 day ago Read More Politics Politics By Shreya Mali 1 day ago These Painfully Awkward Kristi Noem Moments Will Haunt Her Forever Kristi Noem has a tendency to put her foot in her mouth which, alongside some of her other dodgy behavior, is totally humiliating for Trump's DHS secretary. By Shreya Mali 1 day ago Read More Royals Royals By Hannah Rice 1 day ago The Most Bizarre Royal Requests Of All Time If you're a royal, you can ask to borrow a movie star's diamonds or travel with your furniture! Here are the royal family's wildest requests. By Hannah Rice 1 day ago Read More Love Love By Shana Aborn 1 day ago Want A Timeless And Elegant Wedding Day? Behold The Wine-Wedding Your wedding day is one of the most special in your entire life. Here's how to incorporate wine into your ceremony and reception for a unique touch. By Shana Aborn 1 day ago Read More News News By Esme Mazzeo 1 day ago Reactions To Ashton Kutcher's Rumored Comeback Prove His Reputation Will Never Recover There was a time when Ashton Kutcher was one of the hottest stars in Hollywood, but his reputation these days is mud -- and it looks like it's sticking. By Esme Mazzeo 1 day ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Meg Walters 1 day ago All About Succession Star, Jeremy Strong Jeremy Strong never fails to captivate audiences with his piercingly precise performances on screen and stage alike. By Meg Walters 1 day ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Stephanie Kaloi 1 day ago You Probably Forgot About These Controversial Barbies Since the company was founded, Mattel has sold more than a billion Barbies. However, not all of them have been without controversy. By Stephanie Kaloi 1 day ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® TheList.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.