Home – The League Navigation Appstore Are You In League Love Appstore Are You In League Love ARE YOU TOLD YOUR STANDARDS ARE TOO HIGH? Keep them that way. We're not saying the other apps don't have a use case (hello Vegas!) but why not spend your time a little more... intelligently? Join The League So you want to date someone with passion and drive? Through our application process, The League has built a selective and curated community of motivated daters committed to finding a long-term relationship . Designed for busy individuals with like-minded standards, The League strongly believes that 3 quality matches are better than 100 bad ones. While your mother may call you picky, we call you self-aware. Efficient Matching Every day at Happy Hour we will give you a curated 'Batch' of profiles to review. We do our very best to only show you to people who meet your preferences, AND where you meet theirs, prioritized by people you actually have a decent shot at conversing with. We don't believe in wasting anyone's time here. Balanced Community An advanced screening and monitoring system keeps our community well-balanced, highly-engaged, and full of high-powered (and empowered) people who are ready for a long-term relationship . When you heart a profile on The League, your chances of matching and conversing are sky high! Politeness, Not Games Heart everyone but don’t ever message? You’re only hurting yourself, by increasing your flakiness score. This gets you deprioritized in the matching algorithm. Matched with a flake? We'll be the bad guy for you - we expire your matches after 14 days! Safety First Let us do the LinkedIn stalking for you! The League is committed to authenticity and weeding out bad actors. We use LinkedIn to help us verify accounts and screen out fakes in our effort to build a safe community full of real prospects. Personalized Potentials We always send you the best potentials for you, first. We believe in quality over quantity, and that smart (but finite) daily recommendations are better for busy people than an unlimited buffet of options. Peer Review Members of The League’s in-app community review and vote on applications. For the best chances of getting in, it’s essential to verify your account, optimize your photos, complete your ‘About Me’ section, and other profile information. Date . Intelligently W e like to think of ourselves as the most efficient dating platform on the market. On average, singles are spending an hour a day swiping on dating apps. On The League, that time is less than 10 minutes. We know your time is valuable For those fatigued with endless swiping , The League offers members a curated batch of potentials rather than an unlimited stream of profiles. O ur smart matching algorithm selects the best potentials for you daily, saving your time and energy. Unlock our exclusive member base with Search We heard you. You want more control over what users you see and you want to see more of them. Take your search for love into your own hands by exploring our member base and filtering profiles based on your unique tastes. 1:1 Video Chat: Your first step before a first date Convenient, cost effective and a safer way to date . Once you match, no need to swap phone numbers, just use our video calling to talk to each other. Vet your date, fall in love or just enjoy meeting someone new. Your call. ARE YOU IN? We know your time is valuable, so tell us your preferences and we’ll handle the scouting for you. Get the app now. Join The League ARE YOU IN? We know your time is valuable, so tell us your preferences and we’ll handle the scouting — and the vetting — for you. Download the app now. Download the App Back to Top FAQs Safety Matchmaking Privacy Terms Cities Impressum Colorado Safety Policy Information Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Contact