Mediterranean Recipes & Lifestyle - The Mediterranean Dish Skip to content Get the Mediterranean diet starter kit for the new year! Shop Now ! Shop Recipes Mediterranean Diet Cookbooks Tours About Mediterranean Recipes & Lifestyle Mediterranean Diet Recipes Vegetarian Breakfast Salads Entree Appetizer and Mezze Soups and Stews Desserts Popular Now! View More Recipes Italian Mussels Marinara Salads Black Eyed Pea Salad Appetizer and Mezze Mediterranean Chicken Nachos Greek Tirokafteri (Spicy Greek Feta Dip) Salads Citrus Salad with Honey and Vanilla View More Recipes The #1 Diet, Made Easy You’ve heard about the Mediterranean diet. Start the new year strong with everything you need in one box – and get 10% off your first purchase! Shop now The Latest View All Latest Recipes Drinks 8 Mocktail Recipes to Kick Off Dry January Snacks Honey and Aleppo Pepper Spiced Nuts Breakfast Spiced Sweet Potato Pancakes are a Cozy, Naturally Sweet Breakfast Fish and Seafood Shrimp Oreganata Appetizer and Mezze Whipped Ricotta Dip with Pistachios, Olives, and Harissa Oil View All Latest Recipes Holiday Favorites! Salads Black Eyed Pea Salad Drinks Sgroppino (Italian Prosecco Cocktail) Recipe Roundups 10 Crowd-Pleasing Mediterranean Holiday Appetizers Appetizer and Mezze Grilled Oysters with Garlic Herb Sauce Get the Cookbooks! Get your copy of these popular books with hundreds of easy, fresh, and tried-n-true Mediterranean Recipes from the New York Times Bestselling Author and founder of The Mediterranean Dish, Suzy Karadsheh. Buy Now Welcome to The Mediterranean Dish! The No. 1 source for modern Mediterranean recipes & lifestyle. I’m Suzy, New York Times bestselling cookbook author and founder of The Mediterranean Dish. Learn More Mediterranean Diet More Mediterranean Diet Recipes Salads French Lentil Salad with Cucumber, Bell Pepper, and Fresh Herbs Greek Gyro Bowl with Chicken and Feta Sides and Small Plates Roasted Rainbow Carrots with Dukkah, Garlicky Yogurt and Mint Vegan Chickpea Salad Sandwich with Fresh Veggies and Herbs More Mediterranean Diet Recipes Video of the Week Explore our top 10 Mediterranean Diet recipes of the year! If you are wanting to follow the Mediterranean Diet, these top recipes are just what you need to get started. watch now Reader Favorites View More Recipes Greek Greek Sheet-Pan Chicken Middle Eastern Easy Authentic Falafel Recipe: Step-by-Step Salads Mediterranean Chickpea Salad Fish and Seafood Baked Cod Recipe with Lemon and Garlic Greek Easy Tzatziki Sauce Recipe View More Recipes Olive Oil from Around the Globe! We are a trusted source of 100% Extra Virgin Olive Oil from Greece, Italy, Spain, and California. Grab a bundle and explore the range of fruity to spicy olive oils in your kitchen today! Buy Now Explore Cuisines Greek Italian Middle Eastern Moroccan and Tunisian Spanish Turkish Lebanese Egyptian Shop Quality Mediterranean Ingredients Shop All Products Bundles Olive Oils Spices Lentils Grains and Couscous Tahini Shop All Products Fresh Recipes To Reset View More Recipes Salads Balela Salad Recipe Dips and Condiments Easy Basil Vinaigrette Recipe Fish and Seafood One-Pan Baked Halibut Recipe with Vegetables Greek Traditional Greek Salad (Horiatiki) View More Recipes Get our best recipes delivered to your inbox. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Name Address Email Email Address * Sign Me Up! Follow Us Shop Recipes Mediterranean Diet Cookbooks Tours About © 2025 The Mediterranean Dish. Contact Us Policies and Disclosures Terms of Use