The Manual - Men’s fashion, watches, cocktails, grooming, entertainment, F1, Health and fitness Skip to main content Menu The Manual STYLE GROOMING FOOD & DRINK CULTURE HEALTH & FITNESS OUTDOORS TRAVEL AUTO Search STYLE STYLE See All STYLE Accessories Clothing Footwear Watches GROOMING GROOMING See All GROOMING Body Fragrances Haircare Shaving Skincare FOOD & DRINK FOOD & DRINK See All FOOD & DRINK Advice and Insights Liquor, Beer, Wine & Drinks Coffee & Tea Recipes CULTURE CULTURE See All CULTURE Streaming Trending Books & Music Brand Profiles HEALTH & FITNESS HEALTH & FITNESS See All HEALTH & FITNESS Nutrition Workouts Therapy and Recovery Equipment OUTDOORS OUTDOORS See All OUTDOORS Snowboarding Snowsports Backpacking Camping Hiking National Parks E-mobility Golf Portable Power Stations TRAVEL TRAVEL See All TRAVEL Advice and how-tos Destinations Travel Gear Travel Guides AUTO AUTO See All AUTO Auto News EVs Car Care Motorcycles Auto Reviews Supercars Deals MORE MORE About The Manual Contact Us Advertise With Us Work With Us Digital Trends Digital Trends en Español Trending: Grooming Awards Whiskey Gifts How to Tie a Tie Best Coffee Beans How to Shape a Beard Best Sweaters for Men Most Expensive Cognac Monos vs Away Luggage Best Luxury Hotel Chains Fastest Cars in the World Ernest Hemingway Books What Does CBD Feel Like? Canada Goose Alternatives Fastest Motorcycles in the World Ring in 2026 in style: Unforgettable NYE experiences nationwide Stylish NYE parties and gatherings are happening in every corner of the country—you just have to know where to look. Travel Emily Caldwell 2 days ago Editor’s Picks: What The Manual writers think your guy really wants Auto Mark D McKee December 21 Auto Mark D McKee December 21 Is vitamin E oil your missing skincare ingredient? Grooming BethAnn Mayer 22 minutes ago Grooming BethAnn Mayer 22 minutes ago What wellness trends we’ll leave behind in 2025 and why Health & Fitness E. Caldwell 1 hour ago The flavor that built modern coffee culture: Why a classic vanilla coffee never loses Food & Drink E. Caldwell 2 hours ago How to get the right sunglasses: What that writing on the frame really means Fashion & Style M. McKee 3 hours ago Want BBQ results indoors? This GE Profile smoker is $199 off Deals Omair Khaliq Sultan 6 hours ago Save $150 on premium recovery boots from Nike x Hyperice Deals Omair Khaliq Sultan 6 hours ago Start the new year with Don Q Double-Aged Pedro Ximénez Cask Finish Rum Food & Drink C. Osburn 9 hours ago Celebrate 2026 as the Year of the Horse with House of Rémy Martin’s special XO Cognac Food & Drink C. Osburn 10 hours ago The world’s greenest city is in North America, according to new data Travel Amanda Teague 12 hours ago Travel Amanda Teague 12 hours ago The Original Neue Klasse: The Car That Saved BMW Auto Dave McQuilling 23 hours ago Auto Dave McQuilling 23 hours ago Why you should stop putting coffee grounds down the sink (and what to do instead) Here's why experts say not to place coffee grounds down the sink and how you should properly dispose of them instead. Food & Drink Emily Caldwell 1 day ago The caffeine craze: 4 unexpected coffee partnerships of 2025 Coffees fuel our mornings — with recent National Coffee Association data showing that over 2/3 of Americans drink coffee every day. Yet, beyond fueling our mornings, coffee also fuels our culture. This year, many unexpected brands teamed up with coffee brands with unique collaborations. From style partnerships between brands like Dunkin’ and Urban Outfitters to […] Food & Drink Emily Caldwell 1 day ago This London hotel was just named the world’s best new luxury hotel Luxury Travel Intelligence has released its annual ranking of the world’s best new luxury hotels for 2025. Travel Amanda Teague 1 day ago I tried the BowFlex 552 Dumbbells and they solved my biggest gym frustration When it comes to working out, I prefer to keep things simple. I’ve been going to the gym for years to do a simple weightlifting routine with dumbbells, weight machines, and a long walk on the treadmill. But as an avid before-work gym-goer, there’s one huge pain point that even switching gyms can’t solve: The […] Health & Fitness Emily Caldwell 1 day ago See Norway’s off-the-beaten-path in 2026 with Up Norway Torunn Tronsvang reimagines Norway travel with sustainable off-the-beaten-path itineraries. Travel Mark D McKee 1 day ago Need a NYE cocktail? Check out this recipe from The Ariston in Nashville An amaro and tequila drink you'll want to make all through 2026. Food & Drink Mark Stock 1 day ago This trench coat sale takes a $750 staple down to $395 Save $355 on the Bespoke Post x Knickerbocker Trench Dry-Wear Coat, now $395 (was $750). A premium trench-style staple built for real-world wear and easy layering. Deals Omair Khaliq Sultan 1 day ago A $350 discount makes the Magnifica Evo a smarter at-home coffee upgrade Save $350 on the De’Longhi Magnifica Evo espresso machine, now $549.95 (was $899.95). Automatic milk frother for hot and iced lattes, plus easy espresso and coffee at home. Deals Omair Khaliq Sultan 1 day ago Watch Hill Whiskey’s newest rare whiskey releases are not to be missed Just in time for the new year, Watch Hill Whiskey announced the release of not one, but two unique whiskeys. The popular brand, known for its rare whiskey releases, is starting 2026 off on the right foot with a new bourbon and a rye whiskey. The latter is a collaboration with a well-known Louisville chef. […] Food & Drink Christopher Osburn 1 day ago Jim Beam and Kenan Thompson want you to “refresh your season” if your favorite NFL team didn’t make the playoffs There’s only one week left in the NFL season, and for many fans, their teams have already been eliminated. To help these fans cope with missing the playoffs, Jim Beam is launching its “Refresh Your Season” campaign featuring comedian and actor Kenan Thompson. “Refresh Your Season” The campaign’s goal is to help fans whose teams […] Food & Drink Christopher Osburn 1 day ago Dietitian shares hydration hacks and nutrition tips to reduce cravings and support digestion I asked dietitian and Medical Advisor at FuturHealth, Jessica Crandall, RDN, to share the best hydration hacks and nutrition tips to support fullness and digestion. Health & Fitness Steph Green 1 day ago Why these East Coast travel destinations belong on your bucket list I asked travel experts to spill their favorite East Coast travel destinations, then added a few of my own longtime loves. Travel Amanda Teague 2 days ago The sleep-centric getaways I’m dreaming of booking this year From peaceful treehouses to unique salt block beds, these five spots are perfectly suited for every type of sleep getaway. Travel Emily Caldwell 2 days ago How hazy IPAs became one of the most popular beer styles in America Discover the hazy, juicy world of New England-style IPAs — one of the most popular beer styles today. Learn about their history, flavors, and the best hazy IPAs to try. Food & Drink Christopher Osburn 2 days ago 2026 travel predictions: The unexpected cities about to take off Global travel search engine, KAYAK, just released its 2026 Travel Trends forecast, analyzing millions of flight searches to uncover the biggest trends shaping travel in 2026. The data is showing that travelers are ready to make 2026 count — uncovering that travel to Eastern Europe is having a “major moment” and that large-scale pop culture, […] Travel Emily Caldwell 2 days ago CanvasCamp’s panoramic Mouflon car camping tent sets up in under a minute There doesn’t seem to be a ton of revolutionary innovation happening in the car camping shelter market these days. So, when something novel pops up (pun intended), we tend to notice. Enter: The Moulon tent from CanvasCamp. On paper, the “bones” of the tent appear much like any other traditional A-frame camping tent. But the […] Outdoors Mike Richard 2 days ago From AI planning to hidden gems, here’s what travel looks like in 2026 Travel is heading into a smarter, more flexible era. Travel Amanda Teague 2 days ago This nostalgic comfort food gets a modern makeover in the air fryer Here's why he recommends using an air fryer to elevate this classic comfort food. Food & Drink Emily Caldwell 3 days ago Forget the beach—this is the Jamaica you’ve been missing Discover what to do in Jamaica, from waterfalls to mountain hikes, through five unforgettable natural wonders across the island. Travel Rachel Dennis 3 days ago Expert shares 20-minute HIIT session to help you stick to your fitness resolutions I caught up with HIIT expert and personal trainer Nik Signore to get his insight, top tips for beginners, a warm-up routine, and a sample 20-minute HIIT session. Health & Fitness Steph Green 3 days ago I asked experts if drinking coffee helps you lose weight — here’s the truth Here's what you need to know about using coffee as a tool to support your weight loss efforts. Food & Drink Emily Caldwell 3 days ago 2026 Jeep Gladiator Shadow Ops is overlanding-ready with exclusive factory winch Jeep’s Gladiator is already an overlanding-worthy rig in almost any off-the-rack configuration. But now, the iconic automaker is looking to up the ante (again) next year with the limited-edition Shadow Ops package. The 2026 Jeep Gladiator Shadow Ops is built on the extremely capable Rubicon platform but upgraded with even beefier, trail-ready accessories and features. […] Auto Mike Richard 3 days ago This new Times Square restaurant takes its menu around the five boroughs Times Square is getting a new all-day dining option that feels distinctly New York. Travel Amanda Teague 3 days ago RitFit’s ultimate home gym just got a New Years’ discount Let’s be honest: Most fitness gear marketed as a “gift” ends up collecting dust in the garage. But the RitFit M2 3D Smith Machine? This game-changer is a legit reason to treat yourself or someone you actually like this holiday season. Right now, RitFit is running a New Year sale with discounts up to 10% […] Health & Fitness Nikki Dual 3 days ago Snow Peak’s Field Rise is a clever rooftop tent that inflates in minutes Since the 1950s, Snow Peak has garnered something of a cult following in its native Japan. Its outdoor camping products are among the most cleverly designed in the space. But the all-new Field Rise marks a first in the company’s history as its debut into the world of rooftop tents. Unlike ordinary pop-up rooftop tents, […] Outdoors Mike Richard 3 days ago Choosing between a Riad or hotel in Morocco: My firsthand experience As you plan your visit to Morocco, here's what I'd recommend considering when deciding between staying in a Riad or a traditional hotel. Travel Emily Caldwell 3 days ago When fasting, what can you drink? The do’s and don’ts When fasting, what can you drink? Discover which beverages won't break your fast and what to avoid. Health & Fitness C. VanDoren 4 days ago Say hello to the Italian pilsner The pilsner is one of the most popular beer styles on planet earth. The Italian version might just be the best. Food & Drink Mark Stock 4 days ago Mediterranean diet meal prep for beginners: A simple weekly guide Do you need guidance with your weekly Mediterranean diet meal prep? Check out our guide for help. Health & Fitness C. VanDoren 4 days ago The easy sugar alternatives that upgraded my daily coffee routine Discover the best healthy ways to sweeten coffee below, with insight from MariElena Raya, Co-founder of Tippleman’s, a natural, allulose-based sweetener for coffee. Food & Drink Emily Caldwell 4 days ago Owning the look: Wild Hats uses social media to release your hat love I sat down with Chandler, founder and master craftsman of Wild Hats, to get his take on wearing a hat with style Fashion & Style Mark D McKee 4 days ago This Marvel Avengers 60th anniversary watch set is discounted by 43% Save 43% on the Citizen Men’s Eco-Drive Marvel Avengers 60th Anniversary watch and pin gift set. Now $268.38 (was $475.00) for a gift-ready collectible you can actually wear. Deals Omair Khaliq Sultan 4 days ago This skull globe decanter set drops to $85, saving you $30 on a standout bar-cart upgrade The Infused Skull Globe Decanter Set is on sale for $85, down from $115. Save $30 on a statement decanter and glasses set that’s perfect for home bars, gifting, and entertaining. Deals Omair Khaliq Sultan 4 days ago A new Wine Country luxury retreat is coming to downtown Healdsburg in 2026 Wine Country is getting a fresh new place to stay. Travel Amanda Teague 4 days ago IPA explained: What makes this bold beer style so popular Perhaps you know that IPA stands for India Pale Ale. But do you know the history of the beer and how it's made? Food & Drink Mark Stock 4 days ago Don’t neglect your core: Expert tips to stabilize and fire up your core muscles As a doctor of physical therapy, Dr. Betiku understands the importance of core strength and stability, so we asked him to share his top tips and exercises. Health & Fitness Steph Green 5 days ago Käydä is the bells-and-whistles backpack built for carry-on life I tested and reviewed the Kulkea Käydä backpack, and it silently outperformed other luxury bags. Here's the anatomy of the bag, as well as who it's best for. Travel Rachel Dennis 5 days ago Should coffee be stored in the refrigerator? Stocking up on your favorite coffee beans when they go on sale seems to make sense from a savvy shopper standpoint, but can they be stored in the fridge? If you’ve ever bought coffee in bulk and wondered, “Should coffee be stored in the refrigerator?”– you’re not alone. While many coffee drinkers use this strategy, […] Food & Drink Emily Caldwell 5 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next Style How to get the right sunglasses: What that writing on the frame really means Fashion & Style 3 hours ago This trench coat sale takes a $750 staple down to $395 Deals 1 day ago Owning the look: Wild Hats uses social media to release your hat love Fashion & Style 4 days ago This Marvel Avengers 60th anniversary watch set is discounted by 43% Deals 4 days ago This waxed canvas bomber jacket from Taylor Stitch drops to $148 Deals 6 days ago Prime Time Style: Deion Sanders and his coaching beyond the field Culture 6 days ago Should you be dressing up for dinner? Here is the answer Fashion & Style December 22 A Frank Sinatra–inspired Bulova watch is 50% off right now Deals December 22 More Style Food and Drink The flavor that built modern coffee culture: Why a classic vanilla coffee never loses Food & Drink 2 hours ago Want BBQ results indoors? This GE Profile smoker is $199 off Deals 6 hours ago Start the new year with Don Q Double-Aged Pedro Ximénez Cask Finish Rum Food & Drink 9 hours ago Celebrate 2026 as the Year of the Horse with House of Rémy Martin’s special XO Cognac Food & Drink 10 hours ago Why you should stop putting coffee grounds down the sink (and what to do instead) Food & Drink 1 day ago The caffeine craze: 4 unexpected coffee partnerships of 2025 Food & Drink 1 day ago Need a NYE cocktail? Check out this recipe from The Ariston in Nashville Food & Drink 1 day ago A $350 discount makes the Magnifica Evo a smarter at-home coffee upgrade Deals 1 day ago More Food and Drink Culture Prime Time Style: Deion Sanders and his coaching beyond the field Culture 6 days ago Fender’s Malibu Player acoustic guitar just dropped to $277.10 (34% off) Culture December 23 Sicily: Where History Isn’t Preserved—It’s Lived Culture December 22 Editor's Picks: What The Manual writers think your guy really wants Auto December 21 Not your grandpa’s cigar: Discover the bold, flavor-packed world of infused cigars Culture December 14 NYT Connections hints and answers for December 19, 2025 Culture December 19 Can you cut a cigar in half? The pros, cons, and how-to guide Culture December 6 If you’re stuck on what to buy her, these six deals solve the problem Culture November 28 More Culture The Manual Recommends 9 best coffee subscriptions that bring the café experience to your door Food & Drink December 18 5 premium tequilas that are worth every penny (no lime or salt needed) Food & Drink November 2 Tried and tested: The best resort wear for men in 2025 Fashion & Style October 7 Whiskey lovers, these RTD cocktails belong in your fridge Food & Drink September 23 5 essential bourbons to start your whiskey collection Food & Drink September 6 We asked an expert bartender to tell us the best bourbons for beginners Food & Drink May 31 What your dad really wants for Father’s Day — based on his personal style Fashion & Style May 18 From mountains to muddy trails: The top hiking shoe brands you need to know Outdoors April 26 Latest Deals Want BBQ results indoors? This GE Profile smoker is $199 off Deals 6 hours ago Save $150 on premium recovery boots from Nike x Hyperice Deals 6 hours ago This trench coat sale takes a $750 staple down to $395 Deals 1 day ago A $350 discount makes the Magnifica Evo a smarter at-home coffee upgrade Deals 1 day ago This Marvel Avengers 60th anniversary watch set is discounted by 43% Deals 4 days ago This skull globe decanter set drops to $85, saving you $30 on a standout bar-cart upgrade Deals 4 days ago This home gym deal gets you 370 pounds of bumper plates for under $315 Deals 5 days ago The Ninja Woodfire Pro is $100 off, and it’s built for more than just grilling Deals 5 days ago More Deals The Essential Guide for Men The Manual is simple — we show men how to live a life that is more engaged. As our name implies, we offer a suite of expert guides on a wide range of topics, including fashion, food, drink, travel, and grooming. We don’t boss you around; we’re simply here to bring authenticity and understanding to all that enriches our lives as men on a daily basis. Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest LinkedIn Flipboard Men’s Style Watches Men’s Clothing Men’s Grooming Shaving Skincare Food and Drink Culture Health & Fitness Outdoors Camping Travel Auto About Us Contact Us Editorial Guidelines Advertise With Us Logo & Accolade Licensing Branded Content Digital Trends Media Group 6420 S. Macadam Ave, Suite 216 Portland, OR 97239 Careers Work With Us Diversity & Inclusion Terms of Use Privacy Policy Press Room Manage Privacy Options Manage Privacy Options Sitemap Digital Trends Media Group may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites. ©2025 Digital Trends Media Group , a Designtechnica Company. All rights reserved.