Skip to main content
JOBS
COMPANIES
ADVICE
COACHING
NEWSLETTER
EMPLOYERS
SIGN IN
Find work
that's worth it.

Make a career match where the people, perks and values align with your needs.

Explore Companies

We think company culture is pretty important. We show you inside offices before you apply to make sure you'll love working there.

TOP COMPANIES HIRING NOW
Capital One

We’re working on some bold, transformative things—like changing banking for good. What’s in it for you? A career surrounded by brilliant minds. People from different backgrounds, experiences, and education levels. Coming together to create a sense of belonging. Supporting you where you are and where you want to be. That’s life at Capital One.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
Labcorp

How many people can say they improve health and the lives of patients around the world? Labcorp employees are doing just that every day. Working together across many disciplines, Labcorp’s global team of exceptional people push new boundaries to empower better healthcare. No matter the role, Labcorp employees are motivated to make an impact from discovery to diagnosis to delivery.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
Koalafi

Our passion for empowering people brings us to work every day to turn the complex into simple, obstacles into opportunity, no into yes. That means promoting a healthy work-life balance. It means challenging, inspiring work that accelerates careers. It means a close-knit culture where we inspire each other. Our values guide us in every interaction with teammates, partners, merchants, and customers. We couldn’t rewrite the future of financing any other way.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
Sandia National Laboratories

Everyone at Sandia contributes to our purpose. Our unique responsibilities in the nuclear weapons (NW) program create a foundation from which we leverage capabilities, enabling us to solve complex national security problems. As a multidisciplinary national laboratory and federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), Sandia accomplishes tasks that are integral to the mission and operation of our sponsoring agencies by anticipating and resolving emerging national security challenges, innovating and discovering new technologies to strengthen the nation’s technological superiority, and creating value through products and services that solve important national security challenges informing the national debate where technology policy is critical to preserving security and freedom throughout our world.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
Fannie Mae

We are motivated and committed to helping renters, homebuyers, and homeowners throughout their home journey. The work we do has the power to make an impact that extends for generations to come. Our team members advance and evolve their individual careers while tackling new opportunities to deliver on this vision and purpose. We achieve our goals by listening to each other’s perspectives and by collaborating and innovating with our industry partners like lenders, services, and housing experts.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
A smarter way to search for jobs
What we offer job seekers
We unlock professional advice for people exploring their options, job searches tailored to personal priorities, company profiles that go behind the scenes at an org, and more.
What we offer employers

We help companies build a more robust, informed candidate pipeline and strengthen their employer brand through authentic storytelling and targeted job postings. You can even earn special recognition for your perks and benefits through our annual VIBE Awards.

How we do it better
We combine the speed and scale of technology with a deep understanding of people to clarify your career search and connect you with companies that fit your life and goals.
Sign up for our newsletter

We'll deliver you emails with career advice to guide every stage of your journey and help you find jobs at inspiring companies that are hiring.

EMAIL ADDRESS*
SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy.

Discover companies that share your values.
BROWSE COMPANIES

Hiring? Learn more about featuring your brand on The Muse.

FEATURED COMPANIES
Hitachi Energy

At Hitachi Energy, we are shaping tomorrow today. Our work is massive, and we recognize that we need talented people from different backgrounds to achieve our purpose of advancing a sustainable energy future for all. We encourage our employees to challenge the status quo with their unique points of view and highlight how they can create real impacts in helping us solve the challenges of today and the demands of tomorrow. We’ll support, encourage and guide you to reach your career goals through our commitment to lifelong learning. Come as you are and prepare to get better as you learn from others. Bring your passion, your drive, and plug into a team that will energize your career while advancing a sustainable energy future for all.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
Fannie Mae

We are motivated and committed to helping renters, homebuyers, and homeowners throughout their home journey. The work we do has the power to make an impact that extends for generations to come. Our team members advance and evolve their individual careers while tackling new opportunities to deliver on this vision and purpose. We achieve our goals by listening to each other’s perspectives and by collaborating and innovating with our industry partners like lenders, services, and housing experts.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
Central New Mexico Community College

Central New Mexico Community College (CNM) is the state’s leading community college with a national reputation as an innovative institution. Our faculty and staff are passionate about helping our students achieve their educational and career goals while serving the workforce needs of our regional economy, helping to power a more vibrant central New Mexico community. With CNM’s inspirational Vision of “Changing Lives, Building Community,” our employees experience meaningful careers with many growth opportunities that contribute to a greater cause. If you’re looking for a rewarding career opportunity, a place where you can contribute to the success of students and the community, and enjoy a robust benefit package and professional development opportunities, CNM is the place for you!

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE
GM Financial

At GM Financial, we’re passionate about fulfilling dreams of mobility. Every day we pioneer the innovations that move and connect people to what matters. As a subsidiary of General Motors, we are a global provider of auto finance solutions. Our worldwide team of more than 9,000 visionaries, creators, problem-solvers and innovators is transforming the auto finance industry. Our team members welcome new ideas and support one another in a collaborative, inclusive environment. Each role contributes to our work, and we’re committed to investing in your professional achievements as you grow with us. We don’t just work together. We thrive together.

VIEW JOBS
VIEW PROFILE

Trending Searches

1
Software Engineering Jobs
2
Data and Analytics Jobs
3
Business Operations Jobs
4
Human Resources and Recruitment Jobs
5
Sales Jobs
6
Project Management Jobs
7
Account Management Jobs
8
Healthcare Jobs
SEARCH ALL JOBS
Forge a career that exceeds your ambitions.

Get expert advice for every life stage and experience level.

Succeeding at Work
Career Paths
Job Search
GET MORE ADVICE
Check out recent articles.

Get all the information and support you need to find work that's worth it.

10 Companies With Seriously Inspiring Missions (and They’re Hiring!)
Strategic Finance: Powering the Economics of Innovation at Coinbase
How to Build Your Career in a Fortune 25 Company
From Classroom to Coding: Nia’s Journey as a Tech Intern
19 Companies Looking to Hire New Talent Right Now
This Engineer Shares Her Best Advice For Networking and Career Growth
Try Coach Connect

Meet hundreds of certified coaches who are trained to help you improve your resume, create a strategy for your job search, and more.

Erica Walls

MENTOR

Specialties: Specialties: College/New Grads, New Managers, Mid Career, Women, Career Changers, Public Relations, Entrepreneurs, Education, Healthcare, Non-Profit

Yolanda M. Owens

MENTOR

Specialties: Specialties: College/New Grads, Mid Career, Career Changers, Digital Marketing, Relocating, Education, Non-Profit, Media, Confidence Coaching

Emily Liou, PHR, ELI-MP, CPC

PROFESSIONAL

Specialties: Specialties: College/New Grads, Mid Career, Women, Career Changers, Public Relations, Entrepreneurs, Digital Marketing, Relocating, Healthcare, Remote Job Seekers

Martin McGovern

PROFESSIONAL

Specialties: Specialties: College/New Grads, Mid Career, Women, Career Changers, Public Relations, Entrepreneurs, Digital Marketing, Data Science, Graphic Design, Education, Remote Job Seekers

Pamela Heward

PROFESSIONAL

Specialties: Specialties: College/New Grads, Mid Career, Executives, Women, Veterans, Relocating, Data Science, Education, Healthcare, Remote Job Seekers, Non-Profit, Finance

MEET THE COACHES
© 2025 FGB Muse Group Inc.
114 Rayson Street, 1st Floor
Northville, MI 48167

ABOUT THE MUSE

About Us
FAQs
Search Jobs
Browse Companies
Career Advice
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
FairyGodBoss

POPULAR JOBS

New York Jobs
San Francisco Jobs
Seattle Jobs
Engineering Jobs
Marketing Jobs
Information Technology Jobs
Salaries

GET INVOLVED

For Employers
The Muse Book: The New Rules of Work
For Career Coaches
Tell A Friend

JOIN THE CONVERSATION