The Markup Investigations and Tools Amazon’s Advantage Organ Failure Blacklight Pixel Hunt Citizen Browser Privacy Languages of Misinformation Still Loading Machine Learning Working for an Algorithm Search term About Us Donate Awards Have a Tip? Team Show Your Work Jobs Newsletters Events GitHub Bluesky RSS Feed Facebook Instagram X Mastodon Shine a light on tech’s hidden impacts. Triple your donation. Skip navigation Menu Independent 📰 FTW The Markup Donate About Us Donate The Markup challenges technology to serve the public good. Our journalism is actionable and drives real-world impact . Explore our investigations , tools , and blueprints to see how. This Just In Dating App Rape Survivors File Lawsuit Accusing Hinge, Tinder of “Accommodating Rapists” The civil lawsuit filed Tuesday, citing the Dating App Reporting Project, argues that dating apps could kick off serial rapists, but don’t. Related links: Original Investigation: Dating App Cover-Up: How Tinder, Hinge, and Their Corporate Owner Keep Rape Under Wraps Trump orders crackdown on state AI regulation. Here's why California is hardest hit Since 2016, California enacted more AI regulations than any other state. The president's new order against such laws worries state officials. How American Big Tech guards the profits it extracts around the world A consortium of journalists is revealing how the industry influences governments in Latin America and globally. Investigations Our investigations use data-driven journalism and our own engineering expertise to reveal the hidden impacts of how tech is used. See more of our investigations California police are illegally sharing license plate data with ICE and Border Patrol LAPD and the counties of San Diego, Orange, and Riverside have repeatedly shared automated license plate reader data to federal agencies Related links: Related: Trump Is Creating a Deportation Army of Local Cops The NYC Algorithm Deciding Which Families Are Under Watch for Child Abuse How a family’s neighborhood, age, and mental health might get their case a deeper look Blueprints We publish our datasets, methodologies, story recipes, and processes so communities, journalists, and researchers can check our work and build on our reporting. See more of our resources This is how you stop data trackers from sucking up your health data The Markup and CalMatters found multiple ways consumers can block the trackers quietly sending your data to tech companies, including those used on state-run health exchange websites. Related links: Related: How California sent residents’ personal health data to LinkedIn Related: We caught 4 more states sharing personal health data with Big Tech How Do I Prepare My Phone for a Protest? Simple steps to take before hitting the streets Related links: Related: Car Tracking Can Enable Domestic Abuse. Turning It Off Is Easier Said Than Done Don’t miss a thing. Subscribe to our newsletter to be the first to know when we publish new investigations, tools, and more. Enter your email address Subscribe Please complete this CAPTCHA to help us ensure our subscription list is not abused. hCaptcha accessibility Help us help you change the world. The Markup relies on donations to power our work. Give today and let’s change the world together. Donate Now Impact Our journalism has driven real-world change—from changes in government policy to the removal of tracking technology. See more of our impact Data brokers face new pressure for hiding opt-out pages from Google After reporters found dozens of firms hiding privacy tools from search results, US senator Maggie Hassan insists the companies explain their practices—and pledge to improve access to privacy controls. Related links: Original Investigation: We caught companies making it harder to delete your personal data online House lawmakers demand answers from California health exchange on sending data to LinkedIn The lawmakers cite a Markup and CalMatters investigation that first revealed Covered California’s data practices in April. Related links: Original investigation: How California sent residents’ personal health data to LinkedIn We followed up: We caught 4 more states sharing personal health data with Big Tech House bill targets loopholes that let car insurance companies charge more in Black neighborhoods Bill reintroduction follows investigation by The Markup and Outlier Media that found insurers target Black neighborhoods for high rates Related links: Original Investigation: Michigan’s “Fair and Reasonable” Reforms Allowed Car Insurers to Charge More in Black Neighborhoods Tools Our tools hold institutions accountable for the way they use technology, pulling back the curtain so readers can see for themselves how technology affects them. See more of our tools Here’s Every Local Police Agency Enforcing for ICE Partnerships more than doubled during the first months of Trump's current term under a program known as 287(g) Related links: Related: Trump Is Creating a Deportation Army of Local Cops Launching Blacklight Query, a Tool to Scan Websites for Privacy at Scale Inspect batches of websites for user-tracking tech with our new open-source command-line tool Related links: Related: Announcing Three New Features for the Blacklight Privacy Inspector Inside The Markup The Markup named Sigma Award finalist May 13, 2025 Sisi Wei Recognized as a Freedom of the Press Rising Star in 2024 RCFP Awards October 17, 2024 The Markup Wins ONA Awards for General Excellence and Community-Centered Journalism September 23, 2024 The Markup’s “Clear and Beautiful” Reporting Wins Online Journalism Award August 17, 2024 View all articles Return to The Markup's homepage Your contributions help us investigate how technology influences our society. Donate About Us Our Donors Ethics Policy Events Governance Jobs Team Have a Tip? Newsletters A Letter from the President Awards Privacy Policy Terms of Use GitHub Bluesky RSS Feed Facebook Instagram X Mastodon