Premium WordPress News/Magazine Themes from ThemeRuby Create WordPress Websites Effortlessly - No Coding Required! Look no further for top-quality themes! Our themes offer the perfect balance of style and practicality to help your website stand out. View Themes As an Envato Elite Author with the most highly-rated WordPress themes 6 Years + Experience 14,000+ Happy Clients 8+ Themes 99% Users Satisfaction Featured Themes Discover the power of our WordPress themes to effortlessly create beautiful, high-performing, secure, and SEO-optimized websites that drive success! Foxiz - WordPress Newspaper News and Magazine The Impressive Mobile-First Website Builder WordPress Theme. Lets you create your dream website with 1000+ Customizable Options, Mobile-Friendly and Lightweight Learn more about Foxiz Pixwell - Modern Magazine Perfect design and outstanding features for news, magazine and blog, mobile-friendly, ready for the latest core web vitals standards. Learn more about Pixwell Why Choose US We are a trusted WordPress theme developer with over 6 years of experience and a proven track record as one of the market's top support authors. Quick & Friendly Support Our dedicated support team offers professional, motivated, and empathetic assistance to promptly address our clients' needs. No Coding Required Drag & Drop Content Builder allows you to customize elements and instantly preview the changes with Live Customizer. Regular Updates Our themes' longevity is top priority. Regular updates ensure they meet evolving needs of customers. Mobile First Design Mobile-first design and responsive are essential components of our approach, ensuring your website looks and performs flawlessly across all devices. Core Web Vitals Don't let slow loading times hinder your website's success. Our lightweight and optimized themes ensures fast load times, maximizing user experience. SEO Optimized Our themes are designed with SEO in mind, featuring optimized schema structures and seamless compatibility with leading SEO plugins like Yoast, All in One... Join Over 14000+ Happy Customers Our themes have been carefully crafted to meet the needs of both beginners and industry leaders. Discover why our customers trust and love us! This is not the first time I have bought from this author and once again I am indebted to their quality of support and their amazing ability to produce a theme that can be so readily customised. Caseyoli Web Developer What a great theme! Maybe the best we ever had. It's highly customizable and looks gorgeous. Hopefully there are more great features in the future. Very happy we bought this theme! 🙂 Lens-Aid Envato Customer Last 15 years I have bought hundreds of templates. It is the first time a team has left me speechless courtesy, professionalism and speed of responses and effective solutions. Congratulations! Thank you very much! Digital360Europe Web Project Manager The customer support is great, they are quick and friendly and have been able to solve all my issues. I’ll definitely renew support when the times comes. Dealox Envato Customer After using multiple themes, my major issue with most of them has been of customer support. Ruby's customer support is probably the best I have ever seen. They are lightning-fast with there support and replies. The author is always open to suggestions and keeps adding new features with regular updates. CliffordLawrence Web Content Manager 5 STARS for every reason in the drop down. Design, Quality, Support and Ease of Use!
 The developer is very responsive to questions, feedback, and suggestions. Most importantly, the design is quality when it comes to current standards. JoomGO Content Writer Latest From The Blog Where you can find the latest and most comprehensive WordPress tips and tutorials to enhance your website. View All Posts WordPress Plugin 5 Best WordPress Plugins to Upload or Use Google Fonts WPTinker May 11, 2025 WordPress Guides How to Start a Food Blog WPTinker May 8, 2025 WordPress Plugin Top 5 Best WordPress Plugins for Delicious Recipes WPTinker May 9, 2025