The Mary Sue - The Nexus of Pop Culture and the Uncharted Universe Skip to main content Subscribe Login Twitter News Movies & TV Books Big on the Internet Comics Space Gaming About Store Twitter mascot-6 The Mary Sue Subscribe Login News Movies & TV Books Big on the Internet Comics Space Gaming About Store The Bigots Are Showing Their True Colors This Movie Season ‘Stop this cover-up!!!’: The DOJ tried to redact Trump’s name from a document detailing his bizarre ‘pert nipples’ obsession ‘The Testament of Ann Lee’ Review: A Captivating Look at Faith and Resilience Jancy, Byler, and More: ‘Stranger Things 5’ is About the Ships Have you heard of being a “doll mom”? 'Hazbin Hotel' Composer Sam Haft On Post-Season Reactions and the Influence of Emo [EXCLUSIVE] By Rachel Tolleson Dec 24th Most Popular Chappell Roan Learned a Hard Truth About Brigitte Bardot, Who Inspired One of Her Songs 2 Years Later and This A24 Film Is Still the Best The End Is Near For 'Stranger Things' But What Happened in Vol. 2? Happy for Karen But Is Mr. Wheeler Dead on 'Stranger Things'? Spotlight In case you were sleeping, Bernie Sanders wants you to know Trump’s wealth tripled to a jaw-dropping $6 billion By Sanchari Ghosh Dec 29th "No ChatGPT Thanks" Is Taking Over. But Who Are You Asking? By Jonathan Wright Dec 22nd Farewell to the Penny, Your Funeral Was Lit Though By Teresia Gray Dec 23rd 'The Spongebob Movie: Search For Squarepants' Review: A Reminder Why We Love This Franchise By Rachel Leishman Dec 19th Happening Now The Ten Best Video Games With Romance By Sarah Fimm Dec 30th You can fix him. Read More It's Actually Really Sweet That Robin Knows Everyone's Favorite Music on 'Stranger Things' By Rachel Leishman Dec 30th Think about it! Read More One of Hollywood's Biggest Actors Names His Favorite Young Stars, Even Though He Thinks the Idea of a Movie Star is Dead By Myra Drake Dec 30th Is George Clooney missing the point? Read More Did the internet just connect the dots on the DOJ’s involvement in the Epstein case? Things are about to get messy. By Sanchari Ghosh Dec 30th Read More Donald Trump finally running low on female reporters to bully, so he’s decided to branch out and mock men too By Kopal Dec 30th Read More Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here . Want even more TMS goodness? Sign up for The Mary Sue Newsletter & get it delivered on the daily. Big on the Internet ‘What the heck?’: New York woman stores her AirPods in plastic Skittles case. Then they melt the Skittles inside By Charlotte Colombo Dec 30th Read More Wisconsin woman goes to Milwaukee bar. Then the bouncer proceeds to crawl under the table and suck her toes: ‘Why did you let it get that far?’ By Rachel Thomas Dec 30th Read More ‘I was gonna take a bath before bed’: Woman checks into Seattle Hilton hotel at 1am. Then she turns the bath on By Charlotte Colombo Dec 30th Read More ‘They wrong for that’: Texas woman goes to hibachi restaurant. Then the manager makes her walk out in tears By Gisselle Hernandez Dec 30th Read More Texas woman tries to buy Lululemon jacket. Then a worker takes it out of her hands, goes to the back: ‘I’ve never been racially profiled in my life’ By Rachel Thomas Dec 30th Read More Want even more TMS goodness? Sign up for The Mary Sue Newsletter & get it delivered on the daily. Happening Now The tent where Charlie Kirk was shot was recreated at a Turning Point USA event, and people think it’s weird By Sanchari Ghosh Dec 30th Read More A bombshell Epstein document just dropped, and it’s not the predators under scrutiny By Kopal Dec 30th Read More 'Stop this cover-up!!!': The DOJ tried to redact Trump’s name from a document detailing his bizarre ‘pert nipples’ obsession They're too dumb and Trump is beyond saving. By Kopal Dec 30th Read More Will's Coming Out Scene on 'Stranger Things' Is Being Review Bombed and That Just Hurts Actual Criticisms of It By Aaron Perine Dec 30th This is annoying! Read More 'Avengers: Doomsday' Has Won Fans Over with its Latest Teaser Trailer By Aaron Perine Dec 30th Let's go!!! Read More More Stories Do Not Miss 'The Testament of Ann Lee' Review: A Captivating Look at Faith and Resilience By Rachel Leishman Dec 23rd Music is healing to all © 2025 The Mary Sue About Us Advertise Newsletter Privacy Terms of Service Accessibility User Agreement Ethics & Diversity Policy Corrections Policy Fact Checking Policy Ownership Contact