Homepage | Them Skip to main content NEWSLETTERS News Culture Entertainment Style Community Answers & Advice Shop Video Search NEWSLETTERS Menu Menu News Culture Expand Art Read Me All Culture Entertainment Expand Books Celebrity Music TV and Movies All Entertainment Style Expand Beauty Fashion All Style Community Expand Activism History One Of Them T4T Tender All Community Answers & Advice Expand Sex and Relationships Health Gender and Identity Safety and Legal Astrology First Person Mental Health All Answers and Advice Shop Video Search Search Newsletters NEWSLETTERS Search Close Menu Menu Menu Them. Get the best of what's queer SIGN UP Art The Train-Hopping, Dumpster-Diving, Epic Punk Voyage of Artist Ellery Neon TV and Movies Is Queer Love the Answer to Pluribus’ Most Pressing Questions? News Project 2025 Was Just the Start. Heritage Foundation Has an Anti-LGBTQ+ Scheme for 2026, Too News Robbers Who Targeted Gay Men on Grindr Sentenced to Prison Celebrity A Timeline of Nicki Minaj's Descent Into Trump's MAGA World Politics Trans Prisoners Allege Targeted Harassment by Supervisor at Nation’s Worst-Ranked Facility News Texas Judge's New Lawsuit Is the Latest in Fight Against Same-Sex Marriage Music 2025’s Best New Entries in Gay Guy Music Video Night Astrology Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: December 29, 2025-January 4, 2026 Trending Stories TV and Movies Our 10 Most Anticipated LGBTQ+ Movies of 2026 TV and Movies The 10 Most Anticipated LGBTQ+ TV Shows of 2026 News Pam Bondi Directs FBI to Offer Cash Bounty for Promoters of “Radical Gender Ideology” ANSWERS & ADVICE View More >> Expert-informed resources on all things LGBTQ+ and beyond. Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: January 5-11, 2026 Venus reigns supreme this week. Here’s what that means for your sign. Sole-mates? How to Find Your Match by Gay Footwear Forget love languages, astrology, and the apps. Just look down. Capricorn Season 2025-2026 Horoscope: Everything You Need to Know Based on Your Astrological Sign This Capricorn Season will challenge you to climb that mountain. Your Guide to Lube, According to Lube Scientists It’s time to get slippery. Your 2026 Queer Astrological Forecast is Here In 2026, new year, new me will take on a whole new meaning. Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: December 22-28, 2025 How to find stability this Capricorn Season, according to your sign. Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: December 15-21, 2025 Capricorn Season is all about becoming. Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: December 8-14, 2025 It's Sag season which means it's time to say what you really mean. Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: December 1-7, 2025 How to protect your peace at the end of the year, according to your sign. How to Prepare for Your First Visit Home After Transitioning Knowing your boundaries ahead of time can save you stress down the road. Your Queer Weekly Horoscope: November 24-30, 2025 Mercury Retrograde is the perfect time to bare your soul. Sagittarius Season 2025 Horoscope: Everything You Need to Know Based on Your Astrological Sign Your queer forecast for Sagittarius Season 2025, based on your zodiac sign. Clock It! How Ballroom Coined the Internet’s “New” Catchphrase Ballroom icon Leiomy Maldonado breaks down the history of the phrase. How Trump's Anti-Trans Passport Ban Impacts You Here’s what you need to know about Trump's trans passport ban. Apple Pulls China’s Top Two Gay Dating Apps After Government Order The removal of Blued and Finka marks another setback for China’s marginalized LGBTQ+ community. How to Be in a Throuple: Your Ultimate Guide to Alternative Relationships “It’s support, it’s a bit of work, it’s a lot of fun, it’s a team.” How to Update the Gender Marker on Your Passport and Other Important Government Documents Legal experts broke down how to change your gender marker across government documents for trans folks across the country. How to Tuck Like a Pro: Everything You Need to Know to Get Started It’s all about finding the most comfortable way to get the appearance you want. Ohio State Budget Could Lead to More Forced Genital Surgeries on Intersex Infants The budget copied President Trump's definition of gender and sex. Right-Wingers Celebrate Flawed Study Claiming a "Decline" in Trans Identity One data scientist called the report “dead on arrival” over its inaccuracies. YouTubers Dan and Phil Confirm 16-Year Relationship: "Phil Was My Safe Space" The pair have been longtime roommates. SCOTUS Appears Poised to Strike Down Conversion Therapy Bans. Here's What We Know From Opening Arguments In Chiles v. Salazar , the future of bans against the harmful practice could be in jeopardy. Porsha Williams of Real Housewives on Dating: "He Is Nice and She Is Nice" According to the reality star, she has narrowed down her dating pool to two individuals. SCOTUS Justice Alito Suggests He's Not Interested in Overturning Same-Sex Marriage. Is That True? Obergefell v Hodges has been back in the spotlight with fears gay marriage could be removed as a national right. A New Study Explores Why Lesbian Couples Divorce at Relatively Higher Rates The findings are contrary to what some U-Haul jokes suggest. How Gender-Affirming Surgery Helped My Dad and I Understand Each Other My dad and I never really understood each other. Then, he took care of me after my gender-affirming surgery. 6 Pro Chastity Kink Tips for Locktober Beginners If you're looking to lock up, here are the things you need to know. Legendary Trans Activist Miss Major Has Been Hospitalized With Sepsis. Here’s How to Help She was also diagnosed with a blood clot. What Is Transmaxxing? Everything You Need to Know About the Alt-Right Concept Everything you need to know about the ideology and how people are connecting it to Charlie Kirk's shooting. Judge Blocks Trump’s Effort to "Harass and Intimidate” Children’s Hospital Over Trans Care Documents The Department of Justice had subpoenaed “all medical records and personal information” having to do with gender-affirming care of trans youth. What Is Comphet? And what does it have to do with that Betty Who podcast interview? What If We Told You That All Males Are Performative? Judith Butler literally declined to comment. Gay Cruising 101: What It Is, Where It Comes From, and How to Do It Want to cruise but don’t know where to start? We’ve got you covered. RFK Jr. Is Slashing mRNA Funding as HIV Vaccine Approaches Possible Breakthrough The Department of Health and Human Services is terminating millions in research on mRNA technology. How To Support Your Trans Child, According to Experts and Trans Kids Themselves It’s a particularly challenging time to protect trans kids. Here are the best ways to help your child. Trans Packer 101: How to Use, Buy, and Clean Your Gender-Affirming Gear We spoke to trans experts about the best way to build your bulge. What Is a Stud? The History of Black Lesbian Masculinity Studs on studs. Over a Million Queer Women Rely on Medicaid. What Happens If They Lose It? Lesbian and bisexual women are more likely to be low-income, more likely to be parents and more likely to rely on Medicaid. They could fall through the cracks of Trump’s new tax law. Recession Indicator? Queer People Are Drinking Dairy Milk Again Is oat no longer the GOAT? What Does It Mean To Be Nonbinary? What is the history of nonbinary folks? What are the differences between genderqueer, gender fluid, and enby people? We’ve got you covered. Trump Is Shutting Down 988’s LGBTQ+ Services. These Hotlines Can Still Help If you’re an LGBTQ+ person experiencing a mental health crisis, there are resources you can use to get support. In BateWorld , Competitive Masturbators Goon on an International Stage The BateOff host also breaks down the critical difference between gooning and bating. “One Thing They Can’t Take From Us”: Incarcerated Queer People Explain Their Tattoos “These connections are crucial to making prison time easier, for creating safety, and for stealing joy in a place that isn’t designed for it,” Renea Baek Goddard writes. Here’s What Gay Hobby You Should Try Based on Your Sign From pickling to roller skating, let us decide how you spend your new year. What Is a Twink? Everything You Need to Know About the History of the Queer Slang Term Twink discourse exploded over Troye Sivan’s “Rush” music video. We’re here to break it down. Everything You Need to Know About Whippets and How to Stay Safe Harm reduction specialists explain the effects, risks, and least harmful use of nitrous oxide. How to Vote While Trans: A Guide to Voter ID Laws, Trans Voting Rights, and More Concerned that your voter ID doesn’t match your registration or you’ll be turned away? Read on. I Thought I’d Have to Top My Whole Life — Until I Discovered Anal Botox Injections How medical intervention helped one writer discover that comfortable bottoming was possible after all. Over a Third of LGBTQ+ Youth Do Not Believe They Will Live Past 35 Trans folks, people of color, and multi-sexual people have lower perceived life expectancy, according to a new brief by The Trevor Project. GSAs Are Giving LGBTQ+ Students a Place to Fight For Their Rights Amid an onslaught of anti-LGBTQ+ legislation, these student organizations are more than just safe spaces. The Repeal of Race-Based Affirmative Action Is An Inherently Queer Issue The Executive Director of the LGBTQ+ civil rights organization National Black Justice Coalition sat down with Them to explain the ramifications of the decision. 6 Ways to Treat Your Body Right With Little to No Money Self-care should be a way to ground yourself, not empty your wallet. 6 Tips From Seasoned Organizers to Stay Safe During Pride Protests Taking steps to protect yourself and your community ahead of protesting is crucial. How to Celebrate Pride in All 50 States During an especially brutal year for LGBTQ+ rights, it's important to gather with community. Luckily, there's more ways to do so than ever before. Mixed Feelings: I Recently Came Out, But I Still Feel Like I’m Hiding Elly Belle explains how to handle anxiety, stress, and internalized homophobia after coming out. How to Break Up with Your Therapist Ending any relationship is hard, let alone one with a therapist. Queer mental health experts explain how to know when it’s time. How a “Grass Is Greener” Mentality Ruined My First Queer Relationship After being bullied and closeted for so many years, I held my first queer love up to an impossible standard. How Do I Make Meaningful Queer Community in a New City? Building queer community isn’t always a linear process. This week, columnist María Saldana tackles loneliness and queer friendship. 8 Ways to Manage Social Anxiety, According to Queer Mental Health Practitioners Social anxiety can make community building and queer nightlife feel overwhelming. Here are some tips to help. The Safety, Privilege, and Invisibility I Found Living Stealth While keeping my transness a secret kept me safe, sharing my truth helped me see I was so much more than just a woman. How Breast Cancer Taught Me to Love My Body Surviving breast cancer as a gender-nonconforming person of color brought me a unique kind of struggle — and surprising opportunities. My Leather and Whips Don’t Make Me Masc People often assume I’m uber-masculine just because I’m a Dom. There's way more to me underneath the leather. I Thought Objectification Was Flattery. Self-Pleasure Was My Way Out As a gay, Black dancer living with HIV, being single during the pandemic helped me realize I was treating myself as a sexual object. Learning To Practice “Body Neutrality” Is The Hardest Thing I’ve Ever Done. It’s Also The Most Rewarding “Even if ‘I’m neutral about my body!’ doesn’t seem like something to shout from the rooftops, that’s actually kind of the point: Body neutrality meets me where I am.” As a Young Trans Girl, Anorexia Was My Gender’s First Love My eating disorder was the only thing that gave me control over my appearance, until I realized I was losing myself. I’m So Trans When I Turn On My Lamp If we call everything queer, then nothing will be. How to Unplug, Set Boundaries, and Practice Self-Care During Tumultuous Times While you may feel pressure to jump into action, putting your well being on the line is not an obligation. 7 Ways to Use Your Own Body to Reduce Stress Through massage, breathwork, bodily awareness, and more, these techniques will help you decompress and unwind during these stressful times. 11 Self-Care Tips, According to Expert Queer Healers Through interviews with over a dozen expert queer healers — including traditional psychologists, sex therapists, personal trainers, reiki masters and hypnotists — we’ve compiled a guide for self-care during these scary times. What Dating As An Intersex Person Taught Me About Self-Acceptance Dating while intersex can be hard, with partners prone to misunderstand your body. My experiences have taught me how to accept my differences. NEWS View More >> News Trump Admin Threatens 12 Companies Over Chest Binders News Texas Wants Citizens to Take Pics and Tattle on Trans People Using the Bathroom News Dr. Oz Makes Bizarre Rant About the Cost of Bottom Surgeries: “Testicles, That’s Extra” News Trump and RFK Jr. Move to Block All Hospitals From Offering Trans Youth Care Politics 3 Democrats Signed on to Marjorie Taylor Green's Bill Criminalizing Trans Youth Care News Texas Church Condemns ICE in Caged Nativity Scene Atop Rainbow Pride Steps News Lane V. Rogers, OnlyFans Star Known as Blake Mitchell, Dead at 31 Politics Florida’s Attorney General Is Having a Conniption Over a Christmas Drag Show Politics Gavin Newsom Praises “Humanity” of Reagan, President Who Famously Ignored AIDS Crisis News Grindr CEO Says App Will Be “AI-First” and “Not in the Business of Politics” COMMUNITY View More >> Tender Meet the Three Pigeons at the Center of This Farm's Bisexual Throuple Drama Community Irish Woman on Realizing Her Bisexuality: I Saw a Lady With Her Top Off and Knew Community The QNCC Wants to Help Nightlife Workers Keep the Party Alive Tender From Sorority Rivals to Wives: Inside Ultimatum Stars Haley and Pilar’s Path to Marriage News Human Rights Campaign Cuts Ties to Weapons Manufacturers After 2-Year Activist Campaign Community TikTok's "Boss & CEO" Mainly Mannie Discusses Health After HIV Diagnosis Community Yes, The Internet Is Still Doing "I Hate Gay Halloween" Meme Costumes History Holocaust Researcher Says Up to 1/3 of Imprisoned LGBTQ+ People Reported by Friends and Family Community Meet Your Leader in Latex: Mx International Rubber 2025 Elliott Eve History The Family That Miss Major Built CULTURE View More >> TV and Movies 10 LGBTQ+ Shows That Won’t Be Coming Back in 2026 TV and Movies Bite-Sized The Prince’s First Love Rom-Com Goes Viral on Social Media TV and Movies Orville Peck Is Shirtless, Yoked Up, and Still Masked in Street Fighter Movie Promo TV and Movies Peek Inside a Remote Trans Commune in This Clip From The Mysterious Gaze of the Flamingo TV and Movies For the Heated Rivalry Stars, Selling Sex Comes With Strings Attached TV and Movies Heated Rivalry Easter Egg: This New Character Is Actual LGBTQ+ Hockey History TV and Movies Every Character in the Knives Out Universe, Ranked by Icon Status TV and Movies Harlow, Star of Legendary Doc The Queen , Is Getting a Biopic Get the best of what's queer - right to your inbox Enter your e-mail address Sign Up Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy . WHAT TO READ AND STREAM View More >> Our favorite LGBTQ+ literature, music, and entertainment right now. The 10 Most Anticipated LGBTQ+ Albums of 2026 Next year is shaping up to be yet another banner one for LGBTQ+ musicians, especially trans artists. The 10 Most Anticipated LGBTQ+ Books of 2026 The books we can't wait to read next year, from heartfelt memoirs to trans alien romantasy. The 32 Best LGBTQ+ Books of 2025 From horror to heartfelt romance (and sometimes both at once), here are some of our favorite reads of this year. The 27 Best LGBTQ+ Songs of 2025 Our favorite songs queer and trans musicians released this year, from “Bounce” to “Berghain.” 10 LGBTQ+ Holiday Movies You Can Watch With the Whole Family For when you get sick of big-city women falling in love with small-town men. With Their New Name, August Ponthier Has Never Felt More Alive The singer-songwriter opens up about their new name, their gender journey, and how music helped them along the way. How Jay Som Got Hayley Williams to Collab on Her New Album The indie musician’s new album Belong features tributes to the 2000s alt-rock of her youth. The 69 Best LGBTQ+ Horror Movies of All Time Them contributors hand-picked their favorite queer horror films. The 12 Best LGBTQ+ Movies Adapted From Books Some of the most vibrant, consequential, and groundbreaking characters have enchanted readers and moviegoers alike. Rose Dommu’s Best Woman Adds a “Chaotic Trans Bisexual Nightmare” to the Canon The debut novel follows a trans woman trying to win over her high-school crush at a family wedding. Our 11 Most Anticipated LGBTQ+ Albums of Fall 2025 We’re living through a renaissance of trans music. Aubrey Anderson-Emmons Didn't Mean To Come Out As Bisexual The Modern Family star talks about launching her music career and why she was surprised by the reaction to her coming-out TikTok. Meg Stalter Dazzles in Lena Dunham’s Netflix Rom-Com Series Too Much Stalter’s timing and delivery fit perfectly with the pace of Dunham’s comedic writing. Survivor Star Parvati Shallow on Being “Fully Queer,” Divorce, and Embracing Villainy The reality TV legend talks with Them about her new memoir Nice Girls Don’t Win . Reneé Rapp Tries to Get Alexandra Shipp in Bed in the “Mad” Music Video The song is an impassioned plea for a lover to get over their bad attitude. A Friendship Like Kate Moennig and Leisha Hailey’s Takes a Lot of Work The L Word co-stars share advice for maintaining a lifelong queer bond. Fletcher Wants You to Know That Kissing A Boy Doesn’t Erase Her Queerness The singer opens up about the “shame and guilt and fear and anxiety” of sharing her new single with the world. On His Final Solo Album Ten , Shamir Celebrates His Chosen Family The nonbinary musician reflects on his solo career as he pivots toward collaboration. How Tommy Dorfman Navigated the Unreliable Memory of Addiction to Write Her Memoir Exploring everything from transition to tarot, the actress tells an unflinching story of her past selves. Mal Blum Is Entering Their Villain Era Watch the music video premiere for the singer-songwriter’s new single “I’m So Bored.” What to Watch: 12 (Actually Good) LGBTQ+ Rom-Coms to Stream Good rom-coms are rare. Good queer rom-coms are even rarer. This Free Streaming Service Has a Ton of Great LGBTQ+ Movies — With No Ads Our guide to the best LGBTQ+ films on Kanopy. 7 Mindlessly Fun Queer Films to Help You Switch Off Your Brain Because thinking is overrated. 8 Films and TV Shows That Capture Queer Latinx Experiences From One Day at a Time to Vida , make time for these must-sees. 7 Films and Shows With Messy, Amazing, Ridiculous, and Real LGBTQ+ Disabled Characters From Margarita with a Straw to the new Queer as Folk , some creators are finally getting it right. What to Watch: 7 Queer Movies and Shows to Stream for Women’s History Month From Desert Hearts to Derry Girls , these are March must-sees. What to Watch: 7 LGBTQ+ Movies to Stream for Black History Month From Brother Outsider to Bessie , watch these queer films this February. Read Me: This Poetry Collection Explores Lithium From Every Possible Angle Shira Erlichman's work captures a bevy of experiences with bipolar disorder, whether in the doctor’s office, in letters to her family, or in her life as a queer woman. Read Me: This Novel Channels Oscar Wilde’s Life To Help Teens Conquer Bullying In The Importance of Being Wilde at Heart , two teens who share a mutual affection for Wilde come together in the face of colonialism and marginalization. Read Me: Gaby Dunn and Allison Raskin Explain How to Survive (and Thrive) Post-College Your early 20s are hard, especially when you have your queer identity, a new career, and a long-distance best friendship to tackle. *Please Send Help* guides the way. Them is the award-winning authority on what LGBTQ+ means today — and tomorrow. From in-depth storytelling on the fight for LGBTQ+ rights to intimate profiles of queer cultural vanguards, it’s a platform for all of the bold, stylish, and rebellious ways that LGBTQ+ people are reshaping our world every day. Facebook X Instagram About Them Careers Media kit User Agreement Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Feeds Site Map Condé Nast Store © 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Them may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices CN Living