Ultra Fast WordPress Themes • Themify Skip to content Skip to content Menu Themes Ultra Shoppe Music All Themes Plugins Builder Pro Post Type Builder Themify Builder Builder Addons All Plugins Blog Affiliates Contact Sign Up Member Member Area Support Forums Documentation User Showcase Close Menu Speed Up Your WordPress Site & Development Don’t let your WordPress theme slow down your site. Switch to Themify for a boost in PageSpeed and SEO. Build fast WordPress sites, faster. Browse Themes Pagespeed Matters Themify is coded according to industry standards and optimized for page speed and server performance. A fast-loading site is crucial for achieving high SEO rankings on Google. Additionally, quick load times can improve eCommerce conversions and enhance the overall user experience . Google Pagespeed Insight 96+ GTMetrix Performance Report A Lightweight Page Size 126 kb Everything you need to build fast & dynamic WordPress sites Access all Themify themes and plugins to accelerate your WordPress development—from landing pages, business sites, and portfolios to eCommerce shops and large-scale dynamic projects. Sign Up Non-coders Looking for a website builder for your projects? Themify is designed for non-coders to create professional WordPress sites without coding. The themes are fully customizable and include many predesigned templates. Non-coders Looking for a website builder for your projects? Themify is designed for non-coders to create professional WordPress sites without coding. The themes are fully customizable and include many predesigned templates. Designers Themify themes come with a powerful layout Builder that lets you create virtually any layout, no coding required. Builder layouts are optimized for speed and responsive styling on desktop, tablet, and mobile. Developers For developers, Themify themes support child themes and custom CSS, JavaScript, and PHP functions, allowing for deep customization without affecting core files. Ultra This all-in-one WordPress theme can create virtually any type of site. Import a pre-designed demo from the library, customize the text and images, and your site is ready to launch! Builder Pro Create dynamic templates for headers, footers, posts/pages, WooCommerce products, and custom post types effortlessly, without any coding. Sophisticated template display conditions enable you to assign templates site-wide or to specific pages. Shoppe A multi-purpose WooCommerce theme to build comprehensive eCommerce sites, featuring a variety of pre-designed demos, templates, and layout options. PTB Expand your WordPress sites with custom post types, taxonomies, and templates, all without needing coding skills. It complements Builder Pro perfectly for building dynamic websites. Built with Themify Join along with 125,290+ users, switch to a Themify theme to get an instant boost in your site’s page speed. Sign Up Saad Cleffon Based on Ultra Themify is the sweet spot — creative freedom without chaos. It doesn’t force me into a box, but it also doesn’t slow me down. Whether you’re just starting out or have years of experience, it adapts to you. Abdulla Saad KP The Joyful Edit Based on Ultra I was hired to design this site by a Life Coach, Danielle Valentine. We worked together to ensure each section of each page reflected the brand image, using a consistent colour palette throughout. Keith Atkinson Pacific Home Painting Based on Ultra I've been using Themify themes for years and don't ever plan on switching things up. Kevin McMillian Wanay Community Based on Ultra I've been using Themify Ultra and Builder Pro for over four years now, and I can't imagine switching to anything else. These tools make web design a breeze, and with the latest update, designing directly on the frontend has become incredibly intuitive and efficient. I'm extremely satisfied with the functionality and ease of use. Thank you, Themify team, for your continuous innovation and dedication to improving the user experience! Enrico Words Well Said Based on Ultra Ultra is what I use for the vast majority of my web design projects because I'm able to achieve beautiful, complex layouts and animations without needing code, but it's flexible enough to allow me to customize with code when I need to. I honestly love it! Jennae Petersen Destiny Academy Based on Ultra Themify's intuitive drag-and-drop page builder has made website creation a breeze. With their wide range of professional-looking themes and customization options, I was able to build a stunning website in no time. Adam Agnikii Based on Ultra I've used Themify Ultra for nearly 7 years, I love that I can make sites quickly for my clients without being limited. It's amazing! Anthony Whitefield Gilbert Based on Ultra Skill Up Based on Ultra A visually striking website created with Themify Ultra, utilizing primarily its 'out-of-the-box' features. The site incorporates dynamic elements and bold colors. Fara Media Nesta Lloyd Based on Ultra I have been using Themify for many years now for my web projects. I love the simple page builder and custom features which helps me design websites the way I imagine them. The customer support is also fantastic. Oliver Davies Adam Marciniak Based on Ultra Your Life Matters Based on Ultra My latest website design for Your Life Matters built using Themify's Ultra. Having used Themify for many years now I wouldn't even consider using another platform, the ease of use and the fantastic client support is always top notch! Sharon Wilson Join the Club 30-day money back guarantee Get all Themify products and use on unlimited sites. Master Club 1-year access & support of all Themify products $89 per year Get Master Lifetime Club Lifetime access & support of all Themify products $249 1-time payment Get Lifetime Back to top Products Pricing Themes Plugins Info Blog Affiliates Terms Privacy Support Documentation FAQs Forums Contact Built with WordPress & Ultra © Themify 2025