The Nevada Independent - Your state.  Your news.  Your voice. Government Economy Elections Education Health Care Environment Legislature Courts Energy Immigration Community Search The Nevada Independent Your state. Your news. Your voice. Español Fact Briefs A's Stadium 2026 Candidate Announcement Tracker About Editorial Policies Contact Us Events Newsletters Podcast Videos Swag Donate Our Donors Close The Nevada Independent Support Our Work Español Government Legislature Federal State Local Tribal Nations Health Care Coronavirus Education K-12 Higher Education Economy Unemployment Gaming Marijuana Housing Environment Wildfires Elections 2026 Candidate Announcement Tracker Energy Community Courts Criminal Justice Immigration Special Projects Lombardo Promise Tracker Recovery Dashboard Federal Relief Tracker Fact Checks Field Notes Podcasts IndyMatters On the Trail Cafecito Nevada Opinion Inside the Newsroom Ralston Reports Awards Events Swag About Us Our Team Our Board Our Donors Internships Government Legislature Federal State Local Tribal Nations Economy Unemployment Gaming Marijuana Housing Education K-12 Higher Education Health Care Coronavirus Elections 2026 Candidate Announcement Tracker Field Notes Environment Wildfires Energy Community Courts Criminal Justice Immigration Special Projects Lombardo Promise Tracker Recovery Dashboard Federal Relief Tracker Fact Checks Podcasts IndyMatters On the Trail Cafecito Nevada Opinion Inside the Newsroom Ralston Reports Awards IndyTV Events Swag About Us Our Team Our Board Our Donors Internships Government Legislature Federal State Local Tribal Nations Economy Unemployment Gaming Marijuana Housing Education K-12 Higher Education Health Care Coronavirus Environment Wildfires Elections 2026 Candidate Announcement Tracker Energy Community Courts Criminal Justice Immigration Special Projects Lombardo Promise Tracker Recovery Dashboard Federal Relief Tracker Fact Checks Field Notes Podcasts IndyMatters On the Trail Cafecito Nevada Opinion Inside the Newsroom Ralston Reports Awards IndyTV Events Swag About Us Our Team Our Board Our Donors Internships Best of The Indy: Our favorite photos from 2025 Photographers David Calvert, Jeff Scheid, Daniel Clark and Nick Stewart share some of their favorite images from the past 12 months Did tariffs cost Nevada households more than $900 in 2025? Find out in our latest fact brief. Best of The Indy: Our favorite stories from 2025 The Nevada Independent staff members share some of their favorite projects from the past 12 months. New Nevada gaming board chairman knows the importance of getting technology OK’d quickly A former casino equipment executive, Mike Dreitzer has a “uniquely qualified vision for the technology division,” his predecessor said. ‘It needs to be done now:’ Nevada casinos, lawmakers eager to reverse gambling deduction change Congress can’t change a policy that will tax gamblers on money they didn’t win before it goes into effect, but lawmakers are eyeing an early 2026 fix. Nevada youth rank last in sports participation. Will rising costs make it worse? Children from high-income families in Nevada are nearly three times more likely to play on a sports team as children from low-income families. Dive into the data on declining participation and rising costs. From Midnight Mass to Japanese noodles: Clark County residents share their holiday traditions A Holidays Around the World event in December at the Springs Preserve in Las Vegas highlighted holiday traditions from different cultures. Sign up for our newsletters Save The Daily Indy Join more than 20,000 Nevadans who start their day with The Daily Indy, our free flagship daily newsletter that gives you what you need to know in Nevada today. Subscribe Indy Elections This newsletter takes you behind the headlines of Nevada politics, delivering scoops and smart analysis on the races that could reshape our lives. Subscribe Indy Environment Reporter Amy Alonzo peels back the curtain on her environmental beat and curates some of the best land, water and energy journalism in the West in this monthly newsletter. Subscribe Indy Gaming Howard Stutz’s weekly dive into what’s innovative and interesting in Nevada’s gaming, sports and hospitality industries and how it’s shaping the rest of the world. Subscribe Indy Education Reporter Rocio Hernandez takes readers inside Nevada’s K-12 school system, delivering the latest education policy news and exclusive interviews with movers and shakers in this twice-monthly newsletter. Subscribe Mexican equestrian sport takes root in Las Vegas, linking riders to their heritage Escaramuza has grown in popularity in the U.S. during the past decade. Half equestrian competition, half art form, it’s the female form of Mexico’s national sport, charrería. Teams of eight or so women perform tricks on horses while wearing traditional garb. Indy Environment Egg shortages and Christmas trees: Looking back at Nevada's top 2025 environmental stories Remember the challenge of finding eggs during the bird flu outbreak, or when federal lawmakers were considering selling hundreds of thousands of acres of public land in Nevada? It feels like eons ago, but in reality, it was just a few months! A LOT happened in Nevada this year, so as 2025 wraps up, join me in taking a few minutes to look back at some of the biggest stories of the year. Festive sweaters, ‘inappropriate’ ornaments: How Nevada’s House members spend the holidays We asked the Nevada delegation about their favorite holiday traditions. Pageantry, a ‘fun economy’ and tons of elk — why Santa should move to Nevada If Santa ever wanted to relocate, Nevada is a strong contender — especially Las Vegas, dubbed by some as the epicenter of the “fun economy.” While we couldn’t reach Santa to ask if he’d consider relocating to the Silver State, The Nevada Independent spoke with state officials and experts who made the case for why St. Nick should consider Nevada his next home base. Were average gas prices below $2 per gallon anywhere in Nevada in December 2025? Find out in our latest fact brief. PHOTOS: The V&T Railway’s Polar Express returns for another busy holiday season The Virginia & Truckee Railway’s Polar Express is drawing thousands of people to Carson City during the holiday season. California school district near Nevada caught in dispute over transgender athlete policies Students in California’s Tahoe-Truckee School District compete with Nevadans to cut down on dicey winter travel, but California wants the district to play in-state teams only because of Nevada’s more restrictive policy on trans athletes. Poll: Alexis Hill trailing in Nevada gov race, but campaign attractive to primary voters The vast majority of those surveyed said they were unhappy with the status quo, which could boost Hill in her primary fight with Attorney General Aaron Ford. Mark Amodei talks affordability, land sales, political violence and more Nevada’s sole GOP congressman offered an hour of his time for a wide-ranging end-of-year interview with The Indy’s editorial team. Advocates called Nevada corporate homebuying cap a ‘glimmer of hope.’ Here’s how it died. Investors were behind 1 in 5 Vegas Valley home sales in the last 15 years, and institutional buying has become a key scapegoat for fast-rising prices. NV lawmakers backfill money feds are withholding from anti-domestic violence programs The programs' federal funds were paused over the summer due to the state's delay in submitting a key financial report for 2024. Trump called to put cannabis lower on dangerous drugs list. What does it mean for Nevada? This major shift in federal drug policy could open new avenues for medical research and ease the tax burden on Nevada cannabis businesses. Load more 7455 Arroyo Crossing Pkwy Suite 220 Las Vegas, NV 89113 © 2026 THE NEVADA INDEPENDENT Privacy Policy RSS Contact Newsletters Support our Work The Nevada Independent is a project of: Nevada News Bureau, Inc. | Federal Tax ID 27-3192716