We use cookies per our Cookie Policy to make your experience better.
Manage
Accept
Products
HomeIconsPhotosAPITools
Noun Project
Pricing
Log In
Icons
Search
Pricing
Log In
Free Icons and Stock Photos, Made by Humans
Icons
Sample Noun Project Icons and Images Animating Row 1
Sample Noun Project Icons and Images Animating Row 2
The world’s largest and most diverse collection of high-quality vector icons and photos.
Crafted and curated by real human Creators.
Free Icon Library
Icons for PowerPoint
AI Icons & Symbols
Technology Photos
People Icons
Flat Lay Pictures
Free Arrows: SVG & PNG
Free Stock Photos
Our Best Icons
Explore Trends
AI
Arrow
Book
Check Mark
Cloud
Education
Email
Heart
Home
Location
Lock
Moon
Phone
Recent
Search
Star
What Makes Noun Project the Best Free Icon and Stock Photo Library
Vast, Free Icon Collection

Since 2010, Noun Project has been the world’s top collection of icons and icon packs for presentations, websites, user interfaces, and more. With more than 8 million free vector icons and high-resolution photos, we’re known for expertly crafted SVGs and PNGs for design, business, education, or any creative need.

Visually Reflects Your Audience

Improve slide presentations by using graphics that authentically represent your audience. Among stock image providers, Noun Project is the leading free photo and icon library with purposeful diversity of people, communities, and ideas. Your message isn’t cookie-cutter. Your images shouldn’t be either.

Boosts Design Consistency

Cohesive style is key to great design. Designers turn to Noun Project for matched icon sets crafted by pros. Plus, Noun Project’s AI-enhanced search features deliver matched icons in thousands of styles. Download PNGs in the size and color you need, or fine-tune SVG format icons in Illustrator or Figma.

Powers Graphics for Top Brands

Brands like Adobe, Canva, Mural, and Squarespace trust Noun Project for premium assets, and have used our icon API in their apps. With praise from Fast Company and The New York Times, and decades of love on Reddit, design blogs, and G2, our images are preferred by businesses and app developers.

Provides Worry-Free Licenses

Even free stock images for presentations, social media, apps, and logos require legal clearance for use. All Noun Project icons and pictures have easy, clear royalty-free licenses. Download with confidence that Noun Project icons and photos are safe to use for personal and commercial projects.

Supports Human Artists

Noun Project is notable for supporting artists, especially in its ethical use of AI. Others train AI on artists’ work, then solely profit from generative AI images. Noun Project firmly believes that a person’s original artwork delivers primary value to AI, and that related generated images must compensate the artist.

Recent Posts
Top Designers of 2025
Creative Inspiration
Accessibility Iconathon Set
Creative Inspiration
Top Photographers of 2025
Creative Inspiration

Pricing & Licenses

All Standard images available as free downloads. Buy a royalty-free license to support artists and get more options.

Learn More

Apps & Plugins

Drag and drop icons into the software you use. Access vector, png, & pdf from Mac, PowerPoint, Adobe, Google, more.

API

Access the entire icon collection via our REST API. Reliably supports growth stage to enterprise clients.

Learn More

Get free design resources in your inbox

Submit
About Us
Contact Us
Support
Apps & Plugins
Jobs
Lingo
Legal
Sitemap
© Noun Project Inc.