Lord of the Rings & Tolkien News - TheOneRing.net Fan Community Skip to content The Library Community The Tale of Honour Message Boards Tolkien Discord Barliman’s Chat Happy Hobbit TORn Live TV series LOTR The Hobbit About About TORn Advertising Contact Us Privacy Policy TORn Archive Latest article Today in Middle-earth, December 25 The following event(s) took place in Middle-earth on December 25th: The Fellowship of the Ring leaves Rivendell at… Continue Reading Recent articles The Great Hall of Poets December 15th, 2025 • Kelvarhin Welcome to The Great Hall of Poets, our poetry feature showcasing the talent of Middle-earth fans. So come… Continue reading LOTR Theaters 2026 – Your Guide to the Trilogy’s Big... December 12th, 2025 • Calisuri The Lord of the Rings Extended Editions return to theaters in 2026, and we’ve put together the ultimate fan guide. From D-BOX to 4DX to collectible popcorn buckets, here’s everything you need to plan your big-screen journey back to Middle-earth. Continue reading Collecting The Precious – Weta Workshop’s Boromir Classic Series Review December 9th, 2025 • elessar One of the pieces I had been dying to get my order in for, since I saw it… Continue reading Collecting The Precious – United Cutlery Anduril Museum Collection and... December 9th, 2025 • elessar If prop replicas are your thing, and I know many a collector who that is their focus, then… Continue reading Collecting The Precious – Weta Workshop’s Classic Series Legolas and... December 9th, 2025 • elessar Today our friends at Weta Workshop launched another fantastic looking 1:6 statue from The Lord of the Rings…. Continue reading J.R.R. Tolkien’s Desk To Find a New Home December 6th, 2025 • Nancy "Mithril" Steinman Imagine sitting and writing at the desk where J.R.R. Tolkien worked on The Lord of the Rings. Someone… Continue reading View all articles Social Links Search The One Ring Search for: Latest Tweets TheOneRing @theoneringnet · December 21 EEs are back in theatres this January - hurrah! We've got tickets to giveaway! You could win a pair of tickets to the AMC, Regal or Cinemark location of your choice. Head to our FB or tune in to TORn Tuesday this week, 8pm ET/5pm PT for a chance to win! http://youtube.com/theoneringnet TheOneRing @theoneringnet · December 12 Can't wait for @FathomEnt to bring LotR back into cinemas? Coming soon in 2026 - and we feel excited like we were 25 years younger! Read all about it: https://www.theonering.net/torwp/2025/12/12/121345-lotr-theaters-2026-your-guide-to-the-trilogys-big-return/ NonSequiturGirl 🇺🇦 #GoKingsGo @cruisingcathy · December 5 Yay, can't wait @theoneringnet Got News? If you have news relating to anything 
from the world of Tolkien we’d love to 
hear from you. Submit News Popular articles LOTR Theaters 2026 – Your Guide to the Trilogy’s Big Return December 12, 2025 Continue reading The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey Extended Edition Scene Guide October 25, 2013 Continue reading Fan Expo announces 25th Anniversary LOTR reunion tour October 16, 2025 Continue reading The Library More in-depth articles of a scholarly nature. Yeah… it's for hard-core Tolkien fans. Browse the library Today in history, Bilbo spends the harsh winter af December 25 - the ring goes south. Lord of the Rings characters with Santa hats. 

Me Hope you remembered to leave the precious out toni Win tickets to see the Extended Edition The Lord O Aragorn to be recast! Latest rumors from @knighted Follow us on Instagram This site is maintained and updated by fans of The Lord of the Rings and the name and mark ONE RING is used under license from Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC an Embracer Group company, which hold the title thereto. We in no way claim rights in the artwork displayed herein. Copyrights and trademarks for the books, films, articles, merchandise and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and our limited use of these materials is done by permission or is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Act. Original content and photography are copyright © 1999-2024 TheOneRing.net. Website design and development by Garry Aylott. The Library Community The Tale of Honour Message Boards Tolkien Discord Barliman’s Chat Happy Hobbit TORn Live TV series LOTR The Hobbit About About TORn Advertising Contact Us Privacy Policy TORn Archive