The Oakland Press – Oakland County, MI News, Sports, Weather, Things to Do Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 27°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 E-Edition Home Page News News Local News Crime and Public Safety Business Best Reviews Health Coronavirus Fact Check Dataworks Michigan News National News Election World News Sports Sports MIPrepZone Sports Columns Lions / NFL Tigers / MLB Pistons / NBA Red Wings / NHL College Things to Do Things to Do Entertainment TV Listings Restaurants, Food and Drink Suburban Life Personal Tech Vitality: Active Seniors Pets and Animals Comics Puzzles Events Opinion Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Submit an Obituary Marketplace Marketplace Business Directory Jobs Today’s Ads Special Sections Sponsored Content Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Tools Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit a News Tip Comment Policy Contests Subscribe Log in Logout Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Search The Oakland Press 27°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 E-Edition News Sports Things to Do Obituaries Opinion Marketplace Contests Featured Birmingham Groves’ Harlem Simpson, one of the state’s top juniors, is putting up big number in Falcons’ high-octane system All it took was a couple weeks worth of evidence that Birmingham Groves' new approach this season was going to result in some eye-popping numbers. Michigan Legislature brings record low number of new laws in 2025 Michigan’s new 2026 state laws, explained Oakland County officials took 3 days to tell court about legionella, texts, emails show The days of trolley rides through Oxford appear to be over Latest Headlines Want to sew? Do woodworking? Welcome to the world of Metro Detroit’s makerspaces 10 hours ago Co-founder of Ray’s Ice Cream in Royal Oak dies at 88 12 hours ago Movie Review: Film makes one want to play Neil Diamond songs 12 hours ago Inside Instagram’s all-out battle to win the nation’s teens 13 hours ago Friends, colleagues, peers pour out tributes for the life of CHSL director Vic Michaels 19 hours ago Michigan Insider: GOP plan would cut property tax for those without kids in school 1 day ago Oakland County man accused of shooting at two people in a Shelby Twp. mobile home 20 hours ago Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular The CHSL’s longest-tenured director, Vic Michaels, dies at 71 The CHSL’s longest-tenured director, Vic Michaels, dies at 71 Fire at Troy manufacturing plant Fire at Troy manufacturing plant Elderly driver pinned in vehicle after crashing into semi-truck near Commerce Township Walmart Elderly driver pinned in vehicle after crashing into semi-truck near Commerce Township Walmart Burned Waterford Township restaurant mired in insurance fight Burned Waterford Township restaurant mired in insurance fight Oakland County man accused of shooting at two people in a Shelby Twp. mobile home Oakland County man accused of shooting at two people in a Shelby Twp. mobile home New science points to 4 distinct types of autism New science points to 4 distinct types of autism Red Wings midseason grades Red Wings midseason grades New Year’s Day swearing-in set for Pontiac’s elected officials New Year’s Day swearing-in set for Pontiac's elected officials Rochester Hills invites artists to enter America 250 poster contest Rochester Hills invites artists to enter America 250 poster contest Michigan State football loses kicker Martin Connington to transfer portal Michigan State football loses kicker Martin Connington to transfer portal Local News Pop culture in 2025: A ring for Taylor, an ill-timed KissCam … and whatever ‘6-7’ means Dictionaries define things. It’s their job. So when dictionary.com pronounced “6-7” as their 2025 word of the year, you’d think they would have, well, defined it. Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds Elderly driver pinned in vehicle after crashing into semi-truck near Commerce Township Walmart New science points to 4 distinct types of autism Sports Lions great Lomas Brown doesn’t make cut as HOF finalists announced The campaign to get Detroit Lions legend Lomas Brown into the Pro Football Hall of Fame is temporarily being put on pause. Five local PWHL players to take center stage at LCA in hockey twin bill Michigan State football loses kicker Martin Connington to transfer portal Red Wings midseason grades Things To Do Movies playing in Southeast Michigan, new releases Jan. 2 Movies at local theaters, and movies that are available to watch through online streaming and video on demand services. Cypriot fishermen battle invasive lionfish and turn them into a tavern delicacy Christmas is over, but what to do with the tree? These landfill alternatives can also help your garden Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more Photos Photos of the FIFA World Cup draw for the 2026 soccer tournament The World Cup draw determines where teams will play at next year's soccer tournament. Photos of the first general election since Trump’s return Satellite images show before and after of demolition of White House East Wing Satellite images show before and after of demolition of White House East Wing Photos: 2025 Emmy Awards red carpet standout fashion moments Photos: 2025 Emmy Awards red carpet standout fashion moments Photos: Pups take to the waves at World Dog Surfing Championships Show More Photos Enough steam: Fire meets Water in Pixar’s clever and increasingly charming ‘Elemental’ ‘Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie’ an engaging and intimate window into star’s complex life Three years later, COVID ‘Patient Zero’ returns to California hospital that saved his life After viral Dodger Stadium tackle cuts marriage proposal short, couple is all smiles Photos: Muslims celebrate Ramadan around the world Business How to build an emergency fund, pay off debt and make a plan for your money in 2026 As many start writing their New Year’s resolutions, financial goals are also making the list. Trump made lots of tariff threats in 2025. Here’s some that never materialized Judge blocks White House’s attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid Burned Waterford Township restaurant mired in insurance fight Crime and Public Safety Instruments stolen from NY music store returned with ‘Sorry, I been drunk’ note Two $4,000 mandolins stolen from a New Jersey music store were returned with a note... Chicago violence continued to plummet in 2025 despite high-profile crimes ‘They treated us like animals’: ICE arrests at CA courthouses left immigrants in fear, but judge’s order gives reprieve Federal judge dismisses indictment against TikTok creator shot by ICE officer Entertainment Sammy Boller’s guitar heroics lead the new year’s first metro area music weekend Sammy Boller released his latest EP, "Midnight Garden," back on Nov. 7. But some of... Trans-Siberian Orchestra keeps the holiday spirit warm at Little Caesars Arena Our favorite albums and concerts of 2025 Final weekend of holiday events throughout the metro area Opinion Yes, Virginia: There is a Santa Claus On Sept. 21, 1897, The New York Sun published what was to become the most... Column: Christmas, then and now Column: The (non-Christmas) lists Guest column: Strengthen region through intentional giving this holiday season Best Reviews The best doormats to keep floors clean There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,... Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Level up with the best Dell desktop computer The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Michigan News Metro Detroit Catholics mark end of Jubilee Year with theme of hope For the final week of Jubilee Year 2025, which ends Jan. 6, the Archdiocese of... Michigan lawmakers boost security amid surge in reported threats How bomb cyclones form and create dangerous conditions Winter storm brings blizzard conditions and dangerous wind chills Events Contact Us Work With Us Order Photo Reprints iOS App Android App Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap Subscriber Service Sign Up For Newsletters e-Edition Digital Subscription FAQ Share Your News Classifieds Autos Find Jobs in Michigan Real Estate Ads MediaNews Group Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertising Inquiry MediaNews Group Morning Sun Macomb Daily Daily Tribune Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration MediaNews Group Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2026 MediaNews Group Close