High Quality Live Streaming & Playback | Dolby OptiView NEW Meet us at ICE Barcelona | 5J40 Learn more Products Player Player Increase viewer retention and maximize monetization with superior video playback experiences on any device – designed for developers, optimized for viewers. SDKS HTML5 / Tizen / webOS SDK Android / Fire TV SDK iOS / tvOS SDK Roku SDK React Native SDK Flutter SDK Player overview Open Video UI Supported Platforms Test your stream Advertising Advertising Enhance viewer experiences and grow ad revenue with precision-targeted, non-disruptive ads that increase fill and rendering rates while boosting viewer engagement. Stream on demand Smart Ads, Engaged Fans: The Future of Live Sports Streaming Get access now Advertising overview What is SGAI? Streaming Streaming Keep viewers engaged and increase revenue with live streaming for all latency needs, from ultra-low latency for real-time interactive events to scalable, slightly higher-latency streams for large broadcasts. Customer story Paddy Power Delivers Superior Live Sports Betting Experiences! Get access now Streaming overview Customer stories Demo now Player Increase viewer retention and maximize monetization with superior video playback experiences on any device – designed for developers, optimized for viewers. SDKS HTML5 / Tizen / webOS SDK Android / Fire TV SDK iOS / tvOS SDK Roku SDK React Native SDK Flutter SDK Player overview Open Video UI Supported Platforms Test your stream Advertising Enhance viewer experiences and grow ad revenue with precision-targeted, non-disruptive ads that increase fill and rendering rates while boosting viewer engagement. Stream on demand Smart Ads, Engaged Fans: The Future of Live Sports Streaming Get access now Advertising overview What is SGAI? Streaming Keep viewers engaged and increase revenue with live streaming for all latency needs, from ultra-low latency for real-time interactive events to scalable, slightly higher-latency streams for large broadcasts. Customer story Paddy Power Delivers Superior Live Sports Betting Experiences! Get access now Streaming overview Customer stories Demo now Solutions By Industry Live sports Interactive fan engagement Live sports betting iGaming: live casino Live auctions Customer Stories Explore Dolby-powered innovation  across industries. Explore now By Use Case Real-time streaming Cross-platform video playback Personalized advertising Customer Stories Explore Dolby-powered innovation  across industries. Explore now Plans Resources Report: Unlocking ad revenue in live sports streaming Download now Blog Developer documentation Demos Interactive multi-viewer demo Real-time streaming demo Test your stream demo Customer stories Log in THEOlive Millicast THEOplayer Contact Us Make every moment count with Dolby OptiView More than just streaming. Dolby OptiView brings immersive, interactive, and personalized experiences that boost viewer engagement and drive revenue. TALK TO AN EXPERT How the NFL delivers a great video experience The NFL is the world’s premier professional football league, captivating millions of fans worldwide. This video reveals how the NFL uses Dolby OptiView to deliver an exceptional NFL+ live streaming experience on any device. Learn more about the league’s innovative strategies for seamless video playback and real-time monitoring, ensuring every fan enjoys game-day excitement, anywhere. Watch the video to learn more! Our product solutions at a glance Dolby OptiView Player Increase viewer retention and maximize monetization with superior video playback experiences on any device – designed for developers, optimized for viewers. Learn More Player Dolby OptiView Streaming Keep viewers engaged and increase revenue with live streaming for all latency needs, from ultra-low latency for real-time, interactive events to scalable, slightly higher-latency streams for large broadcasts. Learn More Streaming Dolby OptiView Ads Enhance viewer experiences and grow ad revenue with precision-targeted, non-disruptive ads that increase fill and rendering rates while boosting viewer engagement. Learn More Advertising Player Streaming Advertising We wanted a video player partner whose core focus is on the player and all the technology around that. This way we can focus on the things that are core to us, like creating the best home of football and the best fan experience. Michael Blanchard Director of Platform Engineering at the NFL Dolby OptiView Player has excellent cross-platform compatibility. I trust your expertise in video delivery and really appreciate the Dolby innovations to further enhance viewer Quality of Experience. It’s a relief for our team to rely on Dolby OptiView Player for these improvements without having to worry about it ourselves. Patrick Carroll Managing Director of Technologies Dolby is an essential pillar in delivering a top-quality product to our clients and has therefore played an important role in our business success and results. Michael Pederson CCO at Livespins My favorite thing about Dolby real-time streaming is that it’s very fast. It not only gives us a lot more control on the configurations but also provides comprehensive real-time viewer metrics Dennis Dovale Head of Broadcast & Media Technology Driving engagement and revenue: popular use cases Live Sports Sports Betting iGaming Live Sports Live Sports Sports Betting iGaming Make your viewers feel every play with interactive and personalized streaming experiences. Transform passive viewers into active fans and unlock new monetization opportunities. Read more Drive handle and bring the ultimate thrill and excitement for sports bettors with real-time streaming experiences that maximize fan engagement and extend the betting window. Read more Captivate your players and build lasting loyalty with real-time streaming experiences that engage players and boost revenue. Read more Get started today with Dolby Transform every moment into an unforgettable experience and captivate your audience like never before with immersive streaming. Contact us Contact us Explore plans Dolby is powering the next generation of immersive, interactive, and social experiences with real-time engagement. Keep a good thing going Get the latest news, events, and product updates from the Dolby OptiView team. Products Player Advertising Streaming INDUSTRIES Live sports Live sports betting iGaming: live casino Live auctions Interactive fan engagement company Blog Plans Customer stories Careers Newsroom Dolby.com getting started Contact us Documentation Customer support © 2025 Dolby OptiView Policies and Terms | Sitemap Copy link Copy Copied Powered by Social Snap