The Odyssey Online Odyssey Powered by RebelMouse Currently Swoon Lifestyle Health & Wellness Student Life Content Inspiration Entertainment Politics and Activism Sports Adulting About us Terms Privacy DMCA Contact us ® 2025  ODYSSEY Welcome back Sign in to comment to your favorite stories, participate in your community and interact with your friends Forgot your password? Log in or LOG IN WITH FACEBOOK No account? Create one Start writing a post Featured AI music threatens creativity The Soul of Sound: How AI Challenges Human Expression in Music Ivan Nikolic 29 October 354901 StableDiffusion In an age where artificial intelligence can mimic the voice of Freddie Mercury or reimagine pop hits as synthwave ballads, a new frontier has emerged — one that blurs the line between innovation and erosion. While AI offers undeniable benefits in technical domains, its intrusion into creative arts, especially music, raises urgent questions. Not just about copyright, but about culture, education , and the very soul of artistic expression. Keep Reading... Show less ai generated music Halloween costume idas Because your bank account is scary enough already. Ivan Nikolic 28 October featured 842 3. Sleep-Deprived College Student Let’s be real: Halloween always sneaks up on us. One minute it’s syllabus week, the next you’re three midterms deep, and suddenly it’s October 30th and your group chat is blowing up with “What are you wearing tomorrow??” Meanwhile, your wallet is emptier than your fridge after a night out. But fear not, fellow broke college student. You don’t need a Spirit Halloween haul or a sewing machine to pull off a costume that’s clever, cute, and Insta-worthy. Here are some last-minute, low-effort, no-budget costume ideas that’ll save your spooky season. Keep Reading... Show less halloween costumes Entertainment Every Girl Needs To Listen To 'She Used To Be Mine' By Sara Bareilles These powerful lyrics remind us how much good is inside each of us and that sometimes we are too blinded by our imperfections to see the other side of the coin, to see all of that good. Emma Enebak 01 April Miami University 690723 The song was sent to me late in the middle of the night. I was still awake enough to plug in my headphones and listen to it immediately. I always did this when my best friend sent me songs, never wasting a moment . She had sent a message with this one too, telling me it reminded her so much of both of us and what we have each been through in the past couple of months. Keep Reading... Show less music Subscribe to Our Newsletter Write your email... Subscribe Why Your Astrological Sign May Not Match Your Personality We are all more than just one sign. Nina Schlosberg 31 March SUNY Plattsburgh 606003 What's your sign? It's one of the first questions some of us are asked when approached by someone in a bar, at a party or even when having lunch with some of our friends. Astrology, for centuries, has been one of the largest phenomenons out there. There's a reason why many magazines and newspapers have a horoscope page, and there's also a reason why almost every bookstore or library has a section dedicated completely to astrology. Many of us could just be curious about why some of us act differently than others and whom we will get along with best, and others may just want to see if their sign does, in fact, match their personality. Keep Reading... Show less astrology Lifestyle Being A Ray Of Sunshine In A World Full of Darkness Isn't Easy, But It's Rewarding I choose to bring positivity into both my own life and others, instead of succumbing to the negativing in the world. Kaitlyn McQueen 31 March Michigan State University 2007 pexels.com Let's face it, the world is not always filled with sunshine and rainbows, and our lives aren't always either. Our lives can be filled with dark storm clouds, and it can seem like our entire world is filled with them. But for me, I've always tried to be a ray of sunshine that peaks through those dark clouds. I don't try to just bring light into my own life, but I try to bring light into the lives of others, too. It's never easy to be that ray of sunshine, but I do it anyway. Keep Reading... Show less sunshine Entertainment 20 Song Lyrics To Put A Spring Into Your Instagram Captions "On an island in the sun, We'll be playing and having fun" Carter Bowman 31 March UNC Greensboro 589423 Photo by Spencer Imbrock on Unsplash Whenever I post a picture to Instagram, it takes me so long to come up with a caption. I want to be funny, clever, cute and direct all at the same time. It can be frustrating! So I just look for some online. I really like to find a song lyric that goes with my picture, I just feel like it gives the picture a certain vibe. Here's a list of song lyrics that can go with any picture you want to post! Keep Reading... Show less spring The Importance Of Being A Good Person An open letter to the good-hearted people. Anthony Tartaglia 28 March Sacred Heart University 875946 WP content Being a good person does not depend on your religion or status in life, your race or skin color , political views or culture. It depends on how good you treat others. We are all born to do something great. Whether that be to grow up and become a doctor and save the lives of thousands of people, run a marathon, win the Noble Peace Prize, or be the greatest mother or father for your own future children one day. Regardless, we are all born with a purpose. But in between birth and death lies a path that life paves for us; a path that we must fill with something that gives our lives meaning. Keep Reading... Show less good person Health and Wellness 10 Hygiene Tips For All College Athletes College athletes, it's time we talk about sports hygiene. cierra_ 24 March Eastern Michigan University 534109 Unsplash I got a request to talk about college athletes hygiene so here it is. College athletes, I get it, you are busy! From class, to morning workouts, to study table, to practice, and more. But that does not excuse the fact that your hygiene comes first! Here are some tips when it comes to taking care of your self. Keep Reading... Show less hygiene tips 11 Texts You NEED From Mom When The College Stress Hits What would I do without my mom? Jenna Pizzi 24 March National Writers Society 134449 Jenna Pizzi There is always a time in the semester when you have about three papers, four tests, five assignments and two projects due within the same time period. Isn't that just the best ? It's almost as if the professors all plot against you just to make college even more stressful than it already is. No matter how many people try to make you feel better, no one ever compares to your mom. Moms always know exactly what to say . Keep Reading... Show less 7 Jobs Your Roommate Has She's got your back with everything that college throws at you. Nicole Pippo 23 March SUNY Oneonta 61106 If you are anything like my roommate and I, you have a friendship with your roomie. You’re lucky to have gotten a roommate that is easy to get along with and more importantly cool to live with. Whether you found her on Facebook or went random, a roommate is a big part of life in college. This list goes through some of the jobs that a roommate has that help you get through college. Keep Reading... Show less roommates Student Life 35 Things I Wish I Learned In My Freshman Year Of College Just some relatable college student advice! Yes, you aren’t the only one! Arielle Lewis 23 March Towson University 55607 YouTube Freshman year can either be the greatest year, or the roughest year. It depends on your transition and how you adjust. For me, freshman year in college was one of the best years of my life. However, looking back, there are a few things that I wish I learned. Now that I am a sophomore, I can finally do things a little differently. Here are a few things that I wish I learned my freshman year of college! Keep Reading... Show less freshman year Relationships 7 Reasons Why I'm Still Single It's partly by choice. Jordan Steinmeyer 23 March University of South Carolina-Aiken 35423 Being single can be great and awful at the same time. Yeah, it's awesome to have time to yourself to figure out who you are and make your own decisions. It would also be nice to have someone to go through life with, but it needs to be the right person. I haven't found that person yet and here's a few reasons why. Keep Reading... Show less single life Entertainment 15 Times "Parks and Recreation" Summed Up Your Library Experience "I've only slept nine hours over the past four days, so I'm right on the verge of a nervous breakdown." - Leslie Knope Molly Hovden 17 March University of Iowa 33045 The library. Club lib. The place every college student goes when they want to try and be a productive member of society. Who better to explain your experience than Parks and Rec? 1. When you've finally found the energy to leave your dorm room and walk into the lib like Keep Reading... Show less parks and recreation Join Odyssey Odyssey's mission is to affect positive social change by inviting people to share their perspectives, sharpen their opinions, and participate in meaningful conversations with others surrounding the topics they care about most. Sign Up Entertainment The Struggles Of Having A Resting Witch Face Taylor Cowheard 8 Easy Ways to Get Involved in College Abby Monteil A Few Thoughts Every College Freshman Has Courtney Jones Facebook Comments Odyssey currently LIFESTYLE HEALTH & WELLNESS STUDENT LIFE ENTERTAINMENT POLITICS AND ACTIVISM SPORTS ADULTING SOCIAL IMPACT About us Terms Privacy DMCA Contact us ® 2025 ODYSSEY Sign in Welcome back Sign in to comment to your favorite stories, participate in your community and interact with your friends Forgot your password? Log in or LOG IN WITH FACEBOOK No account? Create one