The Ordinary | Clinical Formulations with Integrity Your gift card details Sign in Sign in to your member account for a faster checkout.
                    Or create an account here . Email Password Keep me logged in Reset password Sign in By signing in, you agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge the Privacy Policy . California consumers, see our Notice of Financial Incentives . Skip to main content Skip to footer content Previous Free shipping on orders over 60,000 KRW Carbon neutral shipping on all orders. Get the latest status on your order using our Live Chat! :-) Next Open search form Login Login Sign in Create Account Contact Us Track Order South Korea NEW! Log in right from this menu! Got it! 0 The Ordinary Niod Loopha Deciem Close Open search form Login 0 Bestsellers New & Featured New & Featured New Releases Bestsellers Gifts New All Gifts Gift Sets Gift Cards Your Lips Have Chemistry. PHA 5% Lip Exfoliating Serum. Fond Farewell Shop All Products Your Lips Have Chemistry. PHA 5% Lip Exfoliating Serum. New Releases Bestsellers Fond Farewell Shop All Products Gifts All Gifts Gift Sets Gift Cards Your Lips Have Chemistry. PHA 5% Lip Exfoliating Serum. Skincare Skincare Shop by Concern Signs of Aging Uneven Skin Tone Signs of Congestion Textural Irregularities Dryness & Dehydration Eye Care Look of Redness Dullness Barrier Support Sensitive Skin Visible Shine Antioxidant Support Shop All Skincare Let us fill you in. New: Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Shop by Step Step 1: Prep Facial Cleansers Toners & Essences Step 2: Treat Eye Serums Exfoliators Face Masques & Treatments Serums Face Oils Step 3: Seal Moisturizers Let us fill you in. New: Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Shop by Ingredients Retinoids Vitamin C Direct Acids Salicylic Acid Niacinamide Hyaluronic Acid Peptides Copper Peptides Antioxidants Squalane Multi-Active Let us fill you in. New: Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Shop All Skincare Let us fill you in. New: Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Shop All Skincare Shop by Concern Signs of Aging Uneven Skin Tone Signs of Congestion Textural Irregularities Dryness & Dehydration Eye Care Look of Redness Dullness Barrier Support Sensitive Skin Visible Shine Antioxidant Support Shop All Skincare Shop by Step Step 1: Prep Facial Cleansers Toners & Essences Step 2: Treat Eye Serums Exfoliators Face Masques & Treatments Serums Face Oils Step 3: Seal Moisturizers Shop by Ingredients Retinoids Vitamin C Direct Acids Salicylic Acid Niacinamide Hyaluronic Acid Peptides Copper Peptides Antioxidants Squalane Multi-Active Let us fill you in. New: Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Body + Hair Body + Hair Body Care Hair & Scalp Solutions Lash & Brow Treatments Lip Care Shop All Body + Hair Give Body Its Face Time Ingredient-first formulations. Now for your body’s skin. Body Care Hair & Scalp Solutions Lash & Brow Treatments Lip Care Shop All Body + Hair Give Body Its Face Time Ingredient-first formulations. Now for your body’s skin. Sets & Collections The O. Library The O. Library The O. Blog Regimen Guide Ingredient Glossary Layering Guide A Beginner's Guide to The Ordinary New to The Ordinary? Discover Easy Regimens for Your Skin. The O. Blog Regimen Guide Ingredient Glossary Layering Guide A Beginner's Guide to The Ordinary New to The Ordinary? Discover Easy Regimens for Your Skin. The Periodic Fable Build My Regimen Sign in Create Account Contact Us Track Order South Korea Visit The Ordinary Visit Niod Visit Loopha Visit Deciem Promotion Details Promotional Terms & Conditions Slowvember Promotions For Full Slowvember Terms and Conditions, please click here. The Ordinary - Choice of Natural Moisturizing Factors Moisturizer Gift with Purchase The Ordinary - The Anything Pouch Gift with Purchase The Ordinary - Mini Soothing & Barrier Support Serum Gift with Purchase The Ordinary - Mini Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (with Ceramides) Gift with Purchase The Ordinary - Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Contest NIOD - Choice of Photography Fluid Gift with Purchase NIOD - Modulating Glucosides Gift with Purchase NIOD - Multi-Molecular Hyaluronic Complex Gift with Purchase NIOD - Survival 0 Gift with Purchase Sitewide - Free Shipping Choice of Natural Moisturizing Factors (30ml) Gift with Purchase Natural Moisturizing Factors - 30ml gift with purchase (the “NMF Promotion”) is available on theordinary.com from 12:00am EST November 8, 2025 to 11:59pm EST November 14, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “NMF Promotion Period”). NMF Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. NIOD and Loopha are excluded from this NMF Promotion. Customers who purchase any The Ordinary product in a single transaction will receive their choice of one (1) of the following Natural Moisturizing Factors (30ml) products for free: Natural Moisturizing Factors + HA; Natural Moisturizing Factors + PhytoCeramides; OR Natural Moisturizing Factors + Beta Glucan (each, a “Gift”). Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the NMF Promotion Period, then this NMF Promotion ends. NMF Promotion is combinable with other offers, including DECIEM’s “Slowvember Promotion”. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. The Ordinary Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Contest NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. MAKING A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE OR OTHERWISE IMPACT YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING IN THIS CONTEST. 1. KEY DATES: The Ordinary Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% contest (the “ Contest ”) begins on 12:00:01 p.m. EST November 14th, 2025 and ends on November 21st , 2025 at 11:59:59 p.m. ET (the “ Contest Period ”). 2. ELIGIBILITY TO ENTER: The Contest is open only to residents Canada (excluding Quebec), the United States of America, England and Wales, countries within the European Union* and Australia (excluding the Australian Capital Territory) who: (i) have reached the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence at the time of entry; and (ii) have or obtain internet access. The Contest is not open to employees, representatives or agents (and those with whom such persons are living, whether related or not) of DECIEM of 15 Fraser Avenue, Toronto, ON (Canada) (the “ Sponsor ”), its associated and affiliated entities, prize suppliers, advertising/promotion agencies and any other individual(s), entity or entities involved in the development, production, implementation, administration or fulfillment of the Contest (collectively with the Sponsor, the “ Contest Parties ”). *European Union includes: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden. 3. AGREEMENT TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY RULES: By participating in this Contest, you are signifying that you have read and agree to be legally bound by these Official Rules and Regulations (the “ Rules ”). 4. INSTAGRAM NOT INVOLVED The Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram (the “ Social Platform ”). The Social Platform is hereby completely released of all liability by each entrant in this Contest. Any questions, comments or complaints regarding the Contest must be directed to the Sponsor and not to the Social Platform. You may only use one (1) Instagram Account to participate in this Contest. To be eligible to earn an Entry (each, an “ Entry ” and collectively, the “ Entries ”) in this Contest, your Instagram Account must be set in a manner that allows the Sponsor to publicly view your Entry Materials (as defined below in Rule 5). 5. HOW TO ENTER: At or near the beginning of the Contest Period, the Sponsor will make a Contest-related post (the “ Contest Post ”) on https://www.instagram.com/theordinary/ (the “ Channel ”). To enter, you must: (i) log into your Instagram account; (ii) “like” the Contest Post; (iii) and in the comment section, tag one (1) friend (the “ Entry Requirements ”). In addition to the Entry Requirements, you must be or become a “follower” of the Channel on Instagram (Note: you can un-follow at any time thirty (30) days after the Contest ends without impacting your chances of winning). When all required steps of the entry process are complete, you will automatically be eligible to earn a maximum of one (1) Entry in the Contest per person/account. To be eligible, all content and materials associated with your Entry (collectively, your “ Entry Materials ”) must: (i) be submitted and received in accordance with these Rules during the Contest Period; (ii) satisfy all Entry Requirements; (iii) be in accordance with these Rules, including, but not limited to, the specific Submission Requirements listed below in Rule 8; and (iv) be in accordance with the applicable terms, rules, policies and guidelines of the Social Platform (the “ Social Platform Rules ”) (all as determined by Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion). If at any time you wish to withdraw from the Contest your request should be made in writing to the Sponsor at 15 Fraser Avenue, Toronto, ON, M6K 1Y7 (Canada). 6. ENTRY CONDITIONS: If it is discovered by the Sponsor (using any evidence or other information made available to or otherwise discovered by the Sponsor) that any person has attempted to use multiple names, multiple identities, any automated, macro, script, robotic or other system(s) or program(s), and/or any other means not in keeping with the Sponsor’s interpretation of the letter and spirit of these Rules to enter or otherwise participate in or to disrupt this Contest; then they may be disqualified from the Contest in the sole and absolute discretion of the Sponsor. The Contest Parties, Meta Platforms, and each of their respective agents, employees, directors, successors, and assigns (collectively, the “ Released Parties ”) are not responsible for, and accept no liability whatsoever in relation to, any late, lost, misdirected, delayed, incomplete or incompatible Entries and/or Entry Materials (all of which are void). An Entry may be rejected if, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Sponsor,: (i) the Entry (including, but not limited to, any associated Entry Materials) is not submitted and received in accordance with these Rules during the Contest Period; and/or (ii) the Entry Materials accompanying the Entry are not in compliance with these Rules (including, but not limited to, the specific Submission Requirements listed below in Rule 8) (all as determined by Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion). 7. VERIFICATION: All Entries, Entry Materials and entrants are subject to verification at any time and for any reason. The Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to require proof of identity and/or eligibility (in a form acceptable to the Sponsor – including, without limitation, government issued photo identification): (i) for the purposes of verifying an individual’s eligibility to participate in this Contest; (ii) for the purposes of verifying the eligibility and/or legitimacy of any Entry, Entry Materials and/or other information entered (or purportedly entered) for the purposes of this Contest; and/or (iii) for any other reason the Sponsor deems necessary, in its sole and absolute discretion, for the purposes of administering this Contest in accordance with the Sponsor’s interpretation of the letter and spirit of these Rules. Failure to provide such proof to the complete satisfaction of the Sponsor within the timeline specified by the Sponsor may result in disqualification in the sole and absolute discretion of the Sponsor. The sole determinant of the time for the purposes of this Contest will be the official time-keeping device(s) of the Sponsor. 8. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: BY SUBMITTING AN ENTRY, YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTRY (AND EACH INDIVIDUAL COMPONENT THEREOF – INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ENTRY MATERIALS) COMPLIES WITH ALL CONDITIONS STATED IN THESE RULES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SPONSOR AND THE OTHER RELEASED PARTIES WILL BEAR NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER REGARDING: (I) THE USE OF YOUR ENTRY (OR ANY COMPONENT THEREOF – INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ENTRY MATERIALS); (II) PARTICIPATION IN ANY CONTEST-RELATED ACTIVITIES; (III) ANY USE, COLLECTION, STORAGE AND DISCLOSURE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION; AND/OR (IV) IF DECLARED THE WINNER, THE PRIZE (INCLUDING ANY USE OR MISUSE OF THE PRIZE). THE SPONSOR AND ALL OF THE OTHER RELEASED PARTIES SHALL BE HELD HARMLESS BY YOU IN THE EVENT IT IS DISCOVERED THAT YOU HAVE DEPARTED FROM OR NOT OTHERWISE FULLY COMPLIED WITH ANY OF THESE RULES AND/OR THE SOCIAL PLATFORM RULES (AS APPLICABLE). THIS RELEASE AND INDEMNITY SHALL CONTINUE IN FORCE FOLLOWING THE TERMINATION OF THE CONTEST AND/OR AWARDING OF ANY PRIZES. By participating in the Contest, where applicable, each entrant hereby warrants and represents that any Entry Materials they submit: are original to them and that the entrant has obtained all necessary rights in and to the Entry Materials for the purposes of entering such Entry Materials in the Contest; do not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; do not contain any reference to or likeness of any identifiable third parties, unless consent has been obtained from all such individuals and their parent/legal guardian if they are under the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence; will not give rise to any claims whatsoever, including, without limitation, claims of infringement, invasion of privacy or publicity, or infringe on any rights and/or interests of any third party; and are not defamatory, trade libelous, pornographic or obscene, and further that such Entry Materials will not contain, depict, include, discuss or involve, without limitation, any of the following: nudity; alcohol/drug consumption or smoking; explicit or graphic sexual activity, or sexual innuendo; crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups (including, without limitation, any competitors of Sponsor); content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behaviour or conduct; personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic); commercial messages, comparisons or solicitations for products or services other than products of Sponsor; any identifiable third party products, trade-marks, brands and/or logos, other than those of Sponsor (e.g. any clothing worn and/or products appearing in your Entry Materials must not contain any visible logos, trade-marks or other third party materials unless the appropriate consents have been obtained --- note: all identifiable third party products, trade-marks, brands and/or logos for which consent has not been obtained by the entrant must be blurred out so as to be unrecognizable); conduct or other activities in violation of these Rules; and/or any other materials that are or could be considered inappropriate, unsuitable or offensive, all as determined by the Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion. The Sponsor and/or its promotional agency or designated content moderator (the “ Reviewer ”) reserves the right to screen all Entry Materials. Any Entry Materials that the Reviewer deems, in its sole and absolute discretion, to violate the terms and conditions set forth in these Rules are subject to disqualification. The Reviewer reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion at any time and for any reason, to attempt to remove any Entry Materials (or any part thereof) and/or to request an entrant to modify, edit and/or re-submit their Entry Materials (or any part thereof) in order to help ensure that the Entry Materials comply with these Rules, or for any other reason. If such an action is necessary at any point during or after the Contest, then the Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take whatever action it deems necessary based on the circumstances – including, without limitation, disqualifying the Entry Materials (and therefore the corresponding Entry and/or the associated entrant) – to help ensure that the Contest is being conducted in accordance with the Sponsor’s interpretation of the letter and spirit of these Rules. 9. LICENSE: By entering the Contest and submitting an Entry, each entrant: (i) without limiting the applicable Social Platform Rules, as applicable, grants to the Sponsor, in perpetuity, a non-exclusive license to publish, display, reproduce, modify, edit or otherwise use their Entry Materials (and each component thereof), in whole or in part, for advertising or promoting the Contest or for any other reason; (ii) waives all moral rights in and to their Entry Materials (and each component thereof) in favour of the Sponsor (and anyone authorized by the Sponsor to use such Entry Materials); and (iii) agrees to release and hold harmless the Sponsor and all of the other Released Parties from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses arising from use of their Entry Materials (or any component thereof), including, without limitation, any claim based on publicity rights, defamation, invasion of privacy, copyright infringement, trade-mark infringement or any other intellectual property related or other cause of action whatsoever. 10. PRIZES: There will be a total of twenty (20) prizes (each a “ Prize ”) available to be won. The winners will be selected at random in accordance with these Rules. Prize: Each Prize to be won consists of the following: One (1) The Ordinary Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% The approximate value of each Prize: $30.00 CAD // $21.40 USD // £19.50 GBP // €23.60 EU // $37.20 ASD. Prize Conditions: Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following general conditions apply to each Prize: (i) Prize must be accepted as awarded and is not transferable, assignable and/or or convertible to cash (except as may be specifically permitted by Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion); (ii) no substitutions are permitted, except at Sponsor’s option; (iii) Sponsor reserves the right at any time to substitute the Prize or a component thereof for any reason with a prize or prize component(s) of equal or greater retail value, including, without limitation, but solely at the Sponsor’s discretion, a cash award, subject to the written directions of any regulatory authority, if applicable; and (iv) All taxes on the Prize or costs incurred for accepting the Prize are the winner's responsibility. 11. ELIGIBLE WINNER SELECTION PROCESS: Random draws of 20 Prizes will be conducted by Sponsor on or about November 24th, 2025 (the “ Selection Date ”) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada,from among all eligible Entries submitted and received in accordance with these Rules (the “ Draws ”). You do not need to be in attendance to be selected. The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible Entries submitted and received in accordance with these Rules. If required, and at the Sponsor’s sole discretion, the Sponsor reserves the right to change the Selection Date to a new date (the “ New Selection Date ”), provided however, that the Sponsor shall advertise the New Selection Date on the Contest webpage, Contest Post or a comparable online location/medium. 12. ELIGIBLE WINNER NOTIFICATION PROCESS: The Sponsor or its designated representative will make a minimum of two (2) attempt(s) to contact an eligible winner via direct message on the Social Platform within seven (7) business day(s) of the Selection Date. If an eligible winner cannot be contacted as outlined above, fails to respond to Sponsor’s contact within seven (7) days, or if there is a return of any notification as undeliverable; then they may, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Sponsor, be disqualified (and, if disqualified, will forfeit all rights to the applicable Prize) and the Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion and time permitting, to randomly select an alternate eligible entrant for the applicable Prize from among the remaining eligible Entries submitted and received in accordance with these Rules and with the procedures outlined in Rule 11 (in which case the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to such newly selected eligible winner). Following such notification, the Prize will be automatically shipped to the address provided by the eligible winner and will arrive approximately 10-15 business days after notification. All Prizes will be awarded, provided there are a sufficient number of Eligible Entries registered. If no Entrants are declared the winners in sixty (60) days following the initial draw, the Prizes could be cancelled in the Sponsors sole discretion. 13. ELIGIBLE WINNER CONFIRMATION PROCESS: NO ONE IS A WINNER UNLESS AND UNTIL THE SPONSOR OFFICIALLY CONFIRMS THEM AS A WINNER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE RULES. FOR CANADIAN RESIDENTS ONLY: BEFORE BEING DECLARED AS A CONFIRMED PRIZE WINNER, AN ELIGIBLE WINNER WHO IS A RESIDENT OF CANADA WILL BE REQUIRED TO CORRECTLY ANSWER A MATHEMATICAL SKILL-TESTING QUESTION WITHOUT MECHANICAL OR OTHER AID (WHICH MAY, IN THE SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION OF THE SPONSOR, BE ADMINISTERED ONLINE, BY EMAIL OR OTHER ELECTRONIC MEANS, BY TELEPHONE, OR IN THE SPONSOR’S RELEASE). By participating in the Contest and accepting a Prize, each eligible winner hereby: (i) confirms compliance with these Rules; (ii) acknowledges acceptance of the applicable Prize (as awarded); (iii) releases the Sponsor and all of the other Released Parties from any and all liability in connection with this Contest, their participation therein and/or the awarding and use/misuse of the Prize or any portion thereof; (iv) agrees to indemnify the Released Parties against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses arising from use of their Entry Materials or any portion(s) thereof; and (v) agrees to the publication, reproduction and/or other use of their name, city and jurisdiction of residence, voice, statements about the Contest and/or photograph or other likeness without further notice or compensation, in any publicity or advertisement carried out by or on behalf of the Sponsor in any manner whatsoever, including print, broadcast or the internet. IMPORTANT NOTE: The Sponsor may require, in its sole and absolute discretion, that an eligible winner sign and return the Sponsor’s Release prior to being confirmed as a Winner. If an eligible winner: (a) cannot accept (or is unwilling to accept) the applicable Prize (as awarded) for any reason; and/or (b) is determined to be in violation of these Rules (all as determined by the Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion); then they will be disqualified (and will forfeit all rights to the applicable Prize) and the Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion and time permitting, to randomly select an alternate eligible entrant for the applicable Prize from among the remaining eligible Entries submitted and received in accordance with these Rules in accordance with the procedures outlined in Rule 10 (in which case the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to such newly selected eligible winner). 14. GENERAL CONDITIONS: This Contest is subject to all applicable national, federal, provincial/territorial, state and municipal laws. The decisions of the Sponsor with respect to all aspects of this Contest are final and binding on all entrants without right of appeal. ANYONE DEEMED BY THE SPONSOR TO BE IN VIOLATION OF THE SPONSOR’S INTERPRETATION OF THE LETTER AND/OR SPIRIT OF THESE RULES FOR ANY REASON IS SUBJECT TO DISQUALIFICATION IN THE SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION OF THE SPONSOR AT ANY TIME. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Released Parties will not be liable for: (i) any failure of any website or any platform during the Contest; (ii) any technical malfunction or other problems of any nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, those relating to the telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, access providers, computer equipment or software; (iii) the failure of any Entry, Entry Materials and/or other information to be received, captured or recorded for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to, technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or at any website; (iv) any injury or damage to an entrant’s or any other person’s computer or other device related to or resulting from participating in the Contest; (v) anyone being incorrectly and/or mistakenly identified as a winner or eligible winner; and/or (vi) any combination of the above. This clause does not limit any non-excludable guarantees or warranties provided by consumer protection laws in your local jurisdiction. Standard data rates apply to participants who choose to participate in the Contest via a mobile/smart device. Please contact your service provider for pricing and service plan information and rates before mobile device participation. The Sponsor reserves the right to withdraw, amend or suspend this Contest (or to amend these Rules) in any way, in the event of any cause beyond the reasonable control of the Sponsor that interferes with the proper conduct of this Contest as contemplated by these Rules, including, without limitation, any error, problem, computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud or failure of any kind whatsoever, subject to the written directions of any regulatory authority, if applicable. Any attempt to undermine the legitimate operation of this Contest in any way (as determined by Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion) may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, the Sponsor reserves the right to seek remedies and damages to the fullest extent permitted by law. The Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, amend or suspend this Contest, or to amend these Rules, in any way without prior notice or obligation, in the event of any accident, printing, administrative, or other error of any kind, or for any other reason whatsoever, subject to the written directions of any regulatory authority, if applicable. The Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to administer an alternate test of skill as it deems appropriate based on the circumstances and/or to comply with applicable law. By entering this Contest, each entrant expressly consents to the Sponsor, its agents and/or representatives, storing, sharing and using the personal information submitted only for the purpose of administering the Contest and in accordance with Sponsor’s privacy policy ( https://theordinary.com/en-ca/privacy-policy.html ). This section does not limit any other consent(s) that an individual may provide the Sponsor or others in relation to the collection, use and/or disclosure of their personal information. The Sponsor reserves the right to adjust any of the dates, timeframes and/or other Contest mechanics stipulated in these Rules, to the extent deemed necessary by Sponsor, for purposes of verifying compliance by any entrant, Entry, Entry Materials and/or other information with these Rules, or as a result of any technical or other problems, or in light of any other circumstances which, in the opinion of the Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, affect the proper administration of the Contest as contemplated in these Rules, or for any other reason, subject to the written directions of any regulator authority, if applicable. In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of these Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Contest-related materials, point of sale, television, print or online advertising and/or any instructions or interpretations of these Rules given by any representative of the Sponsors, the terms and conditions of these Rules shall prevail, govern and control to the fullest extent permitted by law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Rules shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, these Rules shall otherwise remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with the terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Rules or the rights and obligations of participants, Sponsor or any of the other the Released Parties in connection with the Contest will be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. Consumers of England and Wales may bring an action in their home courts. For Contest results, send an email with the subject line of “Winners List – The Ordinary Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Contest” to social@deciem.com. Requests for the Winner’s List must be received by December 15th, 2025. The Ordinary Mini Soothing & Barrier Serum (15ml) Gift with Qualifying The Ordinary Purchase The Ordinary Mini Soothing & Barrier Serum (15ml) gift with purchase (the “Mini S&B Promotion”) is available with a Qualifying Purchase on theordinary.com from 12:00am EST November 15, 2025 to 11:59pm EST November 21, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “Mini S&B Promotion Period”). Mini S&B Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on The Ordinary products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive one (1) free The Ordinary Mini Soothing & Barrier Serum (15ml) (the “Gift”) Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $35CAD $25USD £20GBP $40AUD €20EUR ₩35,000KRW $200HKD $25USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the Mini S&B Promotion Period, then this Mini S&B Promotion ends. Mini S&B Promotion is combinable with other offers, including DECIEM’s “Slowvember Promotion”. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. The Ordinary Mini Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (with Ceramides) - 15ml Gift with Qualifying Purchase The Ordinary Mini Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 V2 Next Gen (15ml) gift with purchase (the “Mini HA Promotion”) is available with a Qualifying Purchase on theordinary.com from 12:00am EST November 22, 2025 to 11:59pm EST November 27, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “Mini HA Promotion Period”). Mini HA Promotion will be applied automatically in cart.. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on The Ordinary products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive one (1) free The Ordinary Mini Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 V2 Next Gen (15ml) (the “Gift”). Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $55CAD $50USD £35GBP $60AUD €40EUR ₩70,000KRW $375HKD $50USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the Mini HA Promotion Period, then Deciem, in its sole discretion, may (i) substitute the Gift with a gift of equivalent value, or (ii) elect that this Mini HA Promotion ends. Mini HA Promotion is combinable with other offers including DECIEM’s “Slowvember Promotion". DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. The Anything Pouch Gift with a Qualifying The Ordinary Purchase The Anything Pouch gift with purchase (the “Anything Pouch Promotion”) is available with a Qualifying Purchase on theordinary.com from 12:00am EST November 29, 2025 to 11:59pm EST December 7, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “Anything Pouch Promotion Period”). Anything Pouch Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on The Ordinary products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive one (1) free The Ordinary Anything Pouch (the “Gift”). Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $55CAD $50USD £35GBP $60AUD €40EUR ₩70,000KRW $375HKD $50USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the Anything Pouch Promotion Period, then DECIEM, in its sole discretion, may (i) substitute the Gift with a gift of equivalent value, or (ii) elect that this Anything Pouch Promotion ends. Anything Pouch Promotion is combinable with other offers including DECIEM’s “Slowvember Promotion”. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. NIOD: Choice of Photography Fluid (30ml) Gift with Qualifying NIOD Purchase NIOD Photography Fluid - 30ml gift with purchase (the “Photography Fluid Promotion”) is available on niod.com from 12:00am EST November 8, 2025 to 11:59pm EST November 14, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “Photography Fluid Promotion Period”). NPF Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on NIOD products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive their choice of one (1) NIOD Photography Fluid Opacity 8% - (30ml) OR one (1) NIOD Photography Fluid Opacity 12% - (30ml) for free (the “Gift”). Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $55CAD $50USD £35GBP $60AUD €40EUR ₩70,000KRW $375HKD $50USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the Photography Fluid Promotion Period, then this Photography Fluid Promotion ends. Photography Fluid Promotion is combinable with other offers, including DECIEM’s “Slowvember Promotion”. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. Modulating Glucosides (30ml) Gift with Qualifying NIOD Purchase NIOD Modulating Glucosides - 30ml gift with purchase (the “MG Promotion”) is available on niod.com from 12:00am EST November 15, 2025 to 11:59pm EST November 21, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “MG Promotion Period”). MG Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on NIOD products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive one (1) free NIOD Modulating Glucosides - 30ml (the “Gift”). Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $55CAD $50USD £35GBP $60AUD €40EUR ₩70,000KRW $375HKD $50USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the MG Promotion Period, then this MG Promotion ends. MG Promotion is combinable with other offers, including DECIEM’s Slowvember Promotion. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. NIOD: Multi-Molecular Hyaluronic Complex (MMHC2) -15 mL Qualifying NIOD Purchase NIOD MMHC2 - 15ml gift with purchase (the “MMHC Promotion”) is available on niod.com from 12:00am EST November 22, 2025 to 11:59pm EST November 27, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “MMHC Promotion Period”). MMHC Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on NIOD products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive one (1) free NIOD Multi-Molecular Hyaluronic Complex - 15ml (the “Gift”). Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $80CAD $60USD £45GBP $90AUD €50EUR ₩85,000KRW $470HKD $60USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the MMHC Promotion Period, then DECIEM, in its sole discretion, may (i) substitute the Gift with a gift of equivalent value, or (ii) elect that then this MMHC Promotion ends. MMHC Promotion is combinable with other offers, including DECIEM’s Slowvember Promotion. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. NIOD: Survival 0 (S0) - 30 mL Qualifying NIOD Purchase NIOD Survival 0 - 30ml gift with purchase (the “Survival 0 Promotion”) is available on niod.com from 12:00am EST November 29, 2025 to 11:59pm EST December 7, 2025 or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “Survival 0 Promotion Period”). Survival 0 Promotion will be applied automatically in cart. Customers who spend the minimum qualifying amount on NIOD products (before taxes and other charges) in the applicable currency set out below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will receive one (1) free NIOD Survival 0 - 30ml (the “Gift”). Qualifying Purchase Minimums: Canada United States United Kingdom Australia Europe South Korea Hong Kong All other countries $80CAD $60USD £45GBP $90AUD €50EUR ₩85,000KRW $470HKD $60USD Limit of one (1) Gift per transaction. The Gift is subject to stock availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the Survival 0 Promotion Period, then DECIEM, in its sole discretion, may (i) substitute the Gift with a gift of equivalent value, or (ii) elect that then this Survival 0 Promotion ends. Survival 0 Promotion is combinable with other offers, including DECIEM’s Slowvember Promotion. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. Free Shipping No Minimum – Select Countries Only The Free Shipping – No Minimum (the “Free Ship Promotion”) is available only on theordinary.com, niod.com and loopha.com  from 12:00am EST November 22, 2025 to 11:59pm EST December 7, 2025 (the “Free Ship Promotion Period”) in select countries ( see list below for “Eligible Countries” ). Promotion will be applied automatically at checkout on all qualifying purchases during the Free Ship Promotion Period. Free Ship Promotion is combinable with other offers including DECIEM’s “Slowvember Promotion”. Eligible Countries Canada, United States of America, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, Hong Kong, Macau, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, Greece, Croatia, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Latvia, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Slovenia, Slovakia, Andorra, Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Switzerland, Georgia, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Monaco, Moldova, Montenegro, Macedonia, Norway, Serbia, San Marino. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. NIOD - 20% off Set No. 1 The NIOD Set N.1 20% off discount offer (the “Offer”) is available to Eligible Customers purchasing The NIOD Set N.1 on NIOD.com from August 25th, 2025 12:00 AM EST to October 31st, 2025 11:59 PM EST or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores during store hours, while supplies last (the “Offer Period”)..Promotion discount will be applied automatically at checkout. The Offer is available to customers residing in countries that DECIEM is currently shipping to (“Elgiible Customers”). The NIOD Set N.1 contains the following DECIEM products: NIOD Low-Viscosity Cleaning Ester (LVCE); NIOD Fractionated Eye Contour Concentrate (FECC); NIOD Photography Fluid, Opacity 12% (PF 12%); and NIOD Multi-Molecular Hyaluronic Complex (MMHC2). For greater certainty, the Offer applies only to the NIOD Set N.1 and not to the individual products when purchased separately. Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives. Offer is not for commercial or resale purposes. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions.Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html ) and Shipping + Delivery Terms (which can be found at https://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery ) which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found at https://deciem.com/returns.html. All-Day Lash Hold. Lash Curl Finisher is a clear styling gel that sets curled lashes in place, coating each individual eyelash for lasting hold and natural definition. Shop Lash Curl Ready, Set, Gift. Give skin happiness this season, with gift-ready skincare sets. Shop Sets A Regimen Ready For Winter. Build a hydrating regimen that helps keep skin nourished as it adjusts to the changing season. Build Your Regimen Radiance, Restored. Reveal brighter, more even-looking skin this season with exfoliation that refines texture and targets dullness. Boost Brightness Bestsellers View All Bestseller Quick view Glycolic Acid 7% Exfoliating Toner Evens Texture & Tone, Radiance 100ml 240ml 100ml 240ml ₩11300 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Bestseller Quick view Multi-Peptide + Copper Peptides 1% Serum For Advanced Signs of Aging 30ml 30ml ₩48600 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Trending Quick view Volufiline 92% + Pal-Isoleucine 1% Targets Visible Volume Loss 15 mL 15 mL ₩32600 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Bestseller Quick view Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (with Ceramides) Plumps, Smooths 30ml 60ml 30ml 60ml ₩14200 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Trending Quick view GF 15% Solution Promotes Visible Regeneration 30ml 30ml ₩24600 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock O. Exclusive Quick view Serum Foundation Lightweight, Medium Coverage 30ml 30ml ₩9000 KRW Select shade Bestseller Quick view Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1% Oil Control, Brightens, Smooths 30ml 60ml 30ml 60ml ₩8700 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Trending Quick view Multi-Peptide Eye Serum Age Support, Dark Circles 15ml 15ml ₩38000 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Trending Quick view Natural Moisturizing Factors + PhytoCeramides Nourishes, Plumps 30ml 100ml 30ml 100ml ₩14700 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Bestseller Quick view Multi-Peptide + HA Serum For Early Signs of Aging 30ml 60ml 30ml 60ml ₩30200 KRW Add to Cart Out of Stock Common Concerns Not sure where to begin? Here are some common skin concerns. Aging Congestion Texture Eye Care Redness Dryness Meet Your Skin’s Match. Tell us your top skin concerns. We’ll recommend the formulations that can help. I am looking for product type Facial Cleansers Toners Eye Serums Exfoliators Serums Face Oils Moisturizers Face Masques null to target concern Antioxidant Support Barrier Support Dullness Crow's Feet Look of Redness Signs Of Aging Dryness Signs of Congestion Textural Irregularities Uneven Skin Tone Visible Shine null Get My Formulation Let Us Fill You In. Formulated with Volufiline, this serum targets volume loss for naturally plumper-looking skin. Try Volufiline Re-Hydrate Your Regimen. As temperatures drop, so does humidity. Boost your regimen’s moisture levels to combat the drying effects of colder weather. Build Your Regimen Check Out Some of Our Back-to-Basics Resources from the O. Library Read More Here Skincare Education How to Build a Regimen Skincare Education Layering Guide Skincare Education Retinoids 101 Skincare Education What is a Skin Toner? Meet Our Scientists. Grounded in Science. Driven by Purpose. Our aim is to empower our community with transparent information about the science behind our products, offering effective and accessible skincare solutions—without compromise on quality. Look Inside Our Lab Rita Silva Senior Manager, Science Communications and Brand Engagement Joe Basham Senior Manager, Science Communications and Partnership Engagement Bushra Yusuf Scientific Communications Associate Manager Ruth Jayme Research and Development, Principal Scientist Alejandro Saldarriaga Applied Research Principal Scientist Kinnari Patel Microbiology and Quality Control Director Carla O’Connor Clinical Research Director Be in the know. Subscribe to receive science-backed tips, access to special offers, and new innovations. Email Address Subscribe *By providing your email address you are agreeing to receive email communications from DECIEM Inc., its affiliates, brands (The Ordinary, NIOD, and LOoPHA) and/or marketing partners. This can be changed at any time. Please refer to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for more details or Contact Us . Company About Us The Ordinary DNA Join Us Manufacture information: DECIEM Eastside Our Commitments Accessibility Sustainability Change is the Journey Everything Is Chemicals Customer Care FAQ Disposal Instructions Return Policy Promotion Terms & Conditions Gift Cards Purchase Check Balance Contact Us Track Order Sign in Store Locator Location South Korea Change Language en select your location & language Close Americas Europe Asia & Oceania Africa Middle East Canada français English United States español English Barbados Brazil Cayman Islands Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands United Kingdom Ireland Portugal Netherlands Germany Deutsch English Spain español English France français English Italy italiano English Åland Islands Albania Andorra Armenia Austria Belgium Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Estonia Faroe Islands Finland Georgia Greece Hungary Iceland Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg North Macedonia Malta Moldova Monaco Montenegro Norway Poland Romania San Marino Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Sweden Switzerland Australia South Korea Azerbaijan Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Hong Kong SAR of China India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Macau SAR of China Malaysia Maldives Myanmar (Burma) New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Samoa Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan, China Thailand Vietnam Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cape Verde Congo - Kinshasa Côte d’Ivoire Ghana Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Seychelles South Africa Tanzania Zambia Zimbabwe Bahrain Egypt Iraq Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Morocco Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia Tunisia United Arab Emirates select location © DECIEM Beauty Group Inc. 2022. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Do not sell my personal information Cookies A DECIEM PROJECT. YOU ARE NOW SIGNED IN :) Continue Shopping View Account Page Previous Searches