TheoremReach - Monetization with Rewarded Surveys and Offers Publishers Rewarded Surveys Documentation Researchers Market Research Researcher Sign Up WizardBucks Documentation Publisher Sign up Earn today at WizardBucks! Take surveys, get paid, no waiting. Publishers Rewarded Surveys Generate revenue from your app Documentation Fast SDK and web integrations Researchers Market Research Connect with real audiences Researcher Sign Up Run your own surveys WizardBucks Documentation Publisher Sign up New Take Surveys at WizardBucks! Monetize with rewarded surveys, offers, and more Maximize your revenue on your app or website with additional opportunities. SURVEYS TAKEN (AND COUNTING) HAPPY USERS Over 50 COUNTRIES GLOBALLY How it works. TheoremReach connects millions of users to market research surveys, helping publishers monetize their apps and websites. It's a super smooth user flow that keeps on rewarding. Choose your survey We give users their choice of surveys to take based on length and rewards. Answer interesting questions Users fill out a short demographic questionnaire to get matched to the best surveys for them. Get matched Users are matched with the best surveys for them to take and enjoy! Improve User Experience Users can earn rewards by participating in optional surveys, creating a value exchange that feels fair and user-friendly. Choose your survey We give users their choice of surveys to take based on length and rewards. Answer interesting questions Users fill out a short demographic questionnaire to get matched to the best surveys for them. Get matched Users are matched with the best surveys for them to take and enjoy! Improve User Experience Users can earn rewards by participating in optional surveys, creating a value exchange that feels fair and user-friendly. TRUSTED BY MANY +200 million surveys completed. Thousands of delighted users. Mobile and web publishers around the globe trust TheoremReach to power their revenue stream "These surveys produce 10x to 20x the raw revenue we get from other poll vendors." PROVIDE YOUR USERS WITH A CHOICE Boost revenue & engagement? You bet. We enable our audience network made up of thousands of mobile apps and websites to connect real users to earn rewards in real-time for participating in market research. Additional earning opportunities Optional offers give users non-survey actions to earn. Support included We handle all user support on your behalf. Our support teams work around the clock to resolve all tickets! Improved engagement Rewarded surveys let users share their opinions, increasing engagement and preserving retention. Global fill With thousands of surveys available in over 50 countries, we’re ready to help you monetize your users wherever they are. Start earning revenue in your app today. Publisher Sign Up Solutions Publisher Sign Up Rewarded Surveys Market Research DIY Dashboard Resources SDK Documentation DIY Documentation Company About Careers Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Find Us At © 2025 TheoremReach Inc. · All Rights Reserved