The Best Hiking Trails, Camping, and Adventures Near You | The Outbound The Outbound works best with JavaScript enabled. Explore Stories Community Get the App Contribute My Saves Profile Account Settings Logout Sign in Admin 0 Notifications My Saves Profile Account Settings Invite Friends Logout Get outside. Move. Thrive. A new outdoor app designed to help you enjoy a better life outside Get started today Built for those who seek to connect with nature and move at their own pace, but without all the competition. Get outside & earn rewards! Unlock free prizes and discounts just for being active. Get started for free Warning, side effects of regular use may include: Better sleep Increased strength Reduced stress and anxiety Enhanced focus and creativity Download the app Set daily goals, track all of your outdoor activities, discover incredible local adventures, navigate new trails with confidence, and earn rewards. Start Exploring Whatever your flavor of adventure, we've got you covered Start your search Waterfall Hikes Comfortable Escapes Family Adventures Forest Hikes Hot Springs Camping Nearby Lake Hikes Dog Friendly Adventures Great Smoky Mountains Grand Canyon Zion Joshua Tree Olympic Grand Teton The 2026 Outer Banks Travel Guide is Now Here Discover trip-planning advice, complete listings for lodging and dining, and can’t-miss experiences. Learn More Popular spots These adventures have that special something More Wildwood Trail in Washington Park Portland, Oregon 5.0 7.63 mi
      / 1503 ft gain Take the train to Washington Park and hike through Hoyt Arboretum. This will bypass a few miles of Wildwood Trail, but you won't miss much.
In the arboretum, the trail twists and turns through the trees, will smaller trails jutting off to the sides, through other groups of trees (each trail is aptly named for the type of respective tree). Continue on Wildwood and eventually, you will cross Bur... Enchanted Rock & Little Rock Loop Crabapple, Texas 4.9 2.85 mi
      / 689 ft gain Once inside the park, you can't miss either parking lots that are surrounded by picnic tables and well marked signs pointing towards the trails. There are also some public restrooms and a truck with some snacks. Once geared up, head straight towards the Summit Trail and begin your adventure!
The trail is incredibly easy to follow - there are signs at every turn along the way. You are making yo... The Narrows, Zion NP Springdale, Utah 4.9 9.73 mi
      / 7671 ft gain Hiking the narrows in Zion National Park is one of my favorite hikes and something I return for almost every year, I can still remember my first visit as a kid. There's no other place like it in the National Park system and the stunning beauty of its towering walls and vibrant river make it a top destination for visitors to the park. 
Depending on the water level most of this hike is partially... Hollyridge Trail to the Hollywood Sign [Closed] Los Angeles, California 4.2 3.5 mi
      / 383 ft gain This trail is closed as is the Beachwood Gate which is used to access the Hollyridge Trail will be permanently closed on April 18th, 2017 due to a court order. Check out Hollywood Sign via Brush Canyon Trail for an available option. 
There are three ways to get to the Hollywood Sign. This route has the best views of the city and the sign on your way up.
The trailhead is at the end of Beachwoo... Sam Knob and Flat Laurel Creek Loop Canton, North Carolina 4.9 3.84 mi
      / 807 ft gain This is one of my favorite quick "getaway" loops in the Pisgah Ranger District. Turn onto Black Balsam Knob Road (Mile Marker 420 on the Blue Ridge Parkway) go until you reach a dead end and park at the parking lot. You'll see the Sam Knob trail to the right of the public bathrooms. From there, it's 1.8 miles to the summit of the 6050 foot Sam Knob.
I love setting up camp in the middle or clos... Three Sisters Falls Santa Ysabel, California 4.9 3.42 mi
      / 906 ft gain Three Sisters Falls is by far the best hike, for the most reward, that I've gone on in the close vicinity of San Diego. Only a short hour and a half drive from downtown San Diego, the hike offers all the draws of a National Park: remote wilderness, strenuous hiking, scenic mountain views, and amazing waterfalls. Hike to Three Sisters Falls during winter, and you won't be disappointed.
From the... Eaton Canyon to Idlehour Trail Camp Altadena, California 4.5 10.99 mi
      / 3291 ft gain Idlehour is nestled deep in the Angeles National Forest, so it feels like you're in the heart of some untapped wilderness instead of six miles away from a bustling metropolis. The trail camp is accessible by foot through a variety of locations, but the most popular route is through Eaton Canyon, and the best times to attempt this trip are in the Spring and Fall when the California sun isn't so ... La Jolla Cove San Diego, California 4.8 La Jolla Cove is one of the most photographed beaches in San Diego, located on the coast just south of Torrey Pines Natural Reserve. La Jolla Cove is also one of the best spots in San Diego for snorkeling and scuba diving. This calm cove is ecologically protected with many animals making their home here, including some bright orange garibaldi.  There is parking nearby at paid lots, meters, or e... Stargaze at Hubbard City Lakes Park Hubbard, Texas 4.5 Hubbard City Lakes Park is located about two miles south of the town center of Hubbard off of Highway 31. If you're heading south on 31 you'll make a right on to Country Road 3360 (and if you're heading north you'll make a left).  It will be a dirt road, but I took my VW wagon on it so most cars should be fine. The further along you get you'll encounter a couple dips, so heads up!As soon as you... Diamond Fork (Fifth Water) Hot Springs Utah County, Utah 4.4 4.63 mi
      / 663 ft gain When you hike out to Diamond Fork aka Fifth Water hot springs, get ready for an amazing experience! The lower fall is visible from the main pool. If you want to continue to go further up the creek, you will run into the second fall, which is the most photogenic of them all. There are also two pools en route to the second fall. If you choose to continue a bit further, you’ll run into the last wa... Fall Creek Falls Pikeville, Tennessee 4.7 2.76 mi
      / 781 ft gain Fall Creek Falls State Park is sprawled across the eastern top of the rugged Cumberland Plateau. The 20,000-acre park is one of the most scenic parks in the country and is the largest recreation area in the state of Tennessee. It is home to a 256-foot waterfall, cascades, gorges, 5 other waterfalls, campsites, cabins, and more than 34 miles of hiking trails.
You can park right at the Fall Cree... Saddle Mountain Trail Seaside, Oregon 4.7 4.59 mi
      / 1644 ft gain Saddle Mountain is a pretty stellar spot if you are looking for a beginner/intermediate hike with incredible views close to Portland. The trail is a 5.2 mile round trip trail  with an elevation gain of 1600 ft that starts at the Saddle Mountain Trailhead.
You can actually camp right at the trailhead if you want, camp sites cost around $10 per night. The actual trail is not too steep until you ... Mt. Washburn via South Trail Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming 4.7 7.02 mi
      / 1680 ft gain The parking lot for the Mt. Washburn Hike from Dunraven Pass trailhead is located about 5 miles north of Canyon Village along the Grand Loop Road. Since we wanted to reach the top of Mt. Washburn before sunrise, we began our hike 2 hours earlier. If you decide to attempt a sunrise hike, I highly recommend carrying either a flashlight, or even better, using a headlamp, and having bear spray read... Mount Sutro Open Space Reserve Loop San Francisco, California 4.4 2.14 mi
      / 617 ft gain The Mount Sutro Open Space hike is one of those gems that's just hiding in plain site. Most people live in San Francisco for years without ever knowing this hike even exists - which is totally fine with us. This 2+ mile loop is an easy, quick way to get back in touch with nature after a long day. As you'll see once you begin making your way towards to top, there are many different paths you can... Garden of Eden Swimming Hole Felton, California 3.8 1 mi
      / 217 ft gain The Garden of Eden swimming hole is located just off Route 9 in the Henry Cowell Redwoods and is a local gem. It features a long, wide beach that provides enough room even on the busier days and clear, refreshing water to cool off in. 
Park on the side of the road (arrive early to guarantee yourself a spot) and hike down the quick, steep trail to the water. The "Garden of Eden" swimming hole i... Hurricane Hill Port Angeles, Washington 4.9 3.13 mi
      / 689 ft gain To get to this hike you drive up to Hurricane Ridge in Olympic National Park. The drive up to Hurricane Ridge is on a winding road with amazing views of the mountains. Once you reach the visitors center at Hurricane Ridge you can fill up water bottles or use the restroom. The trailhead for Hurricane Hill is just a few minutes drive further down the road.
The hike up Hurricane Hill is a 3 mile ... We're a small team with a big dream. We believe that spending time in nature is essential to human health and happiness and we’re committed to building tools that help get everyone outside, moving, and thriving. Learn more United States & Canada Colorado New York California New Hampshire New Jersey Oregon Washington Arizona Massachusetts Nevada Alabama Alberta Maryland Tennessee Utah Kentucky British Columbia Maine South Carolina Wyoming Idaho Michigan Ohio Oklahoma Alaska Florida Georgia Missouri Montana North Carolina Pennsylvania Virginia Arkansas Hawaii Illinois Louisiana New Mexico Rhode Island Texas West Virginia Wisconsin Kansas Connecticut Indiana Minnesota Mississippi New South Wales North Dakota Northern Territory Nova Scotia Worldwide United States Canada Argentina New Zealand Panama Austria China Iceland Switzerland Philippines Australia British Virgin Islands Cambodia Colombia Ecuador Greece Guatemala Italy Japan Kenya Mexico Nepal Norway Peru Portugal Russia Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Tanzania Anguilla Discover Local Adventures Tours and trips Camping Nearby Stories Community Shop Club Membership Add your property Company About Jobs Advertise Press Contact Follow Us Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps © 2026 The Outbound Collective - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy