The Outline The Outline Culture Mar 20 The Saddening I recently discovered two things: a term from fabric dyeing about how to drain things of their vibrancy, and an old family letter. They are somewhat related. Culture Apr 03 Unfair trade Power Apr 02 An open letter to my dog, who won’t come out from under the couch Power Mar 30 There was always a way to pay for the programs we need The Future Apr 02 “We just intuit what they need”: A zookeeper describes caring for animals during the coronavirus outbreak Culture Apr 02 Hanging on the telephone Power Apr 01 The Australian scientist who got magnets stuck up his nose should inspire us all Read More Very online Well, at least there’s golf A Good Place : The alternate history of the C-SPAN archives We have already reached alarming levels of bad quarantine content Here are some happy websites to go to if you’re sick of reading articles about coronavirus The outside world is scary enough right now. The internet doesn’t have to be scary, too. RuPaul is fracking at the end of the world Coronavirus is causing some real code-red graphic design Must 10 recipes for non-bakers with flour and time on their hands Bada bing, bada boo: Everyone should rewatch ‘The Sopranos’ as horror My dad, the Joe Biden voter America doesn’t have a health care system How much would you spend to save your pet’s life? Reads The Future It shouldn’t take a pandemic for everyone to be less disgusting Wash your hands!! Read More Culture Now is not the time for talk of your protest vote Voting for someone you don’t want is like getting your flu shot — you do it for everyone else. Read More Power We are all quite literally becoming more myopic ‘First Cow’ is a beautiful movie about how we all get milked by the system Did Canada really abolish solitary confinement? I don’t feel positive about my body One nation under God, even if you don’t want to be Culture We will never find dignity in air travel When you’re the alleged architect of the CIA’s alleged torture program but you also non-allegedly love dogs Dear God, do I really game that much? gimme a break “Toad sings Chandelier” is the most memorable song of the year Power Canada is fake What Americans think of as their friendly neighbor to the north, if they think of it at all, is a scam. Read More Good advice AAFU: Should I end things with my much-younger partner? AAFU: Am I over my ex? AAFU: How can I stay friends with someone who rejected me? AAFU: I just found out my boyfriend is pro-life AAFU: I can’t tell if my wife is depressed or just lazy AAFU: I slept with my best friend’s boyfriend Culture I would love to date a man who can’t read Some of us are still trying to have some fun before we die and, I’m sorry, clever men are very rarely fun. Read More Culture How a small-town Canadian museum became a shrine to Justin Bieber Culture We should all read more Jenny Diski Culture I watched too many videos about cute pigs and now I want to stop eating them Power Who is the world’s No. 1 bad guy? Power How to be wrong Culture Working in the restaurant industry will haunt your dreams The Future If you could go to the moon for free, would you do it The Future I am beginning to suspect that having a massive following on YouTube does not make people happy Power “Queer” as in… what, exactly? The Future The 5G revolution that isn't Culture The building blocks of my sanity come from phone Tetris Power The history of Catholic teaching on abortion isn’t as clear cut as you think Culture This emperor has no clothes The Future For whom the ratio trolls About Legal Jobs Got A Tip? The Outline Recent Power Culture Future About Legal Jobs Got A Tip?