Paris Review - Writers, Quotes, Biography, Interviews, Artists Advertisement The Paris Review Subscribe Sign In Remember me Forgot password? Sign In Subscribe The Daily The Latest Columns The Quarterly Issues Interviews Fiction Poetry Letters & Essays Art & Photo graphy Authors Audio About History Opportunities Masthead Prizes Submissions Media Kit Bookstores Events Donate Donate to The Paris Review Institutional Support THE SPRING REVEL Employer Matching Gifts Newsletters Store The Paris Review The Daily The Latest Columns The Quarterly Issues Interviews Fiction Poetry Letters & Essays Art & Photography Authors Audio About History Opportunities Masthead Prizes Submissions Media Kit Bookstores Events Donate Donate to The Paris Review Institutional Support THE SPRING REVEL Employer Matching Gifts Newsletters Store Sign In Remember me Forgot password? Sign In Subscribe In the Current Issue A–Z By Gwendoline Riley On the Daily Dream Diary By J. D. Daniels In the Current Issue The Art of Criticism No. 7 By Hélène Cixous On the Daily Nobody Loves Anyone as Much as Adelaide Faith Loves Caveh Zahedi By Adelaide Faith and Caveh Zahedi See More Stories In the Current Issue Advertisement Sign Up for Our Newsletter Sign up for the Paris Review newsletter and keep up with news, parties, readings, and more. Advertisement Journal, 1969–1970 By Eve Babitz “It was making me desperate, thinking I was going to have to find a job. A job for Christ’s sake.” In the Current Issue, Issue 254 Letters & Essays Donate to The Paris Review By The Paris Review The Paris Review promotes the most exciting writers of the day and supports inquisitive readers the world over. Donate New Optic By Anya Berger December 18, 2025 “Weakening eyesight is irreversible and incurable. Thanks to modern optics you can live perfectly comfortably with it, and if you have contact lenses you can even completely disguise it. But you can never have strong young eyes again.” The Daily From the Archive The Junior Realtor By Alec Niedenthal “Comedy was a theatrical form Paul had never pursued; he had always been more serious, a tragedian.” In the Current Issue, Issue 254 Fiction The Art of Poetry No. 119 By Alice Oswald “You come at poetry with the momentum of having failed. It’s only when other communication is absolutely impossible that a poem has to exist.” In the Current Issue, Issue 254 Interviews Advertisement The New Way of Seeing: In Anya Berger’s Archives By Emily Foister December 18, 2025 "In an untitled fragment from the summer of 1974, after her separation from John, she begins: 'To live alone is, first and foremost, not to be seen. No interested eye observes you. You project no image. Unless it be to yourself.'” The Daily On History How I stole the outline of a deer By Alice Oswald “I swiveled my head then to find a deer / camouflaged by the leaves no longer there / ‘what should I do with someone’s silhouette?’ ” In the Current Issue, Issue 254 Poetry Good Tank Farms By Millicent Borges Accardi “They are like men because they are isolated / yet stand in the rain, surrounded by mounds / of dirt and asphalt to catch spillover—” From the Archive, Issue genre tbd Works on Paper By Joan Jonas This portfolio, curated by Jonas for the Review, collects drawings of her dogs, made across the past fifty years. In the Current Issue, Issue 254 Art & Photography Subscribe Support Contact Us Events Media Kit Submissions Masthead Prizes Bookstores Opportunities Video ©2025 The Paris Review. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions