Waterloo Region News - Daily Breaking News | The Record Skip to main content Log In -9° | Wednesday, Dec. 31 Play Now! $14M Site search Search Newsletters Today's paper Home Conestoga College Development Boom and Bust Record investigations Travel Ontario Weekly Quiz Local Waterloo Region Communities Cambridge Guelph New Hamburg Waterloo Crime Council Topics Indigenous Local Volunteer Opportunities News Politics Federal Politics Provincial Politics Political Opinion Ontario Ontario Regional News Ontario Communities News Canada British Columbia Alberta Quebec Nova Scotia World United States Americas Europe Asia Africa Australia Middle East Opinion Columnists Editorials Contributors Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Community Editorial Board We Want to Hear From You Life Local Autos Health Food and Drink Home and Garden Relationships Beauty and Fashion Travel Horoscopes Sports Local Rangers High School Hockey OHL Rangers Football CFL Sports Betting Basketball Baseball Golf Soccer Tennis Auto Racing Olympics and Paralympics Entertainment Local Events Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Fun & Games Weekly Quiz Business Local Real Estate Technology Personal Finance Obituaries Shopping and Services Readers' Choice Awards Retail Restaurants Services Activities Travel Sponsored Flyers Local Spotlight Marketplace -9° | Wednesday, Dec. 31 Play Now! $14M SALE: $1 for 6 months SALE: $1 for 6 months Newsletters Sign In Manage Profile Subscriptions Billing Information Saved Articles Followed Authors and Searches Newsletters Subscriber Perks Archives Sign out Site search Search Newsletters Today's Paper -9° Subscribe Now Subscribe Today Newsletters Sign In Manage Profile Subscriptions Billing Information Saved Articles Followed Authors and Searches Newsletters Subscriber Perks Archives Sign out Sign In Manage Profile Subscriptions Billing Information Saved Articles Followed Authors and Searches Newsletters Subscriber Perks Archives Sign out SALE: $1 for 6 months SALE: $1 for 6 months Newsletters Home Conestoga College Development Boom and Bust Record investigations Travel Ontario Weekly Quiz Local Waterloo Region Communities Cambridge Guelph New Hamburg Waterloo Crime Council Topics Indigenous Local Volunteer Opportunities News Politics Federal Politics Provincial Politics Political Opinion Ontario Ontario Regional News Ontario Communities News Canada British Columbia Alberta Quebec Nova Scotia World United States Americas Europe Asia Africa Australia Middle East Opinion Columnists Editorials Contributors Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Community Editorial Board We Want to Hear From You Life Local Autos Health Food and Drink Home and Garden Relationships Beauty and Fashion Travel Horoscopes Sports Local Rangers High School Hockey OHL Rangers Football CFL Sports Betting Basketball Baseball Golf Soccer Tennis Auto Racing Olympics and Paralympics Entertainment Local Events Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Fun & Games Weekly Quiz Business Local Real Estate Technology Personal Finance Obituaries Shopping and Services Readers' Choice Awards Retail Restaurants Services Activities Travel Sponsored Flyers Local Spotlight Marketplace Waterloo Region Record News - Breaking News Stories Weather Alert Yellow Warning - Snow Squall from WED 6:53 PM EST until THU 7:20 AM EST Weather Alert Prepare for quickly changing and deteriorating travel conditions.

Snow squalls tonight.

What:
Near zero visibility in snow and blowing snow at times.
Snowfall amounts of 5 to 10 cm.
Snowfall rates of 5 cm per hour.

When:
This evening and overnight.

Additional information:
Snow squalls have moved into the region and for some areas the squalls may remain through Thursday. Travel will be particularly hazardous.

For road conditions and other traveller information from the Ministry of Transportation, visit https://www.ontario.ca/511, https://www.twitter.com/511Ontario, or call 5-1-1.

###

Visibility may be suddenly reduced to near zero at times. Roads and walkways may be very difficult to navigate due to accumulating snow. Road closures are possible.

Please continue to monitor alerts and forecasts issued by Environment Canada. To report severe weather, send an email to ONstorm@ec.gc.ca or post reports on X using #ONStorm.

For more information about the alerting program, please visit: https://www.canada.ca/en/services/environment/weather/severeweather/weather-alerts/colour-coded-alerts. For more details about weather visit our Weather page. Waterloo Region Neighbours cry foul after Waterloo church proposes building 57 townhomes on its vacant land Christ Lutheran Church says its plan to add townhomes at Anndale and Lexington roads will help Waterloo move past its housing crisis. 11 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Tow truck operator dies after being struck in Wellington County Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region New flu strain hits Waterloo Region, breaking records for hospitalizations Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region Waterloo Region’s top stories of the year 15 hrs ago Comments Columnists Opinion A look at 2025 in Waterloo Region, from A to Z 15 hrs ago Waterloo Region UPDATED: Street parking bans lifted in Waterloo Region in time for New Year’s celebrations 4 hrs ago Waterloo Region Cambridge residents feel ‘forgotten’ as they struggle with icy side streets Dec 30, 2025 Waterloo Region ‘Do not be on the roads’: Police issue winter warning for drivers, citing unsafe road conditions Dec 29, 2025 Waterloo Region ‘The system is so broken’ Couple are caught in a housing-affordability crisis that shows no sign of easing The housing affordability crisis does not discriminate based on age. A married couple in their 60s are living in shelters and getting two meal… Dec 30, 2025 Comments Rangers Kitchener Rangers veteran Luke Ellinas out 4-6 months 22 hrs ago Comments Ontario Ontario’s new blue bin system starts tomorrow. Why some fear it will be a ‘disaster’ 4 hrs ago Comments Rangers The future is now for the Kitchener Rangers 22 hrs ago Comments Canada Increasing AI use in Canadian courtrooms carries risk of errors, penalties: lawyers 11 hrs ago Comments Rangers Kitchener Rangers reaping rewards from new additions 1 hr ago Comments Rangers New-look Kitchener Rangers can’t snap Sudbury curse 22 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Transport trucks stolen from North Dumfries Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region ‘I live and breathe on ChatGPT’: How AI is being used in Waterloo Region Dec 30, 2025 Comments New From the Record Gift the news this holiday season! Subscription offers for a limited time. GIFT NOW Opinion Contributors Opinion The Conservative Party needs to rethink its embrace of MAGA-style strategies 15 hrs ago Gwynne Dyer Is peace on Earth an illusion? 15 hrs ago Comments Contributors Opinion The six-seven meme was the best thing to happen in 2025 10 hrs ago Luisa D'Amato Heroes and zeroes in 2025 Dec 30, 2025 Comments Trending Waterloo Region Neighbours cry foul after Waterloo church proposes building 57 townhomes on its vacant land 11 hrs ago Comments Columnists Opinion A look at 2025 in Waterloo Region, from A to Z 15 hrs ago Comments Morning update The Record today: Snow squalls expected + Waterloo Region in 2025, from A to Z + Waterloo Region’s top stories of 2025 14 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Waterloo Region’s top stories of the year 15 hrs ago Comments Rangers New-look Kitchener Rangers can’t snap Sudbury curse 22 hrs ago Comments Ontario Ontario’s new blue bin system starts tomorrow. Why some fear it will be a ‘disaster’ 4 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Rangers New-look Kitchener Rangers can’t snap Sudbury curse 22 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Transport trucks stolen from North Dumfries Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region ‘I live and breathe on ChatGPT’: How AI is being used in Waterloo Region From AI systems created by businesses to utilize Shopify, to interior design professionals using it to help build 3D models, businesses all ov… Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region ‘I never felt any fear,’ retired judge says of call for more police at Kitchener courthouse Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region Waterloo dancer Julie Karn loves working for The Weeknd Dec 30, 2025 Comments Rangers Kitchener Rangers give Brampton rights to Valentini in exchange for forward Chiarot Rangers send rights to Adam Valentini and eight draft picks to Steelheads Dec 30, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region Power outage map errors cause overnight distress for Kitchener grandfather Dec 29, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region ‘Chills up and down my body’: Cambridge man wins $197K Lotto Max prize Dec 29, 2025 Comments Waterloo Region Wintry weather closes several roads in Waterloo Region Dec 29, 2025 Comments Communities News Rangers Kitchener Rangers reaping rewards from new additions Forwards Dylan Edwards and Gabriel Chiarot add punch, hustle and lengthen lineup 1 hr ago Comments Columnists Opinion A look at 2025 in Waterloo Region, from A to Z 15 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Waterloo Region’s top stories of the year 15 hrs ago Comments Waterloo Region Neighbours cry foul after Waterloo church proposes building 57 townhomes on its vacant land 11 hrs ago Comments News 2025 in review: Reporter Joy Struthers reflects on her stories 7 hrs ago Comments Rangers New-look Kitchener Rangers can’t snap Sudbury curse 22 hrs ago Comments Local Retailers New  Shopping and Services section Are you looking for local shopping, services, entertainment, dining and more? Visit our new Shopping and Services section. Go to Shopping and services More from The Record & Partners Politics Provincial Politics Ontario’s Solicitor General urges Toronto police to do more to combat hate-motivated offences 2 hrs ago Comments Business Jobs, economy top voters’ priorities at the end of a turbulent 2025: Nanos poll 5 hrs ago Comments Provincial Politics Ontario set to designate ‘special economic zones’ in the New Year to fast-track development in Trump trade war 4 hrs ago Comments Ontario Ontario’s new blue bin system starts tomorrow. Why some fear it will be a ‘disaster’ 4 hrs ago Comments Canada N.S. premier ran on taxes and health care, but pivoted in 2025 to focus on energy 17 hrs ago Comments Business Five things to watch in Canadian business for 2026 17 hrs ago Comments Canada Canada 2025 IN REVIEW: Cannabis, restitution, Hunters Mountain among Indigenous stories of the year 53 mins ago Comments Canada Trail of Hope: Hundreds attend Potlotek light up event 1 hr ago Comments Canada Seven Canadians injured in Machu Picchu train crash 23 mins ago Comments Ontario Two dead, one injured in head-on collision near Brockville, Ont. 1 hr ago Comments Canada Glengarry’s Horticultural Societies bloom with community spirit 3 hrs ago Comments Canada Glengarry’s Horticultural Societies bloom with community spirit 3 hrs ago Comments World United States Chief Justice says Constitution remains ‘firm and unshaken’ with major Supreme Court rulings ahead 2 hrs ago Comments United States US military strikes three more alleged drug boats, killing 3 and possibly leaving survivors 3 hrs ago Comments United States Trump administration terminates lease for Washington’s 3 public golf courses 4 hrs ago Comments United States Capitol riot ‘does not happen’ without Trump, Jack Smith told Congress 2 hrs ago Comments United States Prominent California farmer pleads not guilty to killing estranged wife in Arizona 4 hrs ago Comments United States Trump says he’s dropping push for National Guard in Chicago, LA and Portland, Oregon, for now 53 mins ago Comments Local Service Businesses New  Shopping and Services  section Are you looking for local shopping, services, entertainment, dining and more? Visit our new Shopping and Services section. Go to Shopping and services Business Canada Crews working to fix power outage affecting thousands on Manitoba First Nation 4 hrs ago Comments Business Explainer Enforcement of Canada’s grocery code of conduct starts tomorrow. Here’s what it means for you 3 hrs ago Comments Business Jobs, economy top voters’ priorities at the end of a turbulent 2025: Nanos poll 5 hrs ago Comments Provincial Politics Ontario set to designate ‘special economic zones’ in the New Year to fast-track development in Trump trade war 4 hrs ago Comments Business Why is some fruit sold by the pound, and others by the piece? The answer may make your trips to the grocery store a little more puzzling 16 hrs ago Comments Canada N.S. premier ran on taxes and health care, but pivoted in 2025 to focus on energy 17 hrs ago Comments Entertainment Entertainment English actors Tom Hiddleston and Zawe Ashton welcome their second child NEW YORK (AP) — English actors Tom Hiddleston and Zawe Ashton have welcomed their second child. 8 hrs ago Comments Canada Maritime musician Joel Plaskett among 2025 Order of Nova Scotia recipients 9 hrs ago Comments Entertainment Nardwuar becomes first ‘human serviette’ appointed to Order of Canada 9 hrs ago Comments Entertainment Isiah Whitlock Jr., actor from ‘The Wire,’ ‘Veep’ and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 23 hrs ago Comments Life Life Betty Boop and ‘Blondie’ enter the public domain in 2026, accompanied by a trio of detectives 4 hrs ago Comments Life New Year’s Day: What’s open? Retailers. What’s closed? Government and banks 53 mins ago Comments Life These are the best plug-in hybrids for under $55,000 13 hrs ago Comments Horoscope Horoscope for Wednesday, Dec. 31st 2025 2 hrs ago Comments Life Hong Kong greets 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades 7 hrs ago Comments Life In a breakneck digital era, the ancient art of Peking opera works hard to keep flourishing 17 hrs ago Comments Sports Hockey Opinion Canadian Olympic men’s hockey team is stacked. But the biggest roster question still remains 2 hrs ago Comments Rangers Kitchener Rangers reaping rewards from new additions 1 hr ago Comments Hockey Maple Leafs vs. Devils: A team effort and a red-hot Joseph Woll outweigh rash of new injuries 21 hrs ago Comments Rangers New-look Kitchener Rangers can’t snap Sudbury curse 22 hrs ago Comments Hockey Maple Leafs captain Auston Matthews the latest to be ruled out vs. Devils as injuries mount 22 hrs ago Comments Basketball Raptors turn focus to Jamal Murray with Nikola Jokic out at least a month Dec 30, 2025 Comments The Kit Fashion Beauty And Fashion The best gift cards — that never feel like an afterthought Dec 13, 2025 Comments Life Meet the Indigenous women behind Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum’s ‘most stylish’ looks Dec 12, 2025 Comments Beauty And Fashion Shop local this holiday with made-in-Canada gifts your family and friends will rave about Nov 29, 2025 Comments Autos Autos He still owns his first car, which he bought 53 years ago, when he was 19 and there’s a sweet story behind it Dec 27, 2025 Comments Autos This Honda Civic Hybrid feels great to drive and saves a lot of money on fuel. So what’s the hitch? Dec 27, 2025 Comments Autos At Japan’s Mobility Show, the gorgeous Lexus Sport Concept looks as though it’s for real. Will we be getting it? Dec 20, 2025 Comments Real Estate News Ontario ‘doll house’ listing gets a refresh, plus more unique properties in Canada Dec 28, 2025 Comments Real Estate Inside the $11M ‘most famous house in Mississauga,’ featured in the TV show ‘Suits’ Dec 27, 2025 Comments Real Estate These are the 5 most expensive homes for sale in Toronto this December Dec 24, 2025 Comments MORNING RECORD Get our free morning newsletter Error! There was an error processing your request. There was a problem with the recaptcha. Please try again. Please enter a valid email address. Sign Up Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Record. You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. MORNING RECORD You're signed up! You'll start getting Morning Record in your inbox soon. Want more of the latest from us? Sign up for more at our newsletter page . You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. EMAIL NEWS ALERTS When big news breaks, don’t miss it with our free alerts Error! There was an error processing your request. There was a problem with the recaptcha. Please try again. Please enter a valid email address. Sign Up Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Record. You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. EMAIL NEWS ALERTS You're signed up! You'll start getting new alerts in your inbox soon. Want more of the latest from us? Sign up for more at our newsletter page . You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. ONTARIO NOW: SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE Get the news you need to know from across the province, expertly curated and delivered directly to your inbox. Error! There was an error processing your request. There was a problem with the recaptcha. Please try again. Please enter a valid email address. Sign Up Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Record. You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. ONTARIO NOW You're signed up! You'll start getting Ontario Now in your inbox soon. Want more of the latest from us? Sign up for more at our newsletter page . You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. The Record About Us Accountability Join our Team Contact Us Community Archives Subscriber Perks Print Editions GlobeNewswire Helpful Links Manage my Digital Subscription Manage my Home Delivery Subscription Digital Subscriptions FAQs Sitemap Removal request Submit letter or feedback Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Standards Advertising Terms Post an Obituary Post a Classified ad Special Features Become a Customer Subscribe to The Record Home Delivery Offers Sign Up for Newsletters Purchase a Gift Subscription Group Subscriptions × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Metroland Media Group | Privacy Policy | Terms of use | Subscription Terms | Accessibility 100% Canadian Owned. © Copyright 2025 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved 8 Spadina Avenue, Suite 10A, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8