The royal society for arts, manufactures and commerce - The RSA Skip to content Donate RSA Journal+ My RSA Search The RSA Search Close search About Back About The RSA About us What we do Our people Work with us Contact us RSA House The Coffee House & library Muse at RSA House Venue hire Accessibility Muse at RSA House What's on Back What's on Events and more Find an event Event FAQs Exhibitions at the house At the house The New Black Film Collective: DSA Screenings Public talks Our work Back Our work Design for Life Our mission Capabilities for Life Prosperous Places Social Infrastructure Interventions Our work All Design for Life interventions Past projects Fellowship Awards and grants Albert Medal Bicentenary Medal Pupil Design Awards Student Design Awards Royal Designers for Industry Become a Fellow and contribute Latest thinking Back Latest thinking Research and articles Reports RSAJournal+ Journal features Blogs & Comment Talks and discussions Replays Animations RSA podcasts Digital Badging Commission Report From skills to growth: a plan for digital badging in the UK Replay Join and support Back Join and support Join the RSA Become an RSA Fellow 18-25 Fellowship offer Nominate someone Fellowship FAQs Your Fellowship How to get involved In your area Fellowship Networks Support the RSA Explore our partnerships Ways of supporting us Donations & legacies RSA Gift Shop Become an RSA Fellow Venue hire Back Venue hire Enquire Venue hire Why RSA House? Corporate events Weddings & private events Our spaces Great Room Vaults Benjamin Franklin Room View all our spaces Weddings at RSA House Christmas parties at RSA House Become a Fellow today Donate My RSA Close the dialogue The home of ideas Where people drive real change. The RSA has been turning possibility into progress since 1754. From pioneering invention and design to shaping social change, we are a place for ideas, action, and connection. Become a Fellow Discover RSA House Join a Fellowship that has shaped the world Our Fellowship is a global network of creators, leaders, policymakers and entrepreneurs: united by a common goal to progress society. From Benjamin Franklin to Vivienne Westwood, RSA Fellows have sparked new ideas, forged powerful connections, and driven change for more than 270 years. Become a Fellow Find out more RSA House Christmas hours Reduced hours: 24 December – 8 AM to 3 PM Closed: 25 December – 1 January Reopens with regular hours: 2 January – 8 AM to 8 PM What you get as a Fellow Collaborate with a network of the usefully restless on our exclusive platform, Circle Gain access to RSA House and shared spaces to exchange ideas around the UK Receive our award-winning magazine RSA Journal Take part in  200+ world-leading events for real conversations shaping the future Join the RSA Mentoring Programme and cross paths with inspiring minds Be recognised with the letters FRSA, a subtle signal of belonging RSA House is open to all Born in the coffeehouses of the Enlightenment era, RSA House has always been a place for debate and exchange. Today, it’s an architectural landmark in the heart of London where history and ideas meet: with spaces to eat, drink and explore. Reserve a table at Muse Learn more Visit The Coffee House Learn more Explore art throughout the House Learn more What’s on? We host more than 200 dynamic events every year- from global thought leaders to emerging and established artists, we welcome a diversity of global speakers. Find an event What’s on? We host more than 200 dynamic events every year- from global thought leaders to emerging and established artists, we welcome a diversity of global speakers. Find an event Fellowship events Edinburgh Fellows meetup 06 Jan 2026 The Canopy Middle Meadow Walk Edinburgh EH3 9EH Following the successful introduction of regular informal Fellows’ meetings on the first working Tuesday of each month in Edinburgh, we are pleased to confirm future dates are now available to book. Read more Archive lates Explore the Adam Brother’s Georgian architecture 07 Jan 2026 At the House Join our archivist for an after hours tour of RSA House, the jewel of Robert and John Adam’s Georgian Adelphi complex on the banks of Central London. Read more Fellowship events RSA Space Showcase 08 Jan 2026 Online via Zoom RSA Space Showcase is focused on ways to leverage the space domain, skills and technologies to improve the human and environmental factors on Earth and beyond. Read more Fellowship events First Fellowship Friday 09 Jan 2026 Online via Zoom Drop in for open, honest conversation with RSA US Fellows—share stories, feedback & shape what Fellowship can become. All are welcome. Read more Fellowship events RSA London meetup 12 Jan 2026 Tavern Room, RSA House, WC2N 6EZ Come together at RSA House with Fellows and friends for an informal opportunity to discuss ideas, share insights and discover new connections. Read more Fellowship events RSA Nottingham – Hub Pub Club 12 Jan 2026 Canalhouse, 48-52 Canal Street, Nottingham NG1 7EH Join us for the first RSA Nottingham Hub Pub Club of 2026. No formal agenda, just an enjoyable opportunity to meet and connect with other local RSA Fellows and your Fellowship Engagement Manager in a relaxed setting. Read more More upcoming events We host events that shape the future, finding new ways to illuminate, inform and inspire Find an event Hire our spaces RSA House offers a range of spaces, from historic rooms to contemporary studios, each with its own story to tell. Available for every occasion, from board meetings and conferences to weddings and large-scale celebrations, RSA House provides an unforgettable setting for any occasion. Enquire now Explore all spaces Keep up to date Discover fresh thinking and the latest news from the RSA and beyond- straight to your inbox. Sign up today Contact Press Jobs Visit our LinkedIn page Visit our Twitter/X page Visit our Facebook page Visit our Youtube page Visit our Instagram page Visit our Vimeo page The RSA General enquiries: general@rsa.org.uk / +44 (0)20 7930 5115 Fellowship: fellowship@rsa.org.uk / +44 (0)20 7451 6939 Venue hire RSA House , 8 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6EZ Booking enquiries: house@rsa.org.uk / +44 (0)20 7451 6855 Registered Charity in England and Wales 212424 Privacy Modern Slavery Statement Governance Terms and Conditions Cookies Disclaimer © 2025 The RSA. All rights reserved