The Student Room Ask a question Ask ​ Sign in Sign up Get the app Home Main topics Study help discussion All study help GCSEs A-level University discussion Uni applications University help and courses University student life Postgraduate Medicine Careers discussion Careers and jobs Teacher training Finance and accountancy General discussion Chat Relationships Fashion Fitness Sexual health Give feedback or report a problem GCSE and A-level Study level discussion GCSE A-level Btec T-level Scottish qualifications IB EPQ Study help discussion (by subject) Maths English Geography History Biology Chemistry Physics Foreign languages All study help GCSE and A-level articles GCSE articles A-level articles Exam and revision articles What to do after GCSEs What to do after A-levels When is A-level results day 2026? When is GCSE results day 2026? More study help Studying, revision and exam support Grow your Grades University University discussion All universities Applying through Ucas Student finance Personal statement Postgraduate study Uni accommodation University life University course discussion All uni courses Apprenticeships Medicine Arts and humanities courses Stem courses Social science courses Universities by region North of England Midlands South of England Greater London Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Distance learning International study University guides and articles All university articles Applying to uni articles Personal statements Personal statement examples Freshers University open days Studying law at university Student life at university Careers and jobs Careers discussion Careers and jobs discussion Apprenticeships discussion Part-time and temp jobs Industry forums Career forums by sector Armed forces careers Consultancy careers Finance careers Legal careers More industry forums Marketing careers Medicine and healthcare careers Public sector careers Stem careers Teaching careers Life and relationships Life chat General chat Relationships Friends, family and colleagues Advice on everyday issues Fashion Health chat Life and style General health Sexual health Mental health Fitness News and entertainment chat Debate and current affairs Entertainment UK and world politics News Educational debate Football Sport Student finance Applying Making your application Tuition Fee Loans Eligibility Living costs Disabled Students' Allowances Postgraduate Postgraduate Master's Loan Postgraduate Doctoral Loan Further information Parents and partners Repayment Advanced Learner Loan Taking a break or withdrawing from your course Discuss and discover, together. We're The Student Room: the UK's largest online community for school, college and uni students. Find friendly and supportive discussions on everything from GCSEs to uni life, from A-levels to Ucas applications. Latest Trending For you What Students Say The website is brilliant for students in need of advice regarding exams and revision. Year 11 It's really useful to see what other people are saying about GCSEs (and non-school stuff!). Year 11 Sometimes I find my self stuck at a crossroads and The Student Room can provide answers that may point me in the right direction. Year 12 Great advice and tips to help me through A-Levels and answers a lot of my questions about Uni. Year 13 Super easy to use and contains an abundance of info on all topics concerning young people in education today. Year 13 The Student Room has provided me with very useful information regarding my university choices, as well as life as a university student. It helped me decide to go for Psychology. Year 13 How The Student Room is moderated To keep The Student Room safe for everyone, we moderate posts that are added to the site. Our moderation system picks up rule-breaking content and also means we can help people when needed. We have a team of human moderators, who are assisted by automated systems and AI technology. Community members can report problem posts too: you'll find each post has a report button at the bottom. Our moderators aim to act upon all reports within 24 hours. On top of all that, we have more than 60 Volunteer Team members . These superstars look after discussions on The Student Room, helping to make it a fun, safe and useful place to hang out. How to get started In just a few simple steps you can set up your account and start asking our welcoming and friendly community your questions. Join discussions with current students, university staff and other experts sharing their specialist knowledge. The Student Room is a safe space where you can find trusted advice and genuine support. Help with your university application You don't have to do your Ucas application alone. Our guides and forums will help you get it sorted. Ucas application advice forum Personal statement advice forum Personal statement examples Uni chat forums Student finance info Did you know... We've got a brand new app that helps you take The Student Room wherever you go. It's quick and easy to use. Download the app, sign in and join the discussion. Go to my App Store Join The Student Room Our current students chat about everything from GCSEs to apprenticeships, A-levels to UCAS applications. The Student Room is a warm, welcoming community that can offer you expert advice and support. Simply sign up for free and tell us a little about yourself to gain access to: Personalised content just for you Ask our friendly community anything Get advice from fellow students and experts Join discussions and help others Stay in the loop with notifications when you watch discussions Sign up The Student Room and The Uni Guide are both part of The Student Room Group. Get Started Today's posts Unanswered posts Community guidelines The Student Room app Using TSR TSR help centre Staying safe Cookies & online safety Terms & conditions Privacy notice Ad privacy settings Info About TSR Advertise Contact us Connect with TSR Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram TikTok © Copyright The Student Room 2025 all rights reserved The Student Room and The Uni Guide are trading names of The Student Room Group Ltd. Register Number: 04666380 (England and Wales), VAT No. 806 8067 22 Registered Office: Floor 6, Tower Point, 44 North Rd, Brighton and Hove, Brighton BN1 1YR