The Spinoff | A New Zealand site covering pop culture, politics and social life through features, criticism, interviews, videos and podcasts. Fund independent journalism Support The Spinoff Kia ora The Spinoff The Spinoff Politics Pop Culture Ātea Podcasts Sections Video Kai Internet Partners Science Society Books Sports Media Business Search for an author... SEARCH AUTHOR SEARCH Search for an author... Sections Video Society Kai Books Internet Sports Partners Media Science Business About Contact Advertise About us Jobs Use of Generative AI Members Sign in Support The Spinoff Subscribe Newsletters Events All Events Auckland Wellington Christchurch Dunedin ‘No Gumboots Allowed’: Looking back at the legendary Stewart Island singles ball How the singles ball on Rakiura became the social event of the year – and the start of more than a few love stories. By Rachel Judkins | 31st December, 2025 Contributing writer Latest ‘The trail was haunting me’: Northbound by Naomi Arnold, reviewed A rollicking account of walking the length of New Zealand solo. By Liv Sisson | 31st December, 2025 Commercial editor All 86 staple items at a classic Kiwi bakery, ranked and reviewed A love letter to every bakery in New Zealand, in the form of a deeply subjective ranking. By Tom Augustine | 31st December, 2025 Guest writer Cover Story Grist for the mill: the slow death of New Zealand’s industry towns On June 30, 2025, the last paper mill in Tokoroa shut down after 70 years. Anna Rankin was there to speak to the workers who leave behind decades of experience in an industry town determined to survive. By Anna Rankin | 31st December, 2025 Contributing writer ‘CSI crime scene’: Why are festivals so poorly-equipped for periods? Toiletgoers at Laneway last week were met with an all too familiar sight: 'no bin, no running water – just hand sanitiser.' By Alex Casey | 31st December, 2025 Senior writer POPULAR Juggernaut 2: The story of the fourth National government – all episodes out now After the tempestuous 80s, New Zealand wanted that cup of tea and a lie down. Instead, the Juggernaut was reborn for the 90s. By Juggernaut | 23rd December, 2025 Podcast The Spinoff Essay: The lie of the land David Hill on the kindest lie he's ever been told. By David Hill | 30th December, 2025 Contributing writer How a man googling PORN HUB ended up on the Herald’s website The image was removed within 15 minutes – but thanks to eagle-eyed Reddit sleuths, PORN HUB man lives on. By Hayden Donnell | 30th December, 2025 Senior writer My 50 first dates in Wellington, ranked and reviewed The capital city may be small but there are plenty of places to find love (or spend a painful two hours). By Fran Barclay | 30th December, 2025 Guest writer ‘Don’t scare me, I’m just coming back for my jandals’: Tales from the haunted horror maze 'My job was straightforward: hide in the corn until a group passed me, then step out behind them with my intestines spilling over my belt.' By Ben Fagan | 30th December, 2025 Community manager Rewatching The Bachelor NZ premiere, 10 years on Happy telly-versary, Art and Matilda. By Alex Casey | 30th December, 2025 A book for every year of your life: Part one, ages 0-30 From picture books to bell hooks, some reading inspiration for every age. By Hera Lindsay Bird | 29th December, 2025 A book for every year of your life: Part two, ages 31 to the grave From Mansfield Park to Jurassic Park, some reading inspiration for every age. By Hera Lindsay Bird | 29th December, 2025 Bumble fumbles: A brutally honest anthology of modern dating 'I am of the generation of wāhine who were seen as manic pixie dream girls, only to discover we aren’t quirky, we are autistic.' By Anonymous | 29th December, 2025 I can’t stop thinking about the Christchurch kimono frenzy 10,000 kimonos... 10,000 unanswered questions. By Alex Casey | 29th December, 2025 The madness and mayhem of making Kim Dotcom’s Good Times Kim Dotcom spent a million dollars to make a widely derided album. A decade ago, Hayden Donnell uncovered the bizarre story behind it. By Hayden Donnell | 29th December, 2025 A fashionphobe gets a front row seat at iD Dunedin Fashion Show Huge news: my work-from-home uniform of dressing gown and track pants might be more fashionable than I thought. By Tara Ward | 28th December, 2025 The best wild beers in New Zealand come from a shed in the back blocks of Hamilton On one side, the country’s largest and most well-funded breweries. On the other, a guy called Daryl with some barrels. By Hayden Donnell | 28th December, 2025 The Best Of All 86 staple items at a classic Kiwi bakery, ranked and reviewed A love letter to every bakery in New Zealand, in the form of a deeply subjective ranking. By Tom Augustine | 31st December, 2025 Guest writer The Spinoff Essay: The lie of the land David Hill on the kindest lie he's ever been told. By David Hill | 30th December, 2025 Contributing writer A book for every year of your life: Part one, ages 0-30 From picture books to bell hooks, some reading inspiration for every age. By Hera Lindsay Bird | 29th December, 2025 Contributing writer Why I was wrong about the Well_ngton sign How a big shiny sign on the Wellington waterfront exposed a problem with local news. By Joel MacManus | 27th December, 2025 Senior writer Inside the dying industry of cargo ship travel Until 2020, it was possible to book a voyage on a cargo ship. Today, it's virtually impossible, despite being a greener, languid alternative to air travel. By Talisker Scott Hunter | 26th December, 2025 Guest writer ‘Fallen between the cracks’: The mystery of New Zealand’s lost emo anthem ‘Crawl’ by Atlas was the biggest local hit of 2007. Why isn't it available on any streaming services? By Alex Casey | 26th December, 2025 Senior writer Opinion I can’t cope with shoppers reversing into mall carparks at this time of year It might be safer and his friends might disagree with him, but Tom Augustine is stuck behind reverse parkers and is struggling. By Tom Augustine | 23rd December, 2025 Guest writer Society ‘No Gumboots Allowed’: Looking back at the legendary Stewart Island singles ball How the singles ball on Rakiura became the social event of the year – and the start of more than a few love stories. By Rachel Judkins | 31st December, 2025 Contributing writer The Spinoff Essay: The lie of the land David Hill on the kindest lie he's ever been told. By David Hill | 30th December, 2025 My 50 first dates in Wellington, ranked and reviewed The capital city may be small but there are plenty of places to find love (or spend a painful two hours). By Fran Barclay | 30th December, 2025 ‘Don’t scare me, I’m just coming back for my jandals’: Tales from the haunted horror maze 'My job was straightforward: hide in the corn until a group passed me, then step out behind them with my intestines spilling over my belt.' By Ben Fagan | 30th December, 2025 Bumble fumbles: A brutally honest anthology of modern dating 'I am of the generation of wāhine who were seen as manic pixie dream girls, only to discover we aren’t quirky, we are autistic.' By Anonymous | 29th December, 2025 PODCASTS I can’t stop thinking about the Christchurch kimono frenzy 10,000 kimonos... 10,000 unanswered questions. By Alex Casey | 29th December, 2025 Senior writer The real story behind Christchurch’s ‘brutalist’ Timezone The architect of Ōtautahi’s most internet-famous building speaks. By Alex Casey | 28th December, 2025 Senior writer The Spinoff Essay: All my daughter’s daddies The highs, lows and silver linings of single-parenting a toddler. By Alice Neville | 28th December, 2025 Deputy editor Your life in three certificates Work stories from the office of births, deaths and marriages. By Ben Fagan | 25th December, 2025 Community manager Politics Made possible by Cover Story Grist for the mill: the slow death of New Zealand’s industry towns On June 30, 2025, the last paper mill in Tokoroa shut down after 70 years. Anna Rankin was there to speak to the workers who leave behind decades of experience in an industry town determined to survive. By Anna Rankin | 31st December, 2025 Contributing writer Opinion Fifty things I learned from nearly 80 hours of submissions on the Treaty principles bill Lesson 48: There are so many New Zealanders who just want what’s best for each other. By Lyric Waiwiri-Smith | 24th December, 2025 Juggernaut 2: The story of the fourth National government – all episodes out now After the tempestuous 80s, New Zealand wanted that cup of tea and a lie down. Instead, the Juggernaut was reborn for the 90s. By Juggernaut | 23rd December, 2025 Our 10 wild political predictions for 2025, revisited Our wildest dreams failed to come true in 2025, but who's to say they never will? By Lyric Waiwiri-Smith | 23rd December, 2025 Echo Chamber: School’s out for summer The last day of school for parliament saw the usual farewells to the 'Marxists', the bar staff and Don McGlashan. By Lyric Waiwiri-Smith | 19th December, 2025 PODCASTS One MP, One Pint: Yes, Act MP Todd Stephenson can read The first-term MP on redeeming himself after that Newsroom interview, his love of musicals, and whether Taylor Swift would vote for Act. By Lyric Waiwiri-Smith | 18th December, 2025 Politics reporter When Chlöe met Corbyn – and Varoufakis and Piketty and Polanski and Mazzucato and… On her recent European trip, Greens co-leader Chloe Swarbrick met with a who's who of the political and intellectual left. So what did she learn? By Max Rashbrooke | 18th December, 2025 Contributing writer The great idea that almost everyone absolutely hates It would save 25,000 tonnes of carbon emissions a year and reduce the amount of waste going to landfill by half. There’s just one issue. By Hayden Donnell | 18th December, 2025 Senior writer Government considering ban on ‘virginity testing’ Justice minister Paul Goldsmith will seek advice on outlawing the invasive pseudoscientific practice of virginity testing, after a formal request was made by another minister. By Lyric Waiwiri-Smith | 17th December, 2025 Politics reporter Pop Culture Made possible by ‘CSI crime scene’: Why are festivals so poorly-equipped for periods? Toiletgoers at Laneway last week were met with an all too familiar sight: 'no bin, no running water – just hand sanitiser.' By Alex Casey | 31st December, 2025 Senior writer Rewatching The Bachelor NZ premiere, 10 years on Happy telly-versary, Art and Matilda. By Alex Casey | 30th December, 2025 The madness and mayhem of making Kim Dotcom’s Good Times Kim Dotcom spent a million dollars to make a widely derided album. A decade ago, Hayden Donnell uncovered the bizarre story behind it. By Hayden Donnell | 29th December, 2025 A fashionphobe gets a front row seat at iD Dunedin Fashion Show Huge news: my work-from-home uniform of dressing gown and track pants might be more fashionable than I thought. By Tara Ward | 28th December, 2025 We should all hope to live like Joy Cowley The prolific New Zealand author might have found the secret to a happy life. By Joel MacManus | 28th December, 2025 PODCASTS New Zealand Tomorrow might be the best local show of the year This follow-up to New Zealand Today is even better than the original – but there's a good chance it passed you by completely. By Tom Augustine | 27th December, 2025 Guest writer When terrestrial TV feels like a holiday Away from wifi and streaming platforms, you are forced to rely on trained programming professionals. And maybe that's a good thing. By Alex Casey | 27th December, 2025 Senior writer Cover Story The birth of the Wests: How Outrageous Fortune came to be Twenty years ago, New Zealand television’s most famous family stormed onto our screens. By Tara Ward | 27th December, 2025 Staff writer ‘Fallen between the cracks’: The mystery of New Zealand’s lost emo anthem ‘Crawl’ by Atlas was the biggest local hit of 2007. Why isn't it available on any streaming services? By Alex Casey | 26th December, 2025 Senior writer Business Cover Story Grist for the mill: the slow death of New Zealand’s industry towns On June 30, 2025, the last paper mill in Tokoroa shut down after 70 years. Anna Rankin was there to speak to the workers who leave behind decades of experience in an industry town determined to survive. By Anna Rankin | 31st December, 2025 Contributing writer Inside the dying industry of cargo ship travel Until 2020, it was possible to book a voyage on a cargo ship. Today, it's virtually impossible, despite being a greener, languid alternative to air travel. By Talisker Scott Hunter | 26th December, 2025 The best job I ever had was painting a house Most people would look at our house and decide painting it was a job for professionals. My mum and dad decided it was a job for their kids. By Madeleine Chapman | 24th December, 2025 Sorry! The economic recovery you ordered has been delayed Expectations were repeatedly raised and dashed, but 2025 ended up being another frustrating year in the desert for many New Zealanders. By Dan Brunskill | 22nd December, 2025 Opinion The problem with productivity By focusing on how hard or how smart we work, all this talk about productivity is completely missing the point. By Sebastiaan Bierema | 17th December, 2025 PODCASTS Is a cardless future in sight for New Zealand? Wallets stuffed full of plastic are becoming an endangered species. By Shanti Mathias | 15th December, 2025 Contributing writer All the things that have been blamed for New Zealand’s productivity problem The lengthy Christmas shutdown period is just the latest in a long line of suspects. By Alice Neville | 11th December, 2025 Deputy editor The impact on NZ if the AI bubble bursts There will be financial and technological implications for us if the whole thing blows up. By Duncan Greive | 11th December, 2025 Founder After the treaty settlements: Kotahitanga Fund signals new phase If the 1990s marked the dawn of the post-settlement era, this moment signals something else entirely. By Liam Rātana | 5th December, 2025 Ātea editor Ātea Made possible by The life lessons hidden in the tangy, chewy world of rēwana bread Making rēwana is about more than just a recipe – it’s a journey of patience, care and persistence. By Liam Rātana | 25th December, 2025 Ātea editor The Spinoff guide to life: How to return home like a pro this summer Heading back to small-town Aotearoa over Christmas? Not being a dick will get you a long way. By The Spinoff guide to life | 20th December, 2025 How a Māori-led space centre is rethinking Aotearoa’s place in the sky 'Going to space is not just a rite of passage, it comes with a huge responsibility to ensure that it’s looked after because our lives depend on it.' By Mirjam Guesgen | 17th December, 2025 Ko wai tēnei: Hospitality leader Marisa Bidois 'When you’re clear on what matters most, you stop being swayed by every wave that comes your way.' By Liam Rātana | 13th December, 2025 Darcy Nicholas: A homecoming half a century in the making A long-overdue retrospective reveals how the artist reshaped the visual language of Māori art. By Chevron Hassett | 11th December, 2025 PODCASTS Ko Wai Tēnei: South Auckland filmmaker Taniora Ormsby 'I feel a responsibility to tell interesting and engaging stories that highlight my culture and create opportunities for us to be seen in different context.' By Liam Rātana | 9th December, 2025 Ātea editor Opinion Te Pāti Māori,  its AGM and what happens from here Te Pāti Māori’s implosion has been the political shitstorm of the year. By Liam Rātana Ātea editor & Lyric Waiwiri-Smith | 8th December, 2025 Politics reporter The dialects that shaped us: listening to our ancestors in every reo Māori voice A rare chance to hear how our tīpuna spoke, how dialects formed, and how te reo evolves across generations. By Vincent Olsen-Reeder | 8th December, 2025 Guest writer Kirihimete gift guide 2025: Cool stuff from Māori and Pasifika-led brands A one-stop guide to the most covetable and joy-sparking gifts this holiday season. By Charlotte Muru-Lanning | 6th December, 2025 Contributing writer Books Made possible by ‘The trail was haunting me’: Northbound by Naomi Arnold, reviewed A rollicking account of walking the length of New Zealand solo. By Liv Sisson | 31st December, 2025 Commercial editor A book for every year of your life: Part one, ages 0-30 From picture books to bell hooks, some reading inspiration for every age. By Hera Lindsay Bird | 29th December, 2025 A book for every year of your life: Part two, ages 31 to the grave From Mansfield Park to Jurassic Park, some reading inspiration for every age. By Hera Lindsay Bird | 29th December, 2025 We should all hope to live like Joy Cowley The prolific New Zealand author might have found the secret to a happy life. By Joel MacManus | 28th December, 2025 An alarm bell: The Book of Guilt by Catherine Chidgey, reviewed The NZ novel we called the book of the year. By Claire Mabey | 27th December, 2025 PODCASTS A Beautiful Family: a haunting summer holiday novel, reviewed It's the buzzworthy local debut that caught the attention of one of the world’s best literary agents. But does it live up to the hype? By Claire Mabey | 26th December, 2025 Books editor ‘If I were starting out again…’: Life and writing advice from David Hill 'Would I do it differently? Hell, yes.' By David Hill | 25th December, 2025 Contributing writer Disappointed authors, dead-end addresses and the .co.nz book publishing website with no NZ staff bookpublishers.co.nz has an 09-phone number and claims it’s one of the top publishers in New Zealand, but its digital trail leads to the UK and Pakistan. By Claire Mabey | 22nd December, 2025 Books editor AI got my poetry collection disqualified from the book awards – here’s my side of the story 'Personally, I am more interested in the artistic reasoning behind a writer's choice to use generative AI.' By Jiaqiao Liu | 20th December, 2025 Guest writer Sections Video Kai Internet Partners Science Society Books Sports Media Business About Contact About us Use of Generative AI Advertise Jobs Members Donate Members terms Subscribe Newsletters Events All Events Wellington Dunedin Auckland Christchurch FOLLOW US DOWNLOAD THE APP Privacy Policy The Spinoff Members Terms and Conditions The Spinoff Advertising Terms and Conditions The Spinoff is subject to NZ Media Council procedures. A complaint must be first directed in writing, within one month of publication, to info@thespinoff.co.nz. If not satisfied with the response, the complaint may be referred to the online complaint form at www.presscouncil.org.nz along with a link to the relevant story and all correspondence with the publication. © The Spinoff 2025 × ▼ Loading...