Home - Community - The Sims 3 Your browser is out of date and may not be showing all site features. For the best website experience please update to the latest version of your browser. Don't show this message again My Store Account My Wishlist Logout Login | Create an account! Search Quick Search: Search Category The Exchange Members Forums News Movies & More Store Store Category Premium Content Worlds Venues Sets Build/Buy Create A Sim Sale! My Goodies Advanced Search Dansk Danmark Deutsch Deutschland Österreich Schweiz English Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand Singapore South Africa United Kingdom United States 日本 香港 台灣 대한민국 ประเทศไทย español España français Belgique Canada France Suisse italiano Italia Svizzera magyar Magyarország Nederlands Nederland België norsk Norge polski Polska português Brasil Portugal suomi Suomi svenska Sverige čeština Česká republika Slovakia Ελληνικά Ελλάδα русский Россия EA Account Balance: SimPoints: Buy SimPoints Community News Blog TheSims.com Forums Facebook Twitter YouTube Tumblr Instagram My Page My Page My Friends My Badges My Studio My Messages My Blog My Goodies My Favorites My Treasure Hunts My Account My Profile Register a Game Redeem a Code My Account & Settings The Exchange Showcase Accessories Clothing Hair Color Households Lots Objects Patterns Pets Pet Accessories Pet Colors Sims Tattoos Worlds Movies Stories Store Store Content Premium Content Worlds Venues Sets Build/Buy Create a Sim Daily Deals Sale! Make Me an Offer Best Sellers Shopping Cart My Store Account Billing History Purchase History Games Shop Base Game The Sims™ 3 Expansion Packs Into the Future Island Paradise University Life Seasons Supernatural Showtime Pets Generations Late Night Ambitions World Adventures Stuff Packs Movie Stuff 70's, 80's & 90's Diesel Master Suite Town Life Outdoor Living Fast Lane High-End Loft Worlds Roaring Heights Midnight Hollow Dragon Valley Aurora Skies Monte Vista Sunlit Tides Lucky Palms Lunar Lakes Hidden Springs Barnacle Bay Riverview Tools Create a World Create a Pattern Create a Pet Create a Movie Create a Story Updates Game Updates Store Updates Console and Handheld The Sims 3 Pets for 3DS The Sims 3 Pets for XBox 360 The Sims 3 Pets for PS3 The Sims 3 for Wii The Sims 3 for XBox 360 The Sims 3 for PS3 The Sims 3 for Nintendo DS Help Frequently Asked Questions Getting Started About Origin Featured Store Items My Page FAQ My Wall FAQ My Wall - Filtering About the Store Learn About Premium Content In Game Shopping Complete Your Set Discount The Sims 3 Store Goodie Boxes Make Me an Offer Answer HQ Create an account! | Already a Member? Login Hi, | Logout ( Tools ) NEW! Learn More > The Next Deal is Coming Soon! Store The Sims™ 3 Newsfeed 12/11/14 My Page Updates 08/07/14 The Last Venue of Amore is available! 07/24/14 That’s Amore from The Sims 3 Store! 07/17/14 Featured Look – Sandy Shoals Sea Shanty SEE MORE NEWS > SUBSCRIBE > Daily Deal The Exchange about this item my page 1 of visit detail page DOWNLOADS From The Exchange Past Featured Creations See More > Advertisement Games The Sims™ 3 The Sims.com Origin.com My Account Register a Game Redeem a Code Purchase SimPoints My Account & Settings Email Preferences Support Help FAQ Stay in the Loop Facebook Youtube Twitter VIP Newsletter Newsfeed RSS The Sims™ 3 The Store The Exchange Forums Sitemap ©2026 Electronic Arts Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners. NEW User Agreement NEW Privacy & Cookie Policy Online Safety Contact Us Legal Notice at Collection In Cart Unavailable Owned Browser Not Supported Please upgrade your browser to IE7 or higher to view this site. You can visit Microsoft.com to upgrade your browser. Are you sure want to Continue ? YES NO Once you register your game, you will be able to: Post to The Forums Download free player-created game items from The Exchange and upload your own custom creations for others to use Receive new opportunities to earn badges Customize your avatar Upload your own game videos and screen shots to use to create Movies and Stories You can register your game at any time on your My Account page. OK To download this item, you must have the full The Sims 3 game installed. The Sims™ 3 Buy | Register Reason Submit Are you sure you want to delete these items? YES NO Are you sure you want to delete these items? YES NO Are you sure you want to delete these items? YES NO Are you sure you want to delete these items? YES NO Are you sure you want to delete these items? YES NO This user unlocked this background by becoming a site moderator. OK This item came packaged with an exclusive store promotion. OK Cancelling a Treasure Hunt will be Cancelled. Are you sure you want to cancel the Treasure Hunt? SimPoints Limit Reached Your account has reached the maximum number of Sim Points allowed. Please try again when you have fewer Sim Points in your account. Your FREE simpoints will continue to be available to you until you have reedemed them. OK Oops! We are not able to process your request. The serial code you entered is invalid. Please enter a valid serial code and re-submit. What does this mean? You may have entered the code wrong. You may have already used the code for another account on this site. You may have purchased a used copy of the game and the serial code was used by the original owner. If you purchased a digital version of The Sims 3 (base game, expansion pack, or stuff pack) from Origin, your game is automatically registered to your account. You do not need to re-register your serial code with TheSims3.com. Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You can now claim your 1000 FREE Simpoints to spend at the Sims 3 Online Store. Don't forget to download Riverview , your FREE new town! Close You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game! Don't forget to download Riverview your FREE new town! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You have full access to all the community features. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You have full access to all the community features. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You have full access to all the community features. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You have full access to all the community features. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You have full access to all the community features. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 game. You can now claim your 1000 FREE Simpoints to spend at the Sims 3 Online Store. Download your Collector's Edition exclusive item now! Don't forget to download Riverview , your FREE new town! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 World Adventures game. Use your $10 worth of FREE SimPoints to shop for EXCLUSIVE content at The Sims 3 Store . And don't forget your FREE* new town ! Expand your game even more with this free download. Download your FREE Explorer''s loot now! Prepare your Sims for adventures with helpful maps, exotic Egyptian furniture, and more. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Ambitions game. Download your The Ultimate Career Bundle now! Unlock exclusive new hairstyles as a stylist, invent gadgets as an inventor, create works of art as a sculptor, and play new cases as a private detective! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Late Night game. Download your FREE Red Carpet Collection now! Exclusive items to deck out your town and your Sims'' home, Hollywood-style. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Generations game. Download your FREE* The Sims 3 Generations Registration Gifts now! With Generations, Sims of every age can enjoy new activities! Kids can hang out with friends in tree houses. Teens can pull hilarious pranks. Adults can suffer midlife crises. And so much more! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Pets game. Download your FREE* Atomic Age themed pet items now! With a variety of new activities and social interactions, take control of your Sims’ pets to discover surprising new ways to play with life! Download your FREE* Atomic Age themed pet items now! With a variety of new activities and social interactions, take control of your Sims’ pets to discover surprising new ways to play with life! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Showtime expansion pack. Download your FREE* Freestyle DJ Booth now! With the Freestyle DJ Booth, your Sims can moonlight in the evenings by spinning tunes.
Keep the crowds fist pumping all night long and you’re sure to be a hit. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Supernatural expansion pack. Download your FREE* Plants vs. Zombies Fan Pack now! Now your Sims can proudly display their love of the classic game Plants vs. Zombies with a Plants vs. Zombies t-shirt and poster. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims 3 Seasons game. Download your FREE* Seasons Wall Decal Pack now! Now your Sims can proudly liven up your blank walls and decorate with your favorite seasonal theme. Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims™ 3 University game. Download your Mascot Attack Pack now! Whether your loyalties lie with the Fighting Llamas or the Walloping Kangaroos, you’ll want to wear your mascot on your … er, wall. Which you can do with this mascot set! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims™ 3 Island Paradise game. Download your Tropical Waters Hat Pack now to set a festive tropical mood! You can be the most eye-catching chica or chico on the beach with the towering fruit hat, or be the partay captain with the boat captain''s hat! Close Congratulations! You have successfully registered your The Sims™ 3 Into the Future game. Download your Cosmic Cosmetics Bundle now! Look both fascinating and alluring when wearing any of these cosmically inspired cosmetics! Close Upgrade your registration for The Sims 3 Community! You must be a game-registered user to use certain community features. Purchase one of our games by visiting your local retailer or by browsing our Games Page . Already own a Sims 3 game? Please register your game and get full access to the site's features. This action has been temporarily disabled. Please try again later. You've Succesfully Redeemed Your Code! Thank you for completing your The Sims 3 redemption. Please go to your Purchase history to install (it may take up to 5 minutes for the item to appear on your Purchase History page). Close You've Succesfully Redeemed Your Code! Please go to your Purchase history to install (it may take up to 5 minutes for the item to appear on your Purchase History page). Close What is Origin? Origin brings an entire universe of gaming into a single, convenient application. Downloads are streamlined for quick and easy installation, and you can securely purchase and play your favorite games any time and any place you want. You can even chat with your friends right from the Origin application while you play. New features recently added to Origin include live streaming demos, free-to-play games, and a beta cloud storage feature. For gamers on the go, Origin services are also available on your mobile device! If you already have an EA Account, you can log in to TheSims3.com with your EA ID to create a persona name for The Sims 3 Community. Learn More About Origin Log In With Your EA Account What does this mean? The email you have entered has already been used to create account with EA. Some possible reasons are: - You have an  Origin ID from registering an account with Origin. - You've used this email to register for a different EA game in the past. - You've already registered for TheSims3.com. To access your account, please login by clicking the link below. Log in to Your Account I Forgot My Password Please enter your date of birth or login: We need to check your age to ensure that we adhere to our commitment to market our products responsibly. Continue Login