Top Ten Lists at TheTopTens.com All Lists Newest Add List For You 224,766 top ten lists for everything under (& including) the sun. Best Metal Bands Greatest WWE Wrestlers of All Time Top Ten Greatest Actors Best Guitarists Ever Best Football (Soccer) Clubs in the World Best Movies of All Time Hottest Women in the World Top 10 Best TV Shows Best Rappers of All Time Greatest Anime of All Time Top 10 Funniest Stand-up Comedians TV Anime Music Movies Songs Countries 2024 Disney Food Football Rap Games Metal Singers Sports Books Soccer K-Pop WWE YouTube People Animals Bands Baseball Internet Companies Actors New List Top 10 Galaxies We Most Want to See in the Super Mario Galaxy Movie 1. Throwback Galaxy 2. Starshine Beach Galaxy 3. Ghostly Galaxy YouCanRelaxMyFriend Happening Now 9 More V VGPHD submitted Winter Wonderland - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V VGPHD submitted Reason for the Season - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V VGPHD submitted My Love I'll Always Show - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 c New comment on Charli XCX & Carly Rae Jepsen in the list of Musical Collaborations You'd Like To See in 2012 V VGPHD submitted Loving You - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V Discord1 submitted Shota Aizawa (My Hero Academia) to the list of Top 10 Hottest Anime Guys V VGPHD submitted You Won't Be Lonely - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V VGPHD submitted Co'mon Rock - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V VGPHD submitted You Know What to Do - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 Vote cast for 2012 on the list of Top 10 Best Years in History V VGPHD submitted From Wrong to Right - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V VGPHD submitted Loud 'N' Clear - Stryper to the list of Top Ten Best Songs of 1984 V Detroit Tigers submitted to the list of Top Ten Best Sports Teams of All Time D Vote cast for Elvis Presley x John Lennon on the list of Top Ten Craziest Music Collaborations that Can Be Possible in Heaven V Big Pun x Aaliyah submitted to the list of Top Ten Craziest Music Collaborations that Can Be Possible in Heaven Featured Lists Tips for Staying Safe Online Phishers and hackers and identity thieves, oh my! The online world can be a scary place. Make sure know what you're doing out there. Best Call of Duty Games We've seen battles spanning 7 decades of history on a dozen different consoles . Which do you feel is the very best? Best Home Security System Companies A high quality home security system isn't just about keeping out intruders, although it does that too. Best Car Insurance Companies You can't choose if you purchase car insurance, but you do have options when it comes to selecting a provider. Best Essay Writing Services Students are being given more homework than is recommended by experts.  Why not get some help on yours from a professional? Best Health Insurance Companies Regardless of your position on the health care debate, the fact is that you need health insurance in the United States. Best Basketball Players In the time since Dr. Naismith's peach basket, basketball has achieved worldwide popularity as has attracted some of the greatest athletes of our time. Top Ten Best Cartoons Who would have thought the antics of Steamboat Willie would lead to Bugs Bunny Homer Simpson, SpongeBob SquarePants, and Ash Ketchum? Top Ten Saddest Songs The most amazing thing about music is its ability to evoke an emotional response, whether that response be happiness, peacefulness, or sadness. Best Clothing Brands To some it is merely a label, but a brand can say so much about the company that produces it and the person who wears it. Top 10 Dog Breeds Big or small, long haired or short, energetic or chill... there is a perfect version of man's best friend for just about anyone. Best Workout Songs Good breakfast? Check. Pre-workout? Check. Proper attire? Check. Equipment and routine? Check. Perfect mixtape? You know it! Best Credit Repair Companies The fact is, most credit reports contain errors. Your credit score is far too important to not address inaccurate reporting. Scariest Movies Looking for a movie that will make you lose sleep? A movie you'll end up watching through the gaps between your fingers? Countries with the Best Food Pasta and pizza, curry and cardamom, miso and sushi, tacos and burritos... which nation's native cuisine best suits your taste buds? Top Ten Love Songs The many phases of love are almost impossible to describe.  Sometimes it takes the perfect mix of lyrics and melody to do them justice. Greatest Boxers of All Time Marciano, Ali, Tyson... They have become more than just men. They are icons of the sporting world placed on a pedestal for the world to behold. Best Metal Songs Heavy, speed, thrash, power, alternative, progressive, death, punk, and pop... So much diversity and so many unbelievable tracks to choose from. Featured Popular Latest Top 10 Best New Year's Resolutions Top 10 Best Movies of 2025 Top 10 Best Assignment Help Websites Best Car Insurance Companies Best Fitness Center Chains and Gym Franchises Best Credit Repair Companies Best Alternatives to YouTube Best Web Hosting Companies Auto-Updating Lists Top 10 NBA Scoring Leaders of All Time Updated Daily Top 10 Events From this Day in History Updated Daily Top 10 Most Popular Articles on Wikipedia Updated Daily Top 10 Most Valuable Cryptocurrencies Updated Hourly Terms | Privacy | Copyright | FAQ ©2005-2025 TheTopTens® All rights reserved.