The Takeout | Food is delicious. News Exclusives Fast Food Burger Joints Chicken Chains Sandwich Shops Mexican Coffee Shops Sweets & Treats Restaurants Fast Casual Casual Dining Steakhouses Pizzerias Grocery Stores & Chains Gas Stations Cook Ingredients Cooking Grilling & Smoking Baking Storage & Preservation Tips Cleaning Cookbooks Drinks Alcohol & Cocktail Coffee & Tea Smoothie & Shake Non-Alcoholic & Mocktail History Food Traditions Discontinued Entertainment TV Movies Eat Like A Local Boston, Massachusetts New York City, New York Philadelphia, Pennsylvania San Francisco, California Recipes Reviews Grocery Products Menu Items Kitchen Products Newsletter About Editorial Policies Reviews Policy Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved The Takeout | Food is delicious. News Exclusives Fast Food Restaurants Grocery Cook Drinks History Entertainment Eat Like A Local Recipes Reviews Newsletter Exclusives The Secret To Making Tender, Restaurant-Quality Prime Rib At Home Is This Temperature Tip Cook prime rib that tastes like it's from a restaurant, right in your kitchen, using this ideal oven temperature and a few other meaty tips for perfect steak. By Maria Scinto Read More Cooking For The Best Ground Beef, Stop Making This Mistake While It's Cooking Don't treat your ground beef like a stir-fry -- be patient and follow these cooking tips to achieve tender, perfectly browned ground beef every time. By Jessica Riggio Read More Entertainment The Campbell's Soup That All Of Frank Sinatra's Dressing Rooms Came Stocked With Frank Sinatra was known for his dressing room demands, which included specific utensils, drinks, and foods, such as this canned Campbell's soup. By Maria Scinto Read More More Stories Coffee And Tea Coffee And Tea By Erica Martinez 41 min ago The Sweet And Simple Apple Syrup You Need To Make The Perfect Fall Lattes Pumpkin spice isn't the only flavor to give your lattes an autumnal twist. A warm, fruity, and spicy apple syrup is an equally worthy coffee addition. By Erica Martinez 41 min ago Read More Mexican Mexican By Dylan Murray 3 hours ago This Ohio Restaurant That Guy Fieri Loves Has Been Featured On Triple D 4 Times Guy Fieri can't get enough of this Cleveland, Ohio, spot that has been featured on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" four times and still going strong. By Dylan Murray 3 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Cassie Womack 5 hours ago It's A Red Flag If Your Butcher Won't Answer Your Questions. Here's Why A good butcher should welcome questions and offer assistance. If they won't answer yours, it could signal problems that you want to avoid when buying meat. By Cassie Womack 5 hours ago Read More History History By Brian Boone 5 hours ago 12 Of The Biggest Salmonella Outbreaks In US History We review some of the most serious salmonella outbreaks and recalls that affected millions across the U.S., including items like eggs, poultry, and salad bars. By Brian Boone 5 hours ago Read More Alcohol and Cocktail Alcohol and Cocktail By Ellery Weil 5 hours ago The Oldest Whiskey Brand In America Is Still On Shelves Today There are old-school liquor brands, and then there are OLD-school distillers. Meet the oldest whiskey brand in America — which you can still buy today. By Ellery Weil 5 hours ago Read More Alcohol and Cocktail Alcohol and Cocktail By Mariana Zapata 6 hours ago How To Use Coffee Creamer To Make A Creamy Slam-Dunk Cocktail Turn coffee creamer from your fridge into a secret weapon for your cocktails, adding instant creaminess, sweetness, and bold flavor with almost no effort. By Mariana Zapata 6 hours ago Read More Alcohol and Cocktail Alcohol and Cocktail By Lindsey Reynolds 6 hours ago The Old-School Hangover Cure Myth That's Only Making You Feel Worse If you've had a little too much to drink, eating this type of food isn't going to cure your hangover. In fact, it could be upsetting your stomach more. By Lindsey Reynolds 6 hours ago Read More News News By Rolland Judd 6 hours ago Outback Steakhouse Faces A $50K Lawsuit For An Outrageous And Unexpected Allegation Outback Steakhouse has recently been slapped with a hefty lawsuit whose allegations are a little unusual. Turns out, it's not the food that's at issue. By Rolland Judd 6 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Rolland Judd 7 hours ago How A Rock And A Roll Can Help Cut Tough, Thick Vegetables A gentle rock-and-roll motion can help you cut thick, tough vegetables like parsnips or rutabagas with less effort as long as you use a heavier blade. By Rolland Judd 7 hours ago Read More Ingredients Ingredients By Ellery Weil 7 hours ago Double The Umami In Tuna Salad With This Briny Canned Ingredient If you've already perfected your tuna salad recipe, you might scoff at new ideas, but this briny canned ingredient can give it a delicious umami boost. By Ellery Weil 7 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Maria Scinto 8 hours ago The Secret To The Best Prime Rib Is A Thick Coating Of This Seasoning Does the idea of making prime rib at home intimidate you? Whatever your answer to that question, your prime rib can be leveled up with a coat of this seasoning. By Maria Scinto 8 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Maria Scinto 8 hours ago Martha Stewart Brings Sophistication To Grilled Cheese Sandwiches With These 'Grown-Up' Fillings Martha Stewart elevates traditional grilled cheese sandwiches with sophisticated, grown-up fillings that turn a classic comfort food into a gourmet treat. By Maria Scinto 8 hours ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Dylan Murray 9 hours ago A Few Easy Knife Cuts Mean More Chicken Breast Flavor In Every Bite If your chicken breasts have been uninspiring lately, listen to this expert's advice on the knife cuts you should make on the poultry for more flavor. By Dylan Murray 9 hours ago Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Andy Beth Miller 9 hours ago 11 Restaurants With The Largest Menu Selections We've Ever Seen If you're an indecisive diner, you may want to avoid these restaurants, all of which boast hefty menus packed with a wide variety of dishes. By Andy Beth Miller 9 hours ago Read More Ingredients Ingredients By Laura Christine Allan 9 hours ago You Can Increase The Chances Of Getting A Double Egg Yolk If You Buy These A double egg yolk is often a welcome surprise, but why not raise the chances of getting them in your carton of eggs? Here's what you should be buying. By Laura Christine Allan 9 hours ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Jessica Riggio 10 hours ago The Absolute Best Type Of Potato To Use When Making Hash Browns If you've struggled with making hash browns from scratch at home, you need to try whipping them up again with this type of potato, according to this expert. By Jessica Riggio 10 hours ago Read More Mexican Mexican By Ellery Weil 10 hours ago Elvis Presley Always Ordered This Simple Dish At Mexican Restaurants For a famous person, Elvis Presley had a down-to-earth palate, even at his preferred Mexican restaurant. His go-to was this fairly simple dish. By Ellery Weil 10 hours ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Dylan Murray 11 hours ago The Starbucks Milk Swap That Baristas Hate Customers frequently customize their drinks at Starbucks, but there's one milk swap that baristas hate, and it's partially for your own good, per this expert. By Dylan Murray 11 hours ago Read More Alcohol and Cocktail Alcohol and Cocktail By Paul Rothbart 11 hours ago The 14 Best Cocktails For Vodka Fans Vodka's neutral taste is perfect for pairing flavors and crafting cocktails. Whether you prefer fruity, creamy, or dry, one of these drinks will appeal to you. By Paul Rothbart 11 hours ago Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Joe Hoeffner 11 hours ago The Iconic New York Deli Rob Reiner Loved "When Harry Met Sally" forever enshrined a beloved New York deli with one of its most famous scenes. It was also one of director Rob Reiner's favorite noshes. By Joe Hoeffner 11 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Rolland Judd 12 hours ago You've Been Dicing Onions Wrong All Along (Here's A Better Way) This may come as a shock, but all those onions you've cut in the part? You did it the wrong way. Thankfully, our expert has a fix for your onion faux pas. By Rolland Judd 12 hours ago Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Lindsey Reynolds 12 hours ago What Exactly Is A Supper Club? Undoubtedly, you've heard of a supper club, and perhaps you wondered what one exactly is. Hint: It's very retro and a uniquely Midwestern dining experience. By Lindsey Reynolds 12 hours ago Read More Cook Cook By Jonathan Kesh 13 hours ago Fight The Urge To Commit This Common Ground Beef Browning Blunder Browning beef adds depth of flavor to almost any recipe, but this relatively simple process can easily go awry. Learn how to avoid the biggest browning mistake. By Jonathan Kesh 13 hours ago Read More Ingredients Ingredients By Joe Hoeffner 13 hours ago No Onions, No Garlic, No Problem: This Ancient Spice Provides A Punch Of Allium Flavor If you've experienced running out of garlic or onions at home in the midst of whipping up a hearty meal, you need to stock up on this ancient spice. By Joe Hoeffner 13 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Jonathan Kesh 14 hours ago The Best Way To Slice Bread Without Crushing It Slicing a loaf of bread without pulverizing it would be the best thing since, well, sliced bread. Our expert has some thoughts on how to accomplish that goal. By Jonathan Kesh 14 hours ago Read More Grocery Grocery By Holly Riddle 14 hours ago 12 Things People Hate About Shopping At Aldi Aldi is becoming one of America's favorite stores, but not everyone loves this budget grocer. Here's 12 things people can't stand about the Aldi experience. By Holly Riddle 14 hours ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Joe Hoeffner 15 hours ago The Types Of Food Dick Van Dyke Avoids Eating Hollywood legend Dick Van Dyke reached his 100th birthday thanks to a positive attitude and clean living. His choice of daily food might have also helped. By Joe Hoeffner 15 hours ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® TheTakeout.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.