The Things Network We are a global collaborative Internet of Things ecosystem that creates networks,
                            devices and solutions using LoRaWAN®. Start building Learn more Loading... 153 Countries 1.6K Certified developers 263.1K Members 21.2K Gateways 2.1M YouTube views 20.6K YouTube subscribers 1.1K GitHub stars 19.7K GitHub commits 19.3K Twitter followers 17.7K LinkedIn followers 91.9K Forum posts 111.7M Messages today The workbench to get you started with IoT. The Things Network provides a set of open tools and a global, open network to build
                            your next IoT application at low cost , featuring maximum security and ready to scale . Create a free account Powered by The Things Stack. The Things Stack is a LoRaWAN Network Server which is the critical component
                            for any LoRaWAN solution. Used by thousands of companies and developers around
                            the world, it securely manages applications , end devices and gateways and is built
                            by The Things Industries . Learn more about The Things Stack Value driven IoT projects Developers from all over the world are leveraging The Things Network's resources
                    and ecosystem to build exciting and value driving IoT use cases. What do you want to build? → Find the right devices for your project. The Things Network offers you comprehensive resources and
                        valuable contacts to find the right hardware for your IoT project. Explore devices What is LoRaWAN? The Things Stack uses the LoRaWAN network protocol,
                        which is built upon LoRa® modulation technique,
                        providing long range, low power and secure characteristics
                        that are ideal for telemetry use cases. We provide you with the proper resources to easily and quickly
                        acquire essential knowledge necessary for your IoT projects. Get certified The Things Certified Fundamentals You know your LoRaWAN basics! → The Things Certified Advanced You are the expert → The Things Certified Security Security is key (management) → The Things Certified Network Management Networking to the core → The Things Stack Certified Next generation LoRaWAN® Network Server → The Things Academy Proven to have sound understanding of LoRa and LoRaWAN → See our certification program → Learn about the technology The Things Stack Quickstart → Get training and certify your LoRaWAN skillset → Explore how others are using The Things Stack → Join The Things Conference → Fundamentals of LoRaWAN End devices Gateways Network Integrations End devices The Things Network uses the LoRaWAN network protocol,
                  which is built upon LoRa modulation technique,
                  providing long range, low power and secure characteristics
                  that are ideal for telemetry use cases. We provide you with the proper resources to easily and quickly
                  acquire essential knowledge necessary for your IoT projects. Learn How to create applications and add devices → Explore compatible LoRaWAN devices in our Device Repository → Learn about device activation methods → Build Get you LoRaWAN development board → Add your certified devices to our Device Repository → Get your end device up and running → Learn How to create applications and add devices → Explore compatible LoRaWAN devices in our Device Repository → Learn about device activation methods → Build Get you LoRaWAN development board → Add your certified devices to our Device Repository → Get your end device up and running → Gateways Together with our global ecosystem we manage gateways in every corner of the world. We support a wide range of gateways, from industrial products offered by Tektelic,
                  MultiTech or Mikrotik, to DIY gateways built from scratch using a Raspberry Pi. Learn Watch our review of 5 popular gateways → Learn more about gateways → Build Buy one of our recommended indoor gateways → Connect your gateway to The Things Stack → Learn Watch our review of 5 popular gateways → Learn more about gateways → Build Buy one of our recommended indoor gateways → Connect your gateway to The Things Stack → Network The Things Stack is at the core of any LoRaWAN solution. We take care of routing your data to your end application.
                We take care of security, message deduplication, optimizing data rates, interoperability
                with third party networks and join servers, so you can focus on what you can do best. Learn Learn about the inner-workings of The Things Stack → Explore the different network server deployments → Build Build your first application → Connect your network to Packet Broker, our roaming hub → Learn Learn about the inner-workings of The Things Stack → Explore the different network server deployments → Build Build your first application → Connect your network to Packet Broker, our roaming hub → Integrations From The Things Stack you can initiate integrations to your favorite IoT cloud platform,
                your ERP system or database using HTTP webhooks or MQTT. Our api-first design allows you to fully integrate our network server with your
                platform of choice. Learn Learn how to initiate integrations with third-party platforms → Learn how to set up HTTP Webhooks → Build Integrate with Node-Red → Explore our one-click integrations → Learn Learn how to initiate integrations with third-party platforms → Learn how to set up HTTP Webhooks → Build Integrate with Node-Red → Explore our one-click integrations → Join the global ecosystem. The Things Network consists of an inclusive and open community of people,
                    companies, governments and universities who are learning,
                    experimenting and building with The Things Stack to realize
                    LoRaWAN solutions. As an organization As an individual Launch a private network server with SLA → Peer with other LoRaWAN networks → Get enterprise support → Get device development support → Join The Things Conference → Get certified → Provide support for your devices → What's happening near you? → Run the Open Source code → Get answers in the community forum → Join The Things Conference → See what others build → → Community pulse The Things Forum kleeberg has created a new forum post 9 hours, 40 minutes ago The Things Stack dependabot[bot] has created a new open source issue 2 days, 4 hours ago The Things Stack ryaplots has added a new commit to The Things Stack Open Source 1 week, 5 days ago The Things Certification hussein_alsherbaz has obtained a new certificate 2 weeks ago Post litmax posted an update in The Things Network Chisinau: "TTN-Chisinau unleashing be a part of it" 3 weeks, 3 days ago Community The Things Network Isle of Man got its 10th member 1 month ago Community The Things Network Nurnberg becomes official! 7 months, 2 weeks ago Community The Things Network Ayódar was initiated by Raul Fernández 1 year, 3 months ago Community The Things Network Uxbridge is published! 1 year, 11 months ago Gateway A new gateway is connected! See where it is located 4 years, 5 months ago The Things Forum kleeberg has created a new forum post 9 hours, 40 minutes ago The Things Stack dependabot[bot] has created a new open source issue 2 days, 4 hours ago The Things Stack ryaplots has added a new commit to The Things Stack Open Source 1 week, 5 days ago The Things Certification hussein_alsherbaz has obtained a new certificate 2 weeks ago Post litmax posted an update in The Things Network Chisinau: "TTN-Chisinau unleashing be a part of it" 3 weeks, 3 days ago Community The Things Network Isle of Man got its 10th member 1 month ago Community The Things Network Nurnberg becomes official! 7 months, 2 weeks ago Community The Things Network Ayódar was initiated by Raul Fernández 1 year, 3 months ago Community The Things Network Uxbridge is published! 1 year, 11 months ago Gateway A new gateway is connected! See where it is located 4 years, 5 months ago What's new See all news → TheThingsNetwork Squeezing every drop of juice from your energy source Mon 13 Oct TheThingsNetwork Solar Energy Harvesting for Scalable IoT: Practical guide from industry experts at The Things Conference Thu 28 Aug TheThingsNetwork The Things Conference 2025 welcomes the Eclipse Foundation to Amsterdam Thu 12 Jun Subscribe to our newsletter Keep up to date with our weekly newsletter. Follow us YouTube 2.1M views → GitHub 1.1K stars → Twitter 19.3K followers → LinkedIn 17.7K followers →