An objectively better way to advertise | The Trade Desk Skip to content Back Link to The Trade Desk Home Page Company About us Relevant advertising powers the digital world. And we help power relevant advertising. Learn more Corporate information Press releases & media coverage Our leadership Careers Investors Office locations Platform Our platform The leading independent DSP built for data-driven marketers. Learn more Capabilities Omnichannel advertising Identity solutions Audience targeting Measurement & optimization Artificial intelligence Retail data APIs & custom solutions Programmatic buying solutions Partner directory OpenPath UID2 Channels Audio CTV / OTT Digital out-of-home Display Mobile Native Video Resources & Insights All resources Best practices, how-to guides, insights, and inspiration ad pros need to succeed. Browse resources and insights By type Case studies Insights Edge Academy The Current Developer documentation Glossary By topic Traders of Tomorrow Omnichannel advertising Connected TV Data and measurement Identity Retail media Programmatic for publishers Careers Investors EN English English (UK) 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） 日本語 한국어 Deutsch Français Español Login Contact us Company Platform Resources & Insights Careers Investors EN Login Contact us About us Relevant advertising powers the digital world. And we help power relevant advertising. Learn more Corporate information Press releases & media coverage Our leadership Careers Investors Office locations Our platform The leading independent DSP built for data-driven marketers. Learn more Capabilities Omnichannel advertising Identity solutions Audience targeting Measurement & optimization Artificial intelligence Retail data APIs & custom solutions Programmatic buying solutions Partner directory OpenPath UID2 Channels Audio CTV / OTT Digital out-of-home Display Mobile Native Video All resources Best practices, how-to guides, insights, and inspiration ad pros need to succeed. Browse resources and insights By type Case studies Insights Edge Academy The Current Developer documentation Glossary By topic Traders of Tomorrow Omnichannel advertising Connected TV Data and measurement Identity Retail media Programmatic for publishers An objectively better way to advertise Our advertising platform helps advertisers find new audiences and grow their brands with cutting-edge technology and access to the world’s best content. Get started Smarter marketing starts here From brand building to performance marketing, our omnichannel platform is built with one goal: helping you meet yours. Reach more people across more channels Audio Connected TV Digital out-of-home Mobile Display Native Video Audio Connected TV Digital out-of-home Mobile Display Native Video Get to know our platform All from one platform And measure results both online and in store with a marketplace of objective measurement partners. Let’s get started Our platform Read all about it Innovation never stops. Check out our latest news to learn how our technology and premium partnerships are shaping the industry — and the future of digital advertising. All News The Trade Desk And PubMatic Are Done Pretending Deal IDs Work Media Coverage November 04, 2025 The Trade Desk Swipes at Walled Gardens in New Brand Campaign Media Coverage October 30, 2025 The Trade Desk Taps Shopsense AI to Turn More of the Open Web Into Shoppable Ad Inventory Media Coverage October 30, 2025 Ready to take your digital advertising approach further? We are. Reach out to us to find the right solution to start using our platform . There was a problem loading this form, please try again later. Office locations News Investors Trust center Careers Developers Edge Academy login UID2 OpenPass Link to The Trade Desk Home Page Login Contact us Website privacy policy Services privacy policy Cookie Settings Your privacy settings ©2025 The Trade Desk. All rights reserved. Click to close banner Download the Premium Payoff Report Download report Additional Resources