Skip to main
Who We Are
What We Do
Get Involved
Support Us
Resources
Donate
Reach A Counselor
Meet Friends
You deserve a
welcoming, loving world.

And so do the people you care about. Here you can reach out to a counselor if you're struggling, find answers and information, and get the tools you need to help someone else.

Be the One
who makes a
life-saving gift
LGBTQ+ young people with at least one accepting adult in their life report significantly lower rates of attempting suicide. A donation ensures young people always have that adult: The Trevor Project can connect LGBTQ+ young people to a supportive adult 24/7. Your gift allows us to continue our life-saving work.
Learn More

The Trevor Project is here for you, day or night.

The Trevor Project is the leading suicide prevention and crisis intervention nonprofit organization for LGBTQ+ young people. We provide information & support to LGBTQ+ young people 24/7, all year round.

Reach out to one of our trained counselors.

Call, text, or chat with us anytime you need support. If you are thinking about suicide, or feeling lonely, we’re here to listen.

Learn and explore with The Trevor Project's resource center
Select a topic you want to learn more about.
Resources for Talking About Suicide
LGBTQ+ Mental Health Resources
LGBTQ+ Community Resources
See More Topics
I first learned about the work when  I was 18, confused, and afraid. Now, I feel honored to help my queer siblings thrive.
Trevor Volunteer
Featured Resources
Friends & Family Support Systems for LGBTQ+ Youth
Read More
Facts About Suicide
Suicide is the second leading cause of death among young people aged 10 to 24.
Read More
Support for LGBTQ+ Self-Harm Recovery
Read More
Join The Trevor Project's mission for all young LGBTQ+ lives.
Be a fundraiser.

Donate your birthday, or just your social channels to gather friends and loved ones in support of your cause.

Fundraise Now
Advocate for change.

We have initiatives happening in all 50 states to change hearts, minds and laws in support of young LGBTQ+ lives.

Learn More
Volunteer your time.

Our volunteer support teams are the most vital force behind everything we do. Take a look at our opportunities to become a trained counselor for The Trevor Project.

Volunteer Now
Work at The Trevor Project.

We are always looking for talented, dedicated, and kind people to join our team. Take a look at our open roles  and reach out!

See Jobs
Learn more about The Trevor Project's story and mission
Quick Exit

Press the ESC button three times to quickly leave our site.

Got it

The Trevor Project’s mission is to end suicide among LGBTQ+ young people.

SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Email Address
Subscribe
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
DONATE
CONTACT US
BLOG
PRESS
CAREERS
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY
TREVOR PROJECT MEXICO
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
INSTAGRAM
TIKTOK
YOUTUBE
LINKEDIN