The Tyee | BC's home for today's news, analysis and updates This page requires Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support JavaScript or you have it turned off. Please enable JavaScript before you proceed. Independent. Fearless. Reader funded. Account Log in support us subscribe free News Analysis Culture Solutions More Support Us Search Search The Tyee About Us Newsletter The Tyee Team Contact Funding Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Submissions Sections News Analysis Culture National Solutions Opinion Series What Works Topics Alberta Art BC Politics Books Coronavirus Education Energy Environment Film Federal Politics Food Gender & Sexuality Health Housing Indigenous Labour & Industry Media Municipal Politics Rights & Justice Science & Tech Transportation Urban Planning & Architecture Health Housing Indigenous Labour & Industry Media Municipal Politics Rights & Justice Science & Tech Transportation Urban Planning & Architecture Support Us Builder Login Thanks for being a Builder! Your Supporter Dashboard Recent Stories Tyee News Final Day! Join The Tyee’s Year-End Builder Drive Last call to get a 2025 tax receipt for supporting the independent journalism you read here. Jeanette Ageson and David Beers 31 Dec 2025 Analysis Who Gains, Who Loses in 2026? How will it go for Carney, Poilievre, Putin and Trump? Michael Harris places his bets. Michael Harris 31 Dec 2025 Analysis COVID-19 Is Six Today. What We’ve Learned We need cleaner air, which requires changes in medical culture. Crawford Kilian 31 Dec 2025 Culture The Teenagers Who Helped Preserve a BC Mining Town Sandon might not have survived but for the initiative of two eager kids. Greg Nesteroff 30 Dec 2025 Canada needs more independent media. Join us. The Tyee is a non-profit, reader-supported publication. Sign up now News Trevor Halford on Bringing Stability After a Wild Year The BC Conservative interim leader talks ideology, next steps and the NDP’s failures. Andrew MacLeod 30 Dec 2025 News David Eby on an ‘Eventful’ and Troubled Year The BC premier talks tariffs, deficits and the challenges of delivering on election promises. Andrew MacLeod 29 Dec 2025 News This Year’s Most Popular Tyee Stories In 2025, readers were drawn in by Trump’s threats, the spectre of far-right extremism, and a landlord with ‘aggressive’ evictions tactics. andrea bennett 29 Dec 2025 Culture ‘Marty Supreme’ Moves Like Fire It’s a blistering story of ambition, with director Josh Safdie and star Timothée Chalamet at the heart of the action. Dorothy Woodend 26 Dec 2025 Culture Boxing Day? More Like Tyee Hat Day Support independent, non-profit journalism. Get our limited-edition cap. Jeanette Ageson 26 Dec 2025 Culture The Virtuous Cycle What started as a cost-saving measure to ride my bike more often became a highlight of daily life. Third in a series from a new book by Steve Burgess. Steve Burgess 26 Dec 2025 Culture Why ‘War and Power’ Is Oddly Cheering A new book showcases the limitations of incompetent leadership. Crawford Kilian 26 Dec 2025 Culture Christmas Is for Family. Right? Stuck in Calgary for the holidays, a Victoria woman and her aging mother forge a new understanding. An excerpt from ‘Better This Year.’ Julie Gordon 25 Dec 2025 News Charting a Course Through Bears’ Eyes Stewards from the Heiltsuk First Nation are using computational models and Indigenous knowledge to protect bears’ access to salmon. Jane Palmer 25 Dec 2025 Opinion Here’s Why Involuntary Care Won’t Work for Most People We need a total rethink of our failed approach to drugs and homelessness. Shane Mills 24 Dec 2025 Opinion A Forgotten 80th Anniversary of a Shameful Injustice Canada exiled thousands of Japanese Canadian citizens even after the war ended. Jordan  Stanger-Ross and Eric Adams 24 Dec 2025 Opinion The Latest Grassy Mountain Mine Proposal Is the Same Old Promotional Hype This new pitch seems substantial only until you review its promises. Lorne Fitch 24 Dec 2025 More recent stories Culture ’Twas the Night Before Christmas, and We Tried to Steal a Tree We nearly had it! An excerpt from ‘Better This Year.’ Tetsuro Shigematsu 24 Dec 2025 Analysis Is Trans Mountain’s Profitability an Accounting Illusion? How the finances of Canada’s government-owned pipeline may look better than they are. Zoë Yunker 23 Dec 2025 Culture How Indigenous Seniors Turned a Bus Into a Movement ‘Even when the bus is simply running its routes, it advocates.’ Chevi Rabbit 23 Dec 2025 Presents CONTEST: Win Limited-Edition Vinyl from Jim Jarmusch’s New Movie The iconic indie filmmaker’s latest work, ‘Father Mother Sister Brother,’ is a memorable portrait of family. The soundtrack is stunning. MUBI 23 Dec 2025 All Recent Stories Canada needs more independent media. Join us. The Tyee is a non-profit, reader-supported publication. Sign up now featured sponsor Recirquel Brings Circus Dance to Vancouver Recirquel fuses circus, contemporary dance and physical theatre in their production of Paradisum . Photo by Mark Dawson. Hungary’s cirque dance company Recirquel brings intellectual rigour to traditional circus acts, braiding together vertiginous risk with a profound emotional core. With its reference to a post-apocalyptic world, Paradisum summons archetypal figures, each engaged with the overwhelming effort of existence. Elevating aerial and groundwork, elements of stagecraft — a rippling black drape, a ladder, rings, a hoop — create otherworldly vistas. Underpinning the larger cosmological ideas with concrete manifestations, the work is both deeply grounded in the earth and yet defiant of gravity. Co-presented by DanceHouse and The Cultch, Paradisum is onstage at the Vancouver Playhouse Jan. 21-24, 2025. Tickets are available at dancehouse.ca . Every week from Friday to Sunday night, you've likely noticed The Tyee with a new look and feel. It's our new culture section, the Weekender. Because we're now devoting weekends to showcasing creative ingenuity in Vancouver and across the region. The Tyee has long run culture stories , but having a place to showcase them puts a new emphasis on the importance of these pieces in our lives, building a meeting place for a diverse and intergenerational audience. Our hope is that the Weekender will act as a new space for readers to connect with the creative community, and for creatives to connect with our readers. You can expect to see an exciting range of work by Tyee staff writers as well as new voices taking the Weekender stage. If you'd like to be a part of it, reach out to us with a pitch. Culture ‘Marty Supreme’ Moves Like Fire It’s a blistering story of ambition, with director Josh Safdie and star Timothée Chalamet at the heart of the action. Dorothy Woodend 26 Dec 2025 Culture Why ‘War and Power’ Is Oddly Cheering A new book showcases the limitations of incompetent leadership. Crawford Kilian 26 Dec 2025 Culture The Virtuous Cycle What started as a cost-saving measure to ride my bike more often became a highlight of daily life. Third in a series from a new book by Steve Burgess. Steve Burgess 26 Dec 2025 Culture Boxing Day? More Like Tyee Hat Day Support independent, non-profit journalism. Get our limited-edition cap. Jeanette Ageson 26 Dec 2025 Editor's Pick This story is making waves. News Jordan Peterson’s School Isn’t Accredited. Smith Offered Alberta’s Help The premier met with the controversial psychologist and tried to help his business, finds a Tyee investigation. Charles Rusnell / 10 Dec 2025 Tyee Insider What we're up to. How to be involved. Will You Help The Tyee Keep It Real? Powerful forces are sawing away pillars of trustworthy information. Digital tycoons want to confuse and cow us, wielding AI, torqued algorithms and media moguls who forfeit independence, while newsrooms shrink. Independent non-profit newsrooms like The Tyee exist to reverse the tide. We publish original, fact-based journalism, open and accessible, with no paywall or billionaire owners and reader-funded reporting that serves the public interest. The Tyee is launching a new initiative in 2026 called The Tyee’s Reality Check Project, which will include partnerships with expert reporters and researchers on disinformation. We’re aiming to sign up 750 new recurring supporters by Dec. 31 to fund our next year of reporting, including this new project. Will you help The Tyee to fight disinformation? Support us now And check this out... Tyee News Final Day! Join The Tyee’s Year-End Builder Drive Last call to get a 2025 tax receipt for supporting the independent journalism you read here. Jeanette Ageson and David Beers 31 Dec 2025 Presents CONTEST: Win Limited-Edition Vinyl from Jim Jarmusch’s New Movie The iconic indie filmmaker’s latest work, ‘Father Mother Sister Brother,’ is a memorable portrait of family. The soundtrack is stunning. MUBI 23 Dec 2025 Tyee News Yessss! The Tyee Can Now Give Tax Deduction Receipts Why we danced when we learned our non-profit is now a registered journalism organization. Jeanette Ageson 15 Dec 2025 Editor's Pick This story is making waves. News A Vancouver Landlord Keeps Being Allowed to Evict Tenants. Why? Residents want to know why BC’s Residential Tenancy Branch keeps siding with Plan A. Jen St. Denis /  5 Dec 2025 The Next Economy From Alaska to California, people are pouring their smarts and hearts into successful enterprises that are low carbon and locally rooted. They’re employing and training, producing and sustaining . So The Tyee created a whole new section to tell their stories and share best practices for a healthy bioregion. We call it What Works . It’s where you’ll find regular reports on the business of creating what works for a better future. Interested in this project? Read more about What Works or contact us to be involved . What Works Got Used Chopsticks? Those Could Become a New Cutting Board Fast-expanding ChopValue turns millions of disposable utensils into sustainable products. Grace Kennedy 22 Dec 2025 What Works The Pandemic Left Her Reeling. So She Turned to Growing Flowers See how a frontline medical worker found new life in farming and selling pesticide-free blossoms. Josh Kozelj and Quinn Kelly 24 Nov 2025 What Works The Grocery Store the Earth Needs How package-free markets like Portland’s Realm Refillery change how we shop and reduce plastic waste. Britany Robinson 12 Nov 2025 What Works She Learned to Make Wine Without Cutting Down Trees White oaks once ruled the now vineyard-blanketed Willamette Valley. Maggie Harrison shows they don’t have to be sacrificed to grapes. Hannah Wallace 22 Oct 2025 Editor's Pick This story is making waves. Culture Raphael Lemkin Coined the Word Genocide. What Would He Say Today? The haunting story of the refugee driven to name and prevent the greatest crimes of all. Andrew Nikiforuk / 29 Sep 2025 Comment Noted We hear you. High-Stakes Stickhandling (read related story) “Elbows up is not the best option in dealing with Trump on tariffs. Sounds good but is not effective when dealing with the elephant in the room. Evidence of that is Trump’s current rant and the 10 per cent threat. “To ‘stick’ with the hockey metaphor, I think Carney is playing it smart. Stick handling rather than elbows up is a better approach in dealing with the Trump dynasty that will, as time goes by, lose the game of public opinion in the U.S. As has been stated before, ‘No deal is better than a bad deal.’ Human instinct to deal abruptly with discomfort will at times fail to produce the desired outcome.” Robert Take Our Poll Vote now. What Do You Think of PM Carney’s First Months? I’m still excited about PM Carney. His shine has worn off for me. I never liked the guy. I don’t know. Tell us more… Last week: Do you have a favourite summer movie? Read the results of that poll here. Reported Elsewhere Today's links curated for you. Advocates push for advance MAID requests two years after Parliament recommendation ( via Castanet ) Police watchdog looking into death of B.C. woman in intimate partner violence case ( via Chek News ) Ontario breaks new ground by letting politicians decide when history will be protected ( via CBC ) Calgary ERs face 'extreme overcapacity,' internal hospital memo says ( via CBC ) Nearly 25% of Albertans are struggling to afford groceries: survey ( via CityNews ) Opioids ravaged Appalachia. I'm one of the survivors ( via Salon ) Floodwaters receding in Abbotsford, but recovery and concerns remain ( via Global News ) Canada bill targeting refugees feared to signal new era of US-style border policy ( via the Guardian ) She was assaulted by her partner. Canada's top court is considering a potentially precedent-setting appeal ( via CBC ) Peer-support group in Salmo helps people who have suffered backcountry trauma ( via Nelson Star ) Make great journalism happen The Tyee is a reader-supported publication. If you value what we do, help us make it. Join Tyee Builders The Tyee About Us Newsletter The Tyee Team Contact Funding Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Submissions Support Us Sections News Analysis Culture National Solutions Opinion Series WhatWorks Your Account Builder Login Subscribe by RSS