Old News, Vintage Photos & Nostalgic Stories | The Vintage News Old News, Vintage Photos & Nostalgic Stories News Featured Photos Videos Today in History Discovery Abandoned Spaces Archeology Battlefields Geography Strangeness Entertainment Glamour Pop Culture Vintage Hollywood Lifestyle Fashion Interiors Cars Self-Propelled About us Contact us News Featured Photos Videos Today in History Discovery Abandoned Spaces Archeology Battlefields Geography Strangeness Entertainment Glamour Pop Culture Vintage Hollywood Lifestyle Fashion Interiors Cars Self-Propelled About us Contact us DMCA Privacy Policy Terms of Use The Real Story Behind Farrah Fawcett’s Iconic Swimsuit Poster Vintage Hollywood Glamour 9 months ago by Samantha Franco 10 Asian-American Actors Who Captivated Us on the Silver Screen Featured Vintage Hollywood 9 months ago by Elisabeth Edwards Five Famous Writers Who Have Mysteriously Disappeared News Strangeness 9 months ago by Samantha Franco 8 Common Phrases With Dark Etymologies Strangeness 9 months ago by Madeline Hiltz This 1956 Mid-Air Collision Changed Aviation History Forever Featured 9 months ago by Madeline Hiltz Princess Diana’s Quaint Pre-Royal Apartment is for Sale for £3 Million News 9 months ago by Elisabeth Edwards Elvis Presley’s Relatives All Cried After Seeing the New Biopic on His Life News Vintage Hollywood 9 months ago by Madeline Hiltz How Did a Polish Factory Worker Convince the World She Was Anastasia Romanov? Strangeness News 9 months ago by Madeline Hiltz From ‘More Cowbell!’ to the King of Rock and Roll: Facts About Christopher Walken Vintage Hollywood News 9 months ago by Steve Palace These 6 Oscar Scandals Were More Dramatic Than The Old Hollywood Stars Themselves Vintage Hollywood 9 months ago by Madeline Hiltz Being Hanged, Drawn, and Quartered Was a Horrific Medieval Punishment Strangeness Featured 9 months ago by Rosemary Giles The Mysterious Way the Dead Were Mummified In Italy Archeology Discovery Strangeness 9 months ago by Samantha Franco Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 … 1,381 About The Vintage News Welcome to The Vintage News , your gateway to the captivating world of history, nostalgia, and timeless stories. Here, we bring you a curated collection of old news, vintage tales, and classic anecdotes that will transport you to different eras and ignite your passion for the past. We believe in the power of history and its ability to not only educate, but to inspire. We delve into the archives of time to unearth forgotten stories and shed light on significant events that have shaped our world. Our team of dedicated writers and researchers meticulously craft articles that offer a unique perspective on historical events, giving you a deeper understanding of the past and its relevance to the present. Through our carefully curated content, we celebrate the allure of old news and the charm of vintage stories. Immerse yourself in the rich tapestry of human history as we explore the depths of the past, from ancient civilizations to modern milestones. Discover the extraordinary achievements of our ancestors, the triumphs and tragedies that have defined generations, and the timeless lessons that can still be gleaned from historical narratives. The Vintage News is not just a reflection of the past; it is a gateway to nostalgia and a reminder of the progress we have made. Our articles take you back to bygone eras, capturing the essence of different time periods through the lens of cultural, social, and technological shifts. Immerse yourself in the trends, fashions, and events that defined previous decades, and gain a newfound appreciation for the evolution of society. Our site is also a place to revel in classic news that has stood the test of time. We celebrate enduring achievements, iconic figures, and timeless creations that continue to inspire generations. From literature and art to music and film, our articles on classic news offer a nostalgic journey through the cultural touchstones that have left an indelible mark on our collective memory. We invite you to explore our website, where you will find a wealth of engaging and informative content. Whether you are a history enthusiast, a lover of vintage aesthetics, or simply seeking a dose of nostalgia, The Vintage News has something for everyone. Join us on this journey through time as we uncover the beauty, complexity, and richness of our shared human story. Newsletter STAY UPDATED WITH OUR NEWS Join 1000s of subscribers and receive the best Vintage News in your mailbox for FREE Trending Today Amphicar-The fastest car on the water and fastest boat on the road- the car-boat hybrid of the 1960s A secret Underwater Ballroom, built in the 1800s, tells a story of a doomed Victorian fraudster Conspiracy: The Lost Cosmonauts British diver captures interesting things sunk beneath the waves These powerful wooden figures called nkisi nkondi were used as a tool to control and contain a spiritual force Trending This Week Amphicar-The fastest car on the water and fastest boat on the road- the car-boat hybrid of the 1960s The final days of Nietzsche Portchester Castle: The turbulent history behind the medieval castle built within a Roman fort 21 Haunting Last Photos Of The Romanov Family's Final Days The tradition of hanging Christmas stockings was introduced by St. Nicholas, the patron of children Most Read This Month Amphicar-The fastest car on the water and fastest boat on the road- the car-boat hybrid of the 1960s Historic footage shows the sinking of HMS Barham , the Queen Elizabeth-class battleship in 1941 21 Haunting Last Photos Of The Romanov Family's Final Days Cesare Borgia Jesus: Who Is the Image of Jesus Christ Based On? Rare footage show the first  television appearance of Mahatma Gandhi  in 1931 Most Read This Year The Skeleton Coast of Namibia is one of the harshest places on earth with ghostly remains of ships scattered along the shoreline A rare glance into the heart of a WWI German U-boat! Amphicar-The fastest car on the water and fastest boat on the road- the car-boat hybrid of the 1960s Richard Scarry's Classic Kids' Book updated to keep up with modern times ... Seen this - the Soviet Ekranoplan © 2014–2026 The Vintage News | DMCA | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use