The Week UK | Because the news needs a curator The Week UK Edition US UK SUBSCRIBE Try 6 Free Issues × Search Sign in View Profile Sign out The Explainer Talking Points The Week Recommends Podcasts Newsletters From the Magazine The Week Junior More Politics World News Business Health Science Food & Drink Travel Culture History Personal Finance Puzzles Photos The Blend All Categories Newsletter sign up Newsletter Evening Review Read All Editions TODAY’S BIG QUESTION What did the Mar-a-Lago summits achieve? Following “two days of whirlwind diplomacy” at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, Donald Trump has insisted he is “making progress towards ending two destructive conflicts in eastern Europe and the Middle East”, said John Bowden on The Independent.The US president met his Ukrainian counterpart, Volod... THE EXPLAINER Environment breakthroughs of 2025 The outgoing year was a mixed one in the fight against global warming. While some countries, including the UK, continued to make positive steps towards net zero, the return of Donald Trump to the White House exacerbated an already fraying international climate consensus. But a series of scientific b... QUOTE OF THE DAY “He calls them his boys. They’re more than that. They are friends.” Boxing expert Steve Bunce tells BBC Radio 5 Live that Sina Ghami and Latif Ayodele were “massive parts of the Anthony Joshua machine”. The two team members were killed in a car crash in Nigeria yesterday, which left the British heavyweight boxer injured. Poll watch More than a third (36%) of adults think a person must be “born British to be truly British”, up from 19% in 2023. According to the latest YouGov poll of 2,370 people carried out for the Institute for Public Policy Research, this was more pronounced for Reform voters, 71% of whom think British ancest... IN THE SPOTLIGHT The biggest viral moments of the year Here are our choices of the most meme-orable, eye-rolling, jaw-dropping and head-scratching moments of the year.Coldplay kiss camThe moment of the year unravelled on a fateful mid-July day at a Coldplay concert in Foxborough, Massachusetts. Andy Byron, then CEO of tech company Astronomer, and the co... READ ALL EDITIONS Daily News Digest The Week Every day of the week The Week Every day of the week New from The Week, get the antidote to news overload – a snapshot of what’s happening today and why. More than a million people turn to The Week for news they can trust, online and in the magazine. Now you can join them by signing up for concise, twice-daily news digests curated by our editors. Distilled from dozens of the world’s most trusted news sources, each update delivers the clarity and perspective you need to make up your own mind. Make sense of the news wherever you are, whenever you like – online, in your app or by email. (Image credit: Future) Find out more Recent editions Evening Review Should Alaa Abd el-Fattah be stripped of UK citizenship? Sunday Shortlist A ‘hypnotic’ revival of Into the Woods Saturday Wrap The drumbeats of war VIEW ALL Editor's choice The best food books of 2025 The Week Recommends All roads to Ukraine-Russia peace run through Donetsk IN THE SPOTLIGHT Sign up for Today's Best Articles in your inbox A free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.com Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Today's Big Question Will the mystery of MH370 be solved? Today’s Big Question New search with underwater drones could finally locate wreckage of doomed airliner Today’s Big Question VIEW ALL The Explainer Why recognizing Somaliland is so risky for Israel THE EXPLAINER By wading into one of North Africa’s most fraught political schisms, the Netanyahu government risks further international isolation THE EXPLAINER Biggest political break-ups and make-ups of 2025 The Explainer From Trump and Musk to the UK and the EU, Christmas wouldn’t be Christmas without a round-up of the year’s relationship drama The Explainer Art that made the news in 2025 The Explainer From a short-lived Banksy mural to an Egyptian statue dating back three millennia The Explainer Which side is winning the war in Ukraine? The Explainer Sensing the ‘imminent collapse’ of Ukrainian forces, Moscow is happy to reject US peace plan in hope of greater victory The Explainer Talking Points Why 2025 was a pivotal year for AI Talking Point The ‘hype’ and ‘hopes’ around artificial intelligence are ‘like nothing the world has seen before’ Talking Point Why women are feeling the festive stress Talking Point As the Christmas frenzy ramps up, many mums feel the pressure of ‘keeping the whole sleigh on the road’ Talking Point Why, really, is Trump going after Venezuela? Talking Points It might be oil, rare minerals or Putin Talking Points The Week Recommends The best spots for a New Year’s Day swim The Week Recommends The most anticipated movies of 2026 The Week Recommends Under the Radar Blinkit: India’s 10-minute delivery app Under The Radar Market pressures and rider unrest are casting a shadow over leading player Under The Radar Space data centers could be joining the orbit Under the radar The AI revolution is going cosmic Under the radar Deaths for children under 5 have gone up for the first time this century Under the radar Poor funding is the culprit Under the radar Speed Reads Israel approves new West Bank settlements Speed Read The ‘Israeli onslaught has all but vanquished a free Palestinian existence in the West Bank’ Speed Read Oscars jump to YouTube after decades at ABC Speed Read The awards show will be broadcast worldwide on YouTube starting in 2029 Speed Read Trump vows naval blockade of most Venezuelan oil Speed Read The announcement further escalates pressure on President Nicolás Maduro Speed Read Kushner drops Trump hotel project in Serbia Speed Read Affinity Partners pulled out of a deal to finance a Trump-branded development in Belgrade Speed Read More From The Week What will happen in 2026? Predictions and events In Depth The new year could bring peace in Ukraine or war in Venezuela, as Donald Trump prepares to host a highly politicised World Cup and Nasa returns to the Moon By The Week UK Published 31 December 25 In Depth Environment breakthroughs of 2025 In Depth Progress was made this year on carbon dioxide tracking, food waste upcycling, sodium batteries, microplastic monitoring and green concrete By The Week UK Published 30 December 25 In Depth Donald Trump’s squeeze on Venezuela In Depth The US president is relying on a ‘drip-drip pressure campaign’ to oust Maduro, tightening measures on oil, drugs and migration By The Week UK Published 27 December 25 In Depth How close are we to World War Three? In Depth European leaders fear appeasing Russia in Ukraine will embolden Putin and encourage China’s ambitions over Taiwan By The Week UK Last updated 24 December 25 In Depth ‘Fun girls’ Today's Newspapers A round-up of the headlines from the UK front pages By The Week UK Last updated 24 December 25 Today's Newspapers Oscar predictions 2026: who is likely to win? In Depth These are the contenders everyone is talking about ahead of this year’s Academy Awards ceremony By Irenie Forshaw, The Week UK Last updated 23 December 25 In Depth TheWeek About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Advertise With Us FAQ Add as a preferred source on Google The Week UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.