The World from PRX We want to hear from you! As we celebrate our 30th Anniversary, we want to hear why you love tuning into The World! Send us a note to propel us into 2026, and we might share your comment on the air. SEND US A NOTE! NO, THANKS. Donate Syria Israel-Hamas war Ukraine Global Classroom Climate Change Music Sacred Nation Japan in Focus How Haitian ordnance wound up in the Adirondack Mountains December 30, 2025 History New York’s Fort Ticonderoga is celebrated for the artillery it contributed to the American Revolution. Less known, though, are the stories behind more than 100 cannons resting on its walls today. ‘The Swedish Experience’: Tobacco companies want snus to be an alternative to smoking, as young people drive sales December 29, 2025 Health Demand for Christmas ornaments hand-crafted in Kashmir drops amid US tariffs December 24, 2025 Lifestyle What foods power a walk around the globe? December 24, 2025 Out of Eden Walk A multi-million dollar AI data center is slated for Armenia December 23, 2025 Technology Pan-American climbing competition is a Latin American milestone December 22, 2025 Sports Competitive climbing has grown in Latin America, especially after becoming an Olympic sport in 2020. Colombia, a prime example of this trend, just hosted this year’s IFSC Pan American Cup, its first major international climbing competition. People in Portugal react to the shootings at MIT and Brown University December 19, 2025 Violence Sofia Neves, a reporter at the Portuguese daily newspaper PÚBLICO, joins The World’s Host Carolyn Beeler to discuss the shootings at MIT and Brown University, in which the suspected gunmen and one of the victims were from Portugal. In China, the future of transportation is already here December 18, 2025 Technology Self-driving cars and electric vehicles tend to dominate global headlines, but some of the most consequential innovations in transportation are happening in far humbler machines. In Shenzhen, China, driverless delivery vans, autonomous sanitation robots, surveillance drones and other experimental vehicles are already operating in public spaces, offering a view of how cities may function in the coming decades. A thrift store donation in Canada may turn out to be priceless ancient artifacts December 17, 2025 Arts, Culture & Media A jewelry donation to a thrift store in Canada has turned out to potentially be a lot older than meets the eye. Now, a group of researchers at Simon Fraser University is trying to decipher when and where the set originated. How Shenzhen, China, became the electric car capital of the world December 17, 2025 Economics China now produces nearly three-quarters of the world’s electric cars, and no city embodies that dominance more than Shenzhen, home to industry giant BYD. Once known as “The World’s Factory,” the city of 20 million has transformed into a global hub of clean transportation and high-tech innovation. Latest Episode Tuesday, December 30, 2025 Iranians grapple with a weakening currency Protests in Iran grow as currency weakens New Year’s Eve rituals around the world How Haitian ordnance wound up in the Adirondack Mountains A look back at the Gen Z protests that swept the world in 2025 Germany’s long-time coal region has cleaner air — but still not clean enough Europe’s massive lithium reserve SFTS: Hitchhiking adventure in Canada More Episodes This is The World The World is a public radio program and podcast that crosses borders and time zones to bring home the stories that matter. About Us Latest from our partners People use garden tools to protect millions of migrating red crabs on Christmas Island A look at what carbon offsets do — and don’t — accomplish After yearslong cleaning efforts, what’s it like to swim in the Seine? How a small community in Italy turned its home into a ‘bear smart’ town A soccer league brings locals and refugees together in Madrid Estonia serves as a digital pioneer for European governments Reconstruction continues after 2023 earthquake in parts of Turkey and Syria Israel strikes Iran’s nuclear sites and kills its top generals. Iran vows ‘severe’ retaliation Pope Francis, first Latin American pontiff who ministered with a charming, humble style, dies at 88 Pro-Palestinian activists under increased surveillance on Massachusetts campuses More stories Categories Conflict & Justice Culture & Society Development & Education Health & Medicine Immigration Money Politics Science & Environment Technology Women & Gender Follow The World Subscribe to The World’s Latest Edition podcast for free using your favorite podcast player: Apple Podcasts Spotify RSS Subscribe to The World on YouTube . The World is a public radio program that crosses borders and time zones to bring home the stories that matter. Produced by Thanks to our sponsor Major funding provided by About Contact Donate Meet the Team Privacy Terms of use © 2025 The World from PRX PRX is a 501(c)(3) organization recognized by the IRS: #263347402.