Skip to content
The Zebra®
Shop
Compare
Tools & Tips
Company
Log in
Our agents can help you save.
1.888.419.3716

Your one-stop shop for auto insurance.

The Zebra compares real quotes side by side from top companies. We search, you save. That's insurance in black and white.

Car

Home

Car + Home

Renters

View all

We work with 100+ companies to find the best match for you!

Get personalized quotes
in 5 minutes

We find the policies that are right for you based on where you live and what you drive.

One marketplace for top providers

Easily review quotes from a wide range of insurance providers side by side, all in one place.

Find a match and save hundreds every year

Whether you're looking to save on a car or home policy, we find the best value for you.

We've got you covered

As your insurance needs change, our dedicated agents are here to guide you every step of the way.

Over 74 million quotes and counting

Read what customers have to say about our savings, customer service, and transparency.

Read more reviews
Frequently asked questions
What is The Zebra?
How does The Zebra work?
How does The Zebra make money?
Who am I buying my policy from?
Is my personal information secure?
Is The Zebra licensed?
Why didn't I see more quotes to compare?
Which insurance comparison marketplace is the best?
Get a quick estimate

Not ready to buy a policy? Run your numbers on our car insurance calculator to estimate how much your policy will cost.

About me:

Why are we asking? 

I'm currently insured
I own my own home
How old are you?
Select one
What is your ZIP code?
See my estimate
Edit my information

Fetching your estimate

Now get quotes for you

Here at The Zebra, we make it easy for you to find the right coverage—at the right price. We compare top companies so you can find what works for you.

We can also help you:

Find discounts
Understand coverage options
Add more drivers or vehicles
Get my quotes
Want to learn more?
Insurance simplified

Our team of insurance experts compiled the resources you need to make an informed decision and find the right policy.

Resource Center
Free Car Insurance Quotes

Find car insurance quickly by comparing auto insurance quotes online from companies like Progressive, Nationwide, Liberty Mutual and Allstate.

Compare Auto Insurance Rates Online

Our analysis collected rates from dozens of popular insurance companies: use the data to find a policy.

The Best Cheap Car Insurance

See which company offers the best cheap car insurance. Compare coverage options, find affordable auto insurance and save on your next policy.

Compare Home Insurance Rates Online

Learn how to protect your most important investment. If you’re looking to buy, consider these simple ways to ensure you’re properly covered at the cheapest possible rate.

The Best Cheap Homeowners Insurance in 2025 | The Zebra

Find affordable homeowners insurance with expert tips on saving, comparing quotes, and understanding what impacts your rate.

Best Home and Auto Insurance Quotes

Bundling can be a great way to save on insurance. Learn more about how to save by bundling your home and auto policies with one insurance company.

It's easy to start saving.
Buy Online

Our easy-to-use tools let you compare quotes from top car and home providers, all at once and online.

ZIP code
Get my quotes
No junk mail. No spam calls. Free quotes.
OR
Call an Agent

Whether you just prefer a friendly voice or need more information, our licensed agents are ready to help you save.

1.888.419.3716

Hablamos Español

Resources
Cheap Liability Insurance
Cheap Full Coverage Insurance
Car Insurance Guide
Home Insurance Guide
Best Cheap Car Insurance
Best Cheap Home Insurance
Cheap Insurance Rates by City
Insurance Bundling
Sitemap
Insurance Companies
USAA
Progressive
Progressive vs Safeco
State Farm vs Progressive
Esurance
State Farm
State Farm vs Allstate
Progressive vs The General
Erie
Travelers
Metromile vs Root
USAA vs Progressive
Metlife
Nationwide
State Farm vs AAA
Progressive vs Allstate
Insurance By State
Auto Insurance: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY | Home Insurance: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY
About Us Press We Are Hiring Contact Us

Follow us on:

The Zebra on Facebook
 
The Zebra on X
 
The Zebra on Instagram
 
The Zebra on LinkedIn

© 2025 Insurance Zebra. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Licenses | Cookie Preferences