PowerPoint software for charts & business presentations | think-cell think-cell 14 is now available. See what's new. Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português 中文 日本語 Log in Open main menu Products Order Resources Company Book a demo Start free trial Products Products think-cell Suite think-cell Charts think-cell Library think-cell Core Benefits Why think-cell? What's new Customer references AI Assistant Almirall's productivity boost with think-cell Discover how Almirall, a global pharmaceutical company, improved their productivity and streamlined reporting with think-cell. Read the case study Order Download our software New customers Add users Renew licenses Official resellers Academic program Startup program Start your free trial Try out think-cell's full functionality completely risk-free for 30 days. Start free trial Resources Support User manual think-cell Academy Knowledge base Video tutorials Tips and tricks Content hub Webinars The ultimate think-cell slide toolkit Discover more than 70 PowerPoint slide templates that help you with the most common business presentation scenarios. Get your slide templates Company Career Job openings Talks and publications Events Developer blog Company About us Contact us Join us as a C++ developer Benefit from a working environment that allows you to focus on the tasks that you care about. Apply now English Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português 中文 日本語 Log in Start free trial Impactful presentations start with think-cell Create best-in-class PowerPoint slides. And do it faster. The foundation of successful presentations How think-cell makes anyone’s PowerPoint work better. 01 Outstanding results Convince your audience with messages backed by industry-leading visualizations that are not only slick, but easily digestible and built for powerful communication. 02 Error-free outputs Build your slides with confidence, knowing that presentations are fully consistent, always accurate, and 100% compliant with your brand’s visual identity. 03 Increased efficiency Enjoy automation that lets you spend less time on mundane tasks like aligning slide elements and more time creating value with your individual skills and expertise. 04 Ease of use Get started quickly from the moment you open PowerPoint and make effortless progress throughout your entire presentation creation journey. think-cell in numbers 0 % think-cell users save 70% of time spent building charts in PowerPoint. 0 + think-cell includes more than 40 chart types for impactful data visualizations. 0 /10 The world’s top 10 consulting firms all use think-cell. Find the package that fits your PowerPoint needs think-cell Essentials serves people who don't need to visualize data, while think-cell Suite also offers advanced charting and automations. think-cell Essentials A PowerPoint add-in helping teams streamline their workflows and build consistent, on-brand presentations. Create professional layouts with think-cell Core's alignment, sizing and scaling tools. Find and use slides, templates and other assets with think-cell Library. Simplify collaboration, feedback-gathering and content distribution. think-cell Essentials think-cell Suite A solution for easily creating impactful presentations supported by data-driven charts and advanced automations. Enjoy the complete package of think-cell Core, think-cell Library, and think-cell Charts. Tell powerful stories with data-driven tables and 40+ professional chart types. Automate your reports and stay in control with flexible, robust Excel links. think-cell Suite The products inside each think-cell package think-cell Essentials contains think-cell Core and think-cell Library, while think-cell Suite also includes think-cell Charts. think-cell Charts Available in think-cell Suite, fully integrated chart creation for management-style visualizations that support convincing, data-driven storytelling. think-cell Charts think-cell Library Available in think-cell Essentials and think-cell Suite, all the resources you need to start your business presentations quickly and never stare at a blank slide. think-cell Library think-cell Core Available in think-cell Essentials and think-cell Suite, a set of powerful tools you can use to build and edit PowerPoint slides with heightened efficiency and consistency. think-cell Core Trusted by over 35,000 companies worldwide People know exceptional software when they see it. With think-cell, I’m able to work almost three times faster compared to using standard PowerPoint features. It’s a massive time-saver. Adrián Fernández Gil Global Product Manager Read more I set myself high standards when it comes to the consistency and quality of how my data is presented, and think-cell is an integral part of my daily work to fulfill this goal. Ruben Latz Manager Finance Project and Transition of Vaillant Group Business Services Read more If I need 10 minutes to create a chart natively in PowerPoint, think-cell reduces this to just 3-5 minutes. Jakkawal Permyanwanthana Senior Manager IRPC Strategic Planning and Sustainability Office Read more The increased efficiency and clearer communication have allowed product owners to present data and findings better, leading to improved decision-making and business results. Mariam Lelashvili Head of Analytics in the Products Development Unit Read more If think-cell were to be described in another way, it would be “the time-creating tool.” I think think-cell is not just a convenient add-on tool for PowerPoint, but a solution that reduces the time you spend moving your hands while creating meaningful time for you to use your brain. Tadashi Mitsutake Deputy Manager, Japan Market Intelligence Department Read more World-class design baked in Explore 250+ slide templates developed in collaboration with top management consultancies. Create more impactful presentations faster Start free trial The leading PowerPoint productivity tool Product Why think-cell? What's new Customer references think-cell Suite think-cell Charts think-cell Library think-cell Core AI assistant Order Download our software New customers Add users Renew licenses Find resellers Academic program Startup program Resources Support User manual Knowledge base think-cell Academy Video tutorials Tips and tricks Content hub Webinars Company About us Careers Talks Events Developer blog Contact us ©2002-2025 think-cell Software GmbH Privacy policy Contact information and legal notice