ThingLink | Immersive Learning for Real World Environments Login Support Trust Center About Us Solutions Business & Government Workforce Development Safety, maintenance, on-boarding, upskilling Customer Education Interactive manuals, tours & training Immersive Experiences for Museums & Galleries Virtual exhibitions & interactive guides Healthcare Education & Training Site- & role-specific immersive training Manufacturing Training & Compliance Safer, more efficient sites & operations Education Higher Education Experiential learning for every student Vocational and Technical Education Hands-on immersive training for industry-ready skills K-12 (Primary & Secondary) Immersive experiences for young learners Pricing Business & Government Create Plans for fast authoring Elevate Plans for scalable learning Education Higher Education & Vocational Plans for colleges & universities K-12 (Primary & Secondary) Plans for teachers, schools & districts Platform ThingLink for Creation Create & edit immersive content ThingLink for Learning Scale up learning as needed ThingLink XR Share immersive learning to any headset ThingLink for Apple Vision Pro Scan, edit, & deploy spatial training Resources Case studies Blog Webinars Referral Program Certified Trainers Program Support Get Started Solutions Pricing Platform Resources Get Started Log in Digital Learning for the Real World AI-powered creation for immersive and spatial learning. Integrates with your LMS. Works on any device. Get Started Enabling Immersive Learning Across Industries Book a demo with our product expert to see what’s possible, and how you can start small, scale fast, and see results quickly. Transform Learning, Scale Training Engage learners with visually engaging, immersive experiences to build skills and contextualize knowledge. Place training in real-world situations, and put learning in where the work happens, with realistic environments and scenarios that test understanding and problem-solving. Accessible, cross-device compatible learning lets you reach learners their way, in any location. Designed for easy scaling to grow at your pace. Learn more about ThingLink Learning Platform Create in Minutes with AI-Powered Tools Designed to be the easiest way to convert PDFs and slideshows into immersive learning, ThingLink’s intuitive no-code authoring speeds up the creation process with simple, powerful, integrated AI tools at every stage. Generate compelling images and 360° media and turn them into immersive lessons and courses. Develop gamified learning materials that challenge, inspire, and engage. Learn more about ThingLink Creation Platform Built for Every Learning Journey For Business From employee onboarding to interactive product manuals, ThingLink engages your team to learn anytime, on any platform. Support troubleshooting with AR, replicate situations with XR, and use auto-translate to deliver consistent training across global teams, all from one simple platform. Learn more about ThingLink Enterprise Solution For Education ThingLink helps students connect their learning to real life by making complex environments easier to understand, capturing their personal responses and reflections in creative and project work, enabling virtual visits to distant places and cultures, and visualizing events and settings from history and literature - through immersive, contextual, and multimodal digital experiences. For K-12 Schools For Higher Education Case Studies Mitsubishi StoraEnso Vaisala Fingrid University of Hertfordshire Queen’s University Belfast Budapest’s Major Museums Mitsubishi Electric UK cut costs and reduced travel by replacing in-person product training with blended learning in ThingLink XR. The shift saved over $260,000 and 462,600 travel miles in one year, while providing scalable and engaging training for employees nationwide. Learn more in our blog post To improve warehouse safety and consistency, Stora Enso created immersive forklift training with ThingLink 3D and 360° VR simulations. Delivered on Meta Quest headsets and translated into 11 languages, the program increased engagement, improved retention, and cut training time across global teams. Learn more in our blog post To attract top talent and streamline onboarding across 25 global offices, Vaisala built an interactive 360° virtual tour of its R&D and Innovation Center using ThingLink. The tour gives new hires an engaging look inside HQ and helps 2,200 employees feel more connected across locations. It supports recruitment and orientation with immersive experiences that showcase the company’s culture and operations. Learn more in our blog post Delivering safety briefings to employees at remote substations was costly, time-consuming, and hard to scale. Fingrid used ThingLink to create 100+ virtual safety briefings accessible anywhere, on any device. The shift cut travel and training costs, improved flexibility and work-life balance, and ensured consistent safety compliance across operations. Learn more in our blog post University of Hertfordshire’s hybrid real/virtual escape room ensures that new students are confident in locating and using the wide array of resources in the two campus Learning Resource Centers. The group-based, gamified learning resource significantly reduced staff time needed for in-person tours each semester by hundreds of hours. Learn more in our blog post Queen's University Belfast Virtual Field Trips were initially developed for MSc students during Covid when physical site visits were impossible. They achieved 90% positive student feedback scores, and student exam scores matched those achieved when traditional in-person field trips were running. Their success earned a University-wide teaching award and ensured ongoing use in hybrid courses. Learn more in our blog post ThingLink was used to create a joint, collaborative virtual museum tour for schools by six major national collections in Budapest: The Petofi Literary Museum, Hungarian National Museum, The Hungarian National Gallery, The Museum of Fine Arts, the National Széchényi Library and the National Archives of Hungary. ThingLink enabled these nationally significant institutions to collaborate on a joint education project for the very first time. Learn more in our blog post Mitsubishi StoraEnso Vaisala Fingrid University of Hertfordshire Queen’s University Belfast Budapest’s Major Museums Mitsubishi Electric UK cut costs and reduced travel by replacing in-person product training with blended learning in ThingLink XR. The shift saved over $260,000 and 462,600 travel miles in one year, while providing scalable and engaging training for employees nationwide. Learn more in our blog post To improve warehouse safety and consistency, Stora Enso created immersive forklift training with ThingLink 3D and 360° VR simulations. Delivered on Meta Quest headsets and translated into 11 languages, the program increased engagement, improved retention, and cut training time across global teams. Learn more in our blog post To attract top talent and streamline onboarding across 25 global offices, Vaisala built an interactive 360° virtual tour of its R&D and Innovation Center using ThingLink. The tour gives new hires an engaging look inside HQ and helps 2,200 employees feel more connected across locations. It supports recruitment and orientation with immersive experiences that showcase the company’s culture and operations. Learn more in our blog post Delivering safety briefings to employees at remote substations was costly, time-consuming, and hard to scale. Fingrid used ThingLink to create 100+ virtual safety briefings accessible anywhere, on any device. The shift cut travel and training costs, improved flexibility and work-life balance, and ensured consistent safety compliance across operations. Learn more in our blog post University of Hertfordshire’s hybrid real/virtual escape room ensures that new students are confident in locating and using the wide array of resources in the two campus Learning Resource Centers. The group-based, gamified learning resource significantly reduced staff time needed for in-person tours each semester by hundreds of hours. Learn more in our blog post Queen's University Belfast Virtual Field Trips were initially developed for MSc students during Covid when physical site visits were impossible. They achieved 90% positive student feedback scores, and student exam scores matched those achieved when traditional in-person field trips were running. Their success earned a University-wide teaching award and ensured ongoing use in hybrid courses. Learn more in our blog post ThingLink was used to create a joint, collaborative virtual museum tour for schools by six major national collections in Budapest: The Petofi Literary Museum, Hungarian National Museum, The Hungarian National Gallery, The Museum of Fine Arts, the National Széchényi Library and the National Archives of Hungary. ThingLink enabled these nationally significant institutions to collaborate on a joint education project for the very first time. Learn more in our blog post Trusted Partners Create Once, Deliver Anywhere ThingLink is a flexible platform for immersive and spatial content creation that supports your organization in digital transformation. We adapt to the tools you already use and help modernize learning with impactful digital experiences that scale across platforms. Contact us to discuss your goals for the future of work. Contact us Create Your First Immersive Learning Experience in 5 Minutes or Less Yes - it's really that quick and easy! Get Started Solutions Customer Education K-12 Education Workforce Development Immersive Experiences for Museums & Galleries Higher Education Unity Projects & 3D Environments Pano to 360° Skybox AI Water Industry 360Learning Google App Licensing Scalable XR SPECTRAL Healthcare Education & Training Vocational Schools Production Services Immersive Spaces Company About Us Trust Center Support Blog Certified Trainers Program Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookies ThingLink | All Rights Reserved © 2025