Think Up Themes | Premium WordPress Themes 25% off Theme Club. Get all 27 themes for $199! Buy Now Hire Developers Why Join? Page Builder Themes Pricing Contact Support My Account My Account Pricing Themes Page Builder Why Join? Hire Developers Contact Over 5 Million Downloads We create awesome WordPress Themes that look great and are easy to use. Take control & make hundreds of changes from our theme control panel! Browse Themes Used by the best! We're here for our members! Huge thanks to Manoj from the support team for efficiently and helpfully dealing with a tech issue to do with my theme. I have very little tech knowledge, but was not made to feel... These guys rock - I use their themes pretty much exclusively as I have never found the need to go elsewhere, I can develop everything I need based on Thinkup products. Customer service is... This is a review for Think Up Themes. The time difference seems to create delays, however the service proves to be spot on. They do take you through to where you need to be... Manoj was so helpful via email when I just couldn't find the setting that changed a look on the website I was working on. So nice to get a timely reply. Thank You! I had a small problem with installing to Melos (Pro) in WordPress that I could not solve myself was written for ThinkUpThemes Support via a ticket. Mr. Afzaal answered back to me and he... I have been with ThinkupThemes for a couple of years now and use a number of themes through my annual subscription. It is well worth the affordable annual fee, and when you do need... Excellent support! I had some issues that were solved with a very detailed explanation of what to do to fix them. I recommend ThinkUpThemes if you're looking for a WordPress template. Thanks for the great support today with issue now resolved. Very friendly and a strong desire to help find a solution. It's reassuring to know this level of support is available. Thanks very much!... Think Up Themes has provided great support!  Not only did they respond quickly to tickets but they even added features I wanted.  They also offered to help with a WordPress that wasn't... I just wanted to send a quick message to you and say thank you for developing a great set of themes.  I have been working with Misteek for just over a week now... After the installation of a theme, I had a problem with a plugin. I opened a ticket on the support. I had contact with a professional person worried about my request. The problem was... Just started using the engrave theme today for our stores website and we love it. The support is excellent and the features are easy enough. It takes some getting used to but after playing... Choose from 27 amazing themes! Engage with your visitors like never before
with the beauty of Consulting (Pro) Consulting Pro from $ So simple to use, yet so powerful!
Harest (Pro) truly has it all. Harest Pro from $ Show off your business in style with this beautiful minimal design. Minamaze Pro from $ A truly stunning and powerful minimal
black & white design. Ryan Pro from $ A powerful modern multi-purpose eCommerce ready theme. Experon Pro from $ Melos (Pro) is a truly unique theme with a beautiful modern boxed style design. Melos Pro from $ Take your website to the next level with
the power of Grow (Pro). Grow Pro from $ True beauty coupled with powerful features. Sento (Pro) has it all! Sento Pro from $ Beautiful side menu design packed
with powerful features! Drift Pro from $ One of our best designs, Engrave is simply visually stunning. Engrave Pro from $ Wow your visitors with the beauty and modern design of Renden (Pro). Renden Pro from $ A beautiful corporate theme perfect for any business or even blog. Alante Pro from $ A minimal corporate theme with a dark style. Great for the corporate image. Smarter Pro from $ Show off your sliders with Fresh. Tall homepage sliders look great here. Fresh from $ A clean and minimal theme complete with a great project filter. Minimal Pro from $ The sticky header stays with you as you scroll so your visitors never get lost. Sticker from $ A minimal theme with attention grabbing call to action features. Metalz from $ The see through header makes this theme a must have. It looks amazing! Opaque from $ The perfect theme for that that want to show off a powerful image. Power from $ Seperate your content with this Pinterest inspired theme. Blockade from $ The dark styling of this theme makes it great for designers to showcase their work. Sleek from $ A corporate theme that's perfect for those that want a professional image. Misteek from $ Give you content room to breathe with this light design. Evolution from $ An elite corporate theme that can really show off your professional image. Tuxedo from $ This flexible theme can be used as a blog or a portfolio to show off your best work. Office from $ A magazine inspired theme, you can show off your content in style. Grouped from $ A traditional corporate design that works well for all businesses. Suitz from $ Our themes are feature packed! Responsive Layout Looks great on every device, from mobiles to desktop. HD Ready Optimized for HD screens so your images always look sharp. Theme Options Customize your site in seconds with our custom options panel. Expert Support Get support directly from the theme developers. Unlimited Colors Customize your site color scheme in a single click. Unlimited Sidebars Add custom sidebars to any page you want in a few clicks. In-Page Options Each page comes with it's own custom options panel. Page Builder Build without coding, using our drag & drop page builder. 150+ Shortcodes Make your content stand out with our amazing shortcodes. 600+ Google Fonts Import Google Font and target specific elements with ease. SEO Optimized Built from the ground to be SEO friendly, from code to layout. Demo Content Create a site exactly like the demo using our 1 click setup. 20+ Widgets Amazing widgets from social feeds to tag clouds and more. Modern Design Convert more visitors with our high-converting designs. Regular Updates We keep our themes secure and keep adding great new features. API Connect Each purchase gets a unique secure API code. About Us Established in 2013, we've distributed over 5,000,000 copies of our themes to users around the world. Site Explorer Themes Pricing Freebies Contact Hire Developers My Account Blog Popular Themes Alante Consulting Experon Melos Minamaze Renden Sento Contact Us Please leave this field empty. Δ Developed by Think Up Themes . Optimized by JustFeedback - Survey Software . © 2024 Think Up Themes | Terms & Conditions