This American Life Skip to main content Hi. We need you. Like, for real. To keep the show going, we need more Life Partners. Show the love. Get bonus episodes! Learn more 00:00 00:00 Transcript Share This American Life Life Partners How to Listen Episodes Recommended About Overview Staff Announcements Fellowships Jobs Music Make Radio On The Road FAQ Submissions Merch Contact Us Our Other Shows Merch Follow Us Life Partners Subscribe to our newsletter This Week: 801 December 26, 2025 Must Be Rats on the Brain Charlie Hamilton James The one animal we can’t seem to live without, even when we really, really want to. View episode details Next week preview Hi. We love you. And we need you! To keep the show going, we need more Life Partners. Sign up and get ad-free listening, bonus episodes, and greatest hits – 250 of them! – hand-picked by Ira Glass. Learn more » Recently Aired View archive 877 Dec. 19, 2025 The Making Of How one block in Portland, Oregon became a movie-set war zone that lots of people think is a real war zone. 255 Dec. 12, 2025 Our Holiday Gift-Giving Guide The vexing difficulty of finding the perfect gift. 876 Dec. 5, 2025 Bigger Than Me When history comes knocking, you have to figure out what to do. Recommended Okay. It’s hundreds of episodes. Thousands of stories. We help you dig through the archive. View all New to This American Life ? “When I’m trying to explain our program  to someone who doesn’t know it, I stammer a bunch of words like ‘entertaining,’ ‘funny,’ ‘surprising plot twists,’ ‘true stories but not boring I swear’ … and then I just give them this list.” — Ira Glass View this list Videos Yes we have videos!  Animations, music videos, speeches, our live stage shows, and more. View this list Sign up for our newsletter for weekly news and updates. Subscribe to our newsletter Visit our store for shirts, posters, tote bags, and more. Shop now This American Life This American Life is produced in collaboration with WBEZ Chicago and delivered to stations by PRX The Public Radio Exchange. How to Listen Episodes Recommended About Overview Staff Announcements Fellowships Jobs Music Make Radio On The Road FAQ Submissions Merch Contact Us Our Other Shows Merch Contact Life Partners © 1995 - 2025 This American Life Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Share Facebook X Email Subscribe on Spotify in Apple Podcasts Share Facebook X Email