Clarifying the Complex | Homepage | Thomson Reuters Skip to main content Solutions Products Purchase Resources Back Solutions Law firms AI for legal Legal research & guidance Legal forms Business development Legal data & document management Business practice & procedure Drafting software, service & guidance Evidence Trial readiness, process & case guidance Tax, audit & accounting firms Audit & accounting Tax planning & preparation Tax research & guidance Data & document management Financial planning & analysis Estate planning Practice management & growth Professional development & education Corporations All corporate solutions Governments All government solutions Success stories A true competitive advantage Law firm Zarwin Baum’s embrace of generative AI as the natural next step in the evolution of legal work and their adoption of CoCounsel Legal has helped them achieve remarkable efficiency gains and improved client relationships. Workflow transformation drives impact Brinks, a global leader in secure logistics and security solutions, used CoCounsel to reimagine what was possible with AI tools, turning legal challenges into a competitive advantage. The forefront of audit tech A better auditing workflow solution was the answer to multiple challenges faced by The Mercadien Group. Find out how they achieved greater efficiency by embracing Cloud Audit Suite. Partnership program Partner directory Questions? We are here to help. Contact us Back Products Legal CoCounsel Legal HighQ Legal Tracker Practical Law Westlaw Advantage Westlaw Edge View all Trade & supply ONESOURCE Foreign Trade Zone Management ONESOURCE Global Classification AI View all Tax, audit & accounting CoCounsel Audit CoCounsel Tax ONESOURCE Income Tax ONESOURCE Indirect Compliance ONESOURCE Pagero UltraTax CS View all Risk & fraud CLEAR CLEAR Adverse Media CLEAR ID Confirm CLEAR Risk Inform CLEAR Skip Tracing Fraud Detect View all Books Legal books Tax books Recommended products CoCounsel Legal Transform your work with the only AI legal solution uniting research, drafting, and document analysis in a single experience. Designed by legal experts and built on trusted content and advanced AI, CoCounsel Legal accelerates multistep work so you can better serve your clients and grow your business. CoCounsel Tax Transform your tax practice with CoCounsel Tax, an AI-powered assistant that combines trustworthy answers, automation, and firm knowledge into one seamless platform. Enhance efficiency, reduce risk, and improve client confidence with CoCounsel Tax. CLEAR Powerful software designed for law enforcement, compliance, risk, and fraud investigators. Conduct thorough investigations with ease using our intuitive online investigation software. Efficiently, prevent, detect, and solve crime. Questions? We are here to help. Contact us Back Purchase Buy solutions CoCounsel Essentials CoCounsel Legal Practical Law Practical Law Dynamic Tool Set with CoCounsel Essentials Westlaw Advantage Westlaw Advantage with CoCounsel Essentials Westlaw Edge Westlaw Edge with AI-Assisted Research Buy books Legal books Tax books Contact sales For legal products For tax products Questions? We are here to help. Contact us Back Resources Insights Thomson Reuters Institute Innovation @ Thomson Reuters Legal insights Tax insights Events Upcoming events On-demand webinars Product training Legal learning hub Tax & accounting professional services On-demand learning ONESOURCE University Product communities Legal Tax & accounting All communities Developers Developer portal API catalog Use case library Communities Highlights 2026 SKILLS showcase Join weekly sessions to experience in-depth demonstrations of the leading legal AI products while connecting with strategic law firm leaders in knowledge management, innovation, and AI. Ghosts on the ledger Payroll fraud is a major compliance risk. Learn how payroll analytics and AI-powered tools can help exorcise phantom employees and employers. Future of professionals report 2025 The Thomson Reuters Future of Professionals Report 2025 reveals how AI continues to shape professional work — and what it takes to get ahead. This year’s report shows that increased efficiency, productivity, and cost savings top the list of benefits professionals attribute to AI, making it indispensable for organizations facing rapid change. Help Help Product help Communities Account management Learn Legal Learning Hub ONESOURCE University Tax & Accounting Professional Services Sign into your products Sign in to manage account Thomson Reuters CoCounsel Legal: AI lawyers swear by Introducing one powerful solution for legal research, analysis, and drafting Discover CoCounsel Legal Explore additional offerings from Thomson Reuters Reduce inefficiencies, add greater value to your stakeholders, and anticipate future challenges with our premier solutions. Legal Tax and accounting International trade and supply chain Risk, fraud, and investigations Reuters New and noteworthy Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE+: Your intelligent compliance network Are disconnected tools and manual tasks creating blind spots for your business? ONESOURCE+ brings tax, trade, legal, and risk together in an AI‑powered, connected approach so teams collaborate faster, see risks sooner, and make smarter decisions. Discover ONESOURCE+ Achieve next-level efficiency with Thomson Reuters CoCounsel Spend less time on the mundane and more time on complex, high-value work that better serves your clients, organization, and business. CoCounsel offers secure generative and agentic AI built on authoritative content and industry-leading expertise. Learn more about CoCounsel SYNERGY 2025 Thomson Reuters is proud to announce Jay Shetty as our SYNERGY 2025 keynote speaker. As a global bestselling author, award-winning podcast host, and Chief Purpose Officer of Calm, Jay brings unique perspectives on purpose-driven leadership to professional audiences worldwide. Join us this November in Orlando. Learn more Future of Professionals Report 2025 The Thomson Reuters Future of Professionals Report 2025 reveals how AI continues to shape professional work — and what it takes to get ahead. This year’s report shows that increased efficiency, productivity, and cost savings top the list of benefits professionals attribute to AI, making it indispensable for organizations facing rapid change. Download the report ONESOURCE Indirect Tax named a leader in two IDC MarketScape Vendor Assessments In today’s rapidly evolving global marketplace, tax compliance has become increasingly complex for multinational corporations. At Thomson Reuters, we’re committed to empowering our customers with technology that not only ensures compliance but also enhances their competitive edge. Access the excerpts Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE+: Your intelligent compliance network Are disconnected tools and manual tasks creating blind spots for your business? ONESOURCE+ brings tax, trade, legal, and risk together in an AI‑powered, connected approach so teams collaborate faster, see risks sooner, and make smarter decisions. Discover ONESOURCE+ Achieve next-level efficiency with Thomson Reuters CoCounsel Spend less time on the mundane and more time on complex, high-value work that better serves your clients, organization, and business. CoCounsel offers secure generative and agentic AI built on authoritative content and industry-leading expertise. Learn more about CoCounsel SYNERGY 2025 Thomson Reuters is proud to announce Jay Shetty as our SYNERGY 2025 keynote speaker. As a global bestselling author, award-winning podcast host, and Chief Purpose Officer of Calm, Jay brings unique perspectives on purpose-driven leadership to professional audiences worldwide. Join us this November in Orlando. Learn more Future of Professionals Report 2025 The Thomson Reuters Future of Professionals Report 2025 reveals how AI continues to shape professional work — and what it takes to get ahead. This year’s report shows that increased efficiency, productivity, and cost savings top the list of benefits professionals attribute to AI, making it indispensable for organizations facing rapid change. Download the report ONESOURCE Indirect Tax named a leader in two IDC MarketScape Vendor Assessments In today’s rapidly evolving global marketplace, tax compliance has become increasingly complex for multinational corporations. At Thomson Reuters, we’re committed to empowering our customers with technology that not only ensures compliance but also enhances their competitive edge. Access the excerpts Featured insights 2025 Generative AI in Professional Services Report This Thomson Reuters Institute report reveals a marketplace where professionals feel positively about using GenAI, even if their organizations may not be fully integrating it into all business strategies yet. Read the report Introducing Our First CoCounsel Guided Workflows Thomson Reuters is launching its first production-grade workflows on CoCounsel that handle the messy, multi-step work most AI tools can't touch, and making them easy to use. Read the blog Future of Professionals Report 2025 The Thomson Reuters Future of Professionals Report 2025 reveals how AI continues to shape professional work — and what it takes to get ahead. This year’s report shows that increased efficiency, productivity, and cost savings top the list of benefits professionals attribute to AI, making it indispensable for organizations facing rapid change. Read the report Customer support Need help? We want our products to provide you with optimum efficiency. Find technical support, product updates, training sessions, and more. Go to support & training Get in touch For any questions regarding our solutions and services, our customer service representatives are here to help. Contact us Log in to your product Already a customer? Log in to access your account and recent work. Log in Press releases Thomson Reuters Unveils Integration for SAP Ariba Central Invoice Management to Streamline Indirect Tax Processes Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI), a global content and technology company, announces a new integration between its ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Determination solution and SAP Ariba Central Invoice Management (CIM). This collaboration provides businesses with real-time tax calculation capabilities, significantly streamlining invoice processing and ensuring compliance within their accounts payable operations. December 18, 2025 Read the full press release Thomson Reuters named a Leader in 2025 IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Global Trade Management Thomson Reuters (NYSE/TSX: TRI), a global content and technology company, today announced that it has been positioned as a Leader in two IDC MarketScape reports – IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Global Trade Management for Manufacturers and Exporters 2025 Vendor Assessment, and IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Global Trade Management for Retailers and Importers 2025 Vendor Assessment. December 11, 2025 Read the full press release Thomson Reuters and Imperial College London announce new Frontier AI Lab TORONTO, December 2, 2025 — Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI), and Imperial College London today announced a five-year partnership to create a joint Frontier AI Research Lab at Imperial College London. The lab will pursue world-leading academic research in artificial intelligence, focusing on foundational challenges in safety and reliability, advancing frontier AI capabilities, and researching the technology’s broader societal and economic impact. The lab also announced plans to train large-scale foundation models jointly with Thomson Reuters, an opportunity previously limited to only a handful of industrial institutions. December 2, 2025 Read the full press release See all press releases About us About us About Thomson Reuters Annual report Careers Digital accessibility Investor relations Our purpose Press releases Social impact The Trust Principles Learn more Learn more Partnership information Supplier information Global sites directory Site map Contact us Contact us Sales & support Investors support Media relations Office locations Reuters Reuters Reuters News & Media Reuters Best Reuters Professionals Core Publishing Solutions Core Publishing Solutions Book printing for publishers Connect with us Connect with us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn X YouTube Thomson Reuters Do not sell or share my personal information and limit the use of my sensitive personal information