Skip to main content
Solutions
Products
Purchase
Resources
THOMSON REUTERS
CoCounsel Legal: AI lawyers swear by

Introducing one powerful solution for legal research, analysis, and drafting

Discover CoCounsel Legal
Explore additional offerings from Thomson Reuters

Reduce inefficiencies, add greater value to your stakeholders, and anticipate future challenges with our premier solutions.


Legal 

Tax and accounting 

International trade and supply chain 

Risk, fraud, and investigations 

Reuters 

New and noteworthy
Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE+: Your intelligent compliance network

Are disconnected tools and manual tasks creating blind spots for your business? ONESOURCE+ brings tax, trade, legal, and risk together in an AI‑powered, connected approach so teams collaborate faster, see risks sooner, and make smarter decisions.

Discover ONESOURCE+
Show previous slide
1 of 5
Show next slide
Featured insights

2025 Generative AI in Professional Services Report

This Thomson Reuters Institute report reveals a marketplace where professionals feel positively about using GenAI, even if their organizations may not be fully integrating it into all business strategies yet.

Read the report
Introducing Our First CoCounsel Guided Workflows

Thomson Reuters is launching its first production-grade workflows on CoCounsel that handle the messy, multi-step work most AI tools can't touch, and making them easy to use.

Read the blog
Future of Professionals Report 2025

The Thomson Reuters Future of Professionals Report 2025 reveals how AI continues to shape professional work — and what it takes to get ahead. This year’s report shows that increased efficiency, productivity, and cost savings top the list of benefits professionals attribute to AI, making it indispensable for organizations facing rapid change.

Read the report
Customer support
Need help?

We want our products to provide you with optimum efficiency. Find technical support, product updates, training sessions, and more.

Go to support & training

Get in touch

For any questions regarding our solutions and services, our customer service representatives are here to help.

Contact us

Log in to your product

Already a customer? Log in to access your account and recent work.

Log in

Press releases
Thomson Reuters Unveils Integration for SAP Ariba Central Invoice Management to Streamline Indirect Tax Processes

Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI), a global content and technology company, announces a new integration between its ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Determination solution and SAP Ariba Central Invoice Management (CIM). This collaboration provides businesses with real-time tax calculation capabilities, significantly streamlining invoice processing and ensuring compliance within their accounts payable operations.

December 18, 2025

Read the full press release
Thomson Reuters named a Leader in 2025 IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Global Trade Management

Thomson Reuters (NYSE/TSX: TRI), a global content and technology company, today announced that it has been positioned as a Leader in two IDC MarketScape reports – IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Global Trade Management for Manufacturers and Exporters 2025 Vendor Assessment, and IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Global Trade Management for Retailers and Importers 2025 Vendor Assessment.

December 11, 2025

Read the full press release
Thomson Reuters and Imperial College London announce new Frontier AI Lab

TORONTO, December 2, 2025 — Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI), and Imperial College London today announced a five-year partnership to create a joint Frontier AI Research Lab at Imperial College London. The lab will pursue world-leading academic research in artificial intelligence, focusing on foundational challenges in safety and reliability, advancing frontier AI capabilities, and researching the technology’s broader societal and economic impact. The lab also announced plans to train large-scale foundation models jointly with Thomson Reuters, an opportunity previously limited to only a handful of industrial institutions.

December 2, 2025

Read the full press release
See all press releases
About us
About Thomson Reuters
Annual report
Careers
Digital accessibility
Investor relations
Our purpose
Press releases
Social impact
The Trust Principles
Learn more
Partnership information
Supplier information
Global sites directory
Site map
Contact us
Sales & support
Investors support
Media relations
Office locations
Reuters
Reuters News & Media
Reuters Best
Reuters Professionals
Core Publishing Solutions
Book printing for publishers
Connect with us
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
X
YouTube
Thomson Reuters
Cookie policy
Cookies Settings
Terms of use
Privacy statement
Copyright
Supply chain transparency
Do not sell or share my personal information and limit the use of my sensitive personal information
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Thomson Reuters, along with its service providers, may use cookies and other tracking technologies necessary to provide our services and ensure their security. By accessing our site, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home country and to our service providers as required for these purposes. With your consent we may also use cookies and other trackers to improve your online experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyse how you use our site. If you consent to these purposes, you also agree that Thomson Reuters, along with its service providers and third parties, may transfer and process your personal data outside your home country for those specified purposes. You may manage your choices through Cookie Settings. You may modify your choices at any time, by selecting the 'Cookie Settings' button in our website footer.

Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All