Clinically-backed support for calm, clarity & sleep | Thorne Skip to main content Thorne now accepts FSA/HSA funds via Truemed ! Shop Get Started Health Tests Take 5 Daily Gifting Wellness Help Activate Test Sign In Checkout Shop Get Started Health Tests Take 5 Daily Gifting Wellness Explore Now Quizzes Help Sign In Clinically proven. Everyday ready. When life crowds in, simplify. Sleep deeper, feel calmer, think clearer – supported by clinically validated ingredients and third-party testing – so you keep moving toward what matters. Shop new essentials Trending health needs Sports Performance Trending health needs Sports Performance Fuel your concentration Power meets focus in a dual-action powder that fuels your concentration as you hone in on your performance with dialed cognition.* Shop Creatine + Alpha GPC Rest easy, all night long Settle in with an all-natural multi-phase sleep support formula to help you fall asleep faster and wake up restored.* Shop Deep Sleep Complex Restore your state of mind Meet the day with a highly bioavailable extract that helps you manage daily stress and return to a steadier mindset.* Shop Ashwagandha This season’s priority: your health Amid the lists, the late nights, the giving – don’t forget the gift that fuels it all. When you put wellness first, you show up with more to give. Shop the Gift Guide Exceptional ingredients, effective formulas Absorbable Our formulas are designed to deliver the most absorbable forms of nutrients to help you get the most out of your supplements. Learn More Effective We only use ingredients that have been validated by clinical research for safety and efficacy. Learn More Tested We invest in our advanced in-house laboratories and third-party testing to ensure every supplement meets the highest standards. Learn More Exceptional  ingredients, effective formulas Absorption Our formulas are designed to deliver the most absorbable forms of nutrients. Learn More Clinical research We only use ingredients that have been validated by clinical research to be safe and effective for their intended use. Learn More Allergens We test and formulate products with careful consideration for allergens and sensitivities. Learn More Formulas you can trust We refuse to use harmful additives and unnecessary fillers, so you can feel confident about what you put in your body. Learn More Certified quality Manufacturing excellence Thorne has an exemplary record of compliance with standards set by the FDA. Trusted certification Thorne's campus is certified by NSF, the "gold standard" for quality in dietary supplements. Global recognition Thorne has an A rating from Australia’s TGA, the toughest regulatory agency in the world. Certified quality Manufacturing excellence Thorne has an exemplary record of compliance with standards set by the FDA. Trusted certification Thorne’s campus is certified by NSF, the “gold standard” for quality in dietary supplements. Global recognition Thorne has an A rating from Australia’s TGA, the toughest regulatory agency in the world. FAQ What makes Thorne supplements high quality? Thorne is committed to producing high-quality supplements through rigorous testing, selective and well-researched ingredient sourcing, and strict manufacturing standards. We avoid unnecessary additives, binders, and fillers that may interfere with nutrient absorption. To confirm the purity of our ingredients, the potency of our formulas, and the absence of all contaminants, we carry out a minimum of four rounds of testing on every product we manufacture. What’s more, our manufacturing and warehouse facilities are inspected and certified by independent, third-party organizations, ensuring compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP). You can read more about Thorne’s unparalleled quality standards here: https://www.thorne.com/quality. Are Thorne supplements clinically tested and safe? Thorne partners with clinical researchers and conducts clinical trials to support the efficacy of our ingredients and products. Our team of doctors and medical experts substantiate each ingredient in every formula we manufacture based on extensive clinical research and medical literature. At any given time, numerous Thorne products are being tested in clinical trials around the world. Our collaborations with independent researchers help us understand supplement interactions in the body while exploring new potential for our formulas. We invest in clinical research to pursue ever higher standards for supplement safety and efficacy. Why are Thorne products more expensive than other supplements? When it comes to the health of our customers, we never settle for “good enough.” Thorne’s products may be priced higher than some other supplements because of our commitment to quality at every step. We don’t simply meet the standard for excellence in dietary supplements – we set the standard. In addition to our ingredient sourcing and strict manufacturing standards, we invest in rigorous testing in our state-of-the-art in-house laboratories and in third-party certifications. Our commitment to quality at every level contributes to the overall value and reliability of our products for your health. Where are Thorne supplements made and where are the ingredients sourced from? Located in Summerville, South Carolina, Thorne manufactures supplements in the USA using globally sourced ingredients. When it comes to ingredient sourcing, we seek out only the highest-quality ingredients, selecting each one for its purity and effectiveness. We maintain oversight of each ingredient’s origin, providing us complete supply chain transparency. Some ingredients are derived from natural sources, some are fermented, and others are synthesized to be bio-identical and highly absorbable. Learn more about the ingredients we use here: https://www.thorne.com/ingredients Award Winner Top Rated Healthcare Practitioner Brand 3-Time Winner of ConsumerLab.com Survey Recognized for excellence in the 2025 ConsumerLab.com Survey of Supplement Users. This prestigious award reflects our commitment to quality and customer satisfaction. About Who We Are Our Team Newsroom Awards Collaborations Clinical Research Careers Learn Take 5 Daily Health Quizzes Health Concerns Our Ingredients Our Manufacturing Process Wellness Guides NSF Certified Supplements Health Tests Community Find a Professional Professional Tools Thorne Partners Thorne Ambassadors Sports Performance Military/First Responder Support Contact Us Order Tracking FAQs Returns Rewards Quick Order Subscriptions Pay with HSA/FSA Need help Visit Help Center support@thorne.com 1 800 228 1966 Download our iOS app Wellness delivered to your inbox Sign up for Thorne emails © Thorne. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Consumer Health Data Privacy Proposition 65 Accessibility * These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.