___
Contact us
833-292-7732
Client portal login
Products
How we help
Resources
Company
Start free trial
Meet the world’s leading Zero Trust platform

Allow what you need. Block everything else by default, including ransomware and rogue code.

Book a demo
Register today for Zero Trust World 2026!
STOP ZERO-DAY EXPLOITS BEFORE THEY RUN.

Get ironclad Zero Trust cybersecurity with granular control over every app, script, and process in your environment.
Welcome to a world with fewer alerts, less blind spots, and a new level of control — all backed by unmatched 24/7 support.

ALLOWLISTING

A powerful deny-by-default solution that simplifies application control and is quick to deploy. Only trusted software is allowed. Everything else, including ransomware, is blocked. ThreatLocker Allowlisting puts you in control.

Learn more 
RINGFENCING™

Your trusted application containment strategy, ensuring apps can only access the files, registry keys, network resources, and other applications they truly need to function. Nothing less, and nothing more.

Learn more 
NETWORK CONTROL

Take full command over all network traffic in your environment. Lock down access by port, source IP, or dynamically with ACLs that automatically update as IP addresses change. You’re in full control—always.

Learn more 
Explore ThreatLocker Protect
Register for upcoming webinars

Explore upcoming, recent, and past ThreatLocker webinars that provide you with news about ThreatLocker, live hackings, the current state of the cybersecurity landscape, and more.

Register now
The ultimate cybersecurity support team.
Explore Cyber Hero MDR

ThreatLocker Cyber Hero® Team sets the industry standard for expert, responsive cybersecurity support. From hands-on technical help and strategic consulting to project management and active involvement in security events, we are fully committed to your success and protection.


Based in Orlando, FL and proud to serve worldwide

Available 24/7/365

Lightning-fast response, typically within 60 seconds

Award-winning support trusted by security professionals

Delivering unmatched peace of mind for your entire organization

“I feel much safer and much more secure knowing the ThreatLocker MDR team is a highly reliable partner in our holistic security program, helping us maintain strong security across the entire organization better than any other MDR I’ve worked with.”

Jack Thompson
Director of Information Security, Indianapolis Colts

Access controls to
COMBAT TODAY'S
CYBER THREATS

Streamline the way your IT professionals handle their cybersecurity, while preventing ransomware

See Why ThreatLocker

Achieve compliance with NIST, HIPAA, CIS, PCI, Essential Eight, and other regulations

Block unwanted software from running, regardless of administrative privilege

Stop known and unknown viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software
INDUSTRY RECOGNITION

#1 in Application Control

CYBERSECURITY RESOURCES
View all resources
NEW BLOG POSTS
LATEST DOWNLOADS
RECENT WEBINARS
BLOG POST

Why EDR and XDR are not enough: The case for Zero Trust

EDR and XDR only identify attacks after they begin. Learn how Zero Trust, allowlisting, and Ringfencing™ prevent ransomware, fileless malware, and LOTL attacks before execution.

Read post
BLOG POST

React2Shell to real-world breach: How an unpatched dev server led to a Windows compromise

React2Shell (CVE-2025-55182) enabled remote code execution on an unpatched dev server, leading to a Windows compromise and cryptomining activity.

Read post
BLOG POST

How a hacker deleted one Gmail account and disrupted an entire business

A hacker hijacked Café Melo’s sole Gmail account, wiping years of records, contracts, and customer contacts. The incident triggered a lawsuit and highlights how small businesses risk collapse when operations rely on a single account without proper cybersecurity safeguards.

Read post
Read more blogs
HEAR FROM OUR CUSTOMERS

Build your application allowlist without lifting a finger.

Learning mode helped us to figure out what is our allowlist, and it built it for us without us having to do much of anything at all. Once we had that allowlist, then we were able to further benefit to know what our inventory of software was across departments.

Brian Perkinson

Network Engineer

City of Champaign, IL

See everything running in your environnment, instantly.

Within the first week of implementing ThreatLocker, we were able to view our entire inventory of applications—something my team always had to do manually. Within an hour or two were able to see every learned application on our system... that doesn't happen very often.

Ismael Hernandez

Vice President of IT

TLG Peterbilt

Get a clear view of application usage and exposure.

The advantage of using ThreatLocker in our organization is we now have a much better understanding of the applications that run on our estate and the potential risks of using those applications. And it helps us inform our risk score as an enterprise.

Jeremy Parsons

Technical Architect

Heathrow Airport

Get real peace of mind for your IT team.

With ThreatLocker, we have the ability to centralize disparate elements in the security stack, and support from the Cyber Hero team is bar none. Leveraging ThreatLocker allows me to sleep soundly at night because I know that I'm always one step ahead of threat actors.

Jack Thompson

Director of Information Security

Indianapolis Colts

Stop lateral movement inside your network.

Our servers were vulnerable once someone gained access to the network. ThreatLocker was the solution we needed. The platform makes me more conscious of what's coming in and out of our network... It gave me an opportunity to look behind the scenes.

Pierre Anyansi

Network Engineer

Advanced Medical Transport

Go beyond what an antivirus could ever do.

The ThreatLocker solution was perfect for us.  With ThreatLocker Unified Audit, we get a clear description of what is allowed or denied on our network, and why. If I had a choice between an antivirus and ThreatLocker, I'd take ThreatLocker all day long.

Jack Harbut

IT and Systems Manager

Stampede Meats

Control risk across your entire organization.

Before ThreatLocker, we had a lot of risk that we just couldn't control. Now, we're doing a better of a job of providing a secure environment for our patients, doctors, and manufacturers. We want to make sure we're really protecting our network. ThreatLocker lets us do that very well.

Greg Gootee

CISO / SVP of Information Security

Asembia

Customize your security to fit your environment.

What we liked about ThreatLocker was how each tool built on the last, allowing us to control exactly how granular we wanted to get with locking down our environment. We had explored other options, but wWith ThreatLocker, we were able to get everything we needed from one place.

Jeff Lutes

Executive Vice President of Technology

Orlando Magic

Revolutionize your cybersecurity with powerful best-in-class tools.

Prior to ThreatLocker, we didn’t have a solution in place to help with application whitelisting. Implementing it into our environment was truly game-changing because we’d never used anything like it before. It came in, took control, and significantly reduced our threat landscape.

Trixy Otieno

Global Cybersecurity Manager

Seaboard Overseas Trading Group

INDUSTRY REPORTS AND STUDIES

ThreatLocker recognized in 2024 Gartner® Vendor Spectrum Report

See Gartner report

ThreatLocker recognized as a Strong Performer in Endpoint Protection Platforms

See Gartner report

The Total Economic Impact™ of ThreatLocker study 2025

See Forrester study

Executive View: ThreatLocker Protect

See the report
START YOUR PATH TO STRONGER DEFENSES



Get a trial

Try ThreatLocker free for 30 days and experience full Zero Trust protection in your own environment.

Start free trial



Book a demo

Schedule a customized demo and explore how ThreatLocker aligns with your security goals.

Book a demo



Ask an expert

Just starting to explore our platform? Find out what ThreatLocker is, how it works, and how it’s different.

Request information
THREATLOCKER PROTECT
Allowlisting
Ringfencing™
Network Control
ThreatLocker Protect
GET STARTED
Book a demo
Try ThreatLocker
Request information
Explore the platform
MORE SOLUTIONS
Elevation Control
Storage Control
Detect
Patch Management
Web Control
User Store
Cloud Control
Cloud Detect
Third Wall™
CAPABILITIES
Learning Mode
Unified Audit
Testing Environment
Configuration Manager
Defense Against Configurations (DAC)
SERVICES
Cyber Hero MDR
Cyber Hero Approvals
Community
RESOURCES
Blogs
eBooks
Whitepapers
Webinars
Video gallery
Keynotes & podcasts
Press releases
Cost of the breach
Upcoming events
Cybersecurity 101
COMPANY
About ThreatLocker
Online newsroom
Careers
In the news
Success stories
Industry reports
Become a partner
Contact us
Discover more:
Application WhitelistingWeb ControlPatch Management
©2024-2025 ThreatLocker, Inc. All rights reserved.  Privacy policy




