Plan your finances for the people, causes and community you love | Thrivent Skip to main content Log in Thrivent logo Financial Advice Advice Services Free Money Coaching Dedicated Planning Services Managed Accounts Program Trust Services Financial Goals Starting Out Financially Balancing Work & Family Nearing Retirement Living in Retirement Working with a financial advisor Find a Financial Advisor Get started on your journey to financial confidence today. Start your search Financial Advice Products Banking Thrivent Bank Church Loans Investments Annuities Mutual Funds ETFs Insurance Life Insurance Disability Income Insurance Long-Term Care Strategy Products & services Discover Thrivent ETFs Actively managed ETFs designed to help you reach your financial goals. Learn about Thrivent ETFs Products Why Thrivent Company About Us Our History Our Leadership Our Financials Values Our Values Client Stories Why Thrivent How We Give Back Our unique combination of financial services and generosity programs helps you make a difference with your money. Learn about our generosity Why Thrivent Generosity Giving Back Generosity Programs Thrivent Charitable Membership Member Benefits Generosity Client Story Doc's passion for giving back grew with Thrivent, allowing him to impact young people in his community. Read Doc’s story Generosity Resources Learn Insights & Guidance Financial Education Events Market & Economic Update Tools & Calculators Thrivent Magazine Get help Client Resources Claims FAQ Contact Us Looking for a Form? Download important forms or access online applications below. Search forms Resources Menu Log in Find financial advisors 2.4 million clients nationwide** Finish the year strong with advice that moves you forward Explore our advisory approach Retirement contributions Tax Planning Strategies* Charitable giving As we approach the holiday season and the end of the year, it’s important to take a few moments to focus on year-end money decisions.” Eric Bilger , Thrivent Financial Advisor How we can help Explore how a Thrivent financial advisor can help you build a financial plan that puts your money where your heart is. Financial Planning Budgeting & Saving Retirement Planning Generosity & Giving Investing Getting Insured Find the financial help you need Answer three simple questions to learn about potential next steps in your financial journey. Take the quiz Working With Us Our financial advisors help you prioritize goals, establish a foundation, and track progress over time. Meet with a financial advisor that’s right for you During your initial free meetings, we’ll get to know your goals, financial situation, and what you value. Create a financial plan We analyze your situation and deliver actionable steps you can take toward your goals. Take action We have options to support your financial plan and provide ongoing guidance. As your life changes, we can work together to help keep you on track. Talk to a financial advisor to get started. Financial advice: a cost preview We offer a variety of ways to work with a financial advisor depending on your needs. Each service comes with different features and costs. We also offer a full range of financial products . No cost to start Schedule your initial meeting Your initial meeting with your financial advisor is offered at no cost and no obligation. During this meeting, your advisor will work with you to Identify your values and financial goals Understand your current financial situation Discuss steps to work toward your goals Find an advisor Advice services with a fee Dedicated Planning Services Get comprehensive planning services that help you further your financial plan. Typical annual fee ranges 1 Foundational $900-$1,500 Enhanced $2,000-$4,500 Premier $5,000-$10,000 Learn about the service Managed Accounts Program Get advice that can help you get on track with your investment goals. Minimum investment 2 $25,000 Typical fee range 3 0.9%-1.4% As of September 1, 2025. Based on your unique situation, the maximum fee could be up to 2% or 2.5% for SMA/UMA. This typical fee range excludes SMA/UMA. Learn about the program 1. Dedicated Planning Services fees are negotiable. Your fee may fall outside these ranges depending on your specific situation, and your fee may be subject to change. If you elect to combine Dedicated Planning Services with a managed account program referred to as “WealthPlan,” you will pay a consolidated fee for the separate and distinct advisory services provided as part of WealthPlan. Review Thrivent’s Managed Accounts Program Brochure for a full description of the WealthPlan. 2. Each program within the Managed Accounts Program “Program” has its own minimum investment requirement. Your financial advisor may have account or household minimum asset requirements for opening managed accounts. 3. Program fees are negotiable. Your fee will be based on, but not limited to, your financial needs and objectives, the managed account program you select, whether you elect to use other services available through the Program, the amount of assets in your account and/or household, and your financial advisor’s experience and credentials. For details, review Thrivent’s Managed Accounts Program Brochure. Making a difference We believe in giving back to our communities and helping others do the same. 2.7M Clients and others volunteered and donated to address community needs around the country** $ 331M+ Raised and donated by Thrivent, Clients and others** 14.9M volunteer hours** We’re here to answer your questions Get the financial guidance you're looking for by talking with a financial advisor. Search by location Continue "World’s Most Ethical Companies" and "Ethisphere" names and marks are registered trademarks of Ethisphere LLC. For details, visit http://worldsmostethicalcompanies.com . * Thrivent and its financial advisors and professionals do not provide legal, accounting or tax advice. Consult your attorney or tax professional. **As of Dec. 31, 2024. 7160218.10 ® Where Money Means More TM Learn About Us Insights & Guidance Products & Services Why Thrivent Working with a Financial Advisor Quick Links Careers Financial Information Leadership Mobile App Newsroom Related Sites Thrivent Bank Newman Long Term Care Private Investments Thrivent Church Loans Thrivent Insurance Agency Thrivent Merchandise Operations Center 4321 N. Ballard Rd. Appleton, WI 54919-0001 USA Corporate Center 600 Portland Avenue S. Suite 100 Minneapolis, MN 55415-4402 USA 800-847-4836 Learn Quick Links Related Sites Operations Center 4321 N. Ballard Rd. Appleton, WI 54919-0001 USA Corporate Center 600 Portland Avenue S., Suite 100 Minneapolis, MN 55415-4402 USA 800-847-4836 Cookie Settings Forms Governance Tax Resource Center Accessibility Terms of Use Privacy & Security ©2025 Thrivent. All rights reserved. Thrivent is the marketing name for Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. Insurance products issued by Thrivent. Not available in all states. Securities and investment advisory services offered through Thrivent Investment Management Inc., a registered investment adviser, member, FINRA and SIPC , and a subsidiary of Thrivent. Licensed agent/producer of Thrivent. Registered representative of Thrivent Investment Management Inc. Thrivent.com/disclosures. Insurance products, securities and investment advisory services are provided by appropriately appointed and licensed financial advisors and professionals. Only individuals who are financial advisors are credentialed to provide investment advisory services. Visit Thrivent.com or FINRA’s BrokerCheck for more information about our financial advisors. Thrivent provides advice and guidance through its Financial Planning Framework that generally includes a review and analysis of a client’s financial situation. A client may choose to further their planning engagement with Thrivent through its Dedicated Planning Services (an investment advisory service) that results in written recommendations for a fee. BrokerCheck By FINRA logo Check the background of our professionals on FINRA’s BrokerCheck .