TicketLeap | Free Event Ticketing Platform Get Started For Free How it Works Features Pricing Solutions Event Check-In Software Event Management Software Event Registration Platform Event Seating Software Sell Tickets Online Industries Beer, Wine & Spirits Festivals Classes & Workshops Churches Colleges & Universities Drive-In Movie Theaters Farms Haunted Attractions High Schools Museums Music Nonprofit Restaurants Sports Resources Blog Event Marketing Event Operations Event Planning Sell Event Tickets Help Center Seller Login Get Started For Free Event Ticketing Done Right Creating awesome events and launching your ticket sales just got a whole lot easier, thanks to TicketLeap's user-friendly event ticketing platform. Get Started Now Elevate Your Event Ticketing Looking for a ticketing platform that’s super easy to use and free for you to sell your tickets? Power your next awesome event with TicketLeap! Get Started For Free Event Ticketing for Organizers Like You Host your next awesome experience with TicketLeap’s user-friendly ticketing platform for events. Sign up for free and get full feature access to sell unlimited event tickets with no upcharges, monthly subscriptions, or contracts – ever! Start Selling Tickets Now The power of our event ticketing platform Create your free account, and instantly gain all the tools you need for a successful event. Say goodbye to restrictive service tiers, and hello to a comprehensive set of free ticketing features! Branded event pages Flexible ticket types Reserved seating Automated emails Ticket scanning & selling apps Secure payment processing Chargeback management Dynamic reporting And so much more! Explore Our Features Online ticket sales made easy Start selling event tickets in just minutes! Plus, with our mobile-optimized solution, you can manage your events anytime, anywhere. Here’s how: Give us some basic info about you and your event Craft a perfectly branded ticketing page Launch your ticket sales and market your event Check in attendees with our free ticket scanning app Get paid in 4-6 days after your event How TicketLeap Works For over 20 years, we’ve helped event organizers sell more than 90 million tickets! Star Royale Theatre "I have used TicketLeap for almost two decades and their commitment to customer service is exceptional" Rochester Fringe Festival, Inc. "Our organization has used TicketLeap for over a decade. The TicketLeap staff is wonderful to work with and have always been very helpful in customizing the service to fit the needs of our organization. The platform is extremely user friendly, which is a definite plus given the number of seasonal staff members who need to access the ticketing system." Goebberts Farm "We get great customer service from TicketLeap, and that is one of the main reasons why we use it. Their account managers and customer service team are quick to respond and assist with any of our ticketing situations, and they are so helpful in building the events and tickets for us." Affordable event ticketing fees Sell an unlimited number of event tickets for a super low per-ticket fee of $1 + 2% of your ticket price (plus 3% for credit card processing). Pass this fee onto your ticket buyers, and TicketLeap is completely free for you to use! Plus, free events are always free, and we offer a reduced fee of $0.49 for tickets priced $5 and below. Learn About Our Pricing Looking for tickets? Get Help with Tickets Browse Events Expert resources for event creators No matter what type of awesome event you’re hosting, TicketLeap offers you valuable event planning tips and ideas in our blog. We have the ultimate resource for mastering event ticketing in every industry! View All Posts How to Build a High-Performing Ticketing Page Unlock the secrets to designing event landing pages that drive more ticket sales, plus check out our example pages to get your creative juices flowing! Read More The Ultimate Guide to Event Marketing Discover the key strategies and best practices for building a multi-channel marketing strategy  that’ll help sell out your next event! Read More How to Create an Effective Event Budget Learn how to create a solid budget for your next event, from identifying your financial goals to using our free template to manage every expense and revenue stream. Read More The support you need to succeed How do we stand out from other event ticketing platforms ? Our friendly support team! With decades of live event experience combined, our team is passionate about helping you make your events the best they can be! Plus, we offer a robust help center to empower you and your ticket buyers to make the most of TicketLeap. Support Center Contact Client Support Create a free account and launch your ticket sales today! Country United States Canada Australia ticketleap.events/events/ Thank you! You've created an account. If you were not redirected click here to log in. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form About TicketLeap How it Works Pricing Features Reviews Get Started Resources Blog Event Marketing Event Operations Event Planning Sell Event Tickets Ticket Seller Help Ticket Buyer Help Compare vs Eventbrite vs TicketSpice vs RSVPify vs HauntPay vs FearTicket vs Ticket Tailor vs Brown Paper Tickets Industries Beer, Wine & Spirits Festivals Classes & Workshops Churches Colleges & Universities Drive-In Movie Theaters Farms High Schools Haunted Attractions Museums Music Nonprofits Restaurants Sports Solutions Event Check-In Software Event Management Event Registration Event Seating Software Online Ticket Sales Company About Us TicketLeap AU Professional Ticketing Careers Contact Find Events Sitemap LinkedIn Facebook Instagram ©2025 TicketLeap, Inc. All Rights Reserved ©2025 Leap Event Technology TicketLeap Help: 877-849-5327 Do Not Sell Or Share My Information Privacy Policy Purchase Agreement Terms of Service Ticketing Services Agreement