TicketSpice | #1 Ticketing Platform To Sell Tickets Online Attend a Demo Contact Sales Contact Support Skip to main content Features Ticketing Page Builder Drag & drop builder creates powerful ticketing pages Ticket Scanning Ticket scanning by QR code to handle any event Reserved Seating Create seating charts, layouts, and pods Box Office App Sell tickets via credit card or cash on site with ease Branding Control Customize stunning pages to match your brand Sell Add-ons and Upgrades Sell event merchandise and experiences Fast Event Payouts Get fast and direct event funding every week Fraud Prevention Sophisticated monitoring to stop fraud Conditional Logic Actions Create workflows and set dynamic pricing Text Message Delivery Send text tickets to scan upon entry Timed Entry Ticketing Sell tickets for recurring, daily, or timed-entry events Exports and Reports Easy reporting and exporting of all sales and data Take a look at our full feature breakdown All features All features All features Pricing Demo Compare Industries Event Page Builder Air Shows Beer Fests Comedy Events Consumer Shows Fairs Fandom / Comic Cons Festivals Food & Wine Highland Games Music Festivals Renaissance Festivals Sports Events Winter Events Attractions Agritourism Caves Ice Rinks Immersive Experiences Haunts Snow Parks Speedways Theaters Waterparks Nonprofits Botanical Gardens Museums Zoos & Aquariums Reservations Tours Trains & Trolleys Waterparks Speedways Immersive Experiences Theaters Stadium Seating Why TicketSpice Why Choose TicketSpice? Real Customer Reviews Contact Us Education How to Host Your Best Events Decision Guide: Everything Your Team Needs to Know 21 Questions to Ask Your Current Provider Immersive Experiences Haunts Snow Parks Speedways Theaters Waterparks User Resources Launch Guide Videos Watch: How to Use TicketSpice Help Center Ticketing Templates Log in Log in Log in Sign up Sign up Sign up Features Ticketing Page Builder Drag & drop builder creates powerful ticketing pages Ticket Scanning Ticket scanning by QR code to handle any event Reserved Seating Create seating charts, layouts, and pods Box Office App Sell tickets via credit card or cash on site with ease Branding Control Customize stunning pages to match your brand Sell Add-ons and Upgrades Sell event merchandise and experiences Fast Event Payouts Get fast and direct event funding every week Fraud Prevention Sophisticated monitoring to stop fraud Conditional Logic Actions Create workflows and set dynamic pricing Text Message Delivery Send text tickets to scan upon entry Timed Entry Ticketing Sell tickets for recurring, daily, or timed-entry events Exports and Reports Easy reporting and exporting of all sales and data Take a look at our full feature breakdown All features All features All features Pricing Demo Compare Industries Event Page Builder Air Shows Beer Fests Comedy Events Consumer Shows Fairs Fandom / Comic Cons Festivals Food & Wine Highland Games Music Festivals Renaissance Festivals Sports Events Winter Events Attractions Agritourism Caves Ice Rinks Immersive Experiences Haunts Snow Parks Speedways Theaters Waterparks Nonprofits Botanical Gardens Museums Zoos & Aquariums Reservations Tours Trains & Trolleys Waterparks Speedways Immersive Experiences Theaters Stadium Seating Why TicketSpice Why Choose TicketSpice? Real Customer Reviews Contact Us Education How to Host Your Best Events Decision Guide: Everything Your Team Needs to Know 21 Questions to Ask Your Current Provider Immersive Experiences Haunts Snow Parks Speedways Theaters Waterparks User Resources Launch Guide Videos Watch: How to Use TicketSpice Help Center Ticketing Templates Log in Log in Log in Sign up Sign up Sign up The #1 Event Attraction Nonprofit Reservation Event Ticketing Software to Sell Tickets Online Sell tickets online or on-site for your festival, farm, fair, concert, museum and more. TicketSpice is easy to use, highly customizable, and unbelievably affordable. Sign up Sign up Sign up Attend  a demo Attend  a demo Attend  a demo Right now, TicketSpice is helping over 50,000+ organizations make: $5,059,010,192.51 Sell tickets online for your festival, farm, fair, concert, museum and more. Top Events & Attractions Everywhere are Raving About TicketSpice Don't take our word for it. Watch real reviews about TicketSpice. How TicketSpice serves over 1 million attendees "No one else in the industry offers what TicketSpice can." "We're really lucky to work with TicketSpice" "Our life became easier the day we talked with TicketSpice" Previous Previous Next Next Unparalleled customer service “Awesome product with customer service to match! They worked hard to meet the specific needs of my business and were always available for any questions!" - Jennifer Smith , from G2.com Awesome experience with TicketSpice “TicketSpice has been an awesome software for our monthly events. The fact that we can design and manage our own landing page, as well as handle registrants, is a game-changer for me." - Deni B , from G2.com Sold Out In Record Time, Zero Customer Issues I've used other ticket platforms that are slicker, but I keep coming back to TicketSpice. Their fees are lower than other sites, their customer support is nearly instantaneous and seemingly right there every time I need it. - Ladd B , from g2.com "Lightning Lines With TicketSpice!" In the past, our lines took a half hour to get through, but with TicketSpice the line never stopped moving! TicketSpice made our local event feel like a professionally curated experience. We can't wait to use them again! - Isaac G , from g2.com "TicketSpice - Should Be Ticket Sugar Because It Is Sweeeet!" The platform is so easy to navigate and the assistance is immediate when you do hit an issue. - Elizabeth C , from g2.com "Blown away by TicketSpice" This was likely one of the most satisfying experiences I've ever had with any company, from design to implementation to speed of processing, and especially customer service. Top shelf all the way. - Cori C , from Capterra.com Rated 4.9/5 - from over 500 reviews Industries We Serve Events Air Shows Beer Fests Comedy Events Consumer Shows Fairs Fandom / Comic Cons Festivals Food & Wine Highland Games Music Festivals Renaissance Festivals Sports Events Winter Events Attractions Agritourism Caves Ice Rinks Haunts Snow Parks Speedways Theaters Waterparks Immersive Experiences Nonprofits Botanical Gardens Museums Zoos & Aquariums Reservations Tours Trains & Trolleys Waterparks Speedways Immersive Experiences Theaters Stadium Seating Events Air Shows Beer Fests Comedy Events Consumer Shows Fairs Fandom / Comic Cons Festivals Food & Wine Highland Games Music Festivals Renaissance Festivals Sports Events Winter Events Attractions Agritourism Caves Ice Rinks Haunts Snow Parks Speedways Theaters Waterparks Immersive Experiences Nonprofits Botanical Gardens Museums Zoos & Aquariums Reservations Tours Trains & Trolleys Waterparks Speedways Immersive Experiences Theaters Stadium Seating Advanced Tools for‍ Events & Attractions Amazingly easy to use, yet powerful enough for the biggest events & attractions. Check out the online and on-site features that come standard with TicketSpice. Ticket Setup & Customization Sales & Revenue Tools Entry & Attendee Management Reporting, Security, & Integrations Ticketing Page Builder Our drag-and-drop builder makes it easy to build a robust ticketing page. Learn more Ticketing Page Builder Ticketing Page Builder Branding Control Customize stunning ticketing pages to match your website, fonts, colors, and brand. Learn more Branding Control Branding Control Reserved Seating Design seating arrangements, layouts, and pods to match the unique setup of your event. Learn more Reserved Seating Reserved Seating Timed Entry Ticketing Sell tickets for recurring events, daily events, or timed-entry events. Learn more Timed Entry Ticketing Timed Entry Ticketing Conditional Logic Actions Create workflows, require custom questions, and set dynamic pricing in seconds. Learn more Conditional Logic Actions Conditional Logic Actions Ticketing Fee Control Set an optional convenience fee and keep 100% of what you charge. Learn more Ticketing Fee Control Ticketing Fee Control Password-Protected Event Pages Limit online ticketing to specific attendees who authenticate themselves first. Learn more Password-Protected Event Pages Password-Protected Event Pages Digital Release Waivers Get integrated digital signatures for waivers and liability forms directly within your event page. Learn more Digital Release Waivers Digital Release Waivers Virtual Events Sell tickets for your livestream event or pre-recorded content. Learn more Virtual Events Virtual Events Sell Add-ons and Upgrades Sell event merchandise, products, experiences, and more during the ticket order. Learn more Sell Add-ons and Upgrades Sell Add-ons and Upgrades Box Office App Easily sell tickets using credit card or cash at onsite event location. Learn more Box Office App Box Office App Fast Payouts Never wait for payouts until after your event again. Get fast and direct funding every week. Learn more Fast Payouts Fast Payouts Purchase Protection Allow your attendees to upgrade to refundable tickets in case they can't attend. Learn more Purchase Protection Purchase Protection Email Drip Campaigns Become a digital marketing guru and set record ticket sales using our drip email campaign builder. Learn more Email Drip Campaigns Email Drip Campaigns Text Messaging Communicate to your attendees with a robust text messaging platform right in your TicketSpice account. Learn more Text Messaging Text Messaging Google Events Discovery Become a digital marketing guru and set record ticket sales using our drip email campaign builder. Learn more Google Events Discovery Google Events Discovery Presale with Card on File Accept ticket reservations with a card on file and mass charge ticket orders later. Learn more Presale with Card on File Presale with Card on File Ticket Order Management Easily change, modify, upgrade, downgrade or cancel any ticket order using the card on file. Learn more Ticket Order Management Ticket Order Management Event Fundraising Raise more money at your event with TicketSpice fundraising tools. ‍ Learn more Event Fundraising Event Fundraising Marketing Ad Designer Use the TicketSpice ad designer to create images for social media and more. Learn more Marketing Ad Designer Marketing Ad Designer Social Media Tools Control how a post is displayed online. Multiple Facebook like options like prompt to share and many more. Learn more Social Media Tools Social Media Tools Ticket Scanning Scan tickets in record time with TicketSpice. Our scanning app is fast, has built in fraud detection, scans across limitless gates and devices, and is easy enough for your grandma to use. Learn more Ticket Scanning Ticket Scanning Text Message Delivery TicketSpice has made sending tickets to friends and family easier than ever. Send one or send all. Learn more Text Message Delivery Text Message Delivery Attendee Management Smash onsite sales records with our Mobile Pay Pass cashless payments system. Learn more Attendee Management Attendee Management Customer CRM Create and manage large quantities of contacts, leads, attendees, vendors, and more. Learn more Customer CRM Customer CRM Onsite Payments Smash onsite sales records with our Mobile Pay Pass cashless payments system. Learn more Onsite Payments Onsite Payments Fast Event Payouts Never wait for payouts until after your event again. Get fast and direct funding every week. Learn more Fast Event Payouts Fast Event Payouts Attendee Support Cover customer service needs with automated digital assistance and multi-channel support. Learn more Attendee Support Attendee Support Hard Stock Ticketing Need to print hard stock tickets? Yep, we can do that too. Learn more Hard Stock Ticketing Hard Stock Ticketing Real-Time Analytics Manage large amounts of data from multiple events with reporting and exporting. Learn more Real-Time Analytics Real-Time Analytics Fraud Prevention Sophisticated monitoring to stop fraudsters in their tracks. Learn more Fraud Prevention Fraud Prevention Exports and Reports Manage large amounts of data from multiple events with reporting and exporting. Learn more Exports and Reports Exports and Reports Integrations TicketSpice data can be integrated and synced with your favorite online tools in minutes. Learn more Integrations Integrations User Access Controls Invite unlimited administrators, editors, and users to your TicketSpice account. Learn more User Access Controls User Access Controls See all features See all features See all features At just $0.99 per ticket, you’ll save thousands with TicketSpice Average admission price Estimated annual attendees Total savings $154 / year vs EventBrite Pro $336 / year vs ShowClix $41 / year vs TicketLeap Calculator based on ticketing fees of .99 cents per paid ticket. Total savings $41 - $336 / year or $205 - $1,680 every 5 years Calculator based on TicketSpice fees at 99 cents per attendee + standard credit card processing rates of 2.99%. Your rates may be even lower. See Pricing See Pricing See Pricing Compare providers Compare providers Compare providers TicketSpice cost per year is 4,950 or pay 102 % more with the cheapest competitor. Join a TicketSpice Demo Seeing is believing. Attend a demo and check out online and on-site ticketing with TicketSpice. You’ll learn to use the ticketing page builder, manage attendees, run reports, and more. Attend a Demo Attend a Demo Attend a Demo What Sets TicketSpice Apart Fast Event Payouts Any top event promoter or operator knows cash flow management is key. With TicketSpice you get access to your funds fast with weekly payouts. Industry Low Cost Leader With TicketSpice, you'll do more, make more, and keep more. Save tens of thousands of dollars over Eventbrite, Ticketleap, and eTix. Set and Keep Ticketing Fees Other providers make you absorb or pass on their fixed ticketing fees. You deserve better. ‍ With TicketSpice, you set, markup, and keep any ticketing fees you want. True Data Security & Privacy Buried in the privacy policy of Eventbrite, Ticketleap, and others is their permission to solicit, market, and share your attendee data. That stinks. We never have and never will sell data from your attendees. Your privacy is our top priority. Sell Tickets Online & On-Site With TicketSpice Everyday, we help some of the biggest events & attractions sell more tickets. If you are feeling overcharged and under appreciated, you'll love TicketSpice. The Best Solution TicketSpice is the leading choice for top events and attractions. From a small concert to filling a stadium, we got you covered. ‍ TicketSpice is incredibly easy to use but can power the most complex events & attractions with ease. With TicketSpice, you'll get the features, tools, and team to host your best event or attraction ever. See Features See Features See Features For The Best Price Top event pros are choosing TicketSpice to power their attractions and save tens of thousands of dollars lost to high ticketing fees. With no hidden fees, gimmicks, or gotchas, TicketSpice pricing is simple, affordable, and designed to help you run the most profitable events ever. ‍ Our standard pricing is just 99¢ per paid ticket with even lower tiers for box office and on-site sales. See Pricing See Pricing See Pricing With The Best Team The biggest events & attractions need the best support. We're proud to offer 100% U.S.- based customer support 7 days a week. Our passionate and powerful team of event experts will guide you into the best practices and strategies to sell out your event. Inquire with us about white glove service including page building, onboarding, dedicated account managers, attendee support, and much more. Our Support Our Support Our Support Everything your team needs to know about TicketSpice Download the Decision Guide PDF to help your team learn all the advantages of switching to TicketSpice. Send it to me Send it to me Send it to me We care about your data in our privacy policy. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Top events use TicketSpice. Get started today. Get Started Get Started Get Started Create a TicketSpice Account Sign up for a free account. No setup fees, hidden costs, or shenanigans. Customize Your Ticketing Page You'll love TicketSpice's easy to use page builder. Customize and go live tonight! Sell Out! Publish your page and start promoting your event or attraction. Get weekly event payouts. Create a TicketSpice Account Sign up for a free account. No setup fees, hidden costs, or shenanigans. Customize Your Ticketing Page You'll love TicketSpice's easy to use page builder. Customize and go live tonight! Sell Out! Publish your page and start promoting your event or attraction. Get weekly event payouts. Compare ticketing providers We think you should have all the facts to choose the best ticketing provider. Compare providers to find out how much you'll save. Compare Compare Compare Get your questions answered We pride ourselves on world-class help & support. Learn all the ways to connect to our team. Get Support Get Support Get Support Footer The #1 Ticketing Software to Sell Tickets Online & On-Site Rated 4.9/5 - from over 500 reviews Everything your team needs to know about TicketSpice Download the Decision Guide PDF to help your team learn all the advantages of switching to TicketSpice. Send it to me Send it to me Send it to me We care about your data in our privacy policy. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Features Pricing Demo Templates Help & Support Get Started Launch Guide Login Blog Compare TicketSpice vs Eventbrite TicketSpice vs Ticketleap TicketSpice vs Fareharbor TicketSpice vs eTix TicketSpice vs ShowClix TicketSpice vs See Tickets TicketSpice vs Tixr TicketSpice vs SimpleTix Resources Why Choose TicketSpice? How to Host Your Best Events Help Center Contact us © 2025 Webconnex. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Security