For Employees
For Employers
Employee Discounts

That Support Your Lifestyle

Enter your email to continue 
Sign in / Register
Experience more of life’s moments with the employee discounts you want, all right here.

Employees-Only Deals
Stretch your budget with access to special offers and perks.

Your Key to More
From local to national, save when and where it matters most.

Buy with Confidence
Count on trusted service and value—every time you shop.


FunLife Rewards
Earn points and redeem for even more savings.♢

Brands You Love
Shop popular brands with savings built for employees.
Save Big on Hotels Around the World and up to 40% in Top Cities*

Turn your time off into a traveler’s paradise with hotel discounts. From staycations to once-in-a-lifetime escapes, explore 800,000+ hotels worldwide—complete with special rates, workplace perks and 2x points on every stay.

‹

Orlando

Save up to 40%

Las Vegas

Save up to 40%

Miami

Save up to 40%

San Francisco

Save up to 40%

Honolulu

Save up to 40%

Atlantic City

Save up to 40%

›
Sign in / Register
Save on Theme Park Tickets, Shows & Attractions

Add a little adventure to your everyday—with 100,000+ experiences across the U.S. Get discount tickets to amusement parks and family-friendly events that fit your lifestyle and your wallet.

‹

Walt Disney World® Resort

Save up to $87

Universal Orlando Resort

Save up to $72

Live Events

Save big on Live Events

Disneyland® Resort

Save up to $64

Broadway

Save up to 30%

Universal Studios Hollywood, CA

Save up to 41%

›
Sign in / Register
Save up to 40% on Dining & Save on Experiences Near You

Discover 150,000+ dining deals and local offers designed to delight right in your neighborhood. Quick eats, date nights and everything in between—there's something for everyone.

‹

TGI Fridays

Save 25%

California Pizza Kitchen

Save 20%

Auntie Anne’s

Save 20%

Hard Rock

Save 40% 

›
Sign in / Register
Save on Deals that Support Every Part of Life

Shop standout picks at budget-friendly prices that make planning easier and your money go further. Save on health and wellness, electronics and more great deals.

‹

Samsung

Save up to 30%

Lenovo

Save up to 50%

Movie Tickets

Save up to 25%

BetterHelp

Get 30% off

Whirlpool Inside Pass

Save 30% or more

HelloFresh

Get 50% off

›
Sign in / Register
FunLife REWARDS
Reward Every Moment

Get rewarded for living fully. Earn points on unforgettable experiences, including hotel getaways, theme park adventures, live events and more. Redeem points for even more savings.

 

Experience More. Earn More. Save More.

Employee-Approved Perks in Action

"Always my go-to resource for travel, lodging, car rentals and family fun. We always get great deals and enjoy the benefits!"

Karen - Oakland, CA

"The website was super easy to navigate and had great deals! Will definitely use again! Thank you!"

Lorilee - Greenville, SC

"Consistently offers great prices and quality hotel options. The customer service team is also very responsive and efficient, which makes the experience even better."

Maria - Columbus, OH
Confident Spending Starts with Everyday Savings

As a leading Corporate Discount Provider, TicketsatWork is your go-to for meaningful savings on what matters most. Whether you're planning dinner, buying gifts, or booking your next big trip, our employee discounts help you cut costs and enjoy more of life's moments—big and small. From hotels and car rentals to popular attractions, theme parks, concerts, sports, live events, appliances, electronics, fitness memberships, apparel and gift cards, find more ways to save on the things you need and the moments you love. Access special employee pricing on essentials, entertainment, travel and experiences—all in one easy-to-use platform. With thousands of deals available nationwide and right in your neighborhood, TicketsatWork helps you make the most of your workplace benefits, stretch your budget further and get more out of every purchase. Start saving today and experience the full value of TicketsatWork—where your employee perks work as hard as you do.

♢Points can only be earned and redeemed towards eligible purchases. Subject to FunLife Rewards Program Terms.
*Top cities include Las Vegas, Miami, Orlando, San Francisco, Atlantic City and more.

×
We're happy to see you again!
Email* 
Password*
 Remember Me
Sign In
Forgot Password?
×
Let's start your adventure!

Sign up to become a member with your

Work Email
or
Company Code

Already have an account? Sign In

Redeem A Reward
×
Forgot your password?

Please enter the email address used to set up your account.

Email* 
Send Email Recovery

Already have an account? Sign In

×
Discover a World of Exciting Possibilities!
Email*
Create Password*
First Name* 
Zip/Postal Code* 
Live outside the US? 
Country*
Country
State/Province*
Please select your country first

Let's Verify Your Account

Please provide one of the following

Select One*
  
Select One
Company Code
Provided by your employer or organization
Work Email
Only used to verify your account. Must be a company email address
Reward Certificate Number
Provided on a Reward Certificate Card you may have received
Company Code*
Work Email*
Reward Certificate Number*
Company*
There are more than one companies with the selected company code. Please select your company from the drop-down list above.
By creating an account, I acknowledge and agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Continue
×
Great News!

Your account already exists on . Click continue to sign in.

Continue
×
Terms and Conditions

Last Modified: October 20th, 2025

1. User's Acknowledgment and Acceptance.

Entertainment Benefits Group, LLC d/b/a TicketsatWork (referred to as "us", "we" or "our") provides the website www.ticketsatwork.com and various related services (together referred to as this "Website") subject to your compliance with all the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein (collectively, these "Terms of Use"), as well as any other written agreement between us (or your company). In addition, when using particular services or materials on this Website, users shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services or materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to the terms and conditions contained in these Terms of Use. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use, including but not limited to the Terms of Sale and our Privacy Policy.

BY REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT,BY REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT, PLACING AN ORDER AND/OR OTHERWISE USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE EXIT THE WEBSITE NOW. YOUR REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, CONTENT, OR OTHER INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, UNLESS EXPLICITLY SET FORTH IN THIS WEBSITE'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR THOSE PARTICULAR PRODUCTS. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH US REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE BECOMES EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON COMMENCEMENT OF YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.

These Terms of Use are effective as of the last modified date described above. We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time-to-time without notice to you. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Website and these Terms of Use periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of this Website after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Terms of Use and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Terms of Use.

As used in these Terms of Use, references to a "Related Company" or "Related Companies" include our direct or indirect owners, subsidiaries, and affiliated companies. "Affiliated companies" refers to entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with TicketsatWork. You may be reaching this Website through the URL first mentioned above or through a co-branded, white-label, or marketing affiliate program (each a "Marketing Affiliate"). However, Marketing Affiliates, and their respective websites, products and/or services, are not under our ownership, operation, or control. Marketing Affiliates are independent contractors. Marketing Affiliates operate their respective websites and businesses subject to different security protocols, privacy policies, and terms and conditions than the ones found on this Website. Links from Marketing Affiliates do not constitute an endorsement by us of the content of their websites nor of their business practices. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant or claim responsibility in any way for, the products, services, offerings, or business practices of any Marketing Affiliates, or the content of their websites. Also, we act as a limited agent or independent seller for those third-party businesses that are providing the Products for which you purchase tickets or vouchers, such as venues, teams, artists, nightclubs, hotels, travel companies, rental companies, and promoters (each a "Supplier"), as further described in our Terms of Sale.

2. Description of Services.

We make various services available on this Website including, but not limited to, the ability to create a user account and/or learn about and/or purchase tickets for a third-party's entertainment or travel services. Fees for the various services are described elsewhere in these Terms of Use or this Website. You are solely responsible for providing, at your own expense, all equipment necessary to use the services, including a computer and modem, and your own Internet access (including payment of telephone or internet service fees associated with such access). We do not agree to act as a fiduciary in providing any services in connection with this Website.

We reserve the sole right to either modify or discontinue the Website, including any features thereon, at any time with or without notice to you. We shall not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise such right. Modifications may include, but are not limited to, changes in the product or service offerings or pricing. Any new features that augment or enhance the then-current services on this Website shall also be subject to these Terms of Use.

You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the services available through this Website may occur as normal events. You further understand and agree that we have no control over third party networks you may access while using this Website; and, therefore, delays or disruption of other network transmissions are completely beyond our control.

You understand and agree that the services available on this Website, including but not limited to any editorial services or your ability to create a user account, are provided "AS IS" and that we assume no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery, or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.

3. Registration Data and Privacy.

This Website is only available for members or employees of participating and active member-based organizations or corporate clients, respectively. If at any time we determine you are not a member or employee of a participating and active member-based organizations or corporate client, respectively, we may suspend or terminate your account without notice.] In order to access all of the services available through this Website, you will require an account and password that can be obtained by completing our online registration form, which requests certain information and data ("Registration Data"); provided, however, that if you access this Website through one of our Marketing Affiliate's websites, if you have already logged in on the Marketing Affiliate's website, you may not be required to have a separate account and password for this Website. By registering, you agree that all information provided in the Registration Data is true and accurate and that you will maintain and update this information as required to keep it current, complete, and accurate.

The information we obtain through your use of this Website, including but not limited to your Registration Data, is subject to our Privacy Policy.

4. Payment of Fees.

If you purchase a product or service on this Website that requires payment of a fee, you agree to pay all such fees. For all charges for Products on this Website, we will bill your credit or debit card, or other specific form of payment, as provided by you at the time of checkout. You agree to provide us with accurate and complete billing information, including valid credit or debit card information, your name, address, and telephone number, and to provide us with any changes in such information.

If, for any reason, your credit or debit card company refuses to pay the amount billed for the product or service, you agree that we may, at our option, suspend, cancel, or terminate the product or service purchased.

In the event legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse us for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorney fees and other legal expenses.

5. Conduct on Website.

Your use of the Website is subject to all applicable laws and regulations, and you are solely responsible for the contents of your communications through the Website. By posting information in or otherwise submitting any form that may be available to you on or through this Website, you agree that you will not upload, share, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content – including text, communications, software, images, sounds, data, or other information – that:

(a)

Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts (including but not limited to sexual language of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals), or otherwise violates our rules or policies;

(b)

Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;

(c)

Infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party;

(d)

Constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (also known as "spamming"), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;

(e)

Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party; or

(f)

Impersonates any person or entity, including but not limited to any of our employees or representatives.

Furthermore, you agree not to use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the website for any purpose without our express written consent; and not to take any action that imposes (to be determined in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionally large load on our infrastructure, or that otherwise interferes with the functionality of the Website.

We neither endorse nor assume any liability or responsibility for the contents of any material uploaded or submitted by third-party users of the Website. We generally do not pre-screen, monitor, or edit the content submitted by users on or through this Website. However, we and our agents have the right in our sole discretion to remove any content that, in our judgment, does not comply with these Terms of Use and any other rules of user conduct for our Website, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate. We are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such content. You hereby consent to such removal and waive any claim against us arising out of such removal. See the section titled "User Materials" below for a description of the procedures to be followed in the event that any party believes that content posted on this Website infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any person or entity.

In addition, you may not use your account to breach security of another account or attempt to gain unauthorized access to another network or server. Not all areas of the Website may be available to you or other authorized users of the Website. You shall not interfere with anyone else's use and enjoyment of the Website or other similar services. Users who violate systems or network security may incur criminal or civil liability.

You acknowledge and agree that we may at any time, and at our sole discretion, terminate your account without prior notice to you for violating any of the above provisions. In addition, you acknowledge that we will cooperate fully with investigations of violations of systems or network security at other websites, including cooperating with law enforcement authorities in investigating suspected criminal violations.

6. Third Party Content.

This Website may link you to other websites on the Internet or otherwise include references to information, documents, software, materials and/or services provided by other persons or entities (collectively, "Third-Party Content"). Third-Party Content may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Third-Party Content and their owners or operators are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the Third-Party Content, nor are we responsible for errors or omissions in any references to other parties or their products and services. The inclusion of such a link or reference is provided merely as a convenience and does not imply endorsement of, or association with, the Third-Party Content by us, or any warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

7. Intellectual Property Information.

For purposes of these Terms of Use, "content" is defined as any information, communications, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and other material that can be viewed by users on this Website.

By accepting these Terms of Use, you acknowledge and agree that all un-disclaimed content presented to you on this Website is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws, and is our sole property or the property of our Related Companies. You are only permitted to use the content as expressly authorized by us or the specific content provider. Except for a copies made for your personal viewing and reference use only, you may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any documents or information from this Website in any form or by any means, commercial or otherwise, without prior written permission from us or the specific content provider, and you are solely responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on this Website. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this Website may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.

Neither we nor our Related Companies represent or warrant that your use of materials displayed on, or obtained through, this Website will not infringe the rights of third parties. See the section titled "User Materials" below for a description of the procedures to be followed in the event you believe that content posted on this Website infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any person or entity.

Unless otherwise specified elsewhere on the Website, all custom graphics, icons, logos and service names are trademarks or service marks that belong to (or have been licensed to) us or our Related Companies . All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. Nothing in these Terms of Use grants you any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, and/or the name of us or our Related Companies.

8. User Materials.

Subject to our Privacy Policy, any communication or material that you transmit to this Website or to us, whether by electronic mail or other means, for any reason, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable laws, contractual obligations, and subject to our Privacy Policy, you grant us and our designated licensees a non-exclusive, paid-up, perpetual, and worldwide right to copy, distribute, display, perform, publish, translate, adapt, modify, and otherwise use such material for any purpose regardless of the form or medium (now known or not currently known) in which it is used.

Please do not submit confidential or proprietary information to us unless we have mutually agreed in writing otherwise to protect such information. We are also unable to accept your unsolicited ideas or proposals, so please do not submit them to us in any circumstance.

We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same. If you or any user of this Website believes its copyright, trademark or other property rights have been infringed by a posting on this Website, you or the user should send notification to our Designated Agent (as identified below) immediately. To be effective, the notification must include:

(a)

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;

(b)

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;

(c)

Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;

(d)

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be subject to infringing activity and that is to be removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the materials;

(e)

A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, agent, or the law; and

(f)

A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringing.

Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Sec. 512(c), our Designated Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as indicated below. Service of repeat infringers of copyright or of users about whom repeat claims of copyright infringement are received may be terminated.

Designated Agent for Claimed Copyright Infringement:

TicketsatWork
Attn: Copyright and Compliance, Legal Department
19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 300
Aventura, FL 33180

You acknowledge and agree that upon receipt of a notice of a claim of copyright infringement, we may immediately remove the identified materials from our Website without liability to you or any other person or entity and that the claims of the complaining party and the party that originally posted the materials may be referred to the United States Copyright Office for adjudication as provided in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

9. Product-Specific Terms and Conditions

Hotel and Vacation Rentals.

Our hotel and vacation rental rates are only available through our Website and Customer Service and cannot be obtained by calling the Supplier directly. We can offer special lodging rates in many cases because our program is a private, member-based program. As such, all hotel or vacation rental reservations made through us, including Exclusive and Special Rates, may not be used to challenge a Suppliers' Best Rate Guarantee, and are excluded from any such claims.

Third-Party Sellers; Shopping Deals.

A number of third-party shopping deals are accessible through the Shopping Deals page of the Website, and we provide access to many international Products throughout our Website. These goods or services are available through third-party sellers (collectively, "Third-Party Sellers"). Third-Party Sellers, and their respective websites, products, and/or services are not under our ownership, operation, or control. Third-Party Sellers operate their respective websites and businesses subject to different security protocols, privacy policies, and terms and conditions than the ones found on this Website. Links to Third-Party Sellers are provided solely as a convenience to you, and do not constitute an endorsement by us of the content of their websites or of their business practices, except that we may receive a payment from the Third-Party Sellers to advertise their goods or services on our Website or a commission based on your subsequent purchases. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant or claim responsibility in any way for, the goods, services, offerings, or business practices of any of these businesses, or the content of their websites. You should carefully review each Third-Party Sellers privacy statements and other conditions of use or sale.

All goods and services purchased through a Third-Party Seller will be fulfilled directly by the Third-Party Seller. We will not be responsible to you for the goods or services purchased through the Third-Party Seller, nor the billing, credit card processing, fulfillment, or customer service. Purchases through any Third-Party Sellers may not be combined with any order made on this Website, and you may not use any gift or reward card or certificate branded for this Website towards any purchase made on a Third-Party Sellers' website.

Offers are subject to change by the Third-Party Sellers without notice, and we will not be responsible for any out-of-date or erroneous advertisements.

International Products and Travel.

To minimize any potential risks or disruptions, you should review any travel warnings or advice issued by the relevant governments before you book international travel, and you should monitor such travel warnings or advice during travel and before your return journey.

Recommended inoculations and vaccinations may change at any time. Please check current recommendations from the relevant government agencies and consult with your doctor on any recommendations before you travel. You are responsible for ensuring you: (i) meet all health entry requirements, (ii) receive the recommended inoculations or vaccinations, (iii) take all recommended medication, and (iv) follow all medical advice in relation to your travel.

You must consult the relevant travel provider, embassy, or consulate for any passport, visa, or any other information or requirements. Requirements may change so check for up-to-date information before booking and departure and allow sufficient time for all relevant applications. We shall not be liable if you are refused entry onto a flight or into any country due to your conduct, including your failure to carry the correct and adequate travel documents. This includes all stops made by an aircraft, even if you do not leave the aircraft or airport.

Although most travel occurs without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve more risk than others. We do not represent or warrant that travel to international destinations is advisable or without risk and we shall not be liable for damages or losses that may result from your travel to such destinations.

In connection with the International Products on our Website, our Best Price Guarantee means that you find a ticket or tour by the same operator and in the same currency that is cheaper on another platform, you can send the applicable Third-Party Seller (e.g. Musement) a link to the offer and they will match the price. The Best Price Guarantee does not apply to previous purchases.

Flights.

Flights and vacation packages are offered through our service provider, Mondee, Inc., a Delaware corporation, doing business as TripPlanet (hereinafter, "TripPlanet"). TripPlanet is located at 11801 Domain Blvd., FL, Austin, TX 78758. Please note that flight and vacation package Products are sold separately to you by TripPlanet and when you purchase or book such Products you are entering into a contract with TripPlanet.

Cruises.

Cruises are offered through Odysseus Solutions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, located at 12400 SW 81st Avenue, Miami, FL 33156. Cruise Products are sold to you by Odysseus Solutions, LLC, subject to the terms and conditions of this Website.

10. Bookings on behalf of Third Parties.

If you use this Website to make a purchase or booking on behalf of a third-party, such as a family member or a traveling companion, you are responsible for any error in the accuracy of information provided in connection with such use (for example, the billing address, and phone number of the credit card holder), you must inform such third-party of all terms and conditions applicable to their use of the purchase or booking, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, suits, and claims (including the costs of defense), relating to your or such third-party's failure to fulfill any of its obligations described above and in these Terms of Use.

11. Text Message Program Terms.

We may offer customers mobile marketing messages about the latest events, experiences, products, and other exclusive offers by SMS and/or MMS message (the "SMS/MMS Program").

Signing Up and Opting-In to the SMS/MMS Program

To opt-in to receive text messages, you must be 18 years old or older, provide a working mobile phone number, and follow any required instructions to confirm your choice to opt-in to the SMS/MMS Program. We reserve the right to modify or stop offering the SMS/MMS Program at any time with or without notice.

By opting into the SMS/MMS Program, you:

authorize us to use automated, autodialer and/or non-autodialer technology to send you text messages to your phone number.
acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of using the Website.
confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in.
consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in.

Messages You May Receive

Once you affirm your choice to opt into the SMS/MMS Program, your message frequency may vary. You may receive an alert regarding:

you are welcomed into the SMS/MMS Program
an order has been placed
an upcoming event reminder
links to access vouchers/barcodes/tickets
there are general marketing or promotions

Message Frequency

The number of text messages that you receive will vary depending on events or general marketing messages.

To Opt-Out

To stop receiving text messages from us, text the word STOP, END, UNSUBSCRIBE, QUIT, or CANCEL to 52404 any time or reply STOP, END, UNSUBSCRIBE, QUIT, or CANCEL to any of the text messages you have received from us. You acknowledge that the text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the STOP, END, UNSUBSCRIBE, QUIT, or CANCEL keyword commands and agree that we and our service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. This Agreement still will apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the SMS/MMS Program.

Questions

You can text HELP for help at any time. This will provide you a link to the terms and conditions along with a phone number to call for assistance. You can also contact us at 855-701-3980.

Charges and Carriers

We do not charge for the SMS/MMS Program, but you acknowledge that you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with messaging imposed by your wireless provider as a result of the SMS/MMS Program. Message & data rates may apply.

Access or Delivery to Mobile Network is Not Guaranteed

It is your responsibility to determine if your mobile carrier supports text messaging and if your mobile device is capable of receiving text messages. Your receipt of our text messages is subject to the terms and conditions of your agreement(s) with your mobile carrier.

Delivery of information and content to a mobile device may fail due to a variety of circumstances or conditions. You understand and acknowledge that network services, including but not limited to mobile network services, are outside of our control, and we are not responsible or liable for issues arising from such network services (e.g., delayed or undelivered messages or the security of any messages).

Privacy Policy

We strongly believe in protecting the personal information we collect. Your information will be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein and can be viewed here.

12. FunLife Rewards Program Terms.

The FunLife Rewards Program (the "Rewards Program") is a promotional loyalty program unique to this Website and powered by Zinrelo. By accessing and engaging with the Rewards Program, you may earn FunLife Points (defined below) that may be redeemed for rewards dollars ("Rewards"). For more information, please see our How It Works page, located at this link, which includes frequently asked questions. Only eligible purchases after January 8, 2024 are eligible for FunLife Points.

Eligibility. By using the Rewards Program, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older and that you agree to abide by these Rewards Terms. You will be automatically enrolled in the Rewards Program upon making a purchase on the Website. To participate in the Rewards Program, you must provide and maintain a valid email address.

Program Participation. You may earn FunLife Points while making purchases on this Website, in accordance with the specific promotion rules and these Rewards Program Rules (the "Rewards Terms"). We may also issue FunLife Points to individuals from time-to-time for customer service purposes. "FunLife Points" shall mean those particular Rewards Program measurement increments, which can be used to redeem certain Rewards. FunLife Points and their values are: (a) determined by us in our sole discretion; (b) subject to change without notice; (c) may vary among promotions; (d) are subject to approval; and (e) may be subject to a limit for the number of points that may be earned during a defined period and/or for specific actions.

We may modify these Rewards Terms at any time without notice to you. You agree to review these Rewards Terms periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued participation in the Rewards Program after a modification will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Rewards Terms and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Rewards Terms.

Earning FunLife Points. You may earn FunLife Points through Eligible Purchases (defined below).

Purchases of transactional products (after promotional offers have been applied, before taxes and any applicable shipping charges have been applied, and minus returns, refunds, or credit adjustments, rounded to the nearest dollar) made on this Website ("Eligible Purchases") shall accrue a designated number of FunLife Points as follows:

Eligible Purchases	FunLife Points per one dollar ($1 USD) spent
Hotel	2
All other qualifying Products	1

Eligible Products will be awarded points based on a standard multiplier or another amount as described in a special promotion. Either the applicable multiplier or the total points to be awarded will be indicated next to the Product in the cart and at checkout. Should such indicator not appear, the relevant Product is excluded from the Reward Program.

Specifically excluded from Eligible Purchases are purchases of flights, cruises, car rentals, optional insurances, travel packages, non-transactional products (i.e., good or services advertised on our Website but merchanted by third-parties), and gift cards (collectively, "Non-Eligible Purchases"). Additional items may be excluded at our sole discretion. Certain fees charged by us at checkout may be eligible for FunLife Points.

From time-to-time, we may offer special promotions that are eligible for different FunLife Points than as described in these terms.

FunLife Points will be issued based on Eligible Purchases using the email address you provide at checkout.

FunLife Points will be rounded up or down to the nearest whole dollar of Eligible Purchases. Qualifying Eligible Purchases will be designated in your cart and at checkout by a FunLife indicator next to each item.

FunLife Points are not your personal property, have no cash value, and will not be paid out in cash. You cannot purchase FunLife Points.

Point Reconciliation. Upon making an Eligible Purchase, the accrued number of FunLife Points to be earned are held in pending status and made available as follows:

Eligible Purchase	FunLife Point Confirmation Timing
Hotel bookings and other date-based Products.	

Points are available the day after a date-based Product has taken place.

Examples:

Hotel booked for November 1, 2023 - November 3, 2023: points are available on November 4, 2023.
A four-day Disney pass for December 1, 2023 - December 4, 23: points are available on December 5, 2023.
A Preferred Access ticket purchased on October 14, 2023 for an event that occurs on January 5, 2024: points are available on January 6, 2024.

Other qualifying Products	

Points are available 24 hours after purchase for non-date-based Products.

Example: movie tickets purchased on November 1, 2023: points are available on November 2,2023.

Points Status. FunLife Points may appear in your account under one of the following statuses:

FunLife Point Status	Explanation
Pending	Points have not yet been deposited and are not yet 'available' for redemption.
Available	Points are ready for redemption.
Expired	Points have exceeded the 3-year expiration date.
Deducted	Points that have been transferred out of the loyalty account.

Any inquiries regarding FunLife Points not correctly rewarded must be received within fourteen (14) days of the date of the accrual of such points.

Point Redemption. FunLife Points will accumulate toward Rewards as described in these Rewards Terms. FunLife Points may be used towards Eligible Purchases as follows: 100 FunLife Points = $1 in Rewards. You may not use Rewards towards Non-Eligible Purchases.

The value of the Rewards redeemed will be deducted from the total price of your purchase at checkout. After checkout, the full value of the Rewards redeemed will be deducted from your balance.

FunLife Points may only be redeemed once.

You may be unable to use your FunLife Points if you are otherwise ineligible to purchase the Products on our Website.

Point Transfers or Use. You may not transfer your FunLife Points from one email account to another. You may not otherwise sell, transfer, or assign FunLife Points to any friends, family, or other person. Should you use an email address that you do not own, you forfeit any FunLife Points associated with your purchase that become assigned to such email address. Whether you wish to use your FunLife Points online or through our customer service channels, you will be required to validate your email address through a one-time passcode sent to such address.

Expiration of FunLife Points. FunLife Points will expire three (3) years after issuance at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.

Refunds of Product. If you return/cancel a purchase, we will deduct the FunLife Points earned on that item from your balance. If you already used the FunLife Points and your balance is less than the deduction, your refund will be reduced by the difference. Multi-day tickets may not be divided for refund purposes, for any reason.

Termination. We may terminate this Rewards Program at our sole discretion. Notice of termination shall be provided to you in a commercially reasonably manner, including by posting such notice on this Website or via email. However, notice of early termination shall not be provided for any actions, petitions, or adjudications associated with bankruptcy, insolvency, assignments to creditors, or material business interruptions. Unless prohibited by law, unused FunLife Points shall be forfeited upon termination of the Rewards Program.

Right to Revoke. We reserve the right to revoke your Rewards Program membership and/or revoke any or all benefits you may be entitled to, if in our sole opinion, you have abused any of the Rewards Program privileges, fraudulently use the Rewards Program, fail to comply with this Website's Terms of Use, or otherwise earn benefits through deception, forgery, and/or fraud. In the event that your membership is canceled or the Program is terminated for any reason, all FunLife Points, rewards, or other benefits earned on your Member account will be forfeited.

Taxes. You are responsible and liable for any applicable federal, state, or local income, sales, use, or other taxes which may result from your participation in the Rewards Program.

13. Disclaimers.

ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THE WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (a) THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (b) THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR INFORMATION PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE WEBSITE FROM US OR OUR RELATED COMPANIES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR BE FREE FROM MISTAKES, ERRORS OR DEFECTS.

THIS WEBSITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE PRICES AND DESCRIPTIONS OF ANY PRODUCTS LISTED HEREIN, AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. THE MATERIALS OR SERVICES AT THIS WEBSITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND WE MAKE NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE SUCH MATERIALS OR SERVICES.

THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOADING OR OTHER ACQUISITION OF ANY MATERIALS THROUGH THIS WEBSITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND WITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH ACTIVITIES.

Before purchasing products and services on or through this Website, review our Terms of Sale, which are incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. Additional terms and conditions may be applicable to you and any use of the Website or any purchase you make through the Website, and such terms and conditions will be posted on the Website where applicable.

Content available through this Website often represents the opinions and judgments of an information provider, Website user, or other person or entity not connected with us. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of, any opinion, advice, or statement made by anyone other than an authorized spokesperson speaking in his/her official capacity.

SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

14. Limitation of Liability.

Except as may be set forth in the Terms of Sale, your exclusive remedy, and our entire liability, if any, for any claims arising out of your use of this Website shall be $50.00.

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR RELATED COMPANIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND FOR ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR OF ANY WEB SITE REFERENCED OR LINKED TO FROM THIS WEBSITE.

FURTHER, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR THIRD PARTY GOODS OR SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR FOR ASSISTANCE IN CONDUCTING COMMERCIAL TRANSACTIONS THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE PROCESSING OF ORDERS.

SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

15. Indemnification.

Upon a request by us, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our Related Companies, and their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, attorneys and insurers harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney's fees, that arise from your use or misuse of this Website. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.

16. Participation in Promotions.

From time-to-time, this Website may include promotions offered or fulfilled by third parties. In the event that you enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of the third parties through this Website, any such correspondence or promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such correspondence or promotions, are solely between you and the third party. We assume no liability, obligation or responsibility for any part of any such correspondence or promotion.

17. Security and Password.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all statements made and acts or omissions that occur through the use of your password and account, including any purchases made or charges incurred. Therefore, you must take steps to ensure that others do not gain access to your password and account. Our personnel will never ask you for your password. You may not transfer or share your account with anyone, and we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account in the event of any unauthorized transfer or sharing thereof.

18. Export Controls.

This Website is subject to United States Export Controls. No software from this Website may be downloaded or exported (a) into (or to a resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the United States Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

19. International Use.

Although this Website may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that materials on this Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Any offer for any product, service, and/or information made in connection with this Website is void where prohibited.

20. Termination of Use.

You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these Terms of Use. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.

Upon termination or suspension, regardless of the reasons therefore, your right to use the services available on this Website will immediately cease, and you acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account, and/or bar any further access to such files or this Website. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any claims or damages arising out of any termination or suspension or any other actions taken by us in connection therewith. Sections 1, 3, 4, 8, 11, 12, 13, 18 and 23 of these Terms of Use, as well as your liability for any unpaid fees, shall survive any termination.

21. Governing Law and Venue; Statute of Limitations.

This Website (excluding linked websites) is controlled by us from our offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. It can be accessed from all fifty (50) States, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places have laws that may differ from those of Florida, by accessing this Website you agree that the statutes and laws of the State of Florida will apply to all matters relating to your use of this Website and the purchase of products and services available through this site, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods. Each of us agrees and hereby submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Florida and federal courts in Miami-Dade County, Florida for the resolution of any dispute arising from your use of the Website. You agree to waive any objection you may have to Miami-Dade County, Florida serving as the venue for resolving any dispute between them arising from your use of the Website.

Any cause of action brought by you against us or our Related Entities must be instituted with one year after the cause of action arises or be deemed forever waived and barred.

We make no representation that the Products available through our Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States, and accessing them from territories where such products and services are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

22. Minors.

Persons under the age of eighteen (18) are not eligible to purchase, cancel or modify any services available through this Website.

23. Notices.

All notices to a party shall be in writing and shall be made via conventional mail. Notices to us must be sent to TicketsatWork, Attn: Legal Department, 19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 300, Aventura, FL 33180.

Notices to you may be sent either to the e-mail address supplied for your account or purchase. In addition, we may broadcast notices or messages through the Website to inform you of changes to the Website or other matters of importance, and such broadcasts shall constitute notice to you.

Any notices or communication under these Terms of Use will be deemed delivered to the party receiving such communication (a) on the delivery date if delivered personally to the party; (b) two business days after deposit with a commercial overnight carrier, with written verification of receipt; or (c) five business days after the mailing date, if sent by US mail, return receipt requested.

24. Entire Agreement.

These terms of use and any documents incorporated herein by reference constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and TicketsatWork concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties with respect thereto. These Terms of Use may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended using any other documents. Any attempt to alter, supplement or amend this document or to enter an order for Products which are subject to additional or altered terms and conditions shall be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by you and us. To the extent that anything in or associated with this Website is in conflict or inconsistent with these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall take precedence.

25. Miscellaneous.

You may not assign your rights and obligations under these Terms of Use to any party, and any purported attempt to do so shall be null and void. We may freely assign our rights and obligations under these Terms of Use.

You agree not to sell, resell, reproduce, duplicate, copy, or use for any commercial purposes any portion of this Website, or use of or access to this Website.

In addition to any excuse provided by applicable law, we shall be excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery of products and services available through our Website arising from any event beyond our reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable by either party, including but not limited to, labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, adverse weather, inability to secure transportation, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond our reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above.

If any part of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.

Any failure by us to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms of Use or related rights shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.

26. State-Specific Disclosures.

For California Residents:

TicketsatWork is registered with the State of California as a Seller of Travel. Registration No. CST 2091178-70. Registration as a seller of travel does not constitute approval by the State of California.

Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services, where the passenger is not at fault and has not canceled in violation of any terms and conditions previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly paid to the passenger, unless the passenger advises the seller of travel in writing, after cancellation. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier, without obtaining a refund, and where the wholesaler or provider defaults in providing the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation, the seller of travel must provide the passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the payment, and if disbursed to a wholesale seller of travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler.

This Seller of Travel is not a participant in the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund and is not required by the State of California to have either a trust account or bond.

California residents may use the Organized Retail Theft Webform, managed by the California Department of Justice, to report a crime related to the sale of stolen merchandise to the Organized Retail Theft Program.

For Florida Residents:

TicketsatWork is registered with the State of Florida as a Seller of Travel. Registration No. ST-37777.

For Hawaii Residents:

TicketsatWork is registered with the State of Hawaii as a Travel Agency. Registration No. TAR-7471.

For Washington Residents:

TicketsatWork is registered with the State of Washington as an Out-of-State Seller of Travel. UBI: 605005095.

27. Contact Information.

Except as explicitly noted on this Website, the services available through this Website are offered by TicketsatWork, located at 19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 300, Aventura, FL 33180.

×
Privacy Policy

Last modified: December 17th, 2025

Introduction

Entertainment Benefits Group, LLC d/b/a TicketsatWork ("TicketsatWork" or "we", "us", or "our") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.

This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Travel and Entertainment website powered by EBG (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein are as defined in our Terms of Use.

This policy applies to information we collect:

On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
Offline, in accordance with relevant law, including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the "CPRA").

It does not apply to information collected by:

Any other website operated by TicketsatWork or any third party (including our affiliates, subsidiaries and travel and entertainment Suppliers); or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising), that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

Children

Our Website is not intended for children, as defined under applicable law. Children may not provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child, please contact us here.

Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:

By which you may be personally identified, such as name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, and other identifiers by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information").
Payment information
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.

We collect this information:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses (and by inference, geolocation), and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners, employer clients, and single-sign-on providers, such as hotels, car rental companies, travel providers, activity providers, entertainment providers, producers, and box offices. This information may include your name, company email address, birthdate, and identification numbers.

Information You Provide to Us

The information we collect on or through our Website may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering, logging in, or creating an account, entering a contest or sweepstake, signing up for email updates or other promotional materials, participating in surveys, posting content to publicly accessible areas of the Website, redeeming a reward, contacting us to sign up your company or to learn more about corporate rewards and incentives, nominating a brand you are interested in seeing, finding your company code, or chatting with us. This information may include your personal email address, work email address, password, first name, last name, birthdate, address, zip code, country, state/province, home telephone number, work telephone number, company code, reward number, industry, company name, number of employees, information related to what you need assistance with, order number, and the contents of your messages.
Information that you provide when you submit orders. This information may include information related to your state and country of residency, date of birth, age, past passenger number, title, gender, name, address, nationality, telephone number, email address, dining preferences, travel insurance, government-issued ID, airline, flight number, order ID, information regarding additional passengers, billing information (including first name, last name, address, telephone number, email address, , bank telephone number, credit card issuing bank name, and information related to whether the address is residential or business), pickup information (including the first and last name of the individual who will be picking up the tickets), promo code, gift card/credit voucher/reward number, and payment information (including credit card type, credit card holder name, credit card number, expiration month and year, and CCV).
Information that you provide when you contact us, including your first name, last name, email address, telephone number, order ID, contact reason, comments, and records and copies of your correspondence.

Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies

As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.

We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). See Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information for information on how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable users to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.

The information we collect automatically helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies) - A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Web Beacons - Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit TicketsatWork, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Website content and verifying system and server integrity).

Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across devices and different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.

We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

Information We Collect from Third Parties

We may collect personal information from third parties, such as hotels, car rental companies, travel providers, activity providers, entertainment providers, producers, and box offices.

How We Use Your Information

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:

To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us or from travel Suppliers that you book through the Website.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To facilitate advertising and marketing activities.
To understand how our visitors use the Website and to improve and optimize its content, function, services, and presentation.
To maintain the Website and troubleshoot problems.
To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including our Terms of Use and Terms of Sale.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent

With your consent, we may also use your contact information to contact you by email about our own services and the offerings of third-party Suppliers available on our Website that may be of interest to you. If you wish to consent to this use, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data. If you wish to change your choice, you may do so at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of an email or otherwise submitting a request to exercise your privacy rights, as further described below.

Our legal bases for processing your information include:

your consent;
exercising our rights and performing our obligations in connection with entering into or performing under any contract we make with you;
compliance with our legal obligations; or
our legitimate interests that are not overridden by your interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms, like research and development, and to protect our legal rights and interests.

Disclosure of Your Information

We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

To our subsidiaries and Related Entities.
To operators of co-branded or white-page versions of this Website established for a third party, or some other referring business (e.g., a Marketing Affiliate, as defined in our Terms of Use ). By making a purchase or reservation through this Website, or otherwise with your consent, in any case in accordance with applicable law, you are authorizing us to disclose your personal information to such parties, and agree that they may contact you for marketing purposes. However, we will not share the phone number obtained through the SMS/MMS Program with these third parties for their marketing, sales, or advertising purposes. Please note that these third parties are not controlled by us, and any personal information shared with them is subject to the applicable third party's privacy policy. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any supplier whose products or services you purchase through this Website.
Third-party product or service suppliers sold or advertised through this Website, such as hotels, car rental companies, travel providers, activity providers, entertainment providers, producers, and box offices. By making a purchase or reservation through this Website, or otherwise with your consent, in any case in accordance with applicable law, you are authorizing us to disclose your personal information to such parties, and agree that they may contact you for marketing purposes.   However, we will not share the phone number obtained through the SMS/MMS Program with these third parties for their marketing, sales, or advertising purposes. Please note that these suppliers are not controlled by us and that any personal information shared with them is subject to the applicable supplier's privacy policy. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any supplier whose products or services you purchase through this Website.
To provide you with certain travel services, such as car rentals, cruise, or flight and vacation package bookings, we may share your personal information with certain business partners or require that you transact directly with them. Flights and vacation packages are offered through TripPlanet. Certain car rentals, where noted, are sold by The Hertz Corporation. Cruises are offered through Odysseus Solutions, LLC.] When you provide personal information in connection with these services, you are providing such personal information to those business partners, which hold such personal information on our behalf and behalf of the travel suppliers. Our contracts with our business partners offering these services require them to maintain such personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy or applicable laws. Please refer to the websites of business partners for their privacy policies and other relevant information.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, including advertising networks, artificial intelligence ("AI") system providers, content sharing platforms, courier services, customer service support providers, data analytics providers, data connectivity platforms, data management platforms, fraud prevention providers, marketing providers, payment processors (including PayPal, which operates as an independent Controller for the purpose of processing customer data; for more information, please visit the PayPal privacy statement available at: www.paypal.com), social networks (including links to our LinkedIn page), technology providers, and video management and sharing platforms (including YouTube- for more information about YouTube's collection of information, see Google's privacy policy at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). However, we will not share the phone number obtained through the SMS/MMS Program with these third parties for their marketing, sales, or advertising purposes.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of TicketsatWork's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by TicketsatWork about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.

We may also disclose your personal information:

To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and Terms of Sale. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of TicketsatWork, our customers, or others.

Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. Our Website does not respond to Do-Not-Track signals proposed by the W3C working group at this time. However, our Website does respond to a "global privacy control" signal sent in accordance with the specifications at globalprivacycontrol.org by disabling non-essential cookies and other technologies and TicketsatWork will not track you over time and across third-party websites if we receive this signal. In addition, we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:

Tracking Technologies.

You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Google Analytics collects personal data through the Website, including through the use of cookies. .
For information about how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. For more information, please visit Google's privacy policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&fg=1.
Additionally, third parties, including Google, may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information in connection with ad serving on or through the Website. Our partners will collect personal information for personalization of ads and use cookies for personalized and non-personalized advertising and measurement. Ad serving may be based on users' visits to our Website or other websites on the Internet, and your activity may be tracked over time and across websites. For information about how Google collects, shares, and uses data, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. You may opt out of personalized ads from Google by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. For more information, please visit Google's privacy policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&fg=1.
We may also share information with Oracle, which provides AddThis, a content sharing platform. Oracle and Oracle partners may set a cookie and track your use of the Website, including allowing Oracle partners to incorporate cookies and pixels to enable the synchronization of internal unique identifiers between Oracle and its third-party partners to facilitate online behavioral advertising. Oracle, Oracle Partners, and customers may further use information collected through our Website to enable AddThis Tools functionality, to enable AddThis Publishers and Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud customers and partners to market products and services to you, to provide personalized recommendations and messages, to link browsers and apps across devices,  to sync unique identifiers, to analyze, develop, and improve the AddThis Tools and Oracle products and services, to manage the security of Oracle sites, networks, and systems, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate Oracle's business. For more information about how Oracle, its partners, and customers may use the information collected through our Website, please visit Oracle's privacy policy, available at: https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html.
The Website also uses Mouseflow, a third-party analytics tool, to track page content and click/touch, movement, scroll, and keystroke activity. In addition to your privacy preferences selected through OneTrust, you can opt out directly with Mouseflow at: https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/.

Promotional Offers from TicketsatWork. If you do not wish to have your information used by TicketsatWork to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by contacting us here. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions or click "unsubscribe" in the relevant communication. This opt out does not apply to information provided to TicketsatWork as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience, or other transactions.

SMS/MMS Messaging by TicketsatWork. We may seek your consent to contact you with certain non-emergency, automated, autodialed, prerecorded, or other telemarketing phone calls or text messages or multi-media messages, as defined under applicable law. By signing our consent form made available to you from time-to-time, you authorize us, our service providers, and our Related Entities to contact you, in accordance with the SMS/MMS Program described in our Terms of Use, using:

The phone or mobile number listed.
An automatic telephone dialing system or artificial prerecorded voice.

Targeted Advertising. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads (including ads served using non-cookie technologies) from members of the NAI on the NAI's website, available at: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's website, available at https://youradchoices.com/, to use its Consumer Choice Tools. Users in the European Union ("EU") and United Kingdom ("UK") can visit the European Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.

We use the Facebook Pixel to analyze user activity on our Website for remarketing and behavioral targeting. The Facebook Pixel is triggered when you perform certain activities on the Website, and aids us in displaying Facebook ads to Facebooks users who have visited our Website, or Facebook users who share certain characteristics with visitors to our Website. Facebook and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect information from the Website and from other Internet websites, and use that information for the purposes of targeting ads and providing measurement services. Facebook may track your activity over time and across websites. For more information about the data Facebook collects, please visit Facebook's data policy at: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation. For specific information about Facebook Pixel, please visit: https://www.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153?id=1205376682832142. For more information about ad targeting and exercising your choice to opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, please visit: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217, or http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN.

We also use Zeta Global for the purposes of advertising in connection with the Website. You can refuse or opt out of Zeta DSP digital advertising technologies that include advertising tags (such as pixels, clear GIFs and similar methods), cookies, device identifiers or other identifiers and similar technologies at any time by visiting Zeta's opt-out page, available via the Zeta DSP Privacy Policy at: https://zetaglobal.com/privacy-policy/.

We further use Sizmek Ad Suite for the purposes of advertising in connection with the Website. You can refuse or opt out of Sizmek digital advertising technologies that include advertising tags (such as pixels, clear GIFs and similar methods), cookies, device identifiers or other identifiers and similar technologies at any time by visiting Sizmek's opt-out page, available at https://www.sizmek.com/.

Data Security and Retention

We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

We retain your information for as long as needed: (i) to conduct business with you; (ii) for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy; and (iii) to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce any agreements. We will generally delete your information upon the conclusion of the last of these conditions, however, in absence of any of the foregoing conditions, we will retain your information for up to a period of three years.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you in accordance with applicable law. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

Contact Information

TicketsatWork
Attn: Privacy and Compliance, Legal Department
19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 300
Aventura, FL 33180

Or you may contact us here.

Your Rights

To the extent required by law, TicketsatWork provides you with:

reasonable access to the personal information collected through the Website;
the ability to review, correct, export, and delete such personal information; and
the ability to restrict processing of your personal information, or object to its processing.

When the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing we have already performed. If you withdraw your consent, refuse to provide certain information, or provide inaccurate information, you may not be able to access or utilize all of the features or content available on or through the Website, and we may not be able to fulfill your requests for products or information.

Please contact us using any of the methods identified in the Contact Information section if you would like to exercise your individual rights. We may need to obtain or confirm certain personal information in order to accommodate your request. We will not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

International Data Transfers

When you use the Website and provide information through the Website, we may transfer your information to a destination outside your jurisdiction, including to the United States. The United States has not received a finding of "adequacy" from the EU under Article 45 of the GDPR (or other analogous international data protection regulations, such as the UK GDPR). TicketsatWork relies on the safeguards set forth in Article 46 of the GDPR or derogations for specific situations set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR (or other analogous data transfer mechanisms) in order to transfer personal information across international borders.

Individuals in the EEA and UK: In addition to the above rights, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (EEA) or the Commissioner (UK) if you believe we have processed your personal information in a manner inconsistent with your privacy rights. We kindly request that you contact us first so that we may address your concern.

Your State Privacy Rights

State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at: Attn: Privacy and Compliance, Legal Department, 19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 300 Aventura, FL 33180 To learn more about California residents' privacy rights, visit here.

Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to:

Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.

Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to:

Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature and processing purpose.
Opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.

Connecticut and Utah also provide their state residents with rights to out of processing of sensitive personal data, including personal data that reveals an individual's racial or ethnic origin, citizenship, or immigration status, or mental or physical health condition or diagnosis.

To exercise any of these rights please contact us here. To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request you may contact us here.

Please note that we may maintain and use de-identified data, as defined under applicable law, without attempting to re-identify the data.

Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements.

Canada Privacy Policy

TicketsatWork and its data servers are located in the United States.

Sending personal data outside of Canadian borders may increase the risk of disclosure of information because the laws in the destination country dealing with protection of information may not be as strict as in Canada. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you consent to allow your personal data to be transferred outside of Canada to [DBA] for processing in the United States in order that we may provide you with the services requested.

Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to access your personal data (including the right to access your personal data in an electronic format and the right to an account of the use that has been made or is being made of the personal data and the third parties to which it has been disclosed), or update or correct your personal data (including, where applicable, the right to obtain deletion of any personal data collected otherwise than according to law), at any time upon request. If you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to fully or partly withdraw your consent. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your personal data for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented unless there is another legal ground for the processing.

If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or the handling of your personal data, if you wish to decline to have your personal data collected, used, or disclosed for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy or to withdraw your consent to our use of your Personal Data, or if you would like to request access to, deletion of, or update to any personal data we have on file, please contact us here. Where applicable, you may also contact the privacy officer to obtain information about Member Deals’ policies and practices with respect to service providers outside Canada.

Subject to applicable law, you may also direct complaints to the privacy commissioner of the jurisdiction in which you reside or other applicable supervisory authority.

CCPA Privacy Policy

California Residents

The following disclosures are made pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, its implementing regulations, and effective January 1, 2026 (the "CCPA").

Right to Know

California residents have the right to be informed of the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected about them, including sensitive personal information, collected, used, and disclosed, the categories of sources from which that information is collected, whether that information is sold or shared, the categories of third parties to whom that information has been disclosed, the business or commercial purposes for collecting and using each category of personal information, and the intended retention period for each category of personal information.

The below chart reflects the categories of personal information we have collected from California residents during the past twelve months, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the business or commercial purpose for which the information was collected, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that information, and our anticipated retention period for each category of information.

Personal Information Category set forth in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140	Source(s) of Personal Information Collection	Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection/Use	Third Parties, Service Providers, and Contractors Receiving Personal Information Category	Retention Period
Personal identifiers, including real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license or passport number, or other similar identifiers.	Directly from you; indirectly from you as you navigate or use our Website; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; Devices you use to access our Website; Employers; single-sign-on providers; Marketing platforms; Social networks.	Provide you with our services; communicate with you; protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors; market to you.	Activity providers; Advertising networks; Related Entities; AI system providers; Marketing Affiliates; booking engines; box offices; car rental companies; courier services; customer service support providers; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; entertainment providers; hotels; fraud prevention providers; marketing providers; payment processors; producers; social networks; technology service providers; travel providers; data-analytics providers; video hosting and sharing platforms.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
California Customer Records personal information (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), including name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.	Directly from you; employers; single sign-on providers.	Provide you with our services; communicate with you; protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors.	Activity providers; Related Entities; AI system providers; Marketing Affiliates; booking engines; box offices; car rental companies; courier services; customer service support providers; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; entertainment providers; hotels; fraud prevention providers; payment processors; producers; technology service providers; travel providers.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, including age and gender.	Directly from you; advertising networks; data analytics providers; devices you use to access our Website; marketing platforms; social networks; indirectly from you as you navigate or use our Website.	Provide you with our services; communicate with you; protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors; market to you.	Advertising networks; Related Entities; AI system providers; Marketing Affiliates; booking engines; car rental companies; customer service support providers; data analytics providers; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; hotels; marketing providers; travel providers.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.	Directly from you; indirectly from you as you navigate or use our Website; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; devices you use to access our Website; marketing platforms; social networks.	Maintain transaction records; provide you with our products or services; provide you with advertising or marketing services.	Data analytics providers; advertising networks; activity providers; Related Entities; AI system providers; Marketing Affiliates; booking engines; box offices; car rental companies; courier services; customer service support providers; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; entertainment providers; hotels; fraud prevention providers; marketing providers; payment processors; producers; social networks; technology service providers; travel providers; video hosting and sharing platforms.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
Biometric information.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information about individual interactions with an Internet website, application, or advertisement.	Indirectly from you as you navigate or use our Website; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; devices you use to access our Website; marketing platforms; single sign-on providers; social networks.	Detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device that is owned or controlled by us; identify and repair errors; provide you with advertising or marketing services; perform analytics.	Advertising networks; technology service providers; data analytics providers; activity providers; Related Entities; AI system providers; Marketing Affiliates; booking engines; box offices; car rental companies; customer service support providers; data connectivity platforms; data engagement platforms; entertainment providers; hotels; fraud prevention providers; marketing providers; payment processors; producers; social networks; travel providers; video hosting and sharing platforms.	Barring any legally required additional retention period, up to three years.
Geolocation data	Indirectly from you; devices you use to access our Website; advertising networks; data analytics providers; marketing platforms.	Protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors; provide you with advertising or marketing services; perform analytics.	Advertising networks; technology service providers; data analytics providers; Related Entities; Marketing Affiliates; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; fraud prevention providers; marketing providers; social networks; video hosting and sharing platforms.	Barring any legally required additional retention period, up to three years.
Sensory data including audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Professional or employment-related information.	Directly from you; indirectly from you as you navigate or use our Website; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; devices you use to access our Website; employers; single sign-on providers; marketing platforms; social networks.	Provide you with our services; communicate with you; protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors; market to you.	Activity providers; advertising networks; affiliates; box offices; car rental companies; courier services; customer service support providers; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; entertainment providers; hotels; fraud prevention providers; marketing providers; payment processors; producers; social networks; technology service providers; travel providers; data analytics providers; video hosting and sharing platforms.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
Non-public education information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.	Indirectly from you; devices you use to access our Website; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks.	Provide you with advertising or marketing services; perform analytics; maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service.	Advertising networks; Related Entities; Marketing Affiliates; technology service providers; data analytics providers; data connectivity platforms; data management platforms; marketing providers; social networks; video hosting and sharing platforms.	 

 

Sensitive Personal Information Category as set forth in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140	Sources from which Information was Collected	Purposes for Collection; Use	Third Parties, Service Providers, and Contractors Receiving Personal Information	Retention Period
Social security number, driver’s license number, state identification card, or passport number.	Directly from you; employers.	Provide you with our services; communicate with you; protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors.	Activity providers; Related Entities; Marketing Affiliates; box offices; car rental companies; customer service support providers; data management platforms; entertainment providers; hotels; fraud prevention providers; producers; technology service providers; travel providers.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
Account access credentials (user names, account numbers, or card numbers combined with required access code, security code or password to access an account).	Directly from you; employers; single sign-on providers.	Provide you with our services; communicate with you; protect and secure our environment; verify, maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance a product or service; identify and repair errors.	Related Entities; Marketing Affiliates; customer service support providers; fraud prevention providers; payment processors; technology service providers.	The length of your business relationship with us plus any legally required additional retention period for this category of personal information following conclusion of your business relationship with us or three years post-relationship, whichever is longer.
Precise geolocation (location within a geographical area of a circle with a radius of 1850 feet or less).	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Racial or ethnic origin	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Religious or philosophical beliefs	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Union membership	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Genetic Data	We do not collect.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Mail, email, or text messages where the content is not directed to us.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Unique identifying biometric information	We do not collect.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning health.	We do not collect.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning sex life, or sexual orientation.	We do not collect.	We do not collect.	Not applicable.	Not applicable.

 

Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information

We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about consumers. We also do not disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in section 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations promulgated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. Therefore, we do not offer consumers the option to limit the use of their sensitive personal information.

Right to Opt Out of Sharing for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising

In the past twelve months we have used data about your activities on our online properties to serve you ads on online properties owned or controlled by third parties. In the past twelve months, we have provided the following categories of information to advertising networks, affiliates, data analytics providers, data connectivity platforms, data management platforms, marketing providers, social media networks, and video hosting and sharing platforms for this purpose:

Personal identifiers, such as unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, device information and identifiers, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; Internet and other electronic network activity information; geolocation information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; professional or employment-related information; and inference data.

If you would like to opt out of this sharing, you may exercise your right using our "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link, by modifying your cookie settings, or, you may do so in a frictionless manner by activating Global Privacy Control ("GPC") opt out preference signal to opt out of disclosures of your personal information through the browser you are using. To learn more about the GPC, click here.

Right to Opt Out of Sale

While we do not sell personal information in exchange for monetary consideration, we do share personal information for other benefits that could be deemed a "sale," as defined by the CCPA. The CCPA broadly defines "sale" in a way that may include actives such as the delivery of targeted advertising on websites or allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior. In the past twelve months, we have provided the following categories of information to advertising networks, Marketing Affiliates, Related Entities, data analytics providers, data connectivity platforms, data management platforms, marketing providers, social media networks, and video hosting and sharing platforms in ways that could be considered a "sale" under California law:

Personal identifiers, such as unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, device information and identifiers, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; Internet and other electronic network activity information; geolocation information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; professional or employment-related information; and inference data.

We disclosed these categories of information to these third parties in order to market and advertise our products and services; perform analytics; and to maintain, improve, upgrade, or enhance our products or services.

We have no actual knowledge of selling the personal information or the sensitive personal information or minors under 16 years of age.

California residents have the right to opt out of the "sale" of their personal or sensitive personal information.

If you would like to opt out of such disclosures, you may exercise your right using our "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link, by modifying your cookie settings, or you may do so in a frictionless manner by activating Global Privacy Control ("GPC") opt out preference signal to opt out of disclosures of your personal information through the browser you are using. To learn more about the GPC, click here.

Right to Delete Personal Information

You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.

Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information

You have the right to request the correction of any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.

Right to Access

You have the right to request the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

Right of Non-Retaliation and Non-Discrimination

You have the right to exercise the privacy rights conferred to you under the CCPA without receiving retaliatory or discriminatory treatment. Company does not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising the privacy rights conferred to you under the CCPA.

Exercising Your Rights

To exercise your rights, you may contact us via phone at 888-217-9565 or by completing our webform, available here. Requesters will need to provide us with personal information in order to verify their identity and residency, including name, email, and state of residence. We will compare the information you provide with our internal records. The personal information that we use to verify identity and residency will not be used for any other purpose.

You may authorize an agent to submit a request on your behalf if you provide the authorized agent with written permission signed by you. Company may require you to verify your identity directly with us and confirm that you provided the authorized agent with permission to submit a request on your behalf.

Notice of Financial Incentive

If we provide a financial incentive, we will provide you with the details, including how the incentive is related to your data before you participate so that you may make an informed decision about whether and how to participate. In the event you decide to take advantage of a financial incentive, you will always have the right to withdraw from participation and we will provide you with relevant directions how.

Contact Information

If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, contact us here.

COMPANY
About Us
Blog
HELP
FAQ
Contact Us
Accessibility
FunLife Rewards
POLICIES
Do Not Sell My Info
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy
CA Policy
EMPLOYERS
Become a Supplier / Partner
Company Signup
Find Company Code
STAY CONNECTED
© 2025 TicketsAtWork.com, an EBG Platform. All rights reserved.

For partner copyrights & photo credits, read more here.

Products and services listed on this website are for registered corporate employees and members only. Tickets and packages may be purchased for family & friends if purchased by employee or member.