Features
Download
Premium
Resources
Sign In
Sign Up for Free
Stay Organized,
Stay Creative.
Join millions of people to capture ideas, organize life, and do something creative.
Get Started
Download
Todo List
Organize everything in your life
Whether it's work projects, personal tasks, or study plans, TickTick helps you organize and confidently tackle everything in your life.
Calendar Views
Easily plan your schedule
Different calendar views like monthly, weekly, daily, and agenda offer diverse choices for planning your time more efficiently.
Pomodoro
Track time and stay focused
Adopt the popular "Pomodoro Technique"—break tasks into 25-minute intervals to stay focused and achieve a productive flow.
Habit Tracker
Develop and maintain good habits
A rich habit library, flexible tracking options, and thoughtful data review help you build good habits effortlessly and lead a fulfilling life.
Powerful and intuitive features
Simplify your daily planning
Calendar
Kanban
Timeline
Eisenhower Matrix
Sticky Note
Efficient Calendar Views
Monthly View gives a clear overall layout.
Weekly View clarifies busy and free intervals.
Agenda View ensures tasks are executed in order.
Multi-Day View enables dynamic adjustments.
Multi-Week View lets you shift weeks for changes.
Rich and diverse features
Meet your unique needs
Constant Reminder
With constant reminder, notifications will keep ringing until you handle them.
Repeat Reminder
With recurring rules like weekly, monthly, yearly and custom ones at your service, you'll never forget a thing.
NLP
Smart time recognition from your input when adding tasks, with automatic reminders set.
Filter
Easily customize filters like "high-priority tasks for this week" to view quickly.
Keyboard Shortcuts
Use shortcuts and command menus to perform quick operations.
Collaboration
Share lists with friends and colleagues, assign tasks, and improve collaboration.
Integration
Subscribe calendar and integrate with other apps. Manage all matters in TickTick.
Statistics
Track tasks, focus duration, and habit logs to get a comprehensive view of your progress.
Theme
Choose from 40+ themes to customize your personalized productivity tool.
More
Sync across all platforms
Whether it's your phone, computer, tablet, or watch, TickTick offers real-time sync and seamless connection.
Download
Recommended by top media
Standing out among other apps
MKBHD

My favorite app of the entire year which is my to-do app. It's called TickTick.

Highly rated by users
Ongoing updates to stay preferred

yuji.チャンネル

Creating an environment for life

近年で最高のタスク管理アプリだと思います^^無料版でも十分使えますよ！
I think it's the best task management app in recent years ^^ Even the free version is great!

MyEducationDiscount.com

The home of EDU discounts for teachers & staff.

TickTick, a task management app that helps users to stay organized, is recognizing educators and students with a 25% discount on TickTick Premium. With TickTick for Education, eligible teachers and students get reduced annual pricing and full access to TickTick's all-in-one time management solution.

Yuuk

GOOD ONE ：“使っていてワクワクするモノ”を紹介

UI全体はシンプルで直感的で、初めてでも使えると思う。
チェックリストでは今日のやること、やるべき習慣を見ることができる。 こうやって一覧で見られるのは嬉しい。
The UI is simple and intuitive, and very easy to get started with. Lists show all the things I need to do and habits I want to track. Everything is just at a glance.

DatingAdvice.com

"All things dating" daily

TickTick can help singles and couples save time, so they get their work and errands done with enough time left over to spend with the people they love.

平岡雄太 / DRESS CODE.

Representative director of Drip Co., Ltd.

To-Doリストも、習慣化管理も、スケジュール管理もできて、ポモドーロタイマーも使える。 タスク管理に必要な全ての機能を兼ね備えた、オールインワンな生産性アプリです！
You can manage your to-do list, habits, schedules, and even use the Pomo Timer. An all-in-one productivity app that has all the features you need for task management!

엔지니어쪼이

Mechanical Engineering student

이 앱의 진짜 최고 강점은 역시 호환성이다. 회사에서 업무하다가도 데스크탑으로 자유롭게 to-do를 작성하고,이동중 편하게 핸드폰으로 빠르게 메모하고, 아이패드로 확인하고!
The real strength of this app is its compatibility. While working at the company, I can write to-dos freely on my desktop, make quick notes on my mobile phone, and check with my iPad!

Moe

Humanist. Engineer. Tech Geek.

Personally the reason I like TickTick is mainly the simplicity. It's minimal and clean. TickTick is packed with features but only the ones that are absolutely necessary.

freeappsforme.com

Free apps reviews

TickTick is the most functional solution at the moment, which can be used at home and in business.

Карина Спивакова

Author of Yandex Zen and YouTube

Поэтому как по мне, то это - идеальный планировщик! От души рекомендую всем, кто хочет попробовать устаканить свои задачи и свою жизнь!
So it seems to me that this is the perfect planner! From the bottom of my heart I recommend everyone who wants to try to tune in their tasks and your life!

Vitaly Salakhmir

IT Project manager

Версия TickTick есть для любого девайса — у меня он стоит на телефоне, планшете и рабочем макбуке. ТикТик офигенен.
There is a version of TickTick for any device - I have it on my phone, tablet and work MacBook. TickTick is awesome.

Yohama Caraballo-Arias M.D.

ICOH, IOMSC, professor, writer and researcher @ UNIBO-Italy

The Eisenhower matrix to view priorities has been a brilliant innovation. I use Tick Tick every day, especially the habit tracker with reminders and the focus function. I highly recommend it to my colleagues and students

Ready to be more productive?
Get Started
Download

Products

Get Started
Download Apps
Premium
Education Offer
Gift Cards

Support

Help Center
FAQ
Translations

Resources

URL Scheme
Refer Friends & Earn
Integrations

About

About Us
Blog
Media

Legal

Terms
Privacy
License
Security
English
© 2025 TickTick Team