TidBITS - Thoughtful, detailed coverage of everything Apple for 35 years TidBITS - Thoughtful, detailed coverage of everything Apple for 35 years Skip to content TidBITS TidBITS Thoughtful, detailed coverage of everything Apple for 35 years and the TidBITS Content Network for Apple professionals Menu Enter Search Search Log In Username or Email Address Password Log In Forgot password? Weekly Issues #1784: OS 26.2, iPhone security when traveling, holiday music shuffle failure, end-of-year hiatus #1783: Hidden Phone setting, Apple executive turnover, RIP David Lerner, TidBITS membership drive, funny Find My story #1782: OCR with AI, Cloudflare outage, contact poster poll, Thanksgiving hiatus, PayPal for TidBITS memberships, #1781: Apple Digital ID, setting contact posters on the iPhone, iPhone Pocket, AI bubble benefits #1780: Comparing the Phone app’s Classic and Unified views, App Store website, Apple’s fiscal 2025 in charts, Tahoe’s terrible icons All Back Issues TidBITS Talk Post Comments Discussions Site Feedback SlackBITS 🗣 Membership Benefits Join TidBITS! TidBITS Members Get TidBITS Email Apple News Bluesky Google News iOS App Mastodon RSS YouTube Categories Apple Inc. Apple TV Apple Watch Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Entertainment Home Automation Inside TidBITS iPhone, iPad, & iOS Just for Fun Mac & macOS Mac App Updates Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Productivity Security Tech News Tip Adam Engst 18 December 2025 17
						comments Compromised Apple Gift Card Saga Ends Well, but Risks Remain Paris Buttfield-Addison has regained access to his Apple Account after a tainted gift card locked him out. But his saga highlights serious risks associated with Apple Gift Cards that should make everyone think twice before giving or redeeming them. Adam Engst 17 December 2025 No
						comments Jeff Carlson Reveals How Cell Carriers Handle Disasters and Mega-Events From the Las Vegas F1 race to the Pacific Northwest's devastating floods, Jeff Carlson's CNET articles reveal the trucks, trailers, drones, and dedicated spectrum that keep first responders connected when it matters most. Adam Engst 17 December 2025 7
						comments 1Password App Zeroed Out by Failed Update A failed update left 1Password’s app package empty on multiple Macs, rendering it non-functional. The good news: reinstalling 1Password resolved the issue with no data loss. TidBITS Watchlist – Mac App Updates Ulysses 39.2 Default Folder X 6.2.4 SoundSource 6.0.2 BusyCal 2025.4.4 and BusyContacts 2025.4.4 Scrivener 3.5.2 Fission 2.9.3 Adam Engst 17 December 2025 27
						comments Compromised Apple Gift Card Leads to Apple Account Lockout After trying to redeem an Apple Gift Card, Apple developer and author Paris Buttfield-Addison was locked out of his Apple Account with no explanation. Despite extensive media coverage and contact from Apple’s Executive Relations, his account remains locked days later, raising concerning questions about what happens to users without high-profile connections—and whether Apple Gift Cards are safe. Adam Engst 15 December 2025 2
						comments TidBITS 2025 Holiday Hiatus—See You in 2026! We will be taking a few weeks off to spend time with family and friends over the holidays. You can expect the next email issue of TidBITS on 5 January 2026. Thank you for reading TidBITS, and we hope our articles have enriched your year! Adam Engst 15 December 2025 22
						comments How the Music App’s “Skip When Shuffling” Option Can Help (or Hinder) Holiday Playlists After 30 frustrating minutes trying to fix a broken holiday playlist, Adam Engst finally found the culprit: a “Skip when shuffling” option he had enabled last year and forgotten about. Is there a better way to silence seasonal music when the holidays end? Adam Engst 12 December 2025 40
						comments OS 26.2 Adds Reminder Alarms, Edge Light, Podcast Chapters, and Enhanced Safety Alerts Adam Engst walks you through Apple’s OS 26.2 updates, highlighting new alarms in Reminders, auto-generated chapters in Podcasts, Enhanced Safety Alerts, and Edge Light for Mac video calls—along with urgent fixes for two actively exploited WebKit vulnerabilities. Adam Engst 12 December 2025 14
						comments A Suspicious Encounter Abroad Highlights iPhone Security Features Was it a sophisticated iPhone hack, a pickpocketing distraction, or just a weird coincidence? After a TidBITS reader’s suspicious encounter with a lost tourist, we examine the security of modern iPhones and offer practical tips for travelers who want to help strangers without becoming targets. Adam Engst 8 December 2025 3
						comments Remembering David Lerner of Tekserve David Lerner, remembered by many for his “May You have 1000 Backups and Never Need One” email signature, has died at 72. Read Sam Roberts’s obituary in the New York Times; we revisit his and Tekserve’s appearances in TidBITS. Adam Engst 8 December 2025 10
						comments TidBITS Needs Your Support in 2026 We don’t peddle your personal information to advertisers or rely on deep-pocketed corporate backers, so would you contribute to keep TidBITS vibrant in the next year? Adam Engst 7 December 2025 5
						comments Find My Saves Dave Barry’s iPad—Twice Apparently, humor columnist Dave Barry’s brain is full, causing him to leave his iPad in public places—well, one public place—but Find My helped him recover it not just once, but twice. It’s a good reminder to turn on Find My and use Apple’s lost device options. Adam Engst 7 December 2025 24
						comments Hidden Setting Controls What Happens When You Tap a Call in the Phone App In iOS 26’s Phone app, Unified view lets you tap a call to show contact info instead of initiating a callback. A hidden setting lets you switch that tap-a-call behavior back to a callback—but it appears only when in Unified view and isn’t available to those using Classic view. TidBITS Watchlist – Mac App Updates Quicken Classic 8.4 Parallels Desktop 26.2 TunnelBear 5.8 Mimestream 1.9.3 Carbon Copy Cloner 7.1.4 Bookends 15.2.3 Adam Engst 5 December 2025 36
						comments Apple Executive Departures Could Signal Welcome Changes Apple’s hectic week of executive transitions could have more profound impacts than just reshuffling the org chart. With John Giannandrea retiring and Alan Dye departing, Apple has an opportunity to fix Siri and refine Liquid Glass. Adam Engst 24 November 2025 3
						comments No TidBITS Issue on 1 December 2025 We’re taking the next email issue of TidBITS off to celebrate Thanksgiving, although we’ll continue to publish articles on our website. You can look forward to the next email issue on 8 December 2025. Adam Engst 24 November 2025 16
						comments Do You Use It? Contact Posters Remain a Niche Feature Two years after Apple introduced contact posters in iOS 17, our Do You Use It? poll shows that over half of respondents haven’t created a single one. The feature’s limited visibility and fussy creation process may explain the lackluster adoption. Older Oldest TidBITS is copyright © 2025 TidBITS Publishing Inc.
            Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About Advertise Code of Conduct Contact Copyright Privacy Notice Cookies & Privacy: We wish we were talking about chocolate-chip cookies here, but our Web site—like nearly all others—relies on a few minor digital cookies. Various laws around the world require us to tell you that fact, so consider yourself informed, if not nourished. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of these cookies. Cookie and Privacy Notice