flash_on

Get up to 4.24% AER on your savings today!

Apply now
arrow_forward
✕
Start Your BusinessBusiness AccountsCreditBusiness ToolsSupport
Open an accountLog in to web
Business banking & beyond

The all-in-one business finance platform designed to run your business better. 

Serving over 10% of all SMEs in the UK, Tide helps over 1.5 million contractors, freelancers and scaling businesses worldwide get back to doing what they love. 

Join Tide for free today.  

Open an account

FSCS-Protected Bank Account by ClearBankinfo

Save more for your business with up to 4.24% AER (variable) - our best rate of the year!

Monthly interest payments, instant access & minimum deposits starting at £1!

Open an account

Everything you need to run your business

Opening a free business account with Tide is easy – apply in minutes and unlock a suite of finance management tools to help you run your business better. 

Make and receive payments faster using our payment tools.

Manage all your business expenses through the app.

Create invoices and do your accounting all in one place.

No monthly recurring fees, get started for free.

Get 24/7 in-app chat support & FSCS protection.

Learn more

Company Formation
Haven't registered your company yet? Companies House charges £50, but we'll get you registered for £14.99 and throw in a business bank account for free.

The all-in-one platform for managing your business seamlessly

Explore our additional tools designed to take your business to new heights.




Tide Accounting

Make completing Self Assessments and VAT returns seamless with Tide Accounting.

Learn more

Business Savings

Earn up to 4.24% AER (variable) on your business savings

Learn more

Tide Card Reader

In-person card payments without the fuss. Get unlimited mobile data and get paid anywhere.

Learn more

Tide Payroll

Simple, reliable, HMRC-recognised payroll software designed to make payday hassle-free and fast.  

Learn more

Apply for business finance with Tide - no lengthy forms, just a quick decision in minutes


More than 17,000 businesses have already secured over £1.1 billion in funding.

Borrow from £1,000 to £20 million to fund new projects, assets and boost cash flow.

Compare loans and alternative finance from over 80 lenders.

Check your eligibility in minutes, without affecting your credit score.

Learn more

Claire Pedley
The Poured Project

format_quote
Once I’d filled in the application online, the account was active in about an hour. I can’t stress how easy Tide is to use.
Open an account
Protect yourself from fraud

All businesses are at risk from the nationwide threat of fraud. Understanding key information can help you protect your business and your money.

We’ve put together vital tips for spotting, avoiding and reporting fraud. 

Protect yourself from fraud

Business tips from our expert community
Read more articles
Small business tips
How to start a business in the UK
Small business tips
20 Business ideas you can get started with in 2024
Small business tips
How to work for yourself: A guide
Small business tips
Sole trader vs limited company. Which is better?
Company Formation
What is a limited company?
Small business tips
How to come up with a business name
Small business tips
How to register a business in the UK
arrow_back
arrow_forward
Independent service quality survey results

Business current accounts
Published August 2025

As part of a regulatory requirement, an independent survey was conducted to ask approximately 1,200 customers of each of the 17 largest business current account providers if they would recommend their provider to other small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs*).

 The results represent the view of customers who took part in the survey.

Overall service quality

We asked customers how likely they would be to recommend their business current account provider to other SMEs.

View all Survey Results

Stay in the loop

Get access to our latest features, offers and business tips:

We understand businesses, it's all we do

Tide is built by business owners for business owners. That’s why we’re trusted by over 1.5 million sole traders, freelancers, and limited companies worldwide.

Open an account

COMPANY
About Tide
Blog
Newsroom
Careers
Diversity and Inclusion
Women in Business
Tide Net Zero Plan
Affiliate Programme
Partner with Tide
Accountant Partner Programme
PRODUCTS
Tide Accounting
Accounting Integrations
Invoicing
Business Loans
Business Loans Calculator
Start Up Loans
Asset Finance
Invoice Finance
Merchant Cash Advance
Payroll
Expense Cards
POS Card Reader
Virtual Cards
Fuel Cards
Company Registration
HELP & SUPPORT
Small Business Tips
Business Guides
Support and FAQs
Member Perks
Feedback
Refer a Friend
Service Status
Responsible Disclosure
Mastercard Partnership
Contact Us
LEGAL
Community Guidelines
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
App and Open Banking Performance
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Whistleblowing Statement
Service Quality Survey Results
Tide Platform Limited (Tide) designs and operates the Tide website and app. Tide is not a bank.

Tide is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 under firm reference number 900843 for the issuing of electronic money and the provision of payment initiation services and account information services under the Payment Services Regulations 2017. Tide is also authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in relation to its credit and insurance broking activities (firm reference 718743). Tide is incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 09595646 and registered office at 4th Floor The Featherstone Building, 66 City Road, London, EC1Y 2AL. 

Tide offers bank accounts provided by ClearBank® Ltd (ClearBank) (account sort code is 04-06-05). ClearBank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority under registration number 754568. Eligible deposits with ClearBank are protected up to a total of £120,000 by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), the UK's deposit guarantee scheme. For further information visit Home.

ClearBank Ltd is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (Financial Services Register number: 754568). Registered Address: ClearBank, Borough Yards, 13 Dirty Lane, London, SE1 9PA

Eligible deposits held in the Tide Business Current Account (powered by ClearBank) are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (“FSCS”) subject to eligibility. All eligible deposits at the same bank are aggregated to determine the coverage level for each depositor up to £120,000, therefore if you have any other product/services with ClearBank these will be aggregated. To find out more and to check your eligibility please visit: About us .

Some of Tide’s members also hold e-money accounts provided by PrePay Technologies Limited (PPT) (account sort code is 23-69-72). PPT is an electronic money institution authorised by the FCA under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 under firm reference number 900010 for the issuing of electronic money. PPT holds an amount equivalent to the money in Tide current accounts in a safeguarding account which gives members protection against PPT’ insolvency.

Tide Cards may be issued by both Tide and PPT, who are licensed by Mastercard International for the issuance of cards. The issuer of your Tide card will be identified on your monthly card statement.

Tide, the Tide logo, the Swell, and Do Less Banking are trademarks and trade names of Tide Platform Limited, and may not be used or reproduced without the consent of the owner.
How we use cookies
Hey there! Just a heads-up, we use cookies on our site. If you're ok with that, click “Accept”. This allows us to see how our website is used and improve your browsing experience, whilst helping us with our marketing.
Customise
Decline
Accept