Meet Tieto noun_Email_707352 Map point Play Threads logo Twitter X logo Fill 1 Meet Tieto Who we are Numbers Our promise Our brand Societal engagements > > About Tietoevry Changing gear We are building the future. Not chasing what’s new – but shaping what’s next. Welcome to a stronger, more focused and simplified Tieto, positioned for growth. Meet the new Tieto Tieto Banktech Powering the future of Nordic banking and beyond Tieto Banktech powers some of the Nordics’ most trusted banking systems with secure, reliable, and scalable solutions. Using automation, data, AI, and cloud, supported by hands-on guidance, we help banks modernize their core, strengthen trust, and deliver greater impact across the banking experience. Read more Tieto Caretech Supporting patients through advanced technology At Tieto Caretech, everything we do is driven by one goal: to better support patients. Through advanced, intuitive technology, we reduce administrative work, improve decision-making, and strengthen safety and quality. Through the Lifecare software portfolio we enable health and social care professionals to focus on what matters most: people Read more Tieto Indtech Securing the digital backbone of tomorrow’s society Tieto Indtech delivers segment-specific software solutions for niche markets where data is critical, and complexity is high. By harnessing these challenges, we help organizations simplify operations, strengthen resilience, and create lasting impact across industries forming the digital backbone of society. Read more Tieto Tech Consulting Delivering smarter solutions that unlock technology’s potential Tieto Tech Consulting works as a true partner, solving clients’ toughest technology challenges and delivering reliable outcomes that drive measurable results. By merging data, cloud, AI and design with deep industry expertise, we create impactful yet intuitive digital solutions that empower people and move businesses forward. Read more Facts & figures Subtitle REVENUE, MEUR 1 880 PERSONNEL 14 693 NUMBER OF OPERATING COUNTRIES ~90 REDUCTION IN GHG EMISSIONS SINCE 2020 87% *in own operations Our promise We’re Tieto and we’re turning potential into impact. It's our legacy to advance businesses and societies with purposeful technology - by delivering software and digital consulting services. Now we are taking the next leap with sharper intelligence, smarter innovation, and a closer connection to our customers. This means diagnosing faster, banking safer, and making data more valuable. Our people turn innovation into meaningful and lasting progress. But we are not chasing what's new - we are shaping what's next. We are Tieto. And we are unlocking lasting impact. Read more about the new brand Tietoevry is evolving – to Tieto Our new name honours our Nordic roots, but our focus extends far beyond. Tieto means knowledge. We turn that knowledge into results that matter. The new brand, including the new names, will come to life gradually during the next few months. Stay tuned. Advancing with purposeful technology Our solutions are built to do more than work – they’re built to make a difference. We bring sharper intelligence, deeper understanding, and creative thinking to help our customers move confidently towards what’s next. From diagnosing faster to connecting safer, we create tangible value that lasts. We’re not here just to keep pace with change, we’re here to shape it. Impact powered by people At the heart of Tieto are our people – collaborators, creators, and problem-solvers who bring innovations to life. Our 15,000 experts are here to help businesses and societies thrive. Bringing industry knowledge together with technical expertise to unlock lasting impact. As we begin a new chapter, we forge ahead as Tieto. Improving digital equality in society We believe the future lies with today’s youth, and technology is shaping that future. This is why we invest in young people and support children and youth in less fortunate circumstances across several of our operating countries, helping them progress in life and avoid exclusion. We continue to focus on improving digital equality in society by strengthening digital competencies and skills among disadvantaged groups. Read more about our key societal engagements below. The Children and Youth Foundation In Finland, Tieto has long partnered with the Children and Youth Foundation’s Futures School, which promotes future-oriented education in Finnish secondary schools. This year, our collaboration continued with Youth Visions of the Future 2025, an art and research project based on the views of over 2,400 young people across Finland. The project highlights the hopes, concerns, and expectations of today’s youth. Kodcentrum The vision of the Swedish organisation Kodcentrum is that all children should have equal opportunities to learn programming and digital creation. Through the partnership, Tieto and Kodcentrum aim to open the door to digital creation for more children and young people. UNICEF Norway UNICEF, the United Nations agency for children, works to protect the rights of every child, especially the most disadvantaged and hardest to reach. Across more than 190 countries and territories, UNICEF does whatever it takes to help children survive, thrive and fulfil their potential. In Norway, we partner with UNICEF to promote the responsible use of technology among children and youth, with a special focus on children and AI. Startup Refugees Startup Refugees is a non-profit organization that supports refugees, asylum seekers and other migrants in employment, skills development and entrepreneurship in Finland. We have organized several mentoring programs where Tieto employees acted as mentors, and were paired with mentees via Startup Refugees based on shared competences and professional interests. Empowering children through education Through our long-standing partnership with the Lila Poonawalla Foundation , we help academically talented but financially challenged girls pursue higher education, complemented by mentoring and volunteering opportunities from our employees. To strengthen digital literacy and life skills among disadvantaged children, we work with the Identity Foundation , and our collaboration with Yuva Parivartan focuses on vocational training and capacity-building programmes. Additional collaborations In addition, we contribute to broader social welfare and empowerment efforts through organisations such as Ramakrishna Mission Ashram , and by partnering with the Swedish Chamber of India (SCCI) and Finnish Chamber in India (FinCham) to support NGOs working on poverty alleviation and female empowerment. We also work with selected partners and NGOs in Ukraine. Tomorrow starts today. At Tietoevry, we believe it’s time to shift perspective. It’s not about what technology can do anymore — but what it should. So that the futures of businesses, societies, and humanity can live and thrive. Side by side. About Tietoevry Contact us Careers Investors Sustainability INFORMATION Privacy notice Legal notice Information for suppliers Partners Cookie settings EXPLORE MORE Success stories Our insights Newsroom Events © 2025 Tietoevry Share on Facebook Share on Threads Share on LinkedIn Notice Please observe that you are moving away from the local pages into the global Tietoevry.com website. Cancel Yes Close You are now directed to vivicta.com. As of 2 September 2025, Vivicta (formerly known as Tietoevry Tech Services), operates as a standalone company. Cancel Continue