TightVNC: VNC-Compatible Free Remote Desktop Software TightVNC Software Free, Lightweight, Fast and Reliable Remote Desktop Software Featured: Get MightyViewer! TightVNC: Home News Download Now! Change Log Report Bugs F.A.Q. Licensing / SDK: Products & SDKs .NET Viewer SDK Server for Windows Server for Unix/Linux Server for macOS Information: Documentation Mailing Lists Privacy Policy Historical Products: TightVNC v1.3 (old) TightVNC Java Viewer RFB Player (Java) Tight Decoder (src) VNC Reflector (Unix) Feedback: Contact Us What is TightVNC? TightVNC is a free and Open Source remote desktop software that lets you access and control a
    computer over the network. With its intuitive interface, you can interact with the remote
    screen as if you were sitting in front of it. You can open files, launch applications, and
    perform other actions on the remote desktop almost as if you were physically there. Get It Now! Get your free copy of TightVNC! Get Remote Ripple ,
          our modern VNC client for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android
            ( now free as well ). More Software by TightVNC Authors MightyViewer ,
        a VNC Monitoring Tool for Windows – download before January 1, 2026, ahead of upcoming pricing and licensing changes . Software and SDKs for Commercial Developers Try .NET Viewer SDK – integrate TightVNC Viewer in your .NET software! Source Code and SDKs – TightVNC server and viewer components for various systems and platforms. Selected News December 24, 2025 – MightyViewer 1.4.12 – Final Chance for High-Volume Licenses We are proud to announce the release of MightyViewer version 1.4.12. This update introduces a new
    full-screen Monitoring mode and Dark Mode, and includes additional usability improvements and bug fixes. Important: MightyViewer prices will increase on January 1, 2026.
    In addition, the licensing model will change: Site License and Unlimited License will be discontinued.
    Purchasing before these changes allows you to save hundreds or even thousands of dollars if you require more than a few installations.
    Review current terms and purchase before the change at mightyviewer.com . August 15, 2024 – Remote Ripple for Windows 1.2.0 Is Out We're excited to announce a major update to Remote Ripple for Windows, our new generation free
    VNC viewer. Version 1.2.0 introduces a redesigned user interface aligned with MightyViewer ,
    multi-monitor support, and new desktop scaling options. The app can now remember up to 100
    connections, save VNC passwords, and offers improved error handling for smoother
    troubleshooting. Please read the full
    announcement and try out the new version ! August 14, 2024 – TightVNC for Windows 2.8.85 Released We've released a minor update to TightVNC for Windows, addressing connection issues in
    Windows XP that were introduced in the previous version. If you experience problems with
    version 2.8.84 under Windows XP, upgrade to this latest version . March 15, 2022 – Remote Core SDK (.NET Viewer) v2022.1.1: Supporting .NET 5.0 and 6.0 Now, in the SDK, .NET 5.0 and .NET 6.0 are supported for the Core component, WPF and WinForms.
    Also, we've added the WPF FileTransferControl to easily implement file transfer functionality in a WPF application,
    and made a few breaking changes in WPF RemoteDesktopControl and Core extensions. Request a trial version and see licensing options on the Remote Core SDK new website . Read all news Privacy Policy Copyright © 2006–2023 GlavSoft LLC We use cookies to enhance your site experience and for analytical purposes, as explained in our Privacy policy .
            If you continue to use the site, please consent to the use of cookies. Accept and Close