The Blog of Author Tim Ferriss - Tim Ferriss is the author of five #1 New York Times bestsellers and host of The Tim Ferriss Show podcast. My brand-new card game with Exploding Kittens is now a national bestseller! Learn more. About Tim Ferriss Bio Causes Contact Tim Ferriss Blog Books Podcast All Episodes All Transcripts Sponsorship & Advertising Sponsors of The Tim Ferriss Show Podcast TV Newsletter FREE NEWSLETTER Search Tim.blog Search Browse by topic: 30-Day Challenges (3) 4-Hour Case Studies (50) Automation (7) COCKPUNCH (7) Comfort Challenges (4) Dance (3) E-mail Detox (23) Entrepreneurship (62) Fearless (2) Filling the Void (97) Gadgets (15) Geoarbitrage (8) Interviews (29) Investing (19) Language (16) Low-Information Diet (42) Marketing (54) Mental Performance (42) Mini-retirements (24) Muse Examples (9) Nonsense (5) Opening the Kimono – OTK (3) Outsourcing Life (17) Physical Performance (50) Practical Philosophy (39) Presentations (3) Protecting Time (14) Psychedelics (18) Quarterly Shipments (3) Random (29) Remote Offices (7) Rockstar Living in… (5) Rust and Iron (2) Science (6) The 4-Hour Body – 4HB (54) The 4-Hour Chef – 4HC (39) The 4-Hour Chef Recipes (1) The Book – 4HWW (45) The Slow-Carb Diet (5) The Tim Ferriss Experiment – TFX (11) The Tim Ferriss Show (796) The Tim Ferriss Show Transcripts (593) Tim Ferriss Book Club (6) Tools of Titans (9) Travel (67) Tribe of Mentors (11) Uncategorized (49) Writing and Blogging (65) 4,000+ 5-Star Reviews, Top-10 Highlighted Book of All Time. “A cross between Jack Welch and a Buddhist monk.” “The world’s best human guinea pig.” Why you should define your fears instead of your goals “The most surprising self-help hit of the decade.” Tim Ferriss and Jimmy Fallon Do AcroYoga Get Free Chapters of The 4-Hour Workweek , The 4-Hour Body , and The 4-Hour Chef . Email Δ The Tim Ferriss Show The Tim Ferriss Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world, with more than one billion downloads. It has been selected for “Best of Apple Podcasts” three times. Each episode, I deconstruct world-class performers from eclectic areas (investing, sports, business, art, etc.) to extract the tactics, tools, and routines that listeners can use. Listen on Apple Podcasts Listen on Spotify Watch and Listen on YouTube More RSS feed Overcast Podcast Addict Pocket Casts Castbox YouTube Music Amazon Music Audible Start here. Featured interviews Hugh Jackman Best Decisions, Daily Routines, The 85% Rule, Favorite Exercises, Mind Training, and Much More Play Episode Eric Schmidt The Promises and Perils of AI, Profound Revolutions on the Horizon, and Exploring the Meaning of Life Play Episode Jamie Foxx Workout Routines, Success Habits, and Untold Hollywood Stories Play Episode Jerry Seinfeld A Comedy Legend’s Systems, Routines, and Methods for Success Play Episode Naval Ravikant On Happiness, Reducing Anxiety, and More Play Episode Elizabeth Gilbert How to Set Strong Boundaries, Overcome Purpose Anxiety, and Find Your Deep Inner Voice Play Episode Jim Collins A Rare Interview with a Reclusive Polymath Play Episode Arnold Schwarzenegger On Psychological Warfare (And Much More) Play Episode Boyd Varty The Lion Tracker’s Guide to Life Play Episode Matthew McConaughey The Power of “No, Thank You,” Key Life Lessons, 30+ Years of Diary Notes, and The Art of Catching Greenlights Play Episode Terry Crews How to Have, Do, and Be All You Want Play Episode Seth Godin On The Game of Life, The Value of Hacks, and Overcoming Anxiety Play Episode Henry Shukman Zen, Tools for Awakening, Ayahuasca vs. Meditation, Intro to Koans, and Using Wounds as the Doorway Play Episode Martha Beck The Amazing and Brutal Results of Zero Lies for 365 Days, How to Do a Beginner “Integrity Cleanse,” Lessons from Lion Trackers, and Novel Tactics for Reducing Anxiety Play Episode Diana Chapman How to Get Unstuck, Do “The Work,” Take Radical Responsibility, and Reduce Drama in Your Life Play Episode Recent episodes See All Episodes December 30, 2025 The Story Behind EpiPen, The Rise of Food Allergies, and What Doctors Got Wrong (#842) Play Episode : The Story Behind EpiPen, The Rise of Food Allergies, and What Doctors Got Wrong (#842) December 26, 2025 Forget New Year’s Resolutions and Conduct a ‘Past Year Review’ Instead (#559) Play Episode : Forget New Year’s Resolutions and Conduct a ‘Past Year Review’ Instead (#559) December 23, 2025 Arthur Brooks — Finding The Meaning of Your Life, The Poet’s Protocol, The Holy Half-Hour, and Why Your Suffering is Sacred (#841) Play Episode : Arthur Brooks — Finding The Meaning of Your Life, The Poet’s Protocol, The Holy Half-Hour, and Why Your Suffering is Sacred (#841) New! Coyote A card game by Tim Ferriss and Exploding Kittens COYOTE is an addictive card game of hilarity, high-fives, and havoc! You can learn it in minutes, and each game lasts around 10 minutes. For ages 10 and up (though I’ve seen six-year-olds play) and three or more players, think of it as group rock, paper, scissors with many surprise twists, including the ability to sabotage other players. Viral videos of COYOTE have been watched more than 250 million times, and it’s just getting started. Unleash your trickster spirit with a game that’s simple to learn, hard to master, and delightfully different every time you play. May the wit and wiles be with you! Learn More Explore more. Recent blog posts Read All Blog Posts December 26, 2025 Forget New Year’s Resolutions and Conduct a ‘Past Year Review’ Instead (#559) Continue reading : Forget New Year’s Resolutions and Conduct a ‘Past Year Review’ Instead (#559) November 21, 2025 My 2025 Holiday Gift Guide: 11 Gifts to Make Your Holidays Extra Fun, Relaxing, and Delicious Continue reading : My 2025 Holiday Gift Guide: 11 Gifts to Make Your Holidays Extra Fun, Relaxing, and Delicious October 24, 2025 Notes on Being a Man, and Advice for Young Men Who Are Feeling Lost — Scott Galloway Continue reading : Notes on Being a Man, and Advice for Young Men Who Are Feeling Lost — Scott Galloway Popular Tim Ferriss videos How I Journal and Take Notes Watch Video How to Remember What You Read Watch Video How to Use Writing to Sharpen Your Thinking Watch Video Should You Specialize or Be a Generalist? Watch Video Life Is Short: How to Add a Sense of Urgency Watch Video How to Use Your Phone… So That It Doesn’t Use You Watch Video My Daily Practices and Habits to Fight Depression Watch Video About Tim Ferriss Tim Ferriss has been listed as one of Fast Company ’s “Most Innovative Business People.” He is an early-stage technology investor/advisor (Uber, Facebook, Shopify, Duolingo, Alibaba, and 50+ others ). He’s the author of five #1 New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestsellers, including The 4-Hour Workweek and Tools of Titans: The Tactics, Routines, and Habits of Billionaires, Icons, and World-Class Performers . The Observer and other media have called Tim “the Oprah of audio,” due to the influence of The Tim Ferriss Show podcast, which is the first business/interview podcast to exceed 100 million downloads. It has now exceeded one billion downloads. Read more “The Superman of Silicon Valley.” Tim Ferriss and Jimmy Fallon Do AcroYoga An early-stage technology investor/advisor (Uber, Facebook, Shopify, Duolingo, Alibaba, and 50+ others ). “A cross between Jack Welch and a Buddhist monk.” Why you should define your fears instead of your goals Tim Ferriss’ TED Talks 4,000+ 5-Star Reviews, Top-10 Most Highlighted Book of All Time Books by Tim Ferriss The 4-Hour Workweek Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich The 4-Hour Body An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman The 4-Hour Chef The Simple Path to Cooking Like a Pro, Learning Anything, and Living the Good Life Tools Of Titans The Tactics, Routines, and Habits of Billionaires, Icons, and World-Class Performers Tribe Of Mentors Short Life Advice from the Best in the World Download free chapters from The 4-Hour Workweek , the #1 New York Times bestseller. Free chapters of The 4-Hour Workweek , The 4-Hour Body , and The 4-Hour Chef . 5-Bullet Friday – books, gadgets, and weekly productivity tips and tricks. Email Δ Copyright © 2007–2025 Tim Ferriss. All rights reserved. THE 4-HOUR® is a registered trademark of Tim Ferriss. Proudly powered by WordPress / Hosted by Pressable. X Instagram YouTube Facebook LinkedIn TikTok About Tim Ferriss Contact Corrections Causes Media Kit and Samples Privacy Policy Terms of Service Books The 4-Hour Workweek The 4-Hour Body The 4-Hour Chef Tools of Titans Tribe of Mentors Podcast Popular Clips Podcast Sponsors The Random Show Meditation Monday This site is an Amazon Associate, and purchases through Amazon links may earn an affiliate commission. Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent