Free Time Tracking - Best Time Tracking Software, App, Tool, and System for Enhanced Productivity English Español Polski Français Deutsch Português Product Solutions Integrations Enterprise Pricing Book demo Log in Track time free Time tracking Time Tracker Automated Time Tracker Time reporting and analytics Invoicing Billing and budgeting Timesheets AI Time Tracker Expense tracking WorkForce Monitoring Employee monitoring Activity monitoring Productivity monitoring Hybrid & Remote work monitoring ATTENDANCE Attendance management Overtime management Time off management Sick leave management CASE STUDIES 7CGI 33 hours less on time tracking Mirador Analytics Daily time savings on timesheets Gonito 10% productivity increase See all Contact Us Help center Blog PROJECT MANAGEMENT Trello Asana ClickUp Monday Airtable Notion Podio Smartsheet Jira Azure DevOps Wrike DEVELOPMENT Github Gitlab INVOICING Quickbooks Xero Calendar Google Calendar Outlook Calendar See all integrations Contact Us Help center Blog Team size Solo users Small business & startups Medium teams Big teams Time & Attendance Use Cases Track work hours Track work time and activities Monitor productivity & project profitability Bill clients by the hour Billing and invoicing Manage attendance Workforce Analytics Use Cases Track computer activity Monitor employee location Capture screenshots INDUSTRIES Consultants Software Development IT Construction Architects & engineers Agencies Professional Services Freelancers Designers Accountants See all industries Contact Us Help center Blog PRODUCT TimeCamp for Enterprise Workforce analytics Time and attendance tracking Why choose TimeCamp? Data safety & regulations Compliance with your policies Deployment options & customization On-premise solution or SaaS Support & expert services SLAs for guaranteed quality Advanced analytics & integrations Data workflows and warehousing CUSTOMER STORIES Read our customer stories and see how they became more
                  profitable. Read more Contact Us Help center Blog English Español Polski Français Deutsch Português Product Solutions Integrations Enterprise Pricing Book a demo Language: English Sign Up Log in Contact Us Help center Blog Back Time tracking Time Tracker Automated Time Tracker Time reporting and analytics Invoicing Billing and budgeting Timesheets AI Time Tracker Expense tracking WorkForce Monitoring Employee monitoring Activity monitoring Productivity monitoring Hybrid & Remote work monitoring ATTENDANCE Attendance management Overtime management Time off management Sick leave management CASE STUDIES 7CGI 33 hours less on time tracking Mirador Analytics Daily time savings on timesheets Gonito 10% productivity increase Bluerank 32 hours less on planning DWS Less mistakes in time tracking Aktana Globally unified time tracking Construo Time saved on reporting Project management Trello Asana ClickUp Monday Planner Airtable Notion Podio Smartsheet Jira Azure DevOps Wrike DEVELOPMENT Github Gitlab INVOICING Quickbooks Xero Calendar Google Calendar Outlook Calendar See all integrations Team size Solo users Small business & startups Medium teams Big teams Time & Attendance Use Cases Track work hours Track work time and activities Monitor productivity & project profitability Bill clients by the hour Billing and invoicing Manage attendance Workforce Analytics Use Cases Track computer activity Monitor employee location Capture screenshots INDUSTRIES Consultants Software Development IT Construction Architects & engineers Agencies Professional Services Freelancers Designers Accountants See all industries PRODUCT TimeCamp for Enterprise Workforce analytics Time and attendance tracking Why choose TimeCamp? Data safety & regulations Compliance with your policies Deployment options & customization On-premise solution or SaaS Support & expert services SLAs for guaranteed quality Advanced analytics & integrations Data workflows and warehousing CUSTOMER STORIES Read our customer stories and see how they became more
                profitable. Read more Español Polski Français Deutsch Português Time tracking software that meets your workflow Time tracking & easy attendance, project profitability analysis and
      precise billing. Expandable with a team collaboration tool. Start for free Book a demo 4.7 (1500+ reviews) 1000+ and counting 5-star reviews 102 countries used across the globe 21M hours yearly time tracked 28.8M tasks created each year Your time tracking app for more fruitful projects in 3 months TimeCamp users have noticed significant changes in just a quarter since
        implementation. Higher revenue Thanks to enhanced billing accuracy, 83.4% of TimeCamp users
            tracking time for payments have seen a surge in profits. Quicker budgeting 51.8% of TimeCamp users have made their project budgeting quicker
            using past data from TimeCamp reports. Productivity increase On average, we’ve observed a 15.8% increase in productive hours
            among our users. Easy to navigate and use time tracking system Explore the practicality and simplicity behind TimeCamp's major
        features. Time and attendance management Log work hours, create payrolls, and manage employee attendance
              with ease in one app. Monitor your projects’ time efficiency Track time and use the data to boost your projects’ productivity
              and profits. Team performance optimization Analyze your team’s daily routine and work together to fix
              productivity pitfalls. Precise billing Turn every tick of the clock into accurate and transparent billing
              for your clients. See why users love our free time tracking software Ease of use drove 82.2% of our users to choose TimeCamp over other time
        trackers. Start for free TimeCamp is an excellent choice for anyone aiming to increase their productivity and manage their time more
          proficiently. Bill Laurel, Programmer Forgetting to start my timer for billable work is no longer an issue
          now that I have set up automatic time tracking in
          TimeCamp. Brahm, Lawyer Incredibly useful time and task management tool. A simple program
          exactly what I was searching for to keep track of the number of hours I work each day. If you
          have trouble keeping track of time while billing clients, I highly
          suggest TimeCamp. Denise, Marketing Specialist An incredible productivity management tool for small
          businesses. When it comes to time tracking and management, TimeCamp
          becomes a game-changer. Houyamne, UX Designer I've been using TimeCamp as an extension to Trello and it's made life
          so much easier. I can track time on a project at the click of a button and stop that timer in the very same way. Ryan, Digital Designer TimeCamp allows you to enter time on the fly. It's very easy to use
          and the reporting capability is easy and intuitive. Perry, Systems Developer Lots of features that help you to get track of your team's time
          tracking. We have tested a lot of different services that all offer
          the same. However only TimeCamp was able to fulfill all of our needs
          and gave us the flexibility and the connections to other
          services we needed. Gijs, CEO in Information Technology and Services TimeCamp is a very quick and easy-to-use tool for time
          tracking. Bart, Office Manager TimeCamp making the world more productive ! John, Entrepreneur The platform provides a considerable numberof practical and efficient
          functions that have allowed me to optimize the management of my projects and the
          productivity of my team. Argenis, CEO in Computer and Network Security Ease of posting working hours and overtime. TimeCamp has achieved that
          our employees receive a correct salary depending on the hours worked and accounted for. CEO in Real Estate I tried several automatic time tracking software when deciding which
          was the best fit. TimeCamp quickly was in the lead. Background automation and seamless integration won. Jennifer, Self-employed designer Advance productivity with native integrations Sync TimeCamp with more than 100 apps, and counting. Time tracking tool for teams of any size Choose a plan that best fits your goals and needs. Starter Time & Billing $ 3.99 /mo $ 3.99 per user billed annually or $ 5.49 month-to-month Start your free trial All Free features, plus: Invoicing Excel reports export Attendance Time-off Unlimited tasks Overtime tracking Decimal format Bulk edit Add time for others Project templates Edit profiles Premium Profit & Productivity $ 6.99 /mo $ 6.99 per user billed annually or $ 9.99 month-to-month Start your free trial All Starter features, plus: Billable time Budget & Estimates Apps & websites tracking Management roles Projects archiving One integration Private time Scheduled email reports Unlimited tags Unlimited subtasks Budgeting alerts Hide time and pages Time rounding Most popular Ultimate Analytics & Collaboration $ 9.99 /mo $ 9.99 per user billed annually or $ 13.99 month-to-month Start your free trial All Premium features, plus: Data export Custom fields Remote work detection Timesheet approvals Billing rates Expenses Pivot table Screenshots Unlimited integrations Labor costs Fixed fee projects SSO login Time entry history Custom user roles Mandatory tags Historical billing rates Enterprise Management & Security Contact sales for pricing Contact sales All Ultimate features, plus: Enterprise support & SLA Self-hosted deployment Private cloud hosting Custom integrations Team onboarding & training Setup assistance Audit log & activity historys Custom invoice templates Whitelist mode Data warehouse access Custom reports Excel & Power BI API templates User directory sync Data pipeline to BigQuery & more Advanced customization Admin enhancements Free Easy & Free $ 0 Free forever plan Including: Timesheets Unlimited users Unlimited projects Web, desktop & mobile apps 2-factor authentication Start your free trial How would TimeCamp fit into your organization, you say?
      Discover it with our consultant. Set a demo in under a minute, then start for free. Start for free Latest blog articles FAQ What is time tracking with TimeCamp? Time tracking is a method of monitoring and recording the time
                  spent on tasks and projects. It helps accurately measure work
                  efficiency, identify productivity trends, and enhance team and
                  project management. With detailed time tracking data, managers
                  can better allocate resources, improve project planning, and
                  ensure deadlines are met consistently. Time tracking software successfully replaces prone-to-error,
                  manual timekeeping methods such as paper timesheets. How does TimeCamp's employee time tracking software work? TimeCamp's time tracker automatically measures the time spent
                  on various tasks, applications, and websites. It captures time
                  and activity data in real-time, enabling you to understand
                  exactly how your day is spent. Additionally, it allows manual
                  time entries, making it easy to account for offline activities
                  and meetings. Integration with popular project management
                  tools like Trello, Asana, Jira, Clickup, monday.com, and Azure
                  DevOps, and many others further simplifies your workflow. Can TimeCamp monitor attendance? Sure. TimeCamp's Attendance module works two-way: first, it
                  clocks in and out users based on their timesheet data, and
                  second, based on computer activities. Attendance reports show
                  essential data, such as work days start and end hours,
                  overtime, and different types of time off. Download reports and send them to your payroll management
                  software. Can I use TimeCamp time tracker on mobile devices? Yes, TimeCamp's time tracker is fully supported on mobile
                  devices with Android and iOS. The mobile application provides
                  seamless and continuous tracking of your activities, enabling
                  you to manage and monitor your projects remotely. It includes
                  features such as offline time tracking, reports, GPS time
                  tracking, and real-time synchronization with your desktop
                  account. Does TimeCamp support offline time tracking on desktop? Yes, TimeCamp offers desktop apps that track time in the
                  background, even if the user is offline. Once the user goes
                  back online, the app immediately synchronizes and updates
                  timesheets with entries registered when tracking time offline. How can I export or share my time tracking data? Reporting features in TimeCamp allow data to be exported to
                  Google Spreadsheet and downloaded as an Excel, PDF, or CSV
                  file. Besides, a Guest feature (restricted access role) allows
                  users to invite their clients to their TimeCamp account so
                  that they can browse data related to their projects. Is TimeCamp easy to set up and use? Absolutely, TimeCamp's short learning curve makes it easy to
                  implement, whether for freelancers or teams of 500+ users.
                  TimeCamp's time tracking offers comprehensive onboarding,
                  training resources, and continuous support to ensure your team
                  easily integrates and quickly adopts the tool into their daily
                  workflow. Can TimeCamp track time in different tools? Yes, TimeCamp's time tracker seamlessly integrates with
                  various tools for project management, accounting, sales, team
                  collaboration, or CRM, enabling accurate tracking of time
                  spent across your favorite apps. Besides direct integrations,
                  browser plugins for Chrome and Edge add TimeCamp's timer
                  button to the tools you use. Is time tracking by TimeCamp GDPR-compliant? Yes, TimeCamp's time tracking is fully compliant with employee
                  privacy and data protection regulations. The platform ensures
                  transparency about what data is collected and how it is used.
                  Employees and administrators have complete control over their
                  data, including the ability to edit, delete, or anonymize
                  recorded information. Additionally, TimeCamp follows stringent
                  security measures to ensure data protection. How secure is my data in TimeCamp? Certified to international standards, TimeCamp ensures
                  comprehensive data protection, control, and full compliance
                  with GDPR, including data portability and the right to be
                  forgotten. Data is fully encrypted in transit with TLS
                  encryption and at rest within AWS RDS databases, ensuring
                  maximum protection for sensitive information. Regular
                  encrypted backups and fast recovery protocols guarantee
                  resilience, even during regional outages, ensuring seamless
                  business continuity. Is there a free version of TimeCamp time tracking? Yes, for unlimited users and with unlimited projects. It
                  contains all the time tracking basics, such as automated time
                  tracking software, timesheets, web, desktop, and mobile apps,
                  geofencing, etc. Whether you need free time tracking apps for
                  desk-based employees or a mobile workforce, TimeCamp has you
                  covered. Can I test TimeCamp time tracker for free? Yes, TimeCamp offers a completely free 14-day trial period,
                  allowing you to explore all its features and functionalities
                  without any commitment or limitations. During this period, you
                  can experience firsthand how time tracking benefits your
                  workflow, enhances team efficiency, and streamlines project
                  management tasks. At the end of the trial, you can decide if
                  TimeCamp is the right fit for your team and business needs. Does TimeCamp time tracker provide an offer for large teams? Yes, TimeCamp's time tracker provides a special offer for
                  large teams and enterprises, ensuring a solution tailored to
                  your organization's needs. The enterprise plan includes top
                  perks, such as on-premise installations, dedicated SLA and
                  support, or data warehousing. Can freelancers and small businesses use TimeCamp? Absolutely! Solo users and small businesses that treasure
                  every single penny will surely benefit from features that
                  simplify daily client billing, such as billable hours
                  tracking, invoicing, and time reporting. What are the key benefits of using TimeCamp's time tracker? TimeCamp's time tracker provides several key benefits,
                  including highly accurate and detailed reporting, simplified
                  project billing, and improved project cost management.
                  Additionally, it supports increased work efficiency by
                  measuring employee performance, pinpointing productivity
                  bottlenecks, and helping optimize team workflows. It
                  simplifies team management by providing clear visibility into
                  project progress, helping to ensure projects stay on budget
                  and are delivered on time. How do different users benefit from analyzing TimeCamp's time
                  tracking data? Different users benefit uniquely—managers gain insights for
                  resource allocation, team members improve personal
                  productivity, and stakeholders get transparency into project
                  progress and cost-efficiency. Does time tracking with TimeCamp improve my team's
                  productivity? Yes, implementing time tracking significantly enhances your
                  team's productivity. It provides valuable insights into
                  individual and team performance, identifies particularly
                  time-consuming tasks, and highlights process improvement
                  opportunities. Time tracking also fosters accountability,
                  encourages efficient task management, and aids in setting
                  realistic and achievable goals for the team. Is TimeCamp's time tracking considered micromanagement? No, TimeCamp's time tracking promotes transparency and
                  productivity, not micromanagement. It provides insights to
                  enhance efficiency without intrusive oversight, respecting
                  employee autonomy and trust. TimeCamp is a company specializing in automatic time tracking
            software. Since our founding in 2009, we've been thriving in creating
            solutions to optimize time-related business processes, helping teams
            save work hours on what really matters. Product Apps Integrations Developer API Help Help Center Support FAQ System status Sitemap Blog Sitemap Features All features Time Tracker Automatic time tracking Timesheets AI Time Tracker Time reporting Time invoicing Time budgeting Expense tracking Employee monitoring Overtime management Productivity monitoring Remote work monitoring Location monitoring Attendance management Time off management Team Size Solo users Small business & startups Medium teams Enterprise Resources Blog Templates Google Calendar Export LinkedIn Blog Library Average Salary Glossary Countries Overtime Laws State Overtime Laws State Labor Laws Calculators Pomodoro Timer Decimal Hours Calculator Markup Calculator Military Time Converter Profit Margin Calculator Online Timer Overtime Calculator ROI Calculator Time Card Calculator Time Duration Calculator Industries App Rankings Competitor Reviews Company About us Contact Press Partners Legal Terms Privacy Security HIPAA DCAA Download apps Get it on App store Get it on Google Play Get for macOS Get for Windows Get for Linux Get for Google Chrome Get for Edge Copyright © 2025 TimeCamp. Inc. Welcome to TimeCamp website! Before you start browsing our site,
            please note that we use cookies to ensure the proper operation of
            our services, personalize content, deliver ads, provide social media
            features, boost performance and analyze our traffic. By continuing
            to browse our site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage
            of cookies on your device for us and our partners. You can revoke
            your consent at any time in your device browsing settings. Check our Privacy Policy (§6) to learn more about the cookies we use.