Responsible use of your data
We and our 995 partners process your personal data, e.g. your IP-number, using technology such as cookies to store and access information on your device in order to serve personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience research and services development. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes. Your privacy choices are only applicable on this digital property where you have made your choices. You can change or withdraw your consent any time from the Cookie Declaration or by clicking on the Privacy trigger icon.

If you allow, we would also like to:
Collect information about your geographical location which can be accurate to within several meters
Identify your device by actively scanning it for specific characteristics (fingerprinting)
Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences in the details section.

Cookie Notice: We use cookies to improve your experience. By clicking accept, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more in our Cookies Policy
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Reject
Home
News
Rankings
Business
Jobs
Students
Events
Campus
Solutions
Search

THE's Latin America University Rankings 2026 are out now. Browse the full results

Explore the ranking
Not now
EmpoweringGlobal Higher Education
From powerful, data-driven insights and strategic consultancy support to agenda-setting events and hiring solutions, our products and services enable everyone in higher education to make smarter, more informed decisions.
THE Marketing & Advertising Solutions - Reach, Influence & Inspire

Reach higher ed decision makers, influencers and prospective international students anywhere in the world with Times Higher Education’s globally recognised and trusted media channels.

News

Daily news and analysis for global higher education

Rankings

The world’s most comprehensive university rankings

Campus

Advice and insight on teaching, research and academic careers from higher education professionals

Events

Connecting the higher education community

Students

THE Student supports you, from first university search to your first day on campus

Jobs

Higher education’s global job board

Data

Helping leaders make better decisions

Solutions

Services for universities, governments and corporates

Our Partners
Inside Higher Ed

News, jobs and services for US higher education

BMI Global Ed

Leading global organiser of in-person and digital international student recruitment events

dataHE

Data-led insights for the UK higher education sector

Poets&Quants

Leading provider of news and resources for prospective business students worldwide

The Education World Forum

The world’s largest gathering of education and skills ministers

Latest news
See all
‘Remarkable’ Melbourne vice-chancellor Emma Johnston dies aged 52
December 29 2025
News
Artist-academic collaborations can lead to ‘unexpected magic’
December 29 2025
News
China investors bet on Malaysia campus despite steep competition
December 28 2025
News
Times Higher Education’s most-read articles of 2025
December 26 2025
News
Latest rankings
See all
World University Rankings 2026
Impact Rankings 2025
Interdisciplinary Science Rankings 2026
Arab University Rankings 2026
Asia University Rankings 2025
Participate in upcoming rankings
Study abroad
See all
Best universities in Taiwan 2026
Best universities in Switzerland 2026
Best universities in Spain 2026
Best universities in Turkey 2026
Latest jobs
See all
Africa

200 jobs available

Asia

731 jobs available

Europe

539 jobs available

Middle East

179 jobs available

North America

21742 jobs available

Oceania

246 jobs available

South America

0 jobs available

United Kingdom

369 jobs available

Looking for the next step in your career?

Job title

Location

Search
Latest resources
See all
How to cultivate confident, creative graduates
Student success
How ‘aesthetic pedagogy’ can get the attention of your Gen Z students
Teaching and learning
Unlock learning and build community with escape rooms
Teaching and learning
Making student experience a core part of academic work
Student success
The best way to market a university? Start with the students
Student success
Measuring the value of movement: how universities can capture the benefits of sport and physical activity
Leadership and strategy
Subscribe: your source of the latest news and analysis from across academia. Subscribe today to enjoy full, unrestricted digital access to Times Higher Education content
Subscribe now
Our solutions: we can become an extension of your team and advise practical strategies for optimisation and advancement.
Request a demo
Participate in THE’s Impact Ratings 2026: Take part by subscribing to THE’s Sustainability Impact Network
Register your institution
Rankings membership: enhance rankings participation with exclusive access to branding assets, training workshops and a network of experts.
Become a member
Company
FAQs
Subscribe
Contact us
About us
Media Centre
Work for THE
Write for THE
THE Connect
University Directory
Legal
Terms & conditions
Privacy
Cookie policy
Modern slavery statement
Accessibility statement
Copyright © 2025 THE - Times Higher Education. All rights reserved.