Tink | European open banking platform | 6000 connections Solutions Products Developers About Tink Log in Contact us Solutions Products Developers About Tink Log in Contact us NEW: Tink named a leader by Forrester NEW: Tink named a leader by Forrester NEW RESEARCH: A closer look at UK lending in the cost-of-living crisis NEW RESEARCH: A closer look at UK lending in the cost-of-living crisis NEW GUIDE: Creating a brilliant Pay by Bank user experience NEW GUIDE: Creating a brilliant Pay by Bank user experience NEW: Tink named a leader by Forrester NEW: Tink named a leader by Forrester NEW RESEARCH: A closer look at UK lending in the cost-of-living crisis NEW RESEARCH: A closer look at UK lending in the cost-of-living crisis NEW GUIDE: Creating a brilliant Pay by Bank user experience NEW GUIDE: Creating a brilliant Pay by Bank user experience Welcome to Tink, a Visa solution Payment services and data enrichment, trusted by world-leading businesses Contact Sales Why market leaders are choosing Tink For industry leaders “Our aim is to always innovate to meet consumer needs by providing a breadth of convenient, fast, and secure payment options. Partnering with Tink for open banking is the latest way we have evolved our technology to deliver on this goal.” Edgar Verschuur Head of Global Acquiring at Adyen Discover the full story “Responsible lending is all about granting the correct credit to the private individual that has the means to service the loan without compromising on other expenses. Tools such as those Tink provides for Bank Norwegian is an enabler of data that supports our philosophy as a provider of a pure digital customer journey.” Peer Timo Andersen-Ulven CRO at Bank Norwegian Discover the full story “We’re very pleased to partner with Tink, the leading player in account-to-account payments. Today we handle hundreds of millions of invoices annually for customers in the Nordics. Open banking lets us expand our offering to now also include simple, compliant, and user-friendly payment solutions integrated in our existing channels.” Mattias Norén Head of Strategy at PostNord Strålfors Discover the full story “Anyone seeking credit, whether for a loan or a retail purchase, deserves an ultra fast and hassle-free experience. Thanks to open banking capabilities and our partnership with Tink, we are now able to deliver this promise of instant credit decisions at scale – a first in Europe. We’re already serving more than a million customers, and together with Tink, we will expand our services across Europe, continuing our mission of  changing the future of  lending for the better.” François de Bodinat Chief Product Officer at Younited Discover the full story “Partnering with Tink was an important step in our ambition to improve the user experience, leveraging PSD2 to develop a simpler payment solution. Using Tink as a provider for our new payment service became a natural choice as we explored the market.” Vesna Lindkvist CTO at Kivra Discover the full story “We are delighted to bring Tink’s solutions to Revolut. Our partnership with Tink will enable Revolut to expand our open banking services across new markets in a fast and sustainable way.” Ivan Chalov Head of Retail at Revolut Discover the full story “Enabling people living in Ireland to replace financial worry with financial confidence is a key goal for An Post Money. We are thrilled to have partnered with Tink to enable not only An Post Money customers but everyone living in Ireland to have the ability  to manage their money better, stay in control of their expenses and start building financial confidence.” Bruce Richardson Product Management Consultant at An Post Discover the full story “By teaming up with Tink, we aim to give Lydia’s users the best possible experience and allow them to easily manage their financial daily lives within our app.” Cyril Chiche co-founder and CEO of Lydia Discover the full story “With Tink we have provided our customers with a much smoother way to prove their income and their creditworthiness, which has helped us reduce our application processing time down to less than 10 mins. It has helped us increase our automated funnel which in turn increased approval rates, faster time to money, and reduced risk of fraud and uncompleted applications - all real difference makers for our growth.” David Öhlund CEO at GF Money Discover the full story Tink offers an incredible amount of out-of-the-box products with basically unlimited possibilities for customisations and new innovations. The overall quality and uptime of their services has been great and we have had no issues at all, even with the enormous amount of new customers we’ve acquired in a short amount of time. Andreas Norberg Head of Innovation at Rocker Discover the full story “At Tradera, we always aim to make the user experience as simple and friction-free as possible for our customers. For that reason, our partnership with Tink was a perfect fit for us.” Stefan Öberg CEO at Tradera Discover the full story “Tink's open banking payment system is the obvious choice for our customers – it takes our already instant onboarding experience and adds easy, frictionless payments – enabling anyone to invest in their first crypto in less than two minutes.” Jamie McNaught CEO and co-founder at Solidi Discover the full story “Tink was the obvious choice as a scalable and reliable partner to help make our product experience as simple and as user-friendly as possible.” Tim Öhman Cirillo COO at Billogram Discover the full story “With Tink, it was very easy and smooth to get started. We understood perfectly when we read the documentation and the technical sections the first time and that was a big reason for us to choose Tink. The integration was very seamless and easy.” Nanna Stranne CEO and founder, Sigmastocks Discover the full story “Working together with Tink means we can provide contextual money-saving insights and deliver a personalised, fast and accurate customer experience.” John Natalizia Cofounder and CEO at Snoop Discover the full story “Open banking lets us deliver seamless payment experiences that are quicker and more competitive than traditional card payments. The customer response has been brilliant, and our partnership with Tink means we can maintain our market-leading low fees.” Simon Holland Chief Product Officer at Wealthify Discover the full story The Tink offering What you get with Tink's tech Plug-and-play through one API Tap into our technology – on a single cloud-based platform – through one API integration. No PSD2 license required Using our ready-made authentication flows lets you operate under our PSD2 license. Breadth and quality of data We aggregate both PSD2 and non-PSD2 data through reliable connections to European banks and financial institutions. Loved by developers Our SDKs make it fast and easy to build great products using our connectivity and data services. Security you can trust Our systems are SOC 2 Type II compliant, covering Trust Service Criteria for Security & Availability. Tink blog Latest from the Tink blog Get started with Tink Contact our team to learn more about what we can help you build – or create an account to get started right away. Contact us Create account USE CASES Customer onboarding Account top-ups Invoice settlement Ecommerce Income & affordability assessment Risk decisioning Consumer engagement INDUSTRIES Banking Lending Payments CUSTOMER STORIES An Post Bank Norwegian Kivra Rocker PRODUCTS NEW Auto Payments Pay by Bank Sweeping Variable Recurring Payments Payouts Risk Signals Account Check Business Account Check Transactions Business Transactions Investments Loans Balance Check Income Check Expense Check Risk Insights Money Manager Data Enrichment NEW Merchant Information RESOURCES Documentation API reference Tink Link Demo Connection capabilities Service status FAQ Log in or Sign up Introduction to the Tink platform Set up your account Make your first API call Pricing FEATURING Lending, levelled up Banking is getting personal COMPANY About Tink Partnerships Brand portal Careers Modern Slavery Act LEARN & CONNECT Blog Podcast Videos Webinars Reports and guides NEWS & MEDIA Press Events Global © 2025 Tink AB Imprint Legal Consumer Support Privacy Notice Cookie policy USE CASES INDUSTRIES CUSTOMER STORIES PRODUCTS RESOURCES FEATURING COMPANY LEARN & CONNECT NEWS & MEDIA Global © 2025 Tink AB Imprint Legal Consumer Support Privacy Notice Cookie policy