Home - TIOBE Let op! Internet Explorer wordt niet meer ondersteund. Hierdoor kan de website mogelijk niet goed functioneren, gebruik een alternatieve browser om optimaal gebruik te maken van deze website. Klik hier om een alternatieve browser te downloaden . About us Knowledge News Coding Standards TIOBE Index Contact Products TiCS Framework TiCS Fact Sheet TQI Code Quality Assessment Trusted Product Maintainability Assessment Quality Models TIOBE Quality Indicator Trusted Product Maintainability Markets Customers Distributors Partners Schedule a demo When software quality is more than a code checker Software quality does not arise from simply running a code checker: it requires strategy, oversight, and the right tools. TIOBE serves as a partner for organizations that want to be completely unburdened in the software quality domain. We adapt our solutions to your organization, tools and specific technologies. We focus on software quality. Quality models are based on ISO/IEC 25010. Fully automated software quality framework TiCS. Supports all levels in your organization, from bit to board. Objective measurement of software quality. Checking more than 1 billion lines of code per day. TIOBE Quality Models The proverb “the proof of the pudding is in the eating” applies perfectly to software quality. Because only after a software product has been shipped, the true quality of a software product reveals itself. For this purpose, TIOBE has developed quality models to enable an objective, reproducible and independent statement of the quality of your software. Furthermore, we work with world-renowned certification authority TÜViT to further develop our models and provide certification. Learn more about our TQI Quality Model Code Quality Maturity: a 6-steps guide Read more How to objectively measure code quality Read more Can TiCS be used as a SonarQube alternative? Read more The Importance of Benchmarking Code Quality Read more What is code quality, and why does it matter? Read more How to Quality Gate Software Code Read more Software quality framework TiCS With our software quality framework TiCS we support software quality improvements from development to board level: from bit to board. TiCS provides a clear overview using multiple reporting and dashboard tools for every layer and team in your organization. We provide a smooth integration in your organization’s development process, and tailor our solution to fit your organization if required. Learn more about our TiCS Framework Get your own proof of concept Curious how your projects will be ranked by our TiCS Framework? Request your proof of concept now. Request a demo Trusted by our customers We are proud to support the following companies with our software quality solutions. Learn more about our customers How difficult is it to determine the code quality of a piece of code? Since code quality is quite a broad term, lots of measurements should be taken to determine the code quality of a piece of code. Possible metrics to be applied are unit test code coverage, the number of compiler warnings, cyclomatic complexity, etc. TIOBE offers a predefined set of 8 software metrics to get a good indication of code quality. See our TIOBE Quality Indicator Quality Model for more details. Where should I start when I want to improve my code quality? This is quite a difficult question because there are all kind of quality aspects to software code. These aspects are nicely defined in the ISO/IEC 25010 standard. It ranges from reliability (no bugs) to maintainability (is my code comprehensive). Two easy ways to start with code quality are to start with manual code reviews and to use the compiler warnings as your “free” code checker. You can even use “treat warnings as errors” in your build environment to ensure no compiler warnings are accepted any more. Are manual code reviews sufficient to improve code quality? Manual code reviews appear the most effective way of improving code quality. Human beings  are very good in spotting potential problems and issues, which are of course a very good indicator whether code is maintainable. Possible drawbacks of manual code reviews are that they are subjective (depending on the reviewer) and time consuming. Moreover, deep flow analysis issues are hard to detect by human beings. If manual code reviews are backed up by automated code checkers you get a more complete picture that compensates for all drawbacks of manual code reviews. What are the costs of a lack of code quality? The costs depend on your application and your application domain and might vary a lot. If you are developing software for an aircraft, the costs of a software defect might be huge, whereas if you are developing software for a pet project the possible costs of a defect might be close to zero. Costs might consist of claims because of liability, but most of the costs are indirect and hard to measure. Think about the loss of reputation if a software bug in your system shows up in the news. Or, at a smaller scale, if your software is not maintainable, lots of extra costs are needed to add a new feature. What is better: a software quality assessment or continuous quality monitoring? That depends on your situation. If you are new to the field of software quality, an assessment is a good way to start. The reason for this is that it is just a one-time measurement including a lot of explanation in a report and presentation. Continuous monitoring will result in real-time quality data and helps in case you want to make sure your software quality is always meeting the requirements. How do I orchestrate multiple teams working on software quality in our organization? It begins with the realization that each stakeholder in the organization has different need for a view on the same data. With TiCS you have the best of both worlds: Using the same data source (one point of truth), each stakeholder can receive their own specific view: High level global overview for fast and reliable decision making, supported with quality labels. Cross sectional overviews to determine risks towards design changes to be made. Detailed violation overviews to fully understand why certain metrics score weak, and with that the tools to improve. Check out the TiCS Framework section for a complete understanding how TiCS can work for your organization. Products TiCS Framework TiCS Fact Sheet TQI Code Quality Assessment Trusted Product Maintainability Assessment Quality Models TIOBE Quality Indicator Trusted Product Maintainability Markets Customers Distributors Partners About us Knowledge News Coding Standards TIOBE Index Contact Schedule a demo TIOBE checks more than 1 billion lines of software code. Worldwide, realtime, each day. Schedule a demo Navigation TIOBE Index Products Quality Models Markets Contact us +31 40 400 2800 info@tiobe.com Connect on LinkedIn Telexweg 4 (Hofdael Office Complex) 5641 TL 									Eindhoven The Netherlands © 2025 TIOBE Software BV Disclaimer Sitemap Privacy statement Report Security Incidents Vulnerability Disclosure Policy