Tire Guru | Intelligent Tire Shop Management Software Support Log In Features Features Overview Shop Management Integrated Payments Accounting Digital Vehicle Inspections Tire Price Optimizer Inventory Management Tire Link Wholesale Platform Customer Marketing and Communication Digital Marketing Suite Solutions Who We Help Tire Dealers Mobile Tire Vans Tire Wholesale Distributors Auto Repair Shops Pricing Resources Resources Support Training & Implementation About Us About Us Contact Us Partners Book a demo INTELLIGENT TIRE SHOP MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE Tire Guru is a comprehensive solution built specifically for the tire industry. In addition to software, we also offer websites and marketing services to help you stand out and boost profits. Get everything you need in one place and ditch the hassle of juggling multiple providers. Learn More BUILT TO FIT YOUR SPECIFIC BUSINESS NEEDS We understand the unique needs of the tire and auto repair industry. Tire Guru provides an all-in-one solution for tire shops, auto repair shops, mobile van operators, and wholesale warehouses. We are with you every step of the way. Learn More SMART FEATURES TO ELIMINATE MANUAL TASKS Tailored to the unique needs of the tire industry, Tire Guru is here to help streamline workflows. Each part of our software comes with robust features to help automate common tasks, simplify scheduling, and save your team time. Learn More Software Intelligent shop management software built specifically for the tire industry. A utomate workflows to streamline your operations and save time. Smart features enable you to boost customer satisfaction a nd increase profits to grow your business. Learn More Websites and Digital Marketing Let us help support your marketing efforts so you can save time and stay one step ahead of the competition. Custom-built, industry tailored websites drive more business to your shop; SEO and paid ad s will increase your reach and brand awareness. Learn More Customer Marketing and Communication Happy, loyal customers are essential to a high-functioning business . Tire Gu ru’s customer marketing features make this easy. P roactive ly communicate with customers via two-way texting , d rive repeat business with effective email and text marketing campaigns , offer loyalty rewards , and effortlessly gain more positive reviews . Learn More THE CUSTOMER JOURNEY 1. CUSTOMER SCHEDULES Customer searches for tires on the integrated website, schedules an appointment for installation and pays for the tires online 2. CUSTOMER NOTIFIED Customer is reminded of appointment via text message and upon dropping off their vehicle, receives automated status texts 3. INSPECTION PERFORMED The store performs a digital inspection and sends the customer portal link where they can view inspection results 4. TEXT-TO-PAY SENT The customer approves additional recommended services in the customer portal & receives a Text-to-Pay link for payment 5. WORK IS COMPLETED The customer is notified of completion of services via automated text. The invoice is then emailed to the customer 6. CUSTOMER FOLLOW-UP The customer receives a text prompting them to leave a review. 6 months later they are reminded to come in for a tire rotation by text or email TIRE GURU GETS RESULTS 105M ROs Created $62B in ROs Processed 46M Tires Sold By TG Customers “ “The team over at Tire Guru does a great job with our marketing emails and social advertisement pieces. They are very easy to work with, sometimes only taking 1 or 2 emails to get the point across and get the ads created. They are always going above and beyond to make sure we have what we need to give our customers a hassle-free experience.” Bradley Reese's Automotive Service “ “Tire Guru has been a great addition to our business. The ease of operation and support staff has been tremendous. In addition, the integration of online orders and the ease of them creating work orders automatically has been a real nice feature for us. Thanks Tire Guru and team.” Luke Speck Sales “ “We’ve been with Tire Guru for almost 7 years now. They have excellent support and are continuously enhancing their product. The new interface is very user friendly and makes the training process for new team members even simpler than before. We highly recommend Tire Guru!!” Lisa Westside Tire “ “Tire Guru is a game-changer! It’s super easy to use, keeps our inventory in check, and makes checkout a breeze. Onboarding has been smooth, and support is top-notch. Highly recommend it!” Moni T Tire Geeks BOOK A DEMO Managing a business is no small task, but using the right tool can make it easier. Streamline operations and boost productivity with Tire Guru. No more switching between multiple systems and manually inputting information, get all the functionality you need in one end-to-end platform. Features Features Overview Shop Management Integrated Payments Accounting Digital Vehicle Inspections Tire Price Optimizer Inventory Management Tire Link Wholesale Platform Customer Marketing and Communication Digital Marketing Suite Solutions Who We Help Tire Dealers Mobile Tire Vans Tire Wholesale Distributors Auto Repair Shops Pricing Resources Resources Support Training & Implementation About Us About Us Contact Us Partners Privacy Policy Log In Book A Demo ©2026 All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions Driven by Request a Demo × Close Close