Tires Online For Sale: Buy Tires & Wheels Online w/ Free Shipping - Tire Agent Free Shipping | Payment Plans Available At Checkout! Learn More Deals Payment Plans FAQ Blog Contact Shop Tires and Wheels Track Track Track Your Order Track Shop Deals Payment Plans Our Story FAQ Blog Contact Need Help? (833) 847-3463 Get a $25 Gift Card! For each friend that makes their first purchase Start Sharing The Easiest Way to Buy Tires Online No Money Down Payment Plans* Fast and Free Shipping Shop Tires and Wheels 4.8/5 Based on 19,237 reviews Tire & Wheel Deals Tire Agent has the best tire deals online. Browse our current selection of tire deals, sales, offers and manufacturer rebates. View All Deals (0) View All Deals (0) How Tire Agent Works We deliver most orders within 2-4 business days, and shipping is always free. 1 Find Tires or Wheels Select from over 70 of the best brands in the industry 2 Choose Delivery We will ship your order to your home, or local installer 3 Select Payment Choose a No Money Down* payment plan, or pay in full Drive Now, Pay Later Introducing PayPair, by Tire Agent. PayPair offers a wide variety of payment plan options to meet each customers needs Submit Just One Application! Fill out a short application and we will match you with multiple payment plan options instantly. Poor Credit or No Credit? Don’t sweat it. We welcome all credit scores and having a credit score is not required for approval. No Money Down Today Some payment plans offer as little as no money down, if you qualify.* Participating Payment Plan Lenders *Approval does not guarantee a no money down payment option. So Many Ways to Pay We support convenient payment methods to ensure you get the products you need today! We currently offer Affirm, PayPal, Apple Pay and Google Pay. Tire Agent Reviews Yes, Tire Agent is legit and safe. In fact, we’re pretty close to perfect. Yes, Tire Agent is legit and safe. In fact, we’re pretty close to perfect. 4.8/5 4.8/5 Based on 19,237 reviews View All Reviews (19,237) View All Reviews (19,237) Tire Road Hazard Protection Plans Available for purchase at checkout.* Whether it’s a pothole or a rusty nail, we have you covered. Flat Fix and Replacements Mount & Balance Included with Replacement Roadside Assistance Car Rental Reimbursement Uber Ride Reimbursement *Coverage not available in CA , WA , HI , AK , DC *Coverage not available in CA , WA , HI , AK , DC Popular Tire Brands We Carry Tire Agent carries over 70 brands of tires and wheels, including top tier brands such as Michelin, Bridgestone and Goodyear. And Many More… And many more… Shop Tires and Wheels Shop Tires and Wheels We’re Happy to Help! Need help choosing the right products for your vehicle? Our team of highly trained experts has the knowledge and passion to help. Just pick up the phone and give us a ring. Or let’s chat via email. We love solving problems and lending a hand (or an ear). (833) 847-3463 Mon-Fri: 8am-8pm ET Sat: 9am-2pm ET [email protected] Company About Careers Become an Installer Accessibility Statement Connect Contact Us Blog Refer a Friend Support FAQs Payment Plans Returns Warranty Privacy Terms & Conditions Tire Delivery & Installation Shop Tire Brands Wheel Brands Follow Us All rights reserved © 2025 Tire Agent Corp.