Cybersecurity solutions to protect your business Maximize Your Protection with TitanHQ's Cybersecurity Bundles.  Choose a pre-built bundle designed for MSPs. Explore Bundles JavaScript must be enabled in your browser to use this website without limitations. Skip to content Partner Portal Support Contact Back Products All Products PhishTitan Anti-Phishing Protection SpamTitan Anti-Spam Protection TitanHQ SAT SAT & Phishing Simulation WebTitan DNS Filtering ArcTitan Email Archiving EncryptTitan Email Encryption Microsoft 365 Backup Microsoft 365 Backup and Recovery Entra ID Backup Backup & recovery for Microsoft Entra ID Secure Bundle Multi-layered email threat protection Learn More Protect Bundle Backup, recovery, and email threat protection across Microsoft 365 and Entra ID Learn More Comply Bundle Backup, recovery, and email archiving across Microsoft 365 and Entra ID Learn More Complete Bundle End-to-end cybersecurity suite plus email archiving and web filtering Learn More Find the right product for you Get a Quote Bundles Solutions All Solutions By Industry Managed Service Providers Education - K12 Schools Legal SMBs Education - UK Schools By Use case Guest WiFi Employee Phishing Training Phishing Simulation Tool Anti-Phishing Filter Data Leak Prevention By Comparision Cisco Umbrella Alternative Barracuda Alternatives DNSFilter Alternative Mimecast Alternative Microsoft EOA Alternative Latest Insights The Rise of Deepfake Attacks Deepfakes are posing serious risks for businesses. The Email Security Wake-Up Call 79% of orgs faced a Cyber Incident last year. Phishing Is Still King Why phishing dominates in 2025? Find the right solution for you Get a Quote Bundles Resource Hub Pricing Company Company About Testimonials and Case Studies Careers Branding Events MSP Partners Latest Insights The Rise of Deepfake Attacks Deepfakes are posing serious risks for businesses. The Email Security Wake-Up Call 79% of orgs faced a Cyber Incident last year. Phishing Is Still King Why phishing dominates in 2025? Find the right solution for you Get a Quote Bundles Get a Quote Request a Demo Menu Close Get a Quote Request a Demo titan-hq-logo Close Search Search Hit enter to search or ESC to close Top searches Cisco Umbrella’s No.1 Alternative What’s the Best Barracuda Essentials Alternative? Alternatives to DNSFilter Proofpoint Alternative SpamTitan as a Mimecast Alternative – A Guide Cisco Umbrella Pricing & WebTitan Comparisons Cybersecurity solutions to protect your business Leading Cybersecurity Platform Microsoft 365 Protection AI Driven Email Security Get a Quote Explore Bundles Cybersecurity Solutions Phishing & Malware Advanced BEC Protection DNS Security Email Archive M365 Security Awareness Training Email Protection All Over 7,500 Secure Partners Worldwide! Bundles Built for Today’s Cybersecurity Challenges Our new tailored, scalable bundles are purpose-built for MSPs and businesses facing growing security demands. Designed to cut through complexity, reduce vendor overload, and support compliance, these solutions help you stay ahead of evolving cyber threats.

Simplify your security - get started with the right bundle. Learn More Advanced Phishing and BEC Protection PhishTitan is a next-generation phishing protection and remediation solution that integrates directly with Microsoft 365, catching and remediating sophisticated phishing attacks Microsoft misses. Post-delivery remediation (PDR) allows you to remove all phishing emails from your user's inbox, removing risk instantly. Our curated and unique email threat intelligence data is unmatched in visibility, coverage, and accuracy. Learn More Threat Intelligence Phishing protection using AI and a large language model (LLM) with proprietary threat intelligence currently not found in any other anti-phishing solution on the market from the leading cloud-based email security solutions provider for over 20 years.  Unbeatable anti-phishing accuracy for zero-day attacks, with minimal false positive results. Learn More Leading Cybersecurity Solutions Phishing and Malware Prevention PhishTitan provides next-generation phishing protection & remediation. Our proprietary machine-learning algorithm integrates with Microsoft 365 , catching and remediating sophisticated phishing. Phishing Protection Email Phishing Protection PhishTitan integrates with Microsoft Outlook via API and scans emails for the most dangerous malicious threats. Multiple layers of analysis and detection methods, offer unbeatable anti-phishing accuracy. Phishing Protection TitanHQ Solutions Bundles TitanHQ provides flexible bundle solutions and plans designed to enhance your security posture through a consolidated, layered approach—ensuring comprehensive protection for your customers. Bundles Email Anti Spam Solution SpamTitan advanced spam protection protects your business by blocking spam, viruses, malware, ransomware and links to malicious websites from your emails. Microsoft 365 friendly. Email Anti-Spam DNS Threat Protection and Content Filtering WebTitan provides AI driven threat protection and advanced web content controls. DNS Filtering is one of the best ways to protect your users against online threats such as phishing and malware. DNS Filtering Email Archiving for M365 ArcTitan email archiving is Office 365 integrated and automated with lightening fast email search, easy to set-up and cost friendly deployments. Email encryption ensures protection against data loss. Email Archiving To protect your business we have solutions . Phishing & Malware Prevention Learn More Phishing & Malware Prevention PhishTitan is a next-generation phishing protection and remediation solution powered by TitanHQ. Our proprietary machine-learning algorithm integrates directly with Microsoft 365, catching and remediating sophisticated phishing attacks Microsoft misses. Learn More BEC Attack Protection for M365 Learn More BEC Attack Protection for M365 Our multiple layers of analysis and detection methods, offer unbeatable anti-phishing accuracy for sophisticated BEC attacks. Learn More Advanced Spam Blocking Learn More Advanced Spam Blocking Email security blocking phishing, malware, spam, viruses and other malicious email threats. SpamTitan email protection solutions provides advanced yet easy to use email protection for your business. Microsoft 365 friendly. Learn More DNS Security Learn More DNS Security DNS filtering and DNS security solution providing AI driven threat protection and advanced web content controls. DNS Filtering is one of the best ways to protect your users against online threats such as phishing and malware. Learn More Content Filtering Learn More Content Filtering Our content filtering solution eliminates malicious content at the source,  blocking malware, phishing, viruses, ransomware & access to malicious sites. Learn More Security Awareness Training Learn More Security Awareness Training Advanced platform for real-time security awareness training combined with simulated phishing attacks. Provides MSPs with always-on phishing campaigns. Learn More Email Archiving Learn More Email Archiving Email archiving solution that is Office 365 integrated and automated with lightening fast email search speeds, easy to set-up and cost friendly deployments. Our email archiving solution stores an email copy in the email archive turning that data into a repository for daily use. All business-critical data sent or received using email is securely stored and easily retrievable in ArcTitan. Learn More Email Encryption Learn More Email Encryption EncryptTitan is a full featured encryption system for MSPs & Enterprises that allows users to exchange information securely via email. Prevent employees sharing unsecured data or employee misuse of email. Learn More All Solutions Hear from our customers Mean City Media This sounds hyperbolic, but it's easily the best purchase that I've made since I started this business, 15 or 16 years ago. John Cole Network and Security Engineer Fox Computer Solutions Ltd We have used ArcTitan since 2015, and it has never not found an email that we have searched for, on any occasion.
Email search is fast and easy - if I can't find it, it's not in the archive. We have never had any issues with any aspect of this product. Mike F Director UK Company Great service and fantastic support, found EncryptTitan recently and will be offering it to all my clients over the coming months. Does what is says on the tin. Patrick Owner Anglo-Eastern Ship Management Ltd WebTitan has saved us some money on web filtering. It’s a
much more economical solution compared to Cisco
Umbrella. And while it doesn’t improve the end user experience per se, it increases our IT team’s effectiveness at preventing users from accessing harmful content. Michael M Head of Infrastructure M&M Golf Cars Not having to completely recover the company
from a malware attack or from something that
came in through email, and not having to worry
about employees clicking on malicious links, are
themselves, aspects of a return on investment. One
malicious email with a bad attachment, or with a link
that leads to a bad attachment, is enough to take an
entire network down. Benjamin J Director of IT 3 Tek In today’s cyber environment and proliferation of cyber threats, all SafeTitan’s features are impactful and help prepare our users and customers for the challenges facing all organizations from threat actors. The product was easy to setup and integrate into our operations. Thomas IT Manager Greenqube As a TitanHQ partner, we have used all their other products to help secure our customers. The addition of PhishTitan shows that TitanHQ is ever-evolving and advancing its tool stack to help businesses protect their data. PhishTitan is helping us layer in more protection right inside the M365 mailbox. With threat actors now having the assistance of AI to help them form their malicious email attacks, it is more important now than ever for us to utilize an AI-driven tool like PhishTitan. Hunter McFadden Owner MegaWide We have been using SpamTitan for our email security needs and are thoroughly impressed with their service. The support team is incredibly responsive, consistently providing fast email replies and making it easy to schedule meetings for more in-depth discussions. They offer clear, step-by-step guides for troubleshooting, which have been invaluable for our team.
One instance that stands out is when we exceeded our license limit. SpamTitan swiftly provided a temporary buffer license to accommodate our excess needs, ensuring our operations continued smoothly without any interruption. This level of support and flexibility is rare and much appreciated. We highly recommend SpamTitan for their exceptional customer service and reliable email security solutions. Another GREAT Product from TitanHQ What can i say besides i LOVE these guys. they are on top of things. we currently are using most of the products and they are so easy to integrate to our MS365. on boarding was easy, this gives the user a way to make the decisions on the emails legitimacy. John F. Network Admin The Latest Industry Insights All Resources Cisco Umbrella’s No.1 Alternative Business A Phishing Expedition: Why Phishing is The #1 Threat to Your Clients’ Security Cybersecurity for MSPs: Scalable Protection for Client Networks All Resources Ready to get started? Bundles About Us Modal Content TitanHQ is a trading name of Copperfasten Technologies, Registered in the Republic of Ireland No. 263031 Solutions Phishing Protection Email Anti-Spam Solution DNS Filtering Security Awareness Email Archiving Email Encryption Bundles Secure Protect Shield Complete Company About Us Blog Case Studies Resources News Careers Solutions MSP Events Get a Quote Popular Resources Cisco Umbrella Alternative Barracuda Alternative DNSFilter Alternative Proofpoint Alternative Mimecast Alternative Cisco Umbrella Pricing A.I. Driven Phishing Prevention KnowBe4 Alternative Employee Phishing Training Guide Glossary Support Support Portal MSP Partner Program Contact Us Software Licence Agreement © TitanHQ 2025. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Statement