Titan OS | Re-thinking TV Operating system Advertising Channels Get in touch Operating system Advertising Channels Re-thinking TV. Re-thinking TV. The European Independent OS for Connected TV Join the millions of devices powered by Titan OS. Unlock new ongoing revenue streams and grow your business with our shared revenue model. Deliver a seamless, personalised TV experience with endless streaming content and easy access to apps and channels from the world's leading studios and local broadcasters. We partner with leading TV manufacturers to make personalised recommendations and allow users to easily search, find and watch content from across all streaming services on their TV. We partner with leading TV manufacturers to make personalised recommendations and allow users to easily search, find and watch content from across all streaming services on their TV. Revenue sharing and monetisation opportunities We grow your business by creating ongoing revenue streams Customer & data ownership Customise the user interface to match your brand Customisation of interface with your brand Personalised TV Experience Personalised TV Experience Personalised TV Experience Titan OS helps users spend less time searching and more time enjoying their favourite entertainment. Its content-first approach delivers tailored recommendations based on viewing habits. Seamless navigation allows users to easily access endless streaming entertainment from the homepage, the Electronic Programme Guide (EPG) or with a single click of the remote control. Titan OS helps users spend less time searching and more time enjoying their favourite entertainment. Its content-first approach delivers tailored recommendations based on viewing habits. Seamless navigation allows users to easily access endless streaming entertainment from the homepage, the Electronic Programme Guide (EPG) or with a single click of the remote control. Titan OS helps users spend less time searching and more time enjoying their favourite entertainment. Its content-first approach delivers tailored recommendations based on viewing habits. Seamless navigation allows users to easily access endless streaming entertainment from the homepage, the Electronic Programme Guide (EPG) or with a single click of the remote control. Expand your reach. Maximise content monetisation. Expand your reach. Maximise content monetisation. Expand your reach. Maximise content monetisation. Titan OS helps your content stand out in the streaming universe and reach more viewers. Engage a wider audience with content discovery solutions. Get your content in front of your audience with prime placement, personalised recommendations and tailored entry points. Extend your reach and explore new monetisation opportunities with exclusive distribution, reaching millions of viewers across Europe. Titan OS helps your content stand out in the streaming universe and reach more viewers. Engage a wider audience with content discovery solutions. Get your content in front of your audience with prime placement, personalised recommendations and tailored entry points. Extend your reach and explore new monetisation opportunities with exclusive distribution, reaching millions of viewers across Europe. Titan OS helps your content stand out in the streaming universe and reach more viewers. Engage a wider audience with content discovery solutions. Get your content in front of your audience with prime placement, personalised recommendations and tailored entry points. Extend your reach and explore new monetisation opportunities with exclusive distribution, reaching millions of viewers across Europe. Endless streaming entertainment on your Smart TV Titan OS brings all the entertainment you need to your smart TV. Whether it is free, subscription-based or transactional, you can easily stream a wide range of content.  Enjoy the world's favourite apps including Netflix, Disney+, Prime Video, and a rich line-up of free channels from global and local networks to suit all tastes, like A+E, Bloomberg, Canal Plus, Euronews, and many more. Ship with ease Ship with ease Find resources, tools, and documentation for developers to create and manage applications using for TitanOS. Find resources, tools, and documentation for developers to create and manage applications using for TitanOS. Learn more Talking about us Products Operating System Advertising Channels Legal Privacy policy Device privacy policy Global device privacy policy Legal notice Cookie Policy Development Partner portal Documentation Security Company About Jobs Newsroom Connect Get in touch Newsletter LinkedIn Projecte ACE108/23/000063 finaçat amb el suport d’ ACCIÓ Products Operating System Advertising Channels Legal Privacy policy Device privacy policy Global device privacy policy Legal notice Cookie Policy Development Partner portal Documentation Security Company About Jobs Newsroom Connect Get in touch Newsletter LinkedIn Projecte ACE108/23/000063 finaçat amb el suport d’ ACCIÓ Products Operating System Advertising Channels Legal Privacy policy Device privacy policy Global device privacy policy Legal notice Cookie Policy Development Partner portal Documentation Security Company About Jobs Newsroom Connect Get in touch Newsletter LinkedIn Projecte ACE108/23/000063 finaçat amb el suport d’ ACCIÓ