Titan and GoDaddy partner to offer next-gen Professional Email

Read the Announcement
We are hiring
Careers
Features
Partners
Resources
Help Center
Partner With Us
Sign in
The customer-centric business email service that helps you grow
Titan is the first business email service that helps you build deeper, more meaningful relationships with your customers.
By submitting this form, you agree to Titan's Privacy Policy.

Already a Titan user? Sign in

The days of sending an email and crossing your fingers for a reply are over.
Titan gives you the tools to build more impactful customer connections over email.
Email Templates

Save time by saving your frequently sent responses as templates and ensure that you always send a message that resonates with your customers.

Scheduled Send

Whether you’ve identified the optimal send time for a customer or you need to draft a message during off-hours, schedule your emails to send when they’re most likely to be read.

Read Receipts

Don't lose sleep wondering if your prospect read that crucial quote. With Read Receipts, get notified the moment your recipient opens your email.

Follow-up Reminders

Don't settle for a non-reply to your important emails. Get nudges to circle back on the thread at the perfect time and keep your conversations going.

See all Titan features
A business email experience built to delight
Rich message composer

Craft beautiful and compelling emails with rich formatting, drag and drop images and more.

Email threading

Keep your conversations flowing with email threading.

Smart filters and custom folders

Set up rules and create customized folders to stay organized.

Coordinate schedules with shareable calendars

Share your calendar with your teammates and contacts that use Titan.

A calendar that drives both external and internal collaboration
Works with every platform

Send invites to guests that use Gmail, Outlook and Apple Mail.

Manage your schedule, any way you like

View your calendar by day, week or month.

What our customers have to say

"Titan has revolutionised business email for me. I don't need to pay for expensive services from other service providers in the market."

5/5
NZANGI M
BIM Coordinator & Technology Officer

"Titan is an apt name for such a superior email platform. It has proven to be customer responsive, easy to use, and a breath of fresh air. It stands heads & shoulders above the rest."

5/5
BRUCE FOSTER
Paper Engineer, Paperpops

"For a professional, easy to use, uncluttered email solution, Titan is definitely THE go-to option I would recommend!"

5/5
KATHERINA T
President, Lokhorst Group Ventures

"Titan is a must have app for me and has become a very important part of my daily life. The read receipts feature is a game changer."

5/5
AMÉDÉE ERNS B
Software engineer, Self-employed

"Titan is the best alternative to Google. It is an excellent and affordable email platform for my team and my startup clients."

5/5
ELSIE M
Digital Marketing Consultant

"The feature to know if someone read your emails is very helpful and their support team is always ready to help."

4/5
ALEXANDER S
Lead Illustrator & Animation Specialist
Webhosts / Website builders looking to offer Titan to your customers?
Titan deeply integrates into your control panels.
See how Titan works with partners
Titan FAQs
What is business email?
Is Titan an email hosting service?
Do I need to have a website to create a business email address with Titan?
Does Titan include a spam filter?
Can I migrate my existing accounts to Titan?
Get Titan

© 2025 Titan


About Us
Features
Partners
Help Center
Privacy Policy
Blog
Careers
Titan for Android
Titan for iOS