Church Giving: Mobile App, Online & Text Giving for Churches | Tithe.ly Join over 50,000 churches  👉  Sign Up Now Products Giving Unleash generosity with free digital giving tools for your church Church Management Everything you need to organize and engage your church Church App Engage your church every day with a custom church app Sites Create an engaging church website in minutes People A simple, free way to track member info that syncs directly with your giving data. Tithely Tap Simplify Giving & Grow Engagement Find out more about Giving Features Online Giving Form Pledge Campaigns Mobile Giving App Giving Insights Dashboard Text Giving Explore plans Find out more about Church Management Features Messaging Groups Background Checks Service Planning Events & Check-In Explore plans All-Access $ 119 /month One flat rate, no matter how much you grow! Try Free for 30 Days Giving Unleash generosity with free digital giving tools for your church Online Giving Form Mobile Giving App Text Giving Pledge Campaigns Giving Insights Dashboard Church Management Everything you need to organize and engage your church Email & Text Messaging Background Checks Events & Kids Check-in Groups Service & Worship Planning Church App Engage your church every day with a custom church app Sites Create an engaging church website in minutes People A simple, free way to track member info that syncs directly with your giving data. Explore Plans All-Access $ 119 /mo With Tithely All Access, you get every tool you need—giving, apps, websites, church management, service planning, and more—bundled into one flat rate, no matter how much you grow! Try Free for 30 Days Products Giving Unleash generosity with free digital giving tools for your church Online Giving Form Mobile Giving App Text Giving Pledge Campaigns Giving Insights Dashboard Church Management Everything you need to organize and engage your church Email & Text Messaging Background Checks Events & Kids Check-in Groups Service & Worship Planning Church App Engage your church every day with a custom church app Sites Create an engaging church website in minutes People A simple, free way to track member info that syncs directly with your giving data. Explore Plans All-Access $ 119 /mo With Tithely All Access, you get every tool you need—giving, apps, websites, church management, service planning, and more—bundled into one flat rate, no matter how much you grow! Try Free for 30 Days Resources Blog Tips and articles to better help your church Podcasts Learn strategies, skills, and tips to grow your church Success Stories Read success stories from churches and ministries Product Updates Stay informed about the latest updates from Tithely Tithely University Master the most powerful church software in the world Free Resources Free books, sermon series, and guides to equip your ministry Reviews Read and watch reviews to see why over 50,000 churches love Tithely Compare Tithely Check out how Tithely stacks up against the rest Latest Blog Your Church Needs a “Millennial Plus” Ministry - Here’s Why Feature Tithely Sites Resources Blog Tips and articles to better help your church Success Stories Read success stories from churches and ministries Tithely University Master the most powerful church software in the world Reviews Read reviews to see why over 50,000 churches love Tithely Free Resources Free books, sermon series, and guides to equip your ministry Compare Tithely Check out how Tithely stacks up against the rest Blog Tips and articles to better help your church Podcasts Learn strategies, skills, and tips to grow your church Success Stories Read success stories from churches and ministries Product Updates Stay informed about the latest updates from Tithely Tithely University Master the most powerful church software in the world Free Resources Free books, sermon series, and guides to equip your ministry Reviews Read and watch reviews to see why over 50,000 churches love Tithely Compare Tithely Check out how Tithely stacks up against the rest No items found. Feature Tithely Sites Pricing Support Book a Demo Church Login Sign Up Free Login Sign Up Free I AM A CHURCH I AM A GIVER Sign Up Run your church from one place with the tools you need. Tithely All Access includes Giving, People, Messaging, Church Management, Church Apps, Events, Sites, and more bundled into a value packed plan at an unbeatable price! To get started, select the product that you’d like. FREE GIVING* No monthly fees or contracts - EVER Beautiful, mobile optimized giving experience for donors Support recurring giving for steady generosity Donors can cover processing fees - 60% of donors do! Sign Up Free 👉 Get started in minutes - no credit card required Church software tools Select Plan Free Giving ($0/month)* All Access (Best Value - $119/mo) Church Management ($72/mo) Mobile Church App ($89/mo) Website ($19/mo) All subscriptions include free giving 4.7 (1,100+ Reviews) 4.7 (650+ Reviews) *Credit/Debit: 2.9% + $0.30 per trx. ACH/Bank: 1% + $0.30 per trx. AMEX: 3.5% + $0.30 per trx Please Choose: Sign Up Your Church Give To Your Church Please Choose: Sign Up Your Church Give To Your Church Please choose Church Signup Give To Church #1 Church Software Platform ​​Simply Manage Church Giving , Administration , and Engagement in a Single Place Tithely is how churches can finally get technology working for them, not against them. Our easy-to-use platform includes everything you need to run your church – plus world-class support at every stage – so you can cut back on busywork and Simply Serve ™ . 4.7 stars out of 5 from 1,800+ reviews on TrustPilot and Capterra Sign Up Now Schedule a Demo Join over 50,000 churches using Tithely for giving , administration , and engagement – with no hidden fees or surprise costs. All Access Giving Church Management Church Apps Websites GIVING ADMIN ENGAGEMENT Everything you need to run your church—for one low monthly price. Tithely All Access gives you access to our entire product suite for the low cost of $119/month. With Tithely All Access you get: Complete Giving Solution with Text Giving Church Management Software (ChMS) Custom Church Apps & Church Websites Service Planning & Volunteer Management Background Checks & Trainings from MinistrySafe Worship Team Tools Kids & Event Check-In And more! Learn More Giving Form Editor GIVING More Ways to Give. Less Financial Headaches. Tithely Giving makes generosity simple with online, mobile, and text donations—all in one platform. With transparent pricing and automated reporting, you can focus on ministry, not transactions. The best part? No monthly fees to use Giving! Unlimited Donations Apple Pay & Google Pay Pledge Campaigns Recurring Giving & Cover the Fees™ End-of-Year Tax Statements Available in English, Spanish, French, Japanese, and Chinese Learn More People Profile ADMIN ENGAGEMENT Simplify Church Operations. Strengthen Community. Tithely Church Management streamlines membership, events, and communication with intuitive tools that work together—so you can focus on people, not paperwork. Service Planning Email and Text Groups Kid’s Check In Church Calendar Background Checks & Trainings from MinistrySafe Learn More App Layout Editor ENGAGEMENT Your Church. Your App. More Engagement. Tithely’s Custom Church App connects your congregation with sermons, events, giving, and group messaging—all in an easy-to-manage, fully branded app. Automatic App Builder Custom Branding Two-Way Push Notifications Sermon Live Streaming Groups with Chat Prayer Wall Learn More Website Editor ENGAGEMENT A Stunning Church Website—No Tech Skills Needed. Tithely Sites makes it easy to create a beautiful, mobile-friendly website with built-in giving, events, and an intuitive editor—no coding required. Ready-to-use templates Mobile-friendly Livestream embed Events calendar Sermon media player Learn More We believe church software should serve your mission, not drain your budget. Everything you need to run your church, including: Giving + Text-to-Give ( $19/mo Included) Church Management ( $72/mo Included) Custom Church Apps ( $89/mo Included) Custom Church Website ( $19/mo Included) Worship Team Tools ( $29/mo Included) All-Access - Best Value! For churches who want giving but also want to streamline administration and increase church member engagement - all in one place. $ 119 /mo One flat rate, no matter how much you grow! Try Free for 30 Days Save $1,500 a Year Includes Giving plus a complete administrative solution with a People Database , Volunteer Management , Kids & Events Check-In , Email and Text Messaging , Service Planning, Groups, Background Checks, and more. Church Management Perfect for churches needing giving plus a full set of administrative tools to manage and engage with their people. $ 72 /mo No setup fees. Cancel anytime. Try Free for 30 Days A robust digital giving solution with Online Giving , Mobile Giving (including Apple Pay & Google Pay), Kiosk Giving , Pledge Campaigns , Recurring Giving , Reporting , Tax Statements , and more. Credit/Debit: 2.9% + $0.30 per trx. ACH/Bank: 1% + $0.30 per trx. AMEX: 3.5% + $0.30 per trx Giving Tools Everything you need to start taking donations at your church, with effective transaction rates under 1%. $ 0 /mo No monthly fees. No setup fees. Sign Up Free Custom Enterprise Options Custom package solutions for large churches of 2,000+ ✓ Negotiated Processing Rates     ✓ Premium Onboarding ($599 value)     ✓ Dedicated Customer Success Manager Schedule a Call Learn About Our Large Church Solutions >> Ministry is already hard. Your church software shouldn’t make it harder. Too many churches are overwhelmed with administrative work and confusing software that makes it harder to serve their members – and their mission. That’s why we created Tithely. No extra steps Just simple, intuitive tools that work well together and make it easier to get everything done. No hidden costs Just predictable pricing, transparent fees, and the time and money savings that only come from best-in-breed products. ‍ Plus, Giving has no monthly fees! No unanswered questions Just standout technical support and customer service from day one. Join over 50,000 churches who trust Tithely to help run their church See how so many churches are growing generosity and deepening community with Tithely. Read More Reviews How Stello Church is Transforming Generosity in Ministry with Tithely Read the Full Story Streamlining Church Operations with Breeze: A Pastor’s Experience Read the Full Story How Olive Branch Baptist Church Prepares for Growth with Tithely Read the Full Story How One Church Streamlined Its Volunteer Management and Increased Engagement with Breeze Read the Full Story How Tithely Powered Covenant Park Church's Journey to Purchase Land To Build Their Dream Church Building Read the Full Story How Tithely Helped Encounter Church Reduce Their $30,000 A Year Expenses To Under $120 Read the Full Story How Tithely + Breeze Helped Marietta First Church of the Nazarene Streamline Giving & Church Management Read the Full Story Breeze Helps Next Generation Impact Stay Organized & Impact Schools with the Gospel Read the Full Story How GO Church Uses Elvanto + Tithely to Pastor Their People & Make a Global Impact Read the Full Story How Elvanto Helps North River Church Engage & Pastor Their People Better Read the Full Story How Tithe.ly Helped Limitless Church Raise Funds for a New Building Read the Full Story How Tithe.ly Helped Alive Church Build a Branded Church App–and Save Nearly $25,000 Read the Full Story How Tithe.ly Helped C3 Los Angeles Buy a Building During the Pandemic Read the Full Story How Tithe.ly Helped a New Church Plant Thrive in 2020 Read the Full Story Iveron Mother of God Monastery Really easy to get started, this platform is MADE for giving, unlike PayPal so we were relieved to find an alternative that was superior! No worries about our account being shut down for unknown reasons and we like that our money gets deposited daily into our bank account rather than sitting in a digital repository under someone else's control. Mother Elisabeth Mother Elisabeth View More Reviews Iglesia Misionera Eslabon de Dios I love the privacy of the people to give in the App. Also the deposits are made in a regular basis. Oh and I love that at the end of the year, the report for each person comes individually. Kelly Santos Pastor View More Reviews Doug Kyle We so appreciate the extra time and service that Tithe.ly has provided. They are a good company … and also good people. The people of our church are more engaged with giving because of this platform. Definitely recommend. Doug Kyle Lead Pastor View More Reviews Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church We switched from PushPay. Super happy with the switch! The Grace Evangelical Lutheran Team The Team View More Reviews Bee Vang It was easy switching to Tithe.ly from our previous online giving tool was an easy decision and conversion. Since moving to tithe.ly, we've noticed giving go up and giving is now more efficient & effective. Thank you guys for making this easy on us and also our givers! Bee Vang Operations/Treasurer View More Reviews Barry Crocker We saw giving increase the very first month we started using Tithe.ly. Allowing members to give from their mobile devices is huge and the the automated recurring giving feature has been very well received. We're nearing 10% of or gifts being done via automated recurring giving. Barry Crocker Sr. Pastor View More Reviews Ashley Feather We love Tithely! They have made online giving an easy option for our church family and, since we signed up originally, have added many new services to better equip church leadership to serve our church family. We just signed up for Tithely All Access and are excited to use many of these features! Ashley Feather View More Reviews Andy Dudley You are serving our church extremely well. The digital financial service, the church database system and the web site builder. All have been excellent. One of the best decisions we have made. Thank you Andy Dudley Executive Assistant View More Reviews Jeff Kane Simple. Efficient. Reliable. The best partner in the industry for making giving accessible to your community! We didn’t want a complicated solution, Tithely could not have been any easier for us to implement or for our people to use! Jeff Kane Pastor View More Reviews Brendan Prout Tithely makes it easy for a church to incorporate online giving and recurring automatic giving using a variety of different methods, and they have great customer service. We're still starting off as a church plant and Tithely has been very helpful. Brendan Prout View More Reviews Bishop Gregory Godsey Tithe.ly makes giving so much easier for our church. The records they generate save us a ton of time and energy. Bishop Gregory Godsey View More Reviews Alisa This company has made the transition to digital giving incredibly helpful. They have many options available within the website and are always trying to improve on their already excellent product. They also respond very quickly to any inquiries. Great company! Alisa View More Reviews Radiant Life Church of Lodi Tithe.ly has proven to be a simple and effective tool for electronic giving. Robert T. Schlipp Lead Pastor View More Reviews Wentworth Baptist Church Would do for the automated tax receipts alone. Add in the sites, background checks, and all the integrations and it's a no-brainer! Séan McGuire Pastor View More Reviews Rev. Jeanette Salguero User friendly. Great tech support. One-stop shop. I've worked with Ministry Platform, AS400 and other ChMS's - and this one, by far, has been the best for our growing congregation. Rev. Jeanette Salguero Associate Pastor View More Reviews Wellspring Community Worship Center This app gives us all the accessibility our body needs to donate whenever they are not present with us on Sundays, plus the flexibility to submit their donations any day of the week if it works better for them! Tracy Reynolds Finance Staff View More Reviews San Francisco House Church I am totally impressed with the results we've attained from Tithe.ly. Thank you. Paul Chacon Paul Chacon View More Reviews Restoration Church Our church started with elvanto and Tithe.ly separate years ago, as we were a small church starting out. Had no idea about any of the softwares and online giving platforms, then separately we found them. Few years go by and they join forces which was great because both platforms are perfect for churches of all sizes. We share the now Tithe.ly platform with the churches of all sizes in our area because we know what it can do for the churches no matter the circumstance/size/or budget!!! Jordan Sizemore Pastor View More Reviews Dennis Choy "Love love love Tithe.ly and team. So great and attentive to our needs. AND Things just work. Giving is so easy." Dennis Choy Production Director View More Reviews Throne of Grace Baptist Church It has really helped our church receive donations from those who cannot come back to church just yet, or for those who have been watching our LIVE services and want to donate to something specific. Joey Yeary Pastor View More Reviews Abundant Life Community Church I enjoy how easy and beautiful the website is, the data base is efficient and useful, people (especially outside our church) enjoy using the giving option. The help center is amazing and PATIENT! The webinars keep us updated. Kathy Innes Admin View More Reviews Faith Christian Center Tithe.ly is so comprehensive and easy to use. Originally our church was using a basic merchant sales option to receive card/digital offerings but we found that though the system worked it was not as intuitive as Tithe.ly. Once we made the swap to Tithe.ly, our congregation fell in love with its simplicity and the availability to use ACH transactions along with automatic draft. Tithe.ly has been an instrumental tool to our church and help tremendously during the Covid 19 shutdowns of 2020. Josh Sims Lead Pastor View More Reviews Latest Resources The Tithely Blog Tips and articles to better help your church December 27, 2025 Your Church Needs a “Millennial Plus” Ministry - Here’s Why Millennials haven’t left the church—they’ve outgrown outdated ministry categories, and it’s time our churches caught up. Pastoring Written by Susanna Gonzales December 26, 2025 The Great Reversal: How Gen Z Is Leading the Way Back to Church Gen Z is coming back to church, and they’re leading the way. New Barna research shows a surprising shift in faith engagement. Here’s what pastors need to know... Outreach Written by Susanna Gonzales December 21, 2025 The Local SEO Checklist for Churches: 7 Things Every Church Website Should Have Local SEO determines whether your church shows up when someone searches “church near me.” This checklist breaks down the exact steps your website needs to be visible, trustworthy, and easy to find. Church Marketing Written by Stephen Altrogge Read More Get free resources and tips delivered to your inbox. Facebook icon LinkedIn icon X icon Instagram icon YouTube icon Products Church Giving Online Giving Mobile Giving Text Giving Pledge Campaigns Giving Insights Dashboard Church Management (ChMS) Background Checks Text Messaging and Email Custom Church App Church Website Builder Worship Service Planning Sermonly Sermon Writer Tithely Print Accept Bitcoin and Crypto Solutions for Large Churches Integrations Pricing HELP AND SUPPORT Get Support Schedule a Demo Getting Started with Tithely Tithely University API Documentation Platform Status Product Updates Download Tithely Giving App Resources Customer Success Stories Tithely Reviews Compare Tithely Tithely for Church Plants Our Partnerships Free Resources Giving Research and Data Tithely Launch Kit Guide to Mobile Giving Subscribe to Our Newsletter Podcast Modern Church Leader Company About Tithely Careers at Tithely Media and Brand Kit Tithely Next Contact Us Top Blog Articles Read the Tithely Blog Tithing in the Bible Great Women of the Bible How Church Management Software Helps Pastors Shepherd Better Best Church Websites of 2025 Big Gifts Vs Recurring Giving: Which One Does Your Church Need? Terms of Service Privacy Policy Help Refer a Friend & Earn $500 Please Choose: Sign Up Your Church Give To Your Church Church Signup Give To My Church