Latest version:

Minecraft 1.21.11 and Minecraft Bedrock 1.21
Latest publication
Download Minecraft
Mods
Premium
Help
Download Skins
HD Skins
Capes
Skins by Nickname
Animated Capes
 
Sign Up
Authorization
 
TLAUNCHER – THE BEST MINECRAFT LAUNCHER

There are not so many good Minecraft launchers nowadays, and yet they exist – TLauncher being one of them.
DOWNLOAD TL
Available for:
ALL THE OFFICIAL VERSIONS: FROM ALPHA TO SNAPSHOTS

The launcher is complete with all the available game versions from the developers – at any time, you can install one of them, even the newest Minecraft 1.21. They were not modified – all the files are downloaded from the developer's servers, which means that you get a perfectly clean Minecraft.

INSTALL FORGE, FABRIC, OPTIFINE IN ONE CLICK

Thanks to TLauncher, you can install a modified version of the game: Forge/Fabric is necessary to work with mods, OptiFine – to optimize the game and to boost FPS. All this can be installed separately, but you will have to search for the necessary files somewhere and configure them manually, whereas the launcher will do everything for you – you just need to select the required version. Just imagine how much time you will save simply after downloading TLauncher.

THE UNIQUE SKIN SYSTEM

On our website, you can set your own skin that will be visible for all our users – and we can assure you that most of them use our launcher. The skin system by no aspects concedes to the official one and even has several advantages – the possibility to set cloaks and HD skins. Thanks to these advantages, TLauncher skins are considered the best, especially since their installation is easy and free!

LOGGING IN WITH A LICENSED ACCOUNT

Do not cease playing under your licensed account, use all its advantages: license servers, skin system, your nickname, and all the best features of TLauncher – just log in with your email and password. The requests are, of course, sent directly to the developers' servers and in encrypted form, so no one will ever get access to your account – only maximum security!

THE LAUNCHER WITH MODS

Create your own mod builds in just one click with our new modpack system! A huge catalog of mods, maps, resource packs with a full description and screenshots is waiting for you. The system helps to avoid various errors as it checks the compatibility of each mod installed by you. There are backup and manual installation systems. At the same time, everything is absolutely free, and without any restrictions on our part. Just enjoy and don't forget to recommend our launcher with mods to your friends!

RELIABILITY AND SUPPORT

We are constantly improving our product, so there can be no errors spoiling your stay in Minecraft – all of them were fixed! Obviously, it became possible thanks to our players who contact us via the website or directly through the launcher and report all their problems. We help everyone, so don't hesitate to contact us! And, of course, do not forget to update our launcher to the latest version – TLauncher 2.9319 at the moment. Alternatively, the old TLauncher 2.9 is popular.

COMPETITIVENESS

Obviously, you have seen more than one launcher for the game but surely found a lot of shortcomings and flaws in them, so you are here to get the maximum emotions from Minecraft because of the huge amount of content and features provided by us. We are one step ahead of many and will always be because the development of TLauncher does not cease even for one day!

Contacts

© 2013 - 2025 «TLauncher» by TLauncher Inc. The software contains ads.

Suite 1, Second Floor, Sound & Vision House, Francis Rachel Str., Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles

Terms of service
Our Discord
Privacy Policy