This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Our company
 
Our services
 
Work with us
 
News
 
Insights
 
EN
 

We make international travel safe and easy for both governments and citizens

Applying for a visa?

CLICK HERE 
WHAT WE DO

At TLScontact, we manage visa and consular services for government clients around the world. We concentrate on providing the administrative aspects of the visa process via a global network of Visa Application Centres, allowing our government clients to focus on their core decision-making role.  

LEARN MORE ABOUT US 

Present in 4 continents

worldwide

+140 application centres

on behalf of government clients

Millions of visa applications

per year
OUR GOVERNMENT CLIENTS
OUR CSR VISION
OUR INSIGHTS

Combining technology with the human touch, we aim to make a positive social and environmental contribution in all the countries where we operate. We want to be a preferred employer, a trusted partner for governments and a force for good in the communities around our centres, supporting their development and initiatives to protect the environment.

LEARN MORE 
Our purpose

By combining technical know-how with the human touch, we help to ensure safe and easy travel for both governments and citizens.  

We work with our government clients as they welcome people from around the world, travelling abroad to share experiences, discover new cultures, work and learn.

NEWS

2 min to read - 16/10/2025

TLScontact renews its Cyber Essentials Plus certification

2 min to read - 27/08/2025

TLScontact certified Great Place To Work® for the fifth year in a row 

2 min to read - 14/08/2025

Opening of new visa application centre for the Czech Republic in Thailand 

2 min to read - 02/07/2025

New visa application centres for Germany open across Central Asia 

2 min to read - 17/04/2025

Inauguration of a new visa application centre in Casablanca, Morocco 

2 min to read - 19/03/2025

TLScontact to open new visa application centres for France in North America 
SEE ALL NEWS 
Follow us on 
Linkedin
Our services Our commitment About us Careers News Insights Contact us
Terms of Website Use Privacy Policy Candidate Privacy Notice Cookie Policy
Global Ethics Hotline Legal Notice Supplier Code of Conduct TLScontact © Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.

Certification
and Accreditation

 