Solutions
Carrier Connectivity
IPX Connectivity
TDM Link Replacement
Signaling & Routing
ISUP & TCAP
Carrier Routing Directory
Toll-Free Database
Mobility Solutions
Roamer View
Roamer Control
Roamer Data Exchange
GPRS Roaming Exchange
Voice Solutions
TNS Voice Transit +
Branding & Call Authentication
Enterprise Branded Calling
Spoof Protection
Enterprise Voice Security
Robocall Protection
Robocall Investigation Report
Robocall Scam of the Month
TNS Call Guardian
Call Guardian Authentication Hub
NGIN Applications
TNS CAS
TNS Defend
TNS FlexYcharge
AI Labs
 Customer Success Resource Center Media Center About TNS Careers
Contact Us
Infrastructure-as-a-Service to Enable Mission-Critical Transactions

TNS Research Finds Consumers Around the World Want One Thing in Payments: Simplicity

Read More

White Paper Assesses Trust in Enterprise Voice

Read More

TNS Expands Global Market Data Access with Connectivity to Tokyo Financial Exchange

Read More

TNS Research Finds Consumers Around the World Want One Thing in Payments: Simplicity

Read More

White Paper Assesses Trust in Enterprise Voice

Read More

TNS Expands Global Market Data Access with Connectivity to Tokyo Financial Exchange

Read More

TNS Research Finds Consumers Around the World Want One Thing in Payments: Simplicity

Read More
1
2
3
Communications Market

Restore trust to voice and drive the future of next generation communications with a unified call protection and identification platform that provides interconnectivity and interoperability to carrier networks efficiently, securely and reliably.

Learn More
Financial Markets

Directly access the global markets and address any trading operations challenge with TNS low latency trading infrastructure. Our speed and flexibility enable the counterparty connectivity, global market data, and managed hosting necessary for firms to maximize uptime while reducing costs and complexity.

Learn More
Payments Market

As payment infrastructure becomes more complex, TNS’ IaaS solutions allow you to concentrate on growing and maintaining your business. We accept, connect, and securely process transactions for businesses across the globe, so you can focus on your business and customers.

Learn More

At TNS, we reduce the complexity of connection, security and interoperability with secure network solutions that allow businesses to focus on growth.

Watch Our Video →

The Ultimate Partner For Your Business

Reduce complexity and build business continuity with IaaS that allows you to connect and protect new communications fronts, provides resilient, unified platforms for financial markets, and establishes flexible payments infrastructure.

24x7x365 Global Support, Always On and Available to Support You
Innovative Solutions that are Secure, Trusted and Resilient
30+
Years of experience providing innovative, value-added services to thousands of organizations across the globe.
24/7
Monitoring and support, delivered globally and managed locally to cater to the needs of your business.
2021
TNS is acquired and becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of Koch.
60+
Countries in which TNS supports organizations in connecting, transacting, and operating securely.
TNS Success Stories

“Our mission is to protect and improve the personal and financial health of all consumers. We achieve this by combining our advanced insurance platform with human touch – the latter of which depends on effectively engaging consumers. Assurance IQ only recently deployed TNS Enterprise Branded Calling, and we are already seeing a measurable lift in call engagement rates that has us excited about our work with TNS going forward.”

SVP of Technology, Assurance IQ

“Investors across all time zones want to capitalize on real-time market developments, and TNS’ infrastructure provides the touchpoints, orchestration resilience, and international connectivity – especially in Asia Pacific. TNS has access around the world, the ability to adapt to new regulations, and the disaster recovery redundancy capabilities to grow our business.”

Chief Operating Officer and CIO, Blue Ocean

“Our multi-tenant solutions are designed with worldwide leading organizations like TNS in mind, as signaling is increasingly centralized. TNS shares our zeal in having the best 5G solutions available to our customers and we are looking forward to working closely with them, as well as continuing our expansion into the Americas.”

CTO, Cellusys

“TNS is a welcome addition to our colocation facility and connectivity roster. TNS’ well established and trusted reputation as a specialist financial connectivity provider complements our objective to provide traders with a range of technologically advanced connectivity options. We look forward to working with the TNS team and expanding JPX’s access to their customers.”

Senior Executive Officer and CIO, JPX

“During the RFP process, TNS not only demonstrated the ability to solve our network challenges, but also showed a sharp understanding of the fuel industry and our own business. Our technology decisions are driven by four key pillars — speed, safety, integration and sustainable cost leadership — and TNS’ Secure SD-WAN will allow us to reduce costs and add convenient digital touchpoints while prioritizing our customers’ health, safety and security.”

Head of Site Systems, Z Energy

Featured Resources
SEPTEMBER 16, 2025
TNS Launches Inbound Contact Center Voice Security Solutions
Read More
DECEMBER 22, 2025
Top Five Takeaways from 2025: Robocalls, Robotexts, and the Battle for Voice Security
Read More
DECEMBER 19, 2025
Business Caller ID: Boost Trust and Customer Engagement
Read More
DECEMBER 18, 2025
Reverse Mortgage Scam Pressuring Homeowners with Fraudulent Calls
Read More
DECEMBER 16, 2025
Popular Payment Methods: Insights from the TNS Keeping Payments Simple Survey
Read More
DECEMBER 15, 2025
Roaming Strategy Simplified with TNS Roaming Hub
Read More
Solutions
Communications
Financial
Payments
Customer Success
Communications
Financial
Payments
Resource Center
Communications Resources
Financial Resources
Payments Resources
Reports
Archives
About TNS
Contact Us
History
Leadership
Markets
Cookies Settings
Privacy Policy
UK Modern Slavery Act
Canadian Forced Labor Report
Legal Information

© 2025 TNS Inc.