Global leader in eye tracking for over 20 years - Tobii Tobii Blog Support Corporate English home Products & solutions Applications Research consultancy Resources Company Search Contact us home Search Contact us Eye tracking brings contextual awareness to AI AI lies at the heart of what we do. Our technology translates head and eye movements into insights that reveal real human behavior. Explore Tobii and AI Introducing Tobii Glasses X Our latest wearable eye tracker — easy-to-use in all environments Discover it now Need help getting started? Partner with us through tailored research services, expert consulting, or full-scale studies — designed to turn eye tracking data into meaningful results. Tobii Insight February 19, 2026 The latest advancements in eye tracking research Join us for the 2025 Annual Research Report webinar, where we will unveil the latest findings on the uses of eye tracking in scientific research over the past year. Sign up for the webinar Tobii Blog Understanding cognitive load with Tobii eye tracking Discover how eye tracking reveals what truly captures attention and drives decisions — unlock insights into human behavior like never before. Read the blog The global leader in eye tracking and pioneer of attention computing Trusted by the world's leading companies and academic institutes Part of the AI revolution since 2001 Artificial intelligence has shaped our work since the beginning. Machine learning, AI, and advanced signal processing have been part of our product development for decades. Tobii and AI Our products Hardware Hardware Software Applications & development Accessories Services Advanced screen-based and wearable eye trackers for research, commercial, industry, and gaming . Integrations From XR technology to intelligent screen-based integrations and in-cabin sensing — our solutions deliver seamless eye tracking across immersive, interactive, and in-cabin experiences. XR solutions Elevate your XR products with Tobii eye tracking technologies—essential for true immersive experiences. Smart glasses Augmented reality Mixed and virtual reality Foveation technology Learn more Screen-based solutions Seamless eye tracking integration for your products. Whether you're creating software or hardware, Tobii provides flexible solutions designed to fit your needs. Webcam eye tracking Eye tracker integrations Custom integrations Learn more Autosense Enabling a safer, more intuitive and comfortable in-cabin experience — for everyone in the car. Driver monitoring system Occupancy monitoring system Single camera interior sensing Learn more Success stories from our valued customers “ With eye tracking we can pinpoint exactly where passengers face confusion in their journeys and what signage is being ignored or misinterpreted. How Heathrow Airport used eye tracking to improve wayfinding in Terminal 5 Read the story “ Seeing that first-person view allows us to pinpoint exactly where an inspector needs support, rather than retraining an entire process. How Kubota improved inspection training with eye tracking Read the story “ Understanding human behavior will benefit aviation safety, space exploration, and enable safe, autonomous flight. Studying human performance and attention at NASA Langley Research Center Watch the webinar “ Eye tracking technology can provide real-time workflow videos overlaid with eye-movement data and using this resource to analyze experts' visual attention distribution, hand-eye coordination, and workflow enables researchers to extract key operational steps and attention details to optimize the training process. Improving thoracoscopic surgery training using eye tracking technology Read the story “ The accuracy and efficiency of the inspection process has been improved, the eye tracker has proven useful for training — we have halved the training time for new hires. Denso halves training time thanks to eye tracking Read the story “ Using eye tracking gives you the opportunity to look through the consumer’s eyes, so instead of only listening to an opinion we now see the analysis…and when we need a specific answer to a question, we use a lot of eye tracking because eyes don’t lie. Improving package design for Unilever Read the story “ As revealed through the study Tobii conducted for Facebook, eye tracking provides marketers with unbiased and accurate insight on what commercials need to have to be more compelling and relevant to the public. TV advertising research for Facebook Read the story Accelerating the game: Alpine Esports' winning vision for sim racing Alpine Esports, a premier player in the virtual racing world, teamed up with Tobii for a two-year deal that promised to redefine the future of sim racing. Discover how Alpine Esports used Tobii's Eye Tracker 5 to redefine performance and immersion in virtual racing. Read the story Stardots and the future of objective mental health diagnosis Swedish startup Stardots is refining the diagnosis process for psychological illnesses with Psilmi™, a new platform that uses eye tracking to assess mental health. Read the story “ Training QE with Tobii Pro Glasses 3 has helped me replicate lab findings, improve competitive putting, and make performance more anxiety-resistant. The science behind the swing: Eye tracking boosts golf performance Read the blog “ Wearable eye tracking has an advantage nothing else has. We can bring nurses into labs like the simulated lab we have here and run them through realistic clinically based scenarios and watch exactly what they're doing and track it...It gives you a level of granularity of data you just can't get anywhere else. How eye tracking is improving medical device safety Read the story How eye tracking can enhance space industry processes OHB Sweden shares their insights on how eye tracking technology within space industry operations can be used to enhance quality control, reduce human error and ease employee training. Read the blog Transforming autism social skills training with eye tracking In the ever-evolving field of autism therapy, eye tracking technology is making a profound impact on how children engage and learn. Discover how BioStream Technologies is one of the pioneers driving this revolution. Read the blog Navigating museum narratives with eye tracking In this study, we partnered with the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, a world-renowned art museum, using Tobii Pro Glasses 3 to explore how labels guide visitor’s attention. Read the story Tracking eye movements to diagnose Parkinson’s disease Karolinska Institute explored the possibility of using eye tracking as a prospective diagnostic tool for Parkinson’s disease, and their quest yielded exciting results. Read the story Gaze matters: Rethinking eye tracking in precision sport Coaches can use eye tracking to train not just where athletes look, but how they look — enhancing gaze stability, saccades, and fixation for better performance under pressure. Read the blog 1 16 Application areas Our solutions help you implement eye tracking and leverage the data it delivers—whatever your industry. Get started with eye tracking Our team are ready to help you start your eye tracking adventure! Get in touch Change language Tobii Corporate I'm interested in This is Tobii Solutions Products Resource center Upcoming events Our partner network Support and help center Contact Tobii Investors The Tobii Blog Tobii Gaming Tobii Newsroom Data transparency Work at Tobii Developer zone Sustainability Connect with us Contact Tobii on Facebook Tobii on Linkedin Tobii on Instagram Tobii on Twitter Tobii on Youtube Privacy policy Terms of use Copyright © 2001- 2025 Tobii • All rights reserved