Apps
About
Careers
Contact
Calling all
creators
, makers
& rule breakers
Highlights
News, collaborations and new releases
2025-12-09
Midtown Apartments OUT NOW!

Move into an apartment building that’s full of surprises! We’re also giving away extra-special gifts for the holidays

2025-11-20
Toca Boca x Wicked: For Good is here!

Step into your own Wicked story in Toca Boca World with a Style Pack and gifts inspired by iconic characters and moments.

Read more
2025-10-02
Toca Boca x Hello Kitty and Friends is back!

It's party time in Toca Boca World with a Style Pack, Furniture Pack & ten free gifts, inspired by our fave characters.

2025-09-09
Free Family House OUT NOW!

That's right, you can move into the Free Family House RIGHT NOW This is our biggest free release yet!

See all highlights
Toca Boca x Wicked: For Good
Our new collab will change you for the better!
Play
Introducing our thrillifying new collab, Toca Boca x Wicked: For Good! Players can step into their own Wicked stories in Toca Boca World and create their own Wicked characters: Elphaba, Glinda, Fiyero, Boq, Madame Morrible and The Wizard with the Wicked Style Pack. The new Elphaba green skin tone will be freely available for all players. Four gifts will be claimable at the Post Office from November 28th through December 5th, with enchanting surprises ready to bring players’ stories to life. Toca Boca x Wicked: For Good is coming November 25th!
Toca Boca Jr
One app, tons of fun
Play trailer
Read more
Toca Boca World
Build a world, create characters and tell stories!
Play trailer
Read more
What we value
Play
Quality
Innovation
Inclusion
Read how we do it
Follow us
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
TikTok
X
YouTube
Contact
Support
Toca Boca Campus

Toca Boca Lumaparksvägen 13A

 120 31 Stockholm

Directions
Customize Cookies

Read our Privacy policy and Terms of Service. Toca Boca © 2024

Toca Boca AB, a subsidiary of Spin Master Corp.

When you visit our website, we or also third parties process certain personal data of yours through cookies and similar technologies ("Cookies "). Some of these are essential for our website and its core features to work (Essential Cookies), some are used to analyze how our website is used and optimize it accordingly (Performance Cookies), and some are needed for additional features of our website that are not essential (Functional Cookies). You can find out more about the Cookies under “Customize Cookies” and choose which specific Performance and Functional Cookies we may use. You can choose whether we use all or none of the Performance and Functional Cookies by clicking either "Accept All" or "Only Essential Cookies". You can at any time withdraw your consent with effect for the future in the Privacy Settings menu at the bottom of the website.
Customize Cookies Only Essential Cookies Accept All Cookies