Toggl uses cookies

We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.

Detailed information on how we use cookies can be found in our Cookie Declaration and the Privacy Policies.

Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
All Toggl Products
Log in
Blog
About us
Careers
Product
Solutions
Resources
Enterprise
Pricing
Book a demo
Log in
Try for free
Where teams and time tracking data meet

The only time tracking software that builds custom reports from your team's time data to maximize productivity and revenue.

Start tracking for free
See how it works
The time tracker that achieves 100% user adoption in your team

Time tracking is a chore, which is why we built Toggl Track differently.

Calendar View

Our most popular feature. Integrate calendars and copy time entries into your workspace.

Track time your way

Track time from web, desktop apps, mobile apps, and browser extensions.

Automated time tracking

Switch on background tracking for any app or website. Team members can turn activity into time entries for reporting. Otherwise, it will remain private to them.

100+ integrations

Plug in popular tools like Jira, Salesforce, and Asana. Use our API to custom-fit Toggl Track into your tech stack.

80 hours
saved monthly with Toggl Track's user-friendly interface

“We chose Toggl Track, and it took our agency’s time tracking compliance to the next level.”

Read case study 

100%
time tracking adoption in a team of 500+

“There is hardly any other solution that could handle a large amount of data while providing a smooth UX experience for the team of 500.”

Read case study 

6X
team growth while maintaining work-life balance

“Trust in the team is paramount. We didn’t want anything intrusive, like a tool to take screenshots of what our employees are working on.”

Read case study 
Want to get team buy-in without the fuss? Let Toggl Track do the talking.

No credit card required

Free 30-day trial for all features

Cancel anytime

Start tracking for free
Request a demo
Boost team productivity, profitability, and balance workloads

Use data-driven and highly customizable reports to see where your team spends its time and pinpoint productivity and profitability gaps

Build better processes
Bill accurately
Manage projects profitably
Strengthen client relationships
Support team growth
Increase efficiency and revenue
Get clear insights into task and project duration to better manage resources and team capacity
Create custom financial reports to track project, client, and team profitability at a glance
20% increase in profitability

Sweat+Co used Toggl Track to scope out inefficiencies and areas where they were over-servicing, allowing them to restrategize.

Ready to see what your data can really do?
For small teams with low budgets


Learning to use Toggl is a breeze, because it's highly intuitive and simple. The free plan is generous and could be more than adequate for solo workers or even small groups of up to five people with light needs.

— PC Mag Review

Onboard your team in 5 minutes. No credit card required to start.

Sign up for free
For larger and enterprise teams
Onboarding assistance with a dedicated customer success manager
Custom integration and reporting solutions built by our engineering team
Enterprise-level security and reliability
Volume discounts for annual plans

Are you a team of 20+?
Get a 30-minute personalized demo

Talk to our Sales team

TIME TRACKING FOR ENTERPRISE TEAMS

Enterprise-grade solutions to scale time tracking with ease
Time tracking without the micromanagement

Our anti-surveillance policy means no screenshots or camera tracking — just accurate, respectful data that scales across teams.

Custom reporting dashboards and beyond

Build dashboards that reflect your business goals. Need more? Our Engineering Solutions team can deliver tailored integrations and reporting tools.

Fast help and even faster onboarding

Enterprise teams get priority support and a dedicated customer success manager to help onboard your team and share continuous updates.

Secure and reliable with ISO 27001 certification and SOC 2 Type I compliance

We ensure robust data security and uninterrupted service, with a 99.99% uptime guarantee

Voted Best Estimated ROI and Grid Leader for Enterprise solutions

See ROI in just 2.4 months, which is 3–4x faster than G2’s benchmark

See how fast your investment in time tracking can pay off
Talk to Sales
Learn about enterprise time tracking
The time tracker that brings clarity to high-performing teams
Big teams
Agencies
Software teams
Law firms
Accountants
Small teams
For larger and enterprise teams

Flexible, custom time reporting for employees and projects. Ensure time tracking adoption and use accurate and custom reports to make confident decisions.

POPULAR FEATURES:

Custom profitability, productivity and workload reports
Timesheet reports with approvals
Automated time tracking
100+ integrations and API

Features include enterprise-level security, a dedicated customer success manager, and custom solutions.

View Enterprise pricing
It's time for less busy work – more profitable work.

Sign up for Toggl Track's forever-free plan. Try out our Premium plan with a free, 30-day trial. No credit card required to get started.

Start tracking for free
Ask for a demo
Product
Pricing
Case Studies
Mobile Apps
Desktop Apps
Browser Extensions
API
Use Cases
Time billing
Employee time tracking
Project time tracking
Payroll
Toggl Track vs.
Clockify
Harvest
Hubstaff
Timely
Features
Automated time tracking
Online work timer
Timesheet reports
Invoicing
Time reporting and analytics
Integrations
All features
Help
Support & Knowledge Base
Toggl Community
Talk to Sales
Toggl Partner Program
Media Kit
Privacy & Terms
Status
Resources
Work From Home Hub
Timesheet Templates
Time Card Calculator
Blog
About us
Working at Toggl2

Discover our tools:

Effortless time tracking
Effective planning with clarity
Efficient expense management
Legal Center
Status
© 2025 Toggl