New Construction Homes for Sale | Toll Brothers® Luxury Homes Page Content Site Navigation Search Footer 3.49% (5.68% APR) First-Year Rate † 30-Year Fixed Rate with 2/1 Buydown Program Limited Time Only on Select Homes Toll Brothers Advantage About Us Contact Us My Favorites Close Menu Search Homes Menu Your New Home Starts Here View Map Current Location Recently Viewed Quick Move-In Recently Viewed Toll Brothers at Adero Canyon in Fountain Hills, AZ Celebrate with Limited-Time Incentives Available Now * START HERE The Toll Brothers Advantage prestigious locations Toll Brothers builds communities in the heart of where you want to live. learn more distinctive architecture You can see it in the details and feel it in the craftsmanship from the moment you walk into a Toll Brothers home: this is where form meets function in exquisite fashion. learn more unrivaled choice With your selections from premium products, state-of-the-art appliances, and luxury fixtures and finishes, your Toll Brothers home becomes a showcase for your individual style and preferences. learn more extraordinary customer experience We are here to deliver an experience beyond compare and to exceed your expectations at every turn. learn more Toll Brothers Designer Appointed Collections make it easier to bring stylish, cohesive interior design into your new home. Each Collection offers expertly curated selections of fixtures, finishes, and colors to complement all the things you treasure. Explore Designer Appointed Collections Arizona Phoenix Sedona California Inland Empire Los Angeles Orange County Palm Springs Sacramento San Diego San Francisco San Jose Ventura County Colorado Colorado Springs Denver Fort Collins Connecticut Fairfield County New Haven Florida Boca Raton Jacksonville Naples Orlando Palm Coast Panama City Beach Sarasota Tampa West Palm Beach Georgia Atlanta Idaho Boise Coeur d'Alene Maryland Montgomery County Massachusetts Boston Michigan Detroit Nevada Las Vegas Reno New Jersey Central New Jersey Northern New Jersey New York Dutchess County Long Island New York Westchester North Carolina Charlotte Raleigh Wilmington Oregon Portland Pennsylvania Philadelphia South Carolina Charleston Greenville Hilton Head Myrtle Beach Tennessee Nashville Texas Austin Dallas-Fort Worth Houston San Antonio Utah Salt Lake City St George Virginia Northern Virginia Washington, DC Washington Seattle Spokane Vancouver Get To Know Us About Toll Brothers Career Center Investor Relations Contact Us FAQs Explore Toll Brothers Love Is in the Details Build Beautiful Blog Family of Home Brands Quick Move-In Homes Regency Active Adult Services Toll Brothers Mortgage Company Toll Brothers Smart Home Technologies Sell Land to Toll Brothers Account Information My Favorites Warranty Login Agent Center † Offers, incentives, and seller contributions, if any, vary by community and are subject to certain terms, conditions and restrictions. Valid for new buyers only that sign a Sales Agreement for select quick move-in homes on or after 10/24/25 and close by 01/30/26. Toll Brothers reserves the right to change or withdraw any offer at any time. Rate subject to limited availability on select quick move-in homes and may expire without notice. Rate/APR based on $555,556 purchase price, $500,000 loan amount and 740 qualifying credit score. 2/1 Buydown reduces principal and interest payment rate below the 5.49% Note rate for the first two years after closing. Example: 3.49% first year, 4.49% second year, then 5.49% in years 3-30. Payment factors per $1,000: 3.49% is $4.48, 4.49% is $5.06, 5.49% is $5.67. Available for loan amounts between $250,000 and $806,500. Primary residences only. Excludes FHA/VA loans. Additional costs apply for credit scores under 740 and/or condominiums with less than 40% down, which may increase rate/APR. For qualified buyers only, other programs available. Financing provided by Toll Brothers Mortgage Company: NMLS #18154 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) , see TollBrothersMortgage.com for licensing information. Incentives subject to maximum interested party contribution limits based on loan program and down payment. Buyer must complete a Rate Lock Agreement with Toll Brothers Mortgage to secure rate. Prices subject to change without notice. Not to be combined with any other offer. This is not an offering where prohibited by law. Photos are images only and should not be relied upon to confirm applicable features. Contact your sales representative for details. 12/2025 * Offer, if any, is valid for new buyers who purchase a home in a participating community and deposit between 12/6/2025 and 1/4/2026, sign an agreement of sale, and close on the home. Offers, incentives, and seller contributions, if any, vary by community and are subject to certain terms, conditions, and restrictions. Not all communities, not all home sites, and not all options and upgrades are included in this Sales Event so see the Sales team in your desired community for specific details. Toll Brothers reserves the right to change or withdraw any offer at any time. Not valid with any other offer. Prices subject to change without notice. Photos are images only and should not be relied upon to confirm applicable features. This is not an offering where prohibited by law. ** ©2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse the products or services of, Toll Brothers. © 2026 Toll Brothers Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Legal Site Map TiC Cookie Preferences Quality Homes by Design ®