Tomorrowland Pre-Registration for Tomorrowland Belgium is open Go to your Tomorrowland Account, or create one now. MY ACCOUNT MORE INFO Upcoming 
Festivals & Events CALENDAR Jul 17 Jul 19 Jul 24 Jul 26 Tomorrowland Belgium Boom, Belgium Prepare for another magical chapter at in Boom, Belgium. The festival theme will be announced early 2026. Pre-Register Info Mar 21 Mar 28 Tomorrowland Winter Alpe d'Huez, France Uniting the People of Tomorrow for a week-long adventure in Alpe d'Huez, France. Info Passes Feb 20 Feb 21 CORE Medellín Parque Norte - Medellín, Colombia CORE Medellín returns for its third edition at Parque Norte, located in the heart of Colombia’s second-largest city. INFO TICKETS Dec 31 Terra Solis: New Year's Eve with Miss Monique Terra Solis - Dubai, UAE Prepare for a magical New Year’s Eve, with fireworks lighting up the desert sky and beautiful souls dancing into 2026 to the sounds of Miss Monique. INFO Tickets Jan 10 Terra Solis: Fideles Terra Solis - Dubai, UAE Feel the rhythm of Fideles beneath the stars of the Arabian desert. INFO Tickets Jan 30 Time Machine ARCA - São Paulo, Brazil Agents of Time expand their artistic vision through Time Machine to bring you an unforgettable night in ARCA. INFO TICKETS Jan 31 Terra Solis: Alesso Terra Solis - Dubai, UAE Get ready for an electrifying night in the heart of the desert with Swedish legend Alesso. INFO Tickets May 2 May 3 CORE Los Angeles Venue TBA - Los Angeles, USA CORE is set to make its much-anticipated US debut in collaboration with Insomniac. INFO Nov 28 CORE Melbourne Venue TBA - Melbourne, Australia CORE is heading ‘Down Under’ for the first time with its debut in Melbourne, Australia. INFO Apr 30 May 2 Tomorrowland Brasil Parque Maeda - Itu (São Paulo), Brazil Returning in 2027, with even more magic, comfort, and unforgettable moments. Info More highlights and updates Don't miss out on the latest news. WATCH: The Symphony of Unity performance at Tomorrowland Belgium 2025 was an unforgettable year. As a thank you, the full Symphony of Unity performance from the Freedom stage at Tomorrowland Belgium is now available. 7, 4 and 1-Day Festival Passes for Tomorrowland Winter are on sale A Pass includes access to the festival and a Lift & Ski Pass. Join the Waiting List for a Package including access to the festival, a Lift & Ski Pass, and accommodation. Transport or Discover Paris can be added. Shop magical Holiday Gifts to celebrate music, friendship, and love this season It’s the season for love, sparkles and of course, gift giving! Tomorrowland is here to help with the best holiday gifts for 2025, giving you inspiration to spoil your friends, family and other loved ones with magical gifts and make this holiday season even more special. There are lots of unique gifts to choose from to celebrate music, magic, and friendship. One World Radio's end-of-year broadcasts: Symphony of Unity, UNITY at Sphere Las Vegas, and much more The holiday season brings exclusive first-time broadcasts and a curated retrospective of everything that defined the year 2025. 'The Sky of Sacrifice', Book Two in the 'Book of Wisdom Trilogy' Order the anticipated sequel to international bestseller 'The Great Library of Tomorrow' now. Celebrate the festive season with the sparkle of Solo Vida Embrace the art of celebration with Solo Vida. Crafted for moments that matter. WATCH NOW: Relive Tomorrowland Brasil 2025 with the Official Aftermovie From breathtaking stages to a record-breaking drone show, relive the magic of Tomorrowland Brasil with the Official Aftermovie Tomorrowland Winter returns to Alpe d’Huez with an impressive line-up With more than 100 artists on the line-up, Tomorrowland Winter 2026 will bring together the very best of the global electronic music scene. Headliners include Steve Aoki, Steve Angello, Lost Frequencies, Charlotte de Witte, Dimitri Vegas, Alok, Netsky, Agents of Time, Mind Against, MORTEN and many more. Celebrate New Year's Eve with Miss Monique at Terra Solis Dubai Prepare for a magical New Year’s Eve, with fireworks lighting up the desert sky and beautiful souls dancing into 2026 to the sounds of Miss Monique. Agents Of Time present the immersive universe of Time Machine in São Paulo, Brazil After conquering the world’s most iconic stages with their melodic and hypnotic sound, the Italian duo Agents of Time, formed by Andrea Di Ceglie and Luigi Tutolo, expand their artistic vision through Time Machine to bring you an unforgettable night. Symphony of Unity debuts its first release, a rework of the iconic dance anthem 'Reload' A symphonic re-imagining of Sebastian Ingrosso & Tommy Trash’s legendary hit 'Reload' featuring John Martin. WATCH NOW: Tomorrowland and Amazon Music present 'We Are Tomorrow' An emotional and authentic documentary about the People of Tomorrow, including the global DJ and producer John Summit CORE Medellín announces line-up with Dom Dolla, 999999999, Indira Paganotto & Joris Voorn B2B Yotto, and more! Kicking off CORE's 2026 world tour in Medellín with a powerful, diverse electronic line-up. Tomorrowland Belgium Thank you for two magical weekends. Pre-Registration for Tomorrowland Belgium is now open Go to your Tomorrowland Account or create one. The festival theme will be announced early 2026. Simulate your Global Journey Travel Package now Choose a Global Journey Experience Package and start the adventure together with the People of Tomorrow before the music begins. A Full Madness Pass and accommodation are included in a Package. WATCH NOW: Relive Tomorrowland 2025 with the Official Aftermovie A celebration of music, love, and global friendship. Visit Tomorrowland Belgium Tomorrowland Belgium Listen to full sets now. Find more sets in the app. DOWNLOAD APP Tomorrowland Winter The festival returns to the breathtaking Alpe d’Huez ski resort. Enhance your stay with ski and snowboard experiences, activities, transportation, and much more Organize your Tomorrowland Winter adventure in advance and make the most of your stay. Explore ski and snowboard experiences, book activities like paragliding or dog sled riding, and get ready for a week filled with music and magic. A new MainStage, an impressive line-up, and the arrival of Orbyz With more than 100 artists on the line-up, Tomorrowland Winter will bring together the very best of the global electronic music scene. 7, 4 and 1-Day Festival Passes for Tomorrowland Winter are on sale A Pass includes access to the festival and a Lift & Ski Pass. Join the Waiting List for a Package including access to the festival, a Lift & Ski Pass, and accommodation. Transport or Discover Paris can be added. VISIT TOMORROWLAND WINTER Relive Tomorrowland Winter sets Find more sets in the Tomorrowland App. DOWNLOAD APP Tomorrowland Store Designed for the People of Tomorrow. VISIT STORE Ornaments Collection Fall/Winter Collection 2025 JBL Speakers & Headphones Tomorrowland x Serax Tomorrowland Flag Solo Vida Rosé Reserva CORE Tomorrowland x Avicii Tomorrowland x Ridley road bike Comic book The Odes of Orbyz Elixir of Life Tomorrowland x Sarda Tomorrowland x Baobab Foundation Puzzle Tomorrowland x POP CULTR. New Arrivals Loop Earplugs Acta Non verba One World Radio Tomorrowland's official radio station. One World Radio's end-of-year broadcasts: Symphony of Unity, UNITY at Sphere Las Vegas, and much more The holiday season brings exclusive first-time broadcasts and a curated retrospective of everything that defined the year 2025. Tune in to One World Radio and celebrate New Year’s Eve with people from all over the world Tomorrowland's radio station is throwing a magical 24-hour-long live New Year’s celebration. 'The Days (NOTION Remix)' is crowned as the number one track of 'The 500 Of The Year' Wrapping up the biggest musical highlights of 2025 on One World Radio with a specially curated chart, voted for by the People of Tomorrow VISIT ONE WORLD RADIO Tomorrowland Friendship Mix Every week, One World Radio curates an exclusive mix by a friend of Tomorrowland. DOWNLOAD APP Symphony of Unity A genre-blending orchestral project that fuses electronic and classical music. MORE INFO Tomorrowland Brasil Everything you need to know. Tomorrowland Brasil returns in 2027 To bring an even more magical experience, the next edition is moved to April 30 - May 2, 2027. WATCH NOW: Relive Tomorrowland Brasil 2025 with the Official Aftermovie From breathtaking stages to a record-breaking drone show, relive the magic of Tomorrowland Brasil with the Official Aftermovie Agents Of Time present the immersive universe of Time Machine in São Paulo, Brazil After conquering the world’s most iconic stages with their melodic and hypnotic sound, the Italian duo Agents of Time, formed by Andrea Di Ceglie and Luigi Tutolo, expand their artistic vision through Time Machine to bring you an unforgettable night. Full sets now available on YouTube and the Tomorrowland App Relive the magic of Tomorrowland Brasil 2025. VISIT TOMORROWLAND BRASIL Relive Tomorrowland Brasil sets Find more sets in the Tomorrowland App. DOWNLOAD APP Shanghai, China The Magic of Tomorrowland An indoor spectacle where music, light, and imagination merge beneath one roof. Info Tomorrowland Academy Launch your career and showcase your talent. Get a chance to perform at Tomorrowland Winter Record and submit a mixtape. Select the finest tracks and showcase your skills. Your mixtape should be at least 30 minutes long. Every genre is accepted. New remix competition for Vicetone with 'Won't Let You Go' They released a fresh new single with the vocalist from Avicii’s 'The Nights', and this is your chance to remix the track in collaboration with Be Yourself Music and Tomorrowland Academy. Join Tomorrowland Academy and One World Radio's monthly student mix contest Every month, a new student mix gets highlighted and broadcasted to approximately 1.3 million unique listeners in 130 different countries. Want to hear your mix on One World Radio? Participate in this competition. Join the Academy Dubai, UAE Terra Solis A unique desert destination and glamping experience in the Arabian Dunes. EVENTS & INFO CORE Crossing borders and genres around the world. CORE Medellín announces line-up with Dom Dolla, 999999999, Indira Paganotto & Joris Voorn B2B Yotto, and more! Kicking off CORE's 2026 world tour in Medellín with a powerful, diverse electronic line-up. CORE is going global with festivals in Colombia, the USA, and Australia From the forests of Tomorrowland to the world: CORE unveils global festival tour for 2026. CORE Radio Show with Dino Lenny Dino Lenny serves the best house and techno tracks and invites a monthly guest for an in-depth talk. VISIT CORE Tomorrowland x Insomniac UNITY at Sphere Las Vegas A multi-sensory dance music adventure where the worlds of Insomniac and Tomorrowland became one. INFO Tomorrowland Music The official music label, bringing new music to every corner of the world. MORE INFO Playlist MainStage Playlist Tomorrowland Essentials Playlist Tomorrowland Guest List Playlist Tomorrowland Brasil Playlist Freedom stage Playlist Atmosphere stage Playlist Label releases A world of stories Book of Wisdom Trilogy Order Book Two 'The Sky of Sacrifice' now, the anticipated sequel to international bestseller 'The Great Library of Tomorrow'. Info More to discover Side paths into Tomorrowland's universe. Boloria, a new fashion house under creative direction of Olivier Theyskens MORPHO, a collection of design furniture and objects Tomorrowland Foundation, empowering children worldwide to express themselves through music, dance, and art. CALIVERSE, discover the Tomorrowland Planet in an online open-world Love Tomorrow, leading sustainability at Tomorrowland and sparking ideas for a better future One World Artists, artist agency providing music management and booking services for DJs Unity, a multi-sensory dance music adventure where the worlds of Insomniac and Tomorrowland become one. Hide link to Media Center Open Media Center