Shoes: Fashionable Footwear for Every Step | TOMS Skip to main content My Bag Sale on Sale Up to 70% off* info Free Shipping on Orders $59+ info Refer a Friend & Get 20% Off Menu Search Login Bag Women Men Kids Gear Sale Preloved Impact US EN Women Show submenu for Women Men Show submenu for Men Kids Show submenu for Kids Gear Show submenu for Gear Sale Show submenu for Sale Preloved Impact US EN Search Clear Cancel Suggestions Suggestions View All (0) View All New Arrivals Alpargatas Gift Guide Women's Boots Women's Shoes Men's Shoes Kids' Shoes Accessories Shop Best Sellers Oslo Slipper Noa Ankle Boot Maude Wedge Boot Cara Loafer Alpargata Classic Bennet Boot Maude Wedge Boot Rylie Bootie Boots Women's Men's Kids' Oh So Soft Enjoy slipper comfort in an alpargata silhouette. Shop Now Sneaker Refresh Start the year with a fresh pair of kicks. Shop Collection Baby, It’s Cold Outside Shop Winter Collection Razzle, Meet Dazzle Shop Glitter Shoes Your TOMS purchase helps support children’s education, health and well-being, giving kids everywhere the gift of better tomorrows. Learn More Your Impact 2024 Impact Report Thanks to your support, TOMS was able to team up with incredible Giving Partners to drive life-changing progress where it was needed most. Here is the power of your purchase in 2024. Read More Better Tomorrows Your TOMS purchase helps support children’s education, health and well-being, giving kids everywhere the gift of better tomorrows. Learn More Pack Your Preloved Send in your gently worn shoes, clothing and accessories in exchange for TOMS.com credit via our partnership with thredUP. Clean Out Your Closet Your Impact 2024 Impact Report Thanks to your support, TOMS was able to team up with incredible Giving Partners to drive life-changing progress where it was needed most. Here is the power of your purchase in 2024. Read More Better Tomorrows Your TOMS purchase helps support children’s education, health and well-being, giving kids everywhere the gift of better tomorrows. Learn More Pack Your Preloved Send in your gently worn shoes, clothing and accessories in exchange for TOMS.com credit via our partnership with thredUP. Clean Out Your Closet Fashionable Shoes for All Walks of Life Looking to buy shoes online that provide comfort and style? TOMS offers an array of new shoe styles for men, women, kids and gear. If you're looking for the perfect pair of shoes for men, we offer a variety of men's slip ons, sneakers, dress shoes, boots and more. Our classic Alpargatas come with durable traction pads and ultimate comfort for all the adventures life brings you on. + Read more Our women's collection features slip ons , sandals , heels and our best-selling wedge boots —designed for everyday ease without compromising on style. And of course, our classic Alpargatas remain a timeless favorite to pair with any outfit. Shopping for the whole family? Explore matching styles, kids’ sneakers , boots and easy-on, easy-off slip ons made with active toddlers and children in mind. To complete the look, shop sunglasses, tees, hoodies and other must-have accessories like hats and socks—perfect pairings for your favorite shoes. Every pair of TOMS shoes starts with a purpose. From day one, we believed that looking good and doing good could go hand in hand. What began as an inspired idea has grown into a global brand rooted in comfort, style and meaningful impact. Today, our shoe store offers something for everyone. From sneakers and casual boots to slip ons and sandals, there's a pair of TOMS for every kind of day—and every kind of person. When you shop shoes from TOMS, you're taking a conscious step toward a better world. Join us and help carry the mission forward. Shop Women’s Styles Whether you’re looking for a vacay shoe or an everyday staple, explore women’s shoes designed for comfort, style and every kind of outing. Shop Women’s Shoes Shop Men’s Styles Shopping for men’s shoes online? Discover comfortable, durable styles made for everyday wear—like sneakers, boots and dress shoes. Shop Men’s Shoes Shop for the Kids Big adventures start with little shoes. From easy slip ons to everyday sneakers and boots, TOMS kids’ styles are built for comfort and independence. Shop Kids’ Shoes Shop Gear & Accessories Complete the look with casual gear like tees and hoodies, plus accessories like socks, hats and sunglasses—all designed for everyday comfort. Shop Gear & Accessories Save on Deals Looking for your next favorite pair at a great price? Discover limited-time styles on the TOMS shoe website, including past-season shoes, gear and more. Shop Deals Let's Talk Perks Earn Points Then put them towards exclusive offers. Learn More Refer a Friend Give 20% off, get 20% off. Refer a Friend Stay in the Loop New styles and offers—you know the drill. Sign Up TOMS Rewards It’s all about the perks, like exclusive offers, early access, or a chance to put points towards causes you care about. Join TOMS +10 Reward Points ﻿ Let's Stay in Touch Make This Official Sign up to stay in the know about new products, offers, and events. Enter your email address By clicking 'Sign up', you agree to receive marketing emails from TOMS and agree to our Terms of Use & Terms of Sale and Privacy Policy . Sign up for text alerts Shoes for every day and everyone that give back with every purchase. Step into comfort, style and better tomorrows with TOMS. Learn More About Impact Our Story Careers Affiliate Program Creator Program CA Supply Chain Environmental Policy Privacy Web Form Our Blog Get Help Track My Order Start a Return FAQ Accessibility Find a Store Wholesale Inquiries Gift Cards Gift Card Balance Contact Us Fan Favorites New Arrivals TOMS Exclusives Healthcare Worker Discount Military Discount Teacher Discount Student Discount Refer a Friend Preloved About Impact Our Story Careers Affiliate Program Creator Program CA Supply Chain Environmental Policy Privacy Web Form Our Blog Get Help Track My Order Start a Return FAQ Accessibility Find a Store Wholesale Inquiries Gift Cards Gift Card Balance Contact Us Fan Favorites New Arrivals TOMS Exclusives Healthcare Worker Discount Military Discount Teacher Discount Student Discount Refer a Friend Preloved Store Locator Help US EN Consumer Privacy Notice Visit the TOMS Privacy Policy for details regarding the categories of personal information collected through this website and the business and commercial purpose(s) for which the information will be used, and information concerning your navigation of, and interaction with, our website. Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use & Terms of Sale Cookie Preferences © 2025 TOMS.com, LLC All Rights Reserved