Tom's Guide | Tech Product Reviews, Top Picks and How To Skip to main content Club Benefits - Join our community JOIN NOW 17 Member Features 24/7 Access Available 5K+ Active Members 🎯 Live Q&A Sessions Weekly
interactive sessions 🏆 Member Competitions Win exclusive prizes 📚 Exclusive
Content Premium articles & videos ⚡ Early Access First to see new features 💬 Private Forums Connect with members 🎁 Monthly Rewards Surprise gifts &
perks GET CLUB ACCESS QUICK For the fastest way to join Tom's Guide Club enter your email below.
We'll send you a confirmation and sign you up to our newsletter to keep you updated on all the latest news. By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or
over, have read our Privacy Policy and agree to the Terms & Conditions . Geographical rules apply. FIND OUT ABOUT OUR MAGAZINE Want to subscribe to the magazine? Click the button below to
find out more information. Find out more Open menu Tom's Guide US Edition Australia UK US Canada Newsletters Newsletter RSS Sign in View Profile Sign out Search Search Tom's Guide You May Like NYT Connections today hints and answers for Wednesday, December 31 #934 Best Google Pixel 10 Pro XL cases right now Today’s Wordle answer is brutal — here’s why December 19's puzzle could ruin your 2025 streak Phones Phone Insights Phone Best Picks Phone Deals Phone Face-Offs Phone How-Tos Phone News Phone Reviews Phone Coupons Network Carriers AT&T T-Mobile Verizon Android Phones Google Phones Motorola Phones OnePlus Phones Samsung Phones Nothing Phone iPhone Apps TV & Audio TVs TV Best Picks TV Deals TV Face-Offs TV How-Tos TV News TV Reviews TV Coupons OLED TVs QLED TVs Audio Insights Audio Best Picks Audio Deals Audio Face-Offs Audio How-Tos Audio News Audio Reviews Audio Coupons Headphones AirPods Earbuds Over-Ear Headphones Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Soundbars TV Brands Hisense LG TCL Roku Entertainment Streaming Streaming Devices Netflix Prime Video Disney+ HBO Max Hulu Apple TV Paramount Plus Peacock TV Subscription Coupons Gaming Nintendo PlayStation Xbox Handheld Gaming PC Gaming Gaming Peripherals Gaming Coupons Alienware Corsair Razer Steam Word Games Wordle Connections Strands Pips Guess the Number Computing Computing Insights Computing Best Picks Computing Deals Computing Face-Offs Computing How-Tos Computing News Computing Reviews Computing Coupons VPN VPN Best Picks VPN Deals VPN Face-Offs VPN How-Tos VPN News VPN Reviews VPN Coupons Hardware CPUs GPUs Monitors Printers Routers Software Operating Systems Windows macOS Security Antivirus Malware & Adware VR & AR Virtual Reality Augmented Reality Smart Glasses Meta Quest Laptops Chromebooks Gaming Laptops MacBooks Desktops Apple Desktops Gaming Desktops Mini PCs Tablets iPads Android Tablets e-Readers Computing Brands Acer Asus Dell HP Lenovo Intel AMD Nvidia AI AI Insights AI Best Picks AI Deals AI Face-Offs AI How-Tos AI News AI Reviews AI Engines ChatGPT Copilot Google Gemini Apple Intelligence Claude DeepSeek Perplexity Grok Wellness Mattresses Mattress Best Picks Mattress Deals Mattress Face-Offs Mattress How-Tos Mattress News Mattress Reviews Mattress Coupons Mattress Care Mattress Toppers Pillows & Bedding Fitness Workouts Smartwatches Fitness Trackers Smart Rings Running Apple Watch Garmin Oura Adidas Nike Fitness Coupons Sleep Sleep Tips Sleep Tech Home Home Insights Home Best Picks Home Deals Home Face-Offs Home How-Tos Home News Home Reviews Home Coupons Home Topics Home Appliances Home Office Home Security Smart Home Outdoors Gardening Lawn Care Home Brands Ninja Shark Dyson KitchenAid Ring Breville Browse By Type Best Picks Deals Face-Offs How-Tos News Reviews Coupons Newsletter Popular Brands Amazon Apple Samsung Microsoft Google Sony Meta OpenAI More Forums home Phones View Phones Phone Insights Phone Best Picks Phone Deals Phone Face-Offs Phone How-Tos Phone News Phone Reviews Phone Coupons Network Carriers View Network Carriers AT&T T-Mobile Verizon Android Phones View Android Phones Google Phones Motorola Phones OnePlus Phones Samsung Phones Nothing Phone iPhone Apps TV & Audio TVs View TVs TV Best Picks TV Deals TV Face-Offs TV How-Tos TV News TV Reviews TV Coupons OLED TVs QLED TVs Audio Insights View Audio Insights Audio Best Picks Audio Deals Audio Face-Offs Audio How-Tos Audio News Audio Reviews Audio Coupons Headphones View Headphones AirPods Earbuds Over-Ear Headphones Speakers View Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Soundbars TV Brands Hisense LG TCL Roku Entertainment View Entertainment Streaming View Streaming Streaming Devices Netflix Prime Video Disney+ HBO Max Hulu Apple TV Paramount Plus Peacock TV Subscription Coupons Gaming View Gaming Nintendo PlayStation Xbox Handheld Gaming PC Gaming Gaming Peripherals Gaming Coupons Alienware Corsair Razer Steam Word Games Wordle Connections Strands Pips Guess the Number Computing View Computing Computing Insights Computing Best Picks Computing Deals Computing Face-Offs Computing How-Tos Computing News Computing Reviews Computing Coupons VPN View VPN VPN Best Picks VPN Deals VPN Face-Offs VPN How-Tos VPN News VPN Reviews VPN Coupons Hardware View Hardware CPUs GPUs Monitors Printers Routers Software View Software Operating Systems Windows macOS Security View Security Antivirus Malware & Adware VR & AR View VR & AR Virtual Reality Augmented Reality Smart Glasses Meta Quest Laptops View Laptops Chromebooks Gaming Laptops MacBooks Desktops View Desktops Apple Desktops Gaming Desktops Mini PCs Tablets View Tablets iPads Android Tablets e-Readers Computing Brands Acer Asus Dell HP Lenovo Intel AMD Nvidia AI View AI AI Insights AI Best Picks AI Deals AI Face-Offs AI How-Tos AI News AI Reviews AI Engines ChatGPT Copilot Google Gemini Apple Intelligence Claude DeepSeek Perplexity Grok Wellness View Wellness Mattresses View Mattresses Mattress Best Picks Mattress Deals Mattress Face-Offs Mattress How-Tos Mattress News Mattress Reviews Mattress Coupons Mattress Care Mattress Toppers Pillows & Bedding Fitness View Fitness Workouts Smartwatches Fitness Trackers Smart Rings Running Apple Watch Garmin Oura Adidas Nike Fitness Coupons Sleep View Sleep Sleep Tips Sleep Tech Home View Home Home Insights Home Best Picks Home Deals Home Face-Offs Home How-Tos Home News Home Reviews Home Coupons Home Topics Home Appliances Home Office Home Security Smart Home Outdoors View Outdoors Gardening Lawn Care Home Brands Ninja Shark Dyson KitchenAid Ring Breville Browse By Type Best Picks Deals Face-Offs How-Tos News Reviews Coupons Newsletter Popular Brands Amazon Apple Samsung Microsoft Google Sony Meta OpenAI Forums Trending Stranger Things Season 5 CES 2026 Best Tech Gifts Best TVs Best Laptops Home office upgrades Ultimate NFL Gadgets Best Mattress Latest News My go-to Lululemon picks for any workout Louis Ramirez published 31 December 25 I've been working out for decades and Lululemon is my go-to brand for workout gear. Here's all the essentials I recommend for any type of workout. 55 best New Year's sales — celebrate 2026 with deals on TVs, apparel, fitness, streaming and more Olivia Halevy published 31 December 25 2026 is here! Check out my favorite New Year's sales from Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy and more. What are silicon-carbon batteries? Exploring the new battery tech in the One Plus 15 Max Slater-Robins published 31 December 25 The OnePlus 15 turned in a record time on our battery test thanks to its silicon-carbon battery. Here's how that technology works and what it's going to take for more phone makes to adopt it. Apple's 2026 iPhone plans: iPhone 17e, iPhone 18 Pro, iOS 27 and more Philip Michaels published 31 December 25 The coming year should be another big one for the iPhone, as Apple plans new models, a revamped Siri and a potential change to its release schedule. Today's NYT Strands hints and answer: solutions to game #668, December 31 Alan Martin last updated 31 December 25 We help you find today's Strands answers with some useful hints and tips to win. Today’s Wordle hints and answer: December 31, 2025, solution #1,656 Alan Martin last updated 31 December 25 Find out what today's Wordle hint and answer is and get some tips for it, plus see the solutions to previous games. Apple in 2026: The 5 new products that will change everything From the first foldable iPhone and a cheap MacBook to (maybe) smart glasses, this is a pivotal moment for Apple. I wore an Oura Ring for an entire year — here’s why it's the best smart tech I have invested in After using my Oura Ring for a whole year, I know it’s been one of my best purchases, and here’s why. I paired a pocketable mini PC with a pair of AR glasses — and it's now my go-to travel setup From a proof of concept to something I’d never leave home without Netflix top 10 shows — here’s the 3 you should binge-watch this week (Dec. 30-Jan. 5) Our weekly guide to the three best things to stream in Netflix's top 10 shows list right now, including "Emily in Paris" season 5 and more. I loved my Dyson wet floor cleaner until I tried this cheaper, smarter alternative My Dyson wet floor cleaner was a firm favorite, but this cheaper alternative impressed me more. I replaced my smart home speaker with this Klipsch speaker — and I’m never going back Klipsch’s The One Plus speaker has quickly become my favorite product I tested this year. Here’s why. Just got an air fryer? Cooking these 5 foods will unlock its full potential From steak to cake, here's 5 unusual things I always cook in the air fryer (that you should, too) Sign up to get the BEST of Tom's Guide direct to your inbox. Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Best Picks All Best Picks Best universal remotes in 2025 Here are our favorite picks for controlling all your entertainment devices. By Mike Prospero Last updated 23 December 25 Best Samsung TVs in 2025 from budget 4K QLED TVs to premium 8K TVs From high-end to budget-friendly, these are the best Samsung QLED 4K smart TVs we've reviewed. By Nick Pino Last updated 22 December 25 I test the best Android tablets for a living — here's my top 3 picks for 2025 Our guide to the best Android tablets offers a curated list of the top iPad alternatives. By Darragh Murphy Last updated 18 December 25 The best VPN in 2025: our top 5 picks We've tested and reviewed dozens of VPN. On this page we've ranked the five best VPNs we've used, and delve into the details of why they're so good. By Mo Harber-Lamond Last updated 18 December 25 Best cable modems in 2025: Say goodbye to equipment rental fees for good The best cable modems let you avoid monthly rental fees from your ISP and give you greater control over your home network. By Anthony Spadafora Last updated 18 December 25 Best gaming laptops that I personally recommend after years of testing and thousands of hours of play Our best gaming laptops list includes great budget options as well as huge, premium powerhouses. These are the best of the best, based on hours of testing and hands-on reviews. By Alex Wawro Last updated 16 December 25 ALL BEST PICKS Streaming All Streaming 10 most-watched Netflix movies of 2025 — here’s the 3 actually worth streaming Netflix's top 10 most-watched movies of 2025 have now been confirmed, and I'm picking out my highlights of the last 12 months. By Rory Mellon Published 31 December 25 I would definitely cancel Netflix and Disney+ this month — here's why Here's why you should consider canceling Netflix and Disney+ in January 2026. By Kelly Woo Published 31 December 25 Netflix just added a hilarious romantic comedy movie — and it’s the perfect New Year watch Netflix just added "Sleeping with Other People" to its movie library, and this easy-going, crude romantic comedy stars Jason Sudeikis. By Rory Mellon Published 31 December 25 I just found this romantic drama movie on Prime Video that’s perfect for New Year’s Eve I’ve made the heartwarming romantic drama “Before We Go” on Prime Video my New Year’s Eve movie tradition. Here’s why it’s worth watching as 2026 begins. By Alix Blackburn Published 31 December 25 Netflix's newest No. 1 movie is an intense action thriller with Jason Statham — and viewers rate it 90% on Rotten Tomatoes Guy Ritchie's 2021 action thriller "Wrath of Man" is new on Netflix, and this Jason Statham-led action thriller has rocketed to the top of the Netflix charts. By Martin Shore Published 30 December 25 ALL STREAMING Video All Videos The Best Tech I Actually Used ALMOST Every Day in 2025 Can Apple Vision Pro Replace My LG OLED TV? Movies, Gaming, Sports Compared! DJI Osmo Pocket 3 Beginner’s Guide | Tips + Tricks for Better Video! Handheld Showdown: Legion Go 2 vs Xbox Ally X, Steam Machine Rumors & What’s Next In Handheld Gaming LG B5 OLED Review | Best Budget OLED TV… EVER? The Best Gaming Keyboards of 2025: Hall Effect, Wireless, Full Size, and More! BEST Battery Life Phones in 2025 (TESTED + RANKED!) | Tom’s Guide Battery Test ALL VIDEOS Phones All Phones OnePlus just teased a new gaming phone with 9,000 mAh battery — nearly double the Galaxy S25 Ultra OnePlus teases the Turbo 6 and Turbo 6V, two gaming smartphones set to launch in January with 9,000mAh batteries. By Alyse Stanley Published 30 December 25 Foldable phones had a big year in 2025, and iPhone Fold’s arrival in 2026 could bring even bigger things Here's how foldable phones fared in 2025, and what we can look forward to in 2026, including Apple's first attempt at a folding phone. By Richard Priday Published 30 December 25 Power surge: Meet the 5 longest-lasting phones we tested in 2025 We'll remember 2025 as the year phones started lasting more than 20 hours on the very demanding Tom's Guide battery test, suggesting the era of multi-day battery life is dawning. By Josh Render Published 30 December 25 iPhone Fold design and specs just leaked — everything you need to know A new Apple iPhone Fold leak shows off key specs and dimensions of Apple's first foldable phone. By Alyse Stanley Published 29 December 25 7 biggest Samsung devices for 2026: Galaxy S26, Galaxy Z TriFold, Galaxy Glasses and more Samsung's mobile devices launch schedule should be busy once again in 2026. Here's what's rumored and expected to arrive next year. By Richard Priday Published 29 December 25 I’ve tested every flagship phone this year — and these are my 7 favorite AI features on each one From Google's Ask Photos that makes photo edits a breeze, to Samsung's Cross App Actions, these are the 7 best AI features I've tested this year. By John Velasco Published 29 December 25 ALL PHONES Fitness All Fitness Try these 6 essential 'stability stacking' exercises for better balance and fall prevention, says a personal trainer Boost balance and reduce your fall risk using these six essential personal trainer-approved moves. By Adam Meyer Published 31 December 25 Here's how to fix the dreaded 'afternoon slump' in 2026 — this under-desk treadmill upped both my movement and my productivity Adding an under-desk treadmill to my work setup has been a game-changer, and it can help you hit your fitness goals in 2026. By Ashley Thieme Published 30 December 25 No, not sit-ups — you need this 8-move workout to build strong abs instead If you're bored with sit-ups, you just need this eight-move ab workout and a set of light dumbbells. By Lucy Miller Published 30 December 25 I spent 2025 walking to Mordor — here's the tech I used along the way to building a stronger body Forget your Strava Streak or closing your Apple Rings, one of the best ways to stay fit is to trek to Mordor. By Jeff Parsons Published 30 December 25 No sit-ups or crunches — just 20 minutes of core-building dumbbell exercises You only need 20 minutes and a pair of dumbbells to complete this core-building routine. By Jessica Downey Last updated 30 December 25 I'm a personal trainer, and these are the 5 strength exercises you need for your upper body that don't involve lifting heavy weights You can still build a strong and mobile upper body without lifting heavy weights, and this is exactly how with five bodyweight exercises. By Sam Hopes Last updated 30 December 25 ALL FITNESS Meet The Team Mark Spoonauer 20 years in technology journalism Jane McGuire Fitness editor and avid runner Alex Wawro Computing editor with more than a decade’s experience Kate Kozuch Expert in wearables and smart home Louis Ramirez Deals editor and money-saving expert Nick Pino Expert in all things TV and AV Mike Prospero U.S Editor in Chief Philip Michaels All things mobile Kelly Woo Your guide to what to watch Jason England Managing Editor, Computing Cynthia Lawrence Homes how-to expert Stephen Lambrechts Managing editor of Tom's Guide AU Rory Mellon Expert on deals and gaming Tony Polanco Years of computing and gaming knowledge Malcolm McMillan News writer covering all sorts of tech Jeff Parsons UK Editor-in-Chief Tom Pritchard Automotive Editor Sam Hopes Fitness writer, certified personal trainer Richard Priday UK-based phones writer Anthony Spadafora Security and networking expert Peter Wolinski Reviews editor and tester of all things Millie Davis-Williams Deals writer Millie Fender Homes Editor Jessica Downey Fitness writer and marathon runner Claire Davies Sleep Editor and certified sleep science coach Nicola Appleton Sleep Features Editor Frances Daniels Sleep Writer James Frew Buying Guide Editor Dan Bracaglia Senior Writer, Fitness and Wearables. Dave LeClair Senior News Editor Scott Younker West Coast Reporter Alyse Stanley News Editor Tammy Rogers Audio Editor AI All AI This single follow-up prompt made every AI answer better — here’s how Most people try to improve AI responses by rewriting their prompt. I tried one simple follow-up instead — and it changed everything. It works with ChatGPT, Gemini, Claude and more. By Amanda Caswell Published 31 December 25 I asked AI to help me come up with my New Year's resolutions — the results were genuinely useful and achievable I always fail when I set them myself, so this year I let ChatGPT create some New Year's resolutions for me — see how I did it and what pledges it decided for me. By Adam Marshall Published 31 December 25 Meta is reportedly buying Manus — here’s what it could mean for how you use AI every day Meta is reportedly acquiring Manus, an agentic AI startup. Here’s what that could mean for how Meta AI works across Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp. By Amanda Caswell Published 30 December 25 9 ways to start journaling with ChatGPT in 2026 — and actually stick with it ChatGPT makes journaling easier than ever. I tested 9 simple ways to journal with AI in 2026 — using prompts, voice and memory features that actually help you stick with it. By Amanda Caswell Published 30 December 25 I tested ChatGPT, Gemini and Claude to stick to my New Year’s resolutions — here’s what actually helped I tested ChatGPT, Gemini and Claude on nine common New Year’s resolution prompts to see which AI gives the most practical, motivating and sustainable advice — and which one falls short. By Amanda Caswell Published 30 December 25 I'm an AI editor — this AI chatbot has become my favorite of the year, and it's not ChatGPT Google's Gemini chatbot has gone from strength to strength this year. This is why it has become my favorite chatbot of the year. By Alex Hughes Published 30 December 25 ALL AI TVs All TVs Does your TV's processor actually matter? Here's what it really does Just like your computer's processor, TV processors handle speed, multitasking, and overall performance. Here's why you should pay more attention to them. By Christian de Looper Published 31 December 25 LG Gallery TV is coming to battle Samsung’s The Frame LG's new Gallery TV is set to debut at CES 2026 to challenge Samsung's The Frame with a specialized anti-glare Mini-LED screen and AI-powered art curation. By Anthony Spadafora Last updated 30 December 25 As a TV expert, this is what I hope to see from Sony TVs in 2026, including True RGB technology and cheaper Bravia prices With CES on the way, here's a wish list of what I want to see from Sony Bravia TVs in 2026, including cheaper Mini-LED TVs and more information about True RGB technology. By Michael Desjardin Published 30 December 25 CES 2026 Preview: What to expect The Tom's Guide team will be at CES 2026 covering all the latest in tech; ahead of the show, these are the biggest trends and gadgets we expect to see. By Tom's Guide Staff Published 29 December 25 As a TV expert, this is what I hope to see from LG TVs in 2026, from cheaper OLEDs to new features With CES on the way, here's a wish list of what I want to see from LG TVs in 2026, including cheaper OLEDs and upgrades to its C Series OLED TV. By Michael Desjardin Published 29 December 25 Samsung TVs in 2026: Here's what I expect from OLED, Micro RGB and more With CES on the way, here's a wish list of what I want to see from Samsung TVs in 2026, including cheaper Mini-LED TVs and new Micro RGB TVs. By Michael Desjardin Published 28 December 25 ALL TVS Mattresses All Mattresses End-of-year mattress sales 2025: Ring in 2026 with a new bed at a great price In between Black Friday and Presidents' Day, there are the after-Christmas mattress sales. Here's where you'll find the best end-of-year savings. By Alison Barretta Published 27 December 25 The Bear Elite Hybrid is the coolest mattress I've ever tested — and now it's at its lowest price of the year The Bear Elite Hybrid Mattress is a massive 40% off in the after-Christmas sales By Eve Davies Published 27 December 25 It's an after-Christmas miracle! All Tempur-Pedic pillows are now buy-one-get-one-free This is one of the easiest (and most affordable) ways to bring the body-hugging comfort of Tempur-Pedic home — but this sale won't last for long. By Alison Barretta Published 27 December 25 The mattress I recommend to all side sleepers is on sale after Christmas — save 27% on the Helix Midnight Luxe Use our exclusive code to save on our top-rated mattress for side sleepers in the Helix after-Christmas sale and start the year feeling refreshed. By Ruth Jones Published 26 December 25 Looking for comfort on a budget? These mattress toppers are still on sale after Christmas Is your current mattress missing something? Check out these three mattress topper deals in the after-Christmas sales and save up to 44% off MSRP. By Alexis De Leaver Published 26 December 25 This Sleep Number smart mattress just dropped to its lowest price in two years Save up to $1,099 on the Sleep Number c2 smart mattress in rare sale. It's the ideal entry-level smart bed. By Eve Davies Published 26 December 25 ALL MATTRESSES Sleep All Sleep Forget diet and exercise — there's only one New Year's resolution worth keeping, says sleep experts From mental health to physical health, and even life expectancy — here’s how sleep impacts your daily life and why it should be your 2026 resolution By Sarah Finley Published 31 December 25 Why isn’t anyone talking about this really annoying problem with the Scandinavian Sleep Method? I tested out the Scandinavian Sleep Method with my partner, and my experience led to one frustrating realization. By Jenny Haward Published 30 December 25 Can you really ‘catch up’ on lost sleep during the holidays? Two sleep experts weigh in Do your festive plans involve oversleeping and midday naps? Experts explain why the holiday break might not be the chance to make up for several weeks of bad sleep. By Julie Penfold Published 29 December 25 Experts are urging people to get more sleep this winter — here's why Now is the time to catch-up on your sleep, and it's fully approved by doctors. By Becky George Published 28 December 25 6 ways to de-stress and fall asleep fast — and beat the holiday blues Holiday blues and stress can lead to sleepless nights, but our expert tips will help you sleep soundly through the festive season. By Jenny Haward Published 27 December 25 This Sleep Number smart mattress just dropped to its lowest price in two years Save up to $1,099 on the Sleep Number c2 smart mattress in rare sale. It's the ideal entry-level smart bed. By Eve Davies Published 26 December 25 ALL SLEEP Computing All Computing I’m a security editor and these are my 3 security New Years resolutions As a security editor, here are my 3 New Year's resolutions I'll be sticking to for better security. By Amber Bouman Published 31 December 25 NordVPN's biggest updates of 2025 Explore NordVPN’s biggest developments of 2025, from privacy and security audits to new features, apps, and platform upgrades. By Krishi Chowdhary Published 30 December 25 22.6 million hit in massive Aflac data breach with IDs, SSNs, healthcare info and more exposed — what to do now Aflac is notifying impacted customers after completing an investigation into a massive data breach that occurred back in June. By Anthony Spadafora Published 29 December 25 CES 2026 Preview: What to expect The Tom's Guide team will be at CES 2026 covering all the latest in tech; ahead of the show, these are the biggest trends and gadgets we expect to see. By Tom's Guide Staff Published 29 December 25 Gaming on Snapdragon X Elite laptops just got a whole lot better — I tested the latest update and saw 40% faster gameplay I went back to Snapdragon X Elite laptops to see how much gaming has improved with recent GPU updates. Spoiler alert: it has, by a lot. By Jason England Published 29 December 25 I review MacBooks for a living — and these are the biggest developments I expect in 2026 2026 could be a huge year for MacBooks By Tony Polanco Published 29 December 25 ALL COMPUTING Home All Home 'Begin the year feeling refreshed': Marie Kondo recommends decluttering these 3 things for the New Year Want to get rid of clutter in your home? These are the things Marie Kondo wants you to replace for the new year — and there’s a good reason. By Cynthia Lawrence Published 31 December 25 I thought it was weird spying on my cats with this new robotic litter box — but it does more than just record them The Petkit Purobot Max Pro 2 is one of the most tech heavy robotic litter boxes around, complete with an AI-powered 1080p camera to track your cats. By John Velasco Published 31 December 25 I've discovered the easiest way to clean pine needles from carpet — and it's genius Real Christmas trees drop pine needles everywhere, here's the easiest way to clean them all up without needing a vacuum. By Kaycee Hill Published 31 December 25 The best way to store your Christmas lights? Experts recommend this 'pool noodle' technique, and I think it's genius How a pool noodle can save next Christmas. By Millie Fender Published 30 December 25 This compact juicer is the ideal way to start your 2026 health kick, and it's under $40 in the end-of-year sales Save 50% and get your New Year health kick for less with this Magic Bullet juicer, now under $40. By Millie Fender Published 30 December 25 ALL HOME Audio All Audio 2025 has been the best year yet for open earbuds — these are the best ones I've tested This year, I have been testing open-earbuds, and these are my top picks from Soundcore to JLab. By Ashley Thieme Published 31 December 25 I asked a product executive why Nothing's new $69 earbuds sound better than $200 rivals CMF by Nothing Buds Pro 2 sound like $200 buds for $69, so I asked Nilo Casimiro Ericsson, product executive at Dirac, how the tech works. By Erin Bashford Published 31 December 25 I would never buy earbuds without this one key feature I test countless earbuds, and I always look for one key feature. If the buds don't have it, I don't want them. By Erin Bashford Published 30 December 25 I test Sonos soundbars for a living — which is the best one for you? Sonos makes excellent soundbars – but which is the best model for you? By Tammy Rogers Published 29 December 25 AirPods Max 2 — where are they, why aren’t they here yet, and what we want from them The AirPods Max are getting a bit long in the tooth, even after their USB-C upgrade. So what's next for Apple's over-ear headphones? By Tammy Rogers Published 29 December 25 I test headphones for a living — here are the 5 best wired headphones I recommend to friends and family Wired headphones are back, thanks to their simpler connection and improved sound quality. But which pair should you buy in 2026? By Tammy Rogers Published 28 December 25 ALL AUDIO Gaming All Gaming Exclusive: 007 First Light will be a 'completely new experience from the ground up' for Bond, says IO Interactive I sat down with IO Interactive's Theuns Smit to find out what to expect from its upcoming 007 First Light and whether the story-driven, action-adventure game will be the first of many. By Darragh Murphy Published 31 December 25 NYT Pips today hints and answers: Wednesday, December 31 Get clues and answers for today's NYT Pips to keep your streak going. By Scott Younker Last updated 30 December 25 NYT Connections today hints and answers for Wednesday, December 31 #934 Get today's NYT Connections clues and answers for today's puzzle #934 on December 31. By Scott Younker Last updated 30 December 25 I’ve been playing my 16-year-old PSP Go for a month, and now I can’t wait for PS6’s rumored next-gen handheld Playing my favorite games from more than a decade ago on my PSP Go has reaffirmed the fact that I desperately need a powerful handheld console from Sony. By Nikita Achanta Published 30 December 25 12 best video games of 2025 — our top picks for PS5, Switch 2, PC and Xbox 2025 has been another epic year for gaming with must-play titles across PlayStation, Nintendo, PC and Xbox. These are the 13 best games of the last 12 months, according to the Tom's Guide staff. By Rory Mellon Published 30 December 25 I test gadgets for a living and this mobile controller is so good I bought one with my own money The GameSir G8 Plus has become my go-to mobile controller and it's all down to the sheer versatility it offers. By Jeff Parsons Published 29 December 25 ALL GAMING Reviews All Reviews I went hands-on with the new Fire TV Stick 4K Select and the new Vega OS is a sidegrade and not the upgrade Amazon needed The Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Select might offer 4K performance, but the new Vega OS it’s built on leaves many fundamental features on the cutting room floor. By Ryan Epps Published 24 December 25 I tested this wall-mounted, smart infrared heater for two months — and now I can’t imagine going back to a traditional space heater The Boldr Kelvin is a sleek, smart infrared heater that looks like wall art and fixes many of the downsides of a traditional space heater at a premium. By Anthony Spadafora Published 23 December 25 I’ve been using the Sofabaton X2 universal remote for two weeks, and it’s the closest yet to replacing the Logitech Harmony Despite some imperfections, this is the best universal remote I’ve tested in a while By Mike Prospero Published 22 December 25 Lumie Bodyclock Luxe 700FM review 2025: A premium alarm clock that provides a gentle and refreshing wake-up call I tested the Lumie Bodyclock Luxe 700FM for three months to see if it lives up to price tag. Here's why it definitely does... By Frances Daniels Published 21 December 25 Google Nest Doorbell (wired, 3rd gen) review The new Google Nest Doorbell boasts tons of helpful features and a better video quality, but be prepared to pay for those new updates. By Christian de Looper Published 18 December 25 Ring Wired Doorbell Plus (2nd gen) review: Now with 2K and AI With excellent audio and video quality and a super-wide field of view, the Ring Wired Doorbell Plus is an ideal addition to your home if you want to monitor more than just your front stoop. By Dan Cavallari Published 18 December 25 ALL REVIEWS Coupons View more Sling TV Promo Codes for Dec 2025 | SPONSORED Use one of these Sling TV promo codes to save on your streaming fees and help you leave cable behind. ExpressVPN Coupons in December 2025 - SPONSORED These tried & tested ExpressVPN coupons can help you save on the cost of keeping your data private & your computer secure when browsing the web. Private Internet Access Coupon Codes for December 2025 (410 no edits) SPONSORED Use these Private Internet Access coupon codes to save on your VPN and browse, stream or shop online securely. Surfshark Coupons for December 2025 SPONSORED Activate one of these Surfshark coupons to stay safe online and keep your identity protected for less. Tello Coupon Codes for Dec 2025 - SPONSORED Save on your wireless bill with these Tello coupon codes that can be applied to your no-contract phone plan. Home Depot Promo Codes in December 2025 | SPONSORED Shop our tried & tested The Home Depot offers for up to 40% off appliances in the Black Friday sale FlexiSpot discount codes for December 2025 Use one of these FlexiSpot discount codes to save on the brand's home & office desks, chairs, standing desks, and other home furniture. OBDeleven Promo Codes for December - SPONSORED These OBDeleven promo codes can help you save on the brand's Bluetooth-enabled hardware, plus accessories, store credit & paid premium plans. Serta Promo Codes in December 2025 | SPONSORED Rest easy with these Serta promo codes that can be used on mattresses, bedding, furniture, and more. VIEW MORE Latest The best thing I bought in 2025 is the Ba from 2022 — here's why Apple announced the AirPods Pro 3 just a month before I purchased the AirPods Pro 2. Here's why I'm completely satisfied with my purchase. By Dan Bracaglia Published 31 December 25 What will drones look like in 2026? Here are my predictions on what we could see from DJI, Antigravity and others 2025 has been a great year for drones and 2026 could be better. From 360° drones to waterproof ones, here's what the new year could bring. By Nikita Achanta Published 31 December 25 I’m tackling Garmin’s hardest virtual fitness challenge in 2026 — walking the length of the Appalachian Trail The Garmin Appalachian Trail badge is earned by walking 2,175 miles to mimic the length of the famous hiking route — it’s a good way to make your daily step tracking more exciting. By Nick Harris-Fry Published 31 December 25 I saw 113 movies in theaters in 2025 — here’s the 10 best you (probably) missed I saw more than 100 films in my local movie theater in 2025, and these are the 10 best that deserved more time in the spotlight. By Rory Mellon Published 31 December 25 35+ best end-of-year sales at Amazon, Best Buy and Walmart: top deals on apparel, TVs, laptops and more Retailers across the web are closing out the year with a bang! Check out the deals I’d shop now on everything from Lego sets to Adidas sneakers. By Millie Davis-Williams Published 30 December 25 The Fujifilm X-E5 puts the fun back into photography — here’s why it’s my favorite purchase this year The Fujifilm X-E5 is my best purchase of the year, and it’s the only camera I would recommend for everyone. By Ashley Thieme Published 30 December 25 Got a Fujifilm for Christmas? I've been shooting Fuji for 10 years and these are the lenses you should buy I've been shooting Fujifilm for a decade. If you've just got one for Christmas you might be wondering which lenses are worth your time. Allow me to help! By Peter Wolinski Published 30 December 25 4 top new movies to stream this week — including a Hulu pick with 90% on Rotten Tomatoes (Dec. 30-Jan. 5) This week's top new movies across streaming services include one of 2025's best new horror flicks on Hulu, and 'Wicked: For Good.' By Rory Mellon Published 30 December 25 These are the 9 things to do first with your new Garmin watch before anything else Garmin watches are packed with features and offer a lot of customization, so if you've just opened a new one, it’s worth taking the time to set it up properly. By Nick Harris-Fry Last updated 30 December 25 I'm a cameras editor — here are my top mirrorless cameras from a year of testing Of all the cameras launched in 2025, here are my favorites. By Peter Wolinski Published 29 December 25 Amazon takes 30% off Yeti cups and coolers for the holidays! 15 deals I'd shop now There's not much time left to shop these Yeti holiday deals! Check out the best discounts I've found on cups and coolers. By Millie Davis-Williams Published 29 December 25 I reviewed every drone that came out in 2025: these are the best photos and videos I’ve taken From beginner-friendly drones to prosumer quadcopters, I tested every drone from DJI, HoverAir, Potensic and Antigravity this year. By Nikita Achanta Published 29 December 25 I tested more than 40 EVs this year — here's the top 5 most affordable models After driving more than 40 electric vehicles this year, these are the most affordable that I've tested — with prices starting from $30,000. By John Velasco Published 28 December 25 Taylor Swift was spotted using this retro video camera — I’ve tested it and here’s why you should get one too What's that vintage video camera Taylor Swift was using at one of Travis Kelce's games? I reviewed and highly recommend it! By Nikita Achanta Published 28 December 25 End-of-year mattress sales 2025: Ring in 2026 with a new bed at a great price In between Black Friday and Presidents' Day, there are the after-Christmas mattress sales. Here's where you'll find the best end-of-year savings. By Alison Barretta Published 27 December 25 The Bear Elite Hybrid is the coolest mattress I've ever tested — and now it's at its lowest price of the year The Bear Elite Hybrid Mattress is a massive 40% off in the after-Christmas sales By Eve Davies Published 27 December 25 Amazon after Christmas sales 2025: 33+ best deals now starting from $9 I’m shopping the best after-Christmas deals on everything from toys to appliances! Check out the best savings this year. By Millie Davis-Williams Last updated 27 December 25 How to set up and pair your new Apple Watch Just got a new Apple Watch? Here's how to set it up and pair it with your iPhone in a handful of quick and easy steps. By Dan Bracaglia Last updated 27 December 25 Carhartt’s after-Christmas sale is live on Amazon — here’s 13 deals I’d shop on jackets, hoodies, hats and more Carhartt's after-Christmas sale is live! I've rounded up the best apparel deals on hoodies, jackets, hats and more from just $14. By Olivia Halevy Published 27 December 25 It's an after-Christmas miracle! All Tempur-Pedic pillows are now buy-one-get-one-free This is one of the easiest (and most affordable) ways to bring the body-hugging comfort of Tempur-Pedic home — but this sale won't last for long. By Alison Barretta Published 27 December 25 Tom's Guide is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . Add as a preferred source on Google Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility Statement Advertise with us About us Archives Careers ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. Close Please login or signup to comment Please wait... Login Sign Up