Skip to main content
Club Benefits
JOIN NOW
17
MEMBER FEATURES
24/7
ACCESS AVAILABLE
5K+
ACTIVE MEMBERS
🎯
Live Q&A Sessions
Weekly interactive sessions
🏆
Member Competitions
Win exclusive prizes
📚
Exclusive Content
Premium articles & videos
⚡
Early Access
First to see new features
💬
Private Forums
Connect with members
🎁
Monthly Rewards
Surprise gifts & perks
GET CLUB ACCESS QUICK
For the fastest way to join Tom's Guide Club enter your email below. We'll send you a confirmation and sign you up to our newsletter to keep you updated on all the latest news.
By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over, have read our Privacy Policy and agree to the Terms & Conditions . Geographical rules apply.
Tom's Guide
US Edition
Newsletters
RSS
Sign in
Phones
TV & Audio
Entertainment
Computing
AI
Wellness
Home
Browse
Forums
TRENDING
Stranger Things Season 5
CES 2026
Best Tech Gifts
Best TVs
Best Laptops
Home office upgrades
Ultimate NFL Gadgets
Best Mattress
 LATEST NEWS
New on Prime Video in January 2026: All the new shows and movies to watch
7 best Shudder horror movies of 2025
Netflix new releases — 7 shows and movies you need to stream this week (Dec. 29-Jan. 4)
4 top new shows I'd stream this week on Netflix and more (Dec. 29-Jan. 4)
NYT Connections today hints and answers for Sunday, December 29 #932
NYT Pips today hints and answers: Monday, December 29
From $300 million flops to 0% Rotten Tomatoes duds — here’s the 7 worst movies of 2025
Tom's Guide's streaming team offers their verdict on the worst movies of 2025. If you're trying to catch up on the year's releases, you can skip these 7 films.
I test headphones for a living — here are the 5 best wired headphones I recommend to friends and family
CES 2026 could change TVs forever — here's what to expect
I tested over 65 new running shoes in 2025 — these are the best 5 you can buy
I test phones for a living — and my favorite phone of the year isn't from Apple or Samsung
7 best Netflix shows of 2025, ranked by Rotten Tomatoes score
This 7-minute hip mobility routine has finally opened my tight hips and released years' worth of stiffness
Sign up to get the BEST of Tom's Guide direct to your inbox.

Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips.

Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands
Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors
By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
Best Picks
All Best Picks
Best universal remotes in 2025

Here are our favorite picks for controlling all your entertainment devices.

By Mike Prospero Last updated December 23, 2025

Best Samsung TVs in 2025 from budget 4K QLED TVs to premium 8K TVs

From high-end to budget-friendly, these are the best Samsung QLED 4K smart TVs we've reviewed.

By Nick Pino Last updated December 23, 2025

I test the best Android tablets for a living — here's my top 3 picks for 2025

Our guide to the best Android tablets offers a curated list of the top iPad alternatives.

By Darragh Murphy Last updated December 18, 2025

The best VPN in 2025: our top 5 picks

We've tested and reviewed dozens of VPN. On this page we've ranked the five best VPNs we've used, and delve into the details of why they're so good.

By Mo Harber-Lamond Last updated December 18, 2025

Best cable modems in 2025: Say goodbye to equipment rental fees for good

The best cable modems let you avoid monthly rental fees from your ISP and give you greater control over your home network.

By Anthony Spadafora Last updated December 18, 2025

Best gaming laptops that I personally recommend after years of testing and thousands of hours of play

Our best gaming laptops list includes great budget options as well as huge, premium powerhouses. These are the best of the best, based on hours of testing and hands-on reviews.

By Alex Wawro Last updated December 16, 2025

ALL BEST PICKS 
Streaming
All Streaming
3 Prime Video movies from 2025 that are actually worth watching

Prime Video's feature-length output hasn't been great this year, but here are the 3 Prime Video original movies that I'd really recommend streaming from 2025.

By Martin Shore Published 23 hours ago

Everything new on Apple TV in January 2026

Our guide on the new movies and shows coming to Apple TV Plus in January 2026.

By Brittany Vincent Published yesterday

New on Disney+ in January 2026: All the new shows and movies to watch

Our guide to all the new movies and TV shows coming to Disney+ throughout January 2026, including our top three picks of the streamer's new releases.

By Brittany Vincent Published yesterday

10 best TV show episodes of 2025, ranked

I've seen 56 shows this year and these were the 10 best episodes I watched in 2025.

By Malcolm McMillan Published yesterday

Netflix top 10 movies — here’s the 3 worth watching right now (Dec. 27-28)

Our guide on the three best movies to watch on Netflix’s top 10, including Kate Winslet's fit-for-Christmas directorial debut and a survivalist drama starring Jude Law and Sydney Sweeney

By Christina Izzo Published 2 days ago

ALL STREAMING 
Video
All Videos
The Best Tech I Actually Used ALMOST Every Day in 2025

Can Apple Vision Pro Replace My LG OLED TV? Movies, Gaming, Sports Compared!

DJI Osmo Pocket 3 Beginner’s Guide | Tips + Tricks for Better Video!

Handheld Showdown: Legion Go 2 vs Xbox Ally X, Steam Machine Rumors & What’s Next In Handheld Gaming

LG B5 OLED Review | Best Budget OLED TV… EVER?

The Best Gaming Keyboards of 2025: Hall Effect, Wireless, Full Size, and More!

BEST Battery Life Phones in 2025 (TESTED + RANKED!) | Tom’s Guide Battery Test

ALL VIDEOS 
Phones
All Phones
I’ve tested every flagship phone this year — and these are my 7 favorite AI features on each one

From Google's Ask Photos that makes photo edits a breeze, to Samsung's Cross App Actions, these are the 7 best AI features I've tested this year.

By John Velasco Published 4 hours ago

Google phones in 2026: Pixel 10a, Pixel 11 and more

From a budget phone in the first half of 2026 to flagship release later on, here's what we know about Google's Pixel plans going forward.

By Alan Martin Published 23 hours ago

I like Apple’s iOS 26 update but the new Games app is a letdown — here's why

Now that iOS 26 has been out for a few months, it's time to revisit the Games app introduced with that software update. In my experience, it's really falling short.

By Philip Michaels Published yesterday

Samsung reportedly doesn't know what to charge for the Galaxy S26 — and that could be bad news

A report out of South Korea suggests Samsung is struggling with setting a price for the upcoming Galaxy S26 models due to the rising costs of components.

By Philip Michaels Published 2 days ago

Hurry! This Otterbox iPhone 17 Pro case just hit its lowest price ever at 40% off

If you want to protect your new iPhone for less, this Otterbox deal is for you.

By Mark Spoonauer Published 2 days ago

Think you know Apple? Take this 25-question quiz to find out

How much do you know about Cupertino's tech giant?

By Dave LeClair Last updated 2 days ago

ALL PHONES 
Fitness
All Fitness
I review hiking boots for a living — and this is what I look for when buying a new pair

These are the things to look for when you buy new walking shoes to minimize pain on long hikes.

By Ashley Thieme Published 18 minutes ago

Need a factory reset after the holidays — this spicy dumbbell upper-body and core workout is all you need

This quick, four-move dumbbell workout targets your upper body and core. It's perfect for a mid-holiday energy boost.

By Jessica Downey Published 3 hours ago

I tried 'zombie squats' in my strength workouts for one week — here's how it torches your quads and core and boosts posture

The zombie squat is a bodyweight exercise that strengthens your quads and tests posture. Here's how to do it and the benefits.

By Lucy Miller Published 4 hours ago

Forget the gym — this 25-minute 'Jeffing' workout builds your strength and boosts your metabolism

This Jeffing-inspired functional workout builds a strong body and boosts cardiovascular fitness by combining bodyweight exercises with running and walking.

By Sam Hopes Last updated 20 hours ago

No more pinched toes — I tried these hiking shoes and now I won't wear anything else

I reviewed the Keen Jasper Zionic, and now every pair of shoes has been ruined for me thanks to this one game-changing design feature.

By Erin Bashford Published 21 hours ago

Patagonia's winter sale is knocking up to 50% off cold-weather apparel and gear starting at $11

Patagonia is slashing the prices on beanies, jackets, fleeces and more this winter. Here are the styles I would shop.

By Olivia Halevy Published 23 hours ago

ALL FITNESS 
Meet The Team
Mark Spoonauer

20 years in technology journalism

Jane McGuire

Fitness editor and avid runner

Alex Wawro

Computing editor with more than a decade’s experience

Kate Kozuch

Expert in wearables and smart home

Louis Ramirez

Deals editor and money-saving expert

Nick Pino

Expert in all things TV and AV

Mike Prospero

U.S

Editor in Chief

Philip Michaels

All things mobile

Kelly Woo

Your guide to what to watch

Jason England

Managing Editor, Computing

Cynthia Lawrence

Homes how-to expert

Stephen Lambrechts

Managing editor of Tom's Guide AU

Rory Mellon

Expert on deals and gaming

Tony Polanco

Years of computing and gaming knowledge

Malcolm McMillan

News writer covering all sorts of tech

Jeff Parsons

UK Editor-in-Chief

Tom Pritchard

Automotive Editor

Sam Hopes

Fitness writer, certified personal trainer

Richard Priday

UK-based phones writer

Anthony Spadafora

Security and networking expert

Peter Wolinski

Reviews editor and tester of all things

Millie Davis-Williams

Deals writer

Millie Fender

Homes Editor

Jessica Downey

Fitness writer and marathon runner

Claire Davies

Sleep Editor and certified sleep science coach

Nicola Appleton

Sleep Features Editor

Frances Daniels

Sleep Writer

James Frew

Buying Guide Editor

Dan Bracaglia

Senior Writer, Fitness and Wearables.

Dave LeClair

Senior News Editor

Scott Younker

West Coast Reporter

Alyse Stanley

News Editor

Tammy Rogers

Audio Editor

AI
All AI
I used AI to break one bad habit — and it worked in ways I didn’t expect

I’ve bitten my nails for years. I used AI to break the habit — not with reminders or discipline, but with awareness and reflection. Here’s what actually worked.

By Amanda Caswell Published 2 hours ago

This is the ‘starting line’ ChatGPT prompt I use — and it works every time

Feeling stuck or overwhelmed? This simple ChatGPT prompt helps you get started when you don’t know what to ask — and it works for everything from writing to daily planning.

By Amanda Caswell Published 22 hours ago

5 huge AI misconceptions to drop now — here’s what you need to know in 2026

AI tools exploded in 2025, but so did the myths around them. As we head into a new year, it’s time to clear up the most common misconceptions about AI and what it can actually do today.

By Amanda Caswell Published 2 days ago

I used ChatGPT, Claude, and Google to find the best flight deals — and one tool actually beat price-comparison sites

I tested ChatGPT, Claude, and Google Flight Deals to see whether AI can actually help you find cheaper flights in January.

By Christoph Schwaiger Published 2 days ago

ChatGPT vs. Gemini — I asked both for parenting advice and one clearly did it better

I put ChatGPT and Gemini through seven real-life parenting dilemmas, from sleep struggles to screen time, to see which AI actually helps parents.

By Amanda Caswell Published December 26, 2025

iOS 26 has hidden easter eggs you probably haven't found — here are 5 you need to try

Discover five hidden iOS 26 easter eggs and secret responses that make your iPhone so much more fun to use.

By Kaycee Hill Published December 26, 2025

ALL AI 
TVs
All TVs
As a TV expert, this is what I hope to see from LG TVs in 2026, from cheaper OLEDs to new features

With CES on the way, here's a wish list of what I want to see from LG TVs in 2026, including cheaper OLEDs and upgrades to its C Series OLED TV.

By Michael Desjardin Published 1 hour ago

Samsung TVs in 2026: Here's what I expect from OLED, Micro RGB and more

With CES on the way, here's a wish list of what I want to see from Samsung TVs in 2026, including cheaper Mini-LED TVs and new Micro RGB TVs.

By Michael Desjardin Published yesterday

5 ways to take care of your OLED display — follow these tips to protect your premium screen

Whether dealing with the best gaming monitors or best OLED TVs, here are some essential tips for keeping your beloved screen operating at its finest.

By Dave Meikleham Published yesterday

Just got a Hisense TV? Change these 5 settings before you start watching

Make the most of your Hisense TV with these five quick setting changes,

By Kaycee Hill Published December 26, 2025

Just got a brand-new Samsung TV? Enable these 4 features and settings now for the best performance

Here are a few additional Samsung TV tweaks that can improve audio and picture quality in games and entertainment.

By Ryan Epps Published December 26, 2025

The OLED TV deal I recommend to everyone is nearly 50% off right now — get it in time for Christmas with in-store pickup

The LG C5 OLED is on sale for almost 50% off this holiday! Add it to your cart and stream all your favorite movies and shows on one of the most gorgeous screens we've tested.

By Millie Davis-Williams Last updated December 25, 2025

ALL TVS 
Mattresses
All Mattresses
End-of-year mattress sales 2025: Ring in 2026 with a new bed at a great price

In between Black Friday and Presidents' Day, there are the after-Christmas mattress sales. Here's where you'll find the best end-of-year savings.

By Alison Barretta Published 2 days ago

The Bear Elite Hybrid is the coolest mattress I've ever tested — and now it's at its lowest price of the year

The Bear Elite Hybrid Mattress is a massive 40% off in the after-Christmas sales

By Eve Davies Published 2 days ago

It's an after-Christmas miracle! All Tempur-Pedic pillows are now buy-one-get-one-free

This is one of the easiest (and most affordable) ways to bring the body-hugging comfort of Tempur-Pedic home — but this sale won't last for long.

By Alison Barretta Published 2 days ago

The mattress I recommend to all side sleepers is on sale after Christmas — save 27% on the Helix Midnight Luxe

Use our exclusive code to save on our top-rated mattress for side sleepers in the Helix after-Christmas sale and start the year feeling refreshed.

By Ruth Jones Published 3 days ago

Looking for comfort on a budget? These mattress toppers are still on sale after Christmas

Is your current mattress missing something? Check out these three mattress topper deals in the after-Christmas sales and save up to 44% off MSRP.

By Alexis De Leaver Published 3 days ago

This Sleep Number smart mattress just dropped to its lowest price in two years

Save up to $1,099 on the Sleep Number c2 smart mattress in rare sale. It's the ideal entry-level smart bed.

By Eve Davies Published 3 days ago

ALL MATTRESSES 
Sleep
All Sleep
Experts are urging people to get more sleep this winter — here's why

Now is the time to catch-up on your sleep, and it's fully approved by doctors.

By Becky George Published 21 hours ago

6 ways to de-stress and fall asleep fast — and beat the holiday blues

Holiday blues and stress can lead to sleepless nights, but our expert tips will help you sleep soundly through the festive season.

By Jenny Haward Published 2 days ago

This Sleep Number smart mattress just dropped to its lowest price in two years

Save up to $1,099 on the Sleep Number c2 smart mattress in rare sale. It's the ideal entry-level smart bed.

By Eve Davies Published 3 days ago

Grab the tupperware and fall asleep fast — 3 Christmas leftovers that can help you sleep

Nutritionists explain how three Christmas leftovers can help you snooze better over the holiday period

By Sarah Finley Published December 26, 2025

Fart walking could be the key to sleeping better after Christmas dinner — here's why

Beat the food coma and get great sleep with a fart walk — pardon us, but it's not as gross as it sounds

By Eve Davies Published December 25, 2025

Dermatologists reveal the gross reason why you should wash your new Christmas pajamas before wearing them — especially if you have this condition

Thinking of wearing your brand new Christmas pajamas without washing them first? Skin experts are urging you to think again for this health reason

By Frances Daniels Published December 24, 2025

ALL SLEEP 
Computing
All Computing
Gaming on Snapdragon X Elite laptops just got a whole lot better — I tested the latest update and saw 40% faster gameplay

I went back to Snapdragon X Elite laptops to see how much gaming has improved with recent GPU updates. Spoiler alert: it has, by a lot.

By Jason England Published 48 minutes ago

I review MacBooks for a living — and these are the biggest developments I expect in 2026

2026 could be a huge year for MacBooks

By Tony Polanco Published 3 hours ago

The biggest VPN developments of 2025 – and what 2026 has to offer

2025 was a huge year for VPNs, with age verification, social media bans, and brand new innovation in the field. I've rounded up this year's top stories in one place.

By Mo Harber-Lamond Published 4 hours ago

Massive Rainbow Six Siege breach reportedly linked to MongoBleed flaw — everything you need to know

Hackers are leveraging the new MongoBleed flaw to leak memory from exposed MongoDB instances and Ubisoft’s Rainbow Six Siege could be one of the first victims.

By Anthony Spadafora Published 12 hours ago

LG Display unveils world’s first OLED monitor with crazy high 720Hz refresh rate and response time of just 0.02ms

LG is bringing new gaming monitors to CES 2026 with superfast OLED displays, improved brightness and its new Tandem WOLED tech, Primary RGB Tandem 2.0.

By Anthony Spadafora Published 15 hours ago

5G vs. public Wi-Fi – is it safer to just use your data in 2026?

We explore whether it's safer to use 5G or public Wi-Fi, when you should use either, and how to keep safe when using them

By Zoran Danilovic Published 20 hours ago

ALL COMPUTING 
Home
All Home
How to grind your coffee correctly — 3 easy tips from an ex-barista

I'm an ex-barista, and here are 3 easy ways to tell if you're using the correct grind size for your coffee.

By Erin Bashford Published 3 minutes ago

I've been using WD-40 all wrong — it's actually an amazing household cleaner

You can clean almost everything with WD-40, here's where you can use it.

By Carrie Etter Published 2 hours ago

2026 is the year for ‘fridgescaping’ and IKEA’s new organizers make it so much easier and start at just $3

These genius fridge tidies from IKEA start from $3, and they'll turn your fridge from chaos to calm in 2026

By Annie Collyer Published 4 hours ago

I ditched my grill for a flat-top griddle in 2025 — here's why I'm never going back

From smash burgers to hibachi, the Traeger Flatrock 2 Zone turned my backyard into a mini restaurant and made me want to fire it up every chance I get.

By Paul Antill Published 20 hours ago

Portable lamps are a huge trend right now — IKEA’s new version looks pricey but costs just $39

Place this lamp literally anywhere in your home — from your kitchen to your entryway and even bathroom

By Annie Collyer Last updated 21 hours ago

ALL HOME 
Audio
All Audio
I test Sonos soundbars for a living — which is the best one for you?

Sonos makes excellent soundbars – but which is the best model for you?

By Tammy Rogers Published 1 hour ago

AirPods Max 2 — where are they, why aren’t they here yet, and what we want from them

The AirPods Max are getting a bit long in the tooth, even after their USB-C upgrade. So what's next for Apple's over-ear headphones?

By Tammy Rogers Published 3 hours ago

I ditched my PS5 gaming headset for these audiophile headphones — 3 things I love (and 2 I hate)

As an avid gamer and audiophile, I ditched my gaming headset to use the Meze 105 AER wired headphones for gaming on my PS5, and I was blown away.

By Nikita Achanta Published yesterday

Just got a pair of Sony WH-1000XM6s? Here’s what to do first

Just got some new Sony ANC headphones for the holidays? Here are the first things you should do with them to make sure they're working to their absolute best.

By Tammy Rogers Published 2 days ago

Got a new Sonos soundbar? Here’s the 5 settings you need to change first

To get the most out of your Sonos Arc Ultra, you'll need to change these settings.

By Tammy Rogers Published 2 days ago

I test record players for a living — here are the must-have accessories for your vinyl

Grab yourself some vinyl accessories this holiday season so that you can get the most out of your turntable.

By Tammy Rogers Published 3 days ago

ALL AUDIO 
Gaming
All Gaming
8 best games in 2025 that you (probably) didn't play on PS5, Switch 2, PC and Xbox

If you've already played all the most high-profile games of 2025, here are the best new gaming titles that you may have skipped.

By Rory Mellon Published 2 hours ago

Today's NYT Strands hints and answer: solutions to game #666, December 29

We help you find today's Strands answers with some useful hints and tips to win.

By Alan Martin Last updated 6 hours ago

Today’s Wordle hints and answer: December 29, 2025, solution #1,654

Find out what today's Wordle hint and answer is and get some tips for it, plus see the solutions to previous games.

By Alan Martin Last updated 6 hours ago

I like Apple’s iOS 26 update but the new Games app is a letdown — here's why

Now that iOS 26 has been out for a few months, it's time to revisit the Games app introduced with that software update. In my experience, it's really falling short.

By Philip Michaels Published yesterday

15 best Steam Deck games to play first — here's my top picks

If you just got a Steam Deck and don't know which games to play first, we're here to help you pick the best ones for your new handheld.

By Tony Polanco Last updated 2 days ago

Just got a Switch 2? Here’s the 5 games you need to play first

If you just picked up a brand new Nintendo Switch 2 over the holidays, here are the 5 games I think you should play first.

By Rory Mellon Last updated 2 days ago

ALL GAMING 
Reviews
All Reviews
I went hands-on with the new Fire TV Stick 4K Select and the new Vega OS is a sidegrade and not the upgrade Amazon needed

    

The Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Select might offer 4K performance, but the new Vega OS it’s built on leaves many fundamental features on the cutting room floor.

By Ryan Epps Published December 25, 2025

I tested this wall-mounted, smart infrared heater for two months — and now I can’t imagine going back to a traditional space heater

    

The Boldr Kelvin is a sleek, smart infrared heater that looks like wall art and fixes many of the downsides of a traditional space heater at a premium.

By Anthony Spadafora Published December 24, 2025

I’ve been using the Sofabaton X2 universal remote for two weeks, and it’s the closest yet to replacing the Logitech Harmony

    

Despite some imperfections, this is the best universal remote I’ve tested in a while

By Mike Prospero Published December 23, 2025

Lumie Bodyclock Luxe 700FM review 2025: A premium alarm clock that provides a gentle and refreshing wake-up call

    

I tested the Lumie Bodyclock Luxe 700FM for three months to see if it lives up to price tag. Here's why it definitely does...

By Frances Daniels Published December 21, 2025

Google Nest Doorbell (wired, 3rd gen) review

    

The new Google Nest Doorbell boasts tons of helpful features and a better video quality, but be prepared to pay for those new updates.

By Christian de Looper Published December 19, 2025

Ring Wired Doorbell Plus (2nd gen) review: Now with 2K and AI

    

With excellent audio and video quality and a super-wide field of view, the Ring Wired Doorbell Plus is an ideal addition to your home if you want to monitor more than just your front stoop.

By Dan Cavallari Published December 19, 2025

ALL REVIEWS 
Coupons
View more
Sling TV Promo Codes for Dec 2025 |

SPONSORED Use one of these Sling TV promo codes to save on your streaming fees and help you leave cable behind.

ExpressVPN Coupons in December 2025 -

SPONSORED These tried & tested ExpressVPN coupons can help you save on the cost of keeping your data private & your computer secure when browsing the web.

Private Internet Access Coupon Codes for December 2025 (410 no edits)

SPONSORED Use these Private Internet Access coupon codes to save on your VPN and browse, stream or shop online securely.

Surfshark Coupons for December 2025

SPONSORED Activate one of these Surfshark coupons to stay safe online and keep your identity protected for less.

Tello Coupon Codes for Dec 2025 -

SPONSORED Save on your wireless bill with these Tello coupon codes that can be applied to your no-contract phone plan.

Home Depot Promo Codes in December 2025 |

SPONSORED Shop our tried & tested The Home Depot offers for up to 40% off appliances in the Black Friday sale

FlexiSpot discount codes for December 2025

Use one of these FlexiSpot discount codes to save on the brand's home & office desks, chairs, standing desks, and other home furniture.

OBDeleven Promo Codes for December -

SPONSORED These OBDeleven promo codes can help you save on the brand's Bluetooth-enabled hardware, plus accessories, store credit & paid premium plans.

Serta Promo Codes in December 2025 |

SPONSORED Rest easy with these Serta promo codes that can be used on mattresses, bedding, furniture, and more.

VIEW MORE 
Latest
I reviewed every drone that came out in 2025: these are the best photos and videos I’ve taken

From beginner-friendly drones to prosumer quadcopters, I tested every drone from DJI, HoverAir, Potensic and Antigravity this year.

By Nikita Achanta Published 3 hours ago

I tested more than 40 EVs this year — here's the top 5 most affordable models

After driving more than 40 electric vehicles this year, these are the most affordable that I've tested — with prices starting from $30,000.

By John Velasco Published yesterday

Taylor Swift was spotted using this retro video camera — I’ve tested it and here’s why you should get one too

What's that vintage video camera Taylor Swift was using at one of Travis Kelce's games? I reviewed and highly recommend it!

By Nikita Achanta Published yesterday

End-of-year mattress sales 2025: Ring in 2026 with a new bed at a great price

In between Black Friday and Presidents' Day, there are the after-Christmas mattress sales. Here's where you'll find the best end-of-year savings.

By Alison Barretta Published 2 days ago

The Bear Elite Hybrid is the coolest mattress I've ever tested — and now it's at its lowest price of the year

The Bear Elite Hybrid Mattress is a massive 40% off in the after-Christmas sales

By Eve Davies Published 2 days ago

Amazon after Christmas sales 2025: 33+ best deals now starting from $9

I’m shopping the best after-Christmas deals on everything from toys to appliances! Check out the best savings this year.

By Millie Davis-Williams Last updated 2 days ago

How to set up and pair your new Apple Watch

Just got a new Apple Watch? Here's how to set it up and pair it with your iPhone in a handful of quick and easy steps.

By Dan Bracaglia Last updated 2 days ago

Carhartt’s after-Christmas sale is live on Amazon — here’s 13 deals I’d shop on jackets, hoodies, hats and more

Carhartt's after-Christmas sale is live! I've rounded up the best apparel deals on hoodies, jackets, hats and more from just $14.

By Olivia Halevy Published 2 days ago

It's an after-Christmas miracle! All Tempur-Pedic pillows are now buy-one-get-one-free

This is one of the easiest (and most affordable) ways to bring the body-hugging comfort of Tempur-Pedic home — but this sale won't last for long.

By Alison Barretta Published 2 days ago

9 things to do first with your new Garmin watch

Garmin watches are packed with features and offer a lot of customization, so if you've just opened a new one, it’s worth taking the time to set it up properly.

By Nick Harris-Fry Published 2 days ago

I’ve reviewed nearly 30 cameras this year: these are the best photos I’ve taken on instant, film and mirrorless

From beginner-friendly ones to professional snappers, I've tested every kind of camera this year, and these are the best photos I've taken on them.

By Nikita Achanta Published 2 days ago

The mattress I recommend to all side sleepers is on sale after Christmas — save 27% on the Helix Midnight Luxe

Use our exclusive code to save on our top-rated mattress for side sleepers in the Helix after-Christmas sale and start the year feeling refreshed.

By Ruth Jones Published 3 days ago

Looking for comfort on a budget? These mattress toppers are still on sale after Christmas

Is your current mattress missing something? Check out these three mattress topper deals in the after-Christmas sales and save up to 44% off MSRP.

By Alexis De Leaver Published 3 days ago

Huge Walmart after Christmas sale is live: 29 can't-miss deals I'd buy now

Walmart's after Christmas sale just went live. Here are the top deals I recommend on 4K TVs, Crocs, Lego, laptops, and more.

By Louis Ramirez Last updated 3 days ago

These 5 items will give your bed a cozy upgrade this winter — now from $79 in the after-Christmas sales

Don't be left in the cold this winter — browse these discounted sleep essentials in the after-Christmas bedding sales to take your nighttime comfort to the next level.

By Alexis De Leaver Published 3 days ago

51 sizzling after Christmas sales of 2025: shop Hulu, Ninja, YETI, Carhartt, Apple and more

Christmas might be over, but the sales are still going strong. Check out all the best deals you can shop after the holidays.

By Olivia Halevy Last updated 3 days ago

Just got a drone for Christmas 2025? Take to the skies with these tips from an expert

From registering your drone and conducting a pre-flight check to checking the weather, here's everything you need to do before you fly for the first time.

By Nikita Achanta Published 3 days ago

This Nectar after-Christmas deal stands out for its all-around value — it's just $649 for a queen

The Nectar Classic Memory Foam Mattress remains one of the best values out there. Here's why you should take advantage of this offer in the after-Christmas sales.

By Alexis De Leaver Published 3 days ago

Saatva's after-Christmas sale cuts $300 off its most popular luxury innerspring hybrid mattress — but this offer won't last long

You can save $300 on all orders over $1,000 at Saatva, including the no. 1-rated Saatva Classic Mattress.

By Alexis De Leaver Published 3 days ago

The 'Anaconda' reboot made me laugh so hard I cried

The "Anaconda" reboot blew my expectations away and made me laugh so hard I cried. This is my top comedy film of the year.

By Malcolm McMillan Published 3 days ago

Tom's Guide is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

Add as a preferred source on Google
Terms and conditions
Contact Future's experts
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Accessibility Statement
Advertise with us
About us
Archives
Careers

© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.