Tonal | Smart Home Gym Equipment and Workout Programs Skip to content Tonal Tonal Equipment Tonal Equipment Overview Smart Training Technology Installation Book a Demo The Experience Workouts Movement Library NEW: Pilates Coaches Resource Hub Membership What's Included Personalized Training Member Stories Shop Now Tonal 2 Tonal 1 Certified Refurbished Tonal Accessories Performance Shop Tonal x Momentous State of Strength Book a Demo Equipment Tonal Equipment Overview Smart Training Technology Installation Book a Demo The Experience Workouts Movement Library NEW: Pilates Coaches Resource Hub Membership What's Included Personalized Training Member Stories Shop Now Tonal 2 Tonal 1 Certified Refurbished Tonal Accessories Performance Shop Tonal x Momentous State of Strength Book a Demo NEW YEAR SALE SAVE 20% Don’t wait for January to get serious. Shop our New Year Sale and save. SAVE NOW HSA/FSA eligible * See full terms and conditions. NEW YEAR SALE SAVE 20% Don’t wait for January to get serious. Shop our New Year Sale and save. SAVE NOW HSA/FSA eligible * See full terms and conditions. Pilates, Reformed A reimagined reformer experience with expert guidance from coach Kristin McGee EXPLORE PILATES NEW TONAL IS NOW HSA/FSA ELIGIBLE Now you can use your pre-tax HSA/FSA dollars to save an average of 30%* on Tonal. Learn More The Ultimate Strength Training System DISCOVER TONAL Get the expertise of a personal trainer and a full gym in your home Weight that adapts to you Tonal learns your strength and sets the optimal resistance for every rep, increasing in as little as one-pound increments to keep you challenged as you get stronger. Explore Smart Tech Get more out of every rep Science-backed workouts with real-time guidance help you train safely and maximize your effort. See the Workouts Gains without the guesswork Tonal replaces standard gym equipment with smart tech that automatically tracks your progress and unlocks insights about your strength, so you can focus on hitting your goals. Train With Tonal Unlock a new level of training with membership Learn More Each Tonal purchase requires a 12 month commitment of $59.95/month plus applicable sales tax training for the whole household Each membership comes with unlimited accounts, so everyone in your house can tap into a personalized training experience. access advanced lifting modes Fast-track your fitness results and build muscle up to 2x faster with advanced lifting modes like Drop sets that automatically adjust the weight, so you never have to re-rack. training for every chapter of life Whether you’re just getting started or experienced with strength training, Tonal has something for every member to hit their goals. What the press is saying “This is *the* smart home gym setup worth investing in due to several features that other smart gyms don’t have." “It’s the first piece of digital weight training equipment I’ve used that makes improving your performance easy.” "Tonal 2 Has Finally Made Me Like Strength Training" "I'm a Trainer and Tonal 2 Is the Best At-Home Fitness Machine I've Tried" "Best Smart Home Gym: Tonal 2" "Tonal 2 Has Finally Made Me Like Strength Training" What Tonal Members Are Saying EXPLORE SUCCESS STORIES " Tonal has endless options as far as moves you can do. It’s very flexible and adaptive to what I wanted to achieve. I wasn’t leaving anything on the table at the end of these workouts. John S. " At 66 years of age, I'm the strongest and the healthiest that I've ever been in my entire life, thanks to Tonal. I feel more stable, more secure, more capable. I don't have to worry about lifting heavy things. Arlene K. " What I like most about Tonal is I'm not fixed to a gym block anymore. Now I can spread out my workouts throughout the day based on my chaotic life. I can do a quick session in the morning knowing I can come back in the evening and finish. Michelle T. " Tonal has been revolutionary in my training.  It’s one of the few products I’ve tried that actually lives up to all its promises—and even surpasses them. I’m absolutely stronger. Travis G. GEAR-UP FOR THE NeXT LEVEl Enhance your workouts with Tonal premium apparel, accessories and more. SHOP NOW 2025 State of strength report This year’s Tonal State of Strength Report reveals fitness is entering a new era where strength, longevity, and personalization eclipse aesthetics and outdated routines. READ THE REPORT *Truemed is for qualified customers. HSA/FSA tax savings vary. Learn more at truemed.com/disclosures Newsletter Get insider information about exclusive offers, events and more! Email address Subscribe Call Us 855.698.6625 About Tonal About Tonal About Us Careers Locations Support Support Tonal Support Center Contact Tonal for Business Financing HSA/FSA Eligibility Heroes Discount Ways to Save Refer a Friend Relocation Tonal Hotel Finder Extend Product Protection FAQ Legal Legal Terms Privacy Policies Warranty Patents Accessibility Copyright © 2025 Tonal. All rights reserved. Your Privacy Choices