TopMediai – All-in-One AI Video, Music & Voiceover Platform AI Video Generator AI Video Generator Transform any text or images into dynamic videos. See what
                    comes to life! Try It Now Video Generation Types Image to Video Hot Text to Video Video to Video AI Short Video AI Video Extender Supported AI Models Sora 2 New Veo 3 Vidu Nano Banana Midjourney AI Video Effects Christmas Kiss AI Wedding Video AI Earth Zoom AI Minecraft Video AI 3D Figure 200 + Effects Top Picks AI Video Tools Al Video Generator Latest Image to Video Text to Video Short Video Maker Al Video Effects Funny AI Music Tools AI Music Generator Best Seller AI Song Cover Singing Photo Maker Audio to Midi AI Voice Changer AI Voiceover Tools Text to Speech Hot Voice Cloning AI Dubbing Lip Sync Video Maker Speech to Speech More Features AI Art Generator Voice Enhancer AI Lyrics Generator AI Stem Splitter Watermark Remover Free View All Tools API API for Music-related Services AI Music Generator API Create unique and royalty-free music effortlessly. AI Song Cover API Make song covers in any voice or customize your own voice. Voice Changer API Easily transform your voice into another with 1000+
                      effects. API for Voiceover-related Services Text to Speech API Convert written text into natural-sounding speech. Voice Cloning API Clone your voice in minutes to generate arbitrary speech. Need Help？Click Here Contact With Our Support Team. View API plans TopMediai's API Documentation: Technical reference for integrating our API services. View the docs & references All Tools Resources Help&Support Support Center About us Affiliate Partner FAQs Blogs Contact Us Discord Popular Tips Turn Text to Song AI [Easy & Free] Hot AI Jingle Maker: Create Perfect Jingles! Change Lyrics of a Song Online Hot AI Music Genre Changer For Different Styles AI Melody Generator for Beautiful Melody Make AI Song Cover [Tutorial] Realistic David Attenborough Voice Generator Sexy and Hot Girl Voice in TTS Hot Text to Singing Voice Generator Baby Voice Generator: Create Cute Audio Create Morgan Freeman AI Voiceover Best Kid Voice Changer Online Top 3 AI Celebrity Video Generators Top Kling AI Alternative [Free & Paid] Hot Ultimate Guide to Sora 2.0 Best Tools for AI Muscle Effects Top 10 AI Video Generators Online Most-picked 5 AI Video Extenders View more Use Case Make Viral AI Videos Sora 2 AI Video Generator New Veo 3 AI Video Generator Kling AI Video Generator Vidu AI Video Generator Pixverse AI Video Generator AI Music Creation AI Music Video Generator Hot Easily transform your voice into another with 1000+ effects. Kpop AI Cover Generator Cover K-pop songs with your favorite artist's voice. AI Rap Generator Create your own rap song effortlessly with AI. AI Lyrics Generator Instantly generate lyrics that fit your mood. Create AI Voices Celebrity AI Voice Generator Hot Enhance projects with our celebrity AI voice generator. Youtube AI Voice Generator Convert written text into natural-sounding speech. Pricing Close EN Log in Get Started Free Close Join our Discord! X Blind Box for Gold Coins Happy to accept X Sign-in benefits Signed for consecutive day. Successful signing in today + days left to get a -day check-in surprise box Sign-in rules 1.Get 5 gold coins for signing in daily. 2.Members sign in to get 2-3 times gold coins. 3.Sign in for 7 consecutive days to get 5-60 gold blind boxes！ Gold coins are permanent and can be used to redeem vouchers; character
          counts; voice clones and other perks All-in-One Platform for Video, Music, and Voiceover We have everything you need to create high-quality videos with music and voiceovers. No technical skills required. Bring your best ideas to life on TopMediai now. Image to Video Lyrics to Music Text to Speech Trusted by over 3.5M creators, influencers, and business owners worldwide. TopMediai's Star Product You Can't Miss AI Video Generator Latest AI Video Generator: Easily Make Professional-Quality Videos Turn text or images into stunning AI videos Support advanced AI models: Veo3、Sora、Vidu Make videos easily with 200+ video effects Make shorts with visuals, voiceovers, and music Use ready-to-use videos freely anywhere Create Video Now 157,846+ AI videos created AI Music Generator Best AI Music Generator: for Royalty-Free Songs Create high-quality original music in seconds Make songs via lyrics, images or prompts Change song lyrics and genres easily Download songs in WAV、MP3、MP4 Use online, via app, or integrate with API Create Music Now 896,795+ original songs
                                                          created Text to Speech Free Text to Speech Online with Realistic AI Voices 3200+ voices with 190+ languages & accents Convert text into natural-sounding AI voice Parameters adjustment for best result Download audio in WAV/MP3 Perfect for making voiceover for videos Try It Now 18632 people are using... 847,200+ TTS conversions
                                                          made All Try more voices for free 3200+ AI Voices All Try more voices for free 190+ languages & accents 78 /100 Conversion failed: Please try again. Enhance Voice Enhance Voice Adjust Parameters speech,pitch,volume... Reduce Noise Change Emotion Listen Voice Cloning Experience Next-Level Voice Cloning : Clone Your Own Realistic
                                          Voice 36 languages supported, breaking language barriers 3 cloning methods: Instant, Pro and Role Cloning Fast: Cloned voices in minutes with simple steps Customizable: Design your own voice by parameters Secure & Private: Data and voice models protected Clone Voice For Free 62,970+ voices
                                                          cloned AI Song Cover Best AI Song Cover Generator: Create AI covers of your favorite songs Make AI song covers in seconds 10,000+ AI models with the best quality Train your own AI voice model AI chorus and duets song cover Reverberation and song cover video Create AI Cover Free 2,451,648+ AI covers
                                                          made Your Effortless Way to Create Media Content with AI AI Music Tools AI Video Tools AI Voiceover Tools TopMediai AI Music Generator Create original, royalty-free music based on lyrics, text
                                              prompts or images in seconds—no music skills required. With customizable
                                              genres,
                                              moods, and tempos, We help you generate high-quality tracks for videos,
                                              games,
                                              podcasts, and more. Create Music Now TopMediai AI Song Cover Create amazing AI covers of songs in any genre or style
                                              with
                                              10,000+ trending AI voices. 100% free, easy to use, no login required. Come
                                              and
                                              see how it is to sing your favorite songs with any voice? Cover Song Now TopMediai AI Video Generator Our AI Video Generator turns text or images into high-quality videos with top models like Sora 2, Veo 3, and Vidu. Enhance your creations with powerful AI video effects for stunning results. Create Video Now TopMediai AI Short Video Maker Make short videos in one click! AI writes the script, creates scenes, adds generative media, voiceovers, subtitles, and gives you a complete video. Ready-to-use and easy-to-make. Make Short Video TopMediai Text to Speech Convert written text into lifelike speech with over 3200+
                                              voices in 190+ languages and accents. It is perfect for videos,
                                              presentations, audiobooks, and any project that needs natural-sounding
                                              narration. Convert Text to Speech TopMediai Voice Cloning Clone any voice with stunning accuracy—tone, emotion, and
                                              speech patterns included. We make it easy to create personalized voiceovers,
                                              audio messages, or character voices in minutes. Clone Voice Now Why Choose TopMediai as Your All-in-One Content Creation Platform? All-in-One AI Creative Hub Access everything you need to create videos, voiceovers, music, and more—on
                          one seamless
                          platform. Instant, Studio-Quality Results Generate professional-grade content in seconds, no studio or editing
                          experience required. Next-Level AI Technology Powered by cutting-edge AI to deliver smarter, more realistic, and highly
                          customizable outputs. Beginner-Friendly: No Learning Curve Designed with simplicity in mind—just select, click, and create with zero
                          learning curve. Trusted by Thousands Worldwide Join a global community of creators who rely on TopMediai for fast,
                          reliable, and high-quality content. Affordable Pricing, Maximum Value Powered by cutting-edge AI to deliver smarter, more realistic, and highly
                          customizable outputs. 1M+ Users 180+ Countries 1M+ Subscribers 10M+ AI Creations See What Our Users Say About TopMediai YouTuber “As a content creator, I’ve tried a lot of AI tools, but
                              TopMediai is
                              the first one that
                              genuinely saves me time without compromising quality. The voiceovers and music
                              generation are seriously impressive—it’s become my go-to for video production.” Olivia Parker Indie Game Developer “I’ve used other AI music generators before, but nothing came
                              close
                              to the natural flow and variety TopMediai offers. I’ve started using it as
                              background
                              music for my indie game and it fits perfectly.” Ryan Carter Audiobook Narrator “The Voice Cloning feature on TopMediai is both powerful and
                              impressively accurate. My cloned voice retained tone, emotion, and clarity—and the
                              process was fast and smooth from start to finish. Compared to other platforms I’ve
                              used,
                              the sound quality here is clearly superior.” Nathan Scott Educational Channel Owner “Customer support is top-notch. I had a small issue and it got
                              resolved quickly—really rare to find that level of service with AI platforms these
                              days.” Lucas Bennett Short Video Creator “TopMediai is such a fantastic website. The interface is clean,
                              super
                              easy to use, and everything generates so fast. I used it for a few TikTok skits and
                              saw
                              a noticeable boost in engagement.” Adam Brooks TikTok Creator “TopMediai’s AI Song Cover tool blew me away with its vocal
                              clarity
                              and super high similarity. It’s easy to use, with a guided flow that makes cover
                              creation smooth even for first-timers. The quality is so convincing that people
                              thought
                              I collaborated with the original artist!” Casey Lane Digital Marketing Consultant “TopMediai’s AI voice quality is near studio level, and the multi-language support
                              makes it perfect for global marketing campaigns. What really surprised me is the
                              voice
                              variety and clarity. I found the perfect tone the fits my needs. Moreover, it
                              updates
                              regularly and even hear our suggestions for new voices!.” Jordan Blake Podcast Producer “TopMediai’s Text to Speech is incredibly easy to use, even for beginners. The
                              interface
                              is clean and intuitive, and the voice quality is impressively natural. Whether for
                              podcasts or e-learning, it delivers professional results in just minutes.” Tyler Rhodes See all reviews See How Creators & Influencers Use TopMediai to Create Efficiently Transform Pictures into Videos with AI | TopMediai Tutorial New Viral Music Generator!? | TopMediai AI Music Review + 80% OFF + 2 FREE Accounts! Best Elevenlabs Alternative AI Voice Generator | TopMediAi Text to Speech TopMediai: Create Stunning Image-to-Video Content in Seconds TopMediai AI Music Generator – Make Songs, Covers & Music Videos with AI! This AI Clones Any Voice, and It Sounds Too Real | TopMediai Voice Generator Review More Helpful Solutions on TopMediai to SaveYour Time! Voice Enhancer Clean up and polish your audio in seconds. TopMediai’s
                                      voice
                                      enhancer
                                      automatically removes background noise and enhances vocal clarity for
                                      professional-grade
                                      sound. Try It Now AI Voice Changer Easily transform your voice into different tones,
                                      genders, or
                                      characters. Whether for gaming, content creation, or just for fun, TopMediai
                                      voice
                                      changer makes voice modulation easy and realistic. Try It Now Lip Sync Video Maker Create realistic lip-sync videos from any audio clip
                                      using
                                      advanced
                                      AI. Perfect for music videos, dubbing, or engaging social content—no manual
                                      editing
                                      needed. Try It Now Speech to Speech Convert one voice into another in real-time while keeping
                                      the
                                      original emotion and tone. Great for voiceovers, dubbing, or personalizing
                                      audio
                                      content. Try It Now Text to Video Turn simple text into engaging videos with visuals—all
                                      generated by
                                      AI. Ideal for marketing, tutorials, and social media storytelling. Try It Now AI Video Translator Translate your videos into multiple languages with
                                      natural-sounding
                                      voiceovers. Break language barriers while keeping the speaker’s tone and lip
                                      sync
                                      aligned. Try It Now AI Art Generator Transform your ideas into stunning visuals with just a
                                      few
                                      words. We
                                      support multiple styles, perfect for thumbnails, social posts, and creative
                                      projects. Try It Now Explore All Tools Power Your Platform with TopMediai’s API AI Music Generator API Text to Speech API AI Song Cover API Voice Cloning API Voice Changer API Integrate our AI music API to generate high-quality music effortlessly.
                              Perfect for
                              video creation, games, and commercials. Learn More Visit API Documentation import requests
url = "https://api.topmediai.com/v1/music"
payload = {
"lyrics": "",
"title": "",
"instrumental": 0
}
headers = {
"x-api-key": "your_api_key",
"Content-Type": "application/json"
}
response = requests.request("POST", url, json=payload, headers=headers)
print(response.text) Power your applications with instant, natural-sounding speech using our
                              simple and efficient Text-to-Speech API. Learn More Visit API Documentation import requests
url = "https://api.topmediai.com/v1/text2speech"
payload = {
"text": "Welcome to our API",
"speaker": "00151554-3826-11ee-a861-00163e2ac61b",
"emotion": "Neutral"
}
headers = {
"x-api-key": "your_api_key",
"Content-Type": "application/json"
}
response = requests.request("POST", url, json=payload, headers=headers)
print(response.text) Serve your customers and perfect your projects with the fastest
                              generative AI Song Cover API, which is friendly for businesses, developers, or
                              hobbyists. Learn More Visit API Documentation import requests
url = "https://api.topmediai.com/v1/cover"
payload = "-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"youtube_url\"\r\n\r\n\r\n-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"tran\"\r\n\r\n0\r\n-----011000010111000001101001--\r\n\r\n"
headers = {
"x-api-key": "your_api_key",
"Content-Type": "multipart/form-data"
}
response = requests.request("POST", url, data=payload, headers=headers)
print(response.text) Replicate any voice with precision using our AI Voice Cloning API,
                              enabling personalized voice interactions and content creation. Learn More Visit API Documentation import requests
url = "https://api.topmediai.com/v1/clone"
payload = "-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"name\"\r\n\r\n \r\n-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"files\"\r\n\r\n[\n  null\n]\r\n-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"description\"\r\n\r\n \r\n-----011000010111000001101001--\r\n\r\n"
headers = {
"x-api-key": "your_api_key",
"Content-Type": "multipart/form-data"
}
response = requests.request("POST", url, data=payload, headers=headers)
print(response.text) Transform voices in real time with our Voice Changer API — perfect for
                              gaming, streaming, and creative apps. Learn More Visit API Documentation import requests
url = "https://api.topmediai.com/v1/voice_change"
payload = "-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"voice_id\"\r\n\r\n123\r\n-----011000010111000001101001\r\nContent-Disposition: form-data; name=\"mode\"\r\n\r\n123\r\n-----011000010111000001101001--\r\n\r\n"
headers = {
"x-api-key": "your_api_key",
"Content-Type": "multipart/form-data"
}
response = requests.request("POST", url, data=payload, headers=headers)
print(response.text) All-in-One AI Platform for Video, Voiceover & Music Creation. Get started, it's free! View Our Plans and Pricing 30 Days Money Back Guarantee Free Technical Support 100% Secure Regular Updates Latest & Popular Contents on TopMediai: Text to Song Generators – Convert Your Words into Music Online Free Read More >> Phonk Maker Free – Create Dark & Chill Phonk Beats Instantly Read More >> Best Humming Song Finders Online: Identify Any Tune in Seconds Read More >> Listen to Books Anytime: A Guide to AI Book Readers and Apps Read More >> Text to Speech Voice Related AI Song & Music Related AI Video Related AI Voice Generator Character: Make Realistic Voices for your Characters Make America Great Again: Try Donald Trump AI Voice How to Narrate Your Own Videos with David Attenborough's Voice? Girl Voice Generator: Create Sexy AI Voice For Free Best AI Anime Voice Generator to Make Anime Character Voice Generate your custom DJ voice with DJ voice generator Craft Pro Voiceover for Videos with Morgan Freeman Text to Speech How to Make Your Text to Sing? Try Text to Singing Voice Generator Hey bro, Here is the Best AI Rapper Voice Generator Free! Mishka Mushka, Mickey Mouse Voice Generator Inside! How to Turn My Words into a Song | Text to Song Generator Greatest Phonk Music Maker to Create Phonk Music DJ Music Generator: Creating the Most Popular DJ Music Customize Your HBD Song with AI Birthday Song Generator Easy-to-Use AI Lofi Music Generator For Lofi Music AI Sheet Music Generator: Download Sheet Music TOP AI Melody Generator - Choose The Best One Suits You AI Country Music Generator: Creating Country Music Hits Let's Rock N Roll with AI Metal Music Generator MIDI Music Maker: Facilitating Your Music Creation Top 3 Free AI Kissing Video Tools to Make Kissing Videos AI Celebrity Video Generators to Make Realistic Celebrity Clips The 14 Best AI Video Generators in 2025 You Can't Miss! AI YouTube Script Writing Generator - Fast Script Creation Free AI Video Generator Without Watermark Recommended 2025 Top Free and Paid Kling AI Alternative Tools Compared Best AI Minecraft Video Generator for Minecraft Parkour Videos Create AI Belly Inflation Easily with AI Inflation Generators Top 5 AI Video Extenders to Seamlessly Extend Your Videos Turn Image into Video Using AI and Elevate Your Content Frequently Asked Questions about TopMediai: 1. What is TopMediai about and What Services does it Provide? TopMediai is a platform focused on AI voiceover tools, such as text-to-speech and voice
                          cloning, as well as AI music-related products, including AI music generator. 2. Is TopMediai Free? Yes, our tools like text-to-speech, voice cloning, AI music generator and AI song cover,
                          all have free trial versions available. Besides, we provide a free toolbox with various
                          online tools for users to try out. 3. Does TopMediai provide an API? Yes, for now, TopMediai provides several API services, including Text to
                              Speech API , Voice Cloning API , AI Music
                              Generator API , AI Song
                              Cover Generator API , and Voice
                              Changer API . More APIs are being planned, so stay tuned. 4. How Can I Use AI Voice Generator on TopMediai? Using the AI voice generator on TopMediai is quite simple: Method 1: Go to the dashboard of TopMediai text to speech, select an
                          AI voice, input text and then click 'Audition'. Method 2: Go to the dashboard of TopMediai voice cloning, choose the
                          way of cloning, upload audio or enter the parameters, finally start cloning. 5. What is the Best AI Voice Generator? TopMediai text to speech is one of the best AI voice generators, offering a wide range of
                          realistic voices for text-to-speech and voice cloning. It supports multiple languages
                          and editting features, making it ideal for content creators, video producers, and anyone
                          needing high-quality voiceovers. 6. What Languages does Your Text to Speech Tool Support? TopMediai text to speech now supports over 190 languages and accents, including English,
                          Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Dutch, Russian, Vietnamese, Swedish,
                          Finnish, Arabic, Estonian, Filipino, Greek, Korean, Lao, Hindi, Croatian, Cantonese,
                          Danish, Japanese, Indonesian, Irish, Polish, Romanian and so on. 7. How does text to speech work? Text-to-speech (TTS) technology works by analyzing written text, converting it into
                          phonetic representations, and synthesizing speech output with appropriate prosody and
                          intonation. The system interprets linguistic elements such as grammar and syntax to
                          ensure accurate speech synthesis. Depending on the context and punctuation, TTS
                          determines factors like emphasis, pitch, rhythm, and pause placement to enhance the
                          naturalness of the spoken content. Finally, the synthesized speech is outputted through
                          audio devices, allowing users to listen to the spoken text. 8. What Kind of Industries or Use Cases Can Benefit from TopMediai Text to
                          Speech? TopMediai is versatile and benefits a wide range of industries and use cases, including
                          content creation, e-learning, entertainment, media and marketing and others. 9. Is the Generated Speech Output High-quality and Natural-sounding? Yes, the speech output generated by TopMediai is high-quality and natural-sounding. It
                          uses advanced AI technology to create realistic voices with accurate intonation, pacing,
                          and expression. 10. What is an AI Music Generator? An AI Music Generator is a tool that uses artificial intelligence to create music based
                          on user inputs, such as lyrics, descriptions, or even specific preferences like mood,
                          genre, and instruments. It helps creators generate professional-quality music quickly
                          and easily. 11. Which is the Best AI Song Generator? TopMediai AI Music Generator is one of the best AI song generators available. It offers
                          intuitive AI music generation tool to create custom music in various styles and genres,
                          be it Lyrics to Music or Description to Melody. Join Our Social Community for Updates & Activities! Elevate your content faster and easier with TopMediai's AI-powered online tools. Save your
                      time and efforts today. EN Follow Us GET IT ON GooglePlay Download on the App Store Your All-in-One Platform for AI Content Creation. Products AI Video Generator AI Music Generator Text to Speech AI Song Cover AI Voice Cloning AI Dubbing API (For Developers) Video Tools Image to Video AI Text to Video AI Video to Video AI Video Extender AI Short Video Maker AI Video Effects Video Models Sora 2 Veo 3 Vidu Pixverse Kling Wan 2.5 Runway Music Tools AI Music AI Cover Singing Photo Maker Audio to MIDI Stem Splitter Voice Changer Voice Tools AI Voice Voice Cloning Voice Library Speech to Speech AI Video Translator AI Lip Sync Voiceover Studio Company About us Contact Us FAQs DMCA Blogs Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Refund Policy Become Our Partner Follow us Follow us Copyright ©  2025  TopMediai. All rights reserved. 1. Community benefits 2. Discounted price Shortcut on your desktop. Click here to install Welcome to TopMediai! Join TopMediai Now to Unlock Exclusive Benefits Try new features before anyone else! Daily check-ins to earn more gold coins Exclusive member-only discounts and offers Enjoy complimentary starter credits on sign-up Access the newest models and voices first Trusted by 1.5 Million users from 180+ countries Create ID Please enter an email address. Please enter a password. Create Account Back to login An account will be automatically created if not registered. By clicking "Create
                            Account," you agree to TopMediai's License
                                Policy and Privacy
                                Policy . Verification We just emailed you a six-digit code to . Enter the code below to confirm your email address. The verification code is wrong, please re-enter Continue Resend verification code Back Welcome to TopMediai! Join TopMediai Now to Unlock Exclusive Benefits Try new features before anyone else! Daily check-ins to earn more gold coins Exclusive member-only discounts and offers Enjoy complimentary starter credits on sign-up Access the newest models and voices first Trusted by 1.5 Million users from 180+ countries Login OR Please enter an email address. Please enter a password. Forget your password? Login Don't have a TopMediai ID? Create account 123 Welcome to TopMediai! Join TopMediai Now to Unlock Exclusive Benefits Try new features before anyone else! Daily check-ins to earn more gold coins Exclusive member-only discounts and offers Enjoy complimentary starter credits on sign-up Access the newest voices and models first Trusted by 1.5 Million users from 180+ countries Reset Password Please enter an email address. Get Please enter a verification code. Please enter a password. Submit Back to login An account will be automatically created if not registered. By clicking "Create
                            Account," you agree to TopMediai's License
                                Policy and Privacy
                                Policy . 抱歉，由于政策原因，TopMediai在当前地区无法访问。
            如需帮助，请联系support@topmediai.com。感谢您的理解和支持！