Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Solutions | Toppan Merrill Skip to main content Advancing business. Expanding possible. Menu Menu Solutions Capital Markets IPO Filing Services Mergers and Acquisitions Solutions SPAC/de-SPAC Transactions Corporate Compliance Annual Meeting & Proxy Solutions SEC Reporting and Filing Software Ownership Reporting ESG Reporting and Compliance Solutions Management Information Circular ESEF Reporting Canadian Regulatory Compliance: SEDAR+ Filing SOX Compliance Financial Services Regulatory Disclosure and Marketing Communications Investment Company Compliance Services Regulated Communications and Marketing Fulfillment Solutions Health Plans Member Communications Member Communications View all solutions Platforms Powerful and flexible, Quinn radically simplifies the process of creating complex documents by eliminating arduous, low-value formatting tasks, endless review cycle management, and painstaking comment reconciliation, so you can focus on perfecting the content. Meet Quinn Bridge: EDGAR & iXBRL Filing Software Built on the Microsoft 365 ® platform, Bridge provides a single source for your EDGAR and iXBRL submissions. SEC Connect Easily manage a variety of form types in one web-based platform, including Section 16 (Forms 3, 4, and 5), Schedule 13D and 13G, Form 13F, Form D, Form 144 and more. SOX Automation Intuitive SaaS technology that maintains all business locations, processes, risks and controls in a single platform, providing full visibility to your overall SOX program. Control Center An intuitive platform for managing the entire program and document lifecycle from data to distribution using real-time dashboards and digital tools. Content Control A powerful content management platform that transforms complex information into seamless communications. Storefront The self-service omnichannel ordering platform for personalized and static content that brings efficiency to campaign program management for sales and marketing teams. Explore our platforms Resources 2026 – 2030 SEC Filing Deadline Calendar Important deadlines and dates to know. SEC Resources Current SEC disclosure rules and regulations. SEC EDGAR Resources Comprehensive set of requirements, forms and guidelines, including EDGAR Next. XBRL Resources Current interactive data disclosure rules. About Toppan Merrill Innovating with purpose. Careers Explore a rewarding career with Toppan Merrill. Product and Engineering Careers Purpose-built platforms. People-first posture. Client-centric innovation. On The Dot Updated: December 18, 2025 Podcast: ETF issuer interest remains high [14:04] On The Dot (Episode 12): The ETF share class structure represents a significant modernization in the asset management industry. Investors are drawn to ETFs for their relatively low cost, intraday tradability, transparency, tax efficiency, and exposure to specific markets or strategies. Events Blog open Search Enter keywords to search for submit open Login menu Quinn Bridge Content Control My Workspace Document Delivery Insurance Solutions SEC Connect SOX Automation Contact Simplifying the complexity of regulatory disclosure and compliant communications. Talk to an Expert to Find Your Solution Introducing The new industry standard in complex document creation. Meet Quinn More than 50 years guiding industry leaders Capital Markets Transactions Corporate Compliance Solutions Financial Services Regulatory Disclosure and Marketing Communications Health Plans Member Communications IPOs, Mergers & Acquisitions and SPAC/de-SPAC Transactions Reduce friction from first draft to final distribution with unrivaled capital markets solutions. See Capital Markets Solutions EDGAR Filings, iXBRL Disclosure, Proxy Statements, SOX Compliance and ESG Reporting Next-level technology, compliance solutions and experts that streamline financial reporting with regulatory disclosure content management, filing submissions and shareholder communications. See Corporate Compliance Solutions Prospectus Services, Shareholder Reporting, Proxy Disclosure, Regulated Communications and Fulfillment Financial services solutions to navigate the complexities and pace of SEC regulatory changes impacting required disclosures, EDGAR filings and compliant communications. See Financial Services Solutions ANOC and EOC Documents, Letter Communications, Member ID Cards, Marketing Materials and more Optimize the creation and distribution of health plan member communications. See Health Plans Member Communications Solutions Best-in-class technology platforms simplify business at every step Introducing Quinn, the next-gen SaaS content creation platform. Powerful and flexible, Quinn radically simplifies the process of creating complex documents by eliminating arduous, low-value formatting tasks, endless review cycle management, and painstaking comment reconciliation, so you can focus on the content. Quinn by Toppan Merrill. Work smart. Learn More Bridge Streamline the entire disclosure preparation and filing process, unlocking full control, collaboration and confidence Automatically generate compliant EDGAR and iXBRL submissions Integrates intuitively and seamlessly with Microsoft ® Office ® Learn More SEC Connect Seamlessly prepare Forms 3, 4 and 5, Form D, Form 144, Schedule 13D and 13G, and more Generate a new filing or copy an existing one anytime, anywhere Platform onboarding and training, coupled with 24/7 technical support Learn More SOX Automation Progress visibility to all aspects of your SOX program Real-time, 360° reporting and analysis Robust reporting features to meet key stakeholder requirements Learn More Control Center Manage program content for investor, shareholder and member communications Intuitive ordering platform with enhanced analytics Fully supports compliance requirements Learn More Content Control Create and manage regulatory disclosure content Manage shared and variable content across documents Automatically generate compliant EDGAR and iXBRL submissions Generate stylized output to meet brand requirements Learn More Storefront End-to-end, intuitive ordering platform Create investor, shareholder and member communications Input from multiple sources for both static and variable content Integrated workflow management for omni-channel distribution Learn More Updates and Insights Toppan Merrill announces new Quinn platform to broad market acceptance Consultative technology leader backed by 55+ years of industry and service expertise NEW YORK and ST. PAUL, Dec. 22, 2025… Toppan Merrill December 22, 2025 Capital Markets News Release From chaos to control: How Quinn is changing IPO drafting forever Quinn transforms IPO drafting with speed, accuracy, and control. Features like Smart Format and Smart Sync streamline workflows and reduce… Mark Houghton – SVP, Solution Sales December 11, 2025 Capital Markets ESG, 10-K and Proxy report design: Solving consistency and content challenges Consistency across all legal and financial reporting is not only a “nice to have,” but a “must have,” in this… Mike Spelman – Director, Proxy Solutions Karen Fisher – Proxy Advisory Services December 5, 2025 Corporate Compliance Contact our team to get started. Whether you are in the exploratory phases or ready to move, we are ready to learn about your needs and find the right solution. Phone Americas: 800.688.4400 Canada: 844.200.2448 EMEA: +44 20.7422.6100 Email [email protected] Advancing business. Expanding possible. Follow us on LinkedIn Contact Solutions Platforms Blog Glossary Events About Toppan Merrill Careers at Toppan Merrill Product and Engineering Careers Suppliers Services Agreement Privacy Notice Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Cookies © Toppan Merrill 2026 Chat with us , powered by LiveChat