Managed Email Security Service Provider - Topsec Cloud Solutions Skip to content sales@topsec.com +353 1 4263300 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Book A Demo Topsec Services Managed Email Security Managed Phishing Awareness Training Managed DMARC Protection DMARC Free Trial Inbox Protect Inbox Protect Free Trial Office 365 Email Security Attachment Sandboxing Breach Detect URL Scanner Managed DNS Services VIP Impersonation Protection FileXchange Email Archiving Solutions Email Continuity Resources Topsec Media Coverage Topsec Blogs Topsec Datasheets Topsec Case Studies Topsec Webinars Solutions Email Security for Healthcare Email Security for Education Email Security for Finance Email Security for Retail Email Security for Construction Email Security for Supply Chain Email Security for Government Email Security for Engineering Email Security for Private Sector About About Us Why Topsec Cloud Solutions Meet the Team Topsec Events Topsec Sponsorship Partners Contact Portal Login Menu Topsec Services Managed Email Security Managed Phishing Awareness Training Managed DMARC Protection DMARC Free Trial Inbox Protect Inbox Protect Free Trial Office 365 Email Security Attachment Sandboxing Breach Detect URL Scanner Managed DNS Services VIP Impersonation Protection FileXchange Email Archiving Solutions Email Continuity Resources Topsec Media Coverage Topsec Blogs Topsec Datasheets Topsec Case Studies Topsec Webinars Solutions Email Security for Healthcare Email Security for Education Email Security for Finance Email Security for Retail Email Security for Construction Email Security for Supply Chain Email Security for Government Email Security for Engineering Email Security for Private Sector About About Us Why Topsec Cloud Solutions Meet the Team Topsec Events Topsec Sponsorship Partners Contact Portal Login Get Quote Topsec Services Managed Email Security Managed Phishing Awareness Training Managed DMARC Protection DMARC Free Trial Inbox Protect Inbox Protect Free Trial Office 365 Email Security Attachment Sandboxing Breach Detect URL Scanner Managed DNS Services VIP Impersonation Protection FileXchange Email Archiving Solutions Email Continuity Resources Topsec Media Coverage Topsec Blogs Topsec Datasheets Topsec Case Studies Topsec Webinars Solutions Email Security for Healthcare Email Security for Education Email Security for Finance Email Security for Retail Email Security for Construction Email Security for Supply Chain Email Security for Government Email Security for Engineering Email Security for Private Sector About About Us Why Topsec Cloud Solutions Meet the Team Topsec Events Topsec Sponsorship Partners Contact Portal Login Menu Topsec Services Managed Email Security Managed Phishing Awareness Training Managed DMARC Protection DMARC Free Trial Inbox Protect Inbox Protect Free Trial Office 365 Email Security Attachment Sandboxing Breach Detect URL Scanner Managed DNS Services VIP Impersonation Protection FileXchange Email Archiving Solutions Email Continuity Resources Topsec Media Coverage Topsec Blogs Topsec Datasheets Topsec Case Studies Topsec Webinars Solutions Email Security for Healthcare Email Security for Education Email Security for Finance Email Security for Retail Email Security for Construction Email Security for Supply Chain Email Security for Government Email Security for Engineering Email Security for Private Sector About About Us Why Topsec Cloud Solutions Meet the Team Topsec Events Topsec Sponsorship Partners Contact Portal Login sales@topsec.com +353 1 4263300 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Book A Demo Get Quote Topsec Managed DMARC Protection Having your DMARC policy set to 'Reject' protects your domain from being spoofed by malicious actors. Topsec helps you on your DMARC journey and gets you to 'Reject' within 3 months. Download Datasheet Learn More Topsec Managed Phishing Awareness Training Run safe, real-time phishing attacks on your employees through our phishing simulator. We offer customisable templates and detailed reporting to test employee phishing awareness. Download Datasheet Learn More Topsec Inbox Protect Our research proves M365 alone is not enough to protect your inbox and organisation from bad actors. Inbox Protect adds a second layer of security to safeguard your internal mail. Download Datasheet Learn More Topsec Managed Email Security Outsource your worry and get the conceirge level of treatment, support your organisation deserves. Topsec support addresses queries within a 15 minute SLA Download Datasheet Learn More Topsec Attachment Sandboxing We provide a layer of defense by analyzing email attachments in a secure environment. Preventing malicious content from infiltrating your systems and ensuring a robust first line of defense. Download Datasheet Learn More Topsec BreachDetect We continuously find, analyse, and monitor compromised work credentials on the Dark web. Your employees using their work credentials for non-work related activities can create a big gap in your organisation's security effort. Download Datasheet Learn More CERTIFICATIONS & ACCREDITATIONS 20k+ Customers 50M+ Malicious emails blocked per month 2M+ Email boxes protected MEDIA COVERAGE Previous Next WHY CHOOSE TOPSEC MANAGED EMAIL SOLUTIONS? Managed Concierge Service Topsec Cloud Solutions are the only managed email service provider. We provide an end-to-end concierge service for all your email business needs. AI & Machine Learning Driven AI and M achine L earning models scan and analyze several million emails daily for the ultimate threat protection. Behavioural Analysis Topsec Cloud Solutions uses over 10,000 algorithms to analyze and extract more than 130 variables in emails for complete protection. 24×7 Access To Experts Our technical professionals are available to all our clients and customers 24 hours, seven days a week. We offer assistance with all our services. 15 Minute SLA Our service level agreement (SLA) is less than 15 minutes, and our technical s upport is market-leading with 89% resolution on first contact. Zero Day Protection We offer zero-day protection through behavioural analysis as part of our email security suite. Are you ready to secure your email ecosystem? Get a Quote Explore our Products TESTIMONIALS What clients say about us We had considered a number of options when looking for a Phishing Training product, but Topsec Cloud Solutions appeared to be the only ones providing a fully managed service , effectively where they do all the work for you. With this service it allows Bishopstown Credit Union to continually train and educated our staff on the dangers of malicious emails and what to look out for when it comes to opening emails and the instructions that often are contained within. We’ve had this service in place for the past few years , the improvement in email awareness and security in general has been noticeable. The managed aspect means we don’t have to worry about scheduling campaigns , running reports, or spending time gathering analysis, Topsec do it all for us. Danny O’Donoghue Head of IT - Bishopstown Credit Union “The Phishing Training was particularly good. We had one campaign, and we had an extremely poor result. I think 50% of our people, opened and looked at a phishing email. We were very, shocked because it wasn’t particularly an important one. But it was a good one. It gives us an idea of how, they’re coping with unsolicited emails and phishing. Nick Smith Senior Technician & Systems Manager, Waterman Moylan Before we had IronPort in place, and the main reason to let them go was that it was not cost-effective, and it was not providing as much flexibility and management to the spam solution. So, that was the main reason we switched over.” Andrey Jagotintsev ICT Manager- St. Michael's Hospital We really loved the products that Topsec provided to us. If I were to pull out a product that we are particularly happy with would-be Phishing campaigns, where it creates awareness among our staff for security issues, promotes awareness, and then Topsec follow that up with training. That’s one of the standout things that Topsec offers. Tommy Culleton Scandi Standard- IT Security & Compliance The culture of response has always been good. We can guarantee that we are going to get a response, sometimes within minutes, which is, which is impressive. If we have a technical issue that we need to discuss with somebody, we always have those levels of support from first-level technicians. If you’re looking for what differentiates Topsec from its competitors that would be the primary differentiation. Colm Carberry IT Manager, FR Kelly Previous Next We had considered a number of options when looking for a Phishing Training product, but Topsec Cloud Solutions appeared to be the only ones providing a fully managed service , effectively where they do all the work for you. With this service it allows Bishopstown Credit Union to continually train and educated our staff on the dangers of malicious emails and what to look out for when it comes to opening emails and the instructions that often are contained within. We’ve had this service in place for the past few years , the improvement in email awareness and security in general has been noticeable. The managed aspect means we don’t have to worry about scheduling campaigns , running reports, or spending time gathering analysis, Topsec do it all for us. Danny O’Donoghue Head of IT - Bishopstown Credit Union “The Phishing Training was particularly good. We had one campaign, and we had an extremely poor result. I think 50% of our people, opened and looked at a phishing email. We were very, shocked because it wasn’t particularly an important one. But it was a good one. It gives us an idea of how, they’re coping with unsolicited emails and phishing. Nick Smith Senior Technician & Systems Manager, Waterman Moylan Before we had IronPort in place, and the main reason to let them go was that it was not cost-effective, and it was not providing as much flexibility and management to the spam solution. So, that was the main reason we switched over.” Andrey Jagotintsev ICT Manager- St Michael’s Hospital We really loved the products that Topsec provided to us. If I were to pull out a product that we are particularly happy with would-be Phishing campaigns, where it creates awareness among our staff for security issues, promotes awareness, and then Topsec follow that up with training. That’s one of the standout things that Topsec offers. Tommy Culleton Scandi Standard- IT Security & Compliance The culture of response has always been good. We can guarantee that we are going to get a response, sometimes within minutes, which is, which is impressive. If we have a technical issue that we need to discuss with somebody, we always have those levels of support from first-level technicians. If you’re looking for what differentiates Topsec from its competitors that would be the primary differentiation. Colm Carberry IT Manager, FR Kelly Previous Next About Us About Topsec Cloud Solutions Why Topsec Career Service All products Resource Centre Case studies Blogs Download Datasheets Office Location Ireland -1F Three Rock Rd, Sandyford, Dublin Contact Support Number +353 (1) 4263300 support@topsec.com Sales +353 (1) 4263300 sales@topsec.com Office Location United Kingdom- 50-56 Castle Hill House 12 Castle Hill, Windsor, SL4 1PD. +44 20 3807 0906 Office Location Canada- 1 University Ave Toronto, ON M5J2P1 +1 (647) 846 4255 Copyright © 2021-22 Topsec. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions |  Privacy Policy |  Standard SLA Facebook Twitter Linkedin The Day the Internet Stood Still Learn more about the AWS and CloudFlare outages. Read Now EN FR-CA DE