Topstep: Get Funded for Futures Trading with a Top-Rated Prop Firm skip to main content Home Chat with Us Log In Get Help Search Search Cancel Log In Search Search Cancel Log In Get Help Our Program How It Works Express Funded Account Live Funded Account Futures Trading 101 Forex to Futures Trade TopstepX™ Free Coaching Resources Help Center TopstepTV™ Blog Trader Success Stories Weekly Levels Join Our Community Contact Support Status Updates Earn Funding Earn Funding Become A Futures trader Topstep Traders develop stronger skills, healthier habits, and have unmatched community support. Earn funding 10,000+ TRADERS CALLED UP TO LIVE 81,177 PAYOUTS TO TRADERS IN 2024 2 DAYS TO EARN A FUNDED ACCOUNT 12+ YEARS FUNDING FUTURES TRADERS 1 Rule. 1 Goal. Become a topstep Trader. The Trading Combine ® is our program that helps traders build better skills, discipline, and habits, as they are evaluated for funding. Pass the Trading Combine and unlock an Express Funded Account in as little as 2 days. A Topstep Funded Trader™ can pay themselves up to 4 times a month. Explore How it works CHOOSE YOUR ACCOUNT Topstep offers two Trading Combine® paths built to meet you where you are in your trading journey. Choose Standard or No Activation Fee, then select the account size that fits your plan. No Activation Fee Standard The Standard path is best for traders who are learning and working on their strategy. The No Activation Fee path is best for traders who are dialed in and can pass in 1-2 attempts. Local currency prices for display purposes only. USD aud cad cop eur gbp jpy mxn usd chf Monthly Price The subscription cost recurs monthly from the sign-up date, until you reach a Funded Account or the account is cancelled. Profit Target The Profit Target is the amount of net profit required. Maximum Position Size Cumulative, across all open trades. Maximum Loss Limit Account Balance High - Maximum Drawdown = Maximum Loss Limit (which is set at the end of each day). One Time Activation Fee Only paid after you pass your Trading Combine. $50k Buying Power $138 /mo AUD $76 /mo AUD $125 /mo CAD $69 /mo CAD $329,817 /mo COP $181,587 /mo COP $77 /mo EUR $42 /mo EUR $68 /mo GBP $37 /mo GBP $14,019 /mo JPY $7,719 /mo JPY $1,636 /mo MXN $901 /mo MXN $89 /mo USD $49 /mo USD $72 /mo CHF $39 /mo CHF $3,000 5 Contracts $2,000 FREE $3,000 5 Contracts $2,000 $129 when you pass Select $100k Buying Power $215 /mo AUD $153 /mo AUD $196 /mo CAD $140 /mo CAD $515,107 /mo COP $366,875 /mo COP $120 /mo EUR $86 /mo EUR $106 /mo GBP $76 /mo GBP $21,895 /mo JPY $15,595 /mo JPY $2,556 /mo MXN $1,820 /mo MXN $139 /mo USD $99 /mo USD $112 /mo CHF $80 /mo CHF $6,000 10 Contracts $3,000 FREE $6,000 10 Contracts $3,000 $129 when you pass Select $150k Buying Power $293 /mo AUD $231 /mo AUD $266 /mo CAD $210 /mo CAD $700,397 /mo COP $552,193 /mo COP $164 /mo EUR $129 /mo EUR $144 /mo GBP $114 /mo GBP $29,761 /mo JPY $23,471 /mo JPY $3,477 /mo MXN $2,740 /mo MXN $189 /mo USD $149 /mo USD $152 /mo CHF $120 /mo CHF $9,000 15 Contracts $4,500 FREE $9,000 15 Contracts $4,500 $129 when you pass Select Resets are the same as your monthly price. PREMIUM FEATURES TopstepX™ is the first Trading Platform of its kind built for the needs of prop firm traders, and immerses them in everything Topstep has to offer. Charts from The Tilt™ Indicator Built-in Trade Copier Livestream Commission-free Trading learn more EXCLUSIVE! TOPSTEP TRADER BENEFITS Instant Payout Deductions Payouts are deducted instantly, so you can trade without delays. Multiple Accounts Earn and take payouts from up to 5 Express Funded Accounts. Simple Payout Policy Just have 5 winning days of +$150 to earn your payout. Fast Payout Processing Expect your earnings quickly. We process payouts daily. Funded Trader Certificate Celebrate by sharing your FTC on your LinkedIn profile. BENEFITS FOR ALL TRADERS Real-Time Trade Updates See your progress update instantly as you trade. Facebook Community Connect with traders and find a friend to keep you accountable. Reset Bank Earn a Reset with each rebill. Use it on any active account. Coach T™ Personalized stats & tips to improve your performance. Discord Chatroom Chat with over 150k Traders including our own coaches. Free Group Coaching Ask your trading questions daily on TopstepTV and in Discord. Kick-Ass Trader Support Call or Chat with our expert Trader Support Team Education Courses Deep dives with our pros into trading strategy and more. TopstepTV™ Learn from expert traders every Sunday–Friday. Flatten Positions Our Trade Desk flattens all trades at the end of each day. OUR GOAL Topstep offers proven education, fast payouts, free group coaching, and top-tier support to help throughout your journey. Earn funding Earn funding TOPSTEP TV ™ Stay connected to the markets with TopstepTV! Our experts stream live trading coverage and insights throughout the week. From the start of the London session to the overnight close, you’ll get real-time market breakdowns, trading strategies, and community highlights. We’re live Sunday through Friday, starting at 1:30 AM CT. Subscribe now for free WHO’S TALKING ABOUT US? We’re proud to say our outstanding achievements for traders, partners, and employees have been recognized by these trusted companies. Become a Topstep Funded Trader™ Here are four things you can do to get started! Visit our “ How It Works ” page for more information on our trading program. SELECT YOUR TRADING ACCOUNT SIZE Trade with our capital, so you don’t risk yours. Get started GET OUR FREE TRADING CHECKLIST Build better habits across your trading day. Get the List JOIN OUR FREE DISCORD COMMUNITY Talk with like minded traders and find an accountability buddy. Connect with us SUBSCRIBE TO TOPSTEPTV ON YOUTUBE Hear our experts talk about the markets and their trades. Subscribe now Ready to become a Funded trader? Get started today Resources TopstepTV Free Coaching Help Center Contact Support Community News Status Updates Economic Calendar Newsletter Blog Program FAQs Express Funded Account Rules Live Funded Account Rules About About Topstep Our Team Current Openings Topstep Gear Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclosures & Notices Manage Cookie Preferences DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Visit us on facebook Visit us on youtube Visit us on instagram Visit us on twitter Visit us on linkedin Visit us on pinterest Visit us on discord Topstep Chicago Board of Trade Building 141 W Jackson Blvd #4240 Chicago, IL 60604 SUPPORT HOURS Chat Support: Available 24/7 Start a Live Support Chat SMS (US only) – (866) 448-1642 WhatsApp – (773) 900-6673 Phone Support: M-F 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM CT 1-888-407-1611 Email Support: [email protected] Media Inquiries: [email protected] Not a Deposit | Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value Topstep Disclaimer: Topstep LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Topstep”) provide information on this website for general informational purposes only. Testimonials appearing on Topstep’s websites may not be representative of other clients or customers and are not a guarantee of future performance or success. Use of the information on Topstep’s websites is at your own risk and Topstep and its partners, representatives, agents, employees, and contractors assume no responsibility or liability for any use or misuse of such information. Topstep does not provide tax, legal, investment, or accounting advice. You should consult your own advisors before engaging in any transaction. Commodity trading involves substantial risk of loss. All investments involve risk, and not all risks are suitable for every investor. The value of investments may fluctuate and as a result, clients may lose more than their original investment. The past performance of a financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. Please carefully consider whether it is appropriate for you to engage in futures trading in light of your personal financial circumstances. You should only use funds that you can afford to lose without affecting your financial security or lifestyle, and only a portion of those funds should be used to support a single trade because you cannot expect to profit on every trade. To learn more about the risks of trading, please visit our Risk Disclosure . NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES INVESTMENT ADVICE, NOR DOES IT CONSTITUTE THE SOLICITATION, ENDORSEMENT, OR RECOMMENDATION OF THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF ANY FUTURES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCT. THE WEBSITE CONTENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS CONSTITUTING AN OFFER, SOLICITATION, ENDORSEMENT, OR RECOMMENDATION TO BUY OR SELL ANY FUTURES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCT AND SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS INVESTMENT ADVICE. Allowed Instruments: Topstep traders are allowed to trade Futures products only, listed on the following exchanges: CME, COMEX, NYMEX & CBOT. Topstep traders are prohibited from trading Stocks, Options, Forex, Spot Cryptocurrency, and CFDs; these products are not available in Topstep’s program or platforms. You should be aware that NFA does not have regulatory oversight authority over underlying or spot virtual currency products or transactions or virtual currency exchanges, custodians or markets. Trader Combine Disclaimer: The Trading Combine is a realistic simulation of trading under actual market conditions and is difficult to pass even for experienced traders. Simulated performance results have certain limitations. Unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Also, because the trades have not actually been executed, the results may have under- or over-compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated trading programs, in general, are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. Simulated trading does not involve financial risk, and no simulated trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those shown. 2024 Trader Performance Statistics: From January through December 2024, (a) 12.4% of all Trading Combines initiated were successfully completed and afforded the opportunity to advance to the Funded Level, (b) 46.6% of individual participants who entered one or more Trading Combines advanced to the Funded Level in at least one of their Trading Combine, (c) 28.3% of all individual participants at the Funded Level received a payout, and (d) 0.96% of individual participants trading in an Express Funded Account were called up to a Live Funded Account. The Funded Level includes both Express Funded Accounts and Live Funded Accounts, with the aggregate of such accounts used in the percentage determination. These statistics reflect performance in both a simulated trading environment and a live trading environment and are not indicative of future results. Prohibited Conduct: To promote responsible trading and mitigate Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in the Terms of Use , such as exploiting the simulated environment, trading activity will be subject to review by our Risk and Compliance Teams. If Topstep identifies trading activity that, in its sole discretion, relates to Prohibited Conduct, Topstep reserves the right to delete the trading day and all profits (in a simulated environment), restart the account, or close the account. Additionally, in its sole discretion, Topstep may suspend or ban the trader from using all or a portion of the Site and Services. When you initiate or execute a transaction on a CME Group Inc. exchange, you consent to the exchange’s jurisdiction and agree to be bound by and comply with exchange rules. Market Data: Market data and similar information are provided by third-party service providers. Topstep does not prepare or edit market data from third parties or endorse or approve such market data or guarantee or make any representations or warranties about its accuracy or reliability. Topstep shall not be liable to any user for any loss or damage arising from or related to the error, inaccuracy, or omission of any market data or similar information. System Risk: Trading through an electronic trading or order routing system exposes you to risks associated with system or component failure. System response and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors. TopstepTV Disclaimer: All opinions expressed by TopstepTV show participants, hosts, guests, and personalities (collectively, “Show Participants”) are solely such individual’s current opinions and do not reflect the opinions of TopstepTV LLC or Topstep LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Topstep”), or the companies with which the Show Participants are affiliated and may have been previously disseminated by their companies or the Show Participants themselves. None of the Show Participants, Topstep or the companies with which the Show Participants are affiliated represent, warrant, or otherwise guarantee its completeness or accuracy, and opinions should not be relied upon as such. If Show Participants are compensated by Topstep, no part of this compensation is related to the specific opinions they express. TopstepTV content does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situation, or financial needs, and the content is not intended as a recommendation appropriate for you. Topstep  encourages you to seek advice from your own investment advisor. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Neither the Show Participants nor Topstep guarantee any specific outcome or profit in any manner. Any strategies or investments discussed on TopstepTV can fluctuate in price or value and may result in loss. Any such strategies or investments may not be suitable for you. You should make your own independent decision regarding any strategies or investments. Topstep Brokerage Disclaimer: Topstep Brokerage LLC (“Topstep Brokerage”), an affiliate of Topstep LLC, is registered with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as an introducing broker and is a member of the National Futures Association (NFA ID 0567079). Please review Topstep Brokerage’s Risk Disclosures Statement . Futures accounts are not protected by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). © 2025 – Topstep LLC. All rights reserved. TopstepTrader, Topstep, Trading Combine, and Funded Account are all trademarks of TopstepTechnologies LLC. Visit us on facebook Visit us on youtube Visit us on instagram Visit us on twitter Visit us on linkedin Visit us on pinterest Visit us on discord Resources TopstepTV Free Coaching Help Center Contact Support Community News Status Updates Economic Calendar Newsletter Blog Program FAQs Express Funded Account Rules Live Funded Account Rules About About Topstep Our Team Current Openings Topstep Gear Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclosures & Notices Manage Cookie Preferences DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Topstep Chicago Board of Trade Building 141 W Jackson Blvd #4240 Chicago, IL 60604 SUPPORT HOURS Chat Support: Available 24/7 Start a Live Support Chat SMS (US only) – (866) 448-1642 WhatsApp – (773) 900-6673 Phone Support: M-F 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM CT 1-888-407-1611 Email Support: [email protected] Media Inquiries: [email protected] Not a Deposit | Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value Topstep Disclaimer: Topstep LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Topstep”) provide information on this website for general informational purposes only. Testimonials appearing on Topstep’s websites may not be representative of other clients or customers and are not a guarantee of future performance or success. Use of the information on Topstep’s websites is at your own risk and Topstep and its partners, representatives, agents, employees, and contractors assume no responsibility or liability for any use or misuse of such information. Topstep does not provide tax, legal, investment, or accounting advice. You should consult your own advisors before engaging in any transaction. Commodity trading involves substantial risk of loss. All investments involve risk, and not all risks are suitable for every investor. The value of investments may fluctuate and as a result, clients may lose more than their original investment. The past performance of a financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. Please carefully consider whether it is appropriate for you to engage in futures trading in light of your personal financial circumstances. You should only use funds that you can afford to lose without affecting your financial security or lifestyle, and only a portion of those funds should be used to support a single trade because you cannot expect to profit on every trade. To learn more about the risks of trading, please visit our Risk Disclosure . NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES INVESTMENT ADVICE, NOR DOES IT CONSTITUTE THE SOLICITATION, ENDORSEMENT, OR RECOMMENDATION OF THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF ANY FUTURES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCT. THE WEBSITE CONTENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS CONSTITUTING AN OFFER, SOLICITATION, ENDORSEMENT, OR RECOMMENDATION TO BUY OR SELL ANY FUTURES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCT AND SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS INVESTMENT ADVICE. Allowed Instruments: Topstep traders are allowed to trade Futures products only, listed on the following exchanges: CME, COMEX, NYMEX & CBOT. Topstep traders are prohibited from trading Stocks, Options, Forex, Spot Cryptocurrency, and CFDs; these products are not available in Topstep’s program or platforms. You should be aware that NFA does not have regulatory oversight authority over underlying or spot virtual currency products or transactions or virtual currency exchanges, custodians or markets. Trader Combine Disclaimer: The Trading Combine is a realistic simulation of trading under actual market conditions and is difficult to pass even for experienced traders. Simulated performance results have certain limitations. Unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Also, because the trades have not actually been executed, the results may have under- or over-compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated trading programs, in general, are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. Simulated trading does not involve financial risk, and no simulated trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those shown. 2024 Trader Performance Statistics: From January through December 2024, (a) 12.4% of all Trading Combines initiated were successfully completed and afforded the opportunity to advance to the Funded Level, (b) 46.6% of individual participants who entered one or more Trading Combines advanced to the Funded Level in at least one of their Trading Combine, (c) 28.3% of all individual participants at the Funded Level received a payout, and (d) 0.96% of individual participants trading in an Express Funded Account were called up to a Live Funded Account. The Funded Level includes both Express Funded Accounts and Live Funded Accounts, with the aggregate of such accounts used in the percentage determination. These statistics reflect performance in both a simulated trading environment and a live trading environment and are not indicative of future results. Prohibited Conduct: To promote responsible trading and mitigate Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in the Terms of Use , such as exploiting the simulated environment, trading activity will be subject to review by our Risk and Compliance Teams. If Topstep identifies trading activity that, in its sole discretion, relates to Prohibited Conduct, Topstep reserves the right to delete the trading day and all profits (in a simulated environment), restart the account, or close the account. Additionally, in its sole discretion, Topstep may suspend or ban the trader from using all or a portion of the Site and Services. When you initiate or execute a transaction on a CME Group Inc. exchange, you consent to the exchange’s jurisdiction and agree to be bound by and comply with exchange rules. Market Data: Market data and similar information are provided by third-party service providers. Topstep does not prepare or edit market data from third parties or endorse or approve such market data or guarantee or make any representations or warranties about its accuracy or reliability. Topstep shall not be liable to any user for any loss or damage arising from or related to the error, inaccuracy, or omission of any market data or similar information. System Risk: Trading through an electronic trading or order routing system exposes you to risks associated with system or component failure. System response and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors. TopstepTV Disclaimer: All opinions expressed by TopstepTV show participants, hosts, guests, and personalities (collectively, “Show Participants”) are solely such individual’s current opinions and do not reflect the opinions of TopstepTV LLC or Topstep LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Topstep”), or the companies with which the Show Participants are affiliated and may have been previously disseminated by their companies or the Show Participants themselves. None of the Show Participants, Topstep or the companies with which the Show Participants are affiliated represent, warrant, or otherwise guarantee its completeness or accuracy, and opinions should not be relied upon as such. If Show Participants are compensated by Topstep, no part of this compensation is related to the specific opinions they express. TopstepTV content does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situation, or financial needs, and the content is not intended as a recommendation appropriate for you. Topstep  encourages you to seek advice from your own investment advisor. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Neither the Show Participants nor Topstep guarantee any specific outcome or profit in any manner. Any strategies or investments discussed on TopstepTV can fluctuate in price or value and may result in loss. Any such strategies or investments may not be suitable for you. You should make your own independent decision regarding any strategies or investments. Topstep Brokerage Disclaimer: Topstep Brokerage LLC (“Topstep Brokerage”), an affiliate of Topstep LLC, is registered with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as an introducing broker and is a member of the National Futures Association (NFA ID 0567079). Please review Topstep Brokerage’s Risk Disclosures Statement . Futures accounts are not protected by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). © 2025 – Topstep LLC. All rights reserved. TopstepTrader, Topstep, Trading Combine, and Funded Account are all trademarks of TopstepTechnologies LLC.