Top Ten Reviews - Product Comparisons to Help You Buy Better Skip to main content Open menu Close main menu Top Ten Reviews Sign up to our newsletter Newsletter Search Search Top Ten Reviews Best Picks Reviews Deals Computers Electronics Home & Garden Phones Money More About Us Health Insurance Internet Music Photo & Video Seasonal Travel Trending Washing machine and dryer deals How to use pruning shears Best snow blowers Dyson Outsize vs Dyson V15 Toro Power Max 824 24 in. Two-Stage Gas Snow Blower review Latest News Best gas lawn mowers: for power, performance, and durability By Caroline Preece last updated 17 February 25 Buying Guide The best gas lawn mowers offer powerful performance and extended range, great for those with larger or more demanding mowing requirements. Buying Guide Best thru wall air conditioners: for efficient cooling By Caroline Preece last updated 14 February 25 Buying Guide The best through-wall air conditioners efficiently cool spaces, minimize noise, enhance air quality, and save space year-round. Buying Guide Best chainsaws: top picks for efficient cutting By Alex Temblador last updated 13 February 25 Buying Guide The best chainsaws are powerful, versatile tools that provide significant benefits for various cutting tasks. Buying Guide Are all dishwashers the same size? What you need to know By Joanne Lewsley published 13 February 25 Everything you need to know about dishwasher sizes, including how to measure your space and maximize your dishwasher capacity. Dishwashers Best water softeners: say goodbye to hard water By Sophie Bird last updated 10 February 25 Buying guide These are the best water softeners, including salt-free and efficient options. Buying guide MORE FROM TOP TEN REVIEWS 1 Whirlpool 24" Stainless Steel AI Dishwasher Review 2 Do dishwashers use a lot of electricity? 3 How to Convert Your Propane Grill to Natural Gas 4 Rear tiller vs front tine: which one has the edge? 5 Do washing machines use a lot of electricity? Gas grills vs. electric grills: which is right for you? By Jonathan Knoder published 7 February 25 Versus Not sure if you should get a gas grill or an electric? We break down pricing, features, and performance to help you choose the right one for you. Versus Gas grills vs. pellet grills: which is right for you? By Jonathan Knoder published 6 February 25 Versus Not sure if you should get a gas grill or a pellet grill? We take a look at pricing, features, and performance to help you choose the right one for you. Versus GE Profile Smart Mixer with Auto Sense review By Paige Cerulli published 3 February 25 Review The GE Profile Smart Mixer with Auto Sense is a powerful, thorough mixer that simplifies baking challenging recipes. Review Best vacuum food sealers: for extended shelf life By Angie Parkinson last updated 3 February 25 Buying Guide The best vacuum food sealers are excellent investments for anyone who wants to improve their food storage practices, reduce waste, and enjoy fresher meals. Buying Guide Can you grill salmon? How to grill fish on the barbecue By Louise Bond last updated 3 February 25 How To If you’re firing up the barbecue this summer, you may be wondering if and how to grill salmon. How To Best cassette to MP3 converters: preserve audio memories By Andy Hartup last updated 3 February 25 Buying Guide The best cassette to MP3 converters effectively preserve audio memories and offer a user-friendly experience for music enthusiasts. Buying Guide Latest Reviews GE Profile Smart Mixer with Auto Sense review By Paige Cerulli published 3 February 25 Review The GE Profile Smart Mixer with Auto Sense is a powerful, thorough mixer that simplifies baking challenging recipes. Review LG LF29S8365S 28.6 Cu. Ft. French Door Refrigerator review By Alexandra Frost published 30 January 25 Review An appliance that lets you customize your refrigerator to your kitchen cabinets. Review Echo eForce DPB-2500 review: a leaf blower for snow removal? By Jonathan Knoder published 17 January 25 Review We tried the Echo eForce cordless blower for snow removal, testing its efficiency against traditional methods in winter weather conditions. Review Dreo ChefMaker Combi Fryer review: for Michelin-starred chef-approved meals By Terri Williams last updated 16 January 25 Review Air frying is just the tip of the iceberg with this award-winning multi-functional cooker. Review LG MVEF1337F 1.3 Cu. Ft. Over-The-Range Microwave review: simplifies cooking with humidity sensing and app connectivity By Alexandra Frost published 24 December 24 Review The LG 1.3 cu. ft. Low Profile Microwave is a spacious, smart option that makes reheating and quick meals easier in the kitchen. Review Shark PowerDetect 2-in-1 Robot Vacuum and Mop with NeverTouch Base: a midrange option to keep your lighter floor cleaning needs hands-off By Danielle Abraham published 7 December 24 Review The Shark PowerDetect 2-in-1 successfully vacuums, mops, and empties at a base station for floor cleaning made easy. Review Asko W4114CW 2.8 Cu.Ft. Front Load Washer review: equipped to handle any washing you need By Jason Cockerham published 1 November 24 Review The ASKO Steel Seal washer is a solid, feature-packed washer that is a great addition to your laundry room. Review Whirlpool WTW4957PW 3.8 Cu. Ft. Top Load Washer review: a competent, reasonably priced appliance By James Holland published 20 October 24 Review The Whirlpool 3.8-3.9 Cu. Ft. Top Load Washer is affordable, competent, and comes with a removable agitator for larger loads. Review Ninja ES601 Luxe Café Premier Series 3-in-1 Espresso Machine review: this is the coffee maker you've been waiting for By Terri Williams published 13 October 24 The luxury design includes a built-in grinder, hands-free frother, and can brew drip coffee, espresso, and cold drinks. Coffee Makers Ultenic U16 Flex Cordless Stick Vacuum review: an inexpensive choice for hard-to-reach areas By Terri Williams published 12 October 24 Review I've reviewed the Ultenic U16 Flex Cordless Stick Vacuum to see how well this economically-priced option performs on hard floors and carpet. Keep reading to see how it fared. Review LG WM4000HBA 4.5 Cu. Ft. Smart Front Load Washer review: makes laundry easy-peasy By Terri Williams published 5 October 24 Review I’ve reviewed the LG Front Load Side-by-Side Washer and Dryer. Here’s how it performed. Review Latest How tos How to repair a washing machine: common problems solved By Louise Oliphant last updated 30 January 25 HOW TO From loud noises to a washer that won’t drain, here’s how to repair a washing machine, according to an expert. HOW TO How often should you wash your bedsheets? By Mina Frost last updated 29 January 25 Advice How often should you wash your bedsheets? The answer is probably more often than you do... Advice How to clean mold out of a washing machine By Tanisha Fletcher last updated 28 January 25 HOW TO Found mold in your washer? Don’t panic! Here’s how to clean mold out of a washing machine. HOW TO How to sanitize a washing machine: get germ-free laundry By Monib Zahdeh last updated 28 January 25 HOW TO Is your washing machine giving off foul odors? Here's how to sanitize a washing machine to remove germs. HOW TO How to clean the drum of a washing machine, with expert tips By Tanisha Fletcher last updated 27 January 25 HOW TO Top tips from a cleaning expert for how to clean the drum of a washing machine when its in need of a spruce. HOW TO How to install a washing machine: from box to laundry By Katie Treharne last updated 27 January 25 How To Working out how to install a washing machine for the first time? We’ve got you covered. How To How to keep your Christmas tree alive for longer this year By Holly Cockburn last updated 12 December 24 HOW TO These simple tips will help to make your Christmas tree last throughout the whole holiday. HOW TO How to clean an artificial Christmas tree By Dan Fauzi last updated 5 December 24 HOW TO Our expert tips will guide you through how to clean an artificial Christmas tree, with wet and dry cleaning for even the most delicate trees. HOW TO How to clean a gas range: stove top cleaning hacks to make it shine By Mina Frost last updated 26 November 24 How to Get your gas stove top sparkling clean with these nifty stove top cleaning hacks. How to How to drain a washing machine: prevent bad smells and future problems By Molly Cleary last updated 19 November 24 HOW TO Learn how to drain a washing machine and prevent bad smells and future problems. HOW TO How to install a dishwasher By Sara Walker last updated 7 November 24 HOW TO A relatively straightforward process with the right tools and instructions. HOW TO Top Ten Reviews is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . Add as a preferred source on Google Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility Statement Archives Advertise About us Contact us Careers ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.