Client login
Main Navigation
Solutions
Partners
Trends
Events
About
Search
Schedule a demo
Simplifying the Business
of Higher Education 

TouchNet is the leading provider of integrated, comprehensive and secure commerce and credentials solutions for colleges and universities.

From secure, integrated payment and ID management solutions to actionable real-time data, TouchNet provides the tools and insights you need to help your institution run smoother and work smarter.
Student Finance

Our comprehensive portal simplifies payments acceptance for tuition, events, sponsor accounts, and more.

LEARN MORE

Campus Commerce

Provide a convenient, secure, consistent transaction experience— anywhere, anytime, any way.

LEARN MORE

Campus ID

Get the ID management solution that revolutionizes campuswide access and student interaction at every touchpoint.

LEARN MORE

Merchant Services

Keep your payment processing running smoothly with our cohesive, compliant, cost-effective service.

LEARN MORE

Simplify the complex
Our U.Commerce platform approach enables greater operational efficiencies and self-service access to real-time information for students and staff. We tie every transaction and access point together, simplifying the business of higher education.
Grounded in these three pillars, our technology works simply and seamlessly behind the scenes so you can provide the best experience campuswide.


Experience
Connections
Trust
PCI Explained

Read the eBook to gain PCI compliance know-how.

LEARN MORE

Stay Informed with Our Blog

Get the latest tips and trends related to the business of higher education.

READ OUR BLOG

Our Partners

TouchNet is a longtime partner of major student and financial systems with higher education expertise

Many vendors will say they integrate with your ERP no matter the flavor, only to find out that what they mean is you’ll have to key in all of the transactions manually. With Colleague and TouchNet, you can believe the hype that they are truly integrated.

Patrick Larin, Lakehead University

We are able to partner with programs and departments across campuses to help them solve real challenging e-commerce issues, keep good programs running at an affordable cost, and process the payments they need.

Lisa Fetrow, University of Missouri

[OneCard] ID verification allows us to confirm online that visitors are who they say they are.

Jennifer McNeill, University of Alberta

Understanding higher education was essential. We were looking for a partner who would make it simple to stay in compliance with the rules and regulations surrounding payment technology that began changing in 2015.

The efficiency that U.Commerce provides for our staff is wonderful, but hearing from students how much easier it is to handle their financial affairs has been the most rewarding.

Ken Bush, Community College of Allegheny County (CCAC)

We moved to wireless solutions around 2007, and we’ve been adding ever since. We were one of the first to do the wireless lock sets. We saw the benefit of that from an infrastructure standpoint and a master key coordination piece. We have 800 connected openings now.

We’re pretty well established with the campus card. The first thing students do is get their card because they cannot do anything else. We’ve taken away a lot of the cash options; places only accept cards.

Doug Vanderpoel, Mount Holyoke College

Ready to get started on your journey?

Contact us

About us

Careers
TouchNet Cares
Blog
Accessibility
Committed to Security

News & Events

News Releases
Events

Contact Us

TouchNet, A Global Payments Company 9801 Renner Blvd., Ste. 150 Lenexa, Kansas 66219

Client Support: 888.621.4451 Local: +1.913.599.6699 Fax: +1.913.599.5588

Connect

 LinkedIn
 YouTube

© 2025 TouchNet Information Systems, Inc. All rights reserved
Privacy Notice   End User Privacy Notice   Cookie Settings
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information