Toys for Tots

FAQ

Find a Local Chapter

REQUEST A TOY
DONATE
Search
Search
Ways to Support
Programs
About
News
Corporate Sponsors
The Mission
Delivering hope to children at Christmastime and beyond!

Since 1947, Toys for Tots has distributed
708 million toys to 314 million children.
Ways to Support

Find a Local Chapter

Connect with a Local Marine Toys for Tots Chapter. Not a chapter in your community? Get one started.

Request a Toy

To request a toy, complete the Toy Application for the Marine Toys for Tots Chapter nearest to you.

Donate Online

Marine Toys for Tots donations bring kids hope and joy in the form of toys, books, and much-needed resources. Help us support disadvantaged children!

Donate a Toy

Find your local Marine Toys for Tots Chapter to get details about donating toys and drop box locations.

Programs

The Marine Toys for Tots programs provide support to disadvantaged children during the holiday season and beyond. Click here to find out more!

Corporate Sponsorship

Learn more about sponsorship and the different ways to get involved.

Toys for Tots Announcements
Richard Childress Racing Announces Multi-Year Partnership with Marine Toys for Tots
Toddler of the Year Supports Marine Toys for Tots this year. Click here to find out more!
Marine Toys for Tots Becomes the Official Charity of Choice for the Family Film Awards
Disaster Response and Recovery

The CW Network’s  “Lifelines of Hope”is a powerful documentary that brings your impact to life. 

Discover powerful stories of human resilience, where hope emerges from adversity and communities unite to create meaningful change. These transformative narratives showcase the extraordinary strength of ordinary people coming together in times of need.  

Hosted by Dean Cain, Laura McKenzie, Elizabeth Stanton, and Montel Williams, this inspiring program highlights how courage, generosity, and unity shine bright –– and how, when you ring the Lifeline of Hope, Toys for Tots is always ready to answer the call. 

Become a Toys for Tots Corporate Sponsor

Each year, The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation relies on the generous donations of Corporate Sponsors to deliver gifts to children in need. See how your company can partner with us to make a difference in the lives of the children we serve.

Learn more about Corporate Sponsorship
Amazon
HESS
Ollie’s Bargain Outlet
bonkers
Build a Bear
Delta
Wunderman Thompson
Five Below
Exploding Kittens
Lego
Hasbro
ATI
Jazwares
Freeway Insurance
New England Doll & Novelty Co. Inc
Ceaco
Tabletop Tycoon
Group Sales
Target
The Walt Disney Company
The Toys for Tots Story

More videos >

Program History
Anyone Can Be Santa
Get Involved

Thank you to our Donors, Sponsors, Coordinators, and Volunteers!

See Our Impact
The Toys for Tots Mobile App

The Official Marine Toys for Tots Mobile App

Apple Store
Google Play Store
Thank You for Your Support

2024 was a record-breaking year for Toys for Tots providing over 30 million toys to nearly 13 million children in need!

Sign up for news

Learn more about the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation and current campaigns.

Sign Up for Our Mailing List
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube

Marine Toys for Tots Foundation
The Cooper Center
18251 Quantico Gateway Drive
Triangle, VA 22172-1776

Contact Us
Ask Gunny Chat
Privacy Policy

© 2025 Marine Toys for Tots Foundation.

All Rights Reserved.

English