Product
Resources
Customers
Pricing
Log in
Sign up
JavaScript error monitoring
Catch bugs before users do

TrackJS automatically detects JavaScript errors with a story about how the error happened, allowing you to fix critical bugs before your users even notice them. Stop relying on customer reports and start resolving issues.

Start free trial
Watch demo
No credit card required.
“With TrackJS, we're empowered to proactively resolve UI errors the moment they occur instead of passively waiting for customers to report issues.”
Cory House
CEO at Bitnative
Loved by developers
Telemetry Timeline
The full story behind every error

Understand exactly what happened before each error with a chronological timeline of network requests, user interactions, console logs, and navigation events. Quickly reproduce and resolve every issue without the performance overhead and cost of session replay tools.

Discoverable Error Filters
Instant error filtering and searching to find issues fast

Zero in on what matters with intuitive filtering tools that require no query language to learn. Quickly identify patterns across users, browsers, and pages with automatically highlighted trends and one-click filtering. Make data-driven decisions about which errors deserve immediate attention without wasting time crafting queries.

Unlimited Ignore Rules
Focus on the errors that really matter to users

Cut through the noise of third-parties and expected errors with powerful server-side ignore rules, unlimited with every plan. Create custom rules based on any error criteria to automatically filter out known issues, third-party glitches, or low-priority warnings. Keep your dashboard focused exclusively on actionable errors that impact your users.

AI Code Debugger
Turn cryptic errors into actionable fixes

Stop wasting hours decoding stack traces. Our AI Debugger analyzes the error telemetry, browser data, and source code to explain exactly what went wrong and how to fix it. Get senior-level debugging insights for every error, including framework-specific quirks and browser edge cases.

Learn more

Installation
Simple integration with your tools

Add TrackJS to your application in minutes, not days. Our lightweight JavaScript error monitoring works seamlessly with all modern frameworks and build tools, requiring minimal configuration to start capturing meaningful error data. Just choose your platform below to get started.

HTML
React
Angular
NodeJS
NextJS
More
index.html
<script
  src="https://cdn.trackjs.com/agent/v3/latest/t.js">
</script>

<script>
  TrackJS.install({ token: "your-account-token" });
</script>

Start your free trial

TrackJS pricing aligns with your success–not your problems. Save thousands of developer hours debugging and grow your business. We've got your back.

Starter
Great for small businesses and sites that need essential error tracking. Annualized price shown.
$
45
/month
Start free trial
View all plans
100K monthly page views
800K+ monthly errors
Unlimited users
10 Days data retention
Frequently asked questions
Why are prices based on traffic instead of errors?
Are there limits on how many errors I can send?
Does TrackJS impact my website performance?
Does TrackJS capture or store sensitive user data?
Does TrackJS work with minified JavaScript code?
Ready to start tracking errors?

Join thousands of developers already using TrackJS to improve their website quality.



Start my free trial
PRODUCT
Pricing
Demo
How it works
WORKS WITH
Web
Node.js
OUR OTHER TOOLS
Request Metrics
RemoteJS
CertKit
RESOURCES
Docs
Blog
JavaScript Answers
JavaScript Error Statistics
Free Debugging Masterclass
COMPARE
TrackJS vs Sentry
TrackJS vs Rollbar
More Comparisons
COMPANY
About Us
Customers
Contact Us
System Status
COMPLIANCE
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
Data Processing Agreement

All content appearing on this website is proprietary, copyrighted, and owned or licensed by TrackJS LLC. Any unauthorized use of trademarks or content from this website is strictly prohibited. All rights reserved.

© 2013-2025 TrackJS LLC.