Free 3D models, CAD files and 2D drawings - TraceParts Home 3D Product Catalog Solutions Digital Advertising Solutions CAD Library News About TraceParts Sign in Register for free English English Deutsch Français Italiano Español Português do Brasil Nederlands 漢語 日本語 한국어 Türkçe Česky Polski Magyar русский язык slovenščina slovenčina Dansk Svenska Suomen kieli Norsk ελληνικα Português български език Design Library a huge choice of 3D models , CAD files and 2D drawings for MCAD, ECAD, PCB, CAE and BIM. Search Show all catalogs Catalogs searchable Part Numbers Registered Engineers & Designers Product Data downloads Searches per year New Catalogs Previous Next See all catalogs Explore by category Mechanical components Manufacturing engineering Materials (bars, beams, tubes, etc.) Material handling and lifting equipment Electrical Sensors and measurement systems Electronics Optics Pneumatics Vacuum equipment Hydraulics Heat transmission Building & Constructions (materials and equipments) Civil engineering Trusted by Industry Leaders Testimonials The more we use standardized products for the different machines, the faster and easier it is to troubleshoot machinery or configure them for new products. The TraceParts library is very rich and the easy search feature could lead to an explosion in the number of references used. In TraceParts, we have found a solution to reach our standardization objectives. Stéphane Charvin, project manager in the Machinery Department I find that TraceParts makes my job as a designer easier by allowing me to deploy components quickly in both simple and complex assemblies. Marcel Schulze, designer at Tribo Hartstoff GmbH I’m pleased that TraceParts is available, with lots of 3D models for you to download immediately. You can easily carry on designing without wasting any time. Leder Alexander, designer at KS Komponenten+Système 3D PRODUCT CATALOG SOLUTIONS GET YOUR PRODUCTS DESIGNED-IN! 90% of parts downloaded as CAD models get purchased. Put your 3D Product Data at the heart of your Lead Generation strategy. DISCOVER MORE DIGITAL ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS REACH ENGINEERS & DESIGN PROFESSIONALS Promote your brand to 950K opt-in contacts and 4 million yearly unique visitors. Achieve your digital marketing goals with multichannel digital campaigns precisely tailored to reach your target audience. START ADVERTISING News TraceParts News Ideas & practical tips for marketing professionals who target Engineers, Designers and Manufacturing Influencers read New Part Catalogs Newsletter Announces the publication of new catalogs on the CAD-content platform read Design & Tech Trends Newsletter Showcases new product launches and relevant industry news read Webinar Newsletter Highlights live and on-demand webinars read See all news Stay in touch Subscribe to the TraceParts Newsletters TraceParts is one of the world’s leading CAD-content platforms for Engineering, Industrial Equipment and Machine Design, totaling over 6 million registered members from 1.3 million companies actively sourcing product information and technical data from over 195 different countries. Follow Us © TraceParts S.A.S. 2025 - All rights reserved. General Terms of Use & Privacy Policy - GDPR compliance - Cookie settings - Report an issue Version : 2025.1222.508.49295