Trackingplan | Ensure the quality of your digital analytics Product Our Product How Trackingplan Works See it in action Why Trackingplan The Trackingplan Difference Privacy Hub About us Changelog Stay up to date with the latest Trackingplan features and enhancements. Use Cases By Team Digital Analysts Marketing & Performance Developers & QA Teams Trackingplan for Agencies Hear From our Customers Resources Trackingplan University Blog Guides Videos Support & Help Learning Center FAQs & Support Trackingplan Academy Privacy Hub Tools & Templates Regex Tester UTM Builder Tool Free Analytics Audit Looker Studio Connector Google Spreadsheet Integrations Integrations Google Analytics Amplitude Adobe Analytics Mixpanel Snowplow Hotjar Heap Fullstory mParticle Segment Hubspot Marketo Intercom Drift Braze Salesforce Rudderstack Optimizely Tag Manager Facebook Pixel TikTok Criteo Twitter Pixel Pinterest Pixel Linkedin Pixel Google Ads And many more... Pricing Sign Up Get Started Book a demo Product Use Cases Marketing & Growth Developers & QA Teams Data Analyst Agencies Integrations How it works Pricing Resources Learning Center Trackingplan Academy FAQs Blog Guides Changelog Login Book a demo Login Get Started Get Started Ensure the quality of your digital analytics Fully automated observability that finds problems in your analytics, marketing, attribution pixels, datalayer and campaigns and tells you how to fix them. Working in minutes in your web, tag manager, apps and server side stacks. Get Started Get started Trusted by 200+ data-driven tech leaders Deliver trusted insights, without wasting time on manual data audits Achieve impeccable data quality and attribution effortlessly, eliminating the need for extensive collection reviews. AUTOMATED DISCOVERY AND AUDIT Audit your implementations with real data Get an always-updated picture of your Martech stack and deep dive into your integrations, from the dataLayer to the destination. AUTOMATED ALERT SYSTEM Stay in the loop about errors and changes Receive alerts via email, Slack or Teams with traffic anomalies, rogue events, schema problems, campaign and pixels misconfigurations, and more. AUTOMATED ROOT CAUSE ANALYSIS Fix errors in record time Explore where errors occurred, why, and how to solve them to streamline diagnosis and resolution times. Get Started Deliver trusted insights, without wasting time on manual audits Ready to say goodbye to manually checking your analytics, marketing pixels, and campaigns? Audit your implementations with real data Get an always-updated picture of your Martech stack and deep dive into your integrations, from the datalayer to the destination. Stay in the loop about errors and changes Receive alerts via email, Slack or Teams with traffic anomalies, rogue events, schema problems, campaign and pixels misconfigurations, and more. Fix errors in record time Explore where errors occurred, why, and how to solve them to streamline diagnosis and resolution times. Automatically detect issues and changes in real time Rest assured knowing you'll be notified anytime something changes or breaks in your digital analytics, marketing automations, pixels, and campaigns. Events not firing When a key event stops firing, neither you nor your dashboards notice—until it’s too late. Trackingplan alerts you immediately so you never miss a conversion. Read more Traffic anomalies Trackingplan notifies you instantly about spikes or drops on the events that matter most, so you can react immediately before your reports or campaigns are affected. Read more Attribution errors Protect your ad budget from silent ROAS killers by spotting UTM naming convention errors or campaign tagging issues before they hurt performance. Read more Unexpected or wrong values Detect missing, incorrect, or misformatted property values to keep dashboards accurate and reporting reliable. Read more Broken or missing pixels Pixels fail silently, hurting conversions and inflating costs. Trackingplan notifies you instantly if a pixel disappears so you can fix it before it affects performance. Read more PII leaks & misconfigured consent Prevent compliance risks by monitoring sensitive data and consent settings across all your analytics, CMPs, and marketing tools. Read more Watch the full power of Trackingplan Get hands-on and witness firsthand how Trackingplan helps you automatically detect and fix analytics and marketing data issues, maintain up-to-date tracking plans, and foster seamless collaboration. See it in action Happy tracking, happy clients Because life’s too short for tedious data work Pablo Urueña Digital Analytics Manager Trackingplan is the eye that sees everything, delivering value even in areas outside our responsibilities." Bert Reila Digital Analytics Manager "Using Trackingplan for our team translates to saving significant resources—both time and money." Álvaro Salmerón Digital Analytics Consultant “Before Trackingplan, we spent around five to six hours per project every month just debugging." Just one pixel... to rule them all Trackingplan works by checking what your site, apps and server side users send to your analytics, marketing or attribution integrations and pixels. No crawling, no tests to maintain, no code changes. Get Started Learn how it works Installing is only a few minutes. Just a copy-paste tag on your Tag Manager or site, or a small SDK on your apps. Leave the theory behind and start working on what’s actually implemented Right after the installation, Trackingplan will start learning about your data, and uses AI to identify patterns to alert you in real-time about any error or update before significantly impacting the quality of your integrations. Get started Get Started Get Started SECURITY & PRIVACY Privacy is at the center of everything we do From data you can trust to keeping your data safe, we ensure your data is always secure with robust security measures and unwavering adherence to the highest compliance standards. Privacy Hub Designed to save time and pain to marketers, analysts, and tagging specialists Discover trackingplan's functionalities according to your profile Digital Analysts Automate error detection and root cause analysis to get instant notifications about any error or change affecting the quality of your integrations. Learn more Marketing & Growth Be notified whenever your pixels disappear on your landings, control the attribution of your campaigns, validate naming conventions and fix tagging issues. Learn more Developers & QA Teams Catch analytics errors before they hit production and rest assured by detecting errors in your analytics implementations before they slip through the cracks. Learn more Agencies Get rid of manual audits in all the sites and apps you manage and receive alerts to detect digital analytics, campaign, and privacy errors before your clients do. Learn more Our impact in numbers +3 hours saved daily for analysts 29.4 million 1 million users tracked today 2.2 billion events monitored today 855 issues 855 issues detected today See everything happening in your Martech stack, from day one Be provided with robust cross-service insights by monitoring all the data your apps and websites send to your third-party integrations. See all integrations Get Started Getting started is simple Try Trackingplan today and sit back while we automatically create your dashboard. Try it free Any question? How long does it take for Trackingplan to work? Unlike other SaaS with setups that take between weeks and months or even force you to change how you code your analytics, Trackingplan starts listening in real-time to all the data your sites and apps are sending to your third-party services right after its installation . From that moment on, Trackingplan will automatically start creating your dashboard. Depending on your traffic, an hour can be enough to recollect the necessary data. However, for companies with small traffic, this process might take up to a week, so don’t worry if you enter Trackingplan’s dashboard after installing it and you don’t see anything! We will send you a message once we have collected enough data. During this time, all teams involved in the data collection process teams will be able to keep working as they used to, without causing any company disruption. What are the problems Trackingplan will notify me about? Trackingplan will automatically detect and send you alerts about any update or issue happening in your digital analytics. Missing events or properties, naming inconsistencies, anomalies in your traffic, property type mismatches, validation errors... all this and more to to keep everything that matters to you in the loop. Moreover, Trackingplan's Digests will notify your team with all you need to know about the state of your data at the beginning of your work day so that you can work on what you do best instead of having to find those errors by yourself. How does Trackingplan foster cross-team collaboration? Trackingplan provides an always-updated single source of truth about the status of your digital analytics to ensure all teams involved in the data collection process are on the same page. Moreover, you can also add descriptions to your events and properties to enhance cross-team interactions and ensure every member is aligned with your specs. Will Trackingplan affect my site's visitor experience or performance? Not at all. Trackingplan is designed to have a minimal impact on your site. Our lightweight tag, only 10kb in size, has no significant effect on page load times. Additionally, our SDKs are optimized to ensure that your app's performance remains unaffected.The Trackingplan tag loads asynchronously with the page content, responding in less than 500ms. This means that it won't slow down your site's loading speed. Furthermore, once the configuration is stored in the browser cache, it won't be reloaded during subsequent page views for a period of 24 hours.With Trackingplan, you can gather the data you need without compromising the visitor experience or your site's performance. How do I know if Trackingplan is for me? Collecting and analyzing multiple data points can be a tedious process especially prone to bugs and breakages. Trackingplan’s fully automated observability and analytics QA solution eliminates these obstacles by detecting errors in your websites and apps as soon as they happen, or even before they happen, to empower companies with accurate and reliable analytics. Whether you are a data analyst, a developer, or you manage marketing campaigns, Trackingplan can help you prevent data quality issues before reaching production to avoid compromising your digital analytics, maximizing the ROI on your MarTech and product analytics stack. How do I get started? Getting started with Trackingplan is easy as 1-2-3. Create your account to get your Trackingplan snippet. For websites, you can install it using Google Tag Manager or by adding the snippet at the top of the <head> section of your website. For apps, you’ll just need to install the SDKs directly. For more information, follow our documentation . After this easy installation, Trackingplan will automatically start discovering and documenting all the traffic you’re sending to all your integrations. It’s your time to sit back as we automatically create your dashboard. We will send you a message once we have collected enough data. Time to dig into all the destinations, schemas, events, pixels, and campaigns Trackingplan’s algorithm has automatically discovered for you. Onboard all the members involved in the data collection process to ensure everyone is on the same page, customize your warnings so that we can warn you according to your specifications, add regexes and enums to validate your events, and start tackling all the errors that are compromising the quality of your data and that Trackingplan has spotted. Trackingplan Product How Trackingplan Works See Trackingplan in Action Integrations Changelog API About Us Why Trackingplan Privacy Hub The Trackingplan Difference Alternative to ObservePoint Alternative to AVO Alternative to Seenaptic Alternative to Data On Duty Use Cases Marketing & Performance Developers Data Analysts Trackingplan for Agencies Customer Stories Resources FAQs & Support Documentation Trackingplan Academy Guides Blog Regex tester UTM Builder Tool Free Analytics Audit Looker Studio Connector Google Spreadsheets Access Pricing Login Book a Demo Terms and conditions Customer Terms of Service Privacy policy Youtube Twitter Linkedin By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close