Online Trading starts here - Traders Union Login Registration BEST BROKERS Best Forex Brokers Best MT4 Brokers Best MT5 Brokers Best CFD Brokers Best ECN Brokers Lowest Spread Forex Brokers High Leverage Forex Brokers PAMM Account Brokers Best Online Brokers Best Raw Spreads Brokers Best PayPal Forex Brokers Best TradingView Brokers Best Forex Brokers for Scalping Best Spread Betting Brokers Best Cent Account Forex Brokers Best International Brokers Binary Options Brokers Find My Broker United States United Kingdom Australia India Philippines South Africa Nigeria Malaysia Pakistan GUIDES How to Trade Forex How to Choose a Forex Broker How to Open a Forex Account How to Trade Without Money Brokers With $1 Minimum Deposit Forex Brokers with Welcome Bonus Forex No Deposit Bonus Forex Demo Account What is Copy Trading? Forex Scammer List Investing Glossary Crypto Guides Best Crypto Exchanges P2P Crypto Exchange Crypto No Deposit Bonus Best Crypto Alerts Сrypto Signals Telegram Best Crypto Trading Bots Free Crypto Signals Cheapest Crypto Exchanges Best Crypto to Buy Now Crypto Scammer List Prop Trading Guides Best Prop Firms Best Futures Prop Firms No-Evaluation Prop Firms Best Funded Trader Programs Best Instant Funding Prop Firms Сheapest Prop Firms Biggest Prop Trading Firms Best Prop Firms With Free Trial Free Prop Firms Challenge Free Funded Forex Account Interesting articles BROKER REVIEWS Forex Brokers IUX Review XM Review RoboForex Review Vantage Markets Review Valetax Review Eightcap Review Markets4you Review Pocket Option Review Binary Brokers Pocket Option Review QUOTEX Review Capitalcore Review Crypto Exchanges MEXC Review Bybit Review OKX Review Prop Firms FundedNext Review Hash Hedge Review Instant Funding Review Stock Brokers CapTrader Review Freedom24 Review Easy Equities Review Forex Broker Comparison Crypto Exchange Comparison PRICE PREDICTIONS Daily Price Analysis from TU Analysts All Daily Forex and Crypto Forecasts Gold Price Analysis Today EUR/USD Price Analysis Today BTC/USD Price Analysis Today Weekly Forex forecasts EUR/USD GBP/USD USD/ZAR EUR/INR EUR/GBP XAU/USD XAG/USD Bitcoin (BTC) Ethereum (ETH) Shiba Inu (SHIB) Dogecoin (DOGE) Solana (SOL) Litecoin (LTC) XRP (Ripple) SPX500 (S&P) Nvidia (NVDA) Apple (APPL) Google (GOOG) Intel (INTC) Nio Inc - ADR (NIO) Amazon (AMZN) Live Quotes and Predictions WHO WE ARE About us Our Team Our mission and values Global Fintech Events Our Methodology Our Editorial Policies TU Overall Score Trader Rights Protection Trader Psychology Support Our Contacts B2B Contact NEWS Financial News Crypto News Market Voices Bonuses and Promotions Airdrop News Broker News Editors' Picks Crypto Market Video News ar az cs da de el en es et fi fr he hi hu hy ind it ja kk km ko ms nb nl pl pt ro sq sv tg th tl tr uk ur uz vi zh Choose a broker or check reputation Already found a broker ? Check their reputation Choose Broker Check reputation Still deciding? We can help you find the right broker now Afghanistan Albania Algeria Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Cambodia Cameroon Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Haiti Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iran, Islamic republic Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Rwanda Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey UAE Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Forex Crypto Prop Binary Best Broker for Me The best brokers for trading, verified by our experts Forex Crypto Prop Stock Afghanistan Albania Algeria Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Cambodia Cameroon Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Haiti Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iran, Islamic republic Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Rwanda Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey UAE Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe No company found for your request. Try to change your search parameters. ⏳ Search for a broker How do we support your success in the market ? Thoroughly vet financial companies and select only the most reliable options. Test brokers using real accounts through a “mystery shopper” approach. Verify broker licenses and registration details. Provide 24/7 access to market analytics and news. Offer a platform for independent user reviews about brokers. Share data on broker legality across different jurisdictions. Create educational resources and research for beginners and experienced traders. Why we are the best at what we do? Excellent 14 years Experience in financial markets 50+ Leading analysts in the world 424 504 Monthly readers 32,000+ Exclusive content Meet our team of top experts Anton Kharitonov Director of Analytics Eugene Komchuk Editor-in-Chief at Traders Union Kyle Torpey Author at Traders Union Ciaran Ryan Author at Traders Union Dan Blystone Senior English Editor Marc Chandler Author at Traders Union Mikhail Vnuchkov Author at Traders Union Andrey Mastykin Head of Company Reviews and Ratings Ivan Andriyenko Author at Traders Union Oleg Tkachenko Editor at Cryptocurrency & Blockchain Department Rinat Gismatullin Author and business expert Anastasiia Chabaniuk Educational Content Editor Maxim Nechiporenko Author, financial expert at Traders Union Igor Krasulya Author at Traders Union Parshwa Turakhiya Editorial Standards Specialist Sholanke Dele Analyst at Traders Union Viktoras Karapetjanc Financial expert and analyst at Traders Union Dmytro Kharkov Senior Newsfeed Editor Mélissa Bac Reporter Oleksii Zaichenko Reporter Emilio Ghigini Author at Traders Union Michael Berman Author at Traders Union Andreas Kristo Author at Traders Union Sergey Shendetskyi News Author at Traders Union Maryana Vnuchkova News Author at Traders Union Yaroslav Dmytrenko News Author at Traders Union Ashutosh Sureka News Author at Traders Union Yulia Slavina Author at Traders Union Elena Nikulina Author and Editor at Traders Union Hlib Chabaniuk Author at Traders Union Iryna Sazhynska Author at Traders Union Oksana Koneva News Author at Traders Union Aleksandra Chaikina Author and financial analyst at Traders Union Darina Pashchenko News Author at Traders Union Latest News 18 hours ago Anastasiia Chabaniuk Passive income models claim to offer retirees potential returns of $7,700 a day #Crypto 22 minutes ago Hlib Chabaniuk Jeffrey Gundlach suggests radical changes to US fiscal policy #Jeffrey Gundlach 22 minutes ago Igor Krasulya Joe Kiani emphasizes empathy in future health technology #Joe Kiani 2 hours ago Hanna Syniavska What’s driving Fasttoken lower today (December 30)? #Forecast #Fasttoken 3 hours ago Ashutosh Sureka Tim Sweeney highlights satirical Fortnite Linux advocacy #Tim Sweeney 3 hours ago Jose Antonio Gastelum UNUS SED LEO price prediction: consolidation ahead? LEO gains 7.12% #Forecast #LEO 4 hours ago Sholanke Dele Here’s why Hut 8 is sliding (December 30) #Forecast #Hut 8 4 hours ago Olga Shendetskaya Matthew Prince reflects on Park City resort innovation in 1977 #Matthew Prince 8 hours ago Yaroslav Dmytrenko -7.48% for Fasttoken — sellers dominate amid strong bearish signals #Forecast #Fasttoken 8 hours ago Igor Krasulya Mat Ishbia expresses optimism for Phoenix Suns future #Mat Ishbia 9 hours ago Ashutosh Sureka Tesco stock holds steady as technicals show mixed momentum and resistance near GBX 446.20 #Forecast #Tesco 9 hours ago Ciaran Ryan Persimmon stock: technical factors drive mild advance as resistance at GBX 1,360 approaches #Forecast #Persimmon Sholanke Dele 4 hours ago Here’s why Hut 8 is sliding (December 30) Olga Shendetskaya 4 hours ago Matthew Prince reflects on Park City resort innovation in 1977 Yaroslav Dmytrenko 8 hours ago -7.48% for Fasttoken — sellers dominate amid strong bearish signals Igor Krasulya 8 hours ago Mat Ishbia expresses optimism for Phoenix Suns future Ashutosh Sureka 9 hours ago Tesco stock holds steady as technicals show mixed momentum and resistance near GBX 446.20 Ciaran Ryan 9 hours ago Persimmon stock: technical factors drive mild advance as resistance at GBX 1,360 approaches More news All news Editors` Pick 11 hours ago Mikhail Vnuchkov Holidays without gifts: Why Santa Claus rally failed in 2025 #Crypto #Bitcoin Yesterday Eugene Komchuk Top 5 most successful token sales of 2025 #Crypto #WLFI 19.12.2025 Dmytro Kharkov 2025 crypto year results: Institutional adoption and failed altseason #Crypto #Bitcoin 28.12.2025 Oleg Tkachenko Digital euro is near: EU fast-tracks the CBDC project #Crypto #Euro (EUR) 27.12.2025 Olesia Kramarenko Hacked Christmas: What happened to Trust Wallet #Crypto 26.12.2025 Eugene Komchuk Bitcoin on TV: Max Keiser broadcast revisited 15 years later #Max Keiser #Bitcoin All news Market Voices 1 hour ago Daria Chernytska Joao Wedson highlights BTC traders liquidated amid long positions surge #Joao Wedson 1 hour ago Daria Chernytska Alexandru Iulian Florea: Backlash hits Base and Zora launches #Zeus 2 hours ago Daria Chernytska Lefteris Karapetsas thanks sponsors for Rotki release #Lefteris Karapetsas 3 hours ago Dmytro Kharkov Commerce.com under pressure as AI reshapes agency dynamics #Commerce.com 4 hours ago Daria Chernytska Scott Melker: Hoskinson accelerates Cardano DeFi with Midnight integration #Scott Melker 4 hours ago Daria Chernytska RE/MAX affiliates support local communities globally #RE/MAX All news 🎯 Join the XM Worldwide Partners Rising League! 💰 $150,000 in total prizes — climb the ranks and win up to $15,000! 🏆 30 winners worldwide 🥇 3× bigger prize pool in Bronze, Silver & Gold 💼 Earn extra rewards on top of commissions JOIN THE LEAGUE NOW! Your capital is at risk. Crypto digest BTC at $10,000, Binance pays $5 million, VanEck withdraws forecasts: Weekly CRYPTO NEWS Trump cuts taxes, Spain hits crypto, DEXs take over: Crypto Week ETH under threat, Google debuts Gemini 3 Pro, Strategy set for S&P 500 entry: Crypto News for 11.20 Subscribe to our channel Access our market research to support your trading decisions Parshwa Turakhiya 1 day ago Best Free Crypto No-Deposit Bonuses For Signing-Up Parshwa Turakhiya 1 day ago Best Free Funded Forex Accounts Without Deposit Upendra Goswami 1 day ago In Which Month Of The Year Is The Price Of Gold Lowest? Rinat Gismatullin 1 day ago Best $25 Sign Up Bonus Offers (Instant Withdraw) – A Full Guide Igor Krasulya 1 day ago Best Free Telegram Trading Channels In 2025 Oleg Tkachenko 1 day ago Top Forex WhatsApp Groups For Signals 2025 Peter Emmanuel Chijioke 1 day ago RBI-Approved Forex Brokers & Trading Apps in India Vuk Martin 1 day ago What Is The Best Forex Trading Robot? Free Download Alamin Morshed 4 weeks ago Quotex Affiliate Program – Review 2025 Peter Emmanuel Chijioke 1 day ago How To Turn $100 Into $1000 In Forex? Mikhail Vnuchkov 1 day ago Best Withdrawable No Deposit And Welcome Bonuses Up to $5000 Oleg Tkachenko 1 day ago Which broker has the best welcome bonus (2025)? Stay informed on market movements and anticipate trends -  Live quotes Forex Crypto Stocks Indices Name Last Open Chg. 24h Loading... View all (799) Name Last Open Chg. 24h Loading... View all (799) Name Last Open Chg. 24h Loading... View all (799) Name Last Open Chg. 24h Loading... View all (799) 1D 1D 1W 1W 1M 1M 3M 3M 1Y 1Y MAX MAX BTC/USD Choose Chart loading... Top 6 Gainers Over the Last 24 Hours Forex Crypto Stocks Loading... Loading... Loading... Top 6 Losers Over the Last 24 Hours Forex Crypto Stocks Loading... Loading... Loading... Spreads from 0.0 pips and bonuses up to 100%! $30 welcome bonus — start with an advantage! Trading with no hidden fees — transparency at every step. Fast deposits and withdrawals — instant access to your earnings. Investment protection — your capital is secure. Get started now! Your capital is at risk. Trade with Verified Companies The companies on this list have undergone an independent evaluation based on TU’s internal criteria.
              This list does not constitute financial advice. Traders Union is not responsible for the actions or performance of these companies. Who We Are About Us Our Mission and Values Vacancies Contact Us B2B Contact Global Fintech Events Popular Sections Best Forex Broker Best Crypto Exchanges Broker Comparison Live Quotes and Charts Interesting Articles TrustScore Business Solutions Advertise with Us Advertising Guidelines Brand Attribution Guidelines For Users Trader Rights Protection Trader Psychology Support Affiliate Program Bonuses & Promotions Contributor benefits Traders Union Upgrade Sector-Based Rankings TU News Financial News Crypto News Market Voices Airdrop News Broker News Editors' Picks Crypto Market Video News Disclosures How We Make Money TU Fact Check Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy User Reviews Policy Combating Fake Reviews Social media verification Editorial Policy Complaints Handling Policy Moderation and Removal Policy We are in Social Media © IAFT Ltd., 2010-2025 All rights to the website are owned by IAFT Ltd., Registration number - HE 336186 Risk disclosure: Information on the TradersUnion.com website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any motive or suggestion to visitors to invest money. Moreover, we hereby warn you that trading on the Forex and CFD markets is always a high risk. According to the statistics, 75-89% of customers lose the funds invested and only 11-25% of traders earn a profit. Trading in futures and options carries substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for every investor. That is why you should only invest money that you are prepared —
                or can afford — to lose
                at such high risks. Tradersunion.com does not provide any financial services, including investment or
                financial advisory services. Also, the Traders Union is not a broker and does not get money for trading in
                the Forex or CFD markets. Our website only provides information on brokers and the markets and helps its
                users to select the best brokerage company based on detailed information and objective analysis of
                brokers. Disclaimer: Traders Union (TradersUnion.com) shall not be liable for the consequences of trading decisions made by
                the Client and for the possible loss of his capital resulting from the use of this website and information
                published on it. Forex market, CFD and cryptocurrency trading involves high risks and is not suitable for everyone. Before investing money, you need to adequately assess the level of your expertise and be aware of the risks, particularly in the context of trading with leverage. The information on this website is not intended for distribution or use by any person in any country or jurisdiction, where such distribution or use would be in violation of the local law or regulation. Any payments by Traders Union (TradersUnion.com) to the users of our website shall be legally interpreted solely as an incentive on our part for the activity on the website in the form of a deduction of a part of the advertising income; they shall not be a subject of any claims of our users or our obligations, a subject of disputes, as well as cannot be considered in relation to the services provided to users by brokers, both in fact and in their completeness and volume. The administration of the website shall not be liable for the content of user comments and reviews about the companies and shall not verify whether the authors of the reviews are indeed real clients of a specific company. All reviews, both negative and positive are published on the website without verification of their reliability; only offensive reviews that call for violence or any kind of discrimination and also reviews published from one group of IP addresses are moderated and removed. The authors of the materials shall be fully liable for the accuracy, completeness and impartiality of any information in the articles and reviews, including in the context of their use or mention of any brand names or trademarks. All mentions of the names of companies and their brands in any materials on the website shall be made in the context of communication of socially important information to the people about their activities by independent journalists, who are the authors. All evaluations and indicators on the website express the subjective opinion of the authors of the reviews (articles) and shall not be viewed as accurate statements and be a subject of disputes and claims against Traders Union. Disclosure of Advertisers: All the services on the Tradersunion.com website are free for you to use. Our team spends thousands of
                hours per annum researching brokers and gathering information about them to help investors all over the
                world to choose reliable companies and to avoid fraudsters. Indeed, the curating, sourcing, and organization of this process requires substantial financial investment by Tradersunion.com, which the website earns in the form of advertising payments. There are two types of advertising services on the website — direct advertising or partner (broker) participation programs. However, no services purchased by our partners shall affect the recommendations on our website, or our opinions, or ratings. Our ratings are based on our objective rating criteria and methodology; and the results are always equally and fairly applied to each broker. The work of our content authors and research groups does not involve any interaction with our advertisers and they do not have access to data concerning the amount of advertising purchased. For over 10 years we consider our independence, absolute openness, and objectivity as our main priority. Please follow the links to each of our affiliated broker’s websites. This will help Tradersunion.com to continue to provide our services to you for free. GDPR