Skip to Main Content

For Brands

For Publishers

Our Markets

Investors

About us

Contact

Login

Register

English
Boosting
partnerships
since 1999
We empower a thriving partner network where everyone wins.

The world is vast. Reaching out and finding the right paths may seem incomprehensibly difficult. But with the right knowledge, expertise, network, and partners, there’s nothing we can’t achieve together.

​

1999

Foundation by Martin Lorentzon and Felix Hagnö in Stockholm

​

​

90

Global Markets

USA

We launched our US office in Miami in May 2025

3,000

#Global Brands

Endless Publisher and Creator partnership opportunities

​

​

Since 1999, Tradedoubler has been at the forefront of partner marketing growth, facilitating dynamic connections between result-driven brands and publishers across the globe. With a network spanning over 90 markets worldwide, we've cultivated an environment where collaboration thrives, and success is mutual.
 

About our Platform

We host a digital marketing platform where Brands and Publishers connect and become winning advertising and sales partners. Across all digital channels and the globe.

Get ready, America.

We're raising the stakes with our recent launch of our new US headquarters in vibrant Miami in May 2025 - bringing our global vision closer to home to boost partnerships.

Our US market
Our Products

Brands and publishers, big and small, mainstream and niche, different industries, and any digital marketing model can be part of our thriving partner network. It’s win-win and opportunity for all. That is the beauty of partner marketing, and the thriving network we host.

Partner
Programs
 
Influencer
Programs
 
SaaS Partner
Marketing
 
White Label /
Inhouse
 
Lead
Generation
 
App
Marketing
 

Welcome to Tradedoubler. Please follow the below links to register or learn more as a Brand, Publisher/Creator or Agency.

For
Brands

Our products for Enterprises, SMEs or startups with local or international ambitions to grow sales and leads or create brand awareness.

 

​​​​​​

Learn More
Register
For Publishers & Creators

Our products for Publishers, Influencers, Creators, Affiliates, Tech Publishers or any other digital channel.​​​​​

 

​​​​​​

​

Learn More
Sign Up
For
Agencies

Our products for Performance & Brand Marketing Agencies or any other digital agencies who drive success in Partner Marketing for their Brands.

 

​​​​​​

Register
What our Partners say about us.

Thank you for your trust! According to our Partners, Brands, Publishers and Agencies we are well known and respected for our dedication, transparency, and service. This is based on market research conducted by Stockholm based brand agency in 2024.

Ignacio Maldonado Garcia
HP​

"We've found the perfect partner with Tradedoubler."

Paresh Vadavia
gen3 Marketing

"It's great to see Tradedoubler launch in the US and support our market to continuoulsy grow and evolve."


Truly global Partner Marketing

​

Founded in Stockholm, Sweden in 1999, we have since become a truly global company, offering our products and services in more than 90 markets world-wide. Our team of Tradedoublers work in our European and Australian offices for you. Meet us locally or virtually from anywhere and learn more about your opportunities in our selected markets below.

Our Markets.
Your Potential.

Deep-dive and learn more about your international growth potential with Tradedoubler by clicking on our markets below.

​The Nordics
​
 

United
Kingdom
 

France

 

Poland

 

Australia

 

Spain

 

Italy

 

United
States
 

DACH

 

CEE
​
 

Benelux

 

Latam

 

Ask us to launch in your requested market.​​

What's happening on our Blog
How to Access Amazon’s Affiliate Ecosystem through Tradedoubler & PartnerBoost
Unlock a new revenue stream! Learn how publishers can access Amazon’s affiliate ecosystem via PartnerBoost - directly from their existing Tradedoubler account.
Dec 17
A Fresh Look at Tradedoubler’s Codes of Conduct for Publishers
Throughout 2025, we’ve refreshed our Codes of Conduct across many publisher verticals - making them clearer, more intuitive and easier to use. Learn more!
Dec 15
Welcome to Tradedoubler

By clicking on the below you are registering your interest as Brand and Agency and signing up for an account as Publisher and Creator.

Register
Brands
Publishers & Creators
Sign up
Agencies
Register
Go to top

For Brands

Brands

SME-Brands

Agencies

For Publishers

Publishers

Content Creators

Our Company

About Us

Careers

Investors

Blog

GDPR

Privacy Policy

Legal

Contact

Follow Us

© 2025, Tradedoubler | All rights reserved.

About cookies on this site

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. We also share data with our web hosting partners. By clicking “Allow all”, you consent to our use of cookies. We respect your right to privacy, therefore you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies. Please enter your choices under cookie settings. If you wish to opt out of non-essential cookies, you can do so by clicking on “Deny all". However, please be aware that blocking certain types of cookies may affect your experience with the website and the services that we can offer. Learn more about our cookies under "Learn more". If you have any questions regarding this, please contact privacy@tradedoubler.com or dpo@tradedoubler.com. You can also read more about our data processing in our Privacy Policy.

Learn more

Allow all
Deny all
Cookie settings