Tradedoubler | Boosting partnerships since 1999 top of page For Brands Overview Partner Programs Influencer Marketing SaaS (Grow) White Label / Inhouse Digital Publisher Channels Lead Generation Campaigns App Marketing FAQs For Publishers Overview Program Directory Developer Portal API Documentation FAQs Our Markets The Nordics UK US Australia DACH France Poland Spain & Latam Italy Benelux CEE Investors About us Company Our Tech Blog Podcast Events Careers Contact Login Brands Publishers Private Network Grow Register More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Boosting partnerships since 1999 To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key. We empower a thriving partner network where everyone wins. The world is vast. Reaching out and finding the right paths may seem incomprehensibly difficult. But with the right knowledge, expertise, network, and partners, there’s nothing we can’t achieve together. ​ 1999 Foundation by Martin Lorentzon and Felix Hagnö in Stockholm ​ ​ 90 Global Markets USA We launched our US office in Miami in May 2025 3,000 #Global Brands Endless Publisher and Creator partnership opportunities ​ ​ Since 1999, Tradedoubler has been at the forefront of partner marketing growth, facilitating dynamic connections between result-driven brands and publishers across the globe. With a network spanning over 90 markets worldwide, we've cultivated an environment where collaboration thrives, and success is mutual. About our Platform We host a digital marketing platform where Brands and Publishers connect and become winning advertising and sales partners. Across all digital channels and the globe. Get ready, America. We're raising the stakes with our recent launch of our new US headquarters in vibrant Miami in May 2025 - bringing our global vision closer to home to boost partnerships. Our US market Our Products Brands and publishers, big and small, mainstream and niche, different industries, and any digital marketing model can be part of our thriving partner network. It’s win-win and opportunity for all. That is the beauty of partner marketing, and the thriving network we host. Partner Programs Influencer Programs SaaS Partner Marketing White Label / Inhouse Lead Generation App Marketing Welcome to Tradedoubler. Please follow the below links to register or learn more as a Brand, Publisher/Creator or Agency. For Brands Our products for Enterprises, SMEs or startups with local or international ambitions to grow sales and leads or create brand awareness. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​​ Learn More Register For Publishers & Creators Our products for Publishers, Influencers, Creators, Affiliates, Tech Publishers or any other digital channel. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​ Learn More Sign Up For Agencies Our products for Performance & Brand Marketing Agencies or any other digital agencies who drive success in Partner Marketing for their Brands. ​ ​ ​​​​ Register What our Partners say about us. Thank you for your trust! According to our Partners, Brands, Publishers and Agencies we are well known and respected for our dedication, transparency, and service. This is based on market research conducted by Stockholm based brand agency in 2024. Ignacio Maldonado Garcia HP​ "We've found the perfect partner with Tradedoubler." Paresh Vadavia gen3 Marketing "It's great to see Tradedoubler launch in the US and support our market to continuoulsy grow and evolve." Eva Manzanares Publicis Groupe ​"I'd like to emphasize Tradedoubler's great service! Michelle Kalinowski NYMO & CO "Tradedoubler's strong client base, trusted relationships, and growing US presence are key to sustainable results." Daniel Topitz Club Med "Tradedoubler impresses by being extremely fast in service and response." Truly global Partner Marketing ​ Founded in Stockholm, Sweden in 1999, we have since become a truly global company, offering our products and services in more than 90 markets world-wide. Our team of Tradedoublers work in our European and Australian offices for you. Meet us locally or virtually from anywhere and learn more about your opportunities in our selected markets below. Our Markets. Your Potential. Deep-dive and learn more about your international growth potential with Tradedoubler by clicking on our markets below. ​The Nordics ​ United Kingdom France Poland Australia Spain Italy United States DACH CEE ​ Benelux Latam Ask us to launch in your requested market.​​ What's happening on our Blog How to Access Amazon’s Affiliate Ecosystem through Tradedoubler & PartnerBoost Unlock a new revenue stream! Learn how publishers can access Amazon’s affiliate ecosystem via PartnerBoost - directly from their existing Tradedoubler account. Dec 17 A Fresh Look at Tradedoubler’s Codes of Conduct for Publishers Throughout 2025, we’ve refreshed our Codes of Conduct across many publisher verticals - making them clearer, more intuitive and easier to use. Learn more! Dec 15 Black Friday 2025: A Record-Breaking Weekend for Tradedoubler Black Friday 2025 delivered strong results for Tradedoubler. See the key shopper trends, market drivers, and channels behind this standout weekend. Dec 11 Welcome to Tradedoubler By clicking on the below you are registering your interest as Brand and Agency and signing up for an account as Publisher and Creator. Register Brands Publishers & Creators Sign up Agencies Register Go to top For Brands Brands SME-Brands Agencies For Publishers Publishers Content Creators Our Company About Us Careers Investors Blog GDPR Privacy Policy Legal Contact Follow Us © 2025, Tradedoubler | All rights reserved. bottom of page