Trademark Search, Free, for Millions of Registered Trademarks with USPTO | Trademarkia Services Categories Trademarks Protect your brand today Protect your brand with Register your Trademark Post Filing Services Trademark Protection Trademark Registration Free Trademark Search Comprehensive Search International Trademarks Trademark Renewal Trademark Revival Trademark Office Actions Trademark Statement of Use Trademark Extension of Use Trademark Oppositions Trademark Litigations Brand Monitoring Trademark Ownership Transfer Cease and Desist Letter Trademark Certificate Trademarkia Marketplace Domain Dispute Resolution Name, Image & Likeness Patents File a patent today Patent your Inventions with Start a Patent Application Additional Patent Services File a Provisional Patent For temporary protection upto 1 year from USPTO File a Design Patent Protects invention’s design and visual aspects File a Utility Patent Protects new machines, methods, processes of the invention Expedited Design Patent Best for faster and efficient protection for your design inventions Accelerated Utility Patent Quickly file patent applications for your ideas and inventions International Patents (PCT) Protect your ideas and inventions globally Copyrights Safeguard your creative ideas Register your creative ideas with Start a Copyright Application Register your Copyright Protect your work or creations with us Free Copyright Search Search through 33 Million+ Copyright records Copyright Owner Search Browse through the owners of copyrights registered Search Copyright by Category Browse through different categories of copyright works Business Incorporate your business today Incorporate your business with Start a Business Legal Forms for Business Form a LLC Popular option for business owners Form a C Corporation Best for big business establishments Form a S Corporation For growing businesses to save taxes Form a Non Profit For business focused on helping the world Beneficial Ownership Information Registration Ownership registration to meet CTA compliance Business Forms Real Estate Forms Family and Personal Forms Legal Forms Directory Amazon Services Helping brands sell more on ecommerce websites Skyrocket your ecommerce game with Get Started Accounts and Management Amazon Management Explore solutions to take your business to new levels Brand Protection Go-To Partner for Digital Marketing Brilliance & IP Protection Appeal for Reinstatement Revive your Amazon listing and reclaim your sales momentum Immigration Services Start your immigration & investment journey Start your Immigration Services Immigration Services Immigration Services Explore tailored U.S. immigration solutions with expert guidance, all in one trusted platform. Attorneys Pricing Resources Categories Useful Tools Tools to assist you with IP Protection FAQs Legal answers made simple News Know the latest industry news on IP Law Knowledge Hub Expert Trademark and IP guides Support Categories About Us Discover our story and mission Contact Us Connect with us today Need Help? Connect with us today Schedule Call Call Connect with us for legal assistance +1 (877) 794-9511 Email Need help? Drop us an email Email Us Whatsapp Need a quick help? Leave us a message Text Us Apply for Trademark Services Trademarks Protect your brand today Register your Trademark Trademark Registration Free Trademark Search Comprehensive Search International Trademarks Post Filing Services Trademark Renewal Trademark Revival Trademark Office Actions Trademark Statement of Use Trademark Extension of Use Trademark Oppositions Trademark Litigations Trademark Protection Brand Monitoring Trademark Ownership Transfer Cease and Desist Letter Trademark Certificate Trademarkia Marketplace Domain Dispute Resolution Name, Image & Likeness Patents File a patent today Start a Patent Application File a Provisional Patent For temporary protection upto 1 year from USPTO File a Design Patent Protects invention’s design and visual aspects File a Utility Patent Protects new machines, methods, processes of the invention Additional Patent Services Expedited Design Patent Best for faster and efficient protection for your design inventions Accelerated Utility Patent Quickly file patent applications for your ideas and inventions International Patents (PCT) Protect your ideas and inventions globally Copyrights Safeguard your creative ideas Start a Copyright Application Register your Copyright Protect your work or creations with us Free Copyright Search Search through 33 Million+ Copyright records Copyright Owner Search Browse through the owners of copyrights registered Search Copyright by Category Browse through different categories of copyright works Business Incorporate your business today Start a Business Form a LLC Popular option for business owners Form a C Corporation Best for big business establishments Form a S Corporation For growing businesses to save taxes Form a Non Profit For business focused on helping the world Beneficial Ownership Information Registration Ownership registration to meet CTA compliance Legal Forms for Business Business Forms Real Estate Forms Family and Personal Forms Legal Forms Directory Amazon Services Helping brands sell more on ecommerce websites Get Started Amazon Management Explore solutions to take your business to new levels Brand Protection Go-To Partner for Digital Marketing Brilliance & IP Protection Accounts and Management Appeal for Reinstatement Revive your Amazon listing and reclaim your sales momentum Immigration Services Start your immigration & investment journey Immigration Services Immigration Services Explore tailored U.S. immigration solutions with expert guidance, all in one trusted platform. Resources Useful Tools Tools to assist you with IP Protection FAQs Legal answers made simple News Know the latest industry news on IP Law Knowledge Hub Expert Trademark and IP guides Support About Us Discover our story and mission Contact Us Connect with us today Attorneys Pricing Call Connect with us for legal assistance +1 (877) 794-9511 Email Need help? Drop us an email Email Us Whatsapp Need a quick help? Leave us a message Text Us Guest Login Search over 12 million+ Trademarks for free World's Most Trusted Name in Trademark Registration. Trademark filing starts at $ 499 *. File Today! The world's most trusted company in Trademark Registration. Our best trademark filing starts at $ 499 *. File today Search Register your trademark in 3 simple steps Secure monopoly rights for your trademark. Start Filing Now! 1 Select trademark type Choose whether you want to trademark a Name, Logo, Sound or Slogan. 2 Trademark details Describe what products or services you offer. 3 Select countries Choose from 180+ countries to file your trademark in. Select US Trademark filing plan Entry $ 499 + govt fees Get started Watch service included Get free infringement alerts on your mark. $59/month (Free for 1 month) Get started Standard $ 599 + govt fees Get started Watch service not included Get started Recommended Premium $ 699 / class + govt fees Get started Watch service included Get free infringement alerts on your mark. $59/month (Free for 1 month) Comprehensive search included with common law search, and advisement on risks on a global basis from a U.S. licensed attorney. Get started Included in all plans U.S. Licensed Attorney creates customized pre-filing advisement letter for you. Personalized video advisement from U.S. licensed trademark attorney. Google Meet / Zoom video consultation with U.S. licensed attorney. Free Cease & Desist letter template. Dedicated and assigned client relations attorney to each client. U.S. Law firm assigned to you for opposition, litigation & watch legal advice. Free docketing of all international deadlines. Assistance with International trademarks. Global infringement and business risk assessment in 100 + countries. How much does a Trademark cost? Select a plan to start your Trademark Registration in the US Compare Trademark Registration Plans U.S. Licensed Attorney creates customized pre-filing advisement letter for you. Personalized video advisement from U.S. licensed trademark attorney. Google Meet / Zoom video consultation with U.S. licensed attorney. Comprehensive search included with common law search, and advisement on risks on a global basis from a U.S. licensed attorney. Watch service bundled Get free infringement alerts on your trademark. Free Cease & Desist letter template. Dedicated and assigned client relations attorney to each client. U.S. Law firm assigned to you for opposition, litigation & watch legal advice. Free docketing of all international deadlines. Assistance with International trademarks. Global infringement and business risk assessment in 100 + countries. Entry $ 499 + govt fees Get Started $59/month (Free for 1 month) 100+ Countries Standard $ 599 + govt fees Get Started 100+ Countries Recommended Premium $ 699 + govt fees Get Started $59/month (Free for 1 year) 100+ Countries Other trademark filing websites and law firms 10+ Countries Search for similar marks Before you start your trademark filing process, you can search to ensure that your trademark is available and unique. Trademarkia is the world's largest search engine for Trademarks. Start searching trademarks United States 4 Million+ Trademarks Canada 2 Million+ Trademarks European Union 2 Million+ Trademarks United Kingdom 2 Million+ Trademarks Explore trademarks filed by competing companies Search for when trademark owners file, abandon, or renew trademarks for free. Search Trademark registration with watch subscription $ 499 + Govt Fee * Register now File in 180+ countries Finish application in 5 minutes Pre-filing video advisement and video call with U.S attorney World's most trusted trademark service Patent filing starts from $899 + Govt Fee File a Patent now Business incorporation starts from $399 + Govt Fee Incorporate now Peace of mind promise with Trademark Insurance Insure your trademark for just $349. We guarantee that your trademark will get registered, or we'll refund our legal fees.* Start registering your trademark 200,000+ Trademarks since 2009 120,000+ Happy Customers 15+ Years in Service #1 Trademark filing firm Brand Growth Expert Rated 4.7/5 by 1000+ users 200,000+ trademarks registered by us See what our customers think about us With trademarkia.com it was fast, I was served with cordiality and a lot of professionalism, they know how to do everything. FABIO G. Thank you so much for your help with this trademark approval. Jason has been an amazing advocate for our Brand and am confident he will resolve our conflicting trademark positively for us. Thanks so much to Jason & Trademarkia. Susan H. My experience so far has been great. Raj is my Lawyer and so far everything is going as planned. I am in the beginning stages but when complete will follow up. Rachel D. Alexis is amazing! I couldn't be happier with the guidance and support that she has provided me through this process and I definitely couldn't have done it without her. Thank you and Alexis so much. Karen S Working with Trademarkia, our wonderful attorney, Alexis Campbell and having Tiffeena Kahn expedite this payment process has been a pleasure. Renee P. Trademarkia makes this trademark process easy and efficient. Michael Markos is so helpful Joseph M Great Customer Service From Attorney Alexis Campbell!..She Is Outstanding!..Many Thanks!.. Juan Pineda Sanchez Site was incredibly easy to use; I thought this process to apply for a trademark was complicated and involved a lot of information gathering..it was not. Fiona E. Excellent service! I’ve used trademarkia three times now and they’ve always been great. Very responsive customer service & pleasant to deal with. Straightforward process. Remmy Warren With trademarkia.com it was fast, I was served with cordiality and a lot of professionalism, they know how to do everything. FABIO G. Thank you so much for your help with this trademark approval. Jason has been an amazing advocate for our Brand and am confident he will resolve our conflicting trademark positively for us. Thanks so much to Jason & Trademarkia. Susan H. My experience so far has been great. Raj is my Lawyer and so far everything is going as planned. I am in the beginning stages but when complete will follow up. Rachel D. Alexis is amazing! I couldn't be happier with the guidance and support that she has provided me through this process and I definitely couldn't have done it without her. Thank you and Alexis so much. Karen S Working with Trademarkia, our wonderful attorney, Alexis Campbell and having Tiffeena Kahn expedite this payment process has been a pleasure. Renee P. Trademarkia makes this trademark process easy and efficient. Michael Markos is so helpful Joseph M Great Customer Service From Attorney Alexis Campbell!..She Is Outstanding!..Many Thanks!.. Juan Pineda Sanchez Site was incredibly easy to use; I thought this process to apply for a trademark was complicated and involved a lot of information gathering..it was not. Fiona E. Excellent service! I’ve used trademarkia three times now and they’ve always been great. Very responsive customer service & pleasant to deal with. Straightforward process. Remmy Warren Attorneys with you on every step Frequently Asked Questions How much does it cost to register my trademark? To register your trademark, you will need to pay legal preparation fees and government filing fees per country. For a typical trademark application in the United States, the standard rate fees start at $499 for legal fees per classification. Additionally, you will need to pay the government $350 for government filing fees per classification. During the evaluation of your trademark application by the government, if there are any challenges by the government or private parties because of potentially confusingly similar trademarks, you will need to pay an office action response fee if you wish for an attorney to draft a response on your behalf. Usually, this is between $279 and $899 depending on the complexity of the response required. Why register a trademark? The purpose of using a trademark is to uniquely identify your products or services to potential customers. Federal registration of a trademark helps prevent competitors of your business from stealing your business name, logo, or slogan. Registration also protects you against misappropriation by confusingly similar marks used by competitors. Protecting your unique name, logo, or slogan in the form of a trademark is one of the most important investments in your business. What is process to obtain a trademark registration? Once an application is filed, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) assigns an attorney to examine the proposed trademark. Under ideal circumstances, the process of registration takes around 6 months. The process can take several years if legal issues arise during the examination. If the trademark is approved, USPTO will issue either a Certificate of Registration (if you are already using the trademark) or a Notice of Allowance (if you intend to use the mark at a later date). Why is Trademarkia better than LegalZoom? When you choose Trademarkia, a licensed U.S. trademark attorney will manage your trademark filing. Trademarkia is the registered trade name of the law firm Trademarkia Venture Partners, and is the largest trademark filing law firm in the United States. For a relatively low cost, you can elect to have an attorney at Trademarkia represent you in filing a trademark application. ($499 + government fee for the trademark filing service). With Trademarkia you gain the expertise of an experienced trademark law firm in helping you get the best protection possible and defend your rights. More Frequently Asked Questions Recommended Trademark Resources Explore learning center Get your trademark today Thousands have protected their brand by filing a trademark. What are you waiting for? Start your trademark application World's #1 website to register your trademark and protect your brand, name, logo or slogan Social Links Trusted Reviews 4.7 /5 4.8 /5 Apply for trademark Schedule Consult See our plans and pricing Services Trademark Registration Comprehensive Trademark Search Trademark Services Trademark Classes International Trademark Registration File a Copyright Trademark Renewal Trademark Revival Statement of Use Trademark Litigation Trademark Opposition Trademark Cease and Desist Trademark Ownership Name, Image & Likeness Office Action Response Browse Top 300 Companies Search Free Trademark search Free Copyright Search Owner search Attorney Ranking Search Domain Search Resources News Frequently Asked Question Become An Influencer Bulk Data Rankings Company Ranking Law Firms Ranking Attorney Ranking Company About us Terms and Conditions Press Coverage Privacy Policy Sitemap Contact Call +1 (877) 794-9511 Email Leave a message © 2025 reserved by Trademarkia Disclaimer: The information contained in this website is provided for informational purposes only, and should not be construed as legal advice. Although Trademarkia is a law firm (the “Firm”), your use of this website does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the Firm. Such a relationship can only be established after the Firm decides that it is willing and able to accept the engagement after a conflict check and after a written retainer agreement is agreed upon between you and the Firm. Your use of this website is also subject to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.