International Domain & Trademark Registration Login to your account: View Cart New User Password Recovery Home About Us Trademarks Domains Search Domain Name Search Whois Domain Search Domain Help Center Trademark Search Class Search Trademark Help Center Website Search Contact Us English English Français Português Español x Welcome to Marcaria.com! Experience unparalleled trademark and domain registration services with us. As a world-renowned company, we serve individuals, small businesses, and multinational firms across over 180 countries and territories worldwide. International Trademark Registration International Domain Registration Trademark Registration Shortcuts America: Argentina - Brazil - Canada - Chile - Mexico - Panama - Paraguay - Peru - USA - Uruguay - More... Europe: Benelux - EU - France - Germany - Italy - Portugal - Spain - UK - Switzerland - More... Asia: China - Hong Kong - India - Japan - Malaysia - Singapore - South Korea - Taiwan - Thailand - More... Africa: Algeria - Angola - Morocco - South Africa - More... Oceania: Australia - New Zealand - Papua New Guinea - More... Mid. East: Afghanistan - Saudi Arabia - UAE - Israel - More... Treaties: Madrid System - EU - ARIPO - OAPI Domain Registration Shortcuts America: .ar .bo .br .ca .cl .co .cr .ec .mx .pa .pe .pr .us .uy .ve More... Europe: .at .ch .de .dk .es .eu .fr .gr .nl .pl .pt .ro .se .uk More… Asia: .ae .asia .bd .cn .hk .in .jp .kr .my .ph .pk .sg .th .tw .vn More… Africa: .cm .ke .ma .mu .tz .ug .za More… Oceania: .au .fj .nu .nz .pg .tv .ws More… Generic: .biz .com .net .org .tel .travel .tv More… N. gTLDs: .bike .guru .sexy .land .photos .global More… Trademark Services Features Best Prices Online tracking of the process Experienced Local Attorneys Legal Support in case of objection Trademark Watch Registration in more than 180 countries Domain Services Features Best prices FREE Email Accounts FREE URL & Email Forwarding FREE DNS Administration (A, MX, CNAME records) Accredited by ICANN and 130 other registries Registration in more than 1,200 extensions Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Patents Privacy Policy Articles News Trademark Support Trademark Search Domain Support Whois All rights reserved Marcaria.com. Copyright © 2001-2025 International Domain Registration Marcaria.com is an ICANN-accredited domain registrar (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers), and an official domain registrar in more than 130 geographic extensions (ccTLDs) and in 500 new generic extensions (gTLDs). We offer domain registration services in more than 180 countries with more than 1,200 extensions available. We specialize in international domain registration. For instance, in the Americas: .pe (Peru), .cl (Chile), .com.ar (Argentina), .br (Brazil). In Europe: .es (Spain), .se (Sweden), .it (Italy), .ie (Ireland). In Asia and the Middle East: .com.lb (Lebanon), .asia (Asia), .cn (China), .ae (United Arab Emirates), .vn (Vietnam). All registrations include free URL forwarding, web site builder and free DNS record management (A, MX, CNAME). We also offer trustee and trademark registration services, which may be required for some country extensions. Domain Management: Our online interface gives users complete control over their entire domain portfolio, allowing them to: Update DNS servers. Update DNS records (A, MX, CNAME). Set up URL and email forwarding. Ensure the domain remains registered. Marcaria.com notifies clients of upcoming renewals via email well in advance of the due date. Hosting Services: Clients seeking hosting plans that align with their unique requirements can benefit from the services provided by Marcaria.com.  We provide reliable hardware and the latest software to ensure that your website works quickly and with maximum stability, along with expert support staff to guarantee systems remain online and working properly. Support is available 24/5. International Trademark Registration Marcaria.com provides trademark registration and protection services in more than 180 countries and territories, and adheres to all trademark treaties, such as the European Union (CTM), ARIPO and OAPI. As experts in this field, we specialize in streamlining the process for you with seamless service spread across different regions spanning the Americas, Asia, Europe, Oceania and Africa. Our trademark attorneys work closely with clients on a one-on-one basis at various locations while ensuring speedy processing times. The equivalent effort required from you is reduced significantly thanks to our easy-to-follow three-step process: Trademark Search Comprehensive Study Registration Request Registration Certificate Throughout the registration process, clients receive regular online updates about the registration process. These services can be purchased together or separately depending on the client’s needs. Trademark Management: Our online customer interface provides our clients with a list of all trademarks that they have filed with us, including detailed information such as filing numbers, filing dates, and registration numbers. Moreover, the system is designed to send out crucial reminders, including statement of use deadlines, renewal dates, and other important notifications. Trademark Renewals: In a timely manner, Marcaria.com efficiently manages trademark renewals with the help of an Account Manager. This dedicated professional keeps track of all registration dates and dutifully reminds clients about upcoming renewal deadlines and associated fees. Trademark Watch: By reviewing trademark registration requests during the Publication stage, our service enables you to file an opposition on time in case there is a potential trademark infringement with your own trademark.