TradeStation | Online Trading And Brokerage Services Individual Institutional Fintech & Developer Support Contact us Live chat FAQs Call me back Trading Products Overview Stocks Options Futures Futures Options ETFs Mutual Funds Platforms & Tools Introduction Desktop Web Trading Mobile Apps FuturesPlus Simulated Trading Order Execution Quality API Third-Party Tools Accounts Accounts Home Individual & Joint Retirement Entity Funding Instructions Private Brokerage Institutional Fully Paid Stock Lending Margin Trading Subscriptions Pricing Commissions Margin Rates Service Fees Futures Margin Rates Options Margin Requirements Promotions Learn Learn Home New to Trading Using TradeStation Getting Started Options Education Futures Education Master Class Events FAQs Support Forum Retirement Planning Insights Market Insights Insights AI Sign in Open account Trading Products Overview Stocks Options Futures Futures Options ETFs Mutual Funds Platforms & Tools Introduction Desktop Web Trading Mobile Apps FuturesPlus Simulated Trading Order Execution Quality API Third-Party Tools Accounts Accounts Home Individual & Joint Retirement Entity Funding Instructions Private Brokerage Institutional Fully Paid Stock Lending Margin Trading Subscriptions Pricing Commissions Margin Rates Service Fees Futures Margin Rates Options Margin Requirements Promotions Learn Learn Home New to Trading Using TradeStation Getting Started Options Education Futures Education Master Class Events FAQs Support Forum Retirement Planning Insights Market Insights Insights AI Support Contact us Live chat FAQs Call me back Open account Sign in Destiny brought you here. Your skill will keep you here. Just like you, trading is in our DNA. Open account Experience Decades of trading innovation and development Quality Fast and reliable trading is our foundation Service Professional and knowledgeable support Value Institutional-grade tools for your strategy Who we can support Sophisticated traders Craft, test, and execute your trading strategies with our award-winning¹ trading software , featuring modern analysis tools, deep charting capabilities, extensive customization, and much more. Open account Institutions As a global, self-clearing, direct-market-access firm, we provide trading and brokerage solutions to multiple types of clients. Plus, our technology is available via our APIs. Learn more Private Brokerage – service without compromise Spend more time focusing on refining your strategy with Private Brokerage, an elevated trading experience for the most-active market tacticians. Top-tier service, personalized experiences, exclusive access, and more await. Take a peek How we assist traders Stocks Options Futures Futures options ETFs Mutual funds Advanced platforms APIs Individual & entity accounts Market insights Simulated trading Live events The latest news at your fingertips AI, Datacenter Unwinds Continue as Oracle Slides Worries about Oracle weighed on several companies exposed to datacenter investment... What Are Eurex’s DAX and Euro Bund Futures? Global markets trade almost around the clock, and many active traders follow price action overseas before the U.S. session begins... Trading with Confidence in HUB TradeStation HUB is a browser‑based workspace that lets you see positions, manage orders, and place new trades from a single, streamlined view ... Craft a Trading Experience That Works Like You Do Powerful layouts, advanced tools, and unlimited personalization, built for serious traders. Open Account *Statistics provided by S3 Matching Technologies LP, an independent company that is not affiliated with TradeStation Securities Inc. Data shown for Q1 2025 calendar year. **As of March 31, 2023 based on an annual calculation using internal TradeStation customer service data. Statistical outliers (including erroneous calls and disconnected lines) have been removed to provide a better representation of a typical customer experience. 1 Visit www.TradeStation.com/Awards to learn more. ID3095042 D0324 P4023843481 TRADESTATION TradeStation, 8050 SW 10th Street, Plantation, FL 33342, USA. FINRA’s BrokerCheck Why TradeStation Overview Awards & Recognition Press & News Careers ESG & Sustainability Learn Overview New to trading Using TradeStation Getting started Options Education Masterclass Events FAQs Retirement Planning Support Live chat Funding instructions Contact us Support forum Call back Important documents Security center Privacy Notice Accessibility statement Agreements & Disclosures Site map Past performance, whether actual or indicated by historical tests of strategies, is no guarantee of future performance or success. There is a possibility that you may sustain a loss equal to or greater than your entire investment regardless of which asset class you trade (equities, options, or futures); therefore, you should not invest or risk money that you cannot afford to lose. Online trading is not suitable for all investors. View the document titled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Before trading any asset class, customers must read the relevant risk disclosure statements on our Agreements and Disclosures page. System access and trade placement and execution may be delayed or fail due to market volatility and volume, quote delays, system and software errors, Internet traffic, outages and other factors. Securities and futures trading is offered to customers by TradeStation Securities, Inc. (“TradeStation Securities”), a broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a futures commission merchant registered with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). TradeStation Securities is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), the National Futures Association ( NFA ), and the following exchanges: Cboe BYX Exchange, Inc. , Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. , Cboe EDGA Exchange, Inc. , Cboe EDGX Exchange, Inc. , the Investors Exchange LLC (IEX) , NYSE American LLC , NYSE Arca Equities , Nasdaq BX, Inc. , the Nasdaq Stock Market , the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) , ICE Futures U.S. , and the CME Group , which includes the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. (CME) , the Commodity Exchange, Inc. (COMEX) , and the New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. (NYMEX) . TradeStation Securities is a Trading Privilege Holder (TPH) of Cboe Futures Exchange, LLC (CFE) . TradeStation Securities has a “Carrying Broker” agreement with Wedbush Securities Inc., a Domestic and Foreign Carrying Broker, to clear transactions with exchanges at which TradeStation Securities is not a member, including Cboe Futures Exchange, LLC (CFE) , Eurex and ICE Futures Europe . TradeStation Securities is a member of SIPC , which protects securities customers of its members up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims for cash). TradeStation Securities’ SIPC coverage is available only for securities and for cash held in connection with the purchase or sale of securities, in equities and equities options accounts. Explanatory brochure available upon request or at www.sipc.org. TradeStation Securities, Inc. and TradeStation Technologies, Inc. are each wholly owned subsidiaries of TradeStation Group, Inc., both operating, and providing products and services, under the TradeStation brand and trademark. When applying for, or purchasing, accounts, subscriptions, products and services, it is important that you know which company you will be dealing with. Please click here for further important information explaining what this means. © 2025 TradeStation. All rights reserved. Chat Offline