Tradeshift | E-Invoicing software | Global compliance and clearance Search Search Search for: Submit en English Français 日本語 العربية Contact Login Login Tradeshift Platform Tradeshift Go Solutions Column 1 Accounts Payable software e-Invoicing and AP Automation Platform AI-powered AP Automation Conversational AI Analytics Column 2 Global Compliance Compliance for e-Invoicing Software French e-Invoicing Mandate | PA registered French e-Invoicing Mandate | PA immatriculée | en français Column 3 For finance & procurement Procure to Pay Virtual Credit Cards B2B Marketplace Column 4 For sellers e-Invoicing Virtual Credit Cards For IT B2B EDI integration platform Resources Column 1 Resources AP Automation Compliance AI Column 2 Customer Stories Hear about our customers’ challenges and how we worked in partnership to resolve Column 3 Trending Topics Benchmark your AP KPIs against the industry – Ardent Partners Report French e-Invoicing Mandate 🇸🇦 CEO view on KSA Learn AP Automation E-Invoicing E-Invoicing Compliance Company Column 1 About Tradeshift – our mission, history and exec team Elite Partner Programme Sustainability Careers Support Column 1 Support Contact support or submit help ticket Knowledge Base Use AskAda for Sellers Column 2 Most Viewed Questions Supplier Subscriptions Getting Started with Tradeshift Documents Uploader Sent an Invoice by Mistake Add more users to my account How to use AskAda for Sellers Integrate Developer Center Contact Support Column 3 Contact Support Request demo Solutions Column 1 Accounts Payable software e-Invoicing and AP Automation Platform AI-powered AP Automation Conversational AI Analytics Column 2 Global Compliance Compliance for e-Invoicing Software French e-Invoicing Mandate | PA registered French e-Invoicing Mandate | PA immatriculée | en français Column 3 For finance & procurement Procure to Pay Virtual Credit Cards B2B Marketplace Column 4 For sellers e-Invoicing Virtual Credit Cards For IT B2B EDI integration platform Resources Column 1 Resources AP Automation Compliance AI Column 2 Customer Stories Hear about our customers’ challenges and how we worked in partnership to resolve Column 3 Trending Topics Benchmark your AP KPIs against the industry – Ardent Partners Report French e-Invoicing Mandate 🇸🇦 CEO view on KSA Learn AP Automation E-Invoicing E-Invoicing Compliance Company Column 1 About Tradeshift – our mission, history and exec team Elite Partner Programme Sustainability Careers Support Column 1 Support Contact support or submit help ticket Knowledge Base Use AskAda for Sellers Column 2 Most Viewed Questions Supplier Subscriptions Getting Started with Tradeshift Documents Uploader Sent an Invoice by Mistake Add more users to my account How to use AskAda for Sellers Integrate Developer Center Contact Support Column 3 Contact Support Request demo We can make you globally e-Invoicing compliant It’s our customers’ number 1 issue Don’t risk fines and reputational damage Act now to beat the deadlines DEADLINE 1 September 2026 DEADLINE 1 January 2026 DEADLINE February 2026 Save money through AP automation Learn more Become fully e-Invoicing compliant Learn more 15 years of operations 90% reduction in invoice transaction costs 10 million invoice documents monthly 69 countries covered for compliance Some of our customers Exclusive On-demand Webinar with Air France Less than a year to go before electronic invoicing becomes mandatory The 2026 deadline is approaching: are you ready? Watch an interactive session (in French language) with Tradeshift experts to discover feedback, technical updates, practical advice, and a strategic vision for the future. Watch now Raphaël Brès Chief Product and Technology Officer Tradeshift Sandy Wauthier Senior Software Development Engineer Tradeshift Eugénie Garnier Senior Customer Success Manager Tradeshift Carolyne Lecomte Senior Engagement Manager Tradeshift Hubert de Dampierre Directeur transformation finance / compta Air France Nassime Amrouni Chef de projet Air France Belgium’s e-Invoicing deadline is 4 months away If you’re not 100% ready for 1 January 2026, we can help Certified Peppol access point since 2014 We have two different solutions for Belgium compliance, depending on your needs Go to our Belgium compliance page On-demand Webinar: 7 Crucial Things to Know About Peppol This webinar will walk you through 7 crucial things to know about Peppol, providing a clear, practical overview of how it works, where it’s being adopted, and what it means for your compliance and e-invoicing journey. Watch now Dan Young Solutions Consulting Head Tradeshift Didier Lombard Business Development Manager Open Peppol Julien Gobiet Project Manager Tradeshift “Babelway” Susie West Founder & CEO sharedserviceslink Our customers tend to have ... Complex processes High invoice volumes Facing increasingly urgent compliance and clearance deadlines Replacement of multiple local legacy vendors/systems with single global solution Multiple ERP systems Tricky matching needs and customisations Large numbers of sellers to onboard Operations in many countries Highly rated by leading solution intelligence source Why shortlist Tradeshift? Unlike many other providers, our core focus is only AP automation and e-Invoice compliance. The vast majority of our global customers require extensive customisation—and that is precisely where we shine. Your suppliers are onboarded with their first invoice and they don't need to sign up to the Tradeshift platform. Easy in-platform messaging between buyers and suppliers aids collaboration and efficiency. More cost effective on compliance set up. We have our own compliance middleware with pre-configured connectors per compliance country. As both buyers and sellers are on our platform, invoices can be enriched with additional data fields. Compliance Compliance. Compliance. Compliance. With many government-mandated deadlines fast approaching, it’s a huge focus for us, and our customers. We’re experts in global e-Invoicing compliance and clearance. Our e-Invoicing automation software manages compliance in 69 countries, including France, Germany and China. We are one of the first software platforms to receive the PDP registered status in France. 69 e-invoicing compliance countries covered 12 clearance countries covered PDP registered in France Compliance See a demo of our e-Invoice compliance platform French compliance German compliance with Tradeshift Go to Compliance main page Resources for compliance See all Compliance resources Outbound E-Invoicing Guide 2025: Global Mandates & Tax Compliance Download the definitive white paper on Outbound E-Invoicing. Learn how to navigate clearance models, global tax mandates, and Peppol compliance to future-proof your finance operations. Learn More > Belgium’s new 3-month tolerance period: Why you must start your compliance journey now Belgium's B2B e-invoicing mandate starts January 1, 2026. A 3-month tolerance period is available,  but only for companies that start their compliance journey before the deadline. Read More > The UK confirms its 2029 e-Invoicing mandate: What the new announcement means for businesses The UK will introduce mandatory e-invoicing in 2029. Learn the timeline, expected requirements, and how early industry involvement, including Tradeshift,  is helping shape the final framework. Read More > Tradeshift Featured by the Invoicing Hub “Le Grand Benchmark des Plateformes Agréées” 2nd edition Tradeshift is featured in The Invoicing Hub's Grand Benchmark - 2nd Edition report. Discover why Tradeshift is the most advanced and trusted choice, with production-ready Flow 2 & Flow 3 capabilities, and Air France as a named customer success. Read More > Go to Compliance main page HSBC's joint venture with Tradeshift The new tech company, Semfi by HSBC, is a joint venture with Tradeshift Semfi will embed HSBC solutions in Tradeshift’s e-Invoicing and AP automation platform. Find out more AP Automation Reduce costs and errors with AI-powered AP automation and e-Invoicing digitisation Eliminate manual errors, lower transaction costs by 90%, remove re-keying Fully integrates with your existing ERPs Highly customisable to your unique needs AP and AR (outbound e-Invoicing) Uses the latest AI to improve performance Get Product Data Sheet 90% reduction in invoice transaction costs 70% faster invoice processing time 3m hours of manual work saved for our customers last year 2.15x higher straight-through process rates AP Automation Our e-Invoicing and AP automation platform run through Supplier onboarding First-invoice onboarding makes digital transacting easy from day one. Invoice capture Automatically capture invoices from multiple sources, such as—  e-Invoicing, PDF, OCR, or PO-flip submission. Watch a demo > Data extraction and validation Multi-way matching and validation ensure that invoices received comply with your business rules, minimising errors. Approval workflows Invoices are automatically routed based on predefined rules, speeding up the process. Compliance & auditing Tradeshift maintains an audit trail and ensures compliance with local  e-Invoicing regulations. Real-time insights Custom dashboards deliver visibility into approvals, payments, and spend. Go to our AP Automation main page AP KPIs Are you average or best-in-class? Industry benchmark data from our friends at Ardent Partners. See how you stack up against peers for: Invoice processing cost Invoice processing time Invoice exception rate Straight through processing rate You can also use this data to build your business case for (further) e-Invoicing and AP automation. See the benchmark data now Available now for all our buyer customers AI-powered Reporting & Analytics app, gives buyers unprecedented control over AP data Big data insights Zero complexity All in seconds See the reports now Just Released The State of ePayables 2025–AP’s Unfinished Journey Read for free now AP automation resources See all AP Automation resources Ardent Partners: State of ePayables 2025 Download Ardent Partners' 20th annual ePayables report. See how Best-in-Class AP teams achieve 79% faster processing and strategic transformation. Learn More > Webinar: State of ePayables 2025: AP’s Unfinished Journey Benchmark your AP team against Best-in-Class. Get data on AI adoption, global e-invoicing mandates, and key strategies for AP success in 2025. Watch Ardent Partners and Tradeshift present the key findings from the latest research report, The State of ePayables 2025: AP’s Unfinished Journey. Watch Now > Disneyland Paris In this video interview, NHS SBS customer Stephen Sutcliffe, Director of Finance & Accounting shares his experience in the transformational process to P2P, challenges overcome and benefits gained by partnering with Tradeshift. Read More > Why Santa uses Tradeshift Procure to Pay software A true(ish) story of North Pole efficiency with Tradeshift’s Procure to Pay software Ever wondered how Santa manages his massive… Read More > Go to AP Automation main page Our customer view “Our vision was to standardise how we received digital documents across our entire supplier base. Investing in this partnership and this project with Tradeshift was a good decision. We’ve found Tradeshift to be a very responsive partner.” “We want to make sure that suppliers have a great experience. For many of them, it’s a big change. Really easy-to-use technology is a must, and that’s certainly what we get with Tradeshift.” “The benefits of working with Tradeshift include freeing up your AP team to be more strategic by automating their more mundane tasks. Tradeshift’s platform also help improve communication with suppliers and makes document handling more efficient and transparent.” “Tradeshift is a very modern solution and that means you can adapt it to suit your business needs as you grow. There are a lot of different applications available on the platform which we can use to enhance our way of working with suppliers and make it easier to process our invoices.” We’re fully international in our solutions, operations, customer support, and e-Invoicing compliance coverage Find out more It’s better to see it See e-Invoicing and compliance demos, discussions and best practice on our YouTube channel. Go to YouTube Products Pay: AP Automation e-Invoicing for Global Compliance Go: Business Credit Cards B2B EDI Integration French e-Invoicing Mandate Learn AP Automation e-Invoicing e-Invoicing Compliance Resources Supplier Onboarding Training Blog – Home Events & Webinars Customer Stories Support Supplier Subscriptions Submit a request Developer Center Knowledge Base Send documents to Tradeshift Company Elite Partner Programme About Tradeshift Sustainable supply chain Careers Contact Us Language English Français ( French ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) العربية ( Arabic ) Tradeshift Privacy Policies Terms of Service Terms of use Communication preferences Cookie policy Accessibility © 2025 Tradeshift Holdings, Inc. or a Tradeshift affiliate company. Site by Red Branch Media, Inc. Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Decline Optional Cookies Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage consent