Why TrafficJunky? Advertiser Resources Contact Us TJ Academy
LOG IN SIGN UP
Advertise on the World's
Top Adult Sites

Pornhub receives 133 million visitors daily on average.
TrafficJunky serves an average of 4.63 billion ad impressions daily.

Your customers are on Pornhub, so why aren't you?

Sign Up Learn more
Become an
Advertiser!
High volumes of targeted traffic!

Grow the number of sales and quality leads to your business. Get an extensive reach to your target audience with a high volume of ad impressions served daily across our network. Pay only for the impressions you need.

Tailored online global marketing!

Tailor each ad buy and select the specific placements that will put the right ad in front of the right customer for your product. Target world wide traffic, specific countries or cities - the choice is always yours.

Flexible Ad serving platform!

Your ads will be displayed to the right customers. Our fully automated ad serving platform will help you reach your goals and yield the results you want for your ecommerce business.

How It Works
Media Kit

This document provides an overview of TrafficJunky's Advertising and premium inventory. Get to know about our ad formats, TJ DSP, top verticals, the TJ experience, and some of our latest stats. Reaching a global audience is just a few clicks away.

Download Now
Get started now!
Grow Your Online Business Opportunities!
Attract new website visitors and grow your online sales with TrafficJunky.
SIGN UP
Why TrafficJunky?
Benefits
Traffic Statistics
Mobile Advertising
Networks
Careers
 
Advertiser
TrafficJunky DSP
Exchange
Ad Formats
Targeting Features
Referral Program
 
Resources
Download Media Kit
Brand Guide
FAQ
Events & Press
 
Contact Us
Accessibility
EU DSA
 
TJ Academy
Follow us on: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram
Terms of Use Rules & Regulations Privacy Notice CSAM Policy Cookie Settings Cookie Notice Sitemap
We use cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to run our Website (essential cookies). We use Analytics, Functionality and Targeting cookies to analyze our Website's traffic, optimize your experience, personalize content and serve targeted advertisements.

You can switch off cookies at any time by visiting the Manage Cookies option at the footer of the page.

Learn more in our Cookie Notice. For more information about how we process your personal data, please refer to our Privacy Notice.

Accept All
Accept Only
Essential
Customize