Home - Trains × Action may be required on your Trains.com account in order to continue accessing content. Click here to learn more. Skip to content Modeling & Railroads Modeling How To Track Plan Database Layouts Model Train Layouts Toy Train Layouts Completed Indoor Layouts Restoration & Repair Build a Model or Structure Track Planning Structures Garden Railroads Expert Tips Railroads Locomotives Railroad Profiles History Fallen Flags Timelines Prototype Railroads Rosters Stories: The Way It Was Operations Railfanning News and Reviews Trains Pro Product & Hobby News Product Reviews Staff Reviews Member Reviews Video Reviews Book Reviews Digital Railroading Community Forums Blogs Events Clubs Trains 4 Kids Videos & Photos Videos Series How To Layout Visits Member Videos Webcams Photos Photo of the Day Photo Galleries Beginners Q&A with the Editors About Us Ask Trains ABCs of Railroading Free Downloads FAQs Magazines All Subscription Plans Why Join Issue Previews Archives Special Issue Archives New Special Issues Sign In Join Brands Sign In × Sign In New User? Create an account Why Sign In? Subscribers, sign in to access exclusive content. Unlimited Members, sign in to enjoy sitewide access. Email Email is Required Password Password is Required Sign In Forgot password? Contact Support Register Join Newsletters Shop Subscribe Search Submit Search Modeling & Railroads Modeling How To Track Plan Database Layouts Model Train Layouts Toy Train Layouts Completed Indoor Layouts Restoration & Repair Build a Model or Structure Track Planning Structures Garden Railroads Expert Tips Railroads Locomotives Railroad Profiles History Fallen Flags Timelines Prototype Railroads Rosters Stories: The Way It Was Operations Railfanning News and Reviews Trains Pro Product & Hobby News Product Reviews Staff Reviews Member Reviews Video Reviews Book Reviews Digital Railroading Community Forums Blogs Events Clubs Trains 4 Kids Videos & Photos Videos Series How To Layout Visits Member Videos Webcams Photos Photo of the Day Photo Galleries Beginners Q&A with the Editors About Us Ask Trains ABCs of Railroading Free Downloads FAQs Magazines All Subscription Plans Why Join Issue Previews Archives Special Issue Archives New Special Issues The Latest in Modeling & Railroads Join the Unlimited Membership to experience all of what trains.com has to offer. Intercity Trains Pro Investigation begins into fatal Interoceanic Train crash Today’s News Dec 31, 2025 9 hours ago Light Rail Trains Pro Light rail collision with pickup in Phoenix sends four on train to hospital, kills vehicle driver 9 hours ago Class I Trains Pro Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern outline yard and terminal expansion projects 9 hours ago Class I Trains Pro Trains’ top stories of 2025: No. 1, the Union Pacific-Norfolk Southern merger See More Popular Articles Beginners Model Railroader Getting Started in Model Railroading: The Beginner’s Guide Trains Magazine Trains Magazine Diesels destined for scrap Locomotives Classic Trains Grand Trunk Western steam: America’s last real show Expert Tips Classic Toy Trains 7 ways to add more realism to your layout Beginners New to the hobby? We have all the railroad and modeling basics you'll need. Learn More Digital Membership Unlimited members get full access to our content library. Start your free trial today Free Trial Newsletter Receive free email newsletters from the Trains.com family of brands. Sign Up Recent News & Reviews Dec 31, 2025 Top Categories Show more News Wire Product and Hobby News Reviews All News & Reviews Popular Topics Railfanning Preservation Toy train repairs Model railroading how-tos 6 days ago Staff Reviews Model Railroader Athearn Genesis HO EMD FP45 review Dec/24/2025 News Model Railroader Bachmann HO Amtrak Acela II set Dec/24/2025 Staff Reviews Model Railroader Rapido Trains HO SD10 diesel locomotive Dec/23/2025 News Model Railroader Atlas HO REA steel express reefer Dec/22/2025 News Model Railroader News & Products for the week of December 22nd 2025 Dec/19/2025 News Model Railroader Broadway Limited HO EMD F7 and F9 diesels Dec/19/2025 News Classic Toy Trains Holiday layout display event in Delaware Dec/17/2025 Product Reviews Classic Toy Trains Lionel No. 7-12124 Battery-Powered Harry Potter Train Set Join the conversation! Visit our Community to participate in online forums or view the latest blogs. Forums Blogs Introducing the Trains.com Unlimited Membership As an Unlimited Member, you’ll get complete access to all content on Trains.com from our family of brands, PLUS thousands of issues in the magazine archives, our all-new video series and workshops, live webcams, behind-the-scenes events and tours, and more! Start Your 30-Day Free Trial Why Join Video Series & Workshops All Videos Watch and Learn: From how-tos and tips to railroad and layout visits, our experts have you covered. To get the full experience, unlock access to all videos with the Unlimited Trains.com Membership. Staff Reviews Trains Rapido Trains HO SD10 diesel locomotive Staff Reviews Trains Atlas Classic HO EMD GP7 Cody's Office Trains Cody’s Office | December 2025 Staff Reviews Trains Rapido Trains HO GE C36-7 diesel locomotive Staff Reviews Trains WalthersProto HO EMD GP7 diesel locomotive Staff Reviews Trains ScaleTrains HO scale BN GP39E Cody's Office Trains Cody’s Office | November 2025 Staff Reviews Trains Athearn Genesis HO EMD FP45 Previous Next Photo Galleries All Photos Whether you're browsing for fun or looking for layout inspiration, we have thousands of trains images dating from the 1940s to present. Photo of the Day Photo of the Day Classic Trains West Side Heisler Photo of the Day Classic Trains Ma & Pa six-wheel switcher More from Trains.com Photo of the Day Classic Trains West Side Heisler Photo of the Day Classic Trains Ma & Pa six-wheel switcher Get the latest from Trains Magazine North America's leading train magazine for over 80 years. January 2026 Explore this issue Featured In this issue Call to action A Santa Fe public relations manager makes the author’s day The long road to positive train control Developing a revolutionary, evolutionary operating system New duty for an Army steam locomotive The SMS Lines revive an 0-6-0 for its Woodstown Central Shop our Trains.com Store Members enjoy 15% off any purchase in our store. Join Toda y ! Amtrak's History Through Its Equipment This book brings to life the evolution of the U.S. national passenger rail system, from its patchwork beginnings to today’s high-speed locomotives and cars. Fallen Flags: Southern Pacific Remembered This tribute to one of the most iconic railroads in history features in-depth stories, captivating photography, and rare insights into the Southern Pacific system. Union Pacific Family Tree Pint Glass Union Pacific railroad family tree, which dates back to the original transcontinental railroad. Trains Across America 2026 Calendar You can enjoy moving trains in breathtaking scenes across the country in this exclusive railroading calendar from Trains magazine! Shop Trains.com Store Stay updated Get updates and special offers via email from Trains.com brands! Get Updates Railroads & Locomotives Community Photos & Videos Train Basics Classic Trains Magazine Our Sites Trains Trains Pro Model Railroader Classic Toy Trains Classic Trains Garden Railways Account Sign In Support Contact About us Join Us Subscribe Join Newsletters Advertise With Us Do Not Sell © 2025 Firecrown Media Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Explore more sites The Trains Store Finescale Modeler The Space Store Astronomy