Trailhead | The fun way to learn Skip to main content From 16:00 UTC on January 17, 2026, to 20:00 UTC on January 17, 2026, we will perform planned maintenance on the Trailhead, myTrailhead, and Trailblazer Community sites. During the maintenance, these sites will be unavailable, and users won't be able to access them. Please plan your activities around this required maintenance. Skill up for the Agentforce era with Trailhead Learn in-demand skills for free to drive your company and career forward. Anyone can get hands-on experience building intuitive AI agents that handle everyday tasks, enhance the customer experience, and create business impact. Be an Agentblazer and transform how work gets done. Sign Up Login Learn the skills companies need Experiential Learning Get hands-on experience with Salesforce products and AI agent technology to understand the functionality so you can work smarter. Gamified Platform Get rewarded with points and badges when you learn new skills. Climb the Trailblazer Ranks to showcase your expertise. Content for All Levels Whether you're brand new to Salesforce or a seasoned pro, Trailhead has learning across every role and level empowering you to keep pace with innovation and succeed. Earn Agentblazer Status. Build the future. Agentblazers have the skills and the vision to transform how work gets done in the agentic AI era. And companies need Agentblazers who can leverage the power of AI and Agentforce to turn vision into reality. With Trailhead, you can earn Agentblazer Status to highlight your skills and hands-on experience building autonomous agents to create a digital workforce. Advance through the levels from Champion to Legend to learn how to drive agentic change in your organization and achieve your career goals. Earn Agentblazer Status Explore All Agentforce Learning Hear from fellow Trailblazers Trailhead is my go-to resource for hands-on experience with Agentforce. I've learned the skills needed to improve efficiency and deliver better customer satisfaction with AI agents. Aaron McGriff Sr. Administrator, IBM View Profile Through Trailhead, I gained a solid understanding of Agentforce, the ability to build my first agent, and the skills to deliver greater value to our customers. Zarina Varley Scott Associate Salesforce Consultant, Brightmark View Profile Becoming Salesforce certified has transformed my career. And with additional certifications, I now hold the knowledge to leverage AI technology, including how to handle AI and data ethically. Gaurav Kheterpal Founder & CEO, Vanshiv Technologies View Profile Learn with interactive content Build the in-demand Agentforce, data, and CRM skills that empower you to achieve more with less. Create your own learning journey with AI-powered recommendations and guided pathways on Trailhead. Grow your expertise with bite-sized modules, hands-on practice, and real-world scenarios. Start Learning Connect with Trailblazers Tap into an amazing network of millions who help each other learn and succeed with the global Trailblazer Community. Share knowledge, ask questions, and solve problems with the help of Salesforce customers, partners, employees, and product specialists. From Agentblazers to Datablazers and beyond, there’s a community for you. Join the Community Earn globally-recognized certifications Validate your knowledge, highlight your skills, and prove your hands-on expertise with 60+ Salesforce Certifications. Earn certifications to grow your resume and open the door to new possibilities. Explore Certifications Trailhead GO Learn new skills and connect with Trailblazers from anywhere. Download the Trailhead GO mobile app for iOS or Android today. Download Now