Transmission Skip
         Navigation Transmission Home Download Add-Ons Community Report a bug Developer
                        & Contributor Discussions Community forum Donate GitHub Transmission A Fast, Easy and Free Bittorrent Client For macOS, Windows and Linux Download v4.0.6 stable Release Notes It's fast, it's extremely lightweight, and — even though it's available for a variety of platforms — it behaves just as you'd expect a Mac program to. Macworld, naming Transmission a Mac Gem Easy & Powerful Transmission is designed for easy, powerful use. We've set the
                     defaults to just work and it only takes a few clicks to configure advanced features like watch
                     directories, bad peer blocklists, and the web interface. When Ubuntu chose Transmission as its
                     default BitTorrent client, one of the most-cited reasons was its easy learning curve. Native for Your System Unlike many cross-platform applications, Transmission integrates
                     seamlessly with your operating system. Transmission on macOS is a truly native and
                     polished experience. This isn't some cross-platform app that treats macOS as an afterthought. With
                     a sleek and simple interface, Transmission meets or exceeds Apple UI standards while using native
                     features. v4.0 is Apple Silicon Native! The
                     Qt-based Windows UI has been modernized and is fully Windows 11 ready. The GTK
                     interface has been carefully written to follow the GNOME Human Interface Guidelines and features. Lightweight & Lightning Fast Transmission has one of the lowest memory & resource footprints of any major BitTorrent client. Transmission's light overhead is one reason why it is so well suited for home NAS and media servers. Having been used by Western Digital, Zyxel and Belkin, Transmission gives truly impressive performance on almost any compatible hardware. Open Source & Privacy Focused Transmission is an open source, volunteer-based project. Unlike
                     some BitTorrent clients, Transmission doesn't play games with its users to make money. We don't bundle toolbars, pop-up ads, flash ads, twitter
                     tools, or anything else. It doesn't hold some features back for a payware version. We don't track
                     our users. Our website and forums have no third-party ads or analytics. Sleek & Feature Rich The features you want from
                     a BitTorrent client with an easy-to-use interface: privacy protection, a web interface, full peer
                     communications, tracker editing, speed limits, and more. Download v4.0.6 stable Transmission Home Download Add-Ons Community Report a bug Developer
                        & Contributor Discussions Community forum Donate GitHub