⭐ Data Rights Unwrapped 2025 is here, celebrating billions of choices honored. Learn more.
Products
Solutions
Resources
Docs
Log in
Get a demo
Unblock privacy. Unleash growth.

Transcend is the privacy infrastructure powering the world’s leading brands—unlocking AI, personalized experiences, customer engagement, and growth with speed and confidence.

What's your work email?
Get a demo

By entering your details, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Transcend as described in our Data Practices and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Consented data drives growth. Download the research.
Sherry J.
Privacy
Zahir M.
Marketing
Google Ads
Active
DISCOVERED
0K
Objects
STATUS
0%
Classified
0%
Pending
0
%

of site traffic regulated

Sampled over the last 7 days

Name
Email Opt Out
Purpose
Marketing
Who does this workflow apply to?
Customer
Add Consent Workflow
Trusted by leading brands
YOUR PRIVACY WORK IS HARD BECAUSE…
Your data systems weren’t built for it.

Data sprawl and disconnected systems hinder compliance, block growth, increase risk, and slow execution. Most companies still treat privacy as a checkbox as opposed to a growth lever. 

That’s outdated thinking.

PRIVACY, REINVENTED
Transcend is your real-time permissioning layer to unlock user data

Transcend integrates directly into data and vendor ecosystems—automating data and consumer preference governance in real time, across every system and every user interaction.

Update preferences
Give consent
Delete my data
Customer identity & access management tools
Customer engagement platforms
Marketing & ad tech stack
Data warehouses
Unblock AI with confidence
Use sensitive data for AI with consent automatically enforced at the source.
Power personalization at scale
Scale loyalty and retail media programs while honoring user consent and preferences.
Unlock cross-brand growth
Power compliant data sharing between sub-brands to boost revenue and retention.
TRANSCEND’S EDGE
Infrastructure purpose-built to mature privacy for the AI era
Real-time visibility into personal data

Our telemetry-based discovery automatically detects and classifies user data across all your systems, providing the comprehensive visibility needed to power compliant marketing campaigns and AI initiatives.

Get started
Enterprise-scale data orchestration

Seamlessly manage user choices across the industry’s most robust integrations ecosystem. Our customizable workflows automatically update user choices across your tech stack, ensuring consistent data handling across your data infrastructure and user channels.

Get started
Recognized privacy innovators

Whether it’s Airgap, the industry-leading browser firewall powering our consent architecture, Sombra™, our security module that treats Transcend like an adversary, or Pathfinder, our award-winning approach to AI governance, time and time again, Transcend leads the industry with forward-thinking, technically rooted innovations.

Get started
“Many enterprise customers noted that despite complex infrastructure, the implementations were fast and painless.”

Ryan O'Leary

Research Director for IDC's Security and Trust Program

ENTERPRISE-GRADE SECURITY
Your privacy platform shouldn’t introduce security risk

Built from the ground up to be secure by design, Transcend can't access your keys, see your user data, or forge instructions to your systems. Using our industry-leading security module, your data is end-to-end encrypted between your environment and your users.

Learn more
“Transcend is architected with the foresight and agility needed to tackle large enterprises' intricate data privacy challenges. At Microsoft, we believe that robust data management is fundamental to business innovation. Transcend's platform offers the kind of integrated, scalable, and secure solutions that businesses with complex needs require”

Tom Davis

Partner at Microsoft for Startups

What you can expect with Transcend

Whether you're looking to manage billions of user records or leading a business transformation across multiple organizations, Transcend gives you the infrastructure and support to automate privacy at scale.

Get in touch
Designed for transformational success

Our configurable platform makes it easy to move what you need—and leave what you don’t. With dedicated engineering support, we automate your existing workflows and expand your coverage across future systems, regulations, and enterprise goals.

Trusted transformation partners

We don’t wait for the dotted line. From first conversation to ongoing success, we act as an extension of your team—helping you evolve your privacy posture, future-proof your data infrastructure, and navigate change with confidence.

Our platform handles the scale of your business

From consent and preference management to data discovery and AI Risk Assessments, Transcend provides the comprehensive coverage enterprises need to unlock the value of their user data—powering growth while maintaining compliance across all operations.

Privacy infrastructure that fits any industry or size
AIConsumerHealthcareFintechMediaB2BEnterpriseMid-size
Data privacy for the AI frontier

Transcend helps AI companies like Jasper, as well as any business innovating in AI, to power LLMs with ethical, clean user data—enabling responsible AI development while maintaining user trust and regulatory standards.

Learn more
Grow responsibly with customer data

Transcend helps companies like Groupon and Eventbrite maximize the value of user data by automating privacy choices across channels and systems—enabling compliant, data-driven growth while building customer trust through transparency.

Learn more
Power modern care with trusted data

Managing health data demands unparalleled privacy and security standards. Industry leaders like Hims & Hers partner with Transcend for advanced solutions in discovering, classifying, and organizing personal data.

Learn more
Build trust for financial innovation

Leaders in fintech like Robinhood trust Transcend to integrate privacy across their tech stacks. Our platform offers robust automation for your privacy program, fortified with industry-leading security.

Learn more
Build loyal audiences across your portfolio

Leading media companies like The Athletic trust Transcend to power privacy-first user choices across their digital properties. Our solutions enable effective user data capture while ensuring compliance across diverse brands, audiences, and regions.

Learn more
Driving trust in a business-to-business ecosystem

Staying compliant with data privacy can be an operational nightmare—from varying data processor and data controller responsibilities, Data Processing Agreements (DPAs), and more. Transcend equips B2B enterprises, such as ZoomInfo and Digicert, with comprehensive tools to manage their data privacy efficiently, enhancing trust and partnership value.

Learn more
Enterprise-ready infrastructure, built for complexity

Transcend powers the most complex privacy use cases at global scale. Our platform unifies user data permissioning across systems, accelerates transformation, and enables AI-ready data with confidence.

Learn more
Scale privacy’s impact from day one

Transcend gives fast-growing companies an out-of-the-box privacy automation platform to quickly mature their programs—automating user consent, deletion, preference, and assessment flows. Launch fast, stay compliant, and build trust as you scale.

Learn more
“Transcend's exceptional support and commitment to excellence have made them a trusted extension of our privacy, tech, and business teams. We moved from another provider to Transcend in order to support our C-suite digital governance initiatives, and from day one Transcend has provided seamless engagement and delivered robust implementation on user consent across our tech ecosystem.”

AVP, eBusiness

Fortune 20 global retailer

Ready to unleash your next wave of growth?

Trusted by Fortune 500 companies and category leaders. Transforming data teams and their impact.  Privacy should never be a bottleneck — with Transcend, it never is.

Book a demo

Unlike many competitors, Transcend understands the importance that regulators put on processing consent, and managing consent eliminates a chunk of risk. Automating and removing manual processes from consent management is a feather in Transcend’s cap.

Transcend has saved us from countless hours of manual datapoint labeling, missing systems in privacy requests, and downstream gaps in consent preference management. Privacy is no longer a cost center – with Transcend, we are driving value to the business.

At Robinhood, we empower our customers to take greater ownership of their financial future, and we believe this extends to their personal information. Transcend's data privacy infrastructure helps facilitate the way we give our customers control over their data.

Unlike many competitors, Transcend understands the importance that regulators put on processing consent, and managing consent eliminates a chunk of risk. Automating and removing manual processes from consent management is a feather in Transcend’s cap.

Transcend has saved us from countless hours of manual datapoint labeling, missing systems in privacy requests, and downstream gaps in consent preference management. Privacy is no longer a cost center – with Transcend, we are driving value to the business.

At Robinhood, we empower our customers to take greater ownership of their financial future, and we believe this extends to their personal information. Transcend's data privacy infrastructure helps facilitate the way we give our customers control over their data.

Subscribe to Snippets

Keep up in a fast-moving industry with relevant, bite-sized insights.

Submit

By clicking the arrow above, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Transcend as described in our Data Practices and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Products
Data Inventory
Silo Discovery
Structured Discovery
Unstructured Discovery
DSR Automation
Consent Management
Preference Management
Privacy Center
Assessments
Solutions
AI
Consumer
Healthcare
Fintech
Media
B2B
Resources
Blog
Resource Library
Customers
Partners
Privacy Glossary
Privacy Newsletter
Community
Cost Calculator
Company
About
Press
Careers
Legal
Contact us
Developers
Open Source
Docs
Platform Status
Privacy Center
Support
Log in
Copyright © 2025 Transcend, Inc.•San Francisco, California