Home | Transmit Security Skip to content Smash Security Threats Like Pro! Transmit Security is serving up unbeatable protection – and custom pickleball paddles at RSA 2025. Book a meeting to grab yours and take your security game to the next level! Schedule a meeting Platform Platform All in a Single Platform A unified enterprise-grade platform that fuses best-of-breed fraud prevention, identity verification and customer identity management. Services Authentication User Management Identity Orchestration Fraud Detection and Response Identity Verification Solutions B2C Identity B2B Identity Fraud Prevention Identity Verification Machine and Automation ITDR Workforce Identity Eliminate Fraud with the Most Accurate Fraud Prevention Engine Download Case Study Resources Resources Blog Events & Webinars Content Hub System Status Support Featured blog The Future of CIAM: How Transmit Security and Microsoft Are Transforming Passkey Adoption and Security 23 Jan, 2025 • 5 min read Read more The Future of CIAM: How Transmit Security and Microsoft Are Transforming Passkey Adoption and Security January 23, 2025 • Read more Developers Company Company About Leadership Contact Careers News & Media Partners Social Responsibility Pricing Request a demo Request a demo Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → Heading to the Gartner IAM this December? Here’s where to find us → REPORT A Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic
Quadrant™ for Access Management Get the full report Market Leadership Recognized Across Top Analyst Firms 01 REPORT #1 in Customer Access Management and Application Development Support in Gartner's Critical Capabilities Report a Download 02 REPORT A Leader in the Forrester Wave for Customer Identity & Access Management Solutions a Download 03 REPORT A Leader in KuppingerCole's 2025 Leadership Compass in FRIP - E-Commerce a Download Redefining Identity and Fraud Detection in the Age of Agentic AI Transmit Security is re-inventing Identity and Fraud Prevention in the Agentic AI era, delivering business outcomes that legacy systems simply can’t match, whether accelerating fraud detection, delivering frictionless secure customer experience or driving business velocity. We have a unique approach fusing Customer Identity and Access Management with Fraud Prevention in one powerful enterprise-grade platform — Mosaic. Powered by Predictive AI technology, continuously learning from real-time signals to detect intent, uncover emerging fraud patterns, and make accurate decisions before damage is done, Mosaic is purpose-built to combat modern evolving threats and see through the fog of Agentic AI. A Full Suite of Solutions To Strengthen Your Identity Stack 01 B2C Identity Transform Consumer Experiences with Secure, Seamless Access 02 Fraud Prevention Stay Ahead of Threats with AI-Driven Fraud Detection 03 Identity Verification Accurate, Global Identity Verification Made Simple Empowering Industry Leading Organizations Around The World Delivering Exceptional Results 98% Reduction in new account opening fraud 1,300% Return on Investment 610% Improvement in fraud detection 98% True positive rate 72% Less custom code Trusted By Industry Experts Leader in the Forrester Wave: Customer Identity and Access Management Leader in the KuppingerCole Leader Compass for Fraud reduction Intelligence Platform – eCommerce Leader in the KuppingerCole Leader Compass for Fraud reduction Intelligence Platform – Finance Leader in Liminals Links Index for Account Take Over Prevention in Banking TESTIMONIALS Discover How Mosaic Transforms Identity for Leading Brands Explore our Content Hub “With Transmit Security, we are now able to efficiently visualize and orchestrate the entire end-to-end customer identity journey, providing a frictionless multi-device, omnichannel identity experience. As a result, our customer experience and adoption rates have greatly improved.” Sonja Miljoen Head of IT Customer & Commerce, NN “Choosing Transmit Security was its seamless integration with HYPE’s existing infrastructure. “We’re genuinely impressed with how efficiently and smoothly Transmit Security was implemented into our system. What could have been a complex transition was transformed into a well-coordinated process, thanks to the platform’s sophisticated yet user-friendly design,” Alessio Zambonin Chief Information Officer (CIO) at HYPE “Transmit Security listens & adapts to our needs. They skillfully navigate security, CX and the complexities of data privacy." Anonymous Technical Lead Customer Experience for a French Luxury Fashion Brand “Transmit Security has transformed how our customers engage with us, making secure access seamless and frustration-free. With the support of Transmit Security, we’ve delivered a modern, industry standard experience that benefits both our customers and our business.” Tim Callahan CISO, Aflac “Protecting customer assets is job #1 for Citibank. We needed a solution that could bring the best of breed within the industry together into one capability. Transmit Security offers us the identity orchestration layer we need and helps us manage that ecosystem so we can deliver the best customer experience.” Jon Miller Global Head of Cyber Security Services, Citibank Explore our Content Hub The Only truly integrated Identity-Fraud Fusion Platform Defending  Against The Age of Agentic AI Mosaic is the only enterprise-grade platform that fuses identity management, fraud prevention, and identity verification into one powerful solution. Powered by Predictive AI, delivering results legacy systems simply can’t match. Explore the platform Key Announcements & Upcoming News Gartner Buyers Guide for Customer Identity and Access Management Achieving CIAM Success: A Market Review and the Future of Customer Identity Security, featuring Forrester The New Face of Fraud: How AI Agents Are Rewriting Digital Trust and Risk Explore our Content Hub © Copyright Transmit Security. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Platform Authentication User Management Detection and Response Identity Verification Identity Orchestrstion Solutions B2C Identity B2B Identity Fraud Prevention Identity Verification Resources Blog Events & Webinars Content Hub System Status Support Company About Us Leadership Careers News & Media Partners Social Responsibility Contact Us Contact Sales Team [email protected] [email protected] X-twitter 日本語 © Copyright Transmit Security. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service Request a Demo By clicking the button, you agree to the Terms and Conditions Click Here to Read Transmit Security Privacy Policy By clicking the button, you agree to the Terms and Conditions Click Here to Read Transmit Security Privacy Policy