Professional language solutions for your business - Translated Enterprises Developers Translators Sign in Contact us Instant quote We open up language to everyone Professional translation services made easy. Crafted by expert humans, powered by technology, efficiently delivered. Instant quote About us Our offer Professional Translation The easy and fast way to professionally translate documents, manuals, websites, software and more, according to your schedule and requirements, in 238 languages and 40 areas of expertise. Instant quote Enterprise Solutions From high-touch adaptable localization solutions to large-volume automated transactional services, we offer a wide range of fully managed translation services. Learn more Developers' Tools The most sophisticated, yet simple to use, translation APIs for continuous localization, content extraction from 71 file formats, neural adaptive machine translation, and more. Learn more Toward Universal Understanding Introducing Lara 200 and Lara Think During our latest event, we announced that Lara now supports 200 languages and introduced a new reasoning model, Lara Think. This milestone paves the way toward universal understanding, empowering enterprises and language professionals to deliver fluent, accurate translations to 80% of the world’s population by covering the official languages of the countries where they live. See What We Presented View case study View case study View case study View case study View case study View case study High-quality translations with quick turnaround times. Google Ads and Facebook campaigns for overseas markets are no problem for us now! Laura Corallo - Eataly, The Translated team has always been professional and helpful. They are quick to respond to requests for assistance and they respect the agreed deadlines. Fabio Vanek - Italiaonline, Translated has been localising Google Ads and Facebook marketing campaigns for us for several years. We consider them one of our trusted partners, and they have never let us down. Alberto Mauri - GroupM, The Translated team is efficient from both a sales and an operations perspective. They are especially diligent when it comes to delivery deadlines, and they quickly take action where necessary to resolve any issues after delivery. Davide Scalvi - Docebo, Thanks to Translated, our website is now available in 20 languages instead of 6, allowing us to enter new markets - the number of countries where we operate has risen from around 10 to 50! Pierre Massol - TravelCar, Over the last few years, I've used Translated for translations from German and Russian into English. Their service is normally quick and efficient, with a transparent pricing structure. Marcello Pasquali - Enel Green Power Our clients We proudly serve over 398,533 clients worldwide, including young innovative startups and large global enterprises from varying industries. We have optimized our processes to meet their unique needs, adapting from small, on-demand tasks to high-touch, fully managed solutions. Read clients stories Key benefits Experience and Trust We have delivered 1.2 million translations in 238 languages to 398,533 clients in 40 macro-domains since 1999, powering the globalization strategy of the most demanding clients. References Process Efficiency We work hard to make translation services more effective, by enhancing our production processes with great technologies and talented people. A perfect example is T-Rank™ , the system that instantly matches your content with the most qualified translator for the job. Production process One Step Ahead We offer a wide range of linguistic services that cover all your future needs: Google Ads translation, software localization, subtitling, and APIs to integrate human translation anywhere you need. Our services Embrace our culture We pride ourselves in paying our translators fairly and providing a working environment that is collaborative, fun, and open to everyone: a culture that inspires talents to do great things for you. About us Latest News TranslationOS now integrates Lara via API With the integration of Lara via API, TranslationOS overcomes the limitations of traditional translation memories by enabling full document-level context. Localization managers can now design custom workflows that combine the most reliable AI and professional translation, applying the right level of human review based on the relevance and purpose of each content type. Read the news Advancing AI Beyond Language Models and Into the Physical World Translated is leading a major research initiative that brings together 20 leading AI organizations from 9 European countries to develop a new class of AI models capable of gaining understanding through real-world interaction. Read the news Translated Presents the 2025 Imminent Annual Report The new publication is part of a two-year research initiative that will continue exploring the impact of the shift from large language models to multimodal AI systems on communication. Read the news More questions? Get in touch. Our team is ready to find a solution to your translation needs. Contact us Hello, I'm Barbara. How can I help you? Barbara - Senior Account Manager Get an instant quote The easy way to get your documents translated fast. Buy online in a few clicks. Instant quote We are on a mission to open up language to everyone, using a powerful combination of expert human translators and machine intelligence, and providing curated localization solutions and tools to 398,533 customers worldwide. © Translated · VAT IT07173521001 About us News Translate FAQ Careers Affiliates Terms of Sale Privacy Language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português (BR) Русский Svenska Türkçe 한국어 日本語 عربي עברית Ελληνικά Magyar 简体中文 Norsk Dansk Română Suomi Euro (EUR) US dollar (USD) Australian dollar (AUD) Canadian dollar (CAD) New Zealand dollar (NZD) Pound sterling (GBP) Real (BRL) Swedish krona (SEK) Swiss franc (CHF) Turkish lira (TL) Won (KRW) Yen (JPY) Złoty (PLN) Saudi Riyal (SAR) 1-888-216-9155 info@translated.com