Transcy: Shopify Translation App Home Pricing Resources Integration Seamlessly integrate your apps, tools and platforms. Blogs & Updates Stay tuned with the latest updates we brought to Transcy. Shopify Demo Store See Transcy in action with our Shopify demo store. Case Study The brands that successfully go global with Transcy. Help Center Get the tutorials you need to get started asap! Partners Our Partners Discover the amazing brands we proudly partner with. Partnership Program Join our program and grow with a powerful partner network. Achievement Contact us Get Started Now Home Pricing Resources Integration Blogs & Updates Shopify Demo Store Case Study Help Center Partners Our Partners Partnership Program Achievement Get Started Now Contact us Go global with the best Shopify translation app Transcy helps bring global customers a localized shopping experience that keeps them coming back for more. Get Started Free for 7 Days 4.7 Built for Shopify Regional Leader We’re The Only Localization Solution Featured by Awards & Recognitions View all Awards & Recognitions Enterprise-Grade Localization Tools Speak globally and translate your Shopify store brilliantly Multi-Translator, Multi-Purposes Google Translate, DeepL, OpenAI, Gemini, Baidu, Grok, Yandex, and more x7 Shopify Translation Limits We’re the only Shopify translation app that lets you edit translations for 147+ languages. Your Translations, Your Rules Choose which words & elements to translate, keep or exclude from your translations. Convert your store’s currency & global visitors too Live FX Rates for 169+ Currencies Auto-convert product prices, discounts, taxes, etc. to customers’ local currencies. Smart Currency Rounding Adjust prices to follow local currency standards or your rounding preferences. Work With Shopify Payments Let global shoppers pay in their local currencies to reduce cart abandonment. Scale your brand. We’ll keep every page translated Sync Your Store’s Real-time Data Instantly sync all your Shopify content like products, blogs, etc. for translation. Automatic Translations Get your new products, content & changes automatically translated. . Language Recommendations Show visitors the right language & currency based on their geolocation. Multilingual SEO that gets you found everywhere Clean, SEO-Friendly URLs Customize your URLs by language so they’re readable, relevant, and ranked locally.. Metadata Translation Translate meta titles and descriptions to improve your click-through-rate. Get Your Translated Site Indexed We save your translated pages in a way search engines can actually read. Tap into next-gen translations powered by AI OpenAI, Grok, Gemini, and more Leverage industry-leading AI so your translations stay top-tier. No Technical Setup Required Start translating with AI instantly — no developer keys or DIY integration needed. AI Image Translation eAutomatically detect and localize image content for every market. Provide global shoppers a hyper-localized shopping experience Switchers That Match Your Brand Take full control over how your language switcher looks, feels, and works. Consistent Tone in All Languages STranslate your site into any language without losing the tone that defines your brand. Insights To Boost User Experience Know how shoppers interact with your store so you can optimize it accordingly. All your 3rd-party app content , translated. Transcy’s deep and extensive integration allows us to work well with any Shopify app and tool on the Shopify App Store. View More Integrations Trusted by 25k+ world-class companies & organizations This app works as it should. the best part is the customer service which makes it amazing. special thanks to Fanny who helped me through all the difficulties i was having setting up the app. 10/10 recommended. Sparkly Roses Store in the U.S. It's an excellent app. And above all, it has excellent support to answer questions and help with translations. Really a 10! Tech World Shopify store in Brazil Great tool, and much more accurate than Google Translate or other APIs that use it. Feels like they really developed their own in-house. EyewearMix.com Store in the U.S. This app is by far the best i have tried among others. Many features, easy navigation. I chose the growth plan for starter. Comparing to other aps, the price is very acceptable GadgetFlare Shopify store in Slovakia Very easy to use app,it translates everything not leaving anything behind. and the customer support is also good serenaa helped setting up everything. Thanks! Deccca Arts Shopify store in India Backed by experts with a proven track record Over 250,000+ Merchants have trusted our best-in-class Shopify eCommerce solutions. The only solution you need to rock global sales. Start 7-Day Free Trial Explore pricing plans Get the insider scoop on global commerce? No ads. No trails. No commitments 75% prefer local languages A massive 75% of global shoppers  said they prefer stores in local languages. 60% rarely buy on English-only sites Up to 60% of customers said they  hardly ever buy from English-only websites. 40% increase in conversions A site’s conversion rate increases  by 40% after accepting local currencies. About About Us Pricing Achievement Our Partners Product Integration Status Page Help Center Shopify Demo Store Resources Our Blogs Customer Story Privacy Policy Terms & Condition © Transcy by FireGroup JSC, All Rights Reserved Follow us on