Transport GZM Go to main content Plan your journey Tickets News Help Metrorower slaskienatorach.pl impediments Contact Create account Log in expand_more Your account EMV Card My account Timetable Search engine and map Messages Network Diagrams Stops SDIP table Regulations and documents Transport tariff from January Transport tariff Tariff zones Offer Passenger Service Points Points of sale Ticket machines Offers with other carriers Redemption of ŚKUP cash Buy a ticket by phone Issuing an invoice Knowledge base Report a problem Electric Metrobike Metrobike News Questions and Answers Maps and diagrams Contact us Plan your journey Timetable Search engine and map Messages Network Diagrams Stops SDIP table Regulations and documents Tickets Transport tariff from January Transport tariff Tariff zones Offer Passenger Service Points Points of sale Ticket machines Offers with other carriers Redemption of ŚKUP cash Buy a ticket by phone Issuing an invoice News Help Knowledge base Report a problem Metrorower Electric Metrobike Metrobike slaskienatorach.pl impediments News Questions and Answers Maps and diagrams Contact Contact us Create account Log in My account Privacy Policy Our website uses cookies. Cookies allow full use of the website’s functionalities and enable the collection of statistical data, which helps us optimize the service and adjust the content to your needs. Accept cookies to fully use the service. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more. Necessary for System Functionality Essential Allows storage related to security, such as authentication, fraud prevention, and other user protection features. Functional It enables basic functions that ensure the proper functioning of the site, such as remembering the settings selected by the User. Thanks to this, there is no need to reconfigure preferences, e.g. language, appearance of the site or other settings related to the display of content and information about viewed, skipped or completed surveys. These functions are necessary to ensure consistent and convenient use of the service. Optional Analytical Cookies collect anonymous, aggregated data and are used for statistical purposes only. They help us identify the most popular pages and content, which helps us improve the site for visitors. You can choose not to use them. Blocking them may impact our ability to improve our products and services. More settings Reject Optional Accept All Free New Year's Eve rides with Dwójka in GZM! Extra trips and free travel with a special coupon. Join us for the best New Year's Eve party ever! Learn more Transport GZM z nową ofertą Starting January 1st, we're offering more options with the "Start/Stop Travel" option. Furthermore, "90-minute" tickets will be valid for up to 120 minutes. Learn more search Find a connection place arrow_back place arrow_back calendar_month Find arrow_back arrow_forward Create account in a few minutes Without leaving home and enjoy comfortable payments for trips. All tickets available with us only Full offer in Transport GZM app only. Tickets readily available without the need to encode them on the ŚKUP card. Personalise your account to gain access to all functionalities No need to visit the Passenger Service Point (POP) to code your concessions and change your details, or easily generate an invoice. Metroappka GZM transport offers new possibilities for comfortable travel in the Górnośląsko-Zagłębiowska Metropolis and its surroundings. Use the Transport GZM mobile application. In our system you will find a convenient method of purchasing public transport tickets and save money by choosing a ticket that meets your needs. Create account and start your journey Create account GZM transport in one place Set your destination. Choose the best route. Pay conveniently in the official Transport GZM application. Create account and start your journey Create account Metroapp Thanks to the Transport GZM mobile metroapp, you can conveniently buy all tickets from the tariff. In addition, you will take advantage of attractive solutions such as: start/stop journey, thanks to which you can settle journeys of 5, 10 and 15 minutes. It doesn't matter how much you drive, with a start/stop trip you won't pay more than PLN 13 a day. Create account and start your journey Create account Daily ticket A weekend  for two? It is an ideal solution whenever you plan more than 2 single journeys during the day. The Daily Ticket is valid in the entire GZM Transport Network. Travelling with the Daily Ticket allows you to freely use buses, trams, and trolleybuses in Tychy. The Daily Ticket is PLN 13 and seems ideal for the fairytale Cinderella as it expires at 23:59 on the day it was activated. Remember, this ticket has one more advantage. You can take an extra passenger with you on weekends and holidays. Long-term tickets For years the most popular public transport tickets next to single tickets. Tell us how long you want to buy a ticket for and where you will be travelling with it, and we will tailor a long-distance ticket for you! 7, 30, 90, or 180 days? If you do not need to travel across the entire GZM network, choose a ticket for one or two cities. With these tickets you don't need to worry about the number of daily trips and transfers. Hit the road! Remember! E-tickets are cheaper than their paper counterparts Children up to the age of 16 enjoy free travel on our vehicles when a special concession is encoded You don't like the UPC card? You won't need it any more. You can use all the functions of the system without a card We do not charge for the carriage of pets and luggage, refer to the rules of carriage described in the regulations Phone app, a bank card or even your PESEL can be your account identifier. Free trips are also available for people over 70 years of age Enjoy the system without visiting a Passenger Service Point (POP) Encoding of tickets on the card is no longer necessary, tickets are active after purchase If you travel more frequently, check out our long-distance tickets on offer, travelling with such a ticket is cheaper and more convenient than buying single tickets every day. Questions and answers All you need to know abouto Transport GZM GZM Transport System How to create an account in the Transport GZM system? The account can be set up in the Transport GZM mobile application (metro app), or on the portal (website) transportgzm.pl. Passengers can also ask for help in setting up an account at Passenger Service Points. How to add a discount in the GZM Transport system? If you have a personal account in the system, you can define the discount you are entitled to yourself. The function is available in the Mobile Application and on the Portal. Remember! If you define the discount yourself, you must have a document confirming your entitlement to the discount with you during the trip. When you show it during the inspection, ask the inspector to confirm the discount. From that moment on, your discount will be displayed in the system as confirmed and you will not have to travel with the document. The discount defined in the System can also be confirmed by visiting any Passenger Service Point. Detailed instructions: GZM Transport How to top up your account? In the GZM Transport System, each User can conveniently purchase tickets via the Customer Portal and Mobile Application. In addition to payment by Blik, bank transfer or payment card, users can pay using funds saved in "Your account". Detailed instructions can be found here: GZM Transport. Where can I find detailed instructions for the GZM Transport system? Detailed information and answers to most questions arising before and during use of the System can be found in the Help - Knowledge Base tab. Show more Tickets for public transport GZM Transport Where can I buy tickets? Tickets can be purchased in mobile applications: Transport GZM, jakdojade, zbiletem.pl, mPay, moBILET, SkyCash. Through the Transport GZM internet portal. In ticket machines, a list of which can be found here: Transport GZM. In points of sale, a list of which can be found here: Transport GZM. In Passenger Service Points, the locations of which can be found here: Transport GZM. When traveling by airport airline, do I need to buy any special tickets? No, you do not need to purchase special tickets. You can travel on airport lines using tickets listed in the Tariff of Transport. What tickets are also valid on trains? Metroticket - one ticket, different means of transport. From 1 March 2024, all 30-day personal tickets valid on public transport Transport GZM also entitle you to travel on Koleje Śląskie (KŚ) and POLREGIO trains. The new Metrotickets replace the previously valid joint tickets with railways. In the new tariff, you can choose a ticket enabling travel on public transport and trains in the area from one selected city (not only Katowice as before), two cities indicated by you, up to the entire area of ​​GZM. Train tickets are valid only in cities that belong to the Upper Silesian-Zagłębie Metropolis, and, exceptionally, on the section of the Tarnowskie Góry - Siewierz railway line. Show more Other How can I check where the bus, tram or trolleybus I am waiting for is? The current location of Transport GZM vehicles can be checked on our website in the "Plan your trip" tab - "SDIP Table", in the M2GOinfo and Transport GZM applications. I lost something on the bus. What should I do? It will be necessary to contact the Operator serving the given line. You can easily check it here: ZTM Operators (transportgzm.pl). Just find the line where the lost item was left and then call the indicated phone number. Traveling without a ticket resulted in an additional fee being issued. How can I use a so-called penance ticket? "Penance ticket" is a solution that allows you to reduce the additional fee for traveling without a valid ticket. To use this option, you must submit an application within 14 days of receiving the "ticket", purchase a "Network 180" ticket and pay PLN 70. Show more All you need to know abouto Transport GZM 122 millions of travelled kilometres 1900 Vehicles 7000 Stops 56 Communes The Upper Silesian-Zagłębie Metropolis operates one of the largest public transport systems in Poland. Nearly 1900 vehicles, 56 municipalities, 7000 stops, and over 122 million kilometers annually – all made possible by our buses, trams, and trolleybuses.
                            Our public transport system offers solutions for over 2.5 million passengers, each with their own needs and expectations. Sign in with a payment card You do not need an account to manage your transactions. Log in using your payment card. Sign in with a payment card Regulations and documents Accessibility declaration Cookie Policy Report a problem/Complaint Górnośląsko-Zagłębiowska Metropolia All rights reserved.