Transloadit: File uploading & processing API | Transloadit Product Docs Pricing Blog Company Support Search Sign up Sign in › Menu Upload, transform, and deliver files globally Enterprise-grade APIs to upload, transform, and deliver files globally. So your devs can focus on product. Get Started Get Started Documentation No credit card needed · 5 GB included in the free plan · Cancel anytime Upload Drag & drop your files here Badge Check Icon Enterprise-grade reliability 99.99% uptime SLA. SOC 2 certified. Trusted by Fortune 500 companies since 2009. Badge Check Icon Ship faster, maintain less Drop-in SDKs for every stack. Your devs build features, not file processing pipelines. Badge Check Icon Compliance built-in GDPR, HIPAA-ready, data residency options. Files auto-deleted. Zero vendor lock-in. Industry leaders who use Transloadit Tired of tool overload? We get it. That’s why we built Transloadit. We handle images, videos, documents, zip archives and more, with AI sprinkled on top. Upload or import from anywhere, process everything, scan for threats, store files anywhere. Why use Transloadit? Focus on your product, not files Stop building complex media processing infrastructure. Let your teams focus on your core product while we do all file handling for you with battle-tested and future-proof solutions. Enterprise-grade reliability Our globally distributed infrastructure with 99.99% uptime for 16 years handles millions of files daily of all formats and codecs with automatic scaling and failover. See server status Powerful workflow automation Create sophisticated media workflows by combining 79 features . Handle images, videos, audio, and documents within the same API call via a powerful but simple JSON language. Predictable pricing & support There are 5 plans available with transparent pricing including a free plan. Support is done by our engineering team to cut down on your integration headaches. Don't take our word for it I'm not usually one for fanboy-ism but Transloadit is one service I would recommend without hesitation. Their product and customer support is outstanding . Dave Perrett CTO Shuttlerock Having a solution for both uploading and transcoding has been a godsend for the current scale that we are at five years after first choosing Transloadit. Jon Wong Engineer Coursera Using Transloadit saves development and maintenance . Being able to focus on our product instead of reinventing the wheel cannot be understated. Matt Sumner Developer thoughtbot Three lucky quotes? Check out overwhelmingly positive customer feedback since 2009, or read some of our case studies . Try Transloadit for free Book a demo How can Transloadit boost your file handling? Receive files from web/apps Deliver via Smart CDN Automate processing Handle user uploads. Serverless Combine Uppy.io with Transloadit and offer file handling like never before. Pick locally or from Dropbox & friends Resumes after bad Wi-Fi & crashes Crop & resize in-browser Easier on batteries & data plans Open source and Free forever Reject viruses Optimize and store in your S3 bucket Own your data Video Try Code Your browser does not support the video tag. Powerful file processing Video encoding Image manipulation Document processing Audio encoding Video Encoding Choose from a variety of video encoding features to maximize file compatibility across platforms, as well as enrich video with effects, loops, watermarks, and more, to get the most out of your video content. Resize and encode into various formats Auto-correct badly rotated videos Extract thumbnails Watermark videos or surround them with a frame +50 other video encoding features Your browser does not support the video tag. There's more… Detect malicious files Our file filtering service guarantees that each file finds its way into the appropriate encoding pipeline, and offers you protection against the many dangers of the digital world. Millions of trojans, viruses, malware, and other malicious threats are eliminated before they even reach your platform. Automate your processing with AI Transloadit offers Artificial Intelligence as a service, so you don't have to run your own models or install complicated software. Benefit from various AI capabilities that are available right inside our encoding pipelines to further automate your media processing. Smart CDN A Content Delivery Network (CDN) is the best place to host content. Files are cached and distributed globally in order to keep latencies low. Transloadit can make sure that content is delivered from a data center close to you or your user, wherever in the world that may be. Compress files and save data With encoding jobs potentially involving large amounts of input files, file compression can be instrumental for keeping data usage under control. Transloadit is able to archive and extract entire media libraries, and supports a wide variety of compression algorithms and formats. Try Transloadit for free Book a demo Import and export to any of these services Integration HTML & JavaScript One of the many ways to use Transloadit is for handling file uploads in browsers. This makes a good case for using Transloadit with Uppy , our open source file uploader. Embed Uppyʼs Dashboard to handle uploads: < script type = " module " > import { Uppy , Dashboard , Transloadit }
  from ' https://releases.transloadit.com/uppy/v4.2.0/uppy.min.mjs ' const uppy = new Uppy ()
  . use (Dashboard, { inline : true , target : ' #uppy ' })
  . use (Transloadit, {
    assemblyOptions : {
      params : {
        auth : { key : ' YOUR_KEY ' },
        template_id : ' YOUR_TEMPLATE_ID ' ,
      },
    },
  })
</ script >

< div id = " uppy " ></ div > Other ways to integrate RestAPI cURL iOS & macOS Node.js CLI PHP Ruby Python Go Java There are also SDKs for Terraform , Zapier , Legacy Browsers , Android , and many community projects . Explore all SDKs We make the web better for everyone Our team continues to advance the state of the art, releasing building blocks that carry an ecosystem. #1 to run Node.js in production Our founders are early contributors to Node.js and helped pave the path and shape an ecosystem that millions of teams around the world rely on today. #1 in open source file handling solutions We built the #1 file uploader for browsers Uppy and the #1 protocol for resumable file uploads Tus which powers Vimeo, CloudFlare, Git LFS. #1 Node modules Whether you're dealing with file uploads , MySQL databases or networked/unreliable systems , our Node modules are the industry standard. #1 GitHub partner offering encoding to students We're the first cloud encoder GitHub has partnered with to offer 10GB of free encoding credit to teachers and students who have enrolled in the GitHub Student Pack and GitHub Teacher Toolbox . + 2,000,000 Depending on our modules + 30,000 Uppy stargazers on GitHub 92% Recommend Transloadit 80% Revenue to open source Try Transloadit for free Book a demo Try Transloadit Ready to get started? Join thousands of developers who trust Transloadit for their file processing needs. Pain Point Icon Building file processing from scratch Badge Check Icon Ready-to-use API & SDKs Pain Point Icon Scaling infrastructure headaches Badge Check Icon Auto-scaling global infrastructure Pain Point Icon Managing codec updates Badge Check Icon Always up-to-date processing Pain Point Icon Handling file security Badge Check Icon Enterprise-grade security Pain Point Icon Supporting all file formats Badge Check Icon 2000+ formats supported Pain Point Icon Unpredictable costs Badge Check Icon Transparent pricing GDPR Icon GDPR Badge Check Icon HIPAA Icon HIPAA Badge Check Icon AES256 Icon AES256 Badge Check Icon Soc 2 Ready Icon SOC 2 Ready Badge Check Icon Try Transloadit for Free Try Transloadit for Free No credit card needed · 5 GB included in the free plan · Cancel anytime © 2009– 2025 Transloadit-II GmbH Privacy ⋅ Terms ⋅ Imprint Product Services Pricing Demos Security Support Company About Blog Jobs Open source Press Docs Getting started Transcoding FAQ API Supported formats More Platform status Community forum StackOverflow Uppy Tus