Home - Flō Networks Skip to content Español English Customer Login Solutions Close Solutions Open Solutions Solutions by Sector Financial Industrial Services Retail Carrier Wholesale Tailored Services Enterprise Connectivity Dedicated Internet Access Private Network Enterprise WAN Managed SD WAN Voice for Business Cloud Cloud Connect Multicloud Connect Secure Cloud Connect Security and Encryption Network Encryption Network Perimeter Security SD-WAN Advanced Security Clean Pipes About us Resources Close Resources Open Resources Our news Blog Customer Stories Newsroom Latest Customer Stories Global company in the beverage industry streamlined its processes by using flexible multi-cloud connection services. Company in the food industry increased its efficiency by interconnecting its plants Lexmark connected its operations with a rock-solid, end-to-end network Contact us Contributing to development Reliable Unique Smart Resilient Digital Solutions for your Company At Flō Networks, we enhance businesses with comprehensive connectivity solutions and advanced digital infrastructure. Start Now years interconnecting organizations + 0 Satisfied customers throughout the Americas + 0 Nations operating our network 0 Our portfolio Solutions Our network offers efficient, resilient, and secure connectivity. Discover our multiconnected and reliable services with higher flexibility or contact us to find custom solutions for your company. Learn more Our vision Transforming business We were born in a digital era. We strongly believe that digital transformation is necessary to reach success in a constantly changing world. This vision is communicated through our solutions and our customer service. We are convinced that operational efficiency and our close and immediate attention make the difference. See more Our Strengths Highly Interconnected Infrastructure Trust your connectivity to one of the largest providers of IP Transit in Mexico. Our network is interconnected with the top public clouds through 60 direct connections across the Americas. Experience Working at Full Speed Over the last 20 years, we have offered top-tier services. We work hard every day to provide expedited installation, maintenance, and support, resulting in an efficient, low-latency network. A Flexible Network Ready for the Digital Transformation We’re permanently evolving in order to offer state-of-the-art connectivity solutions, and work closely with our customers to deliver constant innovation. Contributing to development Our Success Cases Global company in the beverage industry streamlined its processes by using flexible multi-cloud connection services. Company in the food industry increased its efficiency by interconnecting its plants Lexmark connected its operations with a rock-solid, end-to-end network Regal Rexnord improved their operations with Flō’s connectivity services Conekta boosted its security to process payments at OXXO convenience stores Yazaki found a flexible network for its facilities in remote locations Stanton House created a seamless experience for their hotel guests Oreico manages financial services through a solid network Get in touch with us Full name Email address Phone number Company or organization Country Message This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Send idle U.S. Address 601 North Mesa Floor 17 El Paso, TX 79901 From U.S. Call: 877 918 3526 Legal Address 500 W Overland Suite 310 El Paso, TX 79901 Mexico Address Ave. Del Charro 215 Int. 5A Colonia Sicomoros Ciudad Juárez, Chih. Paseo de la Reforma 509 Piso 34 Colonia Cuauhtémoc Mexico City From Mexico Call 800 228 3526 Legal Email Disclaimer Fine Print Company About us Leadership Press Releases Developers Social Media Linkedin X-twitter Facebook Instagram Collaboration with the Authorities IP Matrix, S.A. de C.V. Maxcom Telecomunicaciones, S.A.B. de C.V. Thank you! We've received your message and will get back to you as soon as possible. Continue