Wise: The international account | Money without borders | Wise South Korea Skip to content Personal Wise Account The international account for sending, spending and converting money like a local. Explore Features Send money Send large amounts Receive money Pricing Personal pricing Business Wise Business The only account your start-up or scale-up needs to thrive internationally. Explore Features Send money Receive money Manage team finances Connect accounting software Resources Explore API integrations Explore demo Contact sales Pricing Business pricing Platform Wise Platform Where banks, financial institutions and enterprises can plug into our network. Explore Products Send Receive Issue cards Multi-currency accounts Industries Banks & financial institutions Education platforms Marketplaces Spend management Travel platforms Workforce platforms Events Register for Wise Connect Developers Explore API documentation en en Help Log in Sign up Sign up Money for here, there and everywhere 160 countries and territories. 40 currencies. Get the account built to save you money round the world. Open an account Send money now Trusted by millions Millions of customers globally move around £12 billion each month Regulated Wise is regulated by local authorities 24/7 customer support Get help from thousands of specialists any time over email, phone and chat Send money globally for less Save on international transfers — with fees as low as 0.1%. Learn how to send money Rate guaranteed (8h) 1 USD = 1,440.53 KRW You send exactly USD Sending over 25,000 USD or equivalent? We'll discount our fee Recipient gets KRW Paying with Connected bank account (ACH) Change Connected bank account (ACH) fee 0.51 USD Our fee 3.85 USD Total included fees (1.45%) 4.36 USD You could save up to 11.39 USD Should arrive in 3 minutes Compare fees Send money Never pay a hidden fee again Banks and other providers add markups to the exchange rate to make you pay more. Not us — see for yourself. Send money now Learn how to send money Sending 1,000 USD with Recipient gets (Total after fees) 1,420,568 KRW Transfer fee 13.83 USD Exchange rate (1 USD KRW ) 1,440.49 Exchange rate markup 0.03 USD Cost of transfer 13.86 USD 1,373,629 KRW - 46,939 KRW Exchange rate (1 USD KRW ) 1,373.63 Exchange rate markup 46.44 USD This applies when you pay in via ACH payments. How do we collect this data? Amount From USD United States dollar To KRW South Korean won Wise Bank of America Recipient gets (Total after fees) 1,420,568 KRW 1,373,629 KRW Exchange rate (1 USD KRW ) 1,440.49 1,373.63 Exchange rate markup 0 USD 46.42 USD Transfer fee 13.83 USD 0 USD Total transfer cost 13.83 USD 46.42 USD Show more providers This applies when you pay in via ACH payments. How do we collect this data? Do more with Wise in South Korea You can use Wise for much more than just sending money. Here is what's available, based on where you live. Open an account Receive money fast Get paid easily in other currencies with global account details. 21 currencies Explore getting paid Built for business too Go global with our international business account. Make payments and get paid in 40+ currencies. Join over 700,000 businesses thriving with Wise. Try demo Learn more Disappoint thieves Every month, millions of our personal and business customers trust us to move over £12 billion of their money. How we keep your money safe Our dedicated fraud and security teams work to keep your money safe We use 2-factor authentication to protect your account We hold your money with established financial institutions Move your money worldwide Save money when you send, spend and get paid in different currencies. All you need, in one account, wherever you need it. Get Started Explore the Wise Account Get paid in different currencies, fast Request and receive money directly with Wise, and get paid easily with account details in top currencies. It's even slicker when you sync your contacts. Get Started Learn about receiving money For people going places "They make our life split between two continents possible. Transfers are simple and very, very fast." Stuart on Trustpilot "Always fast transactions and good fees. An invaluable online bank for those who live outside their own country or are frequent travellers." Megan on Trustpilot "I use Wise to pay a mortgage in a different country each month. Superb. That simple." Gerald on Trustpilot "The best money travel buddy! Wise makes finances easier to deal with instantly." Gemma on Trustpilot "Wise has been a lifesaver for me as a student in a foreign country." Stefani on Trustpilot Meet money without borders We're building the best way to move and manage the world's money. Min fees. Max ease. Full speed. Learn about our mission Get the app for managing money everywhere Scan to get Wise Wise works nearly everywhere Send money Account details Hold and convert money Send money to Andorra Send money to Argentina Send money to Australia Send money to Austria Send money to Bangladesh Send money to Belgium Send money to Botswana Send money to Brazil Send money to British Virgin Islands Send money to Bulgaria Send money to Canada Send money to Chile Send money to China Send money to Colombia Send money to Costa Rica Send money to Croatia Send money to Cyprus Send money to Czech Republic Send money to Denmark Send money to Dubai Send money to Ecuador Send money to Egypt Send money to El Salvador Send money to Estonia Send money to Europe Send money to Fiji Send money to Finland Send money to France Send money to Georgia Send money to Germany Send money to Ghana Send money to Gibraltar Send money to Greece Send money to Guadeloupe Send money to Guernsey Send money to Hong Kong Send money to Hungary Send money to India Send money to Indonesia Send money to Ireland Send money to Isle of Man Send money to Israel Send money to Italy Send money to Japan Send money to Jersey Send money to Kenya Send money to Latvia Send money to Liechtenstein Send money to Lithuania Send money to Luxembourg Send money to Malaysia Send money to Malta Send money to Marshall Islands Send money to Martinique Send money to Mayotte Send money to Mexico Send money to Micronesia Send money to Monaco Send money to Montenegro Send money to Morocco Send money to Nauru Send money to Nepal Send money to Netherlands Send money to New Zealand Send money to Nigeria Send money to Norway Send money to Pakistan Send money to Palau Send money to Panama Send money to Peru Send money to Philippines Send money to Poland Send money to Portugal Send money to Réunion Send money to Romania Send money to Saint Barthélemy Send money to Saint Martin (French part) Send money to Saint Pierre and Miquelon Send money to San Marino Send money to Singapore Send money to Slovakia Send money to Slovenia Send money to South Africa Send money to South Korea Send money to Spain Send money to Sri Lanka Send money to Sweden Send money to Switzerland Send money to Taiwan Send money to Tanzania Send money to Thailand Send money to Timor-Leste Send money to Turkey Send money to Uganda Send money to Ukraine Send money to the United Arab Emirates Send money to the UK Send money to the USA Send money to Uruguay Send money to Vatican City Send money to Vietnam Send money to Zambia British pound Swift/BIC, IBAN, Sort code and Account number Euro Swift/BIC and IBAN United States dollar Routing number, Swift/BIC, Account number and Account type United Arab Emirates dirham Swift/BIC and IBAN Australian dollar Swift/BIC, Account number and BSB code Canadian dollar Swift/BIC, Account number and Institution number Swiss franc Swift/BIC and IBAN Chinese yuan Swift/BIC and IBAN Czech koruna Swift/BIC and IBAN Danish krone Swift/BIC and IBAN Hungarian forint Swift/BIC, IBAN and Account number Israeli shekel Swift/BIC and IBAN Japanese yen Swift/BIC and IBAN Norwegian krone Swift/BIC and IBAN New Zealand dollar Swift/BIC and Account number Polish złoty Swift/BIC and IBAN Swedish krona Swift/BIC and IBAN Singapore dollar Bank name, Bank code and Account number Turkish lira IBAN Ugandan shilling Swift/BIC and IBAN South African rand Swift/BIC and IBAN South Korean won British pound Euro United States dollar United Arab Emirates dirham Argentine peso Australian dollar Bangladeshi taka Canadian dollar Swiss franc Chilean peso Chinese yuan Colombian peso Costa Rican colón Czech koruna Danish krone Egyptian pound Georgian lari Ghanaian cedi Hong Kong dollar Hungarian forint Indonesian rupiah Israeli shekel Indian rupee Japanese yen Kenyan shilling Sri Lankan rupee Moroccan dirham Mexican peso Malaysian ringgit Nigerian naira Norwegian krone Nepalese rupee New Zealand dollar Philippine peso Pakistani rupee Polish złoty Romanian leu Swedish krona Singapore dollar Thai baht Turkish lira Tanzanian shilling Ukrainian hryvnia Ugandan shilling Uruguayan peso Vietnamese dong South African rand Company and team Company and team Security Press Careers Service status Investor relations Affiliates and partnerships Help centre Accessibility Feature availability checker Wise Products International money transfers Wise account International debit card Large amount transfer Receive money Wise Platform Business debit card Mass payments Resources Research privacy policy Currency converter International stock ticker Swift/BIC codes IBAN codes Rate alerts Compare exchange rates Follow us Legal Privacy policy Cookie Policy Complaints Country site map Modern slavery statement Intellectual property © Wise Payments Limited 2025 Wise is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011, Firm Reference 900507 , for the issuing of electronic money.