Send Large Files - Free Secure File Transfer - TransferNow Transfer and have your files travel for free TransferNow is a simple and free way to securely share your files and folders. Drop your files here Add your files or folders by drag-and-dropping them on this window 😉 Start Click or drag-and-drop your files here How to send and share large files with TransferNow? 1 Select your files to send Click on Start to select the files and documents to send or drag and drop them directly anywhere on our interface. 2 Fill-in our form Send files via email to your contacts or get a customizable shareable link. Our tool provides the adapted features in keeping with your needs. 3 Validate to transfer and start upload! When you have finished filling-in the file transfer form, click on Transfer to confirm your transfer information and start uploading your documents 🚀 Send files now Compare our offers With a TransferNow account you can send and share even larger files! TransferNow is the simplest, fastest and safest interface to transfer and share files . Send photos, videos and other large files without a manditory subscription thanks to TransferNow. Create a TransferNow account to get higher transfer capacity and additional features. It is simple and secure! Secure file transfer via email, or shareable links Send and share large files and other documents quickly and securely with our file transfer solution. Send large files via email or create a simple sharing link from any device (smartphone, tablet, computer) using just a web browser. Send large files up to 250 GB per transfer Get a TransferNow account to transfer large files and other sizable documents! The files are available up to 365 days before being automatically and permanently erased from our servers. Track your sent files. Manage your transfers. Use our complete dashboard to follow and track your file downloads over time. You can modify your transfers’ data and parameters, re-transfer files to new recipients without having to systematically re-upload the same documents and erase a transfer before it's initial expiration date. Use TransferNow to send files for your business Take advantage of our multi-user service subscriptions to add or import your collaborators and additional users so that they too can get a TransferNow account. Get an administrator account where you will have complete managing control over your users' access, white label customization, file reception and billing. You can also access the sending and receiving history of your business’ files. Integrate the TransferNow widget on your website and receive files easily. Discover our form generator to receive files directly on your account and customize the widget’s appearance as well as it's fields (text boxes, drop-down lists, checkboxes, radio buttons). You can get a simple HTML code to integrate into your website allowing you to receive files instantaneously. Customize your account with white label customization Create your personalized web subdomain (for example: https://mycompany.transfernow.net) add your logo and wallpaper to highlight your brand image and/or graphic identity . You can visually improve your account by adding your logo and color scheme for your transfer emails. Promote your firm’s vision by customizing your account when you send and receive files. Free trial Compare our offers Protect your transfers with password Transfer your files by email or generate a shareable link and add a password to block access to your transfers' download page . In this case, concerning an email transfer, we do not communicate the password to your recipients and leave it to your discretion to forward it to your contacts. Select the region where your files will be stored and encrypted at rest (AES-256) Select the closest storage region for your files to get the best performances or pick the region of your choice in accordance with your contacts' and users' location. The files stored on our cloud are encrypted at rest with the AES-256 (Rijndael) algorithm. Use the preventive antivirus scan function to remove infected files In order to protect your users and you , we analyze the files at the end of each transfer before making them accessible for download, if there aren't any infected files found. Send photos, upload and host images Share your family, professional, and all other photos with your friends, your family or any other recipient. Send numerous photos in high definition. Transfer images and photos without any loss in quality for your recipients! Share and send your long videos Today, video recording quality is improving daily and the size of video files is also increasing. We thus end up with files as large as several Gbs. Luckily TransferNow enables you to share videos of every size . Previews and file streaming for your users Once your files are uploaded and your transfer is available for download, your users can preview and stream the videos , audio or other files such as PDF documents. For example, it is very useful before downloading hefty videos. Use your own address book Facilitate recurring file sending to the same contacts and recipients by adding or importing the contacts from your address book. In this way, you will save time by no longer having to systematically enter your contacts' emails. Create contact groups In addition to using your address book, you can create groups and contacts lists thus gaining in productivity for recurring transfers. Integrate TransferNow to your website for file reception Discover our tool for creating customized forms and then by adding a simple line of HTML code on your internet site you can directly receive files. Free trial Customize and integrate our widget to receive files from your clients or other contacts directly from your own website. Build your own file reception forms and add your customized fields (text fields, drop-down lists, checkboxes, and radio buttons). The transferred files are stored on our secure cloud and you will receive a notification to inform you that a new transfer was received on your account. TransferNow is available for your Windows, macOS, and Linux devices. Web Use API View Windows Download macOS Download Linux Download iOS Download Android Download Transfer files directly from your Outlook and Gmail mailboxes TransferNow add-in for Outlook Optimize large file transfers with TransferNow for Outlook. Easy to use, it enables rapid uploading directly from Outlook. Save time and increase efficiency! Discover the Outlook add-in TransferNow extension for Chrome and Gmail Discover the TransferNow extension for Chrome and Gmail: the ideal solution for transferring large files easily. Perfect integration, fast and secure transfer directly from your browser or Gmail. Discover the Chrome extension Ready to get started? Discover our offers! Secure recurring payment with not commitment. Cancel at any time. 2 years 1 year Monthly Free Free service Transfer for free No registration Send files 5 GB per transfer Files available for 7 days Track downloads Password protection Simple file reception No storage Full customization Outlook Add-in Chrome and Gmail extension Custom domain Single Sign-On (SSO) save 40% Premium 6 € / month 240 € 144 € / 2 years (-40%) 1 user Register Free trial 250 GB per transfer Files available for 365 days Track downloads Password protection Complete file reception 1000 GB of storage Full customization Outlook Add-in Chrome and Gmail extension Custom domain Single Sign-On (SSO) save 40% Team 18 € / month 720 € 432 € / 2 years (-40%) 10 users Register Free trial 500 GB per transfer Files available for 365 days Track downloads Password protection Complete file reception 2000 GB of shared storage Full customization Outlook Add-in Chrome and Gmail extension Custom domain Single Sign-On (SSO) Enterprise Customized Contact us 10 users or more Contact us Customized Customized availability Track downloads Password protection Complete file reception Customized storage Full customization Outlook Add-in Chrome and Gmail extension Custom domain Single Sign-On (SSO) TransferNow Enterprise Do you want to get more 10 user accounts or have a specific need for your business? Choose the number of user accounts and the volume of storage. Benefit from single sign-on (SSO) with Microsoft Entra ID or Google Workspace. Use your own domain name. Contact our sales team to get a customized plan tailored to your organization and your needs. Contact our team Find out more TransferNow API Do you want to send large files programmatically? Automate transfers and uploads with just a few lines of code! TransferNow simplifies the integration of transferring and uploading large files for websites, mobile applications, SaaS platforms, and other custom workflows. A quick, easy, and secure integration thanks to our API & SDK for developers and tech teams worldwide. Create an API account Find out more Consult the documentation Compare our offers and features FAQs about using TransferNow to send large files The safety of your data is our priority What is TransferNow? TransferNow is an online service that lets you easily send and receive large files quickly and securely, with no mandatory registration. What is the maximum file size I can send? With TransferNow, you can send up to 5 GB per transfer for free, even without creating a user account. You can send up to 500 GB per transfer with a paid plan. Is file transfer free? Yes, the basic service is free and allows you to send large files or receive big documents at no cost. Paid options offer more features and capacity. Can I protect my files with a password? Yes, you can add a password to your transfers for free to ensure only authorized recipients can access the files. Where are TransferNow files hosted? By using our service to send or receive your files you have a dedicated and secure global cloud infrastructure where files are stored and encrypted on disk (AES-XTS 256 bits) in datacenters (AICPA SOC 2 Type II) on the European, American and Asian continents. Is my personal data safe? We neither sell nor share email addresses or personal data of our users with third parties. With due regard for the proper functioning of our service, we send an email to users that have made a recent or repeated transfer in the two following cases: unavailability of service or major changes in service (important updates, changes in terms of use, limits, etc.). Your personal data is encrypted in transit using SSL/TLS (https) protocol, as well when at rest, according to the 256 bits advanced encryption norm, and each encryption key is itself encrypted through a set of main keys in regular turnover. Do you open and/or use my files? Your files may be scanned by an anti-virus solution for security purposes and in the case where an abuse is reported. We do not use or process the files that transit through TransferNow. Are my files safe? Safety, confidentiality as well as integrity of the files you upload is our absolute priority. Thus, we are doing everything we can to guarantee their safety. In order to guarantee the integrity and confidentiality of data in transfer between TransferNow's website and the servers, all of the communications use the SSL/TLS protocol (Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security). In addition to end-to-end encryption, files stored in our cloud are encrypted on disk (AES-XTS 256 bits). If you choose to add a password to lock access to your transfer download, the password will encrypt the file(s) in your transfer and only it can decrypt the stored data. If you lose the password associated with a transfer, it will be technically impossible to recover the stored file(s). How to receive files with TransferNow? You can receive files by requesting them via email or through a secure drop link that you can share with your contacts. No account is required to upload files. Is there a time limit for files to remain available? Files remain available for a defined period (e.g. 7 days with our free service) before being automatically deleted, to ensure the confidentiality of files shared through our solution. With a user account, files can remain downloadable for up to 365 days. Can I use TransferNow on mobile? Yes, TransferNow is accessible via a mobile browser, and you can send and receive files wherever you are. We also offer a free mobile app for iOS and Android. Is there a paid version of TransferNow? Yes, TransferNow Premium, Team, and Enterprise plans include advanced features such as higher transfer limits, extended storage space, and interface customization. Find out more answers on our FAQ Take advantage of our 7 day free trial for private and business users TransferNow is the ideal solution to send your files via email (or shareable link) and receive files of every size! Exchange documents while showcasing your brand image and make a great impression on your users! Register Compare our offers TransferNow is a secure solution for transfer of large files – share and send or receive large files ( photos, videos, documents, ...) quickly. Whether for a personal or professional project , our intuitive file sending and receiving tool is suitable for all uses to transfer heavy documents. Transfer files by email or generate a secure sharing link. Request files by email or get a secure file drop link. TransferNow is simple, fast, and secure. Products Create a new file transfer Request files Offers and prices Features TransferNow Free TransferNow Premium TransferNow Team TransferNow Enterprise TransferNow API/SDK Applications Register Sign in Discover About Discover TransferNow Send large files by e-mail Get a share link Sell files and get paid Request files by e-mail Get a file deposit link Receive files on my account Receive files from my site Fundamentals Security File hosting Infrastructure and technology Terms of use Personal data Privacy Cookies Legal information Resources Help center Guides and tutorials Contact support Contact sales Developers Service status TransferNow vs WeTransfer Top 6 File Transfer Services Made in France with ❤️ and lots of ☕ . 2013 – 2025 © TransferNow — All rights reserved