Features
Pricing
Company
Sign in
Start free trial
Publish your podcast
everywhere
YouTube
Spotify
Apple Podcasts
Pocket Casts
Start 14-day free trial
Chat with us
★★★★★
“The best podcast hosting tool I've used”
RATING VIA
Product Hunt
View Reviews
Podcasts on Transistor

Here are just a few of the thousands of incredible shows that are hosted by Transistor...

Acquired

Every company has a story. Learn the playbooks that built the world’s greatest companies — and how you can apply them as a founder, operator, or investor.

Learn more
Deep Dive with Ali Abdaal

Dr Ali Abdaal is the world’s most followed productivity expert and author of Feel-Good Productivity, the brand new book that reveals why the secret to productivity isn’t discipline, it’s joy. In his podcast, Deep Dive, Ali sits down with inspiring creators, thinkers, entrepreneurs and high performers to help listeners build lives that they love. Ali’s cheerful style, positive approach, and well-researched content have made him a trusted voice when it comes to productivity. The internet means that we have access to more knowledge and information than ever before - but it can also be overwhelming. So, Ali and his expert guests focus on simple, scientifically proven, and actionable steps you can take to make real changes in your life. Ali’s a firm believer that happiness isn’t the result of success - in fact, happiness is the key to success in the first place. Ali made this discovery while working as a doctor in a chaotic hospital ward. In the past, hard work had been the answer to every obstacle in his life. But no amount of hard work was going to combat panic and burnout. So, Ali dedicated himself to figuring out a new approach to productivity - one that focuses on enjoying the journey and working towards truly meaningful goals. Deep Dive, with its authentic and engaging conversations, will give you all the insights you need to do just that.

Learn more
Diggnation (rebooted)

Diggnation is back! After a 15-year break, the guys are returning with all new episodes. Diggnation covers the top stories from around the internet. Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht give you their unique, sometimes awkward, and always hilarious take on the edges of the internet. Just a couple of geeks sitting on a couch.

Learn more
Distribution
Publish your podcast everywhere

Get your podcast on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube, Overcast, Pocket Casts, and many more!

Learn about podcast distribution
Private Podcasts
Create your private podcast

Host a members-only podcast for your company or online community.

Learn about private podcasts
Podcast Hosting
Host multiple podcasts on one account

We don't charge you for creating additional podcasts.

Unlimited podcast hosting
Website Builder
Build a website for your podcast

Choose a design and we'll automatically generate a website for your show.

See our website builder
Analytics
View detailed podcast analytics

See your average downloads per episode, popular podcast apps, number of subscribers, trends.

View our podcast analytics
Testimonials

Here's what podcasters are saying about Transistor:

Ali Abdaal
YouTuber, Podcaster, Author

We’ve been recommending Transistor to everyone we know who’s interested in starting a podcast.

Andy Baldacci
Pod Avenue

After using Transistor for just a few minutes, I decided to leave Libsyn. I can say without a doubt, Transistor is the easiest to use podcast host on the market. On Libsyn you have to go through pages of confusing options to publish a single episode; Transistor is truly a breath of fresh air.

AJ Vens
The Confused Breakfast

Transistor is an amazing platform for hosting a podcast network. Great analytics, and most importantly, might be the best customer service you will find in the podcast hosting industry space.

Gray MacKenzie
ZenPilot

I'm a big fan of recording with Riverside and then hosting on Transistor. Transistor has been amazing; you'll especially appreciate the UI, and it's very affordable.

Nathan Barry
ConvertKit

When people ask me which podcast host I recommend, I say: 'Transistor is 100% the way to go.'

Michele Hansen
Geocodio

Transistor is a fantastic podcasting platform — it just works out of the box and includes lots of other useful things, like a professional-looking podcast website.

Michael Koper
Nusii

I've been using Transistor for a month, and I'm impressed. By far the best podcast hosting out there! Super easy to use and has excellent customer support. It made launching my first podcast a lot easier!

Bret Fisher
DevOps and Docker Talk

We love Transistor.fm and they never let us down; the team is awesome!

Cameron Stack
Stacked Audio

After testing out 20+ podcast hosting platforms and working with numerous clients setting up their hosting, Transistor.FM is the one I always recommend because of its unique features, accessibility and user interface.

Rob Hardy
Ungated Creative

Transistor is the bee's knees: it's indie owned and operated, they let you host multiple podcasts/private podcasts for one price, and they have a nice simple design.

Dan Schoonmaker
CasterKit

Transistor is incredibly easy to use, is very reliable, and has the best customer service! After starting my free trial, I immediately fell in love with how easy to use their interface was. I also like that they integrate with Zapier.

Lindsay Harris Friel
The Podcast Host

Transistor lets you have multiple RSS feeds, whether public or private, for one price. For the majority of independent podcasters, this could be your podcasts' forever home.

Winner of Best Podcast Hosting

Pricing

Try us free for 14 days.

Monthly
Yearly

12 months for the price of 10 when you pay yearly.
All prices in USD.

Starter
$19
mo
Start free trial
 Unlimited podcasts
 Unlimited Team members/collaborators
 50 Private podcast subscribers
 20K Monthly downloads
 Live customer support
 Advanced analytics
 Built-in podcast website
 Podcast network website
Buy Starter
Professional
$49
mo
Start free trial
 Unlimited podcasts
 Unlimited Team members/collaborators
 500 Private podcast subscribers
 100K Monthly downloads
 Live customer support
 Advanced analytics
 Built-in podcast website
 Podcast network website
 Dynamic ads (pre-roll, mid-roll, post-roll)
 Dynamic show notes
 Auto-post to YouTube
Buy Professional
Business
$99
mo
Start free trial
 Unlimited podcasts
 Unlimited Team members/collaborators
 3K Private podcast subscribers
 250K Monthly downloads
 Live customer support
 Advanced analytics
 Built-in podcast website
 Podcast network website
 Dynamic ads (pre-roll, mid-roll, post-roll)
 Dynamic show notes
 Auto-post to YouTube
 Remove branding
Buy Business
Subscription Add-ons
Transcription (5 hrs per month)
$5
mo
Transcription (20 hrs per month)
$20
mo
Enterprise
$199+
/
mo

If you need more than 250,000 downloads per month, or more than 3,000 private podcast subscribers, contact us about our Enterprise plans.

Contact Us
Are you new to podcasting?

Learn which microphone is best for you, and how to publish an episode on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, and YouTube.

How to start a podcast
Try podcasting
on Transistor
for free
Start 14-day free trial

Transistor provides podcast hosting and analytics for thousands of organizations, brands, and creatives around the world.

Learn how to start a podcast →
Bluesky
YouTube
Facebook
Instagram
Mastodon
Company
Blog
About
Our customers
New features
Podcast
Support
Pricing
System status
Help guides
API docs
Affiliates
Podcast Solutions
Hosting
Analytics
Distribution
Private podcasting
Resources
Libsyn Alternative
Buzzsprout Alternative
Captivate Alternative
Castos Alternative
Simplecast Alternative
bCast Alternative
Tools
Episode Artwork Generator
Podcast Score Tool
Free Podcast Intro Music
Free Podcast Website Builder
Vendors Directory
Apple Podcasts Preview Tool
Podcast Website Gallery
© 2025 Transistor Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy
Terms
Government Terms