Home - Travelindustry.News World Asia Africa Europe America Australia Oceania Local Hotel Gastronomy Tourism Airline Business Tourism News Entertainment Health Sport Technology Science Politics English Deutsch Français Español العربية Search Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TRAVEL NEWS World Asia Africa Europe America Australia Oceania Local Hotel Gastronomy Tourism Airline Business All Tourism The Gambia’s Tourism Phoenix: Tracing the Post-2020 recovery and resilience… How Europeans celebrate Christmas eve in West Africa… Gambia: With up to 30°C in winter, the country is an… When Guinea-Bissau opens its doors to sustainable tourism? News Entertainment Health Sport Technology Science Politics English Deutsch Français Español العربية Glan: The hidden gem of Mindanao inspires with tropical nature and dream beaches Oliver Gaebe The green metropolis of Glan attracts visitors with its beaches and beautiful natureGlan is a coastal city in the south of the Philippines, located... Read more Qatar Airways Re-Launch daily Flights to Canberra Editor Team Qatar Airways is excited to announce the upcoming re-launch of daily flights to Canberra, with a connecting stop in Melbourne, starting in December 2025. These... Read more The Gambia’s Tourism Phoenix: Tracing the Post-2020 recovery and resilience… Oliver Gaebe The Gambia is often called the "Smiling Coast of Africa" for a reason: its enduring charm lies in its warm hospitality and welcoming atmosphere,... Read more How Europeans celebrate Christmas eve in West Africa… Oliver Gaebe Christmas under the starry sky of the Smiling CoastAs the sun slowly sinks behind the palm trees of Brufut into the Atlantic Ocean and... Read more Gambia: With up to 30°C in winter, the country is an affordable alternative to the Canary Islands Oliver Gaebe Inexpensive flights are available via London, Brussels, Amsterdam and Barcelona, starting at around $ 350 return...Interesting facts about Gambia:Gambia can be reached from Europe... Read more EDITOR PICKS Glan: The hidden gem of Mindanao inspires with tropical nature and... Qatar Airways Re-Launch daily Flights to Canberra The Gambia’s Tourism Phoenix: Tracing the Post-2020 recovery and resilience… POPULAR POSTS Gambia: A good mechanic is for motorbike travelers very important A Perfect Gambian Escape: Collaboration between Room 27 Guesthouse and Kurumbo... Avianca closed in 2024 with nearly 38m passengers POPULAR CATEGORY News 798 World 636 Technology 358 Local 284 Business 26 Health 15 Tourism 8 Sport 6 Tourism 6 ABOUT US TRAVEL INDUSTRY NEWS provide you with the latest news, photos and videos straight from the travel industry. Sitemap Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact About us © 2025 We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English Deutsch Français Español العربية Change Language Close and do not switch language