Travel Weekly | Voice of the Travel Industry, Hotels & Destinations: Travel Weekly Toggle navigation News & Featured Destinations Overview Industry News Aviation Corporate Travel Cruise Government Affairs Ground Transportation Hotels Retail River Cruise Tours Travel Technology Destinations Africa / Middle East Asia / Pacific Caribbean Central / South America Europe Hawaii Mexico USA / Canada Travel Specialities Adventure Travel Culinary Travel Family Travel Las Vegas & Gaming LGBTQ+ Travel Luxury Ski & Mountain Travel Theme Parks Wedding, Honeymoon & Romance Travel Wellness/Spa Travel Critical Topics Race & Diversity Sustainable Travel Our Voices Columnists Forum Insight On The Record Dispatch Podcasts Business coach Geraldine Ree helps sellers become leaders Ree's new book, "Atlas of a Travel Business -- Leading What Matters," was inspired by busy independent contractors who must... What luxury travelers are craving from a 2026 Africa vacation Ultrahigh-net-worth visitors want experiences that are exclusive, tailored and make every minute count. Operators say they have... Reality Check: Here comes 2026. Fasten your seat belts Columnist Richard Turen provides a look at some of the changes advisors might see in aviation, cruise, tours and more. Key 2026 changes figure to make Mexico an easier sell Updates in infrastructure and sustainability will give advisors more points to push the destination across multiple traveler... Resources Photos & Videos Preview CruiseWorld Coverage Partner Content Advertiser Spotlight Agent Training CruiseWorld Videos Guides & Brochures Quick Q's Thought Leadership Webinars Events Global Travel Marketplace CruiseWorld Future Leaders in Travel Retreat Awards Magellan Readers Choice Research Reports Power List Travel Industry Survey Hotel & Cruise Search Hotels by Region All Hotels United States Canada Mexico Europe Asia Great Britain Middle East Caribbean Africa Australia & South Pacific Most Popular Hotel Cities All Hotel Cities Bangkok, Thailand Barcelona, Spain Beijing, China Dubai, United Arab Emirates Istanbul, Turkey London, England New York, New York Paris, France Shanghai, China Singapore, Singapore Cruises by region All Cruises Caribbean Mediterranean Europe United States / Canada Australia & South Pacific Trans-Oceanic & World Asia Alaska Mexico Most Popular Cruise Lines All Cruise Lines Royal Caribbean Cruise (Royal Caribbean International) Carnival Cruise Line Norwegian Cruise Line Princess Cruises Holland America Line Celebrity Cruises Virgin Voyages TUI Cruises (TUI Touristik/TUI Travel) Swim-up accommodations at the Hyatt Zilara Cancun. Photo Credit:  Hyatt Hotel News Hyatt closes on nearly $2 billion sale of Playa resort portfolio Tortuga Resorts has acquired 14 all-inclusive properties for $1.98 billion, and Hyatt has secured 50-year management deals for all but one of them. Preview 2026 Preview 2026: The year ahead for hotels and hospitality The hotel industry is heading into 2026 with a widening gap between luxury and the rest of the market, a trend that shows no signs of changing course. Hotel News With ski patrollers on strike, the Telluride resort will recruit replacements Closed since the strike started on Dec. 27, the Colorado resort hopes to reopen two lifts as soon as possible. Cruise Windstar's Star Seeker embarks on maiden cruise The 224-passenger ship departed Spain on a transatlantic voyage to Miami, where it will be christened on Jan. 15. Preview 2026 Preview 2026: The year ahead for travel advisors Economic uncertainty remains but travel advisors are reporting that forward sales are solid, and there is a general sense of optimism about the year ahead. Aviation American Airlines to boost Chicago O'Hare operations The airline said its busiest March days will have 500-plus departures out of O'Hare, a year-over-year increase of approximately 100 flights. Today’s News Cruise Pier opens at NCL private island Great Stirrup Cay On Dec. 28, the Norwegian Getaway became the first ship to dock at the pier, an upgrade from the previous tender boat transport. Preview 2026 Preview 2026: The year ahead for cruising Cruise lines will continue reeling in guests with short sailings and promotional deals, all while planning for the next generation of private destinations and ships. Aviation JetBlue-JAL partnership is ending The loyalty agreement between JetBlue and Japan Airlines will end on March 31, just one year after it launched. Hotel News Hyatt Regency hotel opens in Nha Trang, Vietnam Hyatt said the beachfront hotel's interior design was inspired by the ocean and traditional fishing villages. Preview 2026 Welcome to Preview 2026: We're 'cautiously bullish' Research, reporting and careful analysis by our team of editors, plus one-on-one interviews from leaders across the travel industry, form the backbone of our annual Preview issue. Preview 2026 Executive view: Catherine Powell, AmaWaterways Building a brand presence in Asia and South America will be a focus next year. See More News Cover Stories See More Previous Next Preview 2026 Travel Weekly's Preview 2026 In our annual report, we take a deep dive into the events and trends that we expect will help shape the year ahead -- and offer projections from journalists, executives and travel experts of what's to come. A pilgrim reaches the end of his journey to Camino de Santiago in Santiago de Compostela, Spain. Photo Credit:  Armando Oliveira/Shutterstock Tours While war takes toll on Israel tourism, faith-based travel adapts Tour operators that normally focus on the Holy Land have discovered there's an appetite for similar itineraries in other parts of the world. A hot spring at Castle Hot Springs in Arizona, which is part of Small Luxury Hotels of the World's Wellbeing Collection. Photo Credit:  Castle Hot Springs Hotel News Hotel networks give independent properties the muscle needed to compete With exacting standards and elite membership, hospitality networks give independent hotels credibility, visibility and scale. Highlights Africa / Middle East Travel From city scenes to seaside serenity: The many sides of Kenya Best known to visitors for its safari experiences, the destination has other settings worth exploring. Sailing the Greek islands, after the crowds have left Is a shoulder-season cruise in the Greek islands worthwhile? There are pros and cons to be weighed. For most river cruise lines, it's a wrap on Christmas bookings Though many travel companies have reported a shorter booking window for holiday trips, Christmas market cruises buck that trend. A relaxing Guadeloupe getaway at Club Med La Caravelle The resort offers the convenience of a beachfront getaway along with access to a historical downtown area, world-class diving and island-hopping via catamaran. Opinion From the Window Seat Boring, predictable luxury? At the International Luxury Travel Market, sales pitches became repetitious and predictable. PR executive Julia Perowne has some thoughts about why and what to do about it. Transparency, please, on windowless window seats The very term is comedic. Unless, that is, you're the passenger stuck in one, staring at a blank white wall, when you thought you'd be able to see the clouds and landscape below you. Supplier's data breach shouldn't be on you The general rule is that an agent is not liable for the suppliers' acts or omissions. However, there are exceptions. What's on my mind for 2026: Amsterdam's river cruise plans One of the topics on my mind is Amsterdam, which will begin curbing the number of river cruise calls allowed in the city in an effort to limit overtourism. Features Previous Next The  lobby at Unico 20º 105º is where guests are greeted by their private butlers. Photo Credit:  Meagan Drillinger Unico's new Riviera Nayarit resort offers intimate luxury A cozy adults-only resort blends upscale comfort with lively atmosphere on Mexico's west coast. A remodeled executive king suite living room at the MGM Grand features walnut finishes and vibrant carpeting. Photo Credit:  MGM Resorts International Guestroom remodel is completed at MGM Grand Las Vegas The redesign was done to give the rooms a brighter, airier feel and added features like walk-in showers, lighted closets and blackout drapery. The restaurant and Italian garden at Passalacqua, a 24-room villa overlooking Lake Como. Photo Credit:  Passalacqua In the Italian Lakes region, taking time to smell the lemons An autumn stay in northern Italy featured Gargnano and a relaxing resort in the hills above, plus two picturesque Lake Como hotels. Latest podcasts More Podcasts The biggest travel stories of 2025 Route 66 tours and Christmas market cruises (are they alike?) The Last Resort: Saffire Freycinet and Flockhill Lodge On The Record Phil Cappelli on taking the reins as CEO at Avoya Travel From Our Partners Havila Voyages: Your Key to Selling Norway’s Coastal Experience Join Havila Voyages for an inspiring webinar designed to help travel agents confidently sell one of the most sustainable and... Register Now Paths to Promoting Tourism with Reduced Environmental Impacts Stand out in a competitive leisure market by curating eco-conscious itineraries for your clients. Read More January HX Expeditions Webinar Register for this upcoming webinar!  Details coming soon! Register Now The Caribbean Advisor 2025 Synonymous with swaying palms, turquoise waters, shimmering white sand and a colorful array of cultures, the Caribbean beckons... Read More January Windstar Webinar Register for this upcoming webinar!  Details coming soon! Register Now The Luxury Advisor Premier luxury brands deliver innovative solutions to enhance your high-end offerings. Read More Subscribe To Our Free eNewsletters Caribbean Cruise Daily Bulletin Europe Hawaii Home Based Las Vegas Luxury Mexico River Cruise Africa Florida Sign Up Now Terms and Privacy Policy Social Feed Facebook Twitter Tweets By @TravelWeeklyUS Popular Today Most Read American Airlines to boost Chicago O'Hare operations Africa will get its first Marriott Edition hotel in 2026 Pier opens at NCL private island Great Stirrup Cay American Airlines overhauls Dallas-Fort Worth schedule to improve connections What luxury travelers are craving from a 2026 Africa vacation More from Travel Weekly No shortage of options for travelers who have limited vacation time Tour operators are seeing rising demand for shorter itineraries from travelers who want to see the world but have a limited amount of time to do it. IATA campaign will urge flyers not to retrieve carry-ons during evacuations The issue is particularly problematic in North America, said Nick Careen, IATA's senior vice president of operations, safety and security. Suppliers, sellers, pavilions and pinky promises at ILTM Although she is only in her fourth year as a travel advisor, Stacy King has made an impression on luxury suppliers. Spirit is again in merger talks with Frontier If the parties can reach an agreement, a transaction could be announced as soon as this month, reports Bloomberg. No shortage of options for travelers who have limited vacation time Tour operators are seeing rising demand for shorter itineraries from travelers who want to see the world but have a limited amount of time to do it. IATA campaign will urge flyers not to retrieve carry-ons during evacuations The issue is particularly problematic in North America, said Nick Careen, IATA's senior vice president of operations, safety and security. Suppliers, sellers, pavilions and pinky promises at ILTM Although she is only in her fourth year as a travel advisor, Stacy King has made an impression on luxury suppliers. Spirit is again in merger talks with Frontier If the parties can reach an agreement, a transaction could be announced as soon as this month, reports Bloomberg. Dispatches More Dispatches Dispatch Budapest: Iconic sites and thermal baths Understated elegance: Celebrating Christmas on a Viking river cruise Dispatch, Disney Destiny: The Lion King dinner show and Hercules Photos and Videos See More Previous Next Disney Destiny embraces its villainous side | Dec 01, 2025 The third ship in Disney's Wish class, named on Nov. 10 in Port Everglades, has a heroes-and-villains theme. Thanos is featured... Disney Destiny embraces its villainous side The mystery of the Celebrity Xcel's secret Highlights from CruiseWorld 2025 A short visit on Bonaire First look at the Celebrity Xcel Relaxation on the Douro with Riviera Travel First Call: Star of the Seas Highlights from GTM Luxury 2025 An extraordinary encounter in Bimini Celebration Key opens Previous Next Black voices in travel Journeys Cultivating Black travel on Martha's Vineyard Martha's Vineyard is a niche destination, and having insider knowledge is essential for curating the right experience. Why using a reputable advisor matters Social media marketing and pretty websites often create the illusion of trust, worthiness and luxury. But anyone can sell travel with zero licensing or oversight. Why Juneteenth matters to all of us Travel personality Denella Ri'chard reflects on how a visit to Galveston, Texas, transformed how she views not only this holiday but American history itself. Three unforgettable stays in South Africa In March, I traveled to South Africa to explore three accommodations that go far beyond just offering a place to sleep. CruiseWorld Connection More Videos Previous Next Previous Next Sponsored Content: Virgin Voyages Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Kristy Woolums, Senior Director National & Key Accounts, North... Sponsored Content: Travel Insured International Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Barbra Taylor, President of Travel Insured International, speaks with Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group,... Sponsored Content: Travel Planners International Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Jenn Lee, President and CMO, Travel Planners International and... Sponsored Content: Celestyal Cruises Provides an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, chats with Scott Moore, Director, Key Accounts and Partnerships at... Sponsored Content: Carnival Cruise Line Provides an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-In-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Janet Wygert, Senior Vice President, Sales and Trade Marketing,... Sponsored Content: Cruise Planners Provides an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Cruise Planners’ Brian Shultz, Chief Information Officer, shares with Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, how the... Sponsored Content: Nexion Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, talks with Rich Ferrucci, Director, Educational Programs for Nexion,... Sponsored Content: Riviera Travel Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Marilyn Conroy, Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing for Riviera Travel, talks with Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director,... Sponsored Content: Cunard Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Liz Fettes, SVP of Commercial, North America, Australia and Asia,... Sponsored Content: Mitsui Ocean Cruises Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, talks with Joe Maloney, Head of North American Sales, Mitsui Ocean... Sponsored Content: MSC Cruises Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, talks with Erin Douglas, Senior Vice President, Trade Sales, MSC... Sponsored Content: Norwegian Cruise Line Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Norwegian Cruise Line is gearing up for an exciting year ahead with innovative ships, new itineraries and enhanced onboard... Sponsored Content: Virgin Voyages Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Kristy Woolums, Senior Director National & Key Accounts, North... Sponsored Content: Travel Insured International Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Barbra Taylor, President of Travel Insured International, speaks with Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group,... Sponsored Content: Travel Planners International Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Jenn Lee, President and CMO, Travel Planners International and... Sponsored Content: Celestyal Cruises Provides an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, chats with Scott Moore, Director, Key Accounts and Partnerships at... Sponsored Content: Carnival Cruise Line Provides an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-In-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Janet Wygert, Senior Vice President, Sales and Trade Marketing,... Sponsored Content: Cruise Planners Provides an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Cruise Planners’ Brian Shultz, Chief Information Officer, shares with Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, how the... Sponsored Content: Nexion Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, talks with Rich Ferrucci, Director, Educational Programs for Nexion,... Sponsored Content: Riviera Travel Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Marilyn Conroy, Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing for Riviera Travel, talks with Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director,... Sponsored Content: Cunard Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Eric Bowman, Editor-in-Chief, TravelPulse.com, talks with Liz Fettes, SVP of Commercial, North America, Australia and Asia,... Sponsored Content: Mitsui Ocean Cruises Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, talks with Joe Maloney, Head of North American Sales, Mitsui Ocean... Sponsored Content: MSC Cruises Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director, Northstar Travel Group, talks with Erin Douglas, Senior Vice President, Trade Sales, MSC... Sponsored Content: Norwegian Cruise Line Offers an Update at CruiseWorld 2025 Norwegian Cruise Line is gearing up for an exciting year ahead with innovative ships, new itineraries and enhanced onboard... From Our Partners Thought Leadership See More Previous Next Previous Next Paths to Promoting Tourism with Reduced Environmental Impacts Stand out in a competitive leisure market by curating eco-conscious itineraries for your clients. The Alps-Adriatic Region: Come Quickly. Experience it Slowly. The Alps-Adriatic region—spanning Austria, Slovenia and Croatia—is a haven for slow travel, offering journeys that offer... How Travel Advisors Help Improve the Air Travel Experience Travel agents can aid travelers in having a smoother air travel experience. The Power of Preferred Partnerships: Strategies for Building Successful Relationships Authentic preferred partnerships empower travel advisors with protection, support and growth strategies that strengthen client... Culinary Travel Trends: Opportunities for Travel Advisors Culinary travel is all the rage, giving travel advisors opportunities to craft foodie-focused itineraries with cooking classes,... The Future of Airline Innovation Soars The airline industry is transforming in response to traveler demand and the need for sustainable and optimized operations. Booking to Breakthrough: Travel Advisor Education in the Digital Age Continuous learning helps travel advisors blend digital tools with expertise to exceed client expectations and succeed in a... Tech, Tools and Tribe: The Franchise Formula That’s Fueling Travel Advisor Growth Discover how independent travel advisors can reap the advantages of partnering with the right host agency. Balancing Luxury and Responsibility: How to Sell Sustainable High-End Travel As demand for upscale experiences with an eco-friendly approach continues to grow, travel advisors are finding new ways to... The State of Accessible Travel Learn how the global travel industry is making travel more inclusive Paths to Promoting Tourism with Reduced Environmental Impacts Stand out in a competitive leisure market by curating eco-conscious itineraries for your clients. The Alps-Adriatic Region: Come Quickly. Experience it Slowly. The Alps-Adriatic region—spanning Austria, Slovenia and Croatia—is a haven for slow travel, offering journeys that offer... How Travel Advisors Help Improve the Air Travel Experience Travel agents can aid travelers in having a smoother air travel experience. The Power of Preferred Partnerships: Strategies for Building Successful Relationships Authentic preferred partnerships empower travel advisors with protection, support and growth strategies that strengthen client... Culinary Travel Trends: Opportunities for Travel Advisors Culinary travel is all the rage, giving travel advisors opportunities to craft foodie-focused itineraries with cooking classes,... The Future of Airline Innovation Soars The airline industry is transforming in response to traveler demand and the need for sustainable and optimized operations. Booking to Breakthrough: Travel Advisor Education in the Digital Age Continuous learning helps travel advisors blend digital tools with expertise to exceed client expectations and succeed in a... Tech, Tools and Tribe: The Franchise Formula That’s Fueling Travel Advisor Growth Discover how independent travel advisors can reap the advantages of partnering with the right host agency. Balancing Luxury and Responsibility: How to Sell Sustainable High-End Travel As demand for upscale experiences with an eco-friendly approach continues to grow, travel advisors are finding new ways to... The State of Accessible Travel Learn how the global travel industry is making travel more inclusive Guides and Brochures See More World of Luxury 2026 2026 USTOA Digital Guide Advertiser Spotlight See More Previous Next Previous Next Australis Cruises Explore Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego with Australis, the small expedition cruise line at the edge of South America. Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring... Riu Ventura Riu Ventura, on Cancun’s Playa Delfines, offers a luxurious family-friendly resort experience. Get to Know the Fiesta Americana Travelty Collection Fiesta Americana's rich heritage of trust, unparalleled service and unwavering commitment to every detail guarantees an... Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring spacious... Classic Vacations® Global Luxury Travel Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual traveler. Delta Vacations Rewarding You and Your Clients Riu Palace Aquarelle Enjoy Spacious Family Rooms Canberra, Australia An unforgettable Australian adventure awaits Homebelike Exclusive Vacation Rentals for Travel Advisors Kii Peninsula, Japan Sacred Pilgrimage Experiences Gifu, Japan The Samurai History – SEKIGAHARA Celebrity Cruises Galapagos CURIOSITY IS ONLY NATURAL HERE Hyatt's Inclusive Collection Inclusive Collection strives to create experiences that exceed expectations, whether that’s a dream vacation, a flawlessly... Avanti Destinations Discover Avanti’s regional initiatives,offering focused expertise and unique travel experiences with unmatched convenience. New Zealand For a limited time, get $700 in trip credit when you visit New Zealand utilizing the Explore program. Paradisus by Meliá Step into the world of Paradisus by Meliá, a collection of luxury resorts offering an immersive all-inclusive experience that... Fiji Airways Fiji Airways has expanded its presence in North America, offering easier access to the islands and South Pacific. Baja California Find paradise on the breathtaking Baja California peninsula in northwest Mexico. Fiesta Americana Travelty Collection With Fiesta Americana's rich heritage of trust, unparalleled service, and unwavering commitment to every detail, guests will... Riu Palace Bavaro A New All-Inclusive Vacation Experience for Everyone! Romer Hotels Waikiki Romer House Waikīkī and Romer Waikīkī at The Ambassador are O‘ahu’s newest hotels, rich with the island’s vibrant creative... Paul Gauguin Cruises French Polynesia's Destination Expert Ocean by H10 Hotels Immerse yourself in unparalleled vacation experiences at Ocean by H10 Hotels, where elegance and exceptional service unite in... Paul Gauguin Cruises Paul Gauguin Cruises is French Polynesia’s destination expert. Its award-winning ship, the m/s Paul Gauguin, was built... NEST Our committed team of Business Analysts fuels your growth through customized coaching and insights. Old Meets New in Nanjing, China A cultural and historic destination within China, the city of Nanjing offers a seamless blend of modernity and antiquity. TRAVELSAVERS Our dedicated Business Analysts provide you with personalized support, training and counsel to drive your success. Alaska: aka Where Adventure Waits In this awe-inspiring place also known as Alaska, memorable experiences are an everyday occurrence. Dominican Republic You can be all you want in a place that has it all. Azamara Cruises The global leader in small ship destination immersion,offering the most late nights and overnights in the industry. Riverside Luxury Cruises Experience exclusive Riverside Luxury Cruises: unwind in elegance, savor gourmet cuisine and immerse in breathtaking views... Greater Fort Lauderdale The world’s most welcoming destination awaits, with 24 miles of golden beaches, cosmopolitan dining and nightlife, Everglades... The Tour Agency Concierge A Travel Advisor App That Puts Mexico Tour Bookings at Your Fingertips Classic Vacations The Classic Way: Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual... MeliáPro: Going for More Discover more than 400 hotels in the top destinations in the world and book excellent experiences for your clients. What Are Amawaterways' Specialty River Cruises? Invite your clients to embark on a journey catered to their personal tastes, exploring enchanting destinations via included... TTC Tour Brands We offer 1,000+ guided vacations worldwide, from luxe escapes to budget adventures, we have something for every client,... Xcaret Hotels Escape to the Riviera Maya and indulge in luxury, sustainability, and authentic Mexican culture at Xcaret Hotels. Azamara Cruises Premium small ship cruising that goes beyond the traditional cruise experience, offering longer stays and overnights to allow... Elite Club by RIU A new premium concept to enjoy exclusive amenities and services that will elevate your client’s All-Inclusive experience. Bahia Principe Hotels & Resorts Discover getaways at Bahia Principe Hotels & Resorts. From the scenic Riviera Maya to vibrant Montego Bay, Jamaica and the... Personalizing the River Cruise Experience with AmaWaterways AmaWaterways offers your clients a diverse array of amenities that allow them to personalize their river cruise journey to... Why Fiji is the Perfect Vacation Destination Fiji is known for its beautiful beaches, scenic natural environment, world-class diving and stunning accommodations, but it is... Spain A visit to Spain is more than a trip — it's a life-changing experience. Here are some reasons why Spain is one of the top... Hotel Xcaret México: Stay Here to Share Discover eco-integrated luxury in the Riviera Maya, where architecture seamlessly blends with nature, amidst Mayan jungles and... Air Canada We’re Canada’s largest airline and the country’s flag carrier, providing scheduled service to more than 180 airports worldwide. Hurtigruten We are the original Norwegian Coastal Voyage. Come and discover our home with us. Qatar Experience the World’s Best Value Stopover in Qatar with Discover Qatar’s luxurious hotel offers, exclusive collection of tours... FlightHub’s growth and evolution to become a leading online travel agency Now serving more than five million customers each year, FlightHub’s growth journey traces back to its founders’ dedication to... Lessons in Luxury Selling: Driving Profit by Repositioning Los Cabos as the Ultimate Adventure Destination Los Cabos may be known as a swanky seaside destination where adventure is an afterthought. In reality, the opposite is the... Fiji Airways Fiji Airways continues to deliver its world-class service and brand-new fleet to the world, offering four routes in North... Allianz Partners Travel Insurance Advantage Where proven meets pioneering: bring your customers the best of both worlds with the Allianz Advantage Tobago ... Go Beyond Visit Tobago and see a different side of the Caribbean Group Sailings with AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Group sailings are easy and lucrative – here is how you can create your own special group experience for your clients. Hurtigruten Expeditions Hurtigruten founded expedition cruising in 1896 and is the undisputed global leader in sustainable cruising, offering... Virgin Voyages Virgin Voyages takes you to the bank with compelling commission plus earnings on pre-voyage bookables. AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Learn about the plethora of resources, marketing support and more that AmaWaterways provides travel advisors selling their... AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Why you and your clients should journey through the heart of Europe, Asia and Africa – one river at a time. Welcome to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia When a group of top travel advisors tour Saudi Arabia, the country beats all their expectations — and wins fans for life. The Rhineland-Palatinate Region in Germany The picturesque Rhineland-Palatinate region of western Germany is bursting with special-interest travel opportunities for... Puerto Vallarta & Riviera Nayarit Mexico’s Pacific Coast is home to two stunning destinations that make one great getaway. Delta Air Lines Delta Business Connects Your Travelers With the World, With Award-Winning Support Every Step of the Way Quark Expeditions Tundra to Table: Inuit Culinary Experience is the expedition industry's first of its kind Grand Palladium Hotels & Resorts and TRS Hotels Explore the family friendly Grand Palladium Hotels & Resorts and adults-only TRS Hotels in the Mexican Caribbean, Jamaica, and... Emerald Cruises Uncover celebrated waterways with the small ship experts and explore the world’s stunning seas and coastlines in contemporary... Welcome to Scenic Luxury Cruises & Tours Sailing the world’s enchanting waterways and oceans, a Scenic luxury cruise is in a class of its own. Breathless Resorts & Spas Where will your mood take you? Okayama City, Japan Art, history and tradition collide in this vibrant and sunny metropolis, where unique Japanese gastronomy and fascinating... Sandals Royal Curacao A brand-new Luxury Included® escape, where amazing comes together. Puerto Vallarta & Riviera Nayarit Mexico’s Pacific Coast is home to two stunning destinations that make one great getaway. Hurtigruten Expeditions Hurtigruten Expeditions cruises to spectacular destinations with sustainability at the core of their exploration. AMR Collection Designed with guests in mind, AMR® Resorts introduces AMR™ Collection, where every moment is worth celebrating. Kaanapali Beach Hotel Modern, redesigned rooms that reflect an unwavering dedication to Hawaiian culture and tradition. Austria's Culinary Capital Graz brims with outstanding food and wine experiences, heavily influenced by a trailblazing woman in the 1800s, whose impact... Hotel Xcaret Arte All-Fun InclusiveEnjoy unlimited access and transportation to Grupo Xcaret parks, fine dining experiences and roundtrip shuttle... Allianz Global Assistance When you want your travelers’ protection to match the standout service you provide, insist on Allianz Global Assistance. Australis Cruises Explore Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego with Australis, the small expedition cruise line at the edge of South America. Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring... Riu Ventura Riu Ventura, on Cancun’s Playa Delfines, offers a luxurious family-friendly resort experience. Get to Know the Fiesta Americana Travelty Collection Fiesta Americana's rich heritage of trust, unparalleled service and unwavering commitment to every detail guarantees an... Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring spacious... Classic Vacations® Global Luxury Travel Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual traveler. Delta Vacations Rewarding You and Your Clients Riu Palace Aquarelle Enjoy Spacious Family Rooms Canberra, Australia An unforgettable Australian adventure awaits Homebelike Exclusive Vacation Rentals for Travel Advisors Kii Peninsula, Japan Sacred Pilgrimage Experiences Gifu, Japan The Samurai History – SEKIGAHARA Celebrity Cruises Galapagos CURIOSITY IS ONLY NATURAL HERE Hyatt's Inclusive Collection Inclusive Collection strives to create experiences that exceed expectations, whether that’s a dream vacation, a flawlessly... Avanti Destinations Discover Avanti’s regional initiatives,offering focused expertise and unique travel experiences with unmatched convenience. New Zealand For a limited time, get $700 in trip credit when you visit New Zealand utilizing the Explore program. Paradisus by Meliá Step into the world of Paradisus by Meliá, a collection of luxury resorts offering an immersive all-inclusive experience that... Fiji Airways Fiji Airways has expanded its presence in North America, offering easier access to the islands and South Pacific. Baja California Find paradise on the breathtaking Baja California peninsula in northwest Mexico. Fiesta Americana Travelty Collection With Fiesta Americana's rich heritage of trust, unparalleled service, and unwavering commitment to every detail, guests will... Riu Palace Bavaro A New All-Inclusive Vacation Experience for Everyone! Romer Hotels Waikiki Romer House Waikīkī and Romer Waikīkī at The Ambassador are O‘ahu’s newest hotels, rich with the island’s vibrant creative... Paul Gauguin Cruises French Polynesia's Destination Expert Ocean by H10 Hotels Immerse yourself in unparalleled vacation experiences at Ocean by H10 Hotels, where elegance and exceptional service unite in... Paul Gauguin Cruises Paul Gauguin Cruises is French Polynesia’s destination expert. Its award-winning ship, the m/s Paul Gauguin, was built... NEST Our committed team of Business Analysts fuels your growth through customized coaching and insights. Old Meets New in Nanjing, China A cultural and historic destination within China, the city of Nanjing offers a seamless blend of modernity and antiquity. TRAVELSAVERS Our dedicated Business Analysts provide you with personalized support, training and counsel to drive your success. Alaska: aka Where Adventure Waits In this awe-inspiring place also known as Alaska, memorable experiences are an everyday occurrence. Dominican Republic You can be all you want in a place that has it all. Azamara Cruises The global leader in small ship destination immersion,offering the most late nights and overnights in the industry. Riverside Luxury Cruises Experience exclusive Riverside Luxury Cruises: unwind in elegance, savor gourmet cuisine and immerse in breathtaking views... Greater Fort Lauderdale The world’s most welcoming destination awaits, with 24 miles of golden beaches, cosmopolitan dining and nightlife, Everglades... The Tour Agency Concierge A Travel Advisor App That Puts Mexico Tour Bookings at Your Fingertips Classic Vacations The Classic Way: Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual... MeliáPro: Going for More Discover more than 400 hotels in the top destinations in the world and book excellent experiences for your clients. What Are Amawaterways' Specialty River Cruises? Invite your clients to embark on a journey catered to their personal tastes, exploring enchanting destinations via included... TTC Tour Brands We offer 1,000+ guided vacations worldwide, from luxe escapes to budget adventures, we have something for every client,... Xcaret Hotels Escape to the Riviera Maya and indulge in luxury, sustainability, and authentic Mexican culture at Xcaret Hotels. Azamara Cruises Premium small ship cruising that goes beyond the traditional cruise experience, offering longer stays and overnights to allow... Elite Club by RIU A new premium concept to enjoy exclusive amenities and services that will elevate your client’s All-Inclusive experience. Bahia Principe Hotels & Resorts Discover getaways at Bahia Principe Hotels & Resorts. From the scenic Riviera Maya to vibrant Montego Bay, Jamaica and the... Personalizing the River Cruise Experience with AmaWaterways AmaWaterways offers your clients a diverse array of amenities that allow them to personalize their river cruise journey to... Why Fiji is the Perfect Vacation Destination Fiji is known for its beautiful beaches, scenic natural environment, world-class diving and stunning accommodations, but it is... Spain A visit to Spain is more than a trip — it's a life-changing experience. Here are some reasons why Spain is one of the top... Hotel Xcaret México: Stay Here to Share Discover eco-integrated luxury in the Riviera Maya, where architecture seamlessly blends with nature, amidst Mayan jungles and... Air Canada We’re Canada’s largest airline and the country’s flag carrier, providing scheduled service to more than 180 airports worldwide. Hurtigruten We are the original Norwegian Coastal Voyage. Come and discover our home with us. Qatar Experience the World’s Best Value Stopover in Qatar with Discover Qatar’s luxurious hotel offers, exclusive collection of tours... FlightHub’s growth and evolution to become a leading online travel agency Now serving more than five million customers each year, FlightHub’s growth journey traces back to its founders’ dedication to... Lessons in Luxury Selling: Driving Profit by Repositioning Los Cabos as the Ultimate Adventure Destination Los Cabos may be known as a swanky seaside destination where adventure is an afterthought. In reality, the opposite is the... Fiji Airways Fiji Airways continues to deliver its world-class service and brand-new fleet to the world, offering four routes in North... Allianz Partners Travel Insurance Advantage Where proven meets pioneering: bring your customers the best of both worlds with the Allianz Advantage Tobago ... Go Beyond Visit Tobago and see a different side of the Caribbean Group Sailings with AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Group sailings are easy and lucrative – here is how you can create your own special group experience for your clients. Hurtigruten Expeditions Hurtigruten founded expedition cruising in 1896 and is the undisputed global leader in sustainable cruising, offering... Virgin Voyages Virgin Voyages takes you to the bank with compelling commission plus earnings on pre-voyage bookables. AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Learn about the plethora of resources, marketing support and more that AmaWaterways provides travel advisors selling their... AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Why you and your clients should journey through the heart of Europe, Asia and Africa – one river at a time. Welcome to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia When a group of top travel advisors tour Saudi Arabia, the country beats all their expectations — and wins fans for life. The Rhineland-Palatinate Region in Germany The picturesque Rhineland-Palatinate region of western Germany is bursting with special-interest travel opportunities for... Puerto Vallarta & Riviera Nayarit Mexico’s Pacific Coast is home to two stunning destinations that make one great getaway. Delta Air Lines Delta Business Connects Your Travelers With the World, With Award-Winning Support Every Step of the Way Quark Expeditions Tundra to Table: Inuit Culinary Experience is the expedition industry's first of its kind Grand Palladium Hotels & Resorts and TRS Hotels Explore the family friendly Grand Palladium Hotels & Resorts and adults-only TRS Hotels in the Mexican Caribbean, Jamaica, and... Emerald Cruises Uncover celebrated waterways with the small ship experts and explore the world’s stunning seas and coastlines in contemporary... Welcome to Scenic Luxury Cruises & Tours Sailing the world’s enchanting waterways and oceans, a Scenic luxury cruise is in a class of its own. Breathless Resorts & Spas Where will your mood take you? Okayama City, Japan Art, history and tradition collide in this vibrant and sunny metropolis, where unique Japanese gastronomy and fascinating... Sandals Royal Curacao A brand-new Luxury Included® escape, where amazing comes together. Puerto Vallarta & Riviera Nayarit Mexico’s Pacific Coast is home to two stunning destinations that make one great getaway. Hurtigruten Expeditions Hurtigruten Expeditions cruises to spectacular destinations with sustainability at the core of their exploration. AMR Collection Designed with guests in mind, AMR® Resorts introduces AMR™ Collection, where every moment is worth celebrating. Kaanapali Beach Hotel Modern, redesigned rooms that reflect an unwavering dedication to Hawaiian culture and tradition. Austria's Culinary Capital Graz brims with outstanding food and wine experiences, heavily influenced by a trailblazing woman in the 1800s, whose impact... Hotel Xcaret Arte All-Fun InclusiveEnjoy unlimited access and transportation to Grupo Xcaret parks, fine dining experiences and roundtrip shuttle... Allianz Global Assistance When you want your travelers’ protection to match the standout service you provide, insist on Allianz Global Assistance. WorldTrips (Sponsored) See More Sponsored Video: Helping Clients Understand the Value of Travel Insurance with WorldTrips Travel insurance isn’t just a nice-to-have anymore — it’s a must. In this interview, TravelAge West Editor-in-Chief Mindy Poder... Video: WorldTrips Travel Insurance Even with expert planning, things happen. With WorldTrips travel insurance, your clients are always prepared for the... Sponsored Video: Helping Clients Understand the Value of Travel Insurance with WorldTrips Travel insurance isn’t just a nice-to-have anymore — it’s a must. In this interview, TravelAge West Editor-in-Chief Mindy Poder... Video: WorldTrips Travel Insurance Even with expert planning, things happen. With WorldTrips travel insurance, your clients are always prepared for the... Majestic Resorts (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring... Sponsored Video: Majestic Resorts Discusses Resort Opening and Brand Updates Majestic Resorts is thrilled to introduce its newest gem, the stunning Majestic Mirage Costa Mujeres. On track for a soft... Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring spacious... Sponsored Video: Majestic Resorts Expands Portfolio and Shares the Latest Updates Majestic Resorts has expanded its portfolio—bringing its top-of-the-line Mirage resort to Costa Mujeres, Mexico. Join Lucien... What's Trending in the Luxury Destination Wedding Market Learn why selling the perfect multi-day experience for tying the knot is important for your business. Majestic's Breathtaking Resorts Why choose Majestic Resorts? From quality service to spacious suites, each beachfront resort offers only the best. Say 'I Do' the Majestic Way Fall in love with the Majestic Resorts' way to say 'I do', featuring a free wedding package curated to ensure the event is... Video: Majestic Colonial Punta Cana Experience all-inclusive luxury at Majestic Resorts' beachfront family resort designed for travelers of all ages. Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring... Sponsored Video: Majestic Resorts Discusses Resort Opening and Brand Updates Majestic Resorts is thrilled to introduce its newest gem, the stunning Majestic Mirage Costa Mujeres. On track for a soft... Majestic Resorts® Majestic Resorts offers luxurious, all-inclusive beachfront accommodations in Punta Cana and Costa Mujeres, featuring spacious... Sponsored Video: Majestic Resorts Expands Portfolio and Shares the Latest Updates Majestic Resorts has expanded its portfolio—bringing its top-of-the-line Mirage resort to Costa Mujeres, Mexico. Join Lucien... What's Trending in the Luxury Destination Wedding Market Learn why selling the perfect multi-day experience for tying the knot is important for your business. Majestic's Breathtaking Resorts Why choose Majestic Resorts? From quality service to spacious suites, each beachfront resort offers only the best. Say 'I Do' the Majestic Way Fall in love with the Majestic Resorts' way to say 'I do', featuring a free wedding package curated to ensure the event is... Video: Majestic Colonial Punta Cana Experience all-inclusive luxury at Majestic Resorts' beachfront family resort designed for travelers of all ages. Avanti Destinations (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Sponsored Video: Avanti Destinations' Paul Barry Discusses Easy Travel Booking Tools In this conversation between Paul Barry, CEO of Avanti Destinations, and Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director of TravelAge West and... Sponsored Video: Avanti Destinations Offers Faster Tech, Ground Support and Hot Destinations for 2025 Paul Barry joins Northstar’s Mary Pat Sullivan to share the latest updates on Avanti Destinations. Hear what Avanti has done to... Travel Now: Selling Off-Season First Quarter Bookings Bookings for travel off-season — including expectations for first quarter 2025, secondary destinations and counter-seasonal... Avanti Destinations Discover Avanti’s regional initiatives,offering focused expertise and unique travel experiences with unmatched convenience. Webinar: 2025 Ready: Avanti Advantage Insights & Online Tools Demo Learn about the 2025 updates to Avanti's Hotel Amenity Program; expanded Reservation, Operation, and Sales teams; and the most... Avanti 101: Everything You Need to Know A comprehensive overview of essential Avanti information — offerings and services, certification test and more. Avanti Advantage The Avanti Advantage means travel advisors can access benefits that enrich every travel experience with robust support. Video: Explore the Magic of Group Travel with Avanti Destinations Discover the benefits of booking groups and build the perfect itinerary for 15 or more people with these helpful tips! Video: Welcome to Avanti See what Avanti Destinations can offer your clients: fully customized tours, a one-stop travel source and experienced staff. Sponsored Video: Avanti Destinations' Paul Barry Discusses Easy Travel Booking Tools In this conversation between Paul Barry, CEO of Avanti Destinations, and Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director of TravelAge West and... Sponsored Video: Avanti Destinations Offers Faster Tech, Ground Support and Hot Destinations for 2025 Paul Barry joins Northstar’s Mary Pat Sullivan to share the latest updates on Avanti Destinations. Hear what Avanti has done to... Travel Now: Selling Off-Season First Quarter Bookings Bookings for travel off-season — including expectations for first quarter 2025, secondary destinations and counter-seasonal... Avanti Destinations Discover Avanti’s regional initiatives,offering focused expertise and unique travel experiences with unmatched convenience. Webinar: 2025 Ready: Avanti Advantage Insights & Online Tools Demo Learn about the 2025 updates to Avanti's Hotel Amenity Program; expanded Reservation, Operation, and Sales teams; and the most... Avanti 101: Everything You Need to Know A comprehensive overview of essential Avanti information — offerings and services, certification test and more. Avanti Advantage The Avanti Advantage means travel advisors can access benefits that enrich every travel experience with robust support. Video: Explore the Magic of Group Travel with Avanti Destinations Discover the benefits of booking groups and build the perfect itinerary for 15 or more people with these helpful tips! Video: Welcome to Avanti See what Avanti Destinations can offer your clients: fully customized tours, a one-stop travel source and experienced staff. Baja California (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Sponsored Video: Why Baja California Is a Special Mexico Vacation Destination In this interview between Vivian Salazar, Director of the Baja California Tourism Board, and Ken Shapiro, VP and Editorial... Sponsored Video: The Minister of Tourism of Baja California Invites Advisors to Explore the State's Wealth of Offerings The Minister of Tourism of Baja California, Miguel Aguíñiga Rodríguez, has so much to share with the travel advisor audience.... Baja California Find paradise on the breathtaking Baja California peninsula in northwest Mexico. Today's Top Travel Trends According to Advisors According to advisors, what travelers are seeking most is an authentic destination experience. Video: Baja California — Capital of Mexican Wine Baja California is where all the best elements of nature combine to create the perfect environment for making fine Mexican... Video: Welcome to Baja California Baja California offers visitors everything from fine winemaking to innovative cuisine to exciting outdoor adventure and much... Why You Should Visit Baja California Why should you visit Baja California? Besides its reputation as the wine capital of Mexico, ecotourism and impressive... Sponsored Video: Why Baja California Is a Special Mexico Vacation Destination In this interview between Vivian Salazar, Director of the Baja California Tourism Board, and Ken Shapiro, VP and Editorial... Sponsored Video: The Minister of Tourism of Baja California Invites Advisors to Explore the State's Wealth of Offerings The Minister of Tourism of Baja California, Miguel Aguíñiga Rodríguez, has so much to share with the travel advisor audience.... Baja California Find paradise on the breathtaking Baja California peninsula in northwest Mexico. Today's Top Travel Trends According to Advisors According to advisors, what travelers are seeking most is an authentic destination experience. Video: Baja California — Capital of Mexican Wine Baja California is where all the best elements of nature combine to create the perfect environment for making fine Mexican... Video: Welcome to Baja California Baja California offers visitors everything from fine winemaking to innovative cuisine to exciting outdoor adventure and much... Why You Should Visit Baja California Why should you visit Baja California? Besides its reputation as the wine capital of Mexico, ecotourism and impressive... ALG Vacations (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Sponsored Video: ALG Vacations Discusses AI, Mobile Tools & Tech Resources for Travel Advisors In this video, Pamela Burget, Senior Director of Transformation for ALG Vacations, joins Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director at... Appreciation Means Action: How ALGV Is Showing Up for Advisors This May ALG Vacations® is going beyond applause this Travel Advisor Appreciation Month, standing beside travel advisors with the tools,... Find Out What Makes ALG Vacations® a Beloved Brand With Advisors In this video between Jim Tedesco, Vice President of Sales for ALG Vacations®, and Ken Shapiro, Group Vice President and... Bringing the World Closer: Destination Diversity & Growth for a New Era of Travel with ALG Vacations(R) Travel demand is evolving—are you ready to seize new opportunities? Join ALG Vacations® for an exclusive webinar, Bringing the... Webinar: ALG Vacations: Growing with Purpose Discover how ALG Vacations® continues to invest in new products, cutting-edge technology, and tools designed specifically... Mastering the Art of Selling to Diverse Luxury Travelers The global luxury travel market is booming. However, to benefit fully from such explosive growth, travel advisors must glean a... Talking About Luxury Redefined With ALG Vacations Jacki Marks, Global Head of Trade Brands, ALG Vacations joins our EVP of Marketing and Partnerships, Mary Pat Sullivan, to talk... Sponsored Video: ALG Vacations Discusses AI, Mobile Tools & Tech Resources for Travel Advisors In this video, Pamela Burget, Senior Director of Transformation for ALG Vacations, joins Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director at... Appreciation Means Action: How ALGV Is Showing Up for Advisors This May ALG Vacations® is going beyond applause this Travel Advisor Appreciation Month, standing beside travel advisors with the tools,... Find Out What Makes ALG Vacations® a Beloved Brand With Advisors In this video between Jim Tedesco, Vice President of Sales for ALG Vacations®, and Ken Shapiro, Group Vice President and... Bringing the World Closer: Destination Diversity & Growth for a New Era of Travel with ALG Vacations(R) Travel demand is evolving—are you ready to seize new opportunities? Join ALG Vacations® for an exclusive webinar, Bringing the... Webinar: ALG Vacations: Growing with Purpose Discover how ALG Vacations® continues to invest in new products, cutting-edge technology, and tools designed specifically... Mastering the Art of Selling to Diverse Luxury Travelers The global luxury travel market is booming. However, to benefit fully from such explosive growth, travel advisors must glean a... Talking About Luxury Redefined With ALG Vacations Jacki Marks, Global Head of Trade Brands, ALG Vacations joins our EVP of Marketing and Partnerships, Mary Pat Sullivan, to talk... Classic Vacations (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations CEO Talks Acquisition, Travel Advisor Focus & Destination Growth Classic Vacations is completely dedicated to the travel advisor channel. Join Melissa Krueger, Classic’s CEO, as she chats with... Classic Vacations® Global Luxury Travel Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual traveler. How Travel Advisors Can Balance High-Touch Service with Streamlined Technology Adapting technology to business needs — while maintaining personal interactions — is key to streamlining operations and... Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations Offers Enhanced Tech Services and Top Luxury Products Melissa Krueger, CEO of Classic Vacations, joins Northstar’s Mary Pat Sullivan, EVP of Marketing and Partnerships for Northstar... Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations Offers New Advisor Tech Tools and Holiday Sales Tips In this interview with Melissa Krueger, CEO of Classic Vacations, and Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director of TravelAge West and... Classic Vacations The Classic Way: Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual... Understanding Today's Luxury Travel Trends Contemporary luxury travelers are looking for personalized and authentic experiences. Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations Launches New Travel Advisor Resources In this wide-ranging interview, Ken Shapiro, Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of TravelAge West, talks to Melissa Krueger, the dynamic... Classic Vacations Royalty Rewards Program Earn points with every booking. The Classic Vacations Royalty Rewards program offers multiple levels of benefits ranging from... Say I Do in Paradise with Classic Vacations Wedding couples can earn up to $1,000 credit plus an additional $500 towards airfare when booking 75 rooms. Book with... Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations CEO Talks Acquisition, Travel Advisor Focus & Destination Growth Classic Vacations is completely dedicated to the travel advisor channel. Join Melissa Krueger, Classic’s CEO, as she chats with... Classic Vacations® Global Luxury Travel Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual traveler. How Travel Advisors Can Balance High-Touch Service with Streamlined Technology Adapting technology to business needs — while maintaining personal interactions — is key to streamlining operations and... Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations Offers Enhanced Tech Services and Top Luxury Products Melissa Krueger, CEO of Classic Vacations, joins Northstar’s Mary Pat Sullivan, EVP of Marketing and Partnerships for Northstar... Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations Offers New Advisor Tech Tools and Holiday Sales Tips In this interview with Melissa Krueger, CEO of Classic Vacations, and Ken Shapiro, Editorial Director of TravelAge West and... Classic Vacations The Classic Way: Unique, personalized, luxury experiences at the most desired destinations, tailored to each individual... Understanding Today's Luxury Travel Trends Contemporary luxury travelers are looking for personalized and authentic experiences. Sponsored Video: Classic Vacations Launches New Travel Advisor Resources In this wide-ranging interview, Ken Shapiro, Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of TravelAge West, talks to Melissa Krueger, the dynamic... Classic Vacations Royalty Rewards Program Earn points with every booking. The Classic Vacations Royalty Rewards program offers multiple levels of benefits ranging from... Say I Do in Paradise with Classic Vacations Wedding couples can earn up to $1,000 credit plus an additional $500 towards airfare when booking 75 rooms. Book with... Azamara Cruises (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Azamara Cruises The global leader in small ship destination immersion,offering the most late nights and overnights in the industry. Azamara Cruises Premium small ship cruising that goes beyond the traditional cruise experience, offering longer stays and overnights to allow... Sponsored Video: Azamara Cruises Change Your Perspective Azamara Cruises take guests beyond the obvious, to parts unknown in ports less traveled. With the opportunity to unwind,... Azamara Small Ship Cruises to Exciting Destinations Michelle Lardizabal, Chief Sales Officer, North America Sales, Azamara joins Northstar’s EVP of Marketing and Partnerships,... Azamara Cruises The global leader in small ship destination immersion,offering the most late nights and overnights in the industry. Azamara Cruises Premium small ship cruising that goes beyond the traditional cruise experience, offering longer stays and overnights to allow... Sponsored Video: Azamara Cruises Change Your Perspective Azamara Cruises take guests beyond the obvious, to parts unknown in ports less traveled. With the opportunity to unwind,... Azamara Small Ship Cruises to Exciting Destinations Michelle Lardizabal, Chief Sales Officer, North America Sales, Azamara joins Northstar’s EVP of Marketing and Partnerships,... RIU Hotels & Resorts (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Riu Ventura Riu Ventura, on Cancun’s Playa Delfines, offers a luxurious family-friendly resort experience. Sponsored Video: Riu Hotels & Resorts Are Prime for Group Travel Sales In this video with Alicia Santos, Contracting Director USA and Canada for RIU Hotels & Resorts, and Ken Shapiro, Editorial... The Increased Value of All-Inclusive Resorts — and How Travel Advisors Benefit All-inclusive resorts are increasingly attractive to couples, families and luxury seekers. Travel advisors emphasize the... Riu Palace Aquarelle Enjoy Spacious Family Rooms Sponsored Video: RIU Hotels & Resorts Announces Major Changes and More Options Luis Dragonné, Business Development Manager USA and Canada for RIU Hotels & Resorts, reveals some major changes that are taking... Riu Palace Bavaro A New All-Inclusive Vacation Experience for Everyone! Sponsored Video: RIU Hotels & Resorts Shares Exciting Brand Updates In this video interview Luis Dragonné, Manager of Business Development USA & Canada for RIU Hotels & Resorts, sits down with... As Multigenerational Travel Increases, So Do the Benefits for All Ages Learn some helpful tips for creating a memorable multigenerational travel experience. Elite Club by RIU A new premium concept to enjoy exclusive amenities and services that will elevate your client’s All-Inclusive experience. Sponsored Video: RIU Offers an All Inclusive Experience for All Budgets As one of the largest global hospitality companies, RIU Hotels and Resorts has something for every type of traveler in some of... Riu Ventura Riu Ventura, on Cancun’s Playa Delfines, offers a luxurious family-friendly resort experience. Sponsored Video: Riu Hotels & Resorts Are Prime for Group Travel Sales In this video with Alicia Santos, Contracting Director USA and Canada for RIU Hotels & Resorts, and Ken Shapiro, Editorial... The Increased Value of All-Inclusive Resorts — and How Travel Advisors Benefit All-inclusive resorts are increasingly attractive to couples, families and luxury seekers. Travel advisors emphasize the... Riu Palace Aquarelle Enjoy Spacious Family Rooms Sponsored Video: RIU Hotels & Resorts Announces Major Changes and More Options Luis Dragonné, Business Development Manager USA and Canada for RIU Hotels & Resorts, reveals some major changes that are taking... Riu Palace Bavaro A New All-Inclusive Vacation Experience for Everyone! Sponsored Video: RIU Hotels & Resorts Shares Exciting Brand Updates In this video interview Luis Dragonné, Manager of Business Development USA & Canada for RIU Hotels & Resorts, sits down with... As Multigenerational Travel Increases, So Do the Benefits for All Ages Learn some helpful tips for creating a memorable multigenerational travel experience. Elite Club by RIU A new premium concept to enjoy exclusive amenities and services that will elevate your client’s All-Inclusive experience. Sponsored Video: RIU Offers an All Inclusive Experience for All Budgets As one of the largest global hospitality companies, RIU Hotels and Resorts has something for every type of traveler in some of... Paul Gauguin Cruises (Sponsored) See More Paul Gauguin Cruises French Polynesia's Destination Expert Sponsored Webinar: Paul Gauguin Cruises Learn how Paul Gauguin Cruises and the magic of French Polynesia is the perfect backdrop for commemorating honeymoons,... Paul Gauguin Cruises Paul Gauguin Cruises is French Polynesia’s destination expert. Its award-winning ship, the m/s Paul Gauguin, was built... Paul Gauguin Cruises French Polynesia's Destination Expert Sponsored Webinar: Paul Gauguin Cruises Learn how Paul Gauguin Cruises and the magic of French Polynesia is the perfect backdrop for commemorating honeymoons,... Paul Gauguin Cruises Paul Gauguin Cruises is French Polynesia’s destination expert. Its award-winning ship, the m/s Paul Gauguin, was built... Fiji Airways (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Canberra, Australia An unforgettable Australian adventure awaits Fiji Airways Fiji Airways has expanded its presence in North America, offering easier access to the islands and South Pacific. Sponsored Video: Fiji Airways' New Aircraft and Improved Travel to North America In this interview with Akuila Batiweti, Chief Marketing & Customer Officer for Fiji Airways, Ken Shapiro,... Why Fiji is the Perfect Vacation Destination Fiji is known for its beautiful beaches, scenic natural environment, world-class diving and stunning accommodations, but it is... What Every Travel Advisor Should Know About Pilot Training Effective pilot recruitment and training are crucial for the success of the airline industry. Find out why this topic is... Fiji Airways Fiji Airways continues to deliver its world-class service and brand-new fleet to the world, offering four routes in North... Sponsored Video: Fiji Airways Aviation Academy Discover how the Fiji Airways Aviation Academy has opened its doors for the training and education of its airline captains —... Canberra, Australia An unforgettable Australian adventure awaits Fiji Airways Fiji Airways has expanded its presence in North America, offering easier access to the islands and South Pacific. Sponsored Video: Fiji Airways' New Aircraft and Improved Travel to North America In this interview with Akuila Batiweti, Chief Marketing & Customer Officer for Fiji Airways, Ken Shapiro,... Why Fiji is the Perfect Vacation Destination Fiji is known for its beautiful beaches, scenic natural environment, world-class diving and stunning accommodations, but it is... What Every Travel Advisor Should Know About Pilot Training Effective pilot recruitment and training are crucial for the success of the airline industry. Find out why this topic is... Fiji Airways Fiji Airways continues to deliver its world-class service and brand-new fleet to the world, offering four routes in North... Sponsored Video: Fiji Airways Aviation Academy Discover how the Fiji Airways Aviation Academy has opened its doors for the training and education of its airline captains —... Hurtigruten Expeditions (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Hurtigruten We are the original Norwegian Coastal Voyage. Come and discover our home with us. Hurtigruten Expeditions Executive Interview Sustainability is not just a hot topic, it is the corporate philosophy for Hurtigruten. In this conversation, Hurtigruten’s... Standing Up for a Better World Sustainability and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) are core values that many travel suppliers and visitors are... Hurtigruten Expeditions Hurtigruten founded expedition cruising in 1896 and is the undisputed global leader in sustainable cruising, offering... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expeditions Grand Expeditions Brochure 2023-2024 The Pinnacle of 21st-century Expedition Cruising: thrilling pole-to-pole adventures and other ultimate bucket list... Sponsored: Hurtigruten US Warm Water Expeditions Brochure 2023-2024 Across vast national parks, isolated island chains, mountains, fjords and glaciers, you'll gaze in awe at some of the most... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expeditions Arctic Brochure 2023-2024 Discover Alaska, Greenland, Iceland, the Northwest Passage, the Norwegian Coast, and remote Svalbard on active small-ship... Sponsored: Explore the World on an Adventure Cruise Hurtigruten Expeditions offers small-ship adventures that provide authentic and immersive experiences to the most spectacular... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expeditions Antarctica Brochure 2023-2024 Explore Antarctica’s epic icescapes, sculpted by the rawest forces of nature. Visit landing sites, offering some of the most... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expedition Cruises Our expedition cruises are the culmination of 130 years of our exploration history, harnessed into incredible expeditions and... Hurtigruten We are the original Norwegian Coastal Voyage. Come and discover our home with us. Hurtigruten Expeditions Executive Interview Sustainability is not just a hot topic, it is the corporate philosophy for Hurtigruten. In this conversation, Hurtigruten’s... Standing Up for a Better World Sustainability and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) are core values that many travel suppliers and visitors are... Hurtigruten Expeditions Hurtigruten founded expedition cruising in 1896 and is the undisputed global leader in sustainable cruising, offering... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expeditions Grand Expeditions Brochure 2023-2024 The Pinnacle of 21st-century Expedition Cruising: thrilling pole-to-pole adventures and other ultimate bucket list... Sponsored: Hurtigruten US Warm Water Expeditions Brochure 2023-2024 Across vast national parks, isolated island chains, mountains, fjords and glaciers, you'll gaze in awe at some of the most... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expeditions Arctic Brochure 2023-2024 Discover Alaska, Greenland, Iceland, the Northwest Passage, the Norwegian Coast, and remote Svalbard on active small-ship... Sponsored: Explore the World on an Adventure Cruise Hurtigruten Expeditions offers small-ship adventures that provide authentic and immersive experiences to the most spectacular... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expeditions Antarctica Brochure 2023-2024 Explore Antarctica’s epic icescapes, sculpted by the rawest forces of nature. Visit landing sites, offering some of the most... Sponsored: Hurtigruten Expedition Cruises Our expedition cruises are the culmination of 130 years of our exploration history, harnessed into incredible expeditions and... AmaWaterways River Cruises (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Sponsored Video: AmaWaterways Offers New Ships, Theme Cruises and Hot Destinations In this conversation between Alex Pinelo, Senior Vice President of Sales for AmaWaterways, and Ken Shapiro, Vice President,... Sponsored Video: AmaWaterways' Icon Rudi Schreiner Shares Exciting River Cruise Updates In this video, river cruising icon and innovator Rudi Schreiner, Co-Founder and President of AmaWaterways, talks with Ken... AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Why you and your clients should journey through the heart of Europe, Asia and Africa – one river at a time. AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Learn about the plethora of resources, marketing support and more that AmaWaterways provides travel advisors selling their... Year-Round European River Cruising: Is a 12-Month Season That Far Off? With increased off-season sailings, travel advisors are noticing the uptick in year-round river cruise demand. Sponsored Video: River Cruises: What's New in 2024 for AmaWaterways Alex Pinelo, Senior Vice President of Sales for AmaWaterways, joins Ken Shapiro, Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of TravelAge West,... Group Sailings with AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Group sailings are easy and lucrative – here is how you can create your own special group experience for your clients. What Are Amawaterways' Specialty River Cruises? Invite your clients to embark on a journey catered to their personal tastes, exploring enchanting destinations via included... How to Sell River Cruises Here are some key selling points travel advisors need to know about immersive river cruise experiences, cruise clientele... Personalizing the River Cruise Experience with AmaWaterways AmaWaterways offers your clients a diverse array of amenities that allow them to personalize their river cruise journey to... Sponsored Video: AmaWaterways Offers New Ships, Theme Cruises and Hot Destinations In this conversation between Alex Pinelo, Senior Vice President of Sales for AmaWaterways, and Ken Shapiro, Vice President,... Sponsored Video: AmaWaterways' Icon Rudi Schreiner Shares Exciting River Cruise Updates In this video, river cruising icon and innovator Rudi Schreiner, Co-Founder and President of AmaWaterways, talks with Ken... AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Why you and your clients should journey through the heart of Europe, Asia and Africa – one river at a time. AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Learn about the plethora of resources, marketing support and more that AmaWaterways provides travel advisors selling their... Year-Round European River Cruising: Is a 12-Month Season That Far Off? With increased off-season sailings, travel advisors are noticing the uptick in year-round river cruise demand. Sponsored Video: River Cruises: What's New in 2024 for AmaWaterways Alex Pinelo, Senior Vice President of Sales for AmaWaterways, joins Ken Shapiro, Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of TravelAge West,... Group Sailings with AmaWaterways, Heart of the River™ Group sailings are easy and lucrative – here is how you can create your own special group experience for your clients. What Are Amawaterways' Specialty River Cruises? Invite your clients to embark on a journey catered to their personal tastes, exploring enchanting destinations via included... How to Sell River Cruises Here are some key selling points travel advisors need to know about immersive river cruise experiences, cruise clientele... Personalizing the River Cruise Experience with AmaWaterways AmaWaterways offers your clients a diverse array of amenities that allow them to personalize their river cruise journey to... Aon: Travel Insurance Solutions (Sponsored) See More Previous Next Previous Next Know Before You Grow: The Challenges of Selling Travel Services to European Consumers If your company sells or is planning to sell packaged travel services to anyone in the United Kingdom or one of the European... Running a Tight Ship: 7 Risk Management Missteps Your Travel Company Should Avoid How to protect your company and what should be done to avoid these detrimental missteps. Sponsored Video: The Role of an Aon Travel Insurance Broker in Today’s Marketplace Beth Godlin, president of AON Travel Practice, talks with PhocusWire editor in chief Mitra Sorrells in the PhocusWire studio at... Sponsored Video: Aon's Tour Operator Insurance Initiatives Beth Godlin, President of Aon’s Affinity Travel Practice, continues her conversation with Nortthstar EVP of Marketing Mary Pat... 6 Essential Questions for Travel Suppliers Aon's six questions help travel advisors evaluate how their travel protection plan might need to evolve with today's travel... Keeping Up With Coverage Needs Have your client travel protection products changed with the times? Here’s how to reevaluate your offerings for today’s travel... The Evolution of Travel Insurance Beth Godlin, President of Aon’s Affinity Travel Practice, joins Northstar SVP of Marketing Mary Pat Sullivan to talk travel... Know Before You Grow: The Challenges of Selling Travel Services to European Consumers If your company sells or is planning to sell packaged travel services to anyone in the United Kingdom or one of the European... Running a Tight Ship: 7 Risk Management Missteps Your Travel Company Should Avoid How to protect your company and what should be done to avoid these detrimental missteps. Sponsored Video: The Role of an Aon Travel Insurance Broker in Today’s Marketplace Beth Godlin, president of AON Travel Practice, talks with PhocusWire editor in chief Mitra Sorrells in the PhocusWire studio at... Sponsored Video: Aon's Tour Operator Insurance Initiatives Beth Godlin, President of Aon’s Affinity Travel Practice, continues her conversation with Nortthstar EVP of Marketing Mary Pat... 6 Essential Questions for Travel Suppliers Aon's six questions help travel advisors evaluate how their travel protection plan might need to evolve with today's travel... Keeping Up With Coverage Needs Have your client travel protection products changed with the times? Here’s how to reevaluate your offerings for today’s travel... The Evolution of Travel Insurance Beth Godlin, President of Aon’s Affinity Travel Practice, joins Northstar SVP of Marketing Mary Pat Sullivan to talk travel... Industry News Aviation American Airlines to boost Chicago O'Hare operations JetBlue-JAL partnership is ending American Airlines overhauls Dallas-Fort Worth schedule to improve connections Italian antitrust regulator fines Ryanair over OTA bookings Corporate Travel JetBlue brands its airport lounge the BlueHouse, and the first one opens soon United-Travelport partnership breaks new ground on NDC World Travel Inc.'s new CEO is focused on midmarket firms Delta forecasts a $200 million hit to its Q4 profit due to shutdown Cruise Windstar's Star Seeker embarks on maiden cruise Pier opens at NCL private island Great Stirrup Cay Disney Cruise Line unveils Haunted Mansion wedding venue Cruise industry fails to stop Hawaii cruise tax Government Affairs U.S. Travel Association CEO on perceptions of the U.S. as a destination Cruise industry fails to stop Hawaii cruise tax Uzbekistan permits visa-free travel for Americans Trump administration expands travel restrictions to more countries Ground Transportation Amtrak chugs along with record ridership and revenue Four more Hawaii parks are getting new parking system with fees A new way to enjoy Hanauma Bay Avis Budget pledges 'hard reset' on customer experience Hotel News Hyatt closes on nearly $2 billion sale of Playa resort portfolio With ski patrollers on strike, the Telluride resort will recruit replacements Hyatt Regency hotel opens in Nha Trang, Vietnam Luxury is right around the corner at South Africa's Sala Beach House Luxury Travel Hyatt closes on nearly $2 billion sale of Playa resort portfolio What luxury travelers are craving from a 2026 Africa vacation Luxury is right around the corner at South Africa's Sala Beach House Andaz hotel opens in Bangkok Retail South African Tourism unveils an AI travel planner Norwegian Cruise Line eliminates NCFs, with no strings attached A&K and Crystal reveal 2027 cultural cruises Phil Cappelli on taking the reins as CEO at Avoya Travel River Cruising Shopping and snacking stirs the holiday spirit on a Viking Christmas cruise The Olympic flame may be out, but France river cruising is in Dispatch Budapest: Iconic sites and thermal baths High demand spurs the creation of more Christmas market river cruises Tours What luxury travelers are craving from a 2026 Africa vacation A&K and Crystal reveal 2027 cultural cruises Tauck will close its Australia sales office VBT and Country Walkers introduce collection of cultural tours Travel Technology South African Tourism unveils an AI travel planner Travel brands find that less is more with their social media campaigns United Airlines updates app with boarding-progress feature Greg Webb is departing Travelport, and John Mangelaars will be CEO Destination News Africa / Middle East Travel What luxury travelers are craving from a 2026 Africa vacation Luxury is right around the corner at South Africa's Sala Beach House Expanded rhino sanctuary officially opens in Kenya South African Tourism unveils an AI travel planner Asia / Pacific Travel JetBlue-JAL partnership is ending Hyatt Regency hotel opens in Nha Trang, Vietnam Andaz hotel opens in Bangkok VBT and Country Walkers introduce collection of cultural tours Caribbean Travel Hyatt closes on nearly $2 billion sale of Playa resort portfolio Pier opens at NCL private island Great Stirrup Cay Aruba Marriott completes a resortwide renovation St. Maarten development will be a Setai resort Central / South America Travel VBT and Country Walkers introduce collection of cultural tours Silversea postpones Chile hotel opening to October A&K delivers a boutique experience on its new Amazon ship Rivers of opportunity: 2027 will be a special year for river cruising Europe Travel Rome will charge tourists a fee to visit the Trevi Fountain The Olympic flame may be out, but France river cruising is in Celestyal's plan to attract North Americans: Offer a new niche destination Dispatch Budapest: Iconic sites and thermal baths Hawaii Travel Cruise industry fails to stop Hawaii cruise tax Southwest will fly to Hilo from Las Vegas Kona Village resort on the Big Island plans a dog-friendly retreat Lahaina's small-boat harbor opens, two years after fires Mexico Travel Hyatt closes on nearly $2 billion sale of Playa resort portfolio Key 2026 changes figure to make Mexico an easier sell Unico's new Riviera Nayarit resort offers intimate luxury Hyatt's Alila brand makes its Latin America debut on the Riviera Maya USA / Canada Aman owner Vlad Doronin is an investor in big Miami land deal Mountain West ski resorts are praying for snow this Christmas Westgate Las Vegas bringing Elvis Presley 'Aloha from Hawaii' show to its stage Drones join the show at Las Vegas New Year's fireworks spectacular Home News by Topic Cruise Search Hotel Search About Us Contact Us Advertise Upload Print Ad Materials Digital Ad Specifications Hotel Search Questions Cruise Search Questions Subscribe to Print Subscribe to eNewsletters Terms Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Data Purchase Reprints Comment Guidelines Sitemap Home News by Topic Cruise Search Hotel Search About Us Contact Us Advertise Upload Print Ad Materials Digital Ad Specifications Hotel Search Questions Cruise Search Questions Subscribe to Print Subscribe to eNewsletters Terms Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Data Purchase Reprints Comment Guidelines Sitemap All NorthStar Brands > Travel Weekly Asia TravelAge West TravelPulse TravelPulse Canada TravelPulse Quebec Meetings & Incentives Travel Technology Corporate Travel Hotel Investment Data Products AGENTatHOME All NorthStar Brands > Copyright © 2025 Northstar Travel Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 301 Route 17 N, Suite 1150, Rutherford, NJ
07070 USA Telephone: (201) 902-2000 JDS Travel News JDS Viewpoints JDS Africa/MI https://www.travelweekly.com/