 China Travel Agency, Small Group & Private Tour Service US & Canada: 1-800-315-3949 Toll Free Search Answers Home Asia Tours China Tours Small Groups City Packages Day Trips Tailor My Trip Trains City Guide Reviews 70,000+ guests travel with us every year! 100% Tailor-made for Free Compact and Rich Schedules Surprisingly Low Prices No Trap of Optional Tours One-to-one Expert Service Selected Well-located Hotels Best Private China Tours These elaborately designed private guided tours are samples and our recommendations. Whatever you need, we have experts ready to help. Start planning your dream trip with the best China tour company now! China Golden Triangle Tour 8 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Shanghai from Incredible Zhangjiajie 11 Days Private Tour of Beijing - Xi'an - Zhangjiajie - Shanghai from Two Weeks China Tour 14 Days Private Tour of Beijing - Xi'an - Chengdu - Guilin - Yangshuo - Guilin - Zhangjiajie - Shanghai from China Small Group Tours 2026 & 2027 Join a small group tour at the lowest price and enjoy top-notch services provided by the largest online China travel agency! There are 16 itineraries covering the most popular destinations and below are the three best sales. Best of China 8 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Shanghai from China Delights 11 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Guilin/ Shanghai from Classic China with Yangtze Cruise 14 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Guilin/ Yangtze Cruise/ Shanghai from Mini Group Day Tours With guaranteed quality services and the lowest prices, our meticulously designed mini group day trips in Beijing, Xi’an, and Zhangjiajie enable you to explore the must-see highlights of these cities without any regrets. Beijing All-Inclusive Mini Group Day Tour to Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, and Mutianyu Great Wall 2 Days Mini Group Tour to Zhangjiajie National Forest Park, Bailong Elevator, Avatar Mountain, Glass Bridge and Tianmen Mountain Xi'an Mini Group Day Tour to Terracotta Army, Giant Wild Goose Pagoda, City Wall, and Muslim Bazaar with Entry Tickets More China Destinations Best China Tours Budget Travel Yangtze Cruise Tibet Tours Silk Road Train Tours Great Wall Tours Yunnan Beijing Xian Shanghai Guilin Zhangjiajie Chengdu Chongqing China Travel Guide City Guide Comprehensive China travel information on destinations, attractions, transportation, weather, maps to help you achieve an unforgettable trip! Beijing Chengdu Guangzhou Guilin Shanghai Shenzhen Tibet Xian Zhangjiajie Top Attractions Follow us to explore the popular attractions and discover the essence of the heritage left by nature  and history to this ancient oriental realm. Forbidden City China Great Wall Li River Guilin Summer Palace Terracotta Army Yangtze River Chinese Culture Over 5,000 years of fascinating history endows China with a profound culture, penetrating in every aspect of people's life… China History Chinese Food Ethnic Groups Kung Fu Chinese Zodiac Chinese New Year Chinese Zodiac Compatibility Year of Dragon Year of Snake Year of Horse China Weather Real time weather forecast and detailed climate data by month of major Chinese cities. Travel Tips Avoiding Traps Money & Cost Holidays in China China Tour Operator China Visa Visa Free Policy Visa Free Transit Tourist Visa Visa FAQ Chinese Embassy Embassy in USA Embassy in UK Embassy in Australia Embassy in Canada China Pictures Great Wall Terracotta Army Forbidden City Panda China Video Welcome to Zhangjiajie! More Videos: Great Wall Forbidden City Shaolin Kung Fu Answers If I fly into Shanghai airport, can I fly out of another airport to go to my next destination for the 240 hour visa-free transit? Yes, you definitely can. You can enter mainland China through Shanghai airport, exit it from Beijing, Guangzhou or some other airport, but it is essential that you have your exit ticket booked in advance even before you have started your visit to China. Have a nice visit to China. China Tourism News Goodbye Paperwork: China Rolls Out Digital Entry Cards 2026 Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival: A Frosty Spectacle to Be Unfolded Low Travel Season Starts: Perfect Time for Off-Peak Trips Community Endorsed by New York Times The New York Times Travel Supplement has named our company as being in their opinion a large and reliable Chinese travel agency. Our Global Site About Us Contact Us Privacy | Loyalty & Referral Customer Service Affiliate Copyright © 1998-2026 All rights reserved. License Number:L-SNX00052