Transportation Research Board (TRB) Skip to main content Discover Events Engage About Donate Dropdown items My Academies Login Personal Library Account settings Logout Division and Boards Division and Boards Transportation Research Board Oversight Unit Transportation Research Board As part of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, the Transportation Research Board (TRB) mobilizes expertise, experience, and knowledge to anticipate and solve complex transportation-related challenges. The Board’s varied activities annually engage more than 5,500 engineers, scientists, and other transportation researchers and practitioners from the public and private sectors and academia, all of whom contribute their expertise in the public interest. The program is supported by state departments of transportation, federal agencies including component administrations of the U.S. Department of Transportation, and other organizations and individuals interested in the development of transportation. My TRB In formation News and Updates Register for the 2026 TRB Annual Meeting Announcement Registration is now open for the 105th Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting, taking place Jan. 11-15 in Washington, D.C. Don’t miss this opportunity to connect with thousands of colleagues at the world’s largest gathering of transportation professionals. Nov 21, 2025 Innovative Materials in Water Resources Infrastructure: Opportunities for the Corps of Engineers Announcement Dams, locks, and levees are critical to U.S. navigation, safety, and commerce — but many are reaching the end of or have surpassed their design lives. A new National Academies report examines how innovative materials could help the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers maintain, repair, and modernize this vital infrastructure. Dec 18, 2025 David Harkey named 2026 recipient of the Thomas B. Deen Distinguished Lectureship Update Sep 9, 2025 Volunteer to serve on a Cooperative Research Program panel Dec 15, 2025 Update Eight Winners Selected for the TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program Graduate Research Awards Oct 31, 2025 News Release Wayne Kittelson is the recipient of the 2025 W.N. Carey, Jr. Award Oct 22, 2025 Update Diane Gutierrez-Scaccetti is the recipient of the 2026 Sharon D. Banks Award Oct 15, 2025 Update Chris Hendrickson honored with 2025 Roy W. Crum Award Sep 29, 2025 Update Celebrating 20 Years of ACRP Sep 22, 2025 Update Christopher Barkan is 2025 recipient of the Robert E. Skinner, Jr. award Sep 8, 2025 Update Improve transportation system resilience Sep 7, 2025 Update Tackling the Road Safety Crisis: Saving Lives Through Research and Action — New Report Sep 24, 2024 Media Advisory Winners Selected for the TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program’s 2023-2024 University Design Competition for Addressing Airport Needs Aug 26, 2024 News Release Transportation Research Board Announces 24 Minority Student Fellows for 2025 Aug 19, 2024 News Release FAA Should Modernize its Safety Practices to Manage Emerging Hazards and Support Adoption of New Technologies Aug 13, 2024 News Release ‘We Cannot Solve Today’s Challenges With Yesterday’s Thinking’ Jul 23, 2024 Feature Story Transportation Research Board Convenes Annual Gathering of Government, Industry, and Research Professionals 2024 Jan 5, 2024 News Release Eleven Winners Selected for the TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program Graduate Research Awards Oct 5, 2023 News Release Gutierrez-Scaccetti to Lead Transportation Research Board Executive Committee in 2023 Mar 3, 2023 Program News Eight Winners Selected for the TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program Graduate Research Awards Dec 9, 2022 News Release TRB Announces 21 Minority Student Fellows for 2023 Aug 15, 2022 News Release Winners Selected for the 2021-2022 TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program University Design Competition for Addressing Airport Needs Jul 20, 2022 News Release Executive Director of the Transportation Research Board Announces Retirement Mar 31, 2022 News Release Transportation Research Board Convenes Annual Gathering of Government, Industry, and Research Professionals 2022 Jan 5, 2022 News Release Ford and Wilson to Lead Transportation Research Board Executive Committee in 2022 Sep 28, 2021 Program News Nine Winners Selected for the TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program Graduate Research Awards Sep 9, 2021 Program News TRB Announces 24 Minority Student Fellows for 2022 Aug 2, 2021 Program News Transportation’s Role in Equity and Justice: Restoring and Revitalizing Neighborhoods and Communities Jul 27, 2021 Feature Story Winners Selected for the 2020-2021 TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program University Design Competition for Addressing Airport Needs Jun 24, 2021 News Release World’s Largest Gathering of Transportation Research Professionals; Transportation Research Board Celebrates Centennial Jan 5, 2021 News Release World’s Largest Virtual Gathering of Transportation Professionals Nov 24, 2020 Media Advisory TRB Announces 12 Awardees for the 2020-2021 Airport Cooperative Research Program Graduate Research Awards Oct 1, 2020 News Release TRB Announces 25 Minority Student Fellows for 2021 Sep 30, 2020 News Release Shaheen and Ford to Lead Transportation Research Board Executive Committee in 2021 Sep 28, 2020 News Release International Transportation Research Relationship Formed Between TRB and PANAMSTR in Latin America Sep 10, 2020 Media Advisory 2021 Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting Is Going Virtual Jul 20, 2020 News Release Winners Selected for the 2019-2020 TRB Airport Cooperative Research Program University Design Competition for Addressing Airport Needs Jun 24, 2020 News Release Future Transportation Workforce Video Awarded Gold in Telly’s General Recruitment Category and Silvers in Craft Writing and General, Not-For-Profit Jun 15, 2020 News Release Show all 35 items About Events Projects Publications/Resources News and updates On this page Program Units Contact About The Transportation Research Board (TRB) is one of four centers within the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. Through research, convening, and information exchange, TRB helps transportation professionals, policymakers, and researchers anticipate emerging challenges and opportunities across all modes of transportation. With more than a century of experience, TRB continues to connect research, practice, and policy to create a safer, more efficient, and affordable transportation future. Research TRB manages more than 500 active cooperative research projects in areas such as highways, transit, airports, and traffic safety.  Through its consensus studies, TRB provides independent, evidence-based advice on transportation policy to the federal government.  In addition, TRB provides independent reviews and assessments that help inform national research and technology programs. Convene TRB’s vast network includes more than 100 standing technical committees that explore nearly every aspect of transportation. Its Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C. draws thousands of professionals from around the world—the largest event of its kind. TRB also offers weekly webinars and numerous conferences year-round. Information Exchange TRB publishes nearly 800 peer-reviewed papers annually in the Transportation Research Record.  In addition, TRB releases over 100 reports, syntheses, manuals, and guidebooks across a spectrum of transportation issues each year.  TRB also maintains the largest transportation research bibliographic database in the world with over 1.3 million records. Program Units Program Units Technical Activities Through its standing technical committees and Marine Board, the Annual Meeting and conferences, and one of the most cited and prolific transportation journals in the world, TRB’s Technical Activities Division fosters collaboration and knowledge exchange across disciplines and sectors. Learn More Cooperative Research Programs Managing more than 500 research projects at any given time in the areas of highways, public transit, airports, and behavioral traffic safety, the Cooperative Research Programs produces practical research results in the form of manuals, guidebooks, syntheses, and digests. Learn More Consensus and Advisory Studies TRB contributes to federal legislation and regulation changes and advises U.S. Department of Transportation research programs through its Consensus and Advisory Studies (CAAS) program. CAAS conducts studies on transportation policy and oversees updates to the Highway Capacity Manual, which provides methods for analyzing capacity and service levels of highways, streets, and paths for all users. Learn More Second Strategic Highway Research Program (SHRP 2) Created to develop strategic solutions to three national transportation challenges—improving highway safety, reducing congestion, and enhancing methods for renewing roads and bridges—the Second Strategic Highway Research Program (2006–2025) produced a wealth of valuable information, including the Naturalistic Driving Study Database. Learn More Executive Office Providing policy and operational leadership for all Transportation Research Board (TRB) programs and activities, the TRB Executive Office oversees committee appointments, report reviews, webinars, staffing, communications, international initiatives, and information technology. The office also supports the TRB Executive and Division Committees and manages the Transportation Research Information Services’ (TRIS’) suite of library, database, and thesaurus resources. Awards The Transportation Research Board (TRB) confers and collaborates on awards recognizing exceptional achievement, distinguished service, and humanitarian efforts. In addition, the TRB Executive Committee has authorized annual presentation of a limited number of awards for outstanding papers published by TRB and sponsored by designated groups within its Technical Activities Council. Learn More Get Involved Get Involved Each year, TRB’s varied activities engage thousands of engineers, scientists, and other transportation researchers and practitioners from the public and private sectors and academia, all of whom contribute their expertise in the public interest by participating on TRB committees, panels, and task forces . These are just some of the many ways to get involved with TRB. Support TRB Support TRB Your gift can make a difference by supporting TRB’s mission or can be designated for specific uses. View our Support TRB page to learn more and become a part of TRB's future. Contact Contact Your comments are important to us and we will address them as quickly as possible. Annual Meeting or conference questions (202-334-3504) Affiliate or Sponsor Program questions (202-334-3216) Media questions or requests (202-334-2378) Bookstore questions or comments (202-334-3213) MyTRB questions or comments (202-334-1738) TRB Website questions or comments Staff Victoria Sheehan Lead Major units and sub-units Transportation Research Board Executive Office Consensus and Advisory Studies Division Technical Activities Division National Cooperative Freight Research Program Airport Cooperative Research Program National Cooperative Highway Research Program Transportation Research Board Other Cooperative Research Program Divisions Cooperative Research Programs Behavioral Traffic Safety Cooperative Research Program Transit Cooperative Research Program Contact Contact us General Questions (202) 334-2934 mytrb@nas.edu Related Topics Transportation Infrastructure and the Built Environment Economy and Workforce Subscribe to Email from the National Academies Keep up with all of the activities, publications, and events by subscribing to free updates by email. Subscribe Driving progress for the benefit of society by providing independent, objective advice to advance science, engineering, and medicine. The National Academies National Academy of Sciences National Academy of Engineering National Academy of Medicine Careers Contact Us National Academies Press (NAP) Transportation Research Board Reports MyAcademies Accounts Journals and Periodicals PNAS PNAS Nexus ILAR Journal Issues in Science and Technology Transportation Research Record: Journal of the Transportation Research Board TR News Visit Visit Us Information Current Operating Status Beckman Center Legal Policies and Procedures Legal Information Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2025 National Academy of Sciences. All Rights
                Reserved. Discover Trending Topics Transportation Artificial Intelligence Space, Security and Conflicts See All Topics Our Work Consensus Studies Outreach Activities Standing Committees See All Work Our publications Our peer-reviewed reports present the evidence-based consensus of committees of experts. Events Convening Activities Roundtable and Forums Workshops Seminar/Webinar/Lecture Series Events Upcoming events Replay See all events Right Now & Next Up Stay in the loop with can’t-miss sessions, live events, and activities happening over the next two days. Engage Work with us Sponsoring a Project Contribute Expertise Donate Opportunities Engagement Programs Grants, Fellowships and Awards Careers Congressional and Government Affairs Connecting policymakers with the National Academies Based On Science Answers to everyday science and health questions About National Academies Purpose Process Get in touch Press and Media Contact Us Our People Leadership Program Centers Careers Latest News and Stories Latest News and Stories Members Learn about membership to the three Academies Search Search Mobile Navigation Primary Mobile Navigation Discover Trending Topics Transportation Artificial Intelligence Space, Security and Conflicts See All Topics Our Work Consensus Studies Outreach Activities Standing Committees See All Work Our publications Our peer-reviewed reports present the evidence-based consensus of committees of experts. Events Convening Activities Roundtable and Forums Workshops Seminar/Webinar/Lecture Series Events Upcoming events Replay See all events Right Now & Next Up Stay in the loop with can’t-miss sessions, live events, and activities happening over the next two days. Engage Work with us Sponsoring a Project Contribute Expertise Donate Opportunities Engagement Programs Grants, Fellowships and Awards Careers Congressional and Government Affairs Connecting policymakers with the National Academies Based On Science Answers to everyday science and health questions About National Academies Purpose Process Our People Leadership Program Centers Careers Get in touch Press and Media Contact Us Latest News and Stories Latest News and Stories Members Learn about membership to the three Academies My Academies Login Personal Library Account settings Logout Donate Log In Log In Sign in to access your saved publications, downloads, and email
        preferences. Former MyNAP users: You'll need to reset your password on your first
        login to MyAcademies. Click "Forgot password" below to receive a reset
        link via email. Having trouble? Visit our FAQ page to contact support. Members of the National Academy of Sciences, National Academy of
        Engineering, or National Academy of Medicine should log in through their
        respective Academy portals. Email (required) Password (required) Forgot password Log In Don't have an account? Sign up Register Register Email (required) New password (required) Retype password (required) Password must be at least 8 characters I accept the terms of use I accept the terms of use Sign Up Thank You Thank You Thank you for creating a MyAcademies account! Enjoy free access to thousands of National Academies' publications, a
        10% discount off every purchase, and build your personal library. Forgot Password Forgot Password Enter the email address for your MyAcademies (formerly MyNAP) account to
        receive password reset instructions. Email (required) Continue Reset Requested Reset Requested We sent password reset instructions to your email . Follow the link in that email to create a new password. Didn't receive
        it? Check your spam folder or contact us for assistance. Log In Reset Password Reset Password New password (required) Retype password (required) Password must be at least 8 characters Reset Password Reset Password Reset Password Your password has been reset. Log In Verify email Verify email Verify Your Email Address We sent a verification link to your email. Please check your inbox (and
        spam folder) and follow the link to verify your email address. If you
        did not receive the email, you can request a new verification link below Resend Verification Email Subscribe Subscribe First Name Last Name Email (required) I agree to receive emails from the National Academies (required) Subscribe We respect your privacy and will never share your information.