End-to-End Encrypted Cloud Storage for Businesses | Tresorit 🔥 NEW! 🔥 Engage is here! Secure data rooms for seamless client and partner collaboration. Explore Engage Watch a demo Log in Products Tresorit SecureCloud for Businesses Work together in an end-to-end encrypted workspace - anywhere, anytime Tresorit SecureCloud for Private Use Store your personal files and memories in an encrypted vault Tresorit Engage NEW Manage confidential projects and client interactions in secure data rooms Tresorit FileSharing Share files with permission control, revoke access anytime Add-ons Tresorit eSign Get business done faster with our digital signature solution Tresorit EmailEncryption Email security that protects against data loss and puts you in control Partnership & integration Tresorit with Microsoft Tresorit for Gmail Features New Features Basic solutions Basic Tresorit Plan Use the most essential Tresorit features for free Tresorit Send Send confidential files securely Solutions Industries Automotive Finance Healthcare Human resources IT Services Legal Nonprofit Compliance CCPA CJIS DORA FINRA GDPR HIPAA ITAR NIS2 TISAX Resources Learn more Blog Customer Stories Events & Webinars Podcast Resource Library About us Support Download Tresorit apps and integrations for desktop and mobile Knowledge Base Guidelines Data Residency Data Security Whistleblower Act Compare Full comparison Box Boxcryptor Dropbox Google Drive Nextcloud ownCloud Pricing Tresorit SecureCloud for Businesses Tresorit SecureCloud for Private Use Tresorit Engage NEW Try for free Products Tresorit SecureCloud for Businesses Work together in an end-to-end encrypted workspace - anywhere, anytime Tresorit SecureCloud for Private Use Store your personal files and memories in an encrypted vault Tresorit Engage NEW Manage confidential projects and client interactions in secure data rooms Tresorit FileSharing Share files with permission control, revoke access anytime Add-ons Tresorit eSign Get business done faster with our digital signature solution Tresorit EmailEncryption Email security that protects against data loss and puts you in control Partnership & integration Tresorit with Microsoft Tresorit for Gmail Features New Features Basic solutions Basic Tresorit Plan Use the most essential Tresorit features for free Tresorit Send Send confidential files securely Solutions Industries Automotive Finance Healthcare Human resources IT Services Legal Nonprofit Compliance CCPA CJIS DORA FINRA GDPR HIPAA ITAR NIS2 TISAX Resources Learn more Blog Customer Stories Events & Webinars Podcast Resource Library About us Support Download Tresorit apps and integrations for desktop and mobile Knowledge Base Guidelines Data Residency Data Security Whistleblower Act Compare Full comparison Box Boxcryptor Dropbox Google Drive Nextcloud ownCloud Pricing Tresorit SecureCloud for Businesses Tresorit SecureCloud for Private Use Tresorit Engage NEW Log in Watch a demo Try for free Tresorit – secure file exchange & collaboration made easy Protect and optimize your digital work and life while taking control of your data—with one zero-knowledge end-to-end encrypted platform. Securely store, share, scan, and sign sensitive files in one place Manage projects with clients and partners in secure data rooms Stay productive using our integrations - Google, Outlook and more Try for free 14-day without limitation 4.9 on Capterra | 4.5 on G2.com Trusted by 11,000+ organizations worldwide How our customers use Tresorit File sharing & storage Data room collaboration Integrated eSign Secure emails Data residency File sharing & storage Securely store and exchange critical files internally and externally. Protect shared files with password, email notification, watermark, and open limit. We needed a solution that would let us store, upload, edit, re-upload, and share business-critical information quickly, every day, without ever compromising on security. Julia Berning Food Scientist at NotCo Data room collaboration Keep your client and partner collaboration strictly confidential – manage projects, tasks, and files in one encrypted, branded space. The ability to create data rooms within seconds helps us to compartmentalize the sensitive data of our clients in a very efficient way. That gives us a competitive edge and creates additional trust with our company. Ivan Vladikin CISO at AMATAS Integrated eSign Remove the hassles and risks of switching tools for eSignatures. Seamlessly manage your entire document lifecycle in one place. Using Tresorit eSign, we send the invoices via email, click on the link, sign the invoice, and it’s basically done . With the new process, we could cut the time needed to approve invoices from two to three days to two to three hours. Jens Ochsenreither Head of Medical Services Secure email Replace risky attachments - even the largest ones – with secure links or encrypt your entire email content with just one click. Now we simply upload the files to a specially created Tresorit folder, email the secure link to the interpreters, and instruct them to check it regularly to see if something has been added. Christoph Renfer President of Calliope-Interpreters Data residency Keep your clients’ data where it belongs. Choose a Swiss data center, a GDPR-compliant location or an overseas region. With Boxcryptor’s takeover by Dropbox, the need to find a compliant solution became even more urgent. Opting for Tresorit was the safest way for us. On top of that, it has also offered a better user experience. Yassine Ghennai Information Security Engineer at Uni Lausanne Try for free 14-day without limitation why choose tresorit? Built for security. Designed for You. Manage sensitive collaboration with one platform Tresorit Engage NEW Build client trust with encrypted data rooms . Create secure data rooms that turn prospects into clients and partners into advocates. Collaborate confidently, move projects faster, and exchange files securely – all in one encrypted, branded space. Tresorit SecureCloud Store, sync, and share your most precious files in a secure encrypted cloud where you have full control. Tresorit FileSharing When you already have storage but still need to share files securely with end-to-end control. Tresorit eSign ADD-ON Sign files in just a few clicks with your digital signature and manage your entire document life-cycle efficiently. Tresorit EmailEncryption ADD-ON Share confidential information and send attachments securely with just one click. Secure your digital world with Tresorit Start storing and exchanging files with ease and control. Try for free 14-day without limitation Stay on top of security trends Learn how to guarantee information security with end-to end encryption Download the CIO guideline Webinar Who's Next: What to know about NIS2 and how to be prepared Learn about the NIS2 requirements and its impact on organizations from security experts Turul Balogh & Koen Verbeke. Watch now Knowledge Base How to send documents securely via email Top email safety tools and tactics, including a step-by-step guide for sending confidential emails with Tresorit Read article Blog How Tresorit's Data Rooms Revolutionize Collaboration in Finance As financial services companies continue their digital journey, sensitive data has become a hot commodity for bad actors. Read article Webinar Who's Next: What to know about NIS2 and how to be prepared Learn about the NIS2 requirements and its impact on organizations from security experts Turul Balogh & Koen Verbeke. Watch now Knowledge Base How to send documents securely via email Top email safety tools and tactics, including a step-by-step guide for sending confidential emails with Tresorit Read article Blog How Tresorit's Data Rooms Revolutionize Collaboration in Finance As financial services companies continue their digital journey, sensitive data has become a hot commodity for bad actors. Read article Webinar Who's Next: What to know about NIS2 and how to be prepared Learn about the NIS2 requirements and its impact on organizations from security experts Turul Balogh & Koen Verbeke. Watch now Product SecureCloud for Businesses SecureCloud for Private Use Engage FileSharing eSign add-on EmailEncryption add-on Comparison Google Drive Dropbox Egnyte Box Boxcryptor Nextcloud ownCloud Other services Help Knowledge Base Resources Blog FAQ Service Status Our company About us Contact us & Imprint Whistleblowing Podcast Careers Press Webinars & Events Follow us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Reddit YouTube Copyright © 2025 Tresorit. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Cookie Settings