This site uses cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our Cookie Policy.
Accept
Deny
Solutions
Products
Resources
Mobile Heroes
Log In
Get Started
Grow your mobile business

Performance marketing, monetization, and creative solutions powered by Cortex, Liftoff’s AI-enabled growth platform

Get Started
Discover Next-Gen Performance With Cortex

AI is in Liftoff’s DNA—it powers everything we do. Using advanced neural network technology, Cortex finds patterns within significantly larger datasets, enabling improved decision-making to drive better ROI for you.

Learn more
Transform your business for the better

Choose your business type to see what our resources, leadership, and community can do for you.

I’M A MARKETER
Scale your growth with advanced ML ad solutions
I’M AN APP PUBLISHER
Maximize your revenue with a dynamic SDK
I’M AN AD BUYER
Increase access to high-quality users at scale
I’M A MOBILE GAME DEVELOPER
Build games your users will love
I’M AN AGENCY
Scale your clients’ brand and performance campaigns
Accelerate acquires the best users for your app

Attract and engage quality users at scale using ML-powered mobile advertising solutions, innovative creative strategies and unique first-party data.

Learn More
Monetize maximizes earnings for your app

Grow your revenue by matching premium global demand with superior ad experiences, maximizing earnings for every impression.

Learn More
Vungle Exchange increases your programmatic reach

Get the reach needed to deliver performance-driven ad experiences and engage high-quality users in their favorite mobile apps.

Learn More
Creative crafts ads that deliver high impact

Combine advanced AI with deep creative expertise to build and scale performance-driven ad creative.

Learn More
Intelligence empowers you to build better mobile games

Build better games with a trusted game intelligence tool. GameRefinery uses enriched data and insights from in-house analysts to make development smarter, boost revenue, and stay competitive.

Learn More
AccelerateMonetizeVungle ExchangeCreative StudioIntelligence
JUST EAT TAKEAWAY.COM
“Our goal was to improve our volume of new customers by keeping a stable performance. Together with Liftoff, we were able to achieve this. The Liftoff team has extensive industry knowledge and are always coming up with unique creative concepts. I would recommend Liftoff to other app marketers because they really understand the customer’s needs and go above and beyond to achieve the best performance and a long-lasting partnership.”
See Case Studies
PLAYRIX
“The results of buying non-personalized traffic at scale with Liftoff are encouraging, giving us confidence in our continued investment in programmatic. With the release of iOS 14, our long-term partnership with Liftoff is more important than ever.”
See Case Studies
BADOO
“At Badoo we look at the retention of users as one of the most important metrics for determining quality. Liftoff understands how to acquire these high quality users at scale.”
See Case Studies
JUST EAT TAKEAWAY.COM
“Our goal was to improve our volume of new customers by keeping a stable performance. Together with Liftoff, we were able to achieve this. The Liftoff team has extensive industry knowledge and are always coming up with unique creative concepts. I would recommend Liftoff to other app marketers because they really understand the customer’s needs and go above and beyond to achieve the best performance and a long-lasting partnership.”
See Case Studies
PLAYRIX
“The results of buying non-personalized traffic at scale with Liftoff are encouraging, giving us confidence in our continued investment in programmatic. With the release of iOS 14, our long-term partnership with Liftoff is more important than ever.”
See Case Studies
1
 / 
3
Resources
See All
2025 Mobile Ad Creative Index
Introducing AppRefinery: Liftoff’s Exclusive Platform for Consumer App Insights
New Mobile Hero: Ravid Sela From Playstudios
ABOUT US
Liftoff creates better ad experiences for businesses with advanced ML solutions that connect people with the products they love.
Who We Are
Leading brands use Liftoff to reach mobile audiences
Ready for Liftoff? Getting started is easy.
Let’s Do It

Stay up to date with news and tips from our marketing experts.

Email*
LinkedIn
X/Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Solutions
Marketers
Agencies
DSPs
Publishers
Mobile Gaming
Products
Accelerate
Monetize
Vungle Exchange
Creative
Intelligence
Resources
Help Center
Blog
Case Studies
Events
Guides & Reports
Podcasts
Webinars
Mobile Heroes
Home
Meet the Heroes
Blog
Slack Community
Newsletter
Nominate a Hero
About Mobile Heroes
Company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Log In
Brand Guidelines
Liftoff Gives
Employment Verifiers
Privacy
Terms
Opt-Out
Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
© 2025 Liftoff, Inc.
English