Triathlete - The world's number-one triathlon resource – Triathlete 26% OFF OUTSIDE+ FOR 2026 Start the year with unlimited access to Triathlete SAVE TODAY Triathlete Powered by Outside Home Featured Culture Gear Nutrition Training Video More Don't miss new adventures Get all the latest delivered to your feed. The Most-Read Triathlete Stories of 2025 Wondering what you missed for triathlon stories in 2025? We recap the 10 most-read stories so you can catch up before the new year. Susan Lacke The Best Triathlon Gear of 2025, According to Triathlete Readers Bethany Mavis One-Hour Workout: Body Balancer Chris Foster The Triumphs and Trials of the 2025 Triathlon Season, in Photos Susan Lacke The Most Inspiring Age-Group Triathlon Stories of 2025 Susan Lacke Holiday Gift Guides Gifts to Help Triathletes Log a Personal Best The Best Triathlon Gear of 2025, According to Triathlete Readers Holiday Gift Guides The Best Biohacking Gifts for Triathletes The Best Recovery Gifts for Triathletes Latest Getting Started The 7 Most Important Aspects Of Freestyle Swimming Seven tips to improve your swim stroke in time for your next triathlon. Sara McLarty Updated 13 hours ago Training 3 Things Every New Swimmer Needs to Know Knowing the answers to these three common questions can boost your swim split—and take the drag out of training. Marty Munson Updated 13 hours ago Training Ask a Trainer: Why Am I So Sore After Lifting Weights? You were so hyped about weight training yesterday, but now you're sore - REALLY sore. How long does muscle soreness last after lifting weights, and is there anything you can do to make it go away faster? Kate Ligler Updated Dec 30, 2025 Workouts Weekend Swim Workout: Swim Technique Focus Improving on the various aspects of freestyle swimming can feel overwhelming, which is why part of this workout allows you to focus on one thing at a time. Jené Shaw Updated Dec 26, 2025 Getting Started Totally New to Triathlon? Here’s Your Beginner Training Plan Interested in the idea of training for a triathlon? This sprint training plan keeps it simple so that someone with no swim, bike, or run experience can successfully reach the finish line. Matt Fitzgerald Updated Dec 26, 2025 Workouts 3 Efficient Bike Trainer Workouts This winter focus on the quality, not the duration, of your indoor trainer workouts. Bethany Rutledge Updated Dec 26, 2025 News Triathlete’s 2025 Race Series Report Shows Strong Growth, Evolving Priorities Ironman and Challenge may be the big kids in age-group triathlon, but Supertri and T100 entered the mass participation scene in earnest this year, and XTRI and XTERRA also made some big moves. Our end-of-the-year report provides both participation data and exclusive insights from the races themselves. Jordan Blanco Updated Dec 22, 2025 Training Do You Lose “Brain Fitness” During a Break From Training? Swim-bike-run is just as good for the brain as it is for the body. But if you don’t work out as much during the off-season, is there a cognitive cost? A neuroscientist explains. Dr. Daya Grant Published Dec 23, 2025 News Why Every Triathlete Needs Pelvic Floor Training From better breathing in the swim to absorbing shock for peak running performance, the pelvic floor plays a crucial role in triathlon performance. Strengthen yours with these three targeted exercises for men and women. Sierra Winters Published Dec 22, 2025 Workouts Single-Leg Cycling Workouts for a Smooth, Efficient, Balanced Pedal Stroke Identifying a weaker leg in your pedal stroke can set you up to train smarter this off-season by balancing your power and efficiency. Jennie Hansen Published Dec 22, 2025 See All Get Started in Triathlon The Complete Beginner’s Guide on How to Train For Your First Triathlon From triathlon distances to race selection to training, gear, nutrition, and more - we’ve got everything you need to start the journey to your first triathlon. Editors’ Picks What Do I Wear to My First Triathlon? How To Fuel For Your First Triathlon How Do I Know if I’m Ready for a Triathlon Swim? View
            More The Best Triathlon Events of 2025 Triathlete’s 2025 Guide to the Best Beginner Triathlons in the U.S. Looking for a low-pressure, fun, and friendly way to dip your toes into the multisport world? Check out our guide to the best triathlons for beginners in 2025. Editors’ Picks Triathlete’s 2025 Guide to the Best Sprint and Olympic Races in the U.S. Triathlete’s 2025 Guide to the Best Ironman 70.3 and Half-Distance Races in the U.S. Triathlete’s 2025 Guide to the Best Ironman and Iron-Distance Races in North America View
            More Triathlon Training Plans A 20-Week Training Plan for Your First 70.3 Triathlon This 70.3 training plan is designed for first-time half Ironman participants who want to do just enough training for a successful finish. Editors’ Picks Super Simple 20-Week Ironman Triathlon Training Plan Rock Your First Olympic Triathlon with This 16-Week Training Plan A 4-Week Triathlon Swim Training Plan to Help You Swim Better and Faster View
            More Triathlon Gear The Best Budget Triathlon Gear, Tested and Reviewed You don’t have to spend a small fortune to have fun with your triathlon gear. We’ve rounded up the best tri gear out there. Editors’ Picks The Best Triathlon Wetsuits of 2025 The Best Triathlon GPS Smartwatches of 2025, Reviewed (Fall Releases) The Best Beginner Triathlon Bikes of 2025 View
            More Pro Triathlon Dive into the 2025 Pro Race Season: Where to Watch and What to Expect The 2025 pro triathlon race schedule promises more exciting competitions and matchups. Here’s when and how to watch the best in our sport. Editors’ Picks Ironman World Championship Returns to One-Day Kona Format With Increasing Membership Costs, Should Pros Take the Ironman Gamble? How Pro Triathletes Make Money: A Deep Dive Into Sponsorship View
            More Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Outside+ Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive content, 1,000s of training plans, and more. Learn More Facebook Icon Instagram Icon Manage Cookie Preferences