Casper Star-Tribune | Breaking News | Get the latest news, weather and sports from Casper Star Tribune. Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one: 2 subscriptions for only $20! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 52° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Business Wildfires Crime State & Regional Education 307 Politics Outdoors Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a Story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a Letter Letters Editorials Guests/Columnnists Sports High School University of Wyoming Casper College Professional Rodeo Lifestyles Event Calendar Arts & theatre Music Movies & TV Comics Games & Puzzles Contests Play Announcements People Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health People Pets Join the community News tip Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Shopping Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact Us Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs Wildfires 52° Sunny Javascript is required to use this website. Get a safe (free) ride this New Year's with Natrona's rideshare program Star-Tribune staff Don't drink and drive this new year. Use the Natrona County Ride Safe program instead. Call 307-266-7233 to request a ride. Here is what’s up for 2026 in Casper, Mills, Evansville, Bar Nunn Hannah Ward With budget processes coming soon for everyone, a common concern is figuring out how to fund infrastructure replacements and repairs. State Rep. Bill Allemand arrested for allegedly drinking and driving Maggie Mullen
WyoFile.com Wyoming Freedom Caucus member allegedly admitted that ‘he drinks while driving for anxiety,’ Johnson County Sheriff’s Office report says. Authorities: This Casper Reentry Center employee brought a gun, knife into the facility Dylan Farrell A Casper man faces a felony charge of taking a deadly weapon into a state penal institution after authorities accused him of flashing a gun to a coworker and saying "f**k that guy." New Year's resolutions don't have to be a bust. Here's how you can stay on track Allison Allsop New Year's resolutions can be hard to stay on top of. Here are some tricks about what to do this year. Wyoming smashes December heat records; seasonal snow reports mixed Dustin Bleizeffer
WyoFile.com In a state where abnormal weather is the norm, even Wyomingites marveled at a wild month that broke more than just temperature records. Trump’s sweeping energy policies dominated Wyoming energy headlines in 2025 Dustin Bleizeffer
WyoFile.com Conservationists decried Trump’s policies, while Wyomingites clashed on nuclear manufacturing proposals. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You Afton twin brothers roped a world title at the Junior National Finals Rodeo Authorities: This Casper Reentry Center employee brought a gun, knife into the facility Wyoming smashes December heat records; seasonal snow reports mixed The Latest Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium In 2023, The Buffalo News asked its readers to share their memories of the day Rich Stadium hosted its first Buffalo Bills game. Here's what they had to say. Wyoming neighbors: Obituaries for December 31 Read through the obituaries published today in Casper Star-Tribune. December 30 recap: Wyoming news you may have missed today Get a recap of Tuesday's local news stories from Casper Star-Tribune. Wyoming neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in Casper Star-Tribune. December 29 recap: Wyoming news you may have missed today Get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from Casper Star-Tribune. Wyoming neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in Casper Star-Tribune. Wyoming neighbors: Obituaries for December 28 Read through the obituaries published today in Casper Star-Tribune. Wyoming neighbors: Obituaries for December 27 Read through the obituaries published today in Casper Star-Tribune. Editor's Pick Here is what’s up for 2026 in Casper, Mills, Evansville, Bar Nunn Hannah Ward With budget processes coming soon for everyone, a common concern is figuring out how to fund infrastructure replacements and repairs. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium RAW: FILE: TRUMP ISSUES FIRST VETOES OF SECOND TERM "The Wire" star Isiah Whitlock Jr. has died Sports Girls high school basketball scoreboard Girls high school basketball scoreboard Boys high school basketball scoreboard Boys high school basketball scoreboard High school basketball standings through Dec. 25 High school basketball standings Girls high school basketball weekend scoreboard Girls high school basketball weekend scoreboard Listen Now Podcasts Which of these 2026 predictions will look smartest 12 months from now? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎧 The hosts debate political shake-ups, electric vehicle momentum and artificial intelligence backlash in the new year, and then grade the forecasts they made one year earlier. Ranking the best movies and TV shows of 2025 | Streamed & Screened podcast In this week's episode, co-hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz share their favorite movies and television shows from the year. Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Life & Entertainment New Year's celebrated around the globe with defiance or hope Drummers pounded in the New Year and computer-generated horses were shown over the Great Wall in China as Asia marked the start of 2026. Photos of New Year's celebrations around the globe Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 The world has begun saying goodbye to 2025, with South Pacific nations first to welcome 2026. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Provided What Slip-and-Fall Injury Data Reveals About Everyday Safety Risks Provided content. Slip-and-fall accidents offer a clear example of how proactive safety measures can improve health outcomes, reduce costs, and support safety. Sponsored Build your own legacy with land ownership in Wyoming Content by The Brooks Companies. Learn how purchasing land in Wyoming can help build a lasting legacy for your family. Provided The New Stress Economy: What People Are Doing to Cope, And What Actually Works Provided content. As the stress economy evolves, the report highlights practices that build long-term emotional health and guide people and industries toward sustainable well-being. Sponsored End-of-year dental visits provide lasting benefits at Brook Trout Dental Content by Brook Trout Dental. Learn about the advantages of booking a year-end dental appointment at Brook Trout Dental. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Science Zone Po Box 2701, Mills, WY 82644 Backspace. 3500 VICKSBURG LANE NORTH STE 400-164, Plymouth, MN 55447 The Align Team 822 W 23RD ST., Cheyenne, WY 82001 Print Ads Legal WY Oil & Gas - Ad from 2025-12-30 Legal WY Oil & Gas - Ad from 2025-12-30 Legal NC Commissioners - Ad from 2025-12-27 × Facebook Twitter YouTube WyoVarsity Pokes Authority Sites & Partners E-edition Obituaries Weather Comics Puzzles and Horoscopes Town Crier Online Features Work At Wyoming Special Sections Services Contact Us Customer Service Activate Your Subscription Email Updates Jobs Real Estate Auto Legals Dealer Returns Other Classifieds Advertise Work here Become a Carrier Licensing Shopping © Copyright 2025 Casper Star-Tribune , 100 N. Ash Street Casper, WY 82604-2883 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe