The classic browser game Tribal Wars - play for free and online! Innogames.com Arabic Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English (International) English (UK) English (US) French German Greek Hungarian Italian Norwegian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Public Beta Romanian Russian Slovakian Slovenian Spanish Swedish Swiss German Thai Turkish Ukrainian More Games: Play now Forge of Empires Lead your city from the stone age through the centuries and forge a vast empire! Heroes of History Heroes of History – Expand your city, gather mythical heroes and battle your way through history! Rise of Cultures Rise of Cultures – Build your city, unlock old civilizations and fight strategic battles! Sunrise Village Explore a mysterious world, dive into adventures, and take care of your village! Elvenar Choose between elves and humans and build a mystical city in a fantasy world! Grepolis Build majestic cities, create a strong alliance, choose your patron god and conquer the world! Tribal Wars 2 Tribal Wars 2 – build and fortify your medieval castle The West Explore the wild frontier and experience exciting adventures and duels. The West awaits you! Elvenar – Build a fantasy city Tribal Wars 2 – the sequel to the classic Forge of Empires – Strategy through the ages Grepolis – Build your empire in ancient Greece Home - Rules - World Info - Speed Rounds - Support - Help - Forum - Follow us on Login Tribal Wars Tribal Wars is a browser-based game set in the Middle Ages. Every player controls a small village, striving for power and glory. Register now for free! Screenshots of the browser game: Login User name: Password: Remember me Login Password recovery Dec 31,2025 12:51 W153 has been announced, check it out in our forums! » more Mar 07,2024 09:37 Come chat with us on our Community Discord! We and our trusted partners use cookies and measurement technologies to give you the most relevant experience and provide advertising in line with your interests. Got it, thanks Back More info Game Rules Hall of Fame World Settings Statistics Speed Rounds Wallpapers Community Forum Instagram Facebook Discord YouTube TW Stats Help & Support Help Support Ticket Questions forum Team InnoGames Career Support Team Development Team History © 2003 - 2026 InnoGames GmbH · Imprint · Data privacy · Terms and conditions This site is protected by hCaptcha and its Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.