AI-driven automated software testing tools | Tricentis Forrester recognizes Tricentis as a Leader in Autonomous Testing Platforms Read news Skip to content Company Management team Careers News Locations Partners Blog Customer Portal En De Fr Ko Ja Es Pt Solutions Back Solutions By Initiative AI-powered quality Replace legacy tools Cloud migration & delivery Improve speed Reduce cost By Application SAP Oracle Salesforce ServiceNow Snowflake Workday By Industry Energy & Utilities Financial Services Insurance Public Sector Healthcare & Life Sciences Retail Technology Telecom Manufacturing All solutions Featured blog Oracle’s AI momentum and why quality assurance matters more than ever The rapidly changing AI landscape was on display at Oracle’s AI World. Learn how Tricentis helps customers manage risks that come with it. Learn more Products Back Products Test Management qTest Enterprise test management Vera Digital validation Quality Intelligence SeaLights Code and test quality analytics LiveCompare Change analytics for SAP Test Automation Tosca Enterprise end-to-end Testim Custom web and mobile apps Testim Salesforce SFDC apps and customizations Data Integrity End-to-end data assurance Performance Testing NeoLoad Load and performance testing Mobile Testing Tosca Mobile End-to-end mobile testing Testim Mobile Custom mobile app testing Explore all products Featured webinar The future of test management in an AI-driven world Join our webinar to learn why the right test management strategy will be foundational for agentic AI success. Learn more Services & Support Back Services & Support Get started Consulting services Transformation toolkit Maturity assessment Follow a framework Learn & engage Academy training ShiftSync community Get support Customer support Customer success team Product documentation All services Tricentis Academy Take your testing abilities to the next level with Academy training Whether you’re just starting out or a seasoned user, our course catalog has you covered. Learn by product, role, or skill level—available live or on-demand. Perfect for mastering new skills or refreshing your knowledge. Learn more Resources Back Resources Resources Case studies eBooks & Guides Reports & White Papers Webinars & videos Learn Product insights Product tours Trials Product updates AI-powered quality Events Tricentis Transform 2025 Upcoming webinars Past conference highlights View all events All resources Conference highlights Panel discussion: Setting the workforce AI training agenda At Transform 2025, tech leaders discussed how they are strategically pivoting their workforces to embrace AI. Learn more Contact Back Contact Customer awards Skip to content Company Management team Careers News Locations Partners Blog Customer Portal En De Fr Ko Ja Es Pt Trials & demos Tricentis named a Leader in the 2025 Forrester Wave™: Autonomous Testing Platforms Read more Agentic AI for enterprise software quality The only agentic AI software quality platform that covers enterprise test automation, test management, performance testing, and quality intelligence. End-to-end results with any AI model, any application, any infrastructure, and any organization. Learn more Born in quality, built on AI Tricentis combines the power of AI with decades of innovation in quality engineering. Our approach to AI-powered software quality is trusted by over 3,000 customers, including some of the largest brands in the world. Learn more Tricentis named a Leader in the 2025 Forrester Wave™: Autonomous Testing Platforms Read more Agentic AI for enterprise software quality The only agentic AI software quality platform that covers enterprise test automation, test management, performance testing, and quality intelligence. End-to-end results with any AI model, any application, any infrastructure, and any organization. Learn more Born in quality, built on AI Tricentis combines the power of AI with decades of innovation in quality engineering. Our approach to AI-powered software quality is trusted by over 3,000 customers, including some of the largest brands in the world. Learn more Tricentis named a Leader in the 2025 Forrester Wave™: Autonomous Testing Platforms Read more 1 2 3 Leading brands rely on Tricentis 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant Tricentis has been named a Leader and is positioned highest for Ability to Execute in the first-ever Gartner ® Magic Quadrant™ for AI-Augmented Software Testing Tools. Read more The Tricentis platform The market leading AI-enabled software quality platform Test automation Test management Performance testing Data & quality intelligence Mobile testing Test automation Test automation Test management Performance testing Data & quality intelligence Mobile testing Test automation Test automation for every process, application, and platform Tricentis offers the most comprehensive set of test automation capabilities to address your top challenges. With Tricentis, you can test broad multi-application businesses processes, dynamic, agile-developed applications, and vendor-specific customizations and add-ons. Learn more Test management Complete traceability, governance, and visibility for every app and every team Tricentis test management is the central operating system for your quality engineering organization. It ensures traceability and governance, orchestrates automated testing, and provides full-cycle traceability and visibility across the business, for any application, and for every stakeholder. Learn more Performance testing Continuous performance testing for modern applications Tricentis NeoLoad simplifies and scales performance testing across APIs, microservices, and end-to-end applications. With innovative protocol and browser-based capabilities, it’s designed to optimize the user experience of all your applications. Learn more Data & quality intelligence Reduce risk, time, and costs with confidence Tricentis SeaLights blocks untested code changes from reaching production and executes only the changed based tests, for every test type and stage. Tricentis Data Integrity helps ensure quality of data as it travels between your source systems and data warehouse to your reports, dashboards, and business processes. Tricentis LiveCompare provides AI-powered analytics and insights that significantly reduce the risk, time, and cost of delivering and supporting changes to SAP solutions. SeaLights LiveCompare Data Integrity Mobile testing Faster mobile testing with model-based, codeless test automation Tricentis accelerates mobile application testing with powerful model-based automated testing and fast, codeless authoring, so teams can rapidly create and maintain mobile tests on physical and virtual mobile devices. Learn more Featured resources Learn more about AI in quality engineering Explore our resources. Find the information you need to make an AI-driven future a reality. The future of testing is agentic: What does this mean for you? In early 2025, Open AI launched Operators, DeepSeek caused a U.S. stock market crash, and concern grew across industries about the impact of AI agents on jobs. Watch webinar A new era of agentic testing: Introducing remote MCP, Agentic Test Automation, and AI workflow capabilities In this exclusive webinar, we’ll show you three just-announced, industry-first agentic AI capabilities. Learn more We bet on Anthropic: Claude 3.7 is proof we were right Computer-using AI agents have been a long time coming; now they are here, providing amazing opportunities to boost the efficiency of quality assurance teams. Learn more We’re excited about where Tricentis is going with their agentic strategy. Being part of their co-development program, our testing team gained early access to Tricentis remote MCP servers and it’s been a major unlock. Our engineers can now explore ideas and iterate faster with Tricentis tools just by describing to AI what they want. It’s a shift from using tools to collaborating with them, and it’s going to help transform how we do Quality Engineering at Wolters Kluwer. Paul DiGrazia VP Quality Engineering Wolters Kluwer View case study Get started with Tricentis Get a demo or trial Company Careers News Team Partners Trust & Security Services & Support Customer support Product documentation Training Transformation toolkit Resources Case studies eBooks & Guides Webinars & Videos Reports & White Papers Blog Learn Events Tricentis Transform 2025 Upcoming webinars Public sector events Recent conference highlights Contact us Demos & Trials Locations Follow Us Get a demo or trial Send your testing into overdrive Copyright ©2025 Tricentis. All Rights Reserved Exercise Your Privacy Rights Privacy Policy Legal Information Terms and Conditions Sitemap