Home | TRICARE Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Official websites use .mil A .mil website belongs to an official U.S.
                            Department of Defense organization. Secure .mil websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
                            the .mil website. Share sensitive information only on official,
                            secure websites. You are leaving tricare.mil The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the Department of Defense of non-U.S. Government sites or the information, products, or services contained therein. Although the Defense Health Agency may or may not use these sites as additional distribution channels for Department of Defense information, it does not exercise editorial control over all of the information that you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this website. OK Cancel Go to TRICARE home Search Find My Login Site-wide Search Enter a search term Menu Main Navigation Find My Login Plans & Eligibility Find a TRICARE Plan Eligibility TRICARE 101 Health Plans Compare Plans Enroll or Purchase a Plan Using Other Health Insurance Dental Plans Special Programs Getting Care Types of Care Find a Doctor Book Appointments Getting Care & Special Scenarios TRICARE Access to Care Standards Virtual Health: Care From Anywhere What's Covered Health Care Dental Care Pharmacy Mental Health Care Reproductive Health Special Needs Vision How a Benefit Becomes Covered Costs All Costs Health Plan Costs Pharmacy Costs Dental Costs Cost Terms Pay My Bill Life Events Qualifying Life Events Retiring Separating from Active Duty Giving Birth or Adopting Getting Married Moving Getting a Divorce or Annulment Becoming Medicare-Eligible Going to College Children Turning 21 Losing or Gaining Other Health Insurance Death in the Family Moving When Deploying Injured on Active Duty Activating Deactivating Patient Resources Filing Claims Download a Form Contact Us Military Health System Customer Service Community Directory Go Paperless Multimedia Center Patient Safety Rights and Responsibilities My Military Health Records Contact Us Secure Email/Chat Call Us File a Grievance Report Fraud and Abuse Health and Wellness Healthy Living Substance Use Disorders Anomalous Health Incidents Brain Injury Awareness Children's Health Mental Health Pain Management Public Health Preventive Services Virtual Education Center Vision Health Warrior Care FAQs Publications Handbooks Costs Brochures Fact Sheets TRICARE Contact Wallet Card Newsletters Resources Filing Claims Download a Form Contact Us Go Paperless Multimedia Center Patient Safety Rights and Responsibilities My Military Health Records About Us RSS Feeds Changes Regions Partners TRICARE and the Affordable Care Act TRICARE® Trademark and Branding Program For Providers For Staff For Members of the Media For Vendors TRICARE Newsroom Check Out Your 2026 TRICARE Health Plan Costs Review the costs for your TRICARE health plan as of Jan. 1, 2026. Your costs are different based on your beneficiary category, group, and health plan option. Find a TRICARE Plan See what plans you may qualify to use See More Find a Doctor Search the proper provider directory to find a doctor See More Find a Phone Number Get the right phone number and contact info See More I WANT TO Contact the Suicide and Crisis Lifeline Learn about TRICARE During Deployment Get Proof of TRICARE Coverage View My Referrals/Authorizations View My Military Health Record See What's Covered Book Appointments Enroll or Purchase a Plan Change My Primary Care Manager Learn about TRICARE For Life Call the MHS Nurse Advice Line Fill My Prescriptions Getting Mental Health Care Mental health is a vital part of your overall well-being. Whether you’re having difficulty managing day-to-day stress or navigating more complex challenges, TRICARE covers mental health care when—and where—you need it. Learn More TRICARE News and Updates Getting married? Here’s what you need to know about your TRICARE benefit Getting married is an exciting milestone in your life! It’s also a time when many changes come along... Give your feedback on tricare.mil: Service members and family members needed for next phase of usability study Would you like to help tricare.mil become even more helpful to you and your family members? Do you h... Access virtual mental health care with TRICARE Did you know that you can get virtual mental health services with TRICARE? These options are a great... Getting care through TRICARE’s Active Duty Dental Program Maintaining dental health is a critical part of overall force readiness. Are you on active duty but... Preview your 2026 TRICARE pharmacy costs Do you get prescription drugs through the TRICARE Pharmacy Program? You may have new copayments star... Learn your 2026 TRICARE health plan costs As 2025 comes to a close, now is the time to start thinking about your family’s health care options... Is your TRICARE eligibility and enrollment info correct? Check DEERS regularly to make sure! Contact Us Secure Email/Chat Call Us File a Grievance Report Fraud and Abuse Health and Wellness Healthy Living Substance Use Disorders Anomalous Health Incidents Brain Injury Awareness Children's Health Mental Health Pain Management Public Health Preventive Services Virtual Education Center Vision Health Warrior Care FAQs Publications Handbooks Costs Brochures Fact Sheets TRICARE Contact Wallet Card Newsletters Resources Filing Claims Download a Form Contact Us Go Paperless Multimedia Center Patient Safety Rights and Responsibilities My Military Health Records About Us RSS Feeds Changes Regions Partners TRICARE and the Affordable Care Act TRICARE® Trademark and Branding Program For Providers For Staff For Members of the Media For Vendors TRICARE Newsroom Email Updates Sign up to receive TRICARE updates and news releases via email. Subscribe to receive email updates from TRICARE Please enter a valid email address, e.g. email@example.com. Links to social media Goes to Facebook Goes to X Goes to YouTube Goes to LinkedIn Goes to Instagram Goes to Defense.gov Goes to Health.mil Goes to DHA website www.tricare.mil is an official website of the Defense Health Agency , a component of the Military Health System TRICARE is a registered trademark of the Department of Defense, DHA. All rights reserved. The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the DHA of non-U.S. Government sites or the information, products, or services contained therein. Although the DHA may or may not use these sites as additional distribution channels for Department of Defense information, it does not exercise editorial control over all of the information that you may find at these locations. Such hyperlinks are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this website. Some documents are presented in Portable Document Format. A PDF reader is required for viewing. Download a PDF Reader or learn more about PDFs . Need to Submit a Claim? Send it to the correct claims address . Need Technical Help? Find the right contact info for the help you need. DHA https://www.dha.mil/ 7700 Arlington Boulevard Suite 5101 Falls Church, VA 22042-5101 Contact DHA Privacy Policy Agency Strategy Privacy Program Information Quality Open Government Plain Writing Accessibility/Section 508 Fraud & Abuse FOIA No FEAR Act USA.gov