Home | Trinity Health Headquarters Skip to main content We use cookies and other tools to enhance your experience on our website and to analyze our web traffic. For more information about these cookies and the data collected, please refer to our website privacy policy . Close Close Patient Portals In this section Back Main Menu Our Communities Our Services Join Our Team Our Impact About Us Newsroom Our Stories Our Impact About Us Newsroom Our Stories Patient Portals Our Communities Our Services Join Our Team search show off canvas menu Advancing Together Webinars A monthly webinar series to become engaged with and learn more about our commitment and efforts to address systemic racism. Learn More Your Next Opportunity Awaits You! We have opportunities – from coast to coast – that can help you achieve your goals. Search Jobs Now Community Health and Well-Being The Community Health and Well-Being Fund, directly supports services to communities experiencing poverty and other vulnerabilities. Donate Now Yes, your voice matters It's true, leaders and elected officials pay close attention to comments from people like you. Your call for change can impact the way legislators develop policy and vote. Get Involved Health Comes First We believe health comes first. We need health insurers to join us. Learn More previous next Go to slide 0 Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Find the Right Care, Right Away Our Communities With thousands of physicians, we're here where you need us. Our Communities Patient Portals Access your medical information 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Patient Portal Join Our Team Our team is dedicated to creating a healthier future for everyone. Apply for a Job Our Impact Compassionate care is at the core of our mission. Learn More Slide title News and Stories Mike Slubowski recognized as one of Modern Healthcare’s 100 Most Influential People Trinity Health President and CEO Mike Slubowski was recognized by Modern Healthcare as one of the 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare of 2025. Read More Slide title News and Stories N. Chineye Anako Honored with the Esteemed MLK Legacy Award N. Chineye Anako (Chi) is a public health practitioner whose work has focused on the intersection of public health and health equity solutions. She is currently Regional Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Trinity Health. Read More Slide title News and Stories Trinity Health Recognized Nationally for Digital Excellence According to 2024 Most Wired Survey Trinity Health has received recognition for its commitment to the adoption, integration, and impact of technology across all its hospital campuses and ambulatory centers nationwide, according to The College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME). Read More Go to slide 0 Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 previous next We Appreciate. We Listen. We Include. We have many voices, from different backgrounds and cultures, with unique ways of thinking, achieving, and doing but we have one vision – to be your most trusted health partner for life. Our diverse backgrounds and our inclusive culture create a strong sense of belonging and helps us lead toward a healthier future for all. Learn More Improving Our Communities By Going Beyond Our Hospital Walls We actively engage with our communities and members to find what matters most to those we serve, and partner together to develop solutions to improve the health and well-being of our communities, so that everyone can thrive and live their best lives. See How Donations make a difference. Thanks to your generosity, thousands have received the care they deserve. Trinity Health has been able to support the critical healthcare needs of the communities we serve throughout the country. Donate Today Join Our Team Trinity Health offers a variety of competitive benefits to help support employees and their families. You can learn more and apply for a job by visiting our careers section. Find your career Senior Living & Care Your health, your independence, your life. With Trinity Health, you are supported every step of the way. As a national leader in senior care and vibrant living environments, we are here for you with personalized home care, hospice, PACE and senior communities. Wherever you are in life, we help you live fully and confidently. Find Options Our Communities Our Services Join Our Team Follow us on X Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Our Impact Philanthropy Community Health & Well-Being Advocacy The Common Good About Us Executive Leadership Facts & Figures Mission, Core Values and Vision Resources ACO Supply Chain Management En Español MyBenefits © 2025 Trinity Health Contact Us Terms of Use and Online Privacy Notice of Nondiscrimination Social Media Users Agreement Language Assistance