Welcome to Trinity College | Trinity College Trinity College Apply/Visit Request Info Give Menu Pause Video Liberal arts exploration meets real-world opportunity programs Create your academic future. people Meet our community of thinkers and doers. places Start in Hartford, explore the world. pride Prepare to be proud to be a Bantam. programs people places pride Search by keyword View All Programs Academic Center/Resource Arts Graduate Studies Humanities Natural and Physical Sciences Social Sciences Special Academic Programs programs Create your academic future. Search by keyword Or Filter By… Area of Study Academic Center/Resource Arts Graduate Studies Humanities Natural and Physical Sciences Social Sciences Special Academic Programs Discover People Viewing / All Programs 96 Results African American Studies Minor The African American studies minor is designed to provide students an overview of the history, cultural traditions, and political experiences of African Americans in the United States. Learn More African Studies Major, Minor African Studies introduces students to the second-largest continent on the planet, which comprises over 50 independent nations and houses just short of a billion people. Culturally and ethnically diverse, Africa nonetheless is united by several social processes, including colonialism, transnationalism, and globalization. The African Studies major is one of six interdisciplinary majors within the International ​​Studies Program. Learn More American Studies Major American Studies majors are sharp critical thinkers and skilled researchers who deliver astute analysis in person and in print.  Our courses attract students who are interested in a wide array of scholarly approaches from history, policy, and culture to law, economics, and education. Through texts, images, and sounds, the major provides a rich, multidisciplinary exploration of the American experience at home and abroad. Learn More Ancient Greek Minor A sequence of six courses develops linguistic skills for reading literature in ancient Greek, housed in the Classical Studies department. Learn More Anthropology Major Anthropologists strive to understand cultural difference and social change. Why do people care about their heritages?  Why do they fight for the right to practice their religions? How are cultural traditions invented, maintained, and transformed? These are anthropological questions that demand understanding of the cultural landscapes that, as humans, we create and inhabit. Learn More Applied Mathematics Minor The applied mathematics minor is designed to provide students with a strong background in the areas of mathematics that are critical for addressing both the theoretical and practical aspects of real-world problems that arise in a wide range of applications and disciplines. Learn More Arabic Major, Minor We are proud to offer a unique environment to learn the fascinating sounds and script of the Arabic language and the beauty of its literature and art and get acquainted with the warmth and generosity of Arab cultures. A formal minor in Arabic at Trinity is available and courses in Arabic language may count toward the Plan B Major within Language and Culture Studies, and a minor or major in the Middle East Studies Concentration within International Studies as well as African Studies and Global Studies majors. Learn More Architectural Studies Minor The architectural studies minor is intended to equip the student with an understanding of the built environment, whether it is a Greek temple, a skyscraper, or a city. The minor includes historical, technological, and artistic approaches to the study of monuments and cities. Learn More Art History Major, Minor Trinity’s Fine Arts Department takes great pride in its Art History Program. While small enough to offer students individual attention, it is also worldly enough to endow them with a breadth of knowledge essential to a career in art and architectural history and their related fields. Learn More Asian Studies Major, Minor The Asian Studies major offers an interdisciplinary framework for the examination of the societies and cultures of Asia. Students choose to focus on China, Japan, or South Asia. The goal of the major is a comprehensive understanding of the region of choice from historical, social, and cultural perspectives, but a thorough grasp of the interrelations among regions is also crucial. Asian Studies is one of six interdisciplinary majors within the International ​​Studies Program. Learn More Biochemistry Major A major in biochemistry can lead to a variety of careers besides research. These include the health professions, teaching, law, business, and management. A major in one of these fields is also an excellent preparation for a number of interdisciplinary areas including pharmacology, material science, nutrition and food chemistry, neuroscience, toxicology, forensic science, and art conservation. Learn More Biology Major, Minor Biologists look at the marvels of the living natural world; they study LIFE. What we encounter in biology are the continuing consequences of events that began billions of years ago, yielding simple living forms capable of faithfully reproducing themselves. From this genesis evolved the many forms of life we recognize today. Learn More Caribbean and Latin American Studies Major The Caribbean and Latin American studies major allows students to explore this vast region from a variety of perspectives, including history, literature, music, religious studies, economics, and educational studies. Faculty expertise ranges across South America, Central America, Mexico, and the Caribbean. In addition, Hartford itself represents an excellent window into the Latin American and Caribbean world, thanks to its immigrant communities from the cultures of Puerto Rico, the West Indies (including Trinidad and Jamaica), Brazil, and Peru, among others. Learn More Center for Academic and Experiential Advising Academic Center/Resource The Center for Academic and Experiential Advising supplements the work of individual academic advisors to help address students’ broad-ranging academic advising needs. Run by faculty, it is embedded in the Bantam Network and closely engaged with relevant campus offices: Student Life, Study Away, Career and Life Design, Student Accessibility, and The Counseling and Wellness Center. Learn More Center for Caribbean Studies Academic Center/Resource The Center for Caribbean Studies explores and celebrates the distinctive Caribbean character of the city of Hartford and the influence of Caribbean civilization on contemporary cultures around the world. Learn More Center for Hartford Engagement and Research Academic Center/Resource The Center for Hartford Engagement and Research strengthens educational partnerships between Hartford’s diverse communities and students, staff, and faculty at Trinity College. CHER coordinates the work of five core programs and assesses Trinity’s engagement with the city. Learn More Center for Teaching and Learning Academic Center/Resource The Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) works to promote effectiveness in teaching in all its dimensions. The CTL staff sees effectiveness in teaching as an essential component of a fully-realized academic career that also embraces research and/or creative productivity, service to students and the College, and membership in a co-operative, vibrant, and supportive intellectual community. Learn More Center for Urban and Global Studies Academic Center/Resource The Center for Urban and Global Studies (CUGS) is the first center of its kind at a top liberal arts college in the United States, and it offers curricular opportunities and research programs where students and faculty work together to better understand our new global society. Learn More Chemistry Major, Minor The chemistry major at Trinity is structured to provide a balanced presentation of the five major areas of chemistry: analytical, biological, inorganic, organic, and physical. Learn More Chinese Major, Minor Students choosing a Plan B major in Language and Culture Studies may elect Chinese as either their primary or secondary language. We also offer a Language Concentration ("Minor") in Chinese which gives you the option to develop linguistic skills and gain an appreciation of Chinese culture. Learn More Classical Antiquity Minor Students in the classical antiquity minor acquire a general knowledge of the achievements of ancient Greece and Rome, which traditionally have constituted, along with the Judeo-Christian tradition, the chief ingredients of Western civilization. Homer, Plato, Cicero, and Caesar remain lively figures, and the classical tradition still pervades our poetry and prose, our philosophy and law, our ideas of history, our conceptions of education, and our art and architecture. Learn More Classical Studies Major, Minor Trinity's Department of Classical Studies guides students in exploring a world both familiar and foreign to us today:
the ancient Mediterranean world, as seen primarily through the lens of ancient Greeks and Romans. Our faculty,
in collaboration with colleagues in several other departments, offer courses in languages, literature, performance,
art, architecture, archaeology, history, and philosophy of the peoples and societies whose interactions created a rich
network of cultural traditions whose legacy has continued to reverberate through the millennia. Learn More Classical Tradition Minor Take a mixture of courses that focus on the ancient Mediterranean world and others that focus on the modern reception of “classical antiquity” through literature, performance, visual art, film, historiography, philosophy, political theory and practice, and/or Romance languages. Learn More Cognitive Science Minor Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of the human mind. The minor explores the fields of psychology, philosophy, neuroscience, linguistics, and computer science. Learn More Community Action Minor, First-Year Gateway Program, Special Academic Program If you ask questions such as “How can we challenge social inequalities?” or “What can people like me do to make a difference?,” then you’re a good match for the Community Action offerings. The Community Action Gateway offers first-year Trinity College students the opportunity to engage with the City of Hartford through community-based research and social change projects. The Community Action minor is designed to engage students in both academic and practical work that addresses the meanings of citizenship, democracy, and community locally and globally. Learn More Community Learning Initiative Special Academic Program Students, faculty, and Hartford-area community organizations come together in collaborative partnerships to carry out projects that both strengthen student learning and benefit the community. Each project is part of an academic course and is guided by the principles of reciprocity and mutual respect between the community and student partners. Learn More Computer Science Major Computer science is one of the most exciting and fastest-growing fields today. We are dedicated to providing an education based on the development of the fundamental logic and reasoning skills and computational problem-solving skills that will prepare you for a lifetime of learning. Learn More Economics Major The world of economics thus encompasses fundamental institutions and activities that govern “economic” outcomes—prices of goods, the amount of private and public investment, the wealth or poverty of nations and persons, unemployment rates, the structure of organizations, the benefits and burdens of globalization and trade, the quality of the environment and health care, etc.  We use this way of thinking to understand how different institutions promote or retard growth, the effects of differing monetary and fiscal policies, markets for health, labor, environmental goods, investments and invention, financial assets, trade; yes, even sports and art. Learn More Educational Studies Major At Trinity, you’ll learn within communities and classrooms throughout the city of Hartford in order to understand the theory, policy, and practice of schooling, as well as its broader relationship with society. Learn More Electron Microscopy Facility Academic Center/Resource Electron microscopes (or EMs) are powerful instruments used in medicine, industry, and academic settings around the world to study the fine structure and properties of living and non-living materials. The Electron Microscopy Facility at Trinity offers undergraduates a rare opportunity for exposure to nanotechnology. Learn More Engineering Major For more than a century, Trinity has offered a rigorous program in engineering within the liberal arts setting. Trinity is one of just a few highly selective liberal arts colleges that offers two engineering degree paths: a Bachelor of Science degree, accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET , and a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering Science degree. Trinity engineering majors develop solid backgrounds in mathematics, physical science, and engineering science and design; as well as substantial study in the arts, humanities, and social sciences. Concentrations are available in Electrical, Mechanical, Biomedical and Computer Engineering. Learn More English Major, Minor In the English Department at Trinity College, faculty and students collaborate closely together as they explore a wide range of literary forms, genres, and media from an equally wide range of periods and cultures. Our award-winning faculty members are actively publishing scholars and artists as well as dedicated teachers and mentors. Learn More Entrepreneurship at Trinity Special Academic Program, Academic Center/Resource Trinity Entrepreneurship is: a way of thinking that involves critical analysis, creative problem solving, knowledge, imagination, flexibility, risk taking, innovating and persistence; a way of using knowledge and theory to address real world problems; and a practical pursuit that transforms an innovation into a sustainable enterprise.

Entrepreneurship at Trinity is lead by the Center for Entrepreneurship at Trinity College, which provides resources and support for students interested in developing an innovation mindset and learning about entrepreneurship. It offers workshops, networking events, competitions, mentorship, certificates, and funding, both on campus and at Trinity’s Innovation Hub in downtown Hartford. Learn More Environmental Science Major, Minor Hands-on education in and outside the classroom. Environmental Science majors have the unique opportunity to combine their love for the outdoors and natural world with a rigorous study of the natural and social sciences. Learn More Film Studies Major, Minor The interdisciplinary program in Film Studies at Trinity draws on courses in film studies and production taught in sixteen of the College’s departments and programs. Learn More Financial Research & Technology Center Academic Center/Resource Located in the 24-hour zone of the library, the center hosts 11 Bloomberg Professional workstations, the industry leader in providing real-time and historical data for business and finance news, analytical tools, and research. Having access to Bloomberg terminals gives students exposure to the same information platform used in business and financial industries worldwide, and can provide valued and practical learning experience. Learn More Formal Organizations Minor Formal organizations are people organized into a social unit for the explicit purpose of achieving certain goals. Such organizations include governments, businesses, nonprofit organizations, political parties, and the court systems. Learn More French Studies Major, Minor Courses in French language, literature, Francophone cultures, and film are offered by an enthusiastic faculty that encourages intellectual challenge, critical thinking, and social interaction in a cultural context. Learn More German Studies Major, Minor We are a small team of dedicated teachers and scholars ready to help you develop your German language skills.  Together we explore German literature — in original German and in translation — and study a broad array of subjects in which the influences and contributions of German-speaking peoples are evident. Learn More Global Health Humanities Gateway Program First-Year Gateway Program, Special Academic Program Engage with the Caribbean community in Hartford, Connecticut and learn as global citizens through a semester abroad, in Trinidad. Students develop the intellectual framework and openness to work with global, transnational communities from a variety of provenances. This three-semester program emphasizes the interconnection of the sciences and the humanities, and the essentialness of bringing a humanistic perspective to science-dominant fields. Learn More Global Studies Major The Global Studies major encourages students to grapple with the fundamental dynamics of our time through an interdisciplinary framework. We are interested in the social processes that cut across regions, the global flows that have local impacts, and the local initiatives that have global resonances. Global Studies is one of six interdisciplinary majors within the International ​​Studies Program. Learn More Health Fellows Program Special Academic Program The Health Fellows Program is an innovative academic program offering students exceptional opportunities to participate in a clinical research project.  In addition to their regular coursework, students work 30 hours per week with clinical-care physicians or other research-active health care providers in one-on-one relationships at area medical centers. Learn More Hebrew Major, Minor Modern Hebrew has its roots in the Bible and illuminates the richness and understanding of modern and ancient civilizations throughout the generations. Students who take courses in Hebrew benefit from small and intimate classes that emphasize both interactive and individualized approaches to language education. Students choosing a Plan B major in language and culture studies may elect Modern Hebrew as their secondary language. We also offer a minor in Modern Hebrew. Hebrew courses are required for students who wish to major in Jewish Studies. Credit in Hebrew courses also counts toward a Major or Minor in Middle Eastern Studies. Learn More Hispanic Studies Major, Minor If you think you might be interested in using the Spanish language to understand the broader, historically generated realities of Spain and Latin America as well as the emerging global realities of our time, we invite you to join us in the Hispanic Studies Program at Trinity College. Learn More History Major, Minor Historians examine the past to form a meaningful image of events previously hidden, partially understood, or deliberately misinterpreted. History is based on a foundation of documents, novels, maps, archival materials, memoirs, numbers, artifacts, and factual data combined with scholarly writings and analysis. It is a field of study that is part social science, part poetry, and always a humane quest for understanding. Learn More Human Rights Major, Minor The Human Rights Program seeks to foster critical debate about human rights problems, inter-disciplinary dialogue, and conversations that bridge the divide between local and global human rights concerns. Students explore the complexities underlying civil, political, economic, social, and cultural rights, both in theory and practice. Learn More Humanities Gateway Program First-Year Gateway Program, Special Academic Program The Humanities Gateway Program engages outstanding students in a comprehensive examination of European cultures through integrated interdisciplinary study of their histories, literatures, and religious and philosophical ideas, from classical antiquity to the present. Learn More Information Services Academic Center/Resource The Information Services division is housed in the Raether LITC and includes the Library and Information Technology Services, and the Watkinson rare book collection. Learn More Innovation Hub Academic Center/Resource The Trinity College Innovation Hub is a 13,000 square-foot purpose-built education, training, and event facility overlooking Constitution Plaza in downtown Hartford. A vibrant and central event, classroom, and networking space, the Trinity Innovation Hub is known across Hartford as a place to meet, learn, experience, and grow. Located on the third floor of One Constitution Plaza, the I-Hub houses programming for Trinity’s partnership with Infosys; the Liberal Arts Action Lab – Trinity’s community impact initiative in partnership with Capital Community College; as well as new innovation and entrepreneurship programming for our students under our Entrepreneurship Center. Learn More InterArts Program First-Year Gateway Program, Special Academic Program InterArts is an innovative, multidisciplinary, one-year program designed for a select group of outstanding students who share a deep interest in the arts. Learn More Interdisciplinary Computing Major This interdisciplinary major is designed for students who wish to combine the study of computing and computers with another academic discipline. Students can combine the study of computing with traditional academic disciplines, such as physics, chemistry, sociology, or biology, and with emerging fields that involve a substantial computing component, such as bioinformatics, cognitive science, and digital arts. Learn More Interdisciplinary Science Center Academic Center/Resource The Interdisciplinary Science Center (ISC) actively promotes the sciences on campus and throughout the greater Hartford community and beyond through a broad collection of projects, programs, and services. Learn More Interdisciplinary Science Program First-Year Gateway Program, Special Academic Program The Interdisciplinary Science Program (ISP) is an innovative academic program designed to broaden and enrich the study of science and mathematics by exploring the links between the scientific disciplines and their connection with the external world. Designed by faculty in biology, chemistry, computer science, engineering, environmental science, mathematics, neuroscience, and physics, the core of the ISP consists of a seminar and a research apprenticeship, both in the first year, and a course investigating the interactions of science and society, usually taken in the sophomore year. Learn More International Studies Major The International Studies Program is Trinity’s primary destination for the interdisciplinary study of world regions and global interrelations. Interested in language acquisition and study abroad? We require it. Choose one of six concentrations: African Studies, Asian Studies, Caribbean and Latin American Studies, Global Studies, Middle Eastern Studies, or Russian and Eurasian Studies. Learn More Italian Studies Major, Minor The Italian Studies Program at Trinity College offers a variety of courses in Italian and in English about the language, culture, and civilization of Italy. Students majoring in Italian are encouraged to attend of one the programs at the Trinity College Rome Campus. Learn More Japanese Studies Major, Minor The Japanese Program at Trinity College offers rigorous language training for those willing to make the commitment. The program also offers a Japanese literature course in English, which surveys traditional genres as well as a variety of contemporary topics. Learn More Jewish Studies Major, Minor Jewish studies is a multi-disciplinary, college-wide investigation of Jewish civilization in its many historical and geographical manifestations. The scope of the Jewish studies curriculum covers Jewish civilization from its ancient Near Eastern origins through its contemporary history and culture in Israel and the diaspora communities around the world. It is a secular, academic program with diverse, cross-cultural emphases. Learn More Language and Culture Studies Major, Minor Learning a foreign language opens doors to other cultures. In addition to the personal challenge of mastering a new language, multiple-language proficiency allows you to pursue rewarding careers in international affairs, law, business, foreign service, education, and a host of other exciting fields. Trinity has majors in seven principal modern languages - Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Russian, and Spanish - as well as studies in Arabic and Hebrew. Learn More Latin Minor A sequence of six courses develops linguistic skills for reading literature in Latin. Learn More Latin American Studies Minor The Latin American Studies minor explores the cultural expressions of peoples from Spanish-speaking Latin America as well as the United States. It places emphasis on developing linguistic abilities in Spanish and knowledge of Latin America from different disciplines across the curriculum. Learn More Legal Studies Minor The legal studies minor introduces students to the complex ways in which law shapes and structures social and economic institutions from the vantage point of several different disciplines. Learn More Legislative Internship Program Special Academic Program Our nationally respected Legislative Internship program was devised especially for students who want to observe politics and government firsthand. When it comes to political science, there is no better place to be than in a city, and, even more specifically, within a capital city. Learn More Leonard E. Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life Academic Center/Resource The Leonard E. Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life advances knowledge and understanding of the varied roles that religious movements, institutions, and ideas play in the contemporary world. Learn More Liberal Arts Action Lab Academic Center/Resource In the Liberal Arts Action Lab, Hartford community partners define problems facing the city, and collaborate with teams of students and faculty to research and publicly share possible solutions. The Action Lab is an educational partnership between Capital Community College and Trinity College in Hartford, the capital city of Connecticut. Learn More Literature and Psychology Minor The literature and psychology minor devotes itself to integrating literary and psychological insights into human beings, their behaviors, and their destinies as these are represented in texts of philosophy and literary and dramatic art, and in cognitive, social, and psychoanalytic psychologies. Learn More Marine Studies Minor The diverse influences of the sea on humankind find expression in history, literature, political science, economics, and the natural sciences. Courses in these disciplines, with the sea as common focus, provide a coherent and interdisciplinary perspective on the marine environment. This minor differs from other minors because it depends on courses offered in one of two off-campus programs, the Williams College-Mystic Seaport Maritime Studies Program and the Sea Education Association's SEA Semester program. Learn More Mathematics Major The mathematics major is designed around a core of required courses that provides a strong foundation in both computational and theoretical mathematics as well as electives from both pure and applied mathematics. Learn More Medieval and Renaissance Studies Minor This minor provides an opportunity to study the development of European civilization from the late Roman Empire to the 17th century. Learn More Middle East Studies Major, Minor Middle East Studies engages the region extending from Morocco to Kazahkstan. Through an interdisciplinary approach, we acquaint students with the complex hopes and struggles that animate the diverse peoples and cultures of this vast territory. Learn More Music Major, Minor Trinity College's Music Department is a place to create, perform, practice, and intensely study music. A place where the serious exploration of music is matched by a commitment to high artistic standards, and a dedication to develop the unique talents of each individual student. Learn More Mythology Minor The mythology minor is designed to acquaint students with myths from various cultures of the world. Learn More Neuroscience Major, BS/MA Neuroscience is a broad, multidisciplinary field concerned with the nervous system, its components, and functional activities, including behavior and consciousness. The major involves faculty from the Departments of Biology, Chemistry, Engineering, Philosophy, and Psychology Learn More Philosophy Major, Minor Socrates once said, “I am a lover of divisions and collections,” and that is a good brief summary of what it means to be able to think critically and imaginatively: to analyze (“divide”) arguments for their soundness and validity, and to synthesize (“collect”) them into a more comprehensive understanding of the issues at hand. That ability is something Trinity’s philosophy majors all master in time. Upon graduation, they take with them more than a diploma. They take with them a skill critical to the success of most endeavors. Learn More Physics Major, Minor Physics is a wide-ranging and fundamental science that asks deep questions about the nature of the physical world.  Physicists seek to understand the origin of the universe, the properties of black holes, and how elementary particles interact to form matter. Learn More Political Science Major At Trinity, the study of political science is much more than an academic window into the distant forces that shape our world. Here, political science is infused with the vitality inherent in three-dimensional study and firsthand experience. Learn More Psychology Major Trinity College's Psychology Department is large enough to offer its students a wide range of courses - from neuroscience to clinical psychology - yet small enough to allow undergraduates to pursue their own research interests or work with our faculty on their research projects. Learn More Public Policy Master's The Master’s program in Public Policy at Trinity College prepares students broadly for analyzing policy issues. Core courses provide a foundation in empirical and normative analysis, while electives and a capstone policy practicum focus on applied specialization. Learn More Public Policy and Law Major Trinity College is a particularly appropriate place to study public policy and law because students have ready access to state, regional, and local governments, as well as to lobbyists and numerous nonprofit and advocacy organizations involved in the making of law and policy. Learn More Religious Studies Major, Minor As a student of religion at Trinity, you learn to develop and exercise a respectful and open attitude toward a variety of beliefs and practices among the peoples of the world. Learn More Rhetoric, Writing, and Media Studies Minor The Rhetoric, Writing, and Media Studies minor is designed for students interested in writing, rhetoric, and the interrelated arts of media. We offer students the opportunity to develop expertise in writing for academic, professional, community, civic, and personal purposes. Core courses provide opportunities for writing in a range of genres and strive to investigate rhetoric, information technology, the politics of language, and identity. Learn More Russian and Eurasian Studies Major, Minor From the borders of Germany to the eastern coastline of Russia, from the North Pole to the border of Afghanistan, the vast area and diverse peoples of Russia and Eastern Europe are central to an understanding of the 21st century. Energy and geopolitics clash in this crucible of modern literature and theater. Russian and Eurasian Studies is one of six interdisciplinary majors within the International ​​Studies Program. Learn More Russian Studies Major, Minor Among the many reasons to study Russian at Trinity are our outstanding and accessible faculty members, a wide range of courses across disciplines, and a custom-designed semester of study in Moscow. Learn More Sociology Major Sociology, broadly defined, is the "study of social life, social change, and the social causes and consequences of human behavior. Sociologists investigate the structure of groups, organizations, and societies, and how people interact within these contexts." Learn More Student-Designed, Interdisciplinary Majors and Minors Major, Minor The self-designed, interdisciplinary major/minor is for students whose exceptional intellectual interests cross
disciplinary boundaries. These majors/minors should reflect a plan of study that cannot be replicated through
one of the College's existing majors/minors. Learn More Studio Arts Major, Minor Trinity's Studio Arts Program offers a rich and diverse studio art curriculum within a liberal arts environment. Studio Arts majors receive the training and inspiration necessary to enhance their future educational and professional endeavors. Learn More The Aetna Quantitative Center Academic Center/Resource The Aetna Quantitative Center holds tutoring hours most afternoons and evenings, when students may find help from peer tutors for calculus, statistics, college algebra, as well as other math-related courses. ​​We work collaboratively with the Mathematics Department to provide support for Trinity students enrolled in mathematics courses as well as a full-semester QLIT 101 course taught by Quantitative Center Faculty for those students required to take it. Learn More The Allan K. Smith Center for Writing and Rhetoric Academic Center/Resource The Allan K. Smith Center for Writing and Rhetoric offers the Interdisciplinary Minor in Rhetoric, Writing, and Media Studies and writing courses taught by rhetoric and composition faculty, administers Trinity's Writing Foundational Requirement, provides support services and special programs for students, faculty, and the community as well as assesses and promotes writing at Trinity College. The Allan K. Smith Center for Writing and Rhetoric also houses the Writing Center where tutors help students perfect their writing skills. Learn More Theater and Dance Major The Department of Theater and Dance is committed to engaging students in creative practice and scholarly study across the disciplines of theater and dance. Majors choose from one of six concentrations: Acting, Dance and Choreography, Media and Performance, History and Dramaturgy, Performing Arts in the Community, and Writing and Directing. In addition to participating in departmental productions, students have the ability to study at the Trinity/La MaMa Performing Arts Program in New York City. Learn More Trinity College Library Academic Center/Resource Library & Information Technology Services promotes excellence and innovation in teaching, learning, and research by developing, preserving and providing access to collections and resources that sustain instruction and scholarship. We partner with faculty in the critical and imaginative use of library collections, instructional technology, and wider information resources. Learn More Trinity Institute for Interdisciplinary Studies Academic Center/Resource The Trinity Institute for Interdisciplinary Studies (TIIS) provides support for faculty as intellectuals: to exchange ideas, discuss books, critique each other’s works-in-progress, and invite scholars to campus to engage in ongoing discussions. TIIS sponsors workshops, faculty reading groups, a manuscript fellowship program, and a junior faculty research fellowship. Learn More Urban China Studies Minor The interdisciplinary minor in Urban China Studies helps students understand the diverse drivers and complex consequences of transformative urban development in China from historical, contemporary, and interdisciplinary perspectives. Learn More Urban Educational Initiatives Academic Center/Resource The mission of urban educational initiatives is to connect faculty, staff, and students with people that learn, work, and live in the city of Hartford, CT. These initiatives span various academic departments and offices. Initiatives can be a one-time collaboration or an ongoing partnership with a school or local organization. Learn More Urban Planning Master's, Graduate Certificate Trinity's new master’s program in urban planning provides students with professional training and expertise in urban planning. The curriculum will meet the American Planning Association’s Planning Accreditation Board (PAB) standard to teach “students the essential knowledge, skills, and values central to the planning profession.”

Additionally there is a graduate certificate offered through the master's program in public policy, cross-listed with the Urban Studies department. It may be pursued as part of a master's degree or for the certificate alone. Learn More Urban Studies Major, Minor Urban Studies at Trinity provides a broadly interdisciplinary understanding of how urban dynamics shape both global interdependence and local spaces. Our programs emphasize how cities are increasingly critical to the organization of economic, social, and cultural activities that shape and transform human experience. Our location in Hartford is an asset for students looking to put their learning into practice. Learn More Women, Gender, and Sexuality Major, Minor The program in Women, Gender, and Sexuality draws on the liberal arts and sciences to examine a wide range of topics relating to gender and sexuality, including women's varied experiences in different historical periods and cultures, as well as their contributions to culture in all its forms; the relationship among sex, gender, and sexuality; lesbian, gay, and transgender subcultures, and their histories and politics; and the institutional and discursive regulation of gender and sexuality. Learn More World Literature and Culture Studies Major In the World Literature & Culture Studies track, students major broadly in literary studies, and may draw upon a wide range of courses on literature and culture in translation. Learn More Discover People people Meet our community of thinkers and doers. About Trinity people Meet our community of thinkers and doers. About Trinity Trinity Student Wins Beinecke Scholarship to Support Graduate Studies Rose Molloy ’26 has been selected to receive a Beinecke Scholarship, which will support her continuing study of political science in graduate school. read more about molloy English Professor’s Debut Novel Named as Finalist for National Book Award The debut novel by Trinity College Associate Professor of English Ethan Rutherford, North Sun: Or, the Voyage of the Whaleship Esther, has been named by the National Book Foundation as a finalist for the 2025 National Book Award for Fiction. read about the book Abroad with ‘The Bard’ for Shakespeare’s Official Birthday Celebration Trinity College Associate Professor of English David Sterling Brown ’06 recently was invited to take part in England’s weeklong Shakespeare Birthday Celebration as its inaugural visiting scholar. read more about Brown's experience Trinity Alumna Is Part of Pulitzer Prize-Winning Team of Journalists at ProPublica When Andrea Wise ’11 learned this spring that a photography project she led was awarded the 2025 Pulitzer Prize for public service as part of ProPublica’s reporting on reproductive health, she said she had to tell her Trinity College mentor, Pablo Delano, Charles A. Dana Professor of Fine Arts. read more about wise Trinity Professor Receives Award for Civic Engagement and Grants for Research Assistant Professor of Political Science Dang Do has received the 2025 Outstanding Civic Engagement Project award from the American Political Science Association in recognition of the success of the Voter Captain Project, which aims to increase voter turnout in Hartford’s underrepresented neighborhoods. read more about the research Twins at Trin: Following Different Paths at the Same College Going to college with your twin means always having family, a friend, and a piece of home nearby. Twins attending Trinity College together are there to support each other, even as they explore different majors and career possibilities. Read more about these twins Discover Places places Start in Hartford, explore the world. Visit Campus places Start in Hartford, explore the world. Visit Campus Trinfo Reopens Building, Celebrates 25 Years of Serving the Community Trinfo.Café was founded in 1999—when internet cafés were popular worldwide—to broaden access to the internet and tech skills for Trinity’s neighbors. read more about Trinfo Exploring Campus Architecture through Building Plans Trinity College students recently had the opportunity to put down their textbooks and pick up historic building plans to learn about some of the most iconic structures on campus. read more about this class See the Winners of Trinity’s First Room of the Year Contest Bantams with some of the best nests on campus have been named the winners of Trinity College’s first Room of the Year contest. see the rooms Architectural Digest Names Trinity’s Campus Among the Most Beautiful in America Trinity College has once again been named by Architectural Digest as one of the most beautiful college campuses in America. read more about this naming Core of Trinity College’s Campus Named to the National Register of Historic Places The National Park Service designated an 11.4-acre rectangular area anchored by the Long Walk and Chapel as the Trinity College Long Walk Historic District with national importance. read more Discover Pride pride Prepare to be proud to be a Bantam. Life on Campus pride Prepare to be proud to be a Bantam. Life on Campus Trinity Receives Wide Recognition for Value to Students, Success of Alumni Positioned among America’s top liberal arts institutions, Trinity College has again earned recognition across multiple ranking systems this fall, including a standout performance in LinkedIn’s inaugural college rankings last month. learn more about the recognition Trinity College Contributes to Historic Gravitational-Wave Discovery Faculty and student researchers at Trinity College played a role in a groundbreaking discovery announced recently by the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) worldwide scientific collaboration. read more about the research The Chapel Singers Celebrate 200 Years, Release The Bicentennial Album The Chapel Singers—Trinity College’s oldest student organization in continuous existence—are celebrating their 200th anniversary this year and recently released an album. learn more about the Chapel Singers Trinity Men’s Rowing 1V8 Boat Wins National Championship The 1V8 crew of the top-ranked Trinity College men’s rowing team claimed the 2025 Intercollegiate Rowing Association (IRA) Division III Varsity 8+ National Championship at the IRA Championships. Read more about the championship Trinity Men’s Basketball Team Wins its First National Championship The fourth-ranked Trinity College men’s basketball team claimed the program’s first ever NCAA Division III national championship with a 64–60 victory over top-ranked New York University in the title game on March 22 at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Read more about the championship Trinity Women’s Squash Wins Back-to-Back National Championships The top-ranked Trinity College women’s squash team held its ground at the top on March 9, securing a 5-4 victory over No. 2 Harvard in the 2025 College Squash Association championships, claiming the national title for the second consecutive year. Read more about the championship Continue forward to home Fall 2025 Important Now Trinity as your first choice college. A world-class education with hands-on experience that prepares you for life. The Early Decision application deadline is coming up on November 15. Faculty recognized for academic excellence. Members of the Trinity College faculty were recognized for their  outstanding achievements in scholarship, teaching, service, and  leadership at the 2025 Faculty Excellence Awards. Visit Trinity Learn about the student experience in an information session, explore campus with an in-person or virtual tour, and connect with a current Bantam who can share more about life at Trinity. Alumni and families help support a world of possibilities for today's Bantams through the Trinity College Fund. View All News News Highlights View All News Trinity Community Members Give the Gift of Life A member of the Trinity College community recently donated blood stem cells to someone in need. Trinity is part of the Get in the Game program led by the global nonprofit NMDP. Donor registry recruitment events on campus have led to five blood stem cell donations in five years. View All Events Featured Events View All Events Trinity College Trinity College 300 Summit Street, Hartford CT 06106 860-297-2000 Social Navigation facebook twitter youtube linkedin instagram tiktok Information For Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Inclusion Sustainability Employment People Directory Department Directory Campus Map ©2025 Search Submit Search Query About Trinity Admissions & Aid Academics Student Life Athletics Alumni Events News A-Z Apply/Visit Request Info Give