Tripleseat: Event Management Software for Restaurants, Hotels, & Venues Tripleseat Request Demo Menu Products Tripleseat Simplify event planning and boost sales for your restaurant or unique venue. Tripleseat for Hotels Give your event planning and management the white glove treatment. TripleseatDirect Provide your customers with a frictionless way to plan events, big or small. Floorplans by Tripleseat Offer customers easy-to-use 2D and 3D floor plan visualizations and planning and collaboration tools. Tripleseat Tickets Your ticket to seamlessly creating and hosting ticketed shows and events. EventUp Promote your venue on the largest venue directory & marketplace. Add-Ons Tripleseat Insights Make informed decisions with these powerful business intelligence tools. PartyPay Event payments made easy. Simplify the process and maximize your sales. Partner Marketplace Integrations with top hospitality tech for marketing, payments, and more. Industries Restaurants Simplify event planning and boost sales for your restaurant of any kind or size. Hotels Increase group sales and manage groups at your property with ease. Catering Satisfy customer demands and the challenges of executing your flawless catering business. Enterprise Powerful set of tools to book event at all the locations for your growing business. Wedding Venues Effortlessly orchestrate stunning weddings with our all-inclusive event management toolkit. Event and Banquet Venues Rubust event management tools for all your events. Eatertainment Venues Deliver the best experience at your food and entertainment venue with game-changing software. Bars and Nightclubs Focus on the main event while easily managing every event detail. Breweries Manage private events at your brewery in a single sales and event platform. Event and Banquet Venues Wineries Attention all vintners, Tripleseat is everything you need for private events at your winery or vineyard. View All If you work in hospitality or host events, we’re here to work for you. Resources Why Tripleseat About Us Customer Stories Reviews Press Events EventCamp Events Webinars Tripleseat Productions Blog Handbooks Community Podcast Free BEO Additional Resources Customer Referral Program Tripleseat University The hub for all things Tripleseat Support Find help, FAQs, how-tos, and best practices Careers Fun environment, passionate individuals. Check out our available positions. Products Our Products Tripleseat Simplify event planning and boost sales for your restaurant or unique venue. Floorplans by Tripleseat Offer customers easy-to-use 2D and 3D floor plan visualizations and planning and collaboration tools. Tripleseat for Hotels Give your event planning and hotel group management the white glove treatment. Tripleseat Tickets Drive event conversions and registration for all types of events with seamless event ticketing. TripleseatDirect Allow your customers to easily self-book large group reservations, event, and catering. EventUp Promote your venue on the largest venue directory & marketplace. Add-Ons Tripleseat Insights Make informed decisions with these powerful business intelligence tools. PartyPay Event payments made easy. Simplify the process and maximize your sales. Partner Marketplace Integrations with top hospitality tech for marketing, payments, and more. Industries Top Industries Restaurants Simplify event planning and boost sales for your restaurant of any kind or size. Bars and Nightclubs Focus on the main event while easily managing every event detail. Hotels Increase group sales and manage groups at your property with ease. Wedding Venues Effortlessly orchestrate stunning weddings with our all-inclusive event management toolkit. Catering Satisfy customer demands and the challenges of executing your flawless catering business. Eatertainment Venues Deliver the best experience at your food and entertainment venue with game-changing software. Enterprise Powerful set of tools to book event at all the locations for your growing business. Event and Banquet Venues Rubust event management tools for all your events. More Breweries Manage private events at your brewery in a single sales and event platform. Wineries Execute better events at your winery or vineyard with a single event and sales tool. View All If you work in hospitality or host events, we’re here to work for you. Resources Why Tripleseat About Us Customer Stories Reviews Press Tripleseat Productions Blog Handbooks Community Podcast Free BEO Tripleseat Events EventCamp Webinars All Events Additional Resources Customer Referral Program Tripleseat University Education and resources for Tripleseat users at every level of experience Support Find help, FAQs, how-tos, and best practices Careers Fun environment, passionate individuals. Check out our available positions. Login Request Pricing Request a Demo Request Pricing (978) 614-0490 Drive More Revenue with Tripleseat Event Management Software Find out how to increase revenue while reducing stress for your restaurant, hotel, or unique venue with an all-in-one, easy to use, sales and event management platform. Request a Demo Your browser does not support the video tag. The Industry’s Most Trusted Hospitality & Event Management Software for Restaurants, Hotels, and Event Venues Since 2008, Tripleseat has been the preferred event management software for restaurants, hotels, and unique venues. Trusted by over 19,000 venues globally, and recognized by many in the industry, including G2, Capterra, and Appealie, it provides comprehensive solutions that drive revenue and enhance productivity through cutting-edge restaurant event management software, venue management software, and hospitality software designed for the industry. Trusted by Leading Brands Recognized by Users & Industry Experts Grow Events with Tripleseat Event Management Software Tripleseat for Restaurants and Unique Venues Discover how the right event management platform can transform your restaurant or unique venue business. Tripleseat has helped more than 19,000 customers take the stress and friction out of planning events and increase their sales. Learn More Request a Demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Learn More Request a Demo Simplify Event Booking and Large Party Reservations with Intuitive Event Booking Software TripleseatDirect Skip the back and forth with guests and let TripleseatDirect help you book more events. You set your venue’s availability and your guests have an easy way to book their private events, catering orders, or large party reservations. Built on the Tripleseat engine, TripleseatDirect books events for your venue faster and easier than ever. Learn More Request a Demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Learn More Request a Demo Increase Group Sales with Integrated Hotel Sales, Catering & Events Software Tripleseat for Hotels See how a powerful yet easy to use event management software gives your hotel event planning the white glove treatment. Tripleseat for Hotels is a centralized solution to book and manage guest room blocks, event spaces, and everything in between. Learn More Request a Demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Learn More Request a Demo Elevate Your Events With Unforgettable Experiences Tripleseat Tickets Create memorable events and drive more revenue with an easy registration and ticketing solution. Tripleseat Tickets provides a stress-free way to create and manage ticketed events that give your guests the best possible VIP experience and provide your venue more reach more people and earn more revenue. Learn More Request a Demo Capitalize on the Full Potential of Your Event Space Floorplans by Tripleseat Streamline your planning process, impress clients, and boost event bookings with gorgeous visualizations of your event space. Floorplans by Tripleseat gives you an easy way to create dynamic, adaptable event layouts and immersive walkthroughs with our intuitive 2D and 3D event layout solution. Learn More Request a Demo Unlock the Power of Our Incredible Partnerships Event Management Industry Resources Your go-to source for the latest trends and advice in event management. A Year of Impact: How Tripleseat Gave Back in 2025 At Tripleseat, “Taking Care of Our Community” has long been one of our guiding values—but in 2025, we brought that … Read More Flavor Forward: Exploring the Top Event Menu Trends of 2026 Are you ready to elevate your event planning? As we look toward 2026, the secret to a successful gala, wedding, … Read More The Secret to Longevity in Hospitality: How Lombardo’s Hospitality Group Modernized Nearly a Century of Excellence What separates hospitality businesses that thrive for decades from those that fade away? For Lombardo’s Hospitality Group, the answer has … Read More Schedule a Personalized Demo of Tripleseat Event Management Software We’d love to answer your questions about how Tripleseat will streamline and allow you to do more event business at your restaurant, hotel, or unique venue. Popular features and benefits include: Customizable lead forms Real-time dashboard and calendars Powerful automations Centralized email communications Interactive guest portal Professional BEOs, contracts, and documentation Online signatures Direct booking and large group reservation tools 2D floorplans and 3D walkthroughs Fast and secure online payments Easy to use ticketing features Robust analytics Hotel guest room control and group sales tools Award-winning support team Products Tripleseat Tripleseat for Hotels TripleseatDirect Floorplans by Tripleseat Tripleseat Tickets EventUp Who We Serve Restaurants Hotels Catering Enterprise Breweries Bars & Nightclubs Resources About Us Careers Blog Marketplace Free BEO Customer Reviews Contact Support support@tripleseat.com (866) 541-6165 (978) 716-2862 General Inquiries info@tripleseat.com (978) 614-0490 ©2025 – Tripleseat | All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Service