Virtual commercial card for global payments | TripLink Home Products Solutions Developers Sign In Virtual Commercial Card for Global Payments TripLink is a professional financial technology company driven by the mission "Technology Empowers Finance". We offer modern, safe, stable, and flexible cross-border payment services designed to support enterprises in their global expansion, accelerate business growth and improve their profitability. Our commitment to continuous innovation and improvement is aimed at serving you better. Global Leading Industry Solutions, bringing a brand new payment experience just for you TripLink comprehensively addresses both online and offline daily operational payment scenarios. By offering unique and efficient payment solutions, we enhance the operational efficiency of enterprises and enable more precise cost control. Employee Expense Travel Study Abroad Amazon Ads Customizable card issuance solutions for an unique payment experience Flexible card management Supports self configuration of available balance & expiry dates Wide range selection of card type Supports various types of virtual cards and physical cards Customized card design Supports co-branded card design Precise transaction control Supports decision-making on authorized transactions based on business strategy About Us Founded in 2018, TripLink is a wholly owned subsidiary by Trip.com Group , our footprint has already spread to Hong Kong, Shanghai, Singapore, London, Amsterdam, Tokyo, Seoul, Bangkok, Jakarta and Kuala Lumpur. Guided by our mission, "Technology Empowers Finance", TripLink is dedicated to building a secure and efficient global payment network that connects directly to local settlement systems. This network is designed to address diverse requirements , including cross-border payments for e-commerce, general trade, and international travel. At TripLink, we are devoted to being a trusted partner, forging a prosperous future in partnership with our valued clients. Our Awards The significance of winning the awards is that TripLink Commercial Card has the highest market share in commercial card spending in HK. It showcases the card's rapid growth and leading position in the global market while also recognizing its contribution to improving the convenience and cost-effectiveness of cross-border transactions. Global English Links Home Products Solutions About Us About Us Our Honour Privacy Policy Developers API SDK Contact us E-mail: contact@triplinkintl.com Questions Feedback: triplinkceo@triplinkintl.com Shanghai: +86-21-34064880 Hong Kong: +852 58075570