Triton Digital <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Poppins:wght@400;500;600&subset=latin&display=swap"/> About Our Story Newsroom Careers Life at Triton Open Roles The Perks Solutions Monetization TAP | Triton Ad Platform Triton Audio Marketplace Sounder AdBuilder AI Manadge Jelli Audio Streaming Enterprise Podcasting Measurement Podcast Metrics Webcast Metrics Rankers Resources Blog Streaming Rankers Podcast Rankers Learning Integrated DSPs Participating Publishers Ad Networks Collateral & Insights Reports & Case Studies Documentation Connect Contact Us Events Calendar Support Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Policy Acceptable use Policy Vulnerability Reporting Policy Help Login Language: English English Español Français Fueling The Growth of The Entire Audio Ecosystem All Audio Monetization Technology for podcasters, broadcasters, and online music services to build their audience, maximize revenue, and streamline day-to-day operations. Monetization Revenue-building solutions across Streaming, Podcasting and Broadcast Radio. Discover Triton's comprehensive, unparalleled portfolio of audio advertising technology to help publishers monetize inventory and advertisers reach listeners at scale. Audio Streaming Enterprise Podcasting Measurement Understand your digital audio and podcast audiences with accurate, clear and consistent reporting to power your content and monetization strategies. With our Podcast and Streaming Rankers publishers and advertisers have trusted, third-party measurement to understand listeners and make informed content strategy and advertising decisions. Sign-up for our Podcast & Streaming Rankers Triton Audio Marketplace The Triton Audio Marketplace offers access to the largest single pool of audio 
audiences with more than 100 billion audio impressions per month, allowing 
marketers and agencies to purchase all forms of audio ads programmatically - podcast, streaming and broadcast radio. Let's Talk Take your audio strategy to the next level! Testimonials Who We Work With Triton Digital has a robust offering of solutions that complement each other and make it easier to manage our advertising efforts. We’re thrilled about this partnership as it represents a huge step forward for CBS as we focus on expanding our audiences and maximizing revenue opportunities. Eugine Park Director of Digital Contents Department of Christian Broadcasting System We are thrilled to extend our partnership with Triton Digital, which has helped drive a significant increase in digital revenue while delivering our engaging content to our growing audience. We’re looking forward to this next chapter together, gaining increased visibility and a more comprehensive understanding of the behaviors and demographics of our audiences. David Santrella CEO Salem Media Group We needed a technology partner that could help us monetize, scale, and keep up with the demand of our growing audience. Triton Digital was the obvious choice for us. The company’s vast array of solutions helps us manage our streaming audio and podcast advertising programmatically to simplify the advertising process and maximize ad revenue. Hernan Vilaplana Head of Digital Business and CFO, Radio Mitre SA As Australia’s leading independent audio entertainment destination, we pride ourselves on creating unforgettable experiences loved and shared by our listeners. With TAP we are able to streamline our audio campaign management to drive operational efficiencies, enabling us to deliver the audio entertainment experiences our customers have come to love and expect. Tim Armstrong Director of Digital Capability and Data, NOVA Entertainment Triton Digital’s audio streaming technologies enable us to deliver a top - quality streaming service while gaining a better understanding of our audience to guide programming decisions and improved inventory monetization. With Triton, we’re able to seamlessly provide audiences with the content they seek and help our clients optimize their audio campaigns. Rafael Páez Rodríguez National Production Manager, Organización Radial Olímpica I’ve worked with Triton for the past 4 years and awaited the new version of TAP with great expectations. The UI is incredibly intuitive and user friendly. The platform is simpler and dramatically faster to use. The design is user focused without lacking any functionality. I would highly recommend it over any other audio platform in the market. Jeremy Webb Ad Operations and Programmatic Director, ARN Triton Digital’s Podcast Metrics Report is highly regarded by the advertising community for independent measurement and comparative data on podcast networks and titles. We are confident that our debut will affirm the strength of the cabana podcast portfolio and its value to advertisers. Cathy Csukas CEO and Founder, AdLarge I like the new interface so much, it is easier now to set up campaigns. I love the ability to copy and paste flights, and also being able to have all the tools in one place. This was a good change. Ayme Ferrer NRM Comunicaciones Triton Digital has a robust offering of solutions that complement each other and make it easier to manage our advertising efforts. We’re thrilled about this partnership as it represents a huge step forward for CBS as we focus on expanding our audiences and maximizing revenue opportunities. Eugine Park Director of Digital Contents Department of Christian Broadcasting System We are thrilled to extend our partnership with Triton Digital, which has helped drive a significant increase in digital revenue while delivering our engaging content to our growing audience. We’re looking forward to this next chapter together, gaining increased visibility and a more comprehensive understanding of the behaviors and demographics of our audiences. David Santrella CEO Salem Media Group We needed a technology partner that could help us monetize, scale, and keep up with the demand of our growing audience. Triton Digital was the obvious choice for us. The company’s vast array of solutions helps us manage our streaming audio and podcast advertising programmatically to simplify the advertising process and maximize ad revenue. Hernan Vilaplana Head of Digital Business and CFO, Radio Mitre SA As Australia’s leading independent audio entertainment destination, we pride ourselves on creating unforgettable experiences loved and shared by our listeners. With TAP we are able to streamline our audio campaign management to drive operational efficiencies, enabling us to deliver the audio entertainment experiences our customers have come to love and expect. Tim Armstrong Director of Digital Capability and Data, NOVA Entertainment Triton Digital’s audio streaming technologies enable us to deliver a top - quality streaming service while gaining a better understanding of our audience to guide programming decisions and improved inventory monetization. With Triton, we’re able to seamlessly provide audiences with the content they seek and help our clients optimize their audio campaigns. Rafael Páez Rodríguez National Production Manager, Organización Radial Olímpica I’ve worked with Triton for the past 4 years and awaited the new version of TAP with great expectations. The UI is incredibly intuitive and user friendly. The platform is simpler and dramatically faster to use. The design is user focused without lacking any functionality. I would highly recommend it over any other audio platform in the market. Jeremy Webb Ad Operations and Programmatic Director, ARN Triton Digital’s Podcast Metrics Report is highly regarded by the advertising community for independent measurement and comparative data on podcast networks and titles. We are confident that our debut will affirm the strength of the cabana podcast portfolio and its value to advertisers. Cathy Csukas CEO and Founder, AdLarge I like the new interface so much, it is easier now to set up campaigns. I love the ability to copy and paste flights, and also being able to have all the tools in one place. This was a good change. Ayme Ferrer NRM Comunicaciones Triton Digital has a robust offering of solutions that complement each other and make it easier to manage our advertising efforts. We’re thrilled about this partnership as it represents a huge step forward for CBS as we focus on expanding our audiences and maximizing revenue opportunities. Eugine Park Director of Digital Contents Department of Christian Broadcasting System We are thrilled to extend our partnership with Triton Digital, which has helped drive a significant increase in digital revenue while delivering our engaging content to our growing audience. We’re looking forward to this next chapter together, gaining increased visibility and a more comprehensive understanding of the behaviors and demographics of our audiences. David Santrella CEO Salem Media Group We needed a technology partner that could help us monetize, scale, and keep up with the demand of our growing audience. Triton Digital was the obvious choice for us. The company’s vast array of solutions helps us manage our streaming audio and podcast advertising programmatically to simplify the advertising process and maximize ad revenue. Hernan Vilaplana Head of Digital Business and CFO, Radio Mitre SA As Australia’s leading independent audio entertainment destination, we pride ourselves on creating unforgettable experiences loved and shared by our listeners. With TAP we are able to streamline our audio campaign management to drive operational efficiencies, enabling us to deliver the audio entertainment experiences our customers have come to love and expect. Tim Armstrong Director of Digital Capability and Data, NOVA Entertainment Triton Digital’s audio streaming technologies enable us to deliver a top - quality streaming service while gaining a better understanding of our audience to guide programming decisions and improved inventory monetization. With Triton, we’re able to seamlessly provide audiences with the content they seek and help our clients optimize their audio campaigns. Rafael Páez Rodríguez National Production Manager, Organización Radial Olímpica I’ve worked with Triton for the past 4 years and awaited the new version of TAP with great expectations. The UI is incredibly intuitive and user friendly. The platform is simpler and dramatically faster to use. The design is user focused without lacking any functionality. I would highly recommend it over any other audio platform in the market. Jeremy Webb Ad Operations and Programmatic Director, ARN Triton Digital’s Podcast Metrics Report is highly regarded by the advertising community for independent measurement and comparative data on podcast networks and titles. We are confident that our debut will affirm the strength of the cabana podcast portfolio and its value to advertisers. Cathy Csukas CEO and Founder, AdLarge I like the new interface so much, it is easier now to set up campaigns. I love the ability to copy and paste flights, and also being able to have all the tools in one place. This was a good change. Ayme Ferrer NRM Comunicaciones Careers Join Our Team We're Hiring! Ready to change the world of audio? Join our team of audio aficionados and technology gurus around the world. Life at Triton We are all about getting the job done while having fun! Newsroom News Broadcast Radio Is Now Available Through DSPs Anthony Vargas December 18, 2025 Read More The top marketing misconceptions of 2025, and how to fix them Emmy Liederman December 22, 2025 Read More Programmatic audio shifts to curation, identity, and video in 2026 Luis Rijo December 07, 2025 Read More View All News About Our Story Newsroom Careers Solutions Audio Streaming Enterprise Podcasting Monetization Podcast Metrics Webcast Metrics Resources Blog Podcast Rankers Streaming Rankers Learning Connect Contact Us Events Calendar Support © 2025 Triton Digital ® Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use Acceptable use Policy Copyright Policy