Professional Web Hosting - We provide solid web hosting & domain registration services! We provide premium cPanel hosting! Contact Register Client Area Knowledgebase Domains Register Domain Your very own website address Transfer Domain Move your domain to us Web Hosting Shared Hosting Premium cPanel hosting Reseller Hosting Start your own web hosting business Dedicated Servers Your powerful hosting environment TRK Hosting Company Overview All about TRK Hosting Why Choose Us The reasons why to choose us Announcements Stay up to date with the latest news Downloads We've compiled a selection of downloads Support Select page Home Domains - Register Domain - Transfer Domain Web Hosting - Shared Hosting - Reseller Hosting - Dedicated Servers Company Overview - Why Choose Us - Testimonials - Announcements - Downloads Support - - Shared Web Hosting Starting at $7.95 per month cPanel Included Free! Reseller Hosting Starting at $24.95 per month cPanel Included Free! Dedicated Servers Starting at $129.95 per month cPanel Included Free! Dedicated Servers Starting at $129.95 per month Get Started Now! A great domain means instant credibility Register your perfect domain name for just $14.95/yr .com $14.95/yr .net $14.95/yr .org $14.95/yr .biz $14.95/yr .info $14.95/yr Choose your web hosting plan to get started! Shared Hosting Plans Low Cost Shared Hosting Learn More Reseller Hosting Plans Start your own Reseller Business Learn More Dedicated Servers Ideal for large Business Sites Learn More Our hosting features Control panel Script installer LiteSpeed! Control panel All of our web hosting plans come with cPanel. All about cPanel With cPanel you can easily manage every aspect of your web hosting account. From creating custom email addresses all the way to editing your website files. The best thing about cPanel is that it can be accessed easily from any computer with an Internet connection. cPanel features cPanel allows you to easily: Manage your website files with its browser based file manager (e.g upload, delete, edit files) Create/delete email accounts of your choice (@yourcompany.com) and access webmail via your browser Install/remove software on your account with the help of Softaculous (Wordpress, Joomla etc) Create/manage/delete databases and privileges Manage account backups View your account statistics (visitors to your website, their country/computer specs etc) Script installer All of our web hosting plans come with Softaculous script installer. All about Softaculous Softaculous is a application built into cPanel that allows you to easily install from over 150 free scripts/software. Software includes Wordpress, Joomla, phpBB, Magento, Prestashop and many more. No matter which type of website you're looking to build we provide access to software that'll make it easier to create and manage your website/blog/forum/online store! Popular Softaculous scripts eCommerce - Magento, Presta Shop, WHMCS CMS - Wordpress, Joomla, Drupal Forum - MyBB, phpBB LiteSpeed! All of our web hosting packages come with LiteSpeed. LiteSpeed is up to 9 times faster than Apache (standard web server setup). LiteSpeed fully supports everything that Apache uses such as .htaccess and mod_rewrite so if your website loads quickly on an Apache server it will be even faster on our servers! Why LiteSpeed? Processes PHP 50% faster, wow! - (Wordpress which is the most popular software uses PHP) 3 times faster than SSL Apache hosting! Why choose TRK Hosting? The quality of our support is unmatched We take support one step further by tailoring our replies to suit your knowledge, expectations and personality. We're passionate about what we do What sets us apart from the competition is that we're passionate about the products/services we provide and quality of support. We welcome and act on your feedback We're always looking to improve every aspect of our business. From more features all the way to more frequent tutorials. Proven track record We've gained a reputation as a reliable and honest company in the last ten years with most of our customers coming from referrals. Services Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers Domains Register Domain Transfer Domain Support Contact Form Submit a Ticket Knowledgebase Company About Us Why Choose Us Announcements Server Status About Us We provide premium web hosting services and domain registration for small and medium sized businesses. Datacenter Locations London, UK Paris, France Berlin, Germany Amsterdam, Netherlands Moscow, Russia Madrid, Spain TRK Hosting © - All rights reserved 2026 Terms Of Service Acceptable Usage Policy Privacy Policy × Close Loading... Loading... Close Submit × Generate Password Please enter a number between 8 and 64 for the password length Password Length Generated Password Generate new password Copy Close Copy to clipboard and Insert