TronLink Wallet | Trusted by over 10,000,000 users worldwide Only official website of TronLink: https://tronlink.org Developer TronLink Developer Docs Developer Guide TronLink Integration How to integrate DApp with TronLink About TronWeb Core tool for DApp developers About Tron Protocols Sophisticated Java-tron protocol Help Install English English 繁体中文 简体中文 TronLink Wallet Trusted by over 10,000,000 users worldwide A decentralized self-custody wallet that is secure, transparent, and stable Fully supports the TRON network and deeply supports its staking mechanisms TronLink Extension now supports EVM networks including Ethereum, BSC, and BTTC Offers seamless access to DApps and smooth on-chain operations, catering to various Web3 use cases Install Now Scan to Install Android Google Play Android APK Security Verification Download line Asia Line US Line iOS App Store Browser Extension Chrome Web Store Add-ons for Firefox Scan to Install 100,000+ Tokens 5 Years Proven Track Record 200+ Countries 10,000,000+ Global Users Top-Notch & Full-Coverage Wallet Security Protection From environment to transaction data, we create a comprehensive security shield for your digital assets. Multidimensional tests on the running environment are conducted to ensure system security and protect your assets. Your private keys are dual-encrypted through the security technologies. More Inclusive Network Coverage Deep support for the TRON network: we support TRX, TRC-10, TRC-20, and TRC-721 tokens as well as unique staking mechanisms for you to obtain or delegate resources. Heterogeneous EVM networks supported: TronLink Extension now supports networks including Ethereum, BSC, and BTTC. Multichain HD wallet structure: this allows you to manage assets on TRON, Ethereum, BSC, and BTTC networks with a single mnemonic. More Secure Asset Management Decentralized wallet: data security ensured through local storage of private key and multi-layer algorithm encryption. Hot and cold wallets: sign in your hot wallet and store in your cold wallet to achieve physical isolation and double protection. Node stability and reliability: free switching among nodes and auto reconnection supported. More Convenient User Experience Simple and user-friendly: we support creating/importing wallets with one click, HD wallets, importing Ledger wallets via bluetooth and creating muiltiple wallet accounts. Multisignature feature: a new way of signing that enables multiple accounts to manage one set of assets in various use cases. Web3 browser: you can access trending Web3 DApps in DeFi, social media, and gaming in a few clicks and easily add DApps to your favorites. tronlink@tronlink.org Help Center ©Helix Tech Company Limited 2025 Privacy Policy Only official website of TronLink: https://tronlink.org TronLink Wallet Trusted by over 10,000,000 users worldwide Install Now A decentralized self-custody wallet that is secure, transparent, and stable Fully supports the TRON network and deeply supports its staking mechanisms TronLink Extension now supports EVM networks including Ethereum, BSC, and BTTC Offers seamless access to DApps and smooth on-chain operations, catering to various Web3 use cases 100,000+ Tokens 5 Years Proven Track Record 200+ Countries 10,000,000+ Global Users Top-Notch & Full-Coverage Wallet Security Protection From environment to transaction data, we create a comprehensive security shield for your digital assets. Multidimensional tests on the running environment are conducted to ensure system security and protect your assets. Your private keys are dual-encrypted through the security technologies. More Well-Rounded Features of TRON Full coverage of tokens: we support TRX, TRC-10, TRC-20 and TRC-721 tokens while serving global TRON users. Unique on-chain mechanism: you can stake TRX to gain resources and voting rights, consume resources instead of gas fees and vote for SRs to win considerable TRX. Available SDK and testnet: we serve developers who can help expand TRON's ecosystem through joint efforts. More Secure Asset Management Decentralized wallet: data security ensured through local storage of private key and multi-layer algorithm encryption. Hot and cold wallets: sign in your hot wallet and store in your cold wallet to achieve physical isolation and double protection. Node stability and reliability: free switching among nodes and auto reconnection supported. More Convenient User Experience Simple and user-friendly: we support creating/importing wallets with one click, HD wallets, importing Ledger wallets via bluetooth and creating muiltiple wallet accounts. Multisignature feature: multiple accounts to manage one set of assets with various use cases and a new way of signing. Switch and manage with ease: TronLink is available in the forms of mobile app and browser extension, catering to your needs in different use cases. Come and enjoy TRON DApps whenever and wherever you want! tronlink@tronlink.org Help Center Privacy Policy ©Helix Tech Company Limited 2025 Help Twitter Telegram 切换成中文 Google Play Android APK Security Verification Download line Asia Line US Line App Store