 Troy Hunt: Troy Hunt Mastodon Home Workshops Speaking Media About Contact Sponsor Sponsored by: Troy Hunt Hi, I'm Troy Hunt, I write this blog, run "Have I Been Pwned" and am a Microsoft Regional Director and MVP who travels the world speaking at events and training technology professionals Older posts Page 1 of 134 Weekly Update 484 28 December 2025 I think the start of this week's video really nailed it for the techies amongst us: shit doesn't work, you change something random and now shit works and yu have no idea why 🤷‍♂️ Such was my audio this week and apoligise to those of you watching the video below for the first few mins (although I managed to clean up the audio-only podcast version). Ironically, doing things non-standard at home was intended to iron out the creases before the impending travel so... a week from now when I do this w... Weekly update Weekly Update 483 20 December 2025 Building out an IoT environment is a little like the old Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs. All the stuff on the top is only any good if all the stuff on the bottom is good, starting with power. This week, I couldn't even get that right, but thankfully, sparky to rescue and ensuite underfloor heating disconnected, and we now have reliable power again. On top of that is the layer that has increasingly been my nemesis - the network. Two days after recording, I've just spent the better part of the entire... Weekly update Weekly Update 482 17 December 2025 Perhaps it's just the time of year where we all start to wind down a bit, or maybe I'm just tired after another massive 12 months, but this week's vid is way late. Ok, going away to the place that had just been breached (ironic!) didn't help, but I think in general the pace we've maintained this year just needs to come back a bit. That said, I'll try to get this week's and next week's out on time, then it's off on travels for the next four weeks after that. Stay tuned for more IoT problems in a... Weekly update Processing 630 Million More Pwned Passwords, Courtesy of the FBI 13 December 2025 The sheer scope of cybercrime can be hard to fathom, even when you live and breathe it every day. It's not just the volume of data, but also the extent to which it replicates across criminal actors seeking to abuse it for their own gain, and to our detriment.

We were reminded of this recently when the FBI reached out and asked if they could send us 630 million more passwords. For the last four years, they've been sending over passwords found during the course of their investigations in the hope... Have I Been Pwned Weekly Update 481 05 December 2025 Twelve years (and one day) since launching Have I Been Pwned, it's now a service that Charlotte and I live and breathe every day. From the first thing every morning to the last thing each day, from holidays to birthdays, in sickness and in heal... wait a minute - did we marry each other or a data breach service?! We decided to do a 12th-birthday special together today to give everyone a bit more insight into what she does and what life is like running this service. It's a different weekly vid, a... Weekly update Why Does Have I Been Pwned Contain "Fake" Email Addresses? 04 December 2025 Normally, when someone sends feedback like this, I ignore it, but it happens often enough that it deserves an explainer, because the answer is really, really simple. So simple, in fact, that it should be evident to the likes of Bruce, who decided his misunderstanding deserved a 1-star Trustpilot review yesterday:

Now, frankly, Trustpilot is a pretty questionable source of real-world, quality reviews anyway, but the same feedback has come through other channels enough times that let's just sort... Have I Been Pwned Weekly Update 480 01 December 2025 Well, I now have the answer to how Snapchat does age verification for under-16s: they give an underage kid the ability to change their date of birth, then do a facial scan to verify. The facial scan (a third party tells me...) allows someone well under 16 to pass it easily. So, is that control "reasonable"? I guess that will depend on whether this case is an outlier or a much more common scenario, and a sample set of one isn't particularly scientific. Either way, I expect that what we're seeing... Weekly update Weekly Update 479 23 November 2025 I gave up on the IoT water meter reader. Being technical and thinking you can solve everything with technology is both a blessing and a curse; dogged persistence has given me the life I have today, but it has also burned serious amounts of time because I never want to let a problem go unsolved. But sometimes, common sense and the ROI of my time have to prevail, so I packed up all the gear and went back to processing data breaches. If you happen to solve this problem in a way that doesn't require... Weekly update Weekly Update 478 16 November 2025 This week, it was an absolute privilege to be at Europol in The Hague, speaking about cyber offenders and at the InterCOP conference and spending time with some of the folks involved in the Operation Endgame actions. The latter in particular gave me a new sense of just how much coordination is involved in this sort of operation, all the way down to some of the messaging in the videos they've since released. I've seen some social commentary on these already, check them out and see what you think,... Weekly update Weekly Update 477 12 November 2025 What. A. Week. It wasn't just the preceding weeks of technical pain as we tried to work out how to get this data loaded, it was all the subsequent queries we had to deal with too. Some of them are totally understandable, whilst others just resulted in endless facepalms 🤦‍♂️ But we got there in the end with the worst of it just being a 24-hour period where we ended up on a SpamCop block list, for reasons I still don't understand. We are still on the very tail end of sending individual notificati... Weekly update Upcoming Events I often run private workshops around these, here's upcoming events I'll be at: Must Read Data breach disclosure 101: How to succeed after you've failed Data from connected CloudPets teddy bears leaked and ransomed, exposing kids' voice messages Here's how I verify data breaches When a nation is hacked: Understanding the ginormous Philippines data breach How I optimised my life to make my job redundant Don't have Pluralsight already? How about a 10 day free trial? That'll get you access to thousands of courses amongst which are dozens of my own including: OWASP Top 10 Web Application Security Risks for ASP.NET What Every Developer Must Know About HTTPS Hack Yourself First: How to go on the Cyber-Offense The Information Security Big Picture Ethical Hacking: Social Engineering Modernizing Your Websites with Azure Platform as a Service Introduction to Browser Security Headers Ethical Hacking: SQL Injection Web Security and the OWASP Top 10: The Big Picture Ethical Hacking: Hacking Web Applications Older posts Page 1 of 134 Subscribe Subscribe Now! Send new blog posts: daily weekly Hey, just quickly confirm you're not a robot: Submitting... Got it! Check your email, click the confirmation link I just sent you and we're done. Copyright 2025, Troy Hunt This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License . In other words, share generously but provide attribution. Disclaimer Opinions expressed here are my own and may not reflect those of others. Unless I'm quoting someone, they're just my own views. Published with Ghost This site runs entirely on Ghost and is made possible thanks to their kind support. Read more about why I chose to use Ghost .