Home Page | TrucksBook About Us Wiki Contact Registration Login Registration Login Log In Email Password Lost password? Remember Log In Proceed by clicking on the link that was sent to your email or enter the verification code here. Log In Welcome to TrucksBook TrucksBook is a system for players and virtual companies using Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator. Join the TrucksBook and become part of a large community of players! Registration Employee Mode In the Employee Mode you are employed in some virtual company or you can drive on your own. Job deliveries are automatically recorded in your logbook. You can also see your and company statistics and rankings. Manager Mode You will create your own company and manage it. You will hire new employees who will drive for your company. What do I need? Just register and download our program used for interaction with the game. It will automatically record your job deliveries to TrucksBook and communicate with the game. Then you can start exploring all possibilities of TrucksBook. Partners Logbook Have a great overview about your job deliveries! We save every detail about your job delivery. You can also see your whole route on the map. Statistics Compare yourself with others! Show the competing company that you are better than them and drive larger distance. Or just show off to your friend! Map Watch your colleagues on a virtual map. If they are in the multiplayer, you can connect to them and drive together. And if you accidentaly lost them, you can find them right away. Company Management As a company manager you can easily manage your entire company directly on the website, including your profile, logo, rules, dashboard, and other settings. At the same time, you can track your company's internal statistics and a complete logbook of your employees. There is also an integrated chat for convenient communication between employees. Dispatch Individual companies can choose their dispatcher who can conveniently assign custom jobs to their employees or create offers for them using only the web interface. You can also add your own jobs the same way individually. Using our program, you can then accept (or reject) the job, thanks to which it will subsequently appear in the game where you can deliver it. Convoys Managing convoys has never been easier. You can create your own convoy directly on the website and inform other players about it, or you can join someone else's already scheduled convoy. Forum Forum is the center of communication between all TrucksBook users. You can ask questions there, report bugs, show your company, or discuss with others. Copyright © 2026 TrucksBook.eu Terms and Conditions | Rules | Cookies Policy | English Language Selection Български Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Magyar Italiano Lietuvių Norsk Nederlands Polski Português (BR) Română Pусский Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски Svenska Türkçe Українська 简体中文 Cookies settings Our website uses cookies for the purpose of the provided services. Cookies are small text files that your web browser stores. The contents of these files are exchanged between your browser and our servers, or with the servers of our partners. Some cookies are needed for the website to function properly, some are used to store your preferences settings, some are needed for advertising and statistical analysis. Here you can set which cookies we will be able to use. We strongly recommend that you enable all the types of cookies, if you want your experience on our website to be as pleasant as possible. Necessary cookies These are basic cookies that are necessary for the proper behavior of our website and all its functions. They are mainly used to identify your user account, to manage consent to the use of cookies and also to protect our website against cyber attacks. Your consent is not required for these cookies and it is not even possible to remove it. Preferences cookies These cookies allow the website to remember the choices you have made in the past, such as the language in which you want the site to be displayed. Without enabling these cookies, you will have to re-select certain preference settings each time you visit our website. Analytics cookies These cookies gather information about how you use our website, the number of visits, the source of visits and other parameters. The collected data are gathered in an aggregated form, which does not allow us to trace the data to a specific user, so everything is completely anonymized. For this purpose, we use third-party applications Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager and their privacy policies can be read here . If you do not enable these cookies, we will not be able to analyze the performance of our website and optimize it for the easiest possible use. Advertising cookies These cookies track your online activity and help advertisers to provide more relevant ads or limit the number of times a given ad is shown to you. These information may be shared with other organizations or advertisers according to the Google Adsense's privacy policy we use for this purpose. If you do not enable these cookies, the ads will still be displayed to you, only they will not be relevant to you. User-generated cookies Users can embed content on our website in the form of images or videos, e.g. within forum posts or within descriptions. These images and videos linked from external sources may carry third party cookies with them. If you do not enable these cookies, you will only see text links to them instead of the actual images or videos. Reject Allow selected Allow all