TrueProfit - Profit Tracking App for Shopify Businesses Is your business financially healthy? Is your business financially healthy? Is your business financially healthy? Solutions Pricing Resources Partner Login / Sign up Start free trial #1 Net Profit Analytics For Shopify Forget about outdated spreadsheets, get real-time net profit insights that reveal your true bottom line. Start free trial View demo store Net Profit is the final truth to look at. In the vast ocean of metrics, net profit is the key that reveals the unseen reality of your true business performance, pointing you in the direction of profitable growth. Accurate net profit starts with getting your costs right With seamless integrations and advanced settings, your cost calculations become automatic, accurate, and effortless. Advertising costs Effortlessly synchronize real-time data from multiple ad accounts into one place, making it easy to monitor and calculate your ad spend across channels. Costs of Goods Bring in cost per item data from all your sources to calculate your Cost of Goods Sold. Adjust costs by product, zone, or quantity as needed to ensure accuracy tailored to your business needs. Shipping costs Shipping costs vary widely by region, product weight, or item quantity. Connect TrueProfit with your shipping providers or set custom rules to handle even the most complex shipping calculations. Hidden fees With TrueProfit, you get a clear view of all the small, often overlooked fees—like transaction costs, payment gateway charges, labor expenses, and one-time payments—that can quietly erode your store's profits. Making decisions is guesswork— Not with Net Profit-based reports. For the first time ever, you gain a 360-degree view of your financial performance that leads to profit-driven decisions. Know your store-wide status Get a comprehensive view of your store performance across all the Shopify stores you manage: Must-know metrics at your fingertips: See your exact Net Profit, plus all the metrics that impact your bottom line—all in real-time. Insightful analytics at a glance: Visualize and optimize your profitability with interactive performance graphs, cost breakdowns, and everything in between. Profit Dashboard Identify winning products Gain a deep understanding about your product profitability with comprehensive insights that allow you to: Identify and scale your winning products by looking at their Net Profit, Net Profit Margin, and a range of other product-level metrics. Optimize spending for every product effectively by seeing exactly how much you're investing in each product—including the elusive ad spend. Product Analytics Optimize multi-channel campaigns Rely on ad data and attribution unaffected by iOS 14 updates or third-party cookie depreciation, so you can: Build the high-converting sales funnels by understanding the impact of each ad/ad channel towards conversion. Determine the profitability of your advertising with Net Profit on Ad Spend, our unique metric that goes beyond ROAS to give you the clearest picture of your true return on ad spend. Marketing Attribution Why the big guys vouch for TrueProfit When it comes to profit tracking and business scaling, TrueProfit is the go-to platform of the top performers. Jordan Jordan Brown 260K subscribers Marcos Molla Marcos Molla 79K subscribers Andy Stauring Andy Stauring 123K subscribers Taysthetic Taysthetic 56.9K subscribers See All Videos > Your next wise move starts with seeing your True Net Profit now. Get instant net profit insights into your numbers to make every choice count— with TrueProfit! Start Free Trial View Demo Store The truths about Shopify profits —delivered weekly A weekly dose of honesty for Shopify sellers who care about making money (and actually keeping it) Winning product ideas Profit-focused data from trusted source Battle-tested tactics that fuel profit Subscribe now Instantly focus on what truly matters - your Net Profit Features Profit Dashboard Product Analytics Expense Tracking Customer Lifetime Value Real-time P&L Report Marketing Attribution Integrations TikTok Shop's Net Profit TrueProfit is for Small Business Owners Enterprise Business Marketing Agency Use cases Profit Tracking Profit Optimization Ad Tracking Partner Referral Program Affiliate Program Partnership Program Comparison Vs. Triple Whale Vs. BeProfit Vs. Lifetimely Vs. Spreadsheets Resources Community Blog Product Updates Profit Lab Newsletter Free Ecommerce Tools KOLs On TrueProfit Help Center About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Services App Status Available on Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe © TrueProfit. All rights reserved.