Automation & Optimization AI Platform for Publishers | True Anthem Skip to content Solution Company Contact Us Resources Blog Solution Company Contact Us Resources Blog Login Request a demo Solution Company Contact Us Resources Blog Solution Company Contact Us Resources Blog Login Request a demo AI-powered social publishing True Anthem has pioneered the use of advanced AI to help publishers grow traffic and automate social media workflow. Request a demo Trusted by the world’s top publishers. Grow your traffic with data-driven posting Leveraging real time data from your website and social media channels, our proprietary algorithms optimize the distribution of your content. There is no guesswork involved—just consistent, data-informed posting. Lighten your social media workload True Anthem helps publishers optimize and automate even the most complex social media strategies, including news and evergreen content. Full editorial control and customization You have complete control. Our dashboard allows you to easily find high performing content, edit headlines, images, post copy, post order, or eliminate the post completely. Simply look it over, make your changes (or don’t! Maybe we nailed it) and move on to your day. Learn more All social networks in one platform True Anthem automates and optimizes posts across Facebook, Threads, X, LinkedIn, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, and Pinterest. You won’t have to switch between software to manage your content across platforms. Customer success is what we do Our team is available 24/7. We are known for our exceptional customer service and partnership driven approach to deliver on your social media goals and objectives. Support We think we’re the best. But you don’t have to take our word for it. What our customers are saying “True Anthem’s product and team have been a perfect fit for our newsroom. They provide a cutting-edge, intuitive solution tailored to our unique social media and editorial needs. Impressive UI, top-notch reporting tools, and seamless integration across multiple platforms made choosing True Anthem a no-brainer.” John Joseph Head of Digital “Cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Ex sunt in culpa qui officia des cepteur sint occaecat.” Jonathan Geller Founder & Editor-in-chief “Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum!” John Joseph Head of Digital “At Valnet we use True Anthem’s AI-driven social media tools to manage more than 140 million followers across the biggest social media platforms. The results speak for themselves; In the past year, we’ve grown engagement by more than 25%, experienced massive follower growth, and discovered the best content to share. We even use TA to find new content to focus on using their excellent set of performance-based reporting tools. If you’re a publisher with a social following and you’re not using True Anthem, you’re already trailing behind competitors who have implemented their tech.” James Kosur Head of Marketing, Gaming Valnet “True Anthem is more than a vendor, they are a partner that is invested in our company’s success.” Jon Wile VP/Content & Design American City Business Journals “True Anthem’s product and team have been a perfect fit for our newsroom. They provide a cutting-edge, intuitive solution tailored to our unique social media and editorial needs. Impressive UI, top-notch reporting tools, and seamless integration across multiple platforms made choosing True Anthem a no-brainer.” Jonathan S. Geller Founder & Editor-in-chief BGR “We switched to True Anthem because we needed a social publishing tool that automatically handles the work of scheduling so that our team could focus on content. We’re a local, independent publisher, and True Anthem’s AI gave us instant access to sophisticated insights and workflow improvements that we thought would be out of reach for us.” Kayla Gagnet Senior Editor, Digital The Advocate Request a demo If you are ready to grow traffic or automate aspects of your day-to-day social media workflow, please submit a request to see a product demo. We’ll get back to you within a business day. Business Email First Name Last Name Company Get weekly updates in my inbox By submitting the form above, you agree to the Terms of Service. Send request AI-Powered Social Publishing Pages Home Solution Company Blog Careers Request a Demo Contact Us Login Connect Facebook Twitter Logo Linkedin Instagram © 2016-2025 True Anthem | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | All rights reserved Get data-based social guidance straight to you for free. Things you’ll find in your inbox: Tips, tricks, and best practices Social media news Case studies Data-focused publishing guidance We use data to provide tips, tricks and guidelines to build the best social media strategy you can possibly build. First Name Email Sign me up