TrueLayer - Europe's leading open banking platform Skip to main content Products Industries Resources About Contact us Sign in We’re leading the Pay by Bank revolution Talk to us Merchants are trapped by increasing fees and a lack of choice in payment solutions. By joining TrueLayer’s Pay by Bank network, merchants are future proofing their payment tech and bringing operational costs back down to earth. Trusted by Europe’s fastest growing Pay by Bank network 20 million + Consumers in the TrueLayer Network 40% Of all UK Pay by Bank transactions $116B Annualised payment volume 1 new user, every 3 seconds A new user joins the TrueLayer network every 3 seconds meaning businesses get to tap into a rapidly growing user base primed to convert with Pay by Bank. Learn about our network A world without cards means... Lowering payment costs by +40% Cut out multiple middle-men taking a slice, plus all the costs associated with card fraud and chargebacks. Reinvest the savings and bump up your bottom line. Read the Papa Johns use case Increasing AOV by 20% Taking away any friction at the checkout not only boosts sales but sees returning customers converting at up to 90%. Read the lastminute.com use case 71% of customers choosing Pay by Bank With card fraud set to grow by a further $10bn by 2028, give your customers a card-network-free-zone, and rest assured you’ll be watching them use it. Read the Jaja Finance use case Handling almost half of all UK Pay by Bank payments, and more than 2x the daily volume of our nearest competitors, the TrueLayer infrastructure and technology is tried, tested and built for enterprise businesses. Plus customers love it “ With Pay by Bank, you don’t have to get up to find your card, or add in any details at all. Frankly, it saves so much time. Plus, because of the biometrics, I trust that the payment method is safe and secure. A Jaja Finance customer Learn more We’re levelling the paying field Simplicity Goodbye to 16-digit cards which are slow and were designed for the physical world. Hello to modern digital payments, which are instant and were designed for the consumers and businesses of today. Safety No more cards, means no more card fraud. Consumers confirm purchases via the safety of their banking app. Pay by Bank means consumers can also trust the payee is who they say they are, as they’re vetted and onboarded by us before joining. Choice Duopolies are bad for business. It’s our mission to bring more competition and choice to the world of payments. We call this levelling the paying field—we do this by pushing for change and driving modernisation. Talk to us Checkout, our products. Payments Cut costs and boost your revenue with the easy, fast and secure way to pay. Streamlined user experiences see 90% of returning customers converting, and a 20+% increase in first-time conversions from the TrueLayer network. Go to Payments Payouts Recurring Payments Credit/Debit card Manual bank transfer Other Pay by Bank Recommended Pay securely from your bank app - no card needed. Learn more Your wallet balance £350.00 Withdraw Your transactions See all Coffee shop 23 Dec 2025 -£9.40 Car wash 22 Dec 2025 -£15.00 Fruit shop 21 Dec 2025 -£5.60 John 20 Dec 2025 £180.00 Energy bill 19 Dec 2025 -£50.20 Transfer 18 Dec 2025 £250.00 Set your payment date We’ll take the money every month on this date 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Pay by Bank Recommended Pay securely from your bank app - no card needed. Learn more Account connected Pay instantly Payment successful £500.00 Withdrawal complete Payout instantly Payout successful Money sent Only connect accounts once Secure and FCA authorised Set up complete Your regular payment is ready Solutions. For the change-makers. Our solutions are clever combinations of products and add-ons which solve specific problems for the payments industry. We take industry challenges and put our world-class engineers and designers to task to solve them. Signup+ Convert more customers by streamlining onboarding with a single payment. Learn about Signup+ Verified Payouts The right bank account every time Learn about Verified Payouts Add-ons. For the fast-trackers. Our add-ons turbocharge your business operations, onboarding speed, and personalisation capacity with tools and data that power unforgettable user experiences, and give you real-time visibility of transactions. Data Learn about Data Verification Learn about Verification User Incentives Learn about User Incentives Get started Talk to us We're here to help you make the most of open banking payments. Get in touch Start building Create an account now to explore our APIs. Sign up Resources 15 Sep 2025 Products Verified Payouts: the hidden advantage in your payment journey How a real merchant’s payout challenge sparked a first-to-market payout solution. 12 Sep 2025 Ecommerce What makes a checkout resilient enough for Black Friday/Cyber Monday? Find out how to build the most resilient checkout that brings your customers back for more. 12 Sep 2025 Recurring payments Everything you need to know about sweeping payments in 2 minutes Sweeping payments — part of variable recurring payments — explained in just a few minutes. 2 Sep 2025 Announcements TrueLayer launches in Poland, strengthening European payments leadership TrueLayer adds Zloty as its third supported currency (alongside GBP and EUR). Go to blog Insights straight to your inbox Join 10,000+ subscribers getting the latest open banking news Products Payments Payouts Recurring Payments Signup+ Data Verification Developers Development quick start API reference Console Support Company Contact About us Careers Newsroom Blog All posts Announcements Culture Engineering Open banking Payments Product Resources Blog Customer stories Events Reports Legal Complaints policy Employee privacy policy Security Privacy policy End-user ToS Accessibility Statement Deutschland España France Italia Ireland United Kingdom © TrueLayer Ltd. 2025. TrueLayer is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority under the Payment Services Regulations 2017 and Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (Firm Reference Number: 901096).