 
Solutions
 
Products
 
About
 
Resources
 
Contact
Infinite possibilities. Bespoke brand experiences.

Infillion elevates media outcomes for agencies and brands with powerful new solutions—now including MediaMath. Our proprietary ad solutions deliver the highest levels of consumer engagement and attention, custom-built for the best brands in the world.

Infillion
A Unified, Scalable Platform with Endless Customizable Solutions

Forget what you know about media technology companies. Through a combination of managed service ad products and demand-side solutions, Infillion unlocks a more customizable, transparent, and holistic approach to omnichannel media.

A Channel for Every Objective

Video, CTV, OOH, display, mobile, and more. Target and retarget with precision across your entire omnichannel campaign.

Tools to Make an Impact

Time to shine. Deliver impactful brand outcomes with high- octane digital creative solutions across every channel.

Programmatic Solutions at Scale

Build and optimize your own digital experience with MediaMath, the most customizable DSP solution on the market.

Always-On Service

Increase your creative, client success, and ad trafficking capacity by tapping into our 24/7 global support team.

Trusted by the World’s Top Agencies
Infillion Ad Products
Explore the Possibilities
Elevate the consumer experience by reaching consumers where they spend their time, and deliver real human attention via technology that connects people, places, and digital experiences.
TrueX
Guaranteed Engagement

Grab consumer attention with guaranteed opt-in omnichannel engagements.

Learn more >

NeXt
Identity-Driven Performance

Boost results and amplify reach with the complete performance media package, designed from end-to-end.

Learn more >

InStadium
Captivate Live Audiences

Unlock the power of live sports and reach fans with high-impact brand experiences via the world’s largest live sports OOH network.

Learn more >

MediaMath
Manage Your Campaigns

Take control of your advertising with the industry’s most powerful self-serve DSP for efficient and effective omnichannel campaigns, now enhanced with Infillion data and inventory.

Learn more >

Access Premium Engagement via Top Publishers
Why Infillion Media
 Global Omnichannel Scale. Superior Inventory. And the World’s Most Effective Ad Formats.

real-world locations to target and attribute

%

guaranteed attention with TrueX campaigns

%

of U.S. stadiums available for media placements

%

of campaigns built on privacy-first framework

unique creatives served each year (and growing)

premium publishers in the Infillion network
Software Solutions
Insights for Action

Learn how better data from location and consumer sentiment can power rich insights and customer-first experiences for enterprise businesses.

Gimbal
Real-World Signals

Enhance marketing, ops, and commerce
with a geofencing and proximity location stack.

Learn more >

Analytiks.ai
In-Store Visitation

Power data-driven decisions about your venues through hyper-accurate store monitoring.

Learn more >
Get Started
Elevate Your Efforts

Offering a tailored approach for every client, from guidance to full-service custom collaboration, Infillion transform your objectives into reality.

Learn How
Company
About
Awards
Blog
Careers
Leadership
Press & News
Social Responsibility
Press Kit
Products
TrueTargeting
XGraph
TrueX
NeXt
IDVx
InStadium
MediaMath
UpLift
Arrival
Gimbal
Analytiks.ai
Phonic
News & Insights
Five Conversations That Changed How We Think About Media in 2025 December 22, 2025
The AI Readiness Gap: Why Advertising’s Infrastructure Is Holding Intelligence Back December 18, 2025
The Era of AI-Controlled Media Buying Has Arrived December 17, 2025
Infillion Launches Infillion Agent Connector™ – A New Way Of Managing AI-Controlled Buying That Runs On The First Agent-Native Composable Platform In Adtech. December 16, 2025
The Hidden Costs of Opacity: How Fragmentation Bleeds Media Budgets December 9, 2025
Privacy Ad Content Guidelines Terms Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information GDPR Cookies Settings
  
© Infillion - All rights reserved
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies