Find Pet Sitters & House Sits Worldwide | TrustedHousesitters.com We use cookies to give you the best experience. Learn more close Home Log in Find a pet sitter Find a house sit How it works My pets need a sitter I want to pet sit Trust and safety Pricing Blog About us Help Community forum TrustedHousesitters TrustedHousesitters Find a pet sitter Find a house sit How it works My pets need a sitter I want to pet sit Help Log in Join Now More arrow-down The freedom to travel Discover unique homestays around the world, in exchange for caring for adorable pets Finding a pet sitter chevron-right Search for homes to sit chevron-right 10 years of happy pets, 230k+ happy members Better for pet parents Pet parents get real peace of mind knowing their pets (and home) are cared for while they’re away. Better for pets Pets stay happy at home with a sitter who gives them loving care and companionship. Better for sitters Sitters exchange their time, care and expertise for interesting homestays and unique travel experiences. Find a sitter chevron-right Find a house sit chevron-right What pets do you have? Find out why TrustedHousesitters could be the best pet care choice for you and your pets. Dogs Cats Poultry Horses Show more Get started Connect with caring sitters Find a verified and reviewed sitter who’ll keep your pets company and give them all the time, care and attention in the world. Explore pet sitters chevron-right Calling all pet & travel lovers Stay with adorable animals in unique homes around the world. Sit as often as you like, wherever you like. Browse house sitting stays chevron-right Why house sitting works Watch to find out why pets and people love TrustedHousesitters. Play video play We're here for you “ The beauty of TrustedHousesitters is that their staff are always helpful, polite, cannot do enough for you... David, leaving a 5 star review on Trustpilot Our friendly, award-winning Membership Services team is always happy to help. You can find helpful articles or chat with us on our Help Desk . Find a sitter chevron-right Find a house sit chevron-right Committed to people, pets and the planet We're prioritising the happiness of animals and reducing our environmental impact through pet caring and home sharing. See our certification What’s next? Find a pet sitter Going away? Connect with caring pet sitters who’ll keep your pets safe and happy at home all year round. Find a pet sitter arrow-right Find a house sit Want to go house sitting? Browse the latest house sits with pets around the world. Find a house sit arrow-right Download the app and use TrustedHousesitters anywhere App store badge Play store badge Find a sitter chevron-right Find a house sit chevron-right Dog sitters Cat sitters Community Forum Home and Contents Plan Vacation pet care cost calculator Pet sitting to make memories, not money Dog sitting: let your love of dogs take you places How much do dog sitters charge? Identify & treat separation anxiety in dogs Dog Kennel Alternatives Prepare for your sitter Long Term House Sitting Opportunities Should I choose a local dog sitter? Alternative to Catteries Should I take my dog on holiday? How to find a dog sitter arrow-left arrow-right We're proud to be B Corp Certified, showing our commitment to people, pets and the planet. Help How it works for pet owners How it works for pet sitters Pricing Trust and safety Help desk Home & Contents Plan House sitting & border control Reviews Discover more About us Community forum Sustainability Careers Blog Press room Affiliates Working together Start searching for… Start searching for… Pet sitters Cat sitters near me Dog sitters near me Pet sitters in London Pet sitters in New York Pet sitters in Los Angeles Pet sitters in Sydney Pet sitters in Melbourne Pet sitters in Vancouver All pet sitter locations Why not explore… Why not explore… House sitting Long term house sits House sits in London House sits in New York House sits in Los Angeles House sits in Sydney House sits in Melbourne House sits in Vancouver All house sitting locations Proud to be B Corp certified The Trusted Community Navigate to Instagram Navigate to TikTok Navigate to Facebook Navigate to Youtube Navigate to Linkedin Download the app App store badge Play store badge © 2026 TrustedHousesitters.com ™ Terms of service Privacy Help keep your account up to date Verify your email to stay connected with other members and receive important updates. Verify your email now