Trustpilot Reviews: Experience the power of customer reviews Write a review Categories Blog Log in For businesses For businesses Log in Write a review Categories Blog Find a company you can trust Discover, read, and write reviews Bought something recently? Write a review What are you looking for? See more Bank Travel Insurance Company Car Dealer Furniture Store Jewelry Store Clothing Store Electronics & Technology Fitness and Nutrition Service Pet Store Energy Supplier Real Estate Agents Insurance Agency Bedroom Furniture Store Activewear Store Women's Clothing Store Men's Clothing Store Bicycle Store Shoe Store Mortgage Broker Appliance Store Cosmetics Store Electronics Store Garden Center Travel Agency Looking to grow your business? Strengthen your reputation with reviews on Trustpilot. Get started Best in Bank See more LendingClub lendingclub.com 4.7 (9205) BankFive www.bankfive.com 4.7 (5175) DuGood Credit Union www.dugood.org 4.7 (4423) Credit Union of New Jersey www.cunj.com 4.7 (4353) Help millions make the right choice Help millions make the right choice Share your experience on Trustpilot, where reviews make a difference. Login or sign up Best in Travel Insurance Company See more AARDY aardy.com 4.9 (41862) TripInsure101 tripinsure101.com 4.9 (3278) Travel Defenders traveldefenders.com 4.9 (1744) Faye Travel Insurance withfaye.com 4.8 (2670) We’re Trustpilot We’re Trustpilot We’re a review platform that’s open to everyone. Our vision is to become the universal symbol of trust — by empowering people to shop with confidence, and helping companies improve. What we do Our new Trust Report has landed! Find out which actions we’ve taken to protect you and promote trust on our platform. Take a look Recent reviews shahryar shahini I advice using your AI (!) to get help for incorporation instead of Legalzoom. These filings are online and relatively simple. I started my company with legal zoom to make sure everything would be fine and clean. I got the pro package. Legalzoom staff do not have any idea of what they are doing and do not have any answers if you have questions they ask AI or look it up in Google and read it to you. When you are incorpating and filling the forms they will not show you any summary for what they are submitting to the state on your behalf and they only show it to you after it is filed! I have mistakenly put my info on their website and got pro package and they incorporates an LLC instead of a corporation for me, without showing me what is going to be filed before it was filed. They only showed the recipt after it was already filed. Then I called customer service and they said oh it is filed we can't cancel it. Then I ended up getting advice from them and they scammed me into getting concierge coverage (1000$!) for liability to convert the LLC to C corporation. The consierge manager had no idea what she is supposed to do and was unable to file the conversion after two weeks. She also never answered the phone, never called on scheduled time and never answered any email on time. After all this I decided to cancel the LLC and incorporate another corporation in another state. Legalzoom did not even take accountability for their mistake and have not even refund the LLC incorporation fee (150$) they have charged me. I had to pay another 520$ to cancel the LLC that was incorporated by their mistake and incompetence. So in total I have paid about 800$ for something I never wanted. Legalzoom accepted no accountability, non! The way they operate is that they put sloppy staff to file forms on your behalf, they don't care if it's wrong or right, cause they are not responsible for state fees! You heard that right, that means their staff will file anything wrong and at the end you are responsible for anything they do wrong for state fees! I strongly advice you do some research and file yourself it is very simple, I have done it myself after this with no problem. I can't believe how much time I wasted talking and chatting with their agents. I could have just called the state and get advice from them which is much more reliable. I hope this is helpful. LegalZoom www.legalzoom.com Ijlal Naqvi My experience with Slater and Gordon has been extremely disappointing and unprofessional.

I instructed this firm following an accident in 2022 under a no win no fee agreement. At the start, they were responsive and actively engaged with my case. I provided all required documents and information promptly whenever asked. However, from mid-2023 onwards, communication almost completely stopped.

Despite repeatedly chasing them by phone and email, I received no proper responses, no updates, and no clear explanation about the progress of my case. Being ignored for such a long period, especially in a legal matter, is unacceptable — regardless of whether the case is no win no fee or not.

Clients on a no win no fee basis still deserve basic professionalism, transparency, and communication. Unfortunately, my experience showed a complete lack of these. The silence caused unnecessary stress and left me feeling abandoned by a firm I trusted to handle my case responsibly.

Based on my experience, I would strongly not recommend Slater and Gordon to anyone seeking reliable legal representation. Slater and Gordon Lawyers slatergordon.co.uk Jonny Hill As a very overweight individual I've had a really long winded time getting suitable hospital transport. With the NHS not offering at home scans I very fortunately came across this company. Is spent 8 weeks on a severe state of stress and depression to find out of my liver was in a state or cirrhosis and I was terrified. 

I happen to be on the phone to my Dr at 9am and was told I need to get a scan done and she would phone on the afternoon to see if there was an alternative option. I got off the phone and called up. Within 90 mins they had traveled 50miles to my home, completed the scan and we're very kind and helpful, answering my questions and giving above and beyond to get the scan needed. I got the scan photos back with a report hours later and when my doctor phoned back I told her the scan was done and I would email the photos and report over. 

She was utterly shocked at the speed and so was I. A top class service at a reasonable price. Would use again if needed. Comfortscan comfortscan.co.uk Chris Rey I'm out of detergent for my Twindos washing machine, and I wanted to order a box of Ultraphase 1 and 2. Normally, you could choose the number of phases 1 and 2 per box. Because I now have Ultraphase 2, I have two bottles left from my previous box order. Now you can only choose three bottles of phase 1 and three of phase 2, of which you pay for five and get one free. My question to Miele was, why can't I choose the number of phases 1 and 2 myself in the promotion? Why can't I order the Refresh Elixir separately in my Miele app? I now have to order the box with three phases 1 and three phase 2. I wanted five phases 1 and one phase 2 of the Refresh Elixir. After all, you pay so much money and don't have a choice in your order. Until my order arrives, I bought “Pots”detergent for the first time to do my laundry, and you know what? I'm actually quite happy with it. I've never used any other detergent than Miele's. Necessity knows no law. Miele Nederland miele.nl Cadet85 Its was ok. I felt like they gave me a rookie photographer .The reason why I felt that was because I noticed in one of my photos that my collar on my shirt wasn't in the correct position and he never corrected it. I only noticed after I downloaded some of the photos. It seemed like he had a limited amount of ideas on poses as well. But he wasn't bad.
I was also shocked to find out that I was going to be charged extra from some emails I received if I didn't prove what was going on. After that, I dont know if I want to recommend a friend to try this service out. Snappr snappr.com Marie Louza I absolutely love MOV Labs’ deodorant and soap. I have eczema and very sensitive skin, so I’m extremely cautious with what I use most products cause irritation or flare-ups. These did not. At all.

My skin feels calm, clean, and comfortable, and the scents are incredible. Using them genuinely feels like a spa experience every day! Fresh, soothing, and luxurious without being overwhelming.

It’s rare to find products that are both gentle and smell this good. Highly recommend, especially if you have sensitive or reactive skin. Movlabs movlabs.co fiza caan I placed an order on the 22nd was told I would get my delivery in 2days I’ve tried send emails to customer services and had no reply the customer service is terrible it’s been a week and had no delivery or reply I understand it’s a busy time of year but if your telling a customer you will be sending the items on a specific date you expect it to come and I still don’t have a tracking number on my shop account where I placed the order, also I expect an reply and not received one very disappointed! The Scent Reserve thescentreserve.com Tam Basilio Nothing but scam. I purchased a product that was amazing in the store, it is not what was sold to me. They truly tried to pressure me into buying a 5000.00 face light. When I told them no and that I had already paid for the cream at a discount, they were VERY upset. 3 different people took turns trying to force me into the purchase. I guess they thought of they got me drunk on the FREE alcohol I'd cave in. Then left my face half covered in dried on product when I refused to buy. Green Biotics green-biotics.com Mark Gowdy Horrendous experience, as with everyone else I was sold a dream from their high end marketing but the reality is very different. I wish I had looked at the reviews before ordering, if you are one looking before ordering, please please avoid at all costs. I ordered in May 2025 and still haven’t received my order over 6 months later. I’m not sure if it’s a scam or they simply have completely incompetent team. Old Money www.old-money.com Steve Paul Adams Over priced rubbish three times to day I contacted support and was told ten minutes wait time  so I waited and waited but nothing so I requested call backs x 3 but nothing so now cancelled my subscription  cameras are very unreliable just the same as there support PEOPLE STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY IT ABSOLUTELY USELESS I’ll be requesting my money back for camera and subscription 🤬🤬🤬 Arlo Security | United Kingdom arlo.com/en_gb Robert Gale I have bought replacement parts from Steve Appliances for a Simpson clothes dryer and now a Nilfisk vacuum cleaner.

Genuine parts, with super quick delivery even over the Christmas period. 

Ordered on 24th Dec delivered 30th Dec.
NB: Their website warns some delivery times may be longer.

Would highly recommend. appliancespares.nz appliancespares.nz Samuel Sherrow Great customer service and communication.  I liked the text message, letting me know things were on the way and that I could text back if I had any issues.  That felt personalized!  I'm sure these replacement pads for my Boze will last a long time but I may get a different color next time.  Thanks again! Wicked Cushions www.wickedcushions.com Erick Forsythe I ordered the Broody plush and received a cheap $5 telescope? What is this mess? I have already tried to contact customer service through the website and have not heard back yet. This is not what I wanted by far and now my daughter must go without the gift I ordered to be here in time for her birthday. Meetbroody meetbroody.com Pradeep Sahukar Excellent service, always kept me updated about tickets, instructions and much more. Had no issues at all entering the stadium and all the services at the stadium were exactly what viagogo promised through the ticket purchase. Me and my family thoroughly enjoyed our first united game together viagogo www.viagogo.com Anna Weigold The Sculpd kits are perfect for beginner arts&crafts at home. I‘ve used the textured canvas kit and the pottery kit. Both had everything you could possibly need - it comes with all the tools and paints. The kits even come with instructions and ideas for what to make. Sculpd sculpd.co.uk Rojin I recommend, i made a custom hoodie for my sister and used the front, back and both sleeves. Both me and my sister are very impressed with how the quality of the hoodie turned out and how amazing the print looks. My sister is very excited to wear her new hoodie! Tapstitch www.tapstitch.com Amanda Talbot Excellent! From initial delivery to the jacket itself, all perfect! Return was so easy today within the same lovely packaging the jacket arrived in. Think this has been the easiest hire of anything ever. Will definitely be using this service again. Thank you x Blanqo blanqo.co.uk Emma Perez the care and the in depth information that she shares with my son. She takes her time to make sure that my son understands the process without rushing him. She is very professional and has an amazing passion with helping my son to excel and achieve his goals. Brighterly brighterly.com Robihno Malcolm Here's a sample review:

"Love sharing  my opinions on [ zummi.io]! 💬 Surveys are legit, points add up fast, and cashouts are smooth 💸. Great way to voice my thoughts and earn rewards. Highly recommend for anyone who loves sharing their two cents 😊👍" Zummi zummi.io K Crimson I bought the tester collection because I was curious. Immediately ordered two full sized bottles of my favourites. It not just the scents that are nice, its the entire experience. The packaging, the backstories, it's extremely atmospheric. Instant fave Cursed cursedfragrances.co.uk Kim Coker This is a most unique gift idea! My husband loved the book and was laughing through the pages.  He is waiting, impatiently, for the 2nd volume - I think this will be an ongoing gift that never ends.  Thank you! Book by Anyone www.bookbyanyone.com Larry Scott I unfortunately did not understand the terms and conditions and Travis helped me in a very professional and timely manner, he resolved my issue and made me feel like a valued customer thank you travis Bright www.brightmoney.co Rachel Cruz Fast efficient service ! After leaving a 50% deposit on my XDJ-AZ, the balance via finance was agreed within minutes ! 
Will definitely use them again for future Dj hardware purchases. Bop DJ bopdj.com Dawn Peterson My two frenchies, Shaggy and Scooby loved the tree and gingerbread man. Then our 7 months old puppy which is an Aussie-Stanford mix loved tug of war with the rope. Bullymake bullymake.com Dolce Far Niente Fast shipping even during the holidays.  And their Haribo grapefruit slices are to die for;  impossible to find anymore, so bless Only Kosher for stocking them! Only Kosher Candy www.onlykoshercandy.com Kaao Pingpong It was amazing the product is exactly the same as the représentative pictures. Top quality, nice materials use for it. Goood color. Appagnan Burga burga.fr Kevin Strong Great range of Stance items. I’ve bought from Shore a few times and no doubt will be returning for more. Great prices and quick despatch. Shore.co.uk www.shore.co.uk Aq Rogue Natsu was incredibly quick - I also have never seen such an amazing live updating system whilst the booster is playing - Incredible Tons of XP tonsofxp.com Alexandra Andersen Wood Wonderful service, super quick delivery just before Christmas,  most beautiful packaging. Love everything in my order. Love Fortnums Fortnum & Mason www.fortnumandmason.com Joseph Shemeta Very quick response to my warranty needs.
Very kind and efficient worker who told me of the decision to replace the broken part. mondawe.com mondawe.com Marina Godoy A lifesaver! I received frequent notifications, and after just one month of using the app, I got the keys to my new place today! Stekkies stekkies.com Hassan Abdullahi It followed through with what it said. 2-3 business days. Another thing is the notifications are good and informative Dahabshiil dahabshiil.com Svetlana Shevelyova The quality of the paper and content is excellent. This would make a wonderful gift for my grandson. Wonderwraps wonderwraps.com Chris Davies Easy online shopping with fast delivery. Modelsport is one of my go to shops for RC. Modelsport www.modelsport.co.uk Marie K My mom ordered the pink plaid for $47 and they sent her a shirt with a bull on it! Doclothes doclothes.com Olawumi Tosin It was awesome and fantastic. I love the way (Karen ACG) attended to me. Alpha Capital Group alphacapitalgroup.uk DM Hub We always buy from here and the shipping is super fast. Great product! Mountain Rose Herbs www.mountainroseherbs.com lauren donahue Very quick response time and action taken to cancel my subscription Dressly dressly.world Rachael Firth My family members were delighted. Look very good quality plus case LumiLight getlumilight.com Masha Baranenko I am delighted with these guys. Handsome men, talented, stylish😍 Greetings From Africa -  Hakuna Papaya hakunapapaya.com jane mcglynn Was dealt with by AS5 great help, informative &friendly 👍 One Call Insurance www.onecallinsurance.co.uk Curt Cornman So far good bank allowing overdraft no high fees !! Navy Federal Credit Union www.navyfederal.org Elizabeth King Fast delivery, exactly what I ordered! Thank you! Pro:Direct Sport www.prodirectsport.com Kirill Kurygin A very fast delivery, very trustworthy seller. Eldorado.gg eldorado.gg Ahmad Nasir The best of the best app fore it pay me a lot Bigcashweb bigcashweb.com Zuzanna Mozejko Free stuff delivered to your house to try. Triyit UK triyit.co.uk Vrinda Holmes Quick turnaround and great work!!! Panda Patches pandapatches.com larry luchtel Great detail. Easy communication. Safeshipmovingservices www.safeshipmovingservices.com Michele Fast shipping, lots of products Petsi petsi.eu OliMills Good stuff good service EdJ VNTGE edjvntge.uk Shop smarter with the Trustpilot app Find companies, read reviews, or write them—all while on the go. are you human? Choose country United States Danmark Österreich Schweiz Deutschland Australia Canada United Kingdom Ireland New Zealand United States España Suomi Belgique België France Italia 日本 Norge Nederland Polska Brasil Portugal Sverige About About us Jobs Contact Blog How Trustpilot works Trust Report Press Investor Relations Community Trust in reviews Help Center Log in Sign up Businesses Trustpilot Business Products Plans & Pricing Business Login Blog for Business Data Solutions Follow us on Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Guidelines for Reviewers System status Modern Slavery Statement © 2025 Trustpilot, Inc. All rights reserved.