TrustedSite Certification | Build trust and boost sales. Halo Security Company Contact Sign In Overview Product Certifications Trustmarks Customer Results Plans & Pricing Resources Consumer Trust Free Ebook Blog Additional Resources More Halo Security Company Contact Sign In Get Certified Earn your visitors' trust. Address the security and trust concerns that cost you sales and convert more customers at every stage of the buyer’s journey with TrustedSite's earned certification program. Get Certified Watch the Video Trusted by over 100,000 businesses of all sizes Earn certifications. Display trustmarks. Sell more. Our process starts with certifying key issues like security, business integrity, and merchant reliability. As you earn our certifications, you can begin displaying them on your site with trustmarks. Sites that use our trustmarks see conversion increases as high as 30%. Explore our Certifications → Because visitor concerns lead to lost opportunities. You work hard to drive new traffic to your website, but nearly half of consumers have abandoned shopping carts because of concerns about business legitimacy. If you’re not addressing visitor concerns, your customer acquistion efforts may be futile. See the Consumer Trust Data → 97% of consumers are concerned about shopping on unfamiliar sites Discover the top visitor concerns at every stage of the buyer’s journey with our free ebook. Download Ebook 20 pages | Free Address concerns at every stage of the funnel. Our trustmarks and certifications are designed to alleviate the biggest concerns shoppers have on their path to purchase. Meet the trustmarks. TrustedSite trustmarks work together to build visitor trust throughout the customer journey. They’re quick to install and easy to customize. Add to my site Learn More Real Results Sites that have tested TrustedSite Certification have seen 2-30% higher conversion rates. See the results → +11.2% more sales “Working with TrustedSite has been an easy and informative process. The A/B test clearly showed that our conversion rates were improved with TrustedSite as a trust factor on our site.” - Collin Jarvis, Vice President of Stealth Belt. Easily integrate with your favorite platforms. Go beyond certification. Diagnostics Eliminate issues like missing images and broken links. Learn More Search Submission Automate sitemap generation & submission. Learn More Holabird Sports increased conversions by 16% Even well-known brands can benefit from third-party trust-building tools. See how TrustedSite helped Holabird Sports build trust and boost sales. Read the Case Study → Ready to get started? We’re here to help. Schedule a Demo Get Started Platform For Consumers Overview Certifications Trustmarks Consumer Trust Customer Stories Integrations Free Ebook Plans & Pricing Additional Products Diagnostics Search Submission Halo Security Partners Agency Partners Technology Partners Become a Partner Company About us Support Blog Resources Terms Privacy Report Site System Status Contact © 2025 TrustedSite