Truthout | Fearless Independent Journalism Skip to content Skip to footer Truthout Logo Truthout Latest About Donate ABOUT LATEST DONATE Trending : Trans Rights Immigration Zohran Mamdani Health Care Sudan Truthout Logo Truthout Latest About Donate Menu Latest About Us Subscribe Donate Search Search Filter Search Search All Content Articles Audio Posts Video Posts Authors Social Media Facebook Facebook Circle Icon Bluesky Bluesky Circle Icon Flipboard Flipboard Circle Icon Instagram Instagram Circle Icon Twitter Twitter Circle Icon RSS RSS Circle Icon Sections Culture & Media Economy & Labor Education & Youth Environment & Health Human Rights Immigration LGBTQ Rights Politics & Elections Prisons & Policing Racial Justice Reproductive Rights War & Peace Series & Podcasts Trending Trans Rights Immigration Zohran Mamdani Health Care Sudan Latest Donald Trump More Than 20 Million Americans Are Set to Lose Health Care Coverage on January 1 Immigration A New Tax Will Cut Into a Lifeline for Immigrant Families Immigration ICE Plans $100M “Wartime Recruitment” Aimed at Gun Enthusiasts, Military Fans Public Health Largely Unregulated Petrochemical Barge Industry Is Taking Over a Texas River More About Donate Manage Your Donation Support Our Work Subscribe Submission Guidelines Financial Information Privacy Policy Memorial Essay Prize Truthout Center for Grassroots Journalism Job Openings Contact Us © 2026 Truthout Op-Ed | LGBTQ Rights In the Face of Anti-Trans Escalation, We Need More Than Legal Strategies The swiftness with which Trump dismantled decades of meager, hard-fought protections exposed the limits of legal work. By Chase Strangio , T ruthout December 31, 2025 Truthout Read the Story Op-Ed | Politics & Elections Will Mamdani’s Inauguration Open a New Chapter for New York City’s Muslims? Muslim voters who backed Zohran Mamdani are now looking for him to follow through on his policy proposals. By Nour Saudi , T ruthout December 31, 2025 Truthout News | Economy & Labor As Towns and Cities Fight Off Data Centers, Calls Grow for a National Moratorium The battle to build new data centers has pitted communities across the country against Silicon Valley. By Mike Ludwig , T ruthout December 30, 2025 Truthout Op-Ed | Immigration Trump’s Attack on Birthright Citizenship Seeks to Further Codify White Supremacy A Supreme Court case that could potentially undo and restrict citizenship rights shows that the border is everywhere. By Camilo Pérez-Bustillo , T ruthout December 30, 2025 Truthout News | Politics & Elections Social Security Changes Under Trump Led to Backlogs, Wait Times, and More Issues The delays in service are largely the result of staff firings, coupled with little training for transferred staff. By Chris Walker , T ruthout December 30, 2025 Truthout News | Human Rights UN Warns of “Unprecedented” Hunger in Sudan as Half of Children Under 5 Starve The UN said that Sudan’s Umm Baru is experiencing one of the worst levels of hunger recorded by its assessments. By Sharon Zhang , T ruthout December 30, 2025 Truthout Latest Stories News | War & Peace Pentagon Announces $8.6B Contract for Boeing to Make F-15s for Israel The contract will provide Israel with 25 F-15 fighter jets, with the option for 25 more. By Sharon Zhang , T ruthout December 30, 2025 Truthout News | Environment & Health 2025 Ranked as One of World’s Hottest Years Due to Human-Made Climate Crisis Climate change made 2025 heat waves 10 times more likely, a new report finds. By Chris Walker , T ruthout December 30, 2025 Truthout News Analysis | War & Peace Scientists Say Public Engagement and Pressure Are Key to Reducing Nuclear Risks Nuclear experts are urging the public to demand concrete steps to reduce the risk of devastation due to nuclear weapons. By Jon Letman , T ruthout December 29, 2025 Truthout News Analysis | Immigration Anti-ICE Resistance Sprang Up Across Red States in 2025 In Texas, North Carolina, Alabama, Tennessee, Florida, and beyond, grassroots resistance to ICE is growing. By Sonali Kolhatkar , T ruthout December 29, 2025 Truthout Op-Ed | LGBTQ Rights Queer and Trans People Were Under Attack in 2025. Here’s How We Fought Back. From ICE jails to public libraries to Instagram, queer and trans people battled fascism on every front this year. By Toshio Meronek & Eric A. Stanley , T ruthout December 27, 2025 Truthout News Analysis | Economy & Labor Despite Trump’s War on Workers, Labor Movement Notched Crucial Wins in 2025 As Trump prepares to escalate attacks on unions and immigrant workers, the labor movement must build power to stop him. By Michael Arria , T ruthout December 27, 2025 Truthout News Analysis | Prisons & Policing Florida Sets the Record for Death Penalties This Year “We’re looking at execution roughly every 16 days,” said Grace Hanna of Floridians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty. By Nayanika Guha , T ruthout December 27, 2025 Truthout News Analysis | Reproductive Rights 2025 Was a Year of Chaos for Reproductive Rights Under the Trump Administration Project 2025 initiated a war on reproductive rights that could escalate into even higher gear in 2026. By Lauren Rankin , T ruthout December 27, 2025 Truthout Immigration A New Tax Will Cut Into a Lifeline for Immigrant Families ICE Plans $100M “Wartime Recruitment” Aimed at Gun Enthusiasts, Military Fans Federal Judge Temporarily Halts ICE Arrests at San Francisco Immigration Courts Calls Grow for Release of Palestinian Who Has Been Jailed by ICE Since March ICE Documents Expose Plan to Hold 80,000 People in Warehouses Amid Southern US Raids, Who’s Making Money Off Border Patrol and ICE Contracts? Police in Many “Sanctuary Cities” Have Repeatedly Collaborated With ICE “ The wealthiest people in the U.S. have all long understood that placing a hand on the media scale can yield big payoffs … and they’re regularly finding new ways to poison public discourse with their tech. ” – Maya Schenwar and Negin Owliaei ,
                        from Billionaires Are Encroaching on the Free Press. Let’s Act to Defend It in 2026. Read the Story Struggle and Solidarity: Writing Toward Palestinian Liberation Gaza Will Mark Christmas With Silent Bells, Frozen Nights, and Grief Children Are Dying of Cold Exposure as Winter Hits Gaza Israel Is Quietly Expanding Its Occupation of Gaza Under Cover of “Ceasefire” Here in Gaza, We See Our Horror and Grief Mirrored in Sudan Prosecutors at International Tribunal on Palestine Accuse Israel of Ecocide Thousands of Gazans Disabled by Genocide Still Can’t Access Treatment Amid Destroyed Health System, Gaza Sees Severe Outbreak of Autoimmune Disorder News Culture & Media Economy & Labor Education & Youth Environment & Health Human Rights Immigration LGBTQ Rights Politics & Elections Prisons & Policing Racial Justice Reproductive Rights War & Peace Series & Podcasts Series Struggle and Solidarity: Writing Toward Palestinian Liberation Despair and Disparity: The Uneven Burdens of COVID-19 Human Rights and Global Wrongs The Road to Abolition The Public Intellectual Movement Memos Voting Wrongs Challenging the Corporate University Covering Climate Now More About Donate Manage Your Donation Support Our Work Subscribe Submission Guidelines Financial Information Privacy Policy Memorial Essay Prize Truthout Center for Grassroots Journalism Job Openings Contact Us Facebook Facebook Circle Icon Bluesky Bluesky Circle Icon Flipboard Flipboard Circle Icon Instagram Instagram Circle Icon Twitter Twitter Circle Icon RSS RSS Circle Icon Never Miss Another Story Get the news you want, delivered to your inbox every day. Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * © 2026 Truthout Toggle Donation Bar Midnight Deadline: $11,000 Match! All donations to Truthout are currently matched dollar for dollar up to $11,000! Thanks to a generous supporter, your one-time gift today will be matched immediately and your monthly donation will be matched for the whole first year. Take advantage of this match — please give before midnight tonight!