Truyo | Homepage Home Platform AI Governance Track AI Usage & Identify Risks Data Privacy Compliance with Data Privacy Regulations Scramble Get De-identified Data Sets Consent Smart Consent & Preference Management Solutions By Use Case AI Governance Training AI Inventory Assessments Compliance Advisor Risk Management By Industries Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Public Sector Software Providers By Compliance CCPA Colorado Act EU AI Act NIST AI RMF +35 more By Role For Administrators For AI Governance Board Resources Blog Events Webinars Whitepapers Product Releases News & Press Releases Privacy Legislation Tracker FAQs Company About Careers Contact Trust Center Let's Connect Empowering Innovation Through Robust AI Governance and Privacy Compliance Identify and track AI usage and resolve AI risks with a dedicated system for governance. Achieve compliance with data privacy and AI regulations with an all-in-one solution. Request Demo Awards & Recognitions Recognized By Truyo’s AI Governance Platform is recognized by IAPP as a 2023 Innovation Award Finalist & Forrester for its capabilities to deliver a tailored solution to large enterprises. Facilitating Smart AI Governance & DSAR Management Worldwide Let Truyo be a partner in your compliance journey. PLATFORM A Comprehensive AI Governance Platform With untraceable AI footprints increasing across every department of your organization, learn how the Truyo AI governance platform can help you mitigate AI risks & work toward compliance with regulations worldwide. Request Demo AI Inventory Scan your website, source codes, and content for AI footprints. Get a comprehensive repository of identified AI risks and their respective use cases in a single place. Assessments Developed by industry experts, our risk and impact assessments provide data on risks associated with specific use cases. By categorizing high-risk use cases, you can create informed remediation plans. AI Governance Training Truyo will train all employees and AI Governance Board members through the Truyo learning management system or export the training to be conducted through your LMS. Model Validation AI laws call on organizations to avoid bias, discrimination, and hallucinations. The Truyo platform helps you test your AI models to verify those issues don't exist within the models used by your organization. AI Risk Management Get better risk visibility with comprehensive, interactive dashboards. Manage AI risks with customized and streamlined workflows. AI Consent Gain consumer trust with transparency about AI use in your organization with opt-in and consent. IMPACT 100% Increase of visibility into vendor AI usage in minutes 90% Reduction of AI risk by providing actionable insights and a comprehensive AI inventory 300% Increase in generative AI detection in real-time through scanning 50% Reduction in AI governance costs for enterprise companies with Truyo AI Governance Platform <30 Unleash your AI potential with a Truyo AI governance program in 30 days or less Request Demo PLATFORM End-to-End Data Privacy Management Streamline your end-to-end data privacy management with consent management, data subject request automation, configured access to consumer data, and automated workflows for DSAR management. Learn More Consent & Preference Management Manage cookie consent with integrated plugins, a dedicated privacy center, and more. Leverage data while ensuring compliance with worldwide privacy regulations. Design, maintain, and process cookie & preference policies efficiently. Consumer DSAR Portal Simplify consumer data subject access requests for consumers by facilitating white-labeled links on your website, with and without login. Provide progress tracking and email notifications for better communication. Automated DSAR Management Customize DSAR management as per your regulatory & organizational requirements. Verify accounts, requests, and documents. Review all data and approve or reject requests with a simple workflow and secure access. Assessments Truyo provides a full suite of assessments including privacy, framework, and organizational policy assessments. Enable your compliance departments to assess compliance with 30+ assessments. Review everything with simple and agile workflows. Data Mapping Truyo Data Mapping guides you through the process of building a comprehensive data map in line with regulatory requirements. Combining manual discovery in collaboration with automated scanning tools, get a view of the data your organization stores. IMPACT Within One Month We Saved $2.7m A large retail chain $2.7m in operating costs with CPRA automation $350k A mid-size restaurant chain $350k in operating costs with CPRA automation $1.1m A national home goods chain $1.1m in operating costs with CPRA automation $2.6m A national health and wellness chain $2.6m in staffing costs with CPRA automation $180k A salon chain $180k in operating costs with CPRA automation Request Demo DIFFERENTIATORS What Differentiates Truyo Our goal is to enhance client experiences with unique features essential to staying ahead in a competitive market while ensuring reliability and future readiness. Discover AI Usecase Scramble & De-identify Vendor Risk Management Robust Connector Library Discover AI Usecase Identify previously untraceable high-risk AI uses in your organization through content, code repository, and website scans. Categorize identified use cases to see where your organization has the highest risk levels in AI usage. Scramble & De-identify Leverage scrambled and de-identified datasets for pre-training and post-testing evaluations. Use these datasets for testing and training without compromising consumer PI. Vendor Risk Management Get accurate information about vendor and third-party AI usage and privacy compliance through vendor assessments. Gain precise data to guide you in choosing competent vendors. Robust Connector Library Utilize a range of pre-built connectors to streamline AI governance and privacy compliance. Truyo QuikLinks connectors enable you to integrate seamlessly and efficiently with your existing technology stack to enable data mapping and DSAR automation. CLIENTELE Trusted by world leaders RESOURCES Useful Resources Discover our expert resources and read the latest articles on AI governance and privacy compliance topics. Artificial Intelligence AI Governance 2026: The Struggle to Enable Scale Without Losing Control December 19, 2025 Privacy Enforcement Data Privacy Compliance 2026: The New Playbook for Privacy Enforcement December 19, 2025 Artificial Intelligence AI Governance Endures: Reading Between the Lines of Trump’s AI Executive Order December 12, 2025 Privacy Enforcement 2025 Data Privacy Review: The Year Regulators Stopped Being Polite About Data Privacy December 11, 2025 Artificial Intelligence 2025 AI Governance in Review: The Year AI Governance Transitioned From Principles to Practice December 11, 2025 Artificial Intelligence The EU AI Act Reset: What the Omnibus Revisions Signal for Global Businesses December 4, 2025 More Blogs Let the Truyo Platform Become Your Guide for AI Governance and Privacy Compliance Accelerate Your AI Journey Today Platform AI Governance Data Privacy Scramble Consent Company About Careers Contact Resources Blog Events Webinars Whitepapers Product Releases News & Press Releases Privacy Legislation Tracker FAQs Get in touch with us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2025, All Rights Reserved – Powered by Intel® Cookie Preferences Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Learn Pricing Press Request ×