Make Quizzes For Your Business | Interact Product Features Explore our powerful tools that boost conversions. Solutions Discover use cases for a variety of industries. AI Quiz Maker Create quizzes tailored to your business with AI. Integrations Connect quizzes to your favorite platforms. Industries Coaches Grow your coaching business with personalized quizzes. Service Providers Offer personalized solutions to your audience. Enterprise Engage users with quizzes that drive retention and referrals. Creators Move followers to subscribers with engaging quizzes. E-Commerce Drive sales with personalized product recommendations. Education Educate, engage, and convert your audience with quizzes. Pricing Resources Free AI Tools Try out our AI tools for quizzes, chatbots, and more. Quiz Gallery Explore diverse quizzes for various industries and use cases. Examples Browse curated collection of high-performing quizzes. About Us Learn about our mission, values, and team. Blog & Articles Expert insights on quiz marketing & lead gen strategies. Interact Plus Work with a quiz expert to create your quiz funnel. Support Request a demo Login Start for free Make quizzes that convert. Generate leads, recommend products, and increase engagement with high-converting quizzes. Start for free No credit card required Join thousands of brands using Interact to make quizzes 4.7 #1 rated quiz maker on Coaches Creators Service Providers E-Commerce Enterprise Education Jenna Kutcher Business Take Quiz What's your secret sauce? Take Quiz Amy Porterfield Digital Marketing Coach Take Quiz Your On-The-Run Personalized Business Building Playlist Take Quiz Toddlers Can Read Education Take Quiz How to Help Your Child Become a Better Reader Take Quiz Kaye Putnam Brand Strategist Take Quiz Brand Personality Quiz Take Quiz See more examples Empowering businesses since 2014 with proven results: 1.2B quiz impressions 400M quizzes completed 85M leads generated Take Quiz What quiz should you make for your business? Find your perfect lead generation quiz. Unlock the power of a 40% conversion rate that quizzes offer by finding the exact quiz type that will work for your business. Find out now What quizzes can do for your business Lead magnet Convert traffic into leads Engage your website visitors with a quiz that appeals to exactly what is on their minds when they come to your site. Then convert your visitors into leads through the quiz experience. E-Commerce Recommend products and services Personalize your product and service lineup for every potential customer and recommend exactly the right offer for them based on their wants and needs. Segmentation Assess your customers and recommend a starting point Identify the needs of your customers based on an assessment so they can see clearly how to begin working with your business. Customer support Answer customer questions Be there for every customer with a unique answer to their complex questions you would otherwise have to have a human answer in real time, 24/7. Integrate quizzes with your existing tools Interact integrates with your existing tools to send new leads your collect with your quizzes to your email list, CRM, or marketing platform. Browse integrations Our customers love Interact quizzes Well, since my own email list is growing by 5,000 subscribers each and every week, I can confidently say that having a fun quiz plays a big role in generating these kind of numbers. My quiz has also been one of the biggest contributors in increasing my unpaid email list growth, which I love! Jenna Kutcher NYT Best-Selling Author On the custom website design side of my business, I created an Interact quiz almost two years ago for one of my previous marketing clients. That quiz has generated over 10,000 new email subscribers in the past two years! Their quiz has a 58% percent completion rate. Plus, the subscribers who come from their quiz are always very engaged and tend to open emails at a higher rate than other subscribers. The same is true for my own business. Elizabeth McCravy ShowIt Website Designer Quizzes are an amazing way to convert people. You get to know so much about an individual person, or even about your people, and the trends that exist within your audience. Minessa Konecky CEO, Research Administration Expert Get started today Sign up free and explore the Interact quiz platform today. Start for free No credit card required Product Features Solutions Quiz Gallery Integrations Live Examples Case Studies Pricing Interact Plus Learn Blog Podcast Help Center Tutorials Youtube Videos Community About Us Facebook Twitter Customer Reviews Tutorials Make a Buzzfeed Quiz Make a Personality Quiz Make a Multiple Choice Quiz Dashboard Login System Status Featured Make A Quiz With AI Quickly build a unique, high quality quiz to promote your business and generate qualified leads. Copyright © 2025 The Quiz Collective, Inc. Terms of Use • Privacy Policy