Otter: A first of its kind multichannel POS system Products Ordering channels Accept orders from anywhere, in-store and online Point of Sale QR Ordering Kiosk Online Ordering Catering Order management Manage orders seamlessly from start to finish Order Manager Order Handoffs Kitchen Display Lockers Live operations Perform live operations across all channels Menus and 86ing Guest engagement & Growth Build brand loyalty and grow your business Loyalty Marketing Ratings and Reviews Virtual Brands Intelligence & Reporting Review performance and make real-time decisions Live Alerts Financials Disputes & Refunds Analytics Restaurant Types Fast casual Quick service Bakery Cafe Food truck Food court Pizzeria Enterprise restaurants Sign in Get a demo Products Ordering channels Accept orders from anywhere, in-store and online Point of Sale QR Ordering Kiosk Online Ordering Catering Order management Manage orders seamlessly from start to finish Order Manager Order Handoffs Kitchen Display Lockers Live operations Perform live operations across all channels Menus and 86ing Guest engagement & Growth Build brand loyalty and grow your business Loyalty Marketing Ratings and Reviews Virtual Brands Intelligence & Reporting Review performance and make real-time decisions Live Alerts Financials Disputes & Refunds Analytics Restaurant Types Fast casual Quick service Bakery Cafe Food truck Food court Pizzeria Enterprise restaurants Integrations Pricing Resources Blog Exclusive guides Help center Product demos Product feature updates Local food trends Become a partner Otter Pulse *NEW* Sign in Get a demo Sign in Otter Pulse Get a pulse on your restaurant's performance. Introducing Otter Pulse. A free report that takes the guesswork out of running your restaurant. Get my report All-in-one restaurant tech ecosystem Manage orders from everywhere, keep guests coming back, and boost your bottom line. Buy now Get a demo 100,000+ restaurants worldwide trust Otter to power their business Otter’s hardware and software powers every corner of your restaurant Buy now Get a demo Ordering channels Order management Live operations Guest engagement & Growth Intelligence & Reporting Ordering channels Order management Live operations Guest engagement & Growth Intelligence & Reporting Accept orders from anywhere , in-store and online Kiosk Reduce wait times and free up staff with self-ordering kiosks Point of Sale Accelerate service with fast, intuitive ordering with Point of Sale terminal and handheld Online Ordering Boost profits and avoid third-party fees with direct online ordering QR Ordering Let guests order, pay, and split the bill easily with QR ordering Catering Delivery App Integrations Accept orders from anywhere , in-store and online Kiosk Reduce wait times and free up staff with self-ordering kiosks Point of Sale Accelerate service with fast, intuitive ordering with Point of Sale terminal and handheld Online Ordering Boost profits and avoid third-party fees with direct online ordering QR Ordering Let guests order, pay, and split the bill easily with QR ordering Catering Delivery App Integrations Accept orders from anywhere , in-store and online Kiosk Reduce wait times and free up staff with self-ordering kiosks Point of Sale Accelerate service with fast, intuitive ordering with Point of Sale terminal and handheld Online Ordering Boost profits and avoid third-party fees with direct online ordering QR Ordering Let guests order, pay, and split the bill easily with QR ordering Catering Delivery App Integrations Designed for limited–service restaurants who accept online orders Buy now Get a demo Fast casual Bakery Cafe Food truck Food Court Pizzeria Enterprise Products ideal for fast food operations: Point of Sale Kiosk Online Ordering Kitchen Display System Loyalty Explore fast casual -> Keep your restaurant up-to-date without overcomplicating it Hardware and software built for speed and reliability 24/7 support team available whenever you need them Onboarding specialists get you set up in 7 days or less Multichannel makes managing orders and menus easy 100+ integrations to make your stack one cohesive system Wireless offline mode so you have uninterrupted service Constantly innovating to keep you ahead of industry shifts Get a demo Buy now Hardware and software built for speed and reliability 24/7 support team available whenever you need them Onboarding specialists get you set up in 7 days or less Multichannel makes managing orders and menus easy 100+ integrations to make your stack one cohesive system Wireless offline mode so you have uninterrupted service Constantly innovating to keep you ahead of industry shifts Over 100,000 restaurants trust Otter to maximize performance Buy now Get a demo “Times have changed. Customers want different things. Otter is integrating it all for us, so we can take our business to the next level. With their Point of Sale system, it’s such a seamless transition.” ↑23% Order volume ↑17% Gross sales ↓78% Cancelled Orders Gus Frousakis Owner, Jim’s Burgers "Otter has been the biggest game-changer for my business. It’s doubled my sales without me having to do anything extra. The ordering process with their Point of Sale and Kiosk is more efficient, more engaging, and more profitable.” ↑31% Order volume $4k Savings in payroll ↓19% Food costs Mureed Sultan Franchisee, Hummus Republic “Otter gives me the capacity to focus on myself and on solutions. It’s easy, it’s affordable, it’s convenient. They have the right team. They’re ready to help you grow.” ↑17% Order volume ↑19% Gross sales ↓45% Order issues Marlon Medina Owner, Jose Chiquito Simple and transparent pricing and packaging Only pay for products your restaurant needs with our a la carte pricing model Buy and lease hardware options suited to your budget and restaurant size No hidden fees or sudden rate hikes, so you can budget confidently Explore pricing and packages Only pay for products your restaurant needs with our a la carte pricing model Buy and lease hardware options suited to your budget and restaurant size No hidden fees or sudden rate hikes, so you can budget confidently Explore pricing and packages Only pay for products your restaurant needs with our a la carte pricing model Buy and lease hardware options suited to your budget and restaurant size No hidden fees or sudden rate hikes, so you can budget confidently Build a custom package to meet the needs of your restaurant Have questions? We’re here to help Buy now Get a demo Category Question Benefits What is your customer support like? Benefits Does Otter offer delivery services? Hardware What is the warranty? Hardware Can we receive the hardware before onboarding? Setup Do you offer in-person installation? Setup Who's your payment processor? Setup What will the transition be like from my current Point of Sale and how long will this take? Setup How long does it take to get set up in my restaurant? Setup Can you help me sign up for DoorDash, Uber Eats, GrubHub and other delivery apps? Setup Can you help me create my menu on the different channels? Features What is the difference between Point of Sale vs. Order Manager? Features Can I have different prices on different delivery channels? Pricing Do I need to pay an integration fee per delivery platform? Pricing Is there a cancellation fee? Success stories from inside and outside the kitchen View all stories -> Pokitomik Northridge, CA Di Prima Pizza Speciale Redondo Beach, CA Jose Chiquito Los Angeles, CA Pokitomik Northridge, CA Di Prima Pizza Speciale Redondo Beach, CA Jose Chiquito Los Angeles, CA Explore all Otter products Ordering channels Order management Live operations Guest engagement & growth Intelligence & reporting Ordering channels Order management Live operations Guest engagement & growth Intelligence & reporting Point of Sale Kiosk QR Ordering Online Ordering Catering