Texas History Lives Here | Texas State Historical Association Join Today Member Login Search Home Handbook of Texas Explore Shop Events Education Ways to Give About Us Your Texas. Your History. Become a Member Make a Donation Battle of San Jacinto , Henry Arthur McArdle , oil on canvas, 1895 Flag of Texas , Harco Schutter, 1918. Explore Texas Uncover Texas history and culture with TSHA's premier resources. The Handbook of Texas offers detailed insights into the state’s people and events, while the Texas Almanac is your guide to essential Texas facts and data. Dive into deeper stories with TSHA Press books—all crafted to bring Texas’s unique heritage to life. Handbook of Texas → Texas Almanac TSHA Press Shop Texas TSHA is your one stop shop for everything Texas history! Check out our TSHA press publications and general merchandise at Legacy of Texas. We also feature a wide selection of used books on eBay. Interested in adopting a part of Texas? Land Rush offers you the chance to claim ownership to your favorite places in Texas! Shop Books, Maps, Art, & more → eBay Auctions Land Rush Events At TSHA, we host a wide range of events. Our TSHA Annual Meeting is the most premiere Texas History event of the year! Learn about interesting niches of Texas at our monthly Texas Talks webinar. The Texas Revolution Symposium is our newest event but it’s sure to be enlightening and engaging. Annual Meeting → Texas Revolution Events & Calendar Education We are dedicated to fostering a deep appreciation and understanding of Texas history among learners of all ages. Our education initiatives provide engaging resources, interactive experiences, and scholarly content for students, educators, and lifelong learners. Texas History Day Webb Society Junior Historians Unlock Texas History, One Day at a Time! Dive into 500 years of Texas history with Gary Vliet’s engaging daily reader, Texas on this Day . An expanded second edition is now available! Get your copy today! Texas Day by Day Find out what happened today in Texas history. Armadillo World Headquarters closes its doors for good 45 years ago
                                    today Bluebonnet Bowl wilts as old year fades 38 years ago
                                    today Birder's paradise established 88 years ago
                                    today Official Spanish census records 448 Texas residents of African descent 233 years ago
                                    today Want to be a part of Texas History? Become a member today! Become a Member Press & TSHA in the News Join TSHA Ways to Give Texas State Historical Association is a proud affiliate of University of Texas at Austin EIN : 74-6025220 Learn more about Seals of Transparency (.pdf) Phone: (512) 471-2600 Mailing Address: Texas State Historical Association PO Box 5428 Austin, TX  78763 Physical Address: 3001 Lake Austin Blvd. Austin, TX  78703 Copyright © 2025 Texas State Historical Association (TSHA) Terms of Use Policy Agreement & Financials Enable Google Translate