Skip to main content
Sections
NHL
CFL
NFL
MLB
NBA
Soccer
Watch
Listen
Live
Sign In

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

Top Headlines
Nuggets’ Jokic set for MRI after injuring knee against Heat
Oilers F Mangiapane a healthy scratch vs. Jets
Hurricanes goaltender Kochetkov to have surgery for LBI; likely out for season
Raptors’ Poeltl will not play for next week as he manages back issue
Blue Jackets shipping Chinakhov to Penguins
Hurricanes claim F Philp off waivers from Oilers
Former Senator scores winner as Prague beats Canada in Spengler quarterfinals
Bills expected to rest Allen in season finale against Jets
Trending Video
Top 10: Bench moments
Must See: Czechia's Jiricek goes between the legs for overtime-winner
Must See: Hemming ties it up for Finland with 20 seconds left
Canada Ice Chips: Hunter reminds players the bank is open
Draft-eligible Verhoeff poised to make World Junior debut for Canada
Flames look to build on 10-2-1 record over last 13 games on home ice
Martone expecting Team Canada to take another step ahead of Denmark clash
Jets feel they deserve more but hope to continue building in the right direction
Roslovic finding his role among stars in Edmonton
Gavin McKenna interviews Brady Martin
Stafford talks family life, elite receivers, MVP candidacy
'It sucks to see one of your friends away from the game': Sens show support for Ullmark
Jets up for the challenge of trying to cool off red-hot McDavid
Blue Jackets having issues getting to Ottawa due to flight delays
Can Indiana's Cignetti complete the incredible turnaround?
Must See: Big-time plays and QB magic headline the top plays of Week 17
Naylor: Josh Allen's health will be the 'focus of attention this week' for the Bills
Steelers' loss to Browns sets up winner-take-all vs. Ravens for AFC North title
Must See: LeBron throws down awesome reverse dunk for the Lakers
Must See: Scottie Barnes tips it in to send Raptors-Warriors to OT
Twins great Morneau provides ‘good advice’ and fires up Team Canada

Former Minnesota Twins great Justin Morneau attended Team Canada’s morning skate and gave the players a pep talk afterwards. 

'I have another gear': Canadian captain Martone ready to move past rocky start

Porter Martone has had a rough start to this year's World Juniors but everything is in the past now for Team Canada's captain as he wants to help his squad reach another level, starting tonight against Denmark.

Boudreau sets stage for Oilers vs. Jets showdown
Do Maple Leafs fans have reason to be excited entering 2026?
Yost: Oilers surging on back of lethal power-play
Senators throw support behind Ullmark as starting goaltender takes leave of absence
Allen on navigating condensed NHL schedule: ‘Toughest season I’ve experienced’
One stat to make or break every AL team this season
Morneau on his short-lived career as a goalie, seeing Jays World Series run
Kucherov, Tolvanen, Slafkovsky named NHL’s three stars of the week
Flames look to build on 10-2-1 record over last 13 games on home ice
Jets up for the challenge of trying to cool off red-hot McDavid
Jets feel they deserve more but hope to continue building in the right direction
'Help a good team get a couple of inches better': Roslovic happy with opportunity in Edmonton
Pick 6: Who will claim NFC's top seed - Seahawks or 49ers?
Georgia Southern beats Appalachian State to win Birmingham Bowl
Tiger Woods turns 50 and it’s the one time golf’s greats can relate to him
What does present, future hold for Bucks as Antetokounmpo returns?
Stefanski mum on future, ‘privileged’ to be Browns coach
Can Indiana's Cignetti complete the incredible turnaround?
F1’s calendar of the future: Which countries could host races from 2026 onwards?

As Formula 1 enters a new period of regulations in 2026 with ever-growing popularity and new race locations floated, this is how the calendar stacks up over the next few years.

Rams-Falcons draft trade could secure future for L.A.

Thanks to a trade with Atlanta in the last draft, Los Angeles has options when it comes to its future.

NFL Highlights & Analysis
Naylor: Josh Allen's health will be the 'focus of attention this week' for the Bills
Willson: 'When it came to throwing the ball, you felt the loss of Metcalf'
Must See: Edwards picks off Purdy for the pick-six on the first play of the game
Did the Bills make the right call to attempt the two-point conversion vs. the Eagles?
Must See: Allen TD brings game within one, Eagles shut down two-point convert for win
Must See: Banks goes untouched for a 95-yard kick return TD
Must See: Aaron Rodgers is all smiles after avoiding Myles Garrett's record-breaking sack
Must See: Eagles defence erases Shavers ridiculous grab
Steelers' loss to Browns sets up winner-take-all vs. Ravens for AFC North title
Must See: Ward looks like 2018 Mahomes on scrambling dime to Ayomanor
Must See: Rivers' sideline dime results in 18-yard toe-tap catch by Downs
Must See: 345-pound OT Ford lines up at WR on 21-yard catch and run
Must See: Young steals football from Ward for epic defensive score
Adam Schefter explains Raiders' decision to place Maxx Crosby on IR
Must See: Okonkwo corkscrews his way to six vs. Saints
Must See: Mallory's double-clutch concentration catch yields 16 yards for Colts
Must See: Diggs makes unreal sideline catch over top Jets defender
Is Herbert capable of leading the Chargers after another big game defeat?
Must See: 'King Henry rules all in Green Bay!' - Henry ties career-high with 4 TDs
Must See: 'Malik gets shifty!' - Willis fools Ravens' defence for sneaky TD run
Jets’ Glenn feels ownership support, questions players’ effort

Despite a historically poor December punctuated by a 42-10 loss to the Patriots on Sunday, Jets coach Aaron Glenn still feels the support from owner Woody Johnson.

Panthers likely facing winner-take-all matchup against Buccaneers for NFC South title

Carolina (8-8) will head to Tampa Bay in Week 18 likely needing a victory to capture its first NFC South title since 2015. Carolina could also get in with a loss if Atlanta were to win its final two games, against the Los Angeles Rams and New Orleans Saints.

Browns relish spoiler role as NFL draft positioning slides
‘I start laughing’: Sweden’s Stenberg not focused on going No. 1 at NHL draft
Judging biggest overreactions for NFL Week 17 games
World Juniors off to frenetic pace as round robin play rolls on
Rivers has no regrets, even with Colts 0-3 in his return
Out of AFC West race, playoff-bound Chargers to decide how much to play Herbert against Broncos
Bears’ heartbreaking loss costs them chance at top seed in NFC playoffs
Patriots win AFC East, Ravens stay alive and 49ers will battle Seahawks for No. 1 seed in NFC

The Patriots became the fourth team to clinch a division title, the Browns kept the Ravens alive and the 49ers moved closer toward a No. 1 seed. There’s plenty left to be settled before the NFL’s playoff schedule is set.

Giants’ No. 1 draft pick odds plunge but win pleases players

A loss Sunday would have all but clinched the No. 1 pick in the 2026 NFL draft. Instead, the New York Giants snapped a nine-game skid by beating the Las Vegas Raiders 34-10 at Allegiant Stadium.

Packers won’t have a long playoff run if teams keep running all over them

For the second straight year, the Green Bay Packers are heading in the wrong direction as the playoffs approach. They’ll be staring at the likelihood of a second straight one-and-done postseason unless they shore up their run defense.

Chase finally gets back into end zone after frustrating stretch for Bengals receiver

Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Ja’Marr Chase broke out of a touchdown drought that lasted over two months by scoring twice on Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals.

Habs salvage one point after four goal third period forces overtime
Senators’ Ullmark to take leave of absence from team
Back from brink, Ravens get another chance to make playoffs next weekend
Eagles lean on defence in ‘great battle test’ against Bills
Talent
Careers
Opens in new window
Advertise with Bell Media
Opens in new window
Facebook
Opens in new window
Instagram
Opens in new window
Youtube
Opens in new window
Snapchat
Opens in new window
Twitter feed

©2025 BellMedia All Rights Reserved

Accessibility & Help
BCE Accessibility
Opens in new window
Contact Us
Opens in new window
Help
Opens in new window
About Bell Media
Privacy Policy
Opens in new window
Bell Media Terms and Conditions
Opens in new window
TSN Terms and Conditions
Opens in new window
Political Ad Registry
Opens in new window
Other Brands
CTV News
Opens in new window
CP24
Opens in new window
BNN Bloomberg
Opens in new window
Autres Marques
RDS
Opens in new window
Noovo Info
Opens in new window
Noovo Moi
Opens in new window