Home | The Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Menu Log In Manage your plan TSP basics Making contributions Access your account Protect your account Online learning The TSP Mobile App Calculators Forms and resources Fund options Investing strategies Investment options Lifecycle funds Individual funds Mutual fund window Fund performance Rates of return Share price history Share price calculation Use your savings TSP loans Taking money from your account In-service withdrawal basics Withdrawals in retirement Life changes Planning for life events Changes in your career For beneficiary participants Stay with the TSP Search Search Search Log in Toggle contrast Toggle font size Plan for a lifetime with the TSP Featured topics Information for TSP participants leaving federal employment If you’re leaving federal employment and have questions about your TSP account, this fact sheet will point you to the right information. You can stay with the TSP even if you leave your federal job. Download the fact sheet New to the TSP? Turn your $1 into $10 Did you know that every $1 you invest in the TSP can grow to $10 in 35 years—without you needing to do anything else? And yes, every $1 your agency or service contributes to your account can grow to $10 in 35 years too. Grow with us. Turn your $1 into $10 New option coming soon: Roth in-plan conversions Starting January 28, 2026, you’ll have the option to convert part of your traditional (pre-tax) TSP balance to a Roth (after-tax) TSP balance by doing a Roth in-plan conversion in My Account. Visit the Roth in-plan conversion webpage to learn more. Read about eligibility and rules Get started Fund performance Forms and resources Access your account Protect your account Plan details at a glance 5 Individual TSP funds Compare individual funds 11 Lifecycle Funds (L Funds) Compare L Fund options 0.039% L 2070 Fund expense ratio All TSP fund expenses --% --% elective deferral limit All Contribution limits --% --% catch-up limit $11,250 Higher catch-up limit for ages 60–63 How catch-up works --% --% annual additions limit All Contribution limits Latest news DEC 01 Year-end transaction processing schedule NOV 13 2026 Contribution Limits OCT 03 Third quarter participant statements available … OCT 01 TSP operations during a lapse in appropriations… SEP 05 Roth in-plan conversions coming to the TSP in J… View all news Stay connected with us Online learning Transfer money to TSP Change in family status Update your information Manage your plan TSP basics Making contributions Access your account Online learning The TSP Mobile App Calculators Forms and resources Fund options Investing strategies Investment options Lifecycle funds Individual funds Mutual fund window Fund performance Rates of return Share price history Share price calculation Use your savings TSP loans Taking money from your account In-service withdrawal basics Withdrawals in retirement Life changes Planning for life events Changes in your career For beneficiary participants Stay with the TSP TSP News and resources Agency and service rep resources About us Accessibility Privacy FOIA Vulnerability disclosure TSP Mobile App Questions? 1-877-968-3778 Find other ways to contact us . X YouTube RSS Last updated: December 13, 2025 at 02:00 PM Site map | Events and scheduled maintenance Return to Top Chat with AVA How can I help you?