Tsum TSUM - Luxury department store TSUM Luxury department store English English Story TSUM - the signature fashion department store of Russia- has been a historic sight and the symbol of fashion in Moscow for more than 110 years. The best selection of goods and individual approach to every customer TSUM features collections of more than 700 leading global brands of clothing, shoes, bags and accessories, fine jewellery and timepieces, as well as perfumes and cosmetics. The five floors of the department store feature the trendiest items of the current season from the collections of Dolce & Gabbana, Valentino, Cеline, Ralph Lauren, Kiton, Brioni, Ermenegildo Zegna, TomFord, Prada, Chanel, Bottega Veneta, Alexander McQueen, Louis Vuitton, Givenchy, Saint Laurent, Fendi, Emilio Pucci, Dries Van Noten etc.; jewellery and watches by Rolex, Patek Philippe, Hublot, Chopard, Garrard, Graff, Mikimoto etc.; porcelain and homeware by Baccarat, Christofle, Lalique, Daum, as well as perfumery and cosmetics of the
      leading brands. Modern TSUM stays true to its innovative spirit and offers customers the most advanced services: — AliPay, WeChat Pay and Apple Pay payment systems, online shopping and fashion forward retail concepts for women and men. Read article Explore TSUM Tax free Shopping opportunity for international travelers Departments Biggest selection of fashionable goods Services Personal shopping and Made to Measure Location & open hours Know more about working hours & TSUM location Tax free International customers can reclaim the VAT on purchases made in TSUM as well as other premium locations selected to join the program — e.g.fashion boutiques of Tretyakovsky proezd in Moscow or fashion department store DLT in Saint Petersburg. The visitors from outside the Eurasian Economic Union can shop TAX FREE when spending a minimum of RUB 10,000 on a wide variety of goods available at TSUM — including ready-to-wear, accessories, watches and jewelry, by reclaiming the VAT on their purchases when they leave the country. Tourist friendly TSUM is shopping destination of choice in Moscow for global travelers. TSUM has been the first store in Russia to actively make itself appeal to foreign tourists via in-store navigation in Chinese and English, English and Chinese speaking personnel and special offers for international shoppers. With its transparent price policy, biggest selection of most fashionable goods, tourist friendly environment and now TAX FREE shopping opportunity, modern day TSUM is the destination of choice for international shoppers and travelers. The women’s bags & accessories The Women's Bags & Accessories section on the first floor of TSUM presents the widest range of models from the major fashion brands: Bottega Veneta, Gucci, Prada, Celine, Valentino, Saint Laurent, and others. Here you can find the ultra-fashionable it bags, as well as the timeless classics. The women’s shoes The Women's shoes section is one of the largest in&nbsp;the world presenting the widest range of brands such as Chanel, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Dior, Saint Laurent, Valentino. The women’s clothing The Women's clothing section of TSUM is located on three floors. It presents both classic fashion brands &mdash; Valentino, Ralph Lauren, Alexander McQueen, Saint Laurent, Prada and the hottest and latest CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, Balenciaga, Vetements, Balmain, Versace. The men’s shoes The Men's shoes section presents our collection of all the most fashionable brand - Prada, Gucci, Givenchy, Valentino, and hype sneakers - Nike x Off-White, Yeezy by Kanye West, Balenciaga, Louis Vuitton, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, Buscemi. The men’s clothing The second floor of TSUM hosts both the classic brands - Brioni, Ermenegildo Zegna, Ralph Lauren and the ultra-fashionable Saint Laurent, Givenchy, Gucci and Valentino, as well as the hottest new Balenciaga, Vetements, J.W.Anderson, and Off-White. Jewellery & watches The Jewellery & Watches section on the first floor of TSUM presents the collection of the most influential brands of these categories: Rolex, Breguet, Patek Philippe, Chopard, BVLGARI, Graff, Hublot, Zenith, Bell &amp; Ross, Pasquale Bruni, Garrard, de Grisogono, Mikimoto, Mercury Jewellery and others. Optics The Optics section is located on the first floor of TSUM. It presents rims and sunglasses of more than 120 popular brands and fashion houses that have individual product lines of accessories: Gucci and of the brands specializing in optics only - Chanel, Gucci, Dior, Gentle Monster, Ray-Ban, Frency & Mercury, Philippe V, Courrèges, Veronika Wildgruber, Mykita Studio 6, Roberi &amp; Fraud. The assistants will always be glad to help you choose a rim. Kids All the goods for children aged between a few days and even hours from birth till 16 years are collected on the fourth floor of TSUM. The most of the space is naturally occupied by clothes from the main children's brands. Young customers of the department store and their parents will find toys and bedding on the fourth floor. Beauty A wide beauty section presenting the best cosmetic brands with excellent reputation is located on the first floor. Selective perfumes - Jo Malone, Killian, Amouage, cult make-up and care cosmetics for women and men &mdash; Tom Ford, La Mer, La Prairie - even the most choosy customers will find something for themselves here. Apple shop The Apple Shop is located on the first floor of TSUM presenting all the product lines of the global brand. Here, customers can not only choose Apple products and accessories, but also get all the necessary information from professional assistants. The Apple Shop in TSUM is one of the four unique Apple stores in the world. Interior You can find everything you need to create the perfect Interior on the first and fifth floors of the TSUM. Unique products of the world’s leading brands will help you to do it: Baccarat, Daum, Lalique, Christofle, Bernardaud and others. Household product lines are presented on the fifth floor: bedding, bathrobes, towels, and luggage for traveling. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Services Personal shopping lounge VIP Shopping is a service for those who value an individual approach to creating their own personal image. At the elegant VIP lounges professional stylists will present you the vast variety of collections available at TSUM, help to shape a complete wardrobe according to relevant fashion trends and your personal style vision, advise on shoes and accessories. We offer you to come up with a business, everyday or evening look as well as to make any necessary alterations in our atelier. VIP lounge on the 2nd floor presents a unique service of male bespoke tailoring. Highly skilled sewers will take measurements and clarify the client’s wishes regarding color, cut and trimming, as well as offer a selection of top-quality fabrics. Made to Measure Order the perfect suit, shirt or coat made exactly to your measurements. Tailors will take all the measurements and help you choose the fabrics out of a wide range of exclusive materials in the TSUM VIP rooms. While your initials and a monogram will make the product really unique. Related services VIP Shopping with a personal stylist at TSUM; Bespoke tailoring; VIP shopping at your hotel (items delivery and fittings directly at your hotel room); Оff-site online shopping service with VIP stylist; Monogram and initials embroidery; Free transfer service; Storage of purchased goods; Free delivery of the purchases to the hotel room; Personnel fluent in English, Chinese. TSUM location & working hours TSUM Moscow, 2 Petrovka street Moscow, Russia Monday to Saturday: 10.00 am – 10.00 pm Sunday: 10.00 am – 10.00 pm Location TSUM Moscow, 2 Petrovka street Moscow, Russia Opening Monday to Saturday: 10.00 am – 10.00 pm Sunday: 10.00 am – 10.00 pm Follow us +7 800 500 80 00 +7 495 933 73 00 hotline@tsum.ru www.tsum.ru © ООО «Меркури Мода» , 2025