The Leader in Trucking & Freight News | Transport Topics Skip to main content Top Menu Advertising Subscribe Classifieds Log In Log Out Sort: Publish Date: Most Recent to Oldest Publish Date: Oldest to Most Recent Relevance (Asc) Relevance (Desc) Apply Transport Topics Advertising Subscribe Classifieds Log In Log Out Home Government Business Technology Equipment Safety Fuel Logistics Autonomous Top 100/Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 100 Logistics More Media Videos Podcasts Photo Galleries TT Newsmakers TT Magazine Event Series Smart Speaker Briefings Commentary Perspective Fun & Games Cartoons Crossword Puzzle Special Coverage Trucking's Frontline Heroes Special Reports Event Coverage Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Data Stocks Resource Center Webinars Whitepapers Reference Government & Industry Resources U.S. Government Sites State Government Sites Advertising Subscribe Classifieds Log In Log Out Home Government Business Technology Equipment Safety Fuel Logistics Autonomous Top 100/Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 100 Logistics More Media Videos Podcasts Photo Galleries TT Newsmakers TT Magazine Event Series Smart Speaker Briefings Commentary Perspective Fun & Games Cartoons Crossword Puzzle Special Coverage Trucking's Frontline Heroes Special Reports Event Coverage Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Data Stocks Resource Center Webinars Whitepapers Reference Government & Industry Resources U.S. Government Sites State Government Sites Top Story Year Ahead Will Test DOT Power to Withhold State Funds An audit of states’ processes and procedures for granting non-domiciled commercial driver licenses and commercial learner’s permits was launched by DOT Secretary Sean Duffy in June. A Look at the Experts Who Race to Decode Trump’s Tariffs Customs broker Amy Magnus thought she’d seen it all, navigating regulations to import everything from lumber and bananas to circus animals and Egyptian mummies. Then 2025 hit. LTL Rebound to Kick Off in 2026, but Uncertainty Remains The less-than-truckload market segment of the North American freight market is set to rebound in 2026, although when the up cycle will kick off remains a vexing question. Trump Muses About Ousting Powell as Fed Pick Nears President Donald Trump has made numerous cryptic — and sometimes contradictory — remarks about his decision-making process regarding the new central bank chief. CBP Agents Enter Nation's CDL Enforcement Efforts U.S. Border Patrol agents have joined efforts to remove truck drivers lacking legal U.S. residency from the road, apprehending more than 170 individuals near the borders of Canada and Mexico. Ocado Ends Exclusivity Terms After Setbacks to Kroger Deal The move means Ocado can sell more of its technology to other retailers around the world, according to a statement Dec. 30. Winter Storm to Descend on Great Lakes and Northeast The storm that hit parts of the Plains and Great Lakes on Dec. 29 brought sharply colder air, strong winds and a mix of snow, ice and rain, leading to treacherous travel. Chevron Tankers Deliver Venezuelan Crude to Gulf Coast Chevron has finished discharging a cargo from the vessel Searuby and is in the process of unloading ship Canopus Voyager, according to Bloomberg tanker tracking. Kargo Raises $42 Million to Scale AI Warehouse Tech Kargo has secured $42 million in new funding as the warehouse automation company scales its loading dock technology with enterprise customers across multiple industries. Gas Prices Are Lower This Holiday Season According to data from motor club AAA, the national average for unleaded gasoline has stayed below the $3 mark since Dec. 2, falling to its lowest level of about $2.85 a gallon on Dec. 22. US Halts Offshore Wind Leases in New Setback for Industry The U.S. is suspending leases for all five wind farms under construction off the East Coast in the latest blow to a sector that’s been targeted repeatedly by the Trump administration. Global 2025 LNG Exports Had Biggest Jump in Three Years Exports are estimated to have risen 4% from last year to 429 million tons, according to Kpler. The rise was largely driven by projects like LNG Canada and Plaquemines in the U.S. ramping up output. New Jersey Grants $13M to Hydrogen Drayage Truck Port Pilot New Jersey is paying $13 million to fund a near-term experiment testing the ability of hydrogen-powered drayage trucks to move cargo at the Port Newark Container Terminal. Tesla Gives Pessimistic Car Sales Estimates in Unusual Move By Tesla’s count, analysts on average expect the company to deliver 422,850 cars in the fourth quarter, down 15% from a year earlier. OPEC+ Likely to Confirm Oil Production Pause, Delegates Say Key members led by Saudi Arabia and Russia will hold a monthly video conference Jan. 4, and review a decision to halt further supply hikes in Q1 after rapidly reviving production earlier this year. Laredo Trucking Company Files for Chapter 11 Texas International Enterprises, a cross-border trucking and logistics company, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection amid mounting debts and a challenging freight market. Trending 1 LTL Rebound to Kick Off in 2026, but Uncertainty Remains 2 CBP Agents Enter Nation's CDL Enforcement Efforts 3 Love’s Travel Stops Acquires 3 Factoring Companies 4 DHL Supply Chain Eyes Fleet of Tesla Semis 5 Year Ahead Will Test DOT Power to Withhold State Funds Newsletter Signup Email Submit Leave this field blank Subscribe to Transport Topics Subscribe Gift a Subscription Editor's Picks A New Era For Global Freight Global freight flows have entered a period of transformation as the U.S.-led trade war and other policy changes have upended the business landscape for international shipping. Top 100 Private Carriers Tap Brakes on Growth The largest private carriers in North America have navigated volatile markets and shifting freight patterns this year as tariffs and trade deals shake up international supply chains. Fuel Prices Week of Dec 29 Down diesel $ 3.500 Down 4.4¢ Down gas $ 2.811 Down 3¢ See All Fuel Price Data Top 100/ Top 50 2025 Top 50 Global Freight Companies Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight companies. 2025 Top 100 Private Carriers Retail giant Walmart retains the top position on this 2025 list of the largest private carriers in North America, ranked by number of tractors in operation. 2025 Top 100 For-Hire Carriers Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in North America, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. 2025 Top 100 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. More News 'Theft Ring' Nets $400,000 Worth of Live Lobsters The federal Homeland Security Investigations launched an initiative dubbed “Operation Boiling Point” that looks to take down organized theft groups targeting cargo and retail supply chains. How Trump Overturned Decades of US Trade Policy in 2025 President Trump's double-digit taxes on imports from almost every country have disrupted global commerce and strained the budgets of consumers and businesses worldwide. Hyundai Recalls 50,000 Vehicles Over Fire Risk Vehicles equipped with a Mobis tow hitch wiring harness are at risk because the wiring harness may have been installed incorrectly. This recall affects 2022, 2023 and 2024 model years of the Tucson SUV. Hot Topics LTL 2026 Year in Preview Estes Averitt Tariffs freight Media Hub TT Podcasts: RoadSigns See More RoadSigns Episodes 2025 MCE Photo Gallery See More Photo Galleries Daily Briefings from Transport Topics Listen to Today's Top Stories Cartoons This Week Last Week Top Categories Government expand Year Ahead Will Test DOT Power to Withhold State Funds Trump Muses About Ousting Powell as Fed Pick Nears A Look at the Experts Who Race to Decode Trump’s Tariffs Business expand Love’s Travel Stops Acquires 3 Factoring Companies Winter Storm to Descend on Great Lakes and Northeast Laredo Trucking Company Files for Chapter 11 Technology expand Walmart’s E-Commerce Platform Sees Temporary Outage Tesla Gives Pessimistic Car Sales Estimates in Unusual Move Kargo Raises $42 Million to Scale AI Warehouse Tech Equipment expand DHL Supply Chain Eyes Fleet of Tesla Semis US Trailer Market Nears End of Subdued Year Class 8 Sales Fall Below Prior Year for Fifth Straight Month Safety expand Hyundai Recalls 50,000 Vehicles Over Fire Risk 'Theft Ring' Nets $400,000 Worth of Live Lobsters Tesla Promotes Post-Crash Door Safety Feature for Some Cars Fuel expand Global 2025 LNG Exports Had Biggest Jump in Three Years OPEC+ Likely to Confirm Oil Production Pause, Delegates Say New Jersey Grants $13M to Hydrogen Drayage Truck Port Pilot Logistics expand LTL Rebound to Kick Off in 2026, but Uncertainty Remains Ports on Track for Record Year Despite Back-End Slowdown Volvo to Open Tacoma Parts Distribution Center in 2027 Autonomous expand Samsung Unit to Buy ZF’s Driver Assistance Arm for $1.8B Waymos Blocked Traffic During San Francisco Power Outage Waymo Seeks More Than $15 Billion in Funding Round Latest Jobs 80 M Street SE, Suite 800, Washington, D.C., 20003 703-838-1770 Footer menu About Contact Us Contact Transport Topics Submit Letter to the Editor Tell Us How We're Doing Staff Advertising Classifieds Jobs Browse Ads Place an Ad Resources ATA Business Solutions ATA Home Customer Service Subscribe Manage Account FAQ Permissions Follow Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn This site (RSS) ©2025 Transport Topics | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy