TeX Users Group (TUG) (via DuckDuckGo ) TeX Users Group The TeX Users Group (TUG) is a membership-based not-for-profit
organization, founded in 1980, for anyone who uses the TeX typesetting
system created by Donald Knuth and/or is interested in typography and font design. Join or
renew with TUG ( trial
memberships available for new members)
to support use and development of TeX and friends.  All TUG memberships
are for the calendar year, and include all benefits for the year no
matter when you join. If you're new to TeX , we
recommend installing TeX Live ( Windows , macOS , GNU/Linux/Unix ). The Learn LaTeX site provides an
interactive online tutorial for creating documents with LaTeX. Our getting started page contains additional
resources for beginners. If you're looking for help , you can get community
support via: q&a site (tex.stackexchange.com), forum (latex.org), public mailing list (texhax), reddit ,
and in other ways . Subscribe to our
monthly newsletter if you like (open to all,
automatically sent to members). News ( blogs ) The Great Tikzlings
    Christmas Extravaganza 2025 has just been released. Guided
    by William Shakespeare and Dante Alighieri you are going to meet a
    hallucinating meerkat and Wagnerian bats. You will learn things
    about Canada and find out where all the flowers have gone. You will
    listen to “Silent Night” on steel drums and see your
    favourite Tikzlings on holiday in France. There are ducks on ice,
    termite soup and reminiscences of Alfred Hitchcock, and some of the
    participants are hopping mad and, and, and … Have a look! TUGboat 46:3 has been mailed to current TUG members; it is also available
      online and from the TUG store . In addition, prior TUGboat issue 46:2 is now publicly available. Submissions for the next
      issue are welcome and encouraged; the deadline
      is March 20, 2026. TeX Live 2025 and MacTeX 2025 have been released.
    They are primarily distributed online through CTAN ( TL , MacTeX ). Upcoming events ( meeting list ) The Shape of Letters: From Leonardo da Vinci to Donald
  Knuth , an invited talk (Jan. 4) by Étienne Ghys at
  the Joint Mathematics Meetings, January 4-7, 2026, Washington DC. GUTenberg
  Exposés mensuels , online video presentations, in French: January 8, 2026, Jean Abou Samra will give a presentation on Lilypond . DANTE spring meeting , March 12-14, 2026, at WiWa GmbH,
  Lahnau, Germany (pre-meeting get-together on March 11). EuroBachoTeX
2026 , in Bachotek, Poland, April 29-May 3, 2026. OSSConf 2026 , July 1-3, 2026, at the University of
  Žilina, Slovakia, will have a dedicated TeX+R session.  The
  conference will be multilingual. TUG 2026 , Alt Hotel Calgary East Village, Calgary, Canada, July 17-19 (Friday-Sunday), with a LaTeX developers' workshop
  on Thursday, July 16.
  The registration form and more information will be posted when
      available. ConTeXt
  Meeting 2026 : Maibach, Germany, August 24-29, 2026,
  Theme: “Focussing”. (Other topics also welcome!) Recent events GUTenberg general assembly , online,
  November 16, 2025 at 3 p.m. December 4, 2025, Valentin Dao
  will give a presentation on his intexgral package and expl3
  syntax. GuIT
  2025 , Pisa, Italy, November 5, 2025. Journeé GUTenberg 2025 annual meeting,
  École normale supérieure, Paris,
  November 8, 2025. GUTenberg:
  Exposés mensuels , online, September 10, 2025.
  Videoconference, in French, by Didier Verna on “Traitement des
  problèmes de similarité dans la justification de
  paragraphe : une extension du Knuth-Plass”. TUG is a not-for-profit organization by, for, and of its
members , also representing the interests of TeX users worldwide.
If you use any TeX-related programs (TeX, LaTeX , ConTeXt , Metafont , MetaPost , Texinfo , et al. ), please consider joining TUG (or another
TeX user group ). Memberships and donations are tax-deductible in the US. TUG membership benefits include
our journal TUGboat (available both in
print and online). TUG also runs an annual TeX
conference , and supports updates to the TeX Collection software: TeX Live , MacTeX , snapshot of CTAN , among other activities. The Comprehensive TeX Archive Network (CTAN) is the primary repository for TeX-related software on the
Internet. CTAN has many thousands of items; its package list , topic cloud , and CTAN search page can help you
find what you need. Latest CTAN updates - l3kernel-dev - lua-visual-debug - maine-thesis - beamertheme-gotham - reledmac - gckanbun - ProfLycee - rwth-ci - CreationBoites - biblatex-software - codedescribe - tzplot - luamplib - authorarchive - drawmgr - l3kernel - pst-sphericaltrochoid - KKran - l3build - intexgral - KKsymbols - LinguisTiX - glossaries-ukrainian - pst-nutation - systeme - pst-fourbarlinkage - luatexko TUG membership Join/renew with TUG TUG member area Institutional members About TUG Contact us Make a donation Tax exempt Aims & benefits Board , Committees Elections New to TeX? Getting started FAQ History of TeX Software Downloads/CTAN TeX Live - MacTeX MiKTeX TeX around the web TUG activities TUGboat Project funding Bookstore/reviews TUG store Lucida fonts Interviews TeX worldwide User groups Conferences Journals/Publications Mailing lists Working groups Stickers & publicity Typography Font Catalogue TeX showcase Fonts for TeX Videos Typography museums Jobs Consultants for hire Job openings Contact Us TeX Users Group PO Box 2311 Portland, OR 97208-2311 USA Sophia Laakso, office manager voice: +1 503-223-9994 fax: +1 815-301-3568 administrative email: office@tug.org web site email: webmaster@tug.org TeXnical support links above facebook - mastodon - twitter Many thanks to all the individual and institutional members, as well as our donors , who keep TUG going.  If you're not already a
member, please consider joining TUG or making a donation , and
thanks. Updated: $Date: 2025/12/26 20:41:03 $