Tulsa World | Breaking News | Read Tulsa News, news for Tulsa County, and the metropolitan area of Oklahoma. The latest weather, crime, politics, and more. Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one: 2 subscriptions for only $20! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 39° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local News Business Crime & Courts Government & Politics Indigenous Issues Special Reports & Databases Nation & World Markets & Stocks State & Regional Education Obituaries Share a story Sports College OK Preps Extra TU Sports Extra OU Sports Extra OSU Sports Extra ORU Sports Extra Drillers Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Submit an Op-ed Column Lifestyles Events Art & Theatre Food & Drink Music Home & Gardening Movies & TV Fashion & Style Wellness Parenting Pets Faith People Travel Comics Contests Puzzles Play Announcements Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Tulsa World Archives Special Sections Our Properties Broken Arrow Wagoner County American-Tribune Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Cars Marketplace Shop Local Homes Today's Deal Legal Notices Tulsa World Store Shopping Customer Service Manage Tulsa Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter signup Subscribe Contact us Photo Submissions Report a correction Manage Owasso Subscription Manage Sand Springs Subscription Manage Skiatook Subscription Manage Wagoner Subscription Help Center Mobile Apps Gift Subscriptions Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter Bluesky Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Business Sports Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs Homes 39° Sunny Javascript is required to use this website. Three takeaways: OSU dominates Bethune-Cookman to storm into Big 12 play with 12-1 record Eric Bailey Oklahoma State uses blitz near halftime to overpower visiting Bethune-Cookman in final nonconference challenge. East Central avoids TofC upset, but Fort Gibson edges Memorial; Cascia defeats Owasso Tournament of Champions quarterfinals include some surprises. Gilcrease Museum Road closes for construction between Edison, Pine Kevin Canfield The city expects the museum northwest of downtown to open to the public in 2027. Gilcrease Museum Road itself, it turns out, will also have a new look. Muscogee Nation, Tulsa County jointly ask to close case after injunction rejection Curtis Killman The request comes after the Muscogee Nation was denied an injunction to halt Tulsa County’s prosecution of some tribal members in state court. Weekly rewind: New lobby piano just what the doctor ordered at Saint Francis Hospital Also, Stitt criticizes judgment in poultry pollution lawsuit; FBI report in released Epstein files linked to Kiefer suicide; and, 80-degree day breaks Tulsa record-high Christmas temperature. State gets $223.5 million federal boost for health care Steve Metzer The funding will represent Oklahoma's first-year share of a five-year grant, part of a $50 billion federal investment initiated through the federal Rural Health Transformation Program. Berry Tramel: Terry Porter doesn’t regret infamous penalty flag in Ohio State-Miami game Berry Tramel An Oklahoman threw perhaps the most famous penalty flag in football history, but 23 years later, he doesn’t regret the call that kept Ohio State’s national championship hopes alive. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You Owasso's Jalen Montonati sidelined indefinitely with arm injury East Central avoids TofC upset, but Fort Gibson edges Memorial; Cascia defeats Owasso Gilcrease Museum Road closes for construction between Edison, Pine The Latest Staff Writer Lenzy Krehbiel-Burton's most memorable stories There was so much more to public education in 2025 than just one agency or one board, she said, adding the 2025 stories that really stuck out were largely closer to Tulsa. Tulsa neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in Tulsa World. State to launch Aging Advocacy Leadership Academy The academy will shed light on strategies and resources to help community leaders, caregivers and others navigate needs of seniors, organizers say. Tulsans of the year: Pierce Norton, president and CEO of ONEOK Of being named a Tulsan of the year, he said, "This recognition belongs to the more than 6,000 employees who make ONEOK successful by living out our core values every day." Tulsa neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in Tulsa World. Oklahoma Watch: State prison population records 2025 growth Recent reform discussions have centered on the role of the Pardon and Parole Board to facilitate the release of aging prisoners, a population that’s costly to incarcerate and has more than doubled since 2009. Those we lost: Tulsa, state said goodbye to several noteworthy personalities in 2025 In memoriam: Dr. Robert Block, David Boren, Brent Douglas, Viola Fletcher, Burt Holmes, George Nigh, Wes Watkins and Gailard Sartain Tulsa neighbors: Obituaries for December 28 Read through the obituaries published today in Tulsa World. Editor's Pick Jimmie Tramel: Favorite stories from 2025 Jimmie Tramel Tulsa World writers were asked to pick some of the favorite stories they wrote in 2025. Among my story subjects: Elvis Presley, Carrie Underwood, "Jaws," Gailard Sartain and "M*A*S*H." Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Andy Reid Says He Will Return in 2026 if Chiefs Want Him Back US: Confetti drop in New York’s Times Square tested ahead of New Year's Eve Union girls coach Josh Berry analyzes TofC win over Quinton East Central coach Michael Parish and scoring leader David Douglas analyze TofC win over Okarche Sports Owasso's Jalen Montonati sidelined indefinitely with arm injury The Rams' two-time state basketball player of the year and Oklahoma State signee is out of action for an undetermined length of time. OU football transfer portal tracker: OL Troy Everett leaves Sooners after 3 seasons To date, three OU football players have declared intentions of entering the portal and looking for a fresh start at another program. Taylor Wein ready to 'embrace' leadership role for OU's defense in 2026 “Learned a lot from those boys and all the seniors too that left a great foundation,” Wein said. "...This team left a great foundation for OU for a long time.” OU signee captures District AI-4 MVP as state champion Rejoice Christian sweeps top awards Xavier "Zizi" Okwufulueze of state champion Rejoice Christian had 59 catches for 1,229 yards and 17 touchdowns. See who else was honored in AI-4. Listen Now Podcasts Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Brown police chief placed on leave; Chiefs moving to Kansas | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life & Entertainment The best films of 2025: ‘Hamnet,’ ‘One Battle After Another’ lead list This year’s best films come from a number of countries and feature some of the finest performances in decades. Exhibition openings part of First Friday Arts Crawl All will be open from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Admission is free. Lineup set for Carney Fest presented by The Church Studio Robert Randolph will headline one show at Cain’s Ballroom, supported by the Tulsa-based duo Knipple. David Thayer performs the next day The Church Studio. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Contributor A Guide for Tulsa Homeowners: Finding Reliable Service Pros Online Contributor content. By using local search wisely, Tulsa homeowners can make confident decisions when searching for reliable home service professionals. Sponsored 2025 marks a milestone year for Ethos Architects Content by Ethos Architects. 2025 was big for Ethos Architects — one defined by transformation, professional advancement and meaningful impact across Oklahoma. Provided The New Stress Economy: What People Are Doing to Cope, And What Actually Works Provided content. As the stress economy evolves, the report highlights practices that build long-term emotional health and guide people and industries toward sustainable well-being. Provided The Silent Workforce: Millions of Americans Now Provide Unpaid Care for Aging Parents, New Study Finds Provided content. Study shows that a large portion of adults now provide hands-on care for older loved ones. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Legacy Bank & Trust 8211 E Regal Place Ste 106, TULSA, OK 74133 First United Met/coweta PO BOX 36, COWETA, OK 74429 Crossfirst Bank 11440 TOMAHAWK CREEK PARKWAY, LEAWOOD, KS 66211 Print Ads Other WOMEN'S EXPO WITH A CAUSE Other FLEMING'S COMFORT FOOTWEAR Other OKLAHOMA PRESS SERVICE - NETWORKING Other JAN-PRO CLEANING & DISINFECTING Healthcare MIRACLE EAR Other WILLIAMS & WILLIAMS Other TULSA WORLD HOUSE ACCOUNT Other OKLAHOMA PRESS SERVICE Other OKLAHOMA'S CREDIT UNION Other LEGACY BANK & TRUST × Facebook Twitter Bluesky Instagram Sites & Partners Wagoner County American-Tribune Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise with us Newsletter Signup Join our Team Licensing Shopping Dealer Returns © Copyright 2025 Tulsa World , 315 S. Boulder Ave.  Tulsa, OK 74103 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe