Providence News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Flying Shuttles hosts poetry night celebrating creativity, inclusion Stanza by stanza and line by line, people from The Arc of Blackstone Valley Flying Shuttles performed poetry in Pawtucket. Family speaks out after Rhode Island Capitol Police recruit dies The family of a Rhode Island Capitol Police recruit who suddenly died last week is speaking publicly. Neighbors describe persistent fire that left resident injured in New Bedford A man remains in serious condition following a fire at a New Bedford home which nearby neighbors caught on camera. Apparent rollover crash closes lane on I-95 south in Warwick Part of Interstate 295 south in Warwick was blocked off after an apparent rollover Tuesday afternoon. Local Nation & World Connect To Congress Videos Offbeat Entertainment Politics Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Amazing America Beyond The Podium Soar Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Show Us Something Good NBC 10 News at 4 Submissions Washington Bridge Closure WJAR 75th Anniversary Podcasts Karen Read Murder Trial Brown University Shooting Weather Current Weather Cranston Partly Cloudy 26 F 33 / 22 Today 33 / 22 Wednesday 33 / 25 Thursday 29 / 13 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Traffic Closings Radar Maps Skycam Network Weather Blog Hurricane Tracker Storm Team 10 Visit Ski and Board Report Sports Sports New England Patriots receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation, assault charges New England Patriots wide receiver Stefon Diggs is facing a felony charge of strangulation or suffocation and a misdemeanor count of assault and battery. Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Connor Zary scores on OT power play to lift Flames past Bruins, 2-1 Connor Zary scored off a scramble in front of the goal on a power play at 1:53 of overtime to give the Calgary Flames a 2-1 victory over Boston on Monday night. La Salle hockey helps show the true meaning behind the holidays This holiday season, La Salle boys hockey partnered with Fellini's Pizzeria and Adoption RI for a toy drive and fundraiser to help struggling families. Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Tennis Extras Olympics TICKETS Perfect 10 City Guide Team Player Rhody Hoops Roundup NBC 10 I-TEAM NBC 10 I-TEAM NBC 10 I-Team: Dead E-ZPass batteries drive up tolls Many Rhode Island drivers have been charged higher rates after their E-ZPass batteries died without warning. Deepfake danger: The 10 most impersonated celebrities online Expert Steve Weisman says celebrity deep fake videos have been flooding social media this year. Brown University gunman's death leaves investigators with loose ends Other than connections from more than two decades ago, investigators do not have a motive for the attack on a classrom at Brown University. Tariffs raise holiday wine, alcohol prices Holiday celebrations are in full swing, but the cost of alcohol may have you feeling a bit grinchy. Ask Alison On Your Dime Consumer Alert Crisis in the Classroom Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 26 ° Wed 32 ° Thu 29 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Connect To Congress Videos Offbeat Entertainment Politics Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Amazing America Beyond The Podium Soar Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Show Us Something Good NBC 10 News at 4 Submissions Washington Bridge Closure WJAR 75th Anniversary Podcasts Karen Read Murder Trial Brown University Shooting Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Traffic Closings Radar Maps Skycam Network Weather Blog Hurricane Tracker Storm Team 10 Visit Ski and Board Report Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Tennis Extras Olympics TICKETS Perfect 10 City Guide Team Player Rhody Hoops Roundup NBC 10 I-TEAM Down Arrow NBC 10 I-TEAM Home Ask Alison On Your Dime Consumer Alert Crisis in the Classroom Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Politics Down Arrow Politics Home 10 News Conference Connect to Congress Chime in Down Arrow Chime in Home Galleries Upload Your Media Features Down Arrow Features Home Contests Community Treasures Champions In Action For Pet's Sake Health Check Health Check Kids Mmm! A Food Blog Money Cents Partner Spotlight Real Estate Today Sinclair Cares Staying Aware Wellness Wednesdays Financial Down Arrow Financial Home Money Matters Studio 10 Down Arrow Studio 10 Home Animals/Pets Artists/Artisans Cooking and Food Events Fitness Health and Beauty Home and Garden Medical and Wellness Place A Pet Real Estate/Finance Studio 10 Eats Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Healthfit Down Arrow Healthfit Home Health Fit Connections Karen Read Memorials Station Down Arrow Station Home Team 10 Bios 10 Cares Day of Giving 2025 Careers News Releases Mobile Apps Contact TV Listings Scholarship Newsletter Sign Up Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY New England Patriots receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation, assault charges New England Patriots wide receiver Stefon Diggs is facing a felony charge of strangulation or suffocation and a misdemeanor count of assault and battery. Fire breaks out at scrap metal yard in Providence Officers were dispatched to a fire at a scrap metal yard on Branch Avenue near I-95. Man, 33, dies after ATV crash in Exeter Rhode Island State Police announced that a man has died in an ATV accident in Exeter that occurred on Saturday.According to state police, they responded to a c Apparent rollover crash closes lane on I-95 south in Warwick Part of Interstate 295 south in Warwick was blocked off after an apparent rollover Tuesday afternoon. Family speaks out after Rhode Island Capitol Police recruit dies The family of a Rhode Island Capitol Police recruit who suddenly died last week is speaking publicly. Flying Shuttles hosts poetry night celebrating creativity, inclusion Stanza by stanza and line by line, people from The Arc of Blackstone Valley Flying Shuttles performed poetry in Pawtucket. House majority whip vows to deport Somalis involved in Minnesota welfare fraud scandal The third in command of the House Republicans is calling to revoke citizenship and deport Somalian nationals connected to defrauding Minnesota taxpayers. Neighbors describe persistent fire that left resident injured in New Bedford A man remains in serious condition following a fire at a New Bedford home which nearby neighbors caught on camera. 2 Rhode Island men arrested after youth hockey game in Connecticut North Branford police said two Rhode Island men were arrested after a youth hockey game on Monday evening. Hours after crash shut down Interstate 95 in Providence, no details from state police Rhode Island Department of Transportation announced that all lanes of Interstate 95 south were closed in Providence after a crash Monday night. Local News Tatiana Schlossberg, granddaughter of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Environmental journalist Tatiana Schlossberg, the granddaughter of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died. She was 35. Banana Republic in Providence Place mall to close The Banana Republic inside the Providence Place mall will be closing. Fire officials tackle garage fire at Norton home Norton fire officials tackled a fire at a residence on Tuesday. Tractor-trailer truck crashes into woods in Killingly The only person in the truck got out on their own and was not hurt. Newport police hope to identify women sought in wallet theft Newport police said Tuesday that they're hoping someone can help them identify two women accused of stealing a wallet. List: Where you can celebrate New Year's Eve in Southern New England These communities are hosting New Year's Eve celebrations. Motorcycle operator, 18, seriously hurt in crash in Attleboro The Attleboro Fire Department said Tuesday that police and firefighters responded to a "significant" crash on Pleasant Street. See More Right arrow Watch Live Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Nation & World HHS halts all childcare payments to Minnesota amid fraud allegations The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday it will freeze all child care payments to Minnesota. GOP Rep calls for Somali Americans involved in fraud to have citizenship revoked A viral video is bringing the national spotlight to taxpayer-funded daycare centers in Minnesota, with allegations many were collecting tax dollars but not actu This year saw 12% more store closures, but 2026 looking better for retail This year saw 11% fewer store openings than last year, but Coresight Research is tracking more planned openings than closings in the coming year. HUD audit reveals $5.8 billion in 'questionable' rental assistance payments under Biden Auditors said concentrations of the suspected payments were found in New York, California and Washington, DC. Payments to dead tenants occurred in all 50 states New Year's Eve events present security threats worldwide This New Year's Eve, law enforcement and security officials are taking extra measures to keep celebrations safe amid a heightened threat environment. Tatiana Schlossberg, journalist and granddaughter of JFK, dies at 35 Tatiana Schlossberg, a journalist and author who was also the granddaughter of former President John F. Kennedy, has died, according to a family announcement. Truck driver charged in deadly Virginia crash immigrated to US illegally: sources Ouattara's charges were upgraded to three counts of involuntary manslaughter on Dec. 29, court records show. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Connor Zary scores on OT power play to lift Flames past Bruins, 2-1 Connor Zary scored off a scramble in front of the goal on a power play at 1:53 of overtime to give the Calgary Flames a 2-1 victory over Boston on Monday night. La Salle hockey helps show the true meaning behind the holidays This holiday season, La Salle boys hockey partnered with Fellini's Pizzeria and Adoption RI for a toy drive and fundraiser to help struggling families. See More Right arrow Entertainment Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. 'The Wire' and 'Veep' star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dead at 71 Isiah Whitlock Jr., known for his roles on shows like &ldquo;The Wire&rdquo; and &ldquo;Veep,&rdquo; has died at 71, his manager confirmed. Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she refused to film an explicit sex scene with THIS star Gwyneth Paltrow revealed why she refused to film a spicy scene early in her career with a handsome co-star. Watch Robert Irwin rank birds based on their rizz, crowns a controversial no. 1 The wildlife conservationist has the internet divided after he sparked debate over ranking birds by "rizz." See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED The Perfect Something for your Perfect Someone. Shope Baxter's Fine Jewlery to find that SPONSORED What's Popular this Year in Jewelry? SPONSORED Create something sentimental Create something sentimental SPONSORED Buying a car? Get ready to experience the easiest process ever! At Paul Masse Dealerships, buying a vehicle is simple, transparent, and stress-free. SPONSORED Replace vs. repair: What to do with your car tires When your tire pops or looks flat, it&rsquo;s obvious what your next step should be. Either replace it with a tire you already have or call in the experts to do the j Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page NBC 10 I-Team NBC 10 I-Team: Dead E-ZPass batteries drive up tolls Many Rhode Island drivers have been charged higher rates after their E-ZPass batteries died without warning. Deepfake danger: The 10 most impersonated celebrities online Expert Steve Weisman says celebrity deep fake videos have been flooding social media this year. Brown University gunman's death leaves investigators with loose ends Other than connections from more than two decades ago, investigators do not have a motive for the attack on a classrom at Brown University. Tariffs raise holiday wine, alcohol prices Holiday celebrations are in full swing, but the cost of alcohol may have you feeling a bit grinchy. NBC 10 I-Team: Parents, students raise concerns over Brown's safety measures Images of the suspect haven't come from cameras inside the Brown University building where the Saturday shooting happened, prompting questions and concerns. Study finds it would take average Rhode Islander 19 years to save for a home Does it feel like it's taking forever to save up for a down payment? That's because for many Southern New Englanders, it is. New Brown investigation details: What led to person of interest who was later released NBC 10 News learned new details from inside the investigation, as police officers and federal agents canvassed the East Side of Providence on Monday. Brown University shooting prompts comparisons to 2013 Boston Marathon bombing While the two events share similarities, the circumstances are markedly different. Beware of 'ghost tapping' scam this holiday season There’s a new scam haunting holiday shoppers and travelers. It’s called "ghost tapping." Cyber security expert says don't click on ads on social media Are you buying holiday gifts on TikTok? Former Pawtucket firefighter faces drug charges A now-former Pawtucket firefighter is now facing drug charges. Don't buy a drained gift card this holiday season Year after year, gift cards are some of the most popular holiday gifts. Unfortunately, gift cards come with some risks. Ask Alison: When will on-ramps for Route 146 reopen? In this edition of Ask Alison, an NBC 10 viewer asks for an update on road construction. NBC 10 I-Team: Recalled sprinklers at center of new filings in Gabriel House fire lawsuit New court filings are shedding light on what went wrong at the Gabriel House Assisted Living Facility last summer, when a fire killed 10 residents. Personal finance expert reacts to Buy Now Pay Later investigation Consumers are projected to spend a record-breaking $20 billion using Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) this holiday season. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Politics '10 News Conference' asks Bishop Bruce Lewandowski about immigration, Trump NBC 10's Gene Valicenti sat down for a wide-ranging interview with Providence Bishop Bruce Lewandowski. New Trump policy causes some anxiety before citizenship ceremony A new government crackdown made some new American citizens a little anxious before their status became official at a naturalization ceremony in Providence. '10 News Conference' asks Helena Foulkes, candidate for governor, about opioids, Costco Helena Foulkes, who's again seeking the Democratic nomination for governor of Rhode Island, answered the CVS opioid crisis question in different way on this wee See More Right arrow Health Check New study suggests shingles vaccine may cut dementia risk A new study shows a shingle vaccine may reduce dementia risk. Butler Hospital launches urgent care for mental health emergencies It's a first in our area--an urgent care that addresses mental health emergencies. Woman regains function after severe fall that shattered her pelvis "It was incredible I did this much damage," said Carol Tuschick. US regulators approve Wegovy pill for weight loss U.S. regulators on Monday gave the green light to a pill version of the blockbuster weight-loss drug Wegovy, the first daily oral medication to treat obesity. See More Right arrow Storm Team 10 Weather Blog Gusty winds and plummeting temperatures follow afternoon rain A potent low pressure system swirling through the Great Lakes this Monday morning is expected to bring major weather changes throughout New England over the nex Sunday Science: Different types of snowflakes It can be a magical feeling when that perfect snowflake lands on your jacket and glove during the wintertime.While most people know that nearly no two snowflak Next storm brings mainly rain, could briefly begin as ice inland in Southern New England After a winter storm brought a plowable snow to much of Southern New England on Friday night, our next storm will be a wet one for Sunday night. See More Right arrow Show Us Something Good Nutcracker Trail draws holiday crowds to Westerly businesses In downtown Westerly and parts of Connecticut, there're hard to miss. Casale's tree farm donates profits to homeless shelter, soup kitchen On the outside, the new Casale's Farm looks like your average Christmas tree farm. South Kingstown students honor teen killed in hit-and-run crash with door artworks Mother and daughter Janine Passaretti-Molloy and Victoria Passaretti walked down the hallways of South Kingstown High School to pick their favorite student deco Salve Regina students forge friendship across political divide Two Salve Regina University students are proving politics don't have to dictate friendship and respect See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.