Jump to content
campaign
AI writing now includes AI bypasser detection!
Learn more
cancel
Why Turnitin
Solutions
Resources
Partners
Media Center
search
language
Support
Contact Sales
Log In
Bring transparency to the writing process with Turnitin Clarity

Named to TIME’s Best Inventions of 2025, Turnitin Clarity is the award-winning add-on to Turnitin Feedback Studio that unlocks the full story behind every submission and builds trust through responsible AI use.

Discover more 
Advance learning with an AI writing detection solution built for educators

Our advanced AI writing detection technology is highly reliable and proficient in distinguishing between AI- and human-written text and is specialized for student writing. What’s more, it’s integrated into your workflow for a seamless experience.

Learn more 
Student success starts here
Uphold academic integrity

Ensure original work from students and safeguard the value of writing.

Assessments with transparency into AI usage

Flexible solutions enabling educators to design and deliver student assessments their way, while shaping AI-enhanced student writing with integrity and confidence.

Foster original thinking

Help develop students’ original thinking skills with high-quality, actionable feedback that fits easily into teachers’ existing workflows.

Customer stories
University of Leeds widely adopts Gradescope for online assessment

With campuswide digital transformation in mind, rollout to thousands of faculty across disciplines took only two months, far quicker than anticipated.

Watch their story 
University of Maryland Global Campus builds a culture of academic integrity by pairing policy with technology

Keeping student and instructor needs at the core is key to upholding their rigorous standards of integrity while centering students in their learning.

Watch their story 
Solutions made just for you
See solutions for Higher Education

Prepare students for success with tools designed to uphold academic integrity and advance assessment.


See solutions for Secondary Education

Help students develop original thinking skills with tools that improve their writing and check for similarities to existing works.

See solutions for Research and Publication

The rigorous academic research and publishing process gets a trusted tool to ensure the originality of scholarly work.

Keep integrity at the core of every assessment.

Everything you need no matter how or where you assess student work.

Feedback Studio

Give feedback and grade essays and long-form writing assignments with the tool that fosters writing excellence and academic integrity.

Learn more
Originality

Check for existing as well as new forms of plagiarism - from text similarity and synonym swapping to contract cheating, AI writing, and AI paraphrasing.

Learn more
Gradescope

Grade paper-based, bubble sheet, and code assignments faster than ever while giving more robust feedback and gaining valuable insights.

Learn more
ExamSoft

Address potential gaps in curriculum and assessment to prepare students for their careers and meet accreditation requirements.

Learn more
Similarity

This robust, comprehensive plagiarism checker fits seamlessly into existing workflows.

Learn more
iThenticate

Screen personal statements for potential plagiarism and ensure the highest level of integrity before matriculation.

Learn more
Why Turnitin 
The Turnitin difference
Complete Coverage

Your coverage is comprehensive, with the largest content database of scholarly content, student papers, and webpages.

Extensive Support

Have the help you need with 24/7 tech support, curricular resources created by real educators, and customized training and onboarding services.

Human-Centered AI

Our people-centered approach to artificial intelligence improves academic integrity and makes assessment better for all.

Unparalleled Access

Access Turnitin tools at scale through integrations with over 100 systems in the educational ecosystem.

Further Reading
Infographic
Writing and revision best practices poster

A full-color poster that outlines good writing and revision practices.

Read more 
eBook
How To Promote Academic Integrity In Your Classroom | eBook
A Free Guide From Turnitin
Read more 
Paper
Guide for approaching AI-generated text

An educator guide providing suggestions for how to adapt instruction when faced with student use of AI.

Read more 
See all resources
Solutions
Academic integrity
Research integrity
Course assessment
High-stakes assessment
Partners
Products
Feedback Studio
Gradescope
ExamSoft
Similarity
iThenticate
Resources
Resources Hub
Blog
Instructional Resources
Turnitin Educator Network
Support Center
Company
About Us
Why Turnitin?
Careers
Media Center
Accessibility
Product Privacy
We use AI selectively to assist in creating marketing materials. AI-generated content is reviewed, edited, and fact-checked by humans to ensure it aligns with our standards of accuracy, quality, and brand integrity.
Website Privacy
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Use
Modern Slavery Act
Site Map
Cookies Settings
© 2025 Turnitin, LLC. All rights reserved.

Turnitin uses cookies and other technologies to help us understand how our sites are used and to personalize our content and the advertising you see. The information we collect from you through these technologies may be shared with third parties, including advertising, social media, and analytics partners. By continuing to browse, by dismissing this banner, or by clicking "Accept All", you agree to the use, sharing, and storage of cookies and other technologies for these purposes. You can change your choices at any time through the Manage Preferences link in the footer of the webpage. To learn more about the information we collect and about how we use cookies, please see our cookie notice.

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All