Tuta: Turn ON privacy for free with secure emails, calendars & contacts | Tuta Login Sign up Products Download Pricing Business Why Tuta Security Privacy Guide Sustainability Encryption Team Open Source Community Email comparison Discount Blog Jobs Support Login Sign up Turn ON Privacy Take back your data with Tuta's encrypted email, calendar and contacts. Create free account Secure at a touch Tuta Mail Tuta Calendar Email to feel good about: private and easy to use. End-to-end encryption guarantees your privacy We protect your data to the maximum with quantum-safe encryption. Intuitive design for a fast workflow The ease and simplicity of our apps lead to an organized workflow. Stay connected, wherever you are Use the free Tuta Mail apps for Android or iPhone on the go, online and offline. Best value custom domain accounts Use your custom email address for a professional look. Keep your events private. Zero-knowledge calendar that respects your right to privacy The built-in encryption guarantees that your calendars belong to you alone. Perfectly integrated into your email app Use email invites to quickly manage your meetings and appointments. Never miss an event. No Google Push, not even on Android Tuta calendar push reminders keep your events private on Android, iPhones and iPads. Organization is key, whether for personal or business events Quick access to your personal appointments, business meetings and repeating tasks. A better web Secure End-to-end encryption Green Renewable energy Ad-free No distraction Secure Tuta automatically encrypts all your data end-to-end with post-quantum cryptography which makes it the safest email provider. This is hands down the best free privacy oriented email service out there. They genuinely care about the end users privacy. The data they collect is next to nothing (if any) and provide a plethora of amazing services. BRYCEN GUNTER Secure email and a secure calendar. I didn't need 20gb of space but I wanted to pay to support this company. I also enjoyed the ability to have custom domain integration. CHRIS L McCLISH Best secure Email provider! Love this provider! I've been a happy customer for a while now. I have even recommended this to relatives. No worrying about privacy infringement or identity/data security. I can rest assured that my emails remain private. TRISH For this Android user, this secure email client is one of the best available out there. I like having the calendar, email and contacts combined in one app rather than multiple places. Great app for those important emails and events. BUCK T Green We take our responsibility seriously and only use renewable energy to power your emails, calendars, and contacts. Thanks for being a solid company, I'm very happy to have switched from proton since Tuta handles several things (green energy, fdroid app, linux app) way better. JEREMIAH Uses 100% renewable energies, open source, supports non-profits and schools, respects privacy, ad-free. Also offers nice phone and laptop apps. Just switched to a paid account to support the company though the free version is really good already on its own (I've used it for a year now). Definitely five stars! TARKAN SCHNEIDER Ad-free We give you the freedom to communicate confidentially, without any tracking or personalized ads. It works very well and you are not bombarded with intrusive and harmful advertising. A most excellent replacement for all Microsoft and Google email accounts! ANONYMOUS Secure and private with encryption, ad free and free, what's not to like. GRIMEST Tuta is the best cost-benefit email service in the market. It has the same main features as most mail providers. The difference is that Tuta cares about your privacy and won't use your data against you, nor try to convince you to click on ads selling stuff you don't need. FERNANDO SILVA With the big tech companies scanning and using your email as a way to push advertisements, it's comforting to use something secure and, for lack of a better word, cool. You use email a lot right? You out also know that free isn't really free, the price is for tech companies to get your info. I love Tuta. CHRIS L McCLISH I use Tuta 2 weeks now and I didn't find something to keep me away. Black beautiful GUI, easy to navigate throughout app, encrypted messages with password, even the login has 2FA, there is no ads. KITTYUZUTTY Turn OFF Surveillance TechCrunch says: "Encrypted Gmail alternative" Create free account Download Tuta Encrypted email always by your side. Android Download apk from GitHub iOS Linux Windows macOS Browser Freedom fighters Sustainability for a better future We put ethics before profits which makes Tuta a partner you can trust. We are committed to creating a more environmentally friendly future. By using green energy, by supporting non-profits, freedom of speech and strong privacy laws, Tuta fights for a better web! Our sustainability journey Our privacy revolution Big tech companies like Apple and Google use your personal information for their own profit. Now is the time to break free and take back what belongs to you: Your data. In 2011, long before the Snowden leaks, our founders Arne and Matthias knew of the dangers resulting from unlimited tracking and surveillance. They started working on Tutanota (now Tuta) to enable you to have a safe space, free from judgment and discrimination. Our story Join the Tuta Team Hi, we are the Tuta Team. We build the most secure email, calendar and contacts service so you can take control of your data. Our mission is to bring privacy to the world and to enable everyone to store and manage their data with freedom and zero tracking. For over a decade, we have developed our product and built strong ties with privacy and open source communities. Be part of our mission! Jobs Welcome to post-quantum security German Privacy Our zero-knowledge architecture combined with strict GDPR regulations guarantee best privacy. Tuta and Privacy End-to-end encryption Choose the world’s first end-to-end encrypted email service with quantum-resistant cryptography. Explore Tuta's encryption Open source All Tuta clients are fully open source and can be audited by security experts. Tuta and open source Ease of use Enjoy the ease and simplicity of our intuitive apps for Android, iOS, Windows, macOS, and Linux. Explore Tuta Mail Focus on security We focus on protecting your data which goes well beyond encryption. Learn what makes Tuta the safest provider. Our focus on security Best value for your domain Use Tuta Mail with your own custom domain and an unlimited number of alias email addresses. Check Tuta's prices Privacy for your organization Tuta is trusted by thousands of businesses including large financial institutions and human rights organizations to protect their professional emails and calendars. Save time and money by storing all your business emails end-to-end encrypted in Germany, protected with strong data protection laws. Benefit from best cost-efficiency, high availability, flexibility, and automatic backup - without compromising on security. Join more than 10,000 businesses who have chosen Tuta to safeguard their data. Tuta for business For all your email needs Business Protect your data the easy way. Medical End-to-end encrypted & GDPR-compliant. Personal Free secure email for everyone. Activists Privacy, anonymity, security: all in one place. Journalists Protect your emails and your sources. Forever free Privacy is a fundamental right and we are here to protect it. That's why Tuta Mail will be free, forever. Create free account Products Tuta Mail Tuta Calendar Tuta for Business Company Community Team Jobs Terms Privacy Legal notice Development Roadmap Security Encryption Open Source GitHub Support Forum Press Support Terminate subscription Language English Česky Deutsch Español Suomi Français Magyar nyelv Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português, BR Pусский Svenska Yкраїнська 中文 Translate