The Walt Disney Company Skip to content Menu close Created with Sketch. Search for: About Leadership Our Businesses Investor Relations Events and Presentations Investor Relations News Reports Forms Corporate Governance Frequently Asked Questions Careers Impact Operating Responsibly Investing in Our People Inclusion Environmental Sustainability Social Impact Economic Impact ESG Reporting 2024 S&SI Report Impact Stories News The Walt Disney Company Recent News December 31, 2025 Disney Kicks Off the New Year with All-New Heartwarming Brand Spot Sharing T… Disney Kicks Off the New Year with All-New Heartwarming Brand Spot Sharing Treasured Disney Memories Through Time December 30, 2025 Go Behind Disney and Selfridges’ ‘A Most Magical Christmas’… Go Behind Disney and Selfridges’ ‘A Most Magical Christmas’ December 29, 2025 The Walt Disney Company to Celebrate America’s 250th Anniversary in 2026 T… The Walt Disney Company to Celebrate America’s 250th Anniversary in 2026 Tournament of Roses Parade December 24, 2025 Making Spirits Bright: How Disney Has Defined Holiday Wonder for Generations December 22, 2025 ‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ Burns Bright at the Box Office with $347.1 Millio… ‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ Burns Bright at the Box Office with $347.1 Million Global Opening About The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to entertain, inform and inspire people around the globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds and innovative technologies that make ours the world’s premier entertainment company. View More Investor Relations Our commitment to creativity, technology and innovation generates unparalleled experiences that drive long-term value for our shareholders. View More Careers Explore a variety of opportunities to start a new chapter in your career at Disney. View More SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Our approach to corporate social responsibility is built upon the Company’s long and enduring legacy of engagement in our workplaces and communities and our actions to protect the environment. View More Follow Us On Facebook Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights Children’s Online Privacy Policy Disney.com Guest Services Advertise With Us Interest-Based Ads Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Contact Us © Disney. All rights reserved About Investor Relations Careers Impact News