TweakTown - Tech News, Hardware Reviews, Gaming Updates & More News All News AI Business, Financial & Legal Cases, Cooling & PSU Displays Gaming Graphics Cards Motherboards Processors Software & Apps Science, Space, & Robotics Storage Reviews & Articles All Reviews All Articles Audio Cases, Cooling & PSU Displays Graphics Cards Laptops Motherboards Peripherals Processors RAM Storage Guides Gaming GPU SSD Newsletter About Forum Contact 🔥 CES 2026 RAM Prices Steam Machine PS6 GTA 6 Steam Frame RTX 5080 SUPER Half-Life 3 Battlefield 6 ASUS ROG Matrix Platinum GeForce RTX 5090 Review - Unbeatable Performance, Stunning Design ASUS's limited edition ROG Matrix GeForce RTX 5090 claims the top spot as the world's most powerful gaming GPU. But at what cost? Well, a lot. Dell Pro Plus Earbuds EB525 Review - Productivity Buds The Best Hardware for Running Local AI Next Level Racing GTRacer 2.0 Sim Racing Cockpit Review The Mask (1994) 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Review ASUSTOR AS5402T 2-Bay NAS Review - Fast 2-bay NAS performance XPG Pymcore SFX 80 PLUS Gold 850w PSU Review Show Next 6 » As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases. TweakTown may also earn commissions from other affiliate partners at no extra cost to you. Original id Software dev shares what it was like porting Doom to the Atari Jaguar Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 5:35 PM CST OG id Software dev Sandy Petersen shares a rare glimpse at what it was like making Doom on Atari's ill-fated Jaguar console . Back in 1994, Atari released the world's first 64-bit video games console. It was called the Jaguar, and it would end up being the last home system that Atari ever produced. Before its demise, though, the jungle-cat console ushered in some pretty potent game experiences for the age. One of these games was a fully-fledged port of id's Doom, which was the hottest PC game at the time. The Atari Jaguar port of Doom is regarded as one of the best console adaptations of the classic FPS, and a lot of that comes down to the work that level designer Sandy Petersen did in this particular port. In a recent post on Twitter , Petersen chronicles the experience in a rare look at past of obscure and offshoot video game consoles. In the thread, Petersen notes that it was John Carmack's decision that id would make Doom for the Jaguar--according to Petersen, Carmack was utterly infatuated with Atari's new 64-bit system on an architectural and systems level. The idea of making millions of dollars in sales never really fazed Carmack, and his interest was mainly with the technology itself. Continue reading: Original id Software dev shares what it was like porting Doom to the Atari Jaguar (full post) Report: Halo 2 and Halo 3 remakes also planned in Unreal Engine 5 Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 4:34 PM CST Halo Studios may be planning to remake the full Bungie-made Halo trilogy in Unreal Engine 5. Halo: Campaign Evolved may just be the beginning of a series of multi-platform remakes. New reports indicate that Halo Studios is also planning to remake Halo 2 and Halo 3 within UE5. The news comes by way of Rebs Gaming , who has investigated recent rumors of a Halo remake trilogy, with his own sources sharing enough information to lead to the conclusion that the reports are likely true. While Halo Studios has yet to confirm any future remakes outside of the already-announced Halo: Campaign Evolved, re-releasing the full trilogy does make a lot of sense on a business level. The key to this news is that only the campaigns will be remade, not multiplayer, which leaves the runway clear for a fully-engaged and -aligned user base for the next Halo MP experience. Continue reading: Report: Halo 2 and Halo 3 remakes also planned in Unreal Engine 5 (full post) GTA 6 won't cost $100 but it could be made with AI, former Rockstar dev says Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 3:33 PM CST Another former Rockstar Games developer says that the studio won't charge $100 for Grand Theft Auto 6...but the big-budget sequel could be crafted using AI. Speculation says that GTA 6 could end up being the world's first $100 video game. While it's possible that Rockstar could release a $100 version of GTA 6, such as a deluxe edition, multiple industry figures don't believe GTA 6 will cost $100 by default. Instead, the popular belief is that GTA 6 will be priced at the new $70 industry standard and that Rockstar will instead rely on GTA Online's microtransaction revenues to augment post-launch sales. This seems like the more likely path, seeing as GTA Online typically earns $100 million every quarter , per our Grand Theft Auto franchise earnings analysis. Now we have another former Rockstar developer weighing in to discuss GTA 6's price, with previous technical director Obbe Vermeij sharing that he doesn't believe Rockstar will charge $100 for the new game. That being said, GTA 6 is seen as one of the most expensive video games to produce in history with an estimated budget of $2 billion, and Vermeij believes Rockstar will heavily use AI in the production of the game in a bid to reduce costs and automate some of the more tedious tasks. Continue reading: GTA 6 won't cost $100 but it could be made with AI, former Rockstar dev says (full post) Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora playerbase spikes by 553% following new Avatar: Fire and Ash movie Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 2:32 PM CST The new Avatar movie has helped reinvigorate sales of Ubisoft's adventure game set in James Cameron's franchise. James Cameron's new Avatar: Fire and Ash film is a mega-hit across the globe, and viewers are looking to experiences like video games to further their engagement with the franchise. Data from SteamDB indicates that concurrent players in Ubisoft's Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora game are up an astronomical 553% thanks to the film's tremendous acclaim. According to the data, Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora had just 1,911 players a day before the new Avatar film was released, and the game ultimately jumped to an all-time high of 12,496 users just two days ago. It's also worth mentioning that Frontiers of Pandora is on sale for just $20 on Steam, and the spike of users does reflect new buyers, as the Avatar game is currently #11 on Steam's best sellers charts . Continue reading: Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora playerbase spikes by 553% following new Avatar: Fire and Ash movie (full post) PlayStation emulator ePSXe gets updated for the first time in 10 years Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 1:31 PM CST How's this for a blast from the past: Remember ePSXe? It's now received its first major update in nearly 10 years. Two days before Christmas, the creators behind the original PS1 emulator ePSXe issued a new version update that adds an important new feature. ePSXe v 2.0.18 introduces native support for CHD-based image files, with the emulator now being able to better open and run .CHD files alongside the more traditional .ISOs. The advantage of supporting .CHD is that the files are often much smaller and the format itself is lossless, which can lead to better quality experiences. The release has garnered attention within the emulation community; however, some note that not all that much has changed in between the releases. Continue reading: PlayStation emulator ePSXe gets updated for the first time in 10 years (full post) CD Projekt sells GOG storefront for $25 million shortly after launching subscription service Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 12:29 PM CST CD Projekt has officially parted ways with its proprietary storefront GOG.com, selling the business to company co-founder Michal Kicinski. GOG, aka Good Old Games, is changing hands. CD Projekt has sold its GOG digital games storefront to Michal Kicinski for roughly $25 million in a full-circle business deal; Kicinski was one of the original co-founders of CD Projekt, which started out as a software distributor in Poland, and he also was a co-founder of the GOG store. Launched in 2007, GOG was aimed at preserving classic PC games--a mission statement that hasn't changed today, and won't change now that GOG is technically under new ownership. CD Projekt is adamant that nothing will actually change for the end user. GOG will still preserve old games, and everything sold and made available on the store will still be DRM-free. Plus, CD Projekt's upcoming games like The Witcher 4 and Cyberpunk 2 will still release on GOG. Continue reading: CD Projekt sells GOG storefront for $25 million shortly after launching subscription service (full post) Helldivers 2 might follow in Destiny 2's footsteps with 'sequel-level' features via new updates Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 30, 2025 9:55 AM CST Instead of releasing Helldivers 3, the devs at Arrowhead aim to just keep updating Helldivers 2 with a bunch of new content--kind of like what Bungie has done with Destiny 2. Now we have an idea of what kinds of things could show up in the game in the coming years. If Arrowhead has their way, Helldivers 2 could become the next Destiny 2 (but in a good way?). The idea is to add so-called sequel-level features into Helldivers 2 without having to actually launch a brand new separate product. Johan Pilestedt, Arrowhead's previous CEO who moved to Chief Creative Officer so he could have more control over how Helldivers 2 evolves, outlines some of the content that could show up in lieu of a sequel. In a recent video interview , Pilestedt says he'd like to see additions like 8-player missions and more organic social play set in a massive open-ended map--areas so big that players could run into other squads while exploring. Continue reading: Helldivers 2 might follow in Destiny 2's footsteps with 'sequel-level' features via new updates (full post) HP preps new HyperX OMEN MAX 16, OMEN 16, OMEN 15 gaming laptops for CES 2026 Anthony Garreffa | Laptops | Dec 29, 2025 6:36 PM CST HP will be unveiling its upgraded HyperX OMEN MAX 16, OMEN 16, and OMEN 15 gaming laptops at CES 2026, powered by Intel Panther Lake and AMD Ryzen AI CPUs, with OLED panels across the new gaming laptops. In a new article from Windows Latest, HP's upcoming HyperX OMEN MAX 16 gaming laptop will have an option for up to the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 5090 Laptop GPU with 24GB GDDR7 memory and one of Intel's next-gen Core Ultra 300 series "Panther Lake" CPUs. HP will include up to 64GB of DDR5-6400 memory, and up to 2TB of Gen5 SSD storage for the OMEN MAX 16 gaming laptop. The flagship HyperX OMEN MAX 16 gaming laptop has a 16-inch 2.5K @ 240Hz OLED panel option, too. Continue reading: HP preps new HyperX OMEN MAX 16, OMEN 16, OMEN 15 gaming laptops for CES 2026 (full post) PlayStation 6 and Xbox Next could be delayed: 'industry as a whole' concerned over RAM supply Anthony Garreffa | Gaming | Dec 29, 2025 5:39 PM CST The out-of-control DRAM crisis will have some major flow-on effects in the years to come, with reports that the next-gen PlayStation 6 and Xbox Next consoles might not release in their expected 2027-2028 timeline, with major issues in DRAM supply and skyrocketing prices. In a new report published by Insider Gaming's Tom Henderson, console manufacturers Sony and Microsoft are in quite the pickle regarding their respective next-gen consoles because of mammoth RAM price increases. Tom reports that the situation has Sony and Microsoft debating their PlayStation 6 and Xbox Next console releases past their 2027-2028 release window. Tom writes: " RAM manufacturers will be able to build out their infrastructure to produce more RAM" that would see prices dropping" . Tom explains: " While consoles have traditionally been subsidized to a certain extent in the past, it seems like RAM availability and price increases will mean that the next generation of consoles, which were already believed to be much higher in price than previous generations, could be extortionate ". Continue reading: PlayStation 6 and Xbox Next could be delayed: 'industry as a whole' concerned over RAM supply (full post) Intel's next-gen 'Jaguar Shores' Gaudi AI accelerator rumored to use new HBM4E memory Anthony Garreffa | Artificial Intelligence | Dec 28, 2025 6:42 PM CST Intel's next-generation Jaguar Shores data center AI accelerator platform is rumored to be using newer HBM4E memory, which could launch sometime in the second half of 2027. Back at the Intel AI Summit Seoul in South Korea back in July 2025, the company seemed to be ready for HBM4 from SK hynix for Jaguar Shores, with a release in 2026. However, Intel hasn't had a stable or successful time with its Gaudi AI accelerators and its release schedule, and it knows it has almost insurmountable competition from AMD and more so NVIDIA, so timelines can change, and specifications -- like using faster HBM4E -- can change, too. The new information regarding Intel's use of HBM4E on its next-gen Jaguar Shores AI platform is from leaker @Bionic_Squash on X, who replied to @harukaze5719 regarding Jaguar Shores using HBM4, with a simply reply of " Jaguar is HBM4E ". Continue reading: Intel's next-gen 'Jaguar Shores' Gaudi AI accelerator rumored to use new HBM4E memory (full post) SK hynix, Samsung, and Micron fighting for NVIDIA supply contracts for new 16-Hi HBM4 orders Anthony Garreffa | Artificial Intelligence | Dec 28, 2025 5:55 PM CST Samsung, SK hynix, and Micron are all fighting each other in developing new 16-Hi HBM, because NVIDIA requested supply of the new memory chips for the second half of 2026. 16-Hi HBM hasn't been commercialized previously with many technological hurdles to overcome, including DRAM stacking, as things get far more complicated with more HBM stacks. In a new report from the Electronic Times, NVIDIA reportedly requested that domestic and foreign memory manufacturers deliver 16-Hi HBM memory chips by Q4 2026. SK hynix and Samsung Electronics in South Korea, as well as US-based Micron, have all begun full-scale development work for the mass production supply of 16-Hi HBM memory chips to NVIDIA. The outlet reports that concrete contracts haven't been signed yet; it reports that discussions are happening internally regarding the initial production volumes of 16-Hi HBM chips. Continue reading: SK hynix, Samsung, and Micron fighting for NVIDIA supply contracts for new 16-Hi HBM4 orders (full post) Halo Studios' new chief of staff also runs her own AI consulting firm Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 28, 2025 3:33 PM CST Halo Studios has hired a new chief of staff who also has an AI consulting business--a development that could indicate wider usage of AI (generative or otherwise) at the Halo developer. The latest report from Rebs Gaming indicates that Halo Studios is indeed gearing up to use AI in the development of new Halo games--if it isn't already. The video notes that Halo Studios has also hired a new chief of staff, Angela Hession , an 11-year veteran at Microsoft who has a robust background in trust and safety (she also was a principal product lead on HoloLens). What's interesting about this hire is that she also runs her own AI consulting firm, Hession Consulting AI , whose landing page reads: "We help technology, gaming, and commerce leaders integrate trust, operational transformation, and future-ready strategy so they can grow fast without triggering tomorrow's crises." There's also some interesting stats on Hession's previous experiences, with the AI consulting firm's site mentioning Hession's previous experience as a strategy and operations director (or a chief operating officer) at Microsoft, in which she managed a "$500 million business unit" related to Xbox services. The site notes that Hession managed to find cost savings for this Xbox-related business. Continue reading: Halo Studios' new chief of staff also runs her own AI consulting firm (full post) GTA Tokyo 'almost happened,' Rockstar had ideas for Rio de Janeiro, Moscow, Istanbul Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 28, 2025 1:31 PM CST Back in the mid-2000s, Rockstar Games almost took Grand Theft Auto globetrotting with multiple worldwide locations and settings for the series. It's been decided for years now that GTA will stay in the United States--after all, there are so many opportunities for deep satirization with locales like Liberty City (New York), Los Santos (L.A.) and Vice City (Miami). But this wasn't always the case, and in the mid-2000s, Rockstar floated the idea of a mainline game set in other countries. In a new interview with GamesHub , former Rockstar Games technical director Obbe Vermeij laid out some of the other cities that could've shown up in a GTA game. According to Vermeij, GTA Tokyo almost happened. Continue reading: GTA Tokyo 'almost happened,' Rockstar had ideas for Rio de Janeiro, Moscow, Istanbul (full post) Witcher 3 will get a new paid expansion that leads up to events of Witcher 4, analyst predicts Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 28, 2025 9:14 AM CST CD Projekt RED could release a new Witcher 3 expansion to spark sales and drum up excitement for The Witcher 4. The Witcher 4 is in full production, and will kick off a new saga for the medieval fantasy franchise. CD Projekt's new arc will be a multi-game trilogy centered around Ciri, but there's still a lot of questions about story and theme. One way to solve this problem could be a surprise new paid expansion for The Witcher 3. According to reports from Polish news site Strefa Inwesterow , Pekao analyst Emil Poplawski believes CD Projekt could release a new Witcher 3 expansion that essentially sets the stage up for Ciri's new adventures. The new expansion could be $30, which is quite the premium--other expansions like Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine were $10 and $20, respectively. Continue reading: Witcher 3 will get a new paid expansion that leads up to events of Witcher 4, analyst predicts (full post) AMD and NVIDIA graphics cards will be more expensive in early 2026 because of DRAM crisis Anthony Garreffa | Graphics Cards | Dec 27, 2025 10:10 PM CST AMD and NVIDIA graphics cards will be more expensive in coming weeks, with AIB partners being prepared for price increases because of the price surges on DRAM, where we're told to expect more expensive graphics cards in January and February 2026, just weeks from now. In a new report on Board Channels, we're being told that major price increases will occur in the New Year, as it lines up with quarter timing and contract pricing. NVIDIA's Q4 2025 is between November and January, while AMD's Q4 2025 takes place between October and December. Under previous supply agreements, memory procurement prices were reportedly fixed through 2025, leaving AIB pricing at sane levels during Q4 2025. However, starting with 2026 those fixed term contracts come to an end, with pressure placed on memory pricing -- GDDR6 for AMD, GDDR7 for NVIDIA -- in GPU costs. Continue reading: AMD and NVIDIA graphics cards will be more expensive in early 2026 because of DRAM crisis (full post) HKC launches the world's first 1080Hz gaming monitor, for intensive 1080FPS gaming Anthony Garreffa | Displays | Dec 27, 2025 9:09 PM CST Chinese monitor manufacturer HKC has just redefined the competitive esports gaming monitor with the launch of the ANTGAMER ANT275PQ MAX, the world's highest refresh rate 1440p LCD monitor, allowing an insane 1080Hz refresh rate. The upgraded ANTGAMER ANT257PQ MAX features a native 1440p resolution @ 540Hz refresh, but can drop down to 720p @ 1080Hz , meaning you're going to want to make sure you have the most powerful GPU you can afford, in order to push upwards of 1080FPS+ even if it is at 720p. HKC is using a "FAST TN" panel for the new 1080Hz gaming monitor, with the ANTGAMER ANT257PQ MAX gaming monitor when used in its 1080Hz FHD mode, uses AI-powered image processing for extreme-speed FPS performance. The company will have its new 1080Hz gaming monitor beast on display at CES 2026, and the TweakTown team will be there hoping to get some hands- and eyes-on with the 1080FPS+ gaming monitor behemoth. Continue reading: HKC launches the world's first 1080Hz gaming monitor, for intensive 1080FPS gaming (full post) AMD's next-gen RDNA 5 GPU rumored for mid-2027 says leaker, will battle RTX 6090 Anthony Garreffa | Graphics Cards | Dec 27, 2025 8:17 PM CST AMD's next-gen RDNA 5 GPU family is back in the headlines, with fresh rumors that we'll see RDNA 5 sometime in mid-2027... close to the release of Sony's next-gen PlayStation 6 and Microsoft's next-gen Xbox consoles. In fresh rumors that AMD would have its next-gen RDNA 5 GPUs fabbed at Samsung Foundry, known leaker "Kepler_L2" said that RDNA 5 is being fabbed by TSMC on its N3P process node, and will release in mid-2027 in a series of new posts on X . AMD has its current-gen RDNA 4 GPUs fabbed at TSMC on its N5 (5nm) process node, but RDNA 5 on the new N3P process node will enjoy up to 18% higher speeds, a large 36% decrease in power consumption, and a 24% reduction in area. This is without all the tinkering that AMD is doing under the hood of RDNA 5, with some new technologies including "Universal Compression", "Neural Arrays", and "Radiance Cores". Continue reading: AMD's next-gen RDNA 5 GPU rumored for mid-2027 says leaker, will battle RTX 6090 (full post) Call of Duty may head to Nintendo Switch sooner than expected Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 27, 2025 3:33 PM CST Activision could release Call of Duty on Nintendo Switch sooner than expected, but it remains unclear which platform the game will drop onto--the Switch 1, Switch 2, or both? Back in 2023, Microsoft signed a legally-binding 10-year deal to release new Call of Duty games onto Nintendo platforms. The landmark deal was part of Microsoft's efforts to assuage regulators' worries that the $35 billion Call of Duty franchise wouldn't be made exclusive to Xbox--Microsoft made similar arrangements with NVIDIA and Sony. Since then, three Call of Duty games have released, and none of them have appeared on the Switch. Apparently, that's going to change soon. According to Windows Central's Jez Corden , the first COD game planned for Switch is almost finished and could release in just a few months. This is an extremely interesting development that could hint at multiple Call of Duty games coming to the Switch in 2026. Continue reading: Call of Duty may head to Nintendo Switch sooner than expected (full post) Cyberpunk 2 has a $400 million budget and will release in 2030, Polish analyst firm predicts Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 27, 2025 10:29 AM CST Cyberpunk 2 could be out in 2030, right in time to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Cyberpunk 2077. Polish analyst firm Noble Securities has made predictions on CD Projekt's upcoming Cyberpunk sequel. The group believes Cyberpunk 2 will be out by 2030 with multiplayer in tow, and based on what we know about the game, this feels like a valid prediction. Back in 2017, we reported that CD Projekt had received a multi-million dollar grant from the Polish government to add online multiplayer elements to Cyberpunk 2077. That didn't happen, and the online components had instead been moved to Cyberpunk 2. Another prediction: CD Projekt will spend 1.5 billion PLN on Cyberpunk 2's development, which is about $419 million. This is a huge sum for any video game, but bear in mind that CD Projekt positions its games to sell for years--in The Witcher 3's case, for over a decade. Continue reading: Cyberpunk 2 has a $400 million budget and will release in 2030, Polish analyst firm predicts (full post) 99% of EA shareholders vote in favor of $55 billion leveraged buyout Derek Strickland | Gaming | Dec 27, 2025 7:37 AM CST Over 201 million of EA's total ~203 million investors have voted in favor of selling all outstanding shares to a group of buyers led by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund. It's official: Electronic Arts, one of the last big AAA publishers in the video game industry, is going private. EA shareholders approved the megaton $55 billion buyout with a vote on December 22. According to the SEC filing , 99% of shareholders voted yes on the deal, with 1.9 million voting no. The buyout is being financed by a trio of big investors, but the principal funding will come from Saudi Arabia's PIF. As a result, it's estimated that the Saudis will receive a staggering 93% stake in EA . As part of the proposal, EA's management will remain intact and CEO Andrew Wilson will still lead the company. Continue reading: 99% of EA shareholders vote in favor of $55 billion leveraged buyout (full post) 1 2 3 4 ... 3215 Next » Join Our Newsletter Join the TweakTown Newsletter for daily tech updates delivered to your inbox. Plus, win an awesome prize every week in our exclusive subscriber-only global giveaways! Email Address Subscribe Now By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe anytime, and your data will not be shared without your consent. Newsletter Subscription Latest News Original id Software dev shares what it was like porting Doom to the Atari Jaguar Report: Halo 2 and Halo 3 remakes also planned in Unreal Engine 5 GTA 6 won't cost $100 but it could be made with AI, former Rockstar dev says Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora playerbase spikes by 553% following new Avatar: Fire and Ash movie PlayStation emulator ePSXe gets updated for the first time in 10 years CD Projekt sells GOG storefront for $25 million shortly after launching subscription service Helldivers 2 might follow in Destiny 2's footsteps with 'sequel-level' features via new updates HP preps new HyperX OMEN MAX 16, OMEN 16, OMEN 15 gaming laptops for CES 2026 PlayStation 6 and Xbox Next could be delayed: 'industry as a whole' concerned over RAM supply Intel's next-gen 'Jaguar Shores' Gaudi AI accelerator rumored to use new HBM4E memory View More News Latest Reviews ASUS ROG Matrix Platinum GeForce RTX 5090 Review - Unbeatable Performance, Stunning Design Dell Pro Plus Earbuds EB525 Review - Productivity Buds Next Level Racing GTRacer 2.0 Sim Racing Cockpit Review The Mask (1994) 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Review ASUSTOR AS5402T 2-Bay NAS Review - Fast 2-bay NAS performance XPG Pymcore SFX 80 PLUS Gold 850w PSU Review Sapphire Nitro+ B850A WiFi 7 review - Welcome back to the motherboard market! Antec Flux M Micro-ATX Chassis Review AOC Q27G4SL/WS Gaming Monitor Review - World's First 320Hz Gaming Monitor that Mimics Sunlight ASUS ROG Harpe II Ace Wireless Gaming Mouse Review - Performance, Comfort, and Versatility View More Reviews Latest Articles The Best Hardware for Running Local AI Cooler Master's QUBE 540 Case Unlocks the Creative, Modular Possibilities of DIY PC Building Create a Private, Secure Network Anywhere with a Portable Router ASUS ROG Valorant Tournament 2025 includes Giveaways, Steam Bundles, and Fantastic Deals 5 Surprising Things I Actually Use My Android Smartphone For GIGABYTE Black Friday 2025 Deals - Save Big on Ryzen Motherboards and the Aero X16 Laptop Cooler Master's 2025 Black Friday Deals - Fantastic Deals on Coolers, Fans, Cases, and More ASUS Black Friday Display Deals - Save Big on OLED, Gaming, Creator, and Portable Monitors 5 Clues Your PC's Cable Management Is Out of Control (and How to Clean It Up) GIGABYTE X870E AORUS Motherboards: Built to extract hidden performance from AMD Ryzen X3D CPUs View More Articles About Advertising Awards Contact RSS Feeds Newsletter Sitemap © 1999-2025 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. TweakTown® and its logo are registered trademarks. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Privacy Policy .