English繁體中文日本語한국어
WWM251115

Build your fighting style to match your rhythm—whether you thrive in the heart of melee, strike from afar, or move unseen in the shadows. Choose how you engage, and build a loadout that supports your playstyle.

Take control of fluid, responsive martial arts combat built around classic wuxia weaponry, skills, and strategy. Wield weapons both familiar and legendary—sword, spear, dual blades, glaive, fan and umbrella. Switch between weapons, bows, and mystic martial arts like Taichi to outmaneuver your enemies.

From bustling cities to forgotten temples hidden deep within emerald forests, the world flows with life—changing with time, weather, and your actions.

Uncover thousands of points of interests, discover over 20 distinct regions, interact with diverse characters, and engage with numerous authentic activities in a world that teems with life. Explore ancient cities, reveal forbidden tombs, play flutes beneath swaying willows, or drink under lantern-lit skies.

Explore China's Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, where political intrigue, power struggles, and epic battles shape the course of history. From the bustling heart of the imperial capital to the hidden corners of forgotten wilderness, every path is layered with secrets, sights, and stories waiting to be discovered.

Here, freedom is yours, but every action has its weight. Cause chaos, defy the law, and face bounties, pursuit, even time behind bars. Or walk a nobler path: befriend villagers, forge alliances, and grow your reputation as a hero of the Wuxia world. In a world torn by chaos, become the spark that ignites change and forge your legacy!

Build your fighting style to match your rhythm—whether you thrive in the heart of melee, strike from afar, or move unseen in the shadows. Choose how you engage, and build a loadout that supports your playstyle.

Take control of fluid, responsive martial arts combat built around classic wuxia weaponry, skills, and strategy. Wield weapons both familiar and legendary—sword, spear, dual blades, glaive, fan and umbrella. Switch between weapons, bows, and mystic martial arts like Taichi to outmaneuver your enemies.

From bustling cities to forgotten temples hidden deep within emerald forests, the world flows with life—changing with time, weather, and your actions.

Uncover thousands of points of interests, discover over 20 distinct regions, interact with diverse characters, and engage with numerous authentic activities in a world that teems with life. Explore ancient cities, reveal forbidden tombs, play flutes beneath swaying willows, or drink under lantern-lit skies.

JOIN THE COMMUNITY

Privacy Policy Terms of Use  

©2025 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC.
"PlayStation Family Mark," and "PS5 logo" are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment, Inc.

我們將透過信箱通知您第一手《燕雲十六聲》最新遊戲消息及活動資訊。
立即預約

我同意龍邑遊戲透過電子郵件寄送《燕雲十六聲》最新遊戲資訊。

我已閱讀並同意龍邑遊戲的《會員條款》和《隱私政策》

*Will be available on Windows, macOS, and Console. Please stay tuned!

請輸入您於招募問卷中填寫的電子信箱，以查詢測試資格。
每個測試帳號將於首次登入後綁定裝置，無法於其他裝置上使用。
測試時間： 7月25日 – 8月1日
査詢測試資格
提交
請至您的信箱查看下載說明。
前往 Discord 前往 Facebook

加入社群，掌握最新遊戲消息！

感謝您的熱情參與。
請持續關注社群，獲取更多遊戲資訊。
前往 Discord 前往 Facebook