Twinby - look at yourself psychologically. Articles FAQ Download Support support@twinby.com User agreement Privacy policy Consent to receive newsletters Policy cookies © 2025 Twinby 15М+ users Dating app based on psychological compatibility Download App Store Google Play About the app 01 Psychological Compatibility Tests Upon registration, every user takes a short Big Five test. It identifies the most important personality traits and the tendency to behave in similar ways across different situations. We use these traits to calculate compatibility. Later on Twinby, users can also take MBTI personality type and Jung attachment style tests. These tests make matches more accurate. Every few years, we expand the set of available tests. 02 Feed with Potential Partners After registration, users get access to a feed of other profiles. They can set partner criteria using filters, give likes and superlikes. A distinctive feature of the profiles in the feed is the compatibility percentage, which can even be 100%. 03 Compatibility Swipes on Twinby are intentional, not just based on photos. Compatibility levels are calculated from completed tests and shown immediately in the feed. After a match, you can instantly see where the couple is highly aligned and where more attention is needed. Over time, accumulated analytics allow us to further optimize recommendations. The Scientific Principles Behind Twinby The Twinby team is passionate about science — we have a dedicated research department and in-house psychologists. We don’t just match partners using scientific algorithms; we also regularly conduct studies. In addition, we collaborate with various brands to better understand how dating and falling in love actually work. Try now Compatibility is not just a match — it's a science Twinby matches people based on psychological tests and personality typology, creating connections through shared values, temperament, and communication style — not just photos. Personality type Big Five, MBTI, Jung are approved psychological models that reveal important personality traits and a tendency toward a certain style in relationships. Matching that works More than 1.5 million matches happen every week on the platform, and users send each other over 10 million messages. Core values We analyze compatibility in key aspects of life. Everyday life, romance, passion, and social activity are the components they include. Our articles How does self-esteem affect the quality of dates? How to Find a Partner on Dating Apps? Beware, He's a Red Flag! Are common interests necessary for successful relationships? Is love at first sight real? Read all A dating app based on psychological compatibility App Store Google Play Articles FAQ Download Support support@twinby.com User agreement Privacy policy Consent to receive newsletters Policy cookies © 2025 Twinby