St. Paul News, Sports and Things To Do | Pioneer Press Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 34°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 Today's Paper Home Page News News Business Best Reviews Crime & Public Safety Education Government & Politics Health National News World News Environment Local St. Paul Ramsey County Anoka County Washington County Dakota County Minnesota Wisconsin Sports Sports Minnesota Vikings Minnesota Twins Minnesota Wild Minnesota Timberwolves Minnesota Frost Minnesota Lynx Minnesota United FC College Sports Gophers Football St. Paul Saints Gophers Men’s Basketball High School Sports Outdoors Food Restaurants, Food and Drink Restaurant news Restaurant reviews Restaurant lists Recipes Takeout Things to Do Things to Do Books Movies & TV Arts Music and Concerts Restaurants, Food and Drink Theater Travel Treasure Hunt Winter Carnival State Fair Home & Garden Events Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columnists Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Subscribe Log In Logout Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up to submit an obituary To place an obituary, please include the information from the obituary checklist below in an email to obits@pioneerpress.com . There is no option to place them through our website at this time.
Feel free to contact our obituary desk at 651-228-5263 with any questions. General Information: Your full name, Address (City, State, Zip Code), Phone number, And an alternate phone number (if any) Obituary Specification: Name of Deceased, Obituary Text, A photo in a JPEG or PDF file is preferable, TIF and other files are accepted, we will contact you if there are any issues with the photo. Ad Run dates There is a discount for running more than one day, but this must be scheduled on the first run date to apply. If a photo is used, it must be used for both days for the discount to apply, contact us for more information. Policies: Verification of Death: In order to publish obituaries a name and phone number of funeral home/cremation society is required. We must contact the funeral home/cremation society handling the arrangements during their business hours to verify the death. If the body of the deceased has been donated to the University of Minnesota Anatomy Bequest Program, or a similar program, their phone number is required for verification. Please allow enough time to contact them especially during their limited weekend hours. A death certificate is also acceptable for this purpose but only one of these two options are necessary. Guestbook and Outside Websites: We are not allowed to reference other media sources with a guestbook or an obituary placed elsewhere when placing an obituary in print and online. We may place a website for a funeral home or a family email for contact instead; contact us with any questions regarding this matter. Obituary Process: Once your submission is completed, we will fax or email a proof for review prior to publication in the newspaper. This proof includes price and days the notice is scheduled to appear. Please review the proof carefully. We must be notified of errors or changes before the notice appears in the Pioneer Press based on each day’s deadlines. After publication, we will not be responsible for errors that may occur after final proofing. Online: Changes to an online obituary can be handled through the obituary desk. Call us with further questions. Payment Procedure: Pre-payment is required for all obituary notices prior to publication by the deadline specified below in our deadline schedule. Please call 651-228-5263 with your payment information after you have received the proof and approved its contents. Credit Card: Payment accepted by phone only due to PCI (Payment Card Industry) regulations EFT: Check by phone. Please provide your routing number and account number. Rates: The minimum charge is $162 for the first 12 lines. Every line after the first 12 is $12. If the ad is under 12 lines it will be charged the minimum rate of $162. Obituaries including more than 40 lines will receive a 7.5% discount per line. On a second run date, receive a 20% discount off both the first and second placement. Place three obituaries and the third placement will be free of charge. Each photo published is $125 per day. For example: 2 photos in the paper on 2 days would be 4 photo charges at $500. Deadlines: Please follow deadline times to ensure your obituary is published on the day requested. Hours Deadline (no exceptions) Ad Photos MONDAY – FRIDAY 9:00AM – 5:00 PM Next Day Publication Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 4:30PM Make changes by 5:00PM Must receive photo(s) by 4:30PM SATURDAYS 10:00AM – 2:00PM Sunday Publication Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 1:30PM Make changes by 2:00PM Must receive photo(s) by 1:30PM SUNDAYS CLOSED MEMORIAM (NON-OBITUARY) REQUEST Unlike an obituary, Memoriam submissions are remembrances of a loved one who has passed. The rates for a memoriam differ from obituaries. Please call or email us for more memoriam information Please call 651-228-5280 for more information. HOURS: Monday – Friday 8:00AM – 5:00PM (CLOSED WEEKENDS and HOLIDAYS) Please submit your memoriam ad to memoriams@pioneerpress.com or call 651-228-5280. Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search Twin Cities 34°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 Today's Paper News Local Sports Food Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds OUR PICKS: New MN laws NYE in St. Paul 2025 photos Newsletter pets Books of 2025 Emergency operations center Restaurants in review Craig Leipold Featured Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes The announcement comes after the $300 million scheme at the nonprofit Feeding Our Future. Strip citizenship, deport fraudsters? UMN professor says process lengthy, up to courts Year after kids rescued from Vadnais Heights fire, mother charged with child endangerment Photos of the year: Pioneer Press photographer John Autey reflects on 2025 In town for World Juniors? Here are some things to do besides watching hockey Latest Headlines Assistant fire chief tapped to serve as interim St. Paul fire chief 11 hours ago Dakota County woman shot on Christmas Eve was mom of 2 young kids 2 days ago Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 49 minutes ago Bicyclist, 26, dies after he’s struck by driver in St. Paul 18 hours ago MN paid leave applications open early statewide. Here’s how to apply. 17 hours ago Bitcoin Depot ATM network sues St. Paul for banning cryptocurrency kiosks 18 hours ago Former Vikings WR Stefon Diggs facing strangulation, assault charges 19 hours ago Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular Dakota County woman shot on Christmas Eve was mom of 2 young kids Dakota County woman shot on Christmas Eve was mom of 2 young kids As youth sports professionalize, kids are burning out fast As youth sports professionalize, kids are burning out fast Video alleging fraud in MN draws federal response; state casts doubt on it Video alleging fraud in MN draws federal response; state casts doubt on it Bicyclist, 26, dies after he’s struck by driver in St. Paul Bicyclist, 26, dies after he's struck by driver in St. Paul Former Vikings WR Stefon Diggs facing strangulation, assault charges Former Vikings WR Stefon Diggs facing strangulation, assault charges Ten years after a new firm was created to save Sears, only five stores remain Ten years after a new firm was created to save Sears, only five stores remain Why doesn’t St. Paul call snow emergencies sooner? Why doesn't St. Paul call snow emergencies sooner? Grand Marais grocery co-op worker charged with stabbing customer Grand Marais grocery co-op worker charged with stabbing customer Chisago City man charged with fatal Christmas Day assault of hospital security guard Chisago City man charged with fatal Christmas Day assault of hospital security guard Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes News Why doesn’t St. Paul call snow emergencies sooner? The answer involves more art than science, the city's public works director says. As youth sports professionalize, kids are burning out fast What new Jan. 1 laws mean for MN workers, immigrants, hunters and more Evie electric carshare seeks to expand, despite loss of federal grant Sports Recapping the Minnesota Twins’ chaotic 2025 After another second-division finish, the Twins made big changes in the front office and the clubhouse. What’s next for Vikings defensive coordinator Brian Flores? Gophers won’t retain special teams coach Bob Ligashesky Kendall Coyne Schofield scores twice as Frost beat Sceptres Restaurants, Food and Drink 2025 St. Paul restaurants in review: Openings, closures and coming soon We gained some favorites, lost some others, and look forward to dining out in 2026. Fancy main dishes without the time commitment 328 Grill to run a pop-up inside Alary’s during the World Juniors Hockey Tournament Cheese balls are back. How to make this classic party dish cool again Photos Photos of the year: Pioneer Press photographer John Autey reflects on 2025 With the violence and political turmoil of 2025, it was important to find quiet moments to portray. Here are some of the pets we featured in our newsletter in 2025 Here are the 2026 Winter Carnival buttons, designed by pointillist illustrator Randall Peterson Metrodome roof collapsed under 17 inches of snow 15 years ago Implosion takes down a nearly century-old Mississippi River bridge Watch: Lindsey Vonn’s remarkable World Cup downhill win at age 41 Photo gallery: Throwback Thursday Show More Photos Photos of Christmas celebrations around the world St. Paul Cops and Kids bring Santa, Mrs. Claus (and elves) to Children’s MN Rob Reiner’s life in photos Watch: Skydiver dangles at 15,000 feet after parachute catches on plane’s tail in Australia Photos of the FIFA World Cup draw for the 2026 soccer tournament Crime & Public Safety St. Paul homicides fell dramatically in 2025: How it happened, status of cases Here's a look back at the people killed and what police and prosecutors described in... Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers Grand Marais grocery co-op worker charged with stabbing customer Chisago City man charged with fatal Christmas Day assault of hospital security guard National News Florida’s rare and controversial black bear hunt kills 52 The Florida black bear population is considered one of the state’s conservation success stories. US applications for jobless benefits fell below 200,000 last week with layoffs historically low Today in History: December 31, Russian President Boris Yeltsin resigns Isiah Whitlock Jr., star of ‘The Wire’ and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 Things to Do Your guide to ringing in 2026 with New Year’s Eve in St. Paul From music to comedy to larger-than-life objects dropping from the sky Times Square-style, there's plenty... Great 2025 movie performances that won’t win any Oscars Review: ‘The Copenhagen Test’ asks: Who can you trust? Longtime fine art destination Grand Hand Gallery moving down Grand Avenue Politics Video alleging fraud in MN draws federal response; state casts doubt on it A video posted to social media platforms by YouTuber Nick Shirley shows what appear to... Mayor-elect Kaohly Her prepares to take St. Paul’s corner office Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants Opinion John Mannillo: Some friendly advice for St. Paul’s new mayor Get to the bottom of how the city currently is using — and in the... Letters: Overfed on materialism, starved for enchantment … Mary Ellen Klas: States are now the check on America’s executive Allison Schrager: 5 reasons to be optimistic about the 2026 economy Best Reviews The best doormats to keep floors clean There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,... Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Level up with the best Dell desktop computer The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Events Subscribe Digital Subscription FAQ Today’s Paper Obituaries Comics Puzzles Sitemap Contact Us Newsroom Contacts Pioneer Press Store Photo reprints Manage my account Privacy Policy Accessibility Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Marketplace Autos Homes Jobs Work With Us Advertise with us Network Advertising Special Advertising Sections Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group Close