Tech Podcasts From People You Trust | This Week in Tech | TWiT Primary Navigation Podcasts Club Blog Subscribe Sponsors More… Join Our Community Sign up for Club TWiT and get all of our podcasts ad-free, the TWiT+ bonus feeds, member-exclusive content, and access to our members-only Discord community. Try it free for two weeks! Explore the most exciting revolution humanity has ever seen Meet the AI pioneers, inventors, and innovators who are about to disrupt every aspect of modern life. On Intelligent Machines , you'll learn what's real and what's hype, and you'll come away with a deep understanding of the intelligent future that awaits us all. Top journalists & experts breaking this week's tech news Tech News Weekly brings you interviews from tech journalists who make or break the top stories of the week. Get an in-depth look at the fast-paced world of technology and how it is changing our lives. Subscribe today! Advertise on TWiT.tv TWiT's host-read ads stand out. Connect with our highly engaged, affluent, tech-savvy audience today . Current threats, risks, and tech breaches everyone is facing in security Security Now could be the most important show you watch all week. Security guru Steve Gibson guides us through the minefield of ransomware, viruses, cyber espionage, hacking, etc. Your window into Microsoft Take a deep-dive into all things Microsoft. Windows Weekly delivers sharp commentary and nuanced discussions on Microsoft's new hardware, software, services, enterprise, planned launches, and insider information. What is TWiT? The #1 source for tech news, reviews, and info you need to use technology today. See our full list of podcasts . This Week in Tech Join Leo Laporte and an ever-changing panel of experts as they discuss the who, what, and why of tech news on TWiT's flagship podcast . X All TWiT.tv Shows Leo Laporte brings some of the most interesting personalities in technology together to talk about the most important issues. Fun, relaxed, informative and always entertaining, count on TWiT for the best tech podcasts in the world. New episodes are posted frequently. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X This Week in Tech Hosted by Leo Laporte This Week in Tech is the top-ranked flagship tech podcast from TWiT.tv. Every Sunday, Leo Laporte and a roundtable of insiders explore the week's hottest tech news from AI to robots, and PCs to privacy. When it comes to tech, TWiT is IT. Records live every Sunday at 5:15pm Eastern / 2:15pm Pacific / 22:15 UTC. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Security Now Hosted by Steve Gibson , Leo Laporte Cybersecurity guru Steve Gibson joins Leo Laporte every Tuesday. Steve and Leo break down the latest cybercrime and hacking stories, offering a deep understanding of what's happening and how to protect yourself and your business. Security Now is a must listen for security professionals every week. Records live every Tuesday at 4:30pm Eastern / 1:30pm Pacific / 21:30 UTC. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X MacBreak Weekly Hosted by Leo Laporte , Andy Ihnatko , Jason Snell MacBreak Weekly covers all things Apple: Leo, Andy Ihnatko, and Jason Snell analyze every bit of news from the most interesting company in tech. From AI to Vision Pro, iPad to iPhone, these Apple experts know-all and tell-all. Records live every Tuesday at 2:00pm Eastern / 11:00am Pacific / 19:00 UTC. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Windows Weekly Hosted by Leo Laporte , Paul Thurrott , Richard Campbell Windows Weekly is about more than Windows. Veteran Microsoft insiders Paul Thurrott and Richard Campbell join Leo for a deep dive into the most valuable company in the world. From consumer to enterprise, AI to Xbox, Windows Weekly is the only Microsoft podcast you'll ever need. Records live every Wednesday at 2:00pm Eastern / 11:00am Pacific / 19:00 UTC. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Intelligent Machines Hosted by Leo Laporte , Jeff Jarvis , Paris Martineau The 21st Century began with the rise of the Internet and social media. The next decade will mark the rise of the Intelligent Machines. AI will inhabit all our devices from cars and appliances to smart phones and robots. The Intelligent Machines podcast explores the most exciting revolution humanity has ever seen, filled with promise and peril. More than ever we need to understand what these new devices will bring to our lives and how to make best use of them as the 21st century unfolds. On this show you'll meet the AI pioneers, inventors, and innovators who are about to disrupt every aspect of modern life. You'll learn what's real and what's hype, and you'll come away with a deep understanding of the intelligent future that awaits us all. Records live every Wednesday at 5:00pm Eastern / 2:00pm Pacific / 22:00 UTC. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Tech News Weekly Hosted by Mikah Sargent Industry expert Mikah Sargent, brings you interviews from tech journalists who make or break the top stories of the week. Get the freshest perspective and in depth insight into the fast-paced world of technology from Tech News Weekly . Records every Thursday at 2:00pm Eastern / 11:00am Pacific / 19:00 UTC. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Hands-On Tech Hosted by Mikah Sargent Welcome to Hands-On Tech , where host Mikah Sargent turns tech troubles into tech triumphs. Each episode zooms in on a specific theme, unpacking listener questions with expert analysis and easy-to-follow advice. From decoding the latest gadgets to simplifying everyday tech, Mikah's got you covered. Submit your tech queries through email at HOT@twit.tv or via TWiT's social media. You might hear your question answered on air! Whether you're puzzled by privacy settings or curious about cutting-edge innovations, Hands-On Tech is your weekly dose of tech insight and inspiration. Join Mikah every Sunday to hear the show that turns tech confusion into tech confidence! You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes every Sunday. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X iOS Today Hosted by Mikah Sargent , Rosemary Orchard Join Rosemary Orchard and Mikah Sargent for iOS Today , TWiT.tv's podcast for all things iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, and more! From app reviews to helpful tips and tricks, from the latest news to the coolest accessories, Rosemary and Mikah will help you make the most of all your iOS devices. Submit your Apple device and shortcut queries through email at iOSToday@twit.tv or via TWiT's social media. You might hear your question answered on the show! You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes every Thursday. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X This Week in Space Hosted by Rod Pyle , Tariq Malik The new space age is upon us, and This Week in Space leaves no topic untouched. Every Friday, join Editor-in-Chief of Ad Astra magazine, Rod Pyle and Managing Editor of Space.com , Tariq Malik as they explore everything related to the cosmos. You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes posted every Friday. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Home Theater Geeks Hosted by Scott Wilkinson Get the most out of your home theater with the latest advances, product reviews, and all things audio and video. Every Thursday, Scott Wilkinson shares his expertise, energy, and enthusiasm about how to make your A/V system sound and look its best. In this short-format podcast, Scott brings you news, reviews, interviews, and commentary, and answers your questions. Submit your home theater queries through email at HTG@twit.tv or via TWiT's social media. You might hear your question answered on the show! You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes every Thursday. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Hands-On Apple Hosted by Mikah Sargent Hands-On Apple explores and explains the Mac — and beyond! From clever Terminal commands to little-known iOS settings, Mikah Sargent shares all the best tips and tricks for your Mac, iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. You'll get all the details on Apple's apps and the best apps in the App Store, you'll learn about awesome accessories for your Apple devices, and you'll explore updates to Apple's operating systems — including iOS, macOS, iPadOS, and watchOS. Hands-On Apple is your one-stop shop for Apple know-how. You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes every Thursday. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Hands-On Windows Hosted by Paul Thurrott Hands-On Windows , featuring Paul Thurrott, will help you adapt to the changes made in Windows 11. From visual tweaks to performance boosts Hands-On Windows will show you how to get the most out of your Windows 11 PC. You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes every Thursday. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Untitled Linux Show Hosted by Jonathan Bennett The Untitled Linux Show covers the week's hottest Linux news for desktop, gaming, and even enterprise. ULS is the weekly update you don't want to miss, from the latest kernel development to the updates on your favorite apps! Each episode finishes with a killer command line tip from each host. You can join Club TWiT for $10 per month and get ad-free audio and video feeds for all our shows plus everything else the club offers...or get just this podcast ad-free for $5 per month. New episodes are recorded live every Saturday in the Club TWiT Discord. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X TWiT+ Clips TWiT+ Clips is a bonus feed for Club TWiT members only. Get behind-the-scenes with pre- and post-show content and extras from TWiT tech podcasts. You might be surprised with unexpected exclusives along with witty and informative tech talk. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X TWiT+ Club Shows TWiT+ Club Shows is home to Club TWiT's regular club-exclusive programming such as Photo Time with Chris Marquardt , Mikah's Crafting Corner , Stacey's Book Club , and the AI User Group . Check the Club TWiT Discord for event recording times. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X TWiT+ News Get the latest headlines before anyone else. The TWiT+ News feed is your front-row seat to breaking news, keynote coverage, conference panels, and real-time tech events delivered quickly. New episodes published when news breaks. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Total Leo Hosted by Leo Laporte A compendium of podcasts from the Chief TWiT, Leo Laporte. This feed includes all of Leo's audio or video releases and sometimes includes his appearances on other podcasts. One feed to serve them all. New episodes are posted whenever Leo does a new episode on TWiT.tv. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe X Total Mikah Hosted by Mikah Sargent A compilation of podcasts from TWiT.tv host, Mikah Sargent. Subscribe to this feed to get access to all the TWiT.tv audio and video episodes featuring Mikah. Episodes are available via podcast feed subscription. Latest Episodes View all Subscribe Latest Tech Podcasts iOS Today 783 Best of 2025 Choosing the New Models Worth Your Money Tech News Weekly 418 Best of 2025 Tech News Weekly's Favorite Interviews in 2025 Intelligent Machines 851 Intelligent Machines Best of 2025 Our Favorite Interviews from 2025 Tech News Windows Weekly

#964 Dec 28 2025 - Happy New Year! Paul & Richard Get Toasty by t… MacBreak Weekly

#1005 Dec 28 2025 - Best of 2025 MacBreak Weekly's Favorite Hi… Help & How-to Security Now

#1058 Dec 28 2025 - A Gift for the New Year Vitamin D Revisited Security Now

#1057 Dec 23 2025 - GhostPoster Free VPNs, Hidden Risks Tech Reviews iOS Today

#782 Dec 18 2025 - App Store Awards: Apps Winners for All Your Apple Devices… Home Theater Geeks

#512 Dec 18 2025 - OTA TV Over-The-Air Television Is Still a… Latest Posts TWiT Newsletter December 29, 2025 Catch Up, Go Ad Free, and Shape What’s Next How to Transfer Your Old TiVo Recordings to Your PC Hands-On Tech helps you rescue your favorite TV recordings from your old TiVo devices by walking through the latest working tools and techniques for PC transfers. What Space Superiority Means for Artemis, Mars, and U.S. Leadership in Space On This Week in Space , discover how recent White House policy is shaping NASA’s future missions and military ambitions. About TWiT Tech Podcasts Covering the latest technology developments since 2005, TWiT.tv (This Week in Tech) has the unique distinction of being one of the world's first all-tech podcast networks. We are known for our expert analysis, unfiltered opinions, and fearless podcast hosts. Get breaking tech news, future trends, security and privacy, political and regulatory developments all wrapped into fast-paced, informative, and entertaining podcast episodes. Plus, you'll get tech reviews, recommendations, tips, and how-tos from the very best in the industry. Founded by Leo Laporte and based near the heart of Silicon Valley in Northern California, our network is the home of our original tech podcasts of the geeks, by the geeks, for the geeks. Check out the full list of podcasts here and subscribe. There you will find tech podcasts for Apple and iPhone enthusiasts, Linux users, and Enterprise IT pros. Listen to our podcasts on hidden features, Windows deep-dives, cybersecurity, IoT, and artificial intelligence. Also, get reviews on smartphones and laptops, recommendations on the best apps, plus help and how-tos with your tech questions. As an independent media source specializing in tech, our programs are informative, honest, engaging, provocative, and cater to the tech enthusiast. Our shows are available in audio and video. TWiT's technology programming Our programming delivers tech news podcasts, live streams, and YouTube videos with expert insight, reviews, and analysis of all matters tech. Knowledgeable, opinionated, and always entertaining, our network is committed to comprehensive coverage of the tech world. Anchored by Leo Laporte's long-running series This Week in Tech , our lineup features a diverse set of journalists and experts who specialize in different subjects and niches of the tech industry. Our podcasters provide unique insight based on unparalleled experience in the tech field. With fresh content daily, our network always has something new for the listener. Our weekly podcasts feature animated discussions and sharp analysis about the latest tech developments, products, and gadgets, including our acclaimed weekly roundtable of tech journalism's most informed writers and reporters. TWiT.tv's lineup includes several nationally acclaimed and popular podcasts: This Week in Tech - Our flagship program with founder Leo Laporte features analysis and commentary from tech experts and journalists in a roundtable discussion of current news and trends and niche topics in the tech industry. Security Now - Steve Gibson, security expert and the inventor of the first anti-spyware program, sits down with Leo every week to discuss the latest cybersecurity threats and how to stay safe. MacBreak Weekly - Leo, Andy Ihnatko, Alex Lindsay, and Jason Snell break down the latest developments from Apple. From new iPhones, laptops and Macs, to new services, Apple Silicon chips, and insider reports, no Apple topic is left unturned. Windows Weekly - Veteran Microsoft insiders Paul Thurrott and Richard Campbell join Leo for a weekly look at Windows, Xbox, Office, Azure, and everything else Redmond has to offer. Intelligent Machines - Explore the AI revolution that will transform our lives in the coming decade. Join hosts Leo Laporte, Jeff Jarvis, and Paris Martineau as cut through the hype and gain a deep understanding of the intelligent future that awaits us all. Hands-On Tech - Mikah Sargent turns tech troubles into tech triumphs. Each episode zooms in on a specific theme, unpacking listener questions with expert analysis and easy-to-follow advice. From decoding the latest gadgets to simplifying everyday tech, Mikah's got you covered. Tech News Weekly - Hosted by  Mikah Sargent, Tech News Weekly takes an in-depth look at some of the week's biggest and most important tech news. The podcast features interviews with tech journalists and experts breaking or making the news worldwide. This Week in Space - Every Friday we take a deep dive into a fascinating topic. What’s happening with the new race to the moon and other planets? When will SpaceX or NASA really send people to Mars? With a non-stop flow of new episodes and our deep catalog of shows available for download, you'll always find something new to watch, hear, and learn on the TWiT.tv podcast network. Why follow TWiT? Experience. Leo Laporte's original This Week in Tech is one of the very first podcasts dedicated to all things tech. At TWiT.tv, we gather some of the most knowledgeable experts and journalists to dive deep into tech news and trends, including the newest innovations and developments, the business of tech, privacy, geopolitics, policies, and ethics related to tech. Our podcasts offer a lineup of diverse pundits you won't find in any other single source. Independence. We're a fully independent podcast network. TWiT.tv is completely free of editorial influence from corporate or business interests, large or small. That freedom lets us cover the tech world without bias or distortion — and makes us unafraid to cover controversial, hot-button topics with honesty and candor. Variety. Innovation in technology happens by the hour. No other business sector has as many different branches, companies, or thought-leaders. At TWiT.tv, we cover them all. With at least one podcast for every major topic in tech, you're sure to find at least one show on our network that matches your interests. Knowledge. As technology's reach continues to grow, tech sector workers and consumers alike need all the information they can get to keep up with the latest developments. Our shows keep you fully updated on tech. We empower you with information to make decisions, demystify the most complex topics, and help you take advantage of all that the future of tech has to offer. Subscribing to TWiT.tv All of our programming is available on-demand for free any time, day or night, on all the major podcatchers like Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Pocket Casts, Player FM, and more. Subscribing to our podcasts is the simplest way to make sure you receive all the latest news. You'll get the newest episodes directly on your smartphone, tablet, laptop, or desktop. Each show is available in audio and video formats. From the website: All episodes and live streams are viewable straight from our website . Go to the page for the podcast that you want, and you'll see a "subscribe" button that takes you to all the options for video and audio podcasts. Podcatchers: Search for TWiT.tv shows on any of the popular podcast platforms: Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn, iHeartRadio, Overcast, and more. Each service will send you updates when a new episode goes live. RSS feeds and links: We offer syndication feeds for both video and audio of all our shows on our subscribe page. Just copy and paste the URLs into your preferred podcatcher. If you want to get your podcasts ad-free and also unlock access to exclusive content, consider joining Club TWiT where, you can get ad-free podcasts, exclusive content, and access to our private Discord server. Tech Podcasts See the full list of TWiT Tech Podcasts Current Shows How to listen Inside TWiT Newsletter Sign up and know what's happening Inside TWiT Advertise on TWIT.tv We are always interested in new advertisers who have products that would benefit our audiences. Hosts Leo Laporte Mikah Sargent TWIT.tv Store Check out the latest shirts, hats and gear at twit.tv/store Contact Advertise CC License Privacy Policy Ad Choices TOS Store Twitter Facebook Instgram YouTube Yes, like every site on the Internet, this site uses cookies. So now you know. Learn more Hide Home Schedule Subscribe Club TWiT About Club TWiT FAQ Access Account Members-Only Podcasts Update Payment Method Connect to Discord TWiT Blog Recent Posts Advertise Sponsors Store People About What is TWiT.tv Developer Program and API Tip jar Partners Social Contact Us