PLAY PARENTS EDUCATORS RESOURCES SUPPORT 
JOIN FOR FREE LOG IN
Coding For Kids and Teens Made Easy

Tynker is the fun way to learn programming and develop problem-solving & critical thinking skills. Our new bundles include up to 3 kids and all 3 Tynker Apps!

GET STARTED FOR FREE
Over 5,000 Award-Winning Lessons

Tynker empowers millions of students and serves thousands of schools worldwide.

Mod Minecraft

Make your own skins and experience basic Minecraft modding with Tynker.

Learn Python

Learn to code browser-based games using Python, pen drawing and Turtle graphics.

Explore AI

In this exciting elective course, you’ll explore artificial intelligence and machine learning — with JavaScript.

EXPLORE ALL COURSES
Empower the Next Generation with Tynker —
Unleash Creativity and Innovation in Kids Everywhere
Approved by Educators. Loved by Kids
Story Based Lessons

Kids learn with block-based coding before transitioning to text-based languages like JavaScript and Python.

Built-in Tutorials

Tynker’s interactive lessons break down coding fundamentals as they solve fun puzzles.

Interactive Assessments

Quick practice quizzes and assessment tests evaluate’s a child’s comprehension of subjects taught.

EXPLORE CURRICULUM
Great for All KIDS!

“I’m really grateful to Tynker for making a form that such small kids can understand.”

- Anila, Parent
Celebrating Success

“I had a student who was amazing at Tynker. He got an A+. He came to me, smiling from ear to ear – He was so proud of his accomplishments.”

- Kyleigh, Teacher | Philadelphia, PA
Builds Problem-Solving Skills

“Tynker helps in abstract thought having to look at something and break it down into its parts and elements.”

- Samantha, Parent
Builds Confidence

“Code Jam has given him the confidence to know that he can be successful when he puts his mind to it and has allowed him to be an independent learner.”

- Mary, Parent
Anyone can teach

“Don't be afraid to teach it just because you don't have a background in computer science – anyone can learn with a visual programming language like Tynker.”

- Laura, Teacher | Cordova, TN
Great Investment

“My husband and I really think Tynker was such a great investment for our kids.”

- Jolene, Parent
Amazing Creativity

“Gabrielle is very creative and Tynker gave her a creative outlet.”

- Meredith, Parent
Best Program

“I started doing research about a good platform. And then I found Tynker and I said, ‘That's the one’.”

- Emilia, Parent
Love love love!

“Thank you for all the time and hard work to let us experience code!“

- Rebecca, Teacher
Passion for Coding

“I think Tynker has helped him develop a passion for coding.”

- Mary, Parent
Major Leg Up

“I’m really excited for him when he gets to the high school coding because he will have a major leg up.”

- Nathan, Parent
Build Independence

“When she codes she does it independently. She doesn’t ask for help and she’s going to be independent in the future.”

- Miriam, Parent
Highly Effective

“They’ve learned so much just by the Tynker programs, they understand all the concepts to coding already.”

- Della, Parent
Future Success

“In the future, I think coding, no matter will be as important as knowing how to type or use a computer.”

- Daniel, Parent
Prepared for Future

“Gabby is definitely better prepared for the future now. The coding knowledge, patience, and analytical skills she learned will be very helpful.”

- Gracel, Parent
Improves Math Skills

“She sees the relevance in her other subjects, whether math or art or something else.”

- Samantha, Parent
Safe for Kids

"I know that if he’s working with Tynker, it’s a good place, he’s not going to run into any dangers online.”

- Robert, Parent
Why Should Kids Learn to Code with Tynker?

Because technology is so integrated into virtually every aspect of our lives, learning about it is more important than ever. Our coding platform makes it convenient and fun for kids and teens to gain knowledge that will serve them well throughout their lives. You can count on our trusted methods to help them develop and grow their capabilities with computers.

Tynker isn’t just for schools and coding camps, though. Parents who value STEM education and want their children to know how to code should know that our kids programming platform can be used at home, too. Tynker offers a range of coding for kids solutions with icon-coding for pre-readers, block-based coding, and advanced courses in Python, JavaScript, data science, art, and image processing. There are quarterly, yearly and lifetime plans which include access for up to 3 children, and our online classes for all ages are an excellent way for them to gain the supplemental STEM skills needed for their future.

CODING BENEFITS
Top 10 Reasons to Code
Kids Coding Basics
Develop 21st Century Skills
Download eBooks on Coding
CODING GUIDES
What is Coding for Kids
Coding with Minecraft
Coding with Electronic Kits
Coding with Connected Toys
More Coding Resources
TYNKER HIGHLIGHTS
What’s New in Tynker?
COVID-19 Impact report
Meet our Featured Makers
Seasonal Coding Projects
Celebrating Women in STEM
CODING IN SCHOOLS
K-12 School Plans
AP Computer Science Principles
AP Computer Science A
Remote Learning
K-12 Success Stories
Trusted by Leading Brands

Our methods for learning to code all are provided within a safe, moderated community that is built around encouraging students to gain confidence in their abilities and do so without fear of failure.

From Our Blog
Back-to-School Prep Guide: Set Your Family Up for Success
View Article
Coding for Kids: A Guide to Fun and Learning
View Article
From Coding to Curiosity: Rethinking Higher Education’s...
View Article
Innovative Coding Frontiers with Tynker School in 2024
View Article
Frequently asked questions
Is coding good for kids?
We're living during a high-tech revolution, witnessing life-changing advancements in medicine, environmental conservation, and much more. At the core of all these amazing projects and discoveries is CODE. Code can be the thing that differentiates your child from peers and allows them to stand out as an asset for companies when they are looking for employment. The children who learn to code today will become the creators of the technology tomorrow. Learning how to code can help children make a major contribution to the world that they live in and make a lasting impact.

As kids and teens learn to code, they also build essential skills like critical thinking, logic, and problem-solving. They learn to logically sequence events, create playable games, tell good stories, and model real situations. They also learn computational thinking by developing algorithmic and design thinking abilities. Coding for kids has become an essential element of a child's education and an excellent way to express their creativity and imagination.
How do I start my child coding?
Coding, otherwise known as programming, is a creative activity for all children. Your child might not care about writing data processing algorithms, but they might enjoy creating games, programming music, designing websites, or just playing with code. Learning to code is for everyone; you don't have to be good at math or a "techie" to learn how to code. Kids as young as five can learn to code and pick it up faster than most adults.

When your kids are starting, pick a program like MIT's Scratch or Tynker Junior app. The visual style of these programs makes it easy for young children to learn to code. Scratch and Tynker have a graphical interface that works. Drag-and-drop code blocks snap together. Pieces of code that don\'t make computational sense won't fit together, making syntax errors impossible.

Older children can learn to code with Python by building games, art, music, and more. Some programs like Tynker offer a placement test to set your child on the right track for their age and experience level.
What age is best to introduce coding to kids?
Every child learns at their own pace. They can learn different subjects at varying rates and ways. Experts believe that children should learn coding at an early age. According to MIT, the best age for kids to start learning coding languages such as Scratch Jr or Tynker Jr is from 5 to 7. Many programs allow your children to progress at their own pace or hire an instructor to help them move along.

With Tynker, a placement test will place your child on the correct path based on age and skill level, and Tynker supports children up to age 18 with real-world text languages like Python and JavaScript. Children progress to more difficult coding courses with the support of interactive tutorials and video instructions at their own pace.
Which is the best coding for kids program?
With so many great services available, learning to code has never been easier! For example, Scratch and Tynker provide innovative visual coding languages that make coding fun. Coding is a great way to broaden your child's worldview and develop their creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills. Here are a few coding for kids options to review:

Game-based learning—Game-based platforms such as Tynker and the challenges on CodeHS motivate kids to use code to complete game levels.

Online courses—Enroll in a Python or JavaScript course on CodeHS or Tynker. Tynker offers advanced courses like Processing 1, using p5.js to introduce the foundational concepts of art and computer science.

Use a book—Learn by following along with books like Mission Python, Super Scratch Programming Adventure, or Coding with Minecraft. Tynker has a series of super-informative coding activity books, including Code These Games, Code These Minecraft Mods, and Code This Art.


Why is coding needed?
Coding is the method of giving a computer instructions to perform a specific task. You may also hear coding referred to as software programming or computer programming. These instructions are communicated using a language that computers can understand, like visual blocks, JavaScript and Python.

Coding for kids lays the groundwork for our world's technology, from microprocessors in everyday items like refrigerators and water heaters to sophisticated programs that run our cars and buildings. Learning to code is a great opportunity for children of all ages to develop their problem-solving and critical thinking skills, while building the necessary focus and organization to see projects through to completion.

Coding usually begins with drag-and-drop visual programming in which children connect blocks together to make programs. Visual programming teaches the fundamental concepts without typing or syntax by placing the focus on the logic behind the code. Once they've learned the basics, children can transition to real-world programming languages like Python, JavaScript, and C.

From online coding courses and games to offline learning, from in-person coding instruction to live online tutoring, there are endless coding resources available. The best coding platforms and programs like Scratch, CodeHS, and Tynker give children of all ages and experience levels the ability to code while making the process fun and engaging.
Why should we use Tynker coding for kids?
Tynker is the world’s number one coding platform for children ages 5 to 18 for a reason—it works! Tynker powers the creativity of over 100 million students and serves thousands of schools and educators worldwide.

Tynker’s award-winning, gamified courses and coding for kids activities encourage kids to complete projects as they have fun, allowing them to progress from novices to experts using languages like Python. Tynker’s interactive lessons have built-in tutorials for all ages and skill levels. Our highly-rated mobile app (4.7 stars) lets students take Tynker on the go. Learning how to code with Tynker unlocks and empowers children’s creativity, teaching them life-long skills they can use today and into the future.
How do I teach my 7 year old code?
Learning to code is for everyone; you don't have to be good at math or a "techie" to learn how to code. Kids as young as five can learn to code and pick it up faster than most adults. Tynker Junior is a fun, interactive way to spark your kid's interest in coding. Kids (ages 5-7) learn coding basics by connecting picture blocks to move their characters. Tynker's immersive game-like coding courses and interactive lessons with built-in tutorials are perfect for beginners 5+ through experts 18+.
What options are there for coding for teens?
CodeHS has a curriculum for high school students. View CodeHS for more information.

Tynker has coding for kids courses that align with subject standards like CCSS-ELA, CCSS-Math, NGSS and CS standards such as CSTA, ISTE, CA CS, UK National Curriculum, and several state-level standards like TEKS.

Tynker is recognized by College Board as an endorsed curriculum provider for AP Computer Science Principles and AP Computer Science A.
ABOUT

Tynker is the world’s leading K-12 creative coding platform, enabling students of all ages to learn to code at home, school, and on the go. Tynker’s highly successful coding curriculum has been used by one in three U.S. K-8 schools, 150,000 schools globally, and over 100 million kids across 150 countries.

RESOURCES
Blog
About Us
Support
Press
Jobs
Mobile Apps
Sitemap
Coding eBooks
Forum
Store
PARENTS
Overview
Curriculum
Give a Gift
Redeem
Why Coding
Featured Makers
Plans & Pricing
Coding eBooks
Summer
PLAY
Coding Games
Minecraft
Minecraft Skins
Minecraft Skin Editor
Minecraft Mobs
Minecraft Blocks
Minecraft Add-ons
Minecraft Items
Minecraft Mods
Code Jam
Hour of Code
EDUCATORS
Overview
School Curriculum
Free Classroom
Elementary
Middle School
High School
AP CS Courses
K-2 School
K-8 School
Standards Alignment
PD
Hour of Code
STEM Projects
Request a Quote
 Tynker is part of CodeHS Terms & Conditions PRIVACY POLICY Kids & Online Safety About Us Contact Us