Learn Touch Typing Free - TypingClub Toggle navigation TypingClub Get Started School Edition Store Language Español Español (LATAM) български Čeština Deutsch فارسی Français עברית Magyar Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Português Русский Slovenčina Svenska 中文 Dvorak typing One Hand Typing Login Learn Touch Typing Free. Get Started What is TypingClub? TypingClub is the most effective way to learn how to type. It is web based and highly effective. TypingClub is (and will always be) free for both individuals and schools. There is an optional paid school edition. TypingClub is a product family of edclub. Get Started Now 23 million + Students 50,000 + Schools & Districts 300,000 + Teachers How Does it Work? Keep practicing each lesson until you get all five stars. It really doesn't take much to learn, a few minutes a day for one to two weeks and you will be a pro! Do I need an account? You do not need to create an account. However, as you go through the lessons, you can create an optional profile in order to save your progress. Inside TypingClub All the reasons to start learning how to type right now It's a game. An engaging and interactive experience while you are learning how to type. Proper hand posture guide. Will show you the correct hand posture on every key as you type. Levels, Badges and Stars. All the reasons to keep you going, and build your muscle memory. Accessibility. TypingClub is the most accessible typing program available. Interactive experience. A full range of experiences from games, videos and different typing challenges makes learning fun. Voice over. Once you turn it on, every word is read out loud as you are typing each word. Typing Playback. You can view your past performances and even play them back. Google for Education Partner. TypingClub is a Google for Education Partner 100% Online. All you need is a keyboard and a web browser. Get Started More Lesson Plans Dvorak Typing lesson plan for a standard Dvorak keyboard from beginner to advanced. Includes games, videos and other interactive lessons. Learn more. Typing for Kids Jungle Junior is a specialized lesson plan created with young learners in mind. Learn more. Left Hand & Right Hand Typing lesson plan for learning how to type with the right and left hand on a QWERTY keyboard. Animated Story Typing Series Going Solo Lauren is nervous before her big flight test. Join her and her helpful friend on a journey to find the confidence she needs to go solo. Learn more. Ava & the Rabbit Travel with Ava on a magical adventure as she explores her mysterious friend's world, and learns more about her own in the process. Learn more. Perfect Match Join Alex on an out-of-this world journey as he helps his mysterious new friend get back home. Learn more. Language Series Spanish Students can learn touch typing with hundreds of lessons in Spanish, including games, videos and the entire student experience in Spanish. Learn more. French Students can learn touch typing with hundreds of lessons in French, including games, videos and the entire student experience in French. Learn more. German Students can learn touch typing with hundreds of lessons in German, including games, videos and the entire student experience in German. Learn more. For a full list of languages, visit our lesson plan catalog . Introducing a whole new Spelling & Vocabulary lesson plan series for grades 3-8. Check it out here . The amazing TypingClub School Edition TypingClub School Edition is the most powerful and popular software used by teachers, schools and districts. Learn more New release and product announcements Subscribe to receive updates subscribe 50,000+ Schools and Districts Some of the districts that use edclub © TypingClub - 2011-2025 1701 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Suite 200 Washington, DC 20006 If you have any questions about the program, you may reach out to us at [email protected] . Contact [email protected] Phone: 202-609-9919 Toll Free: 1-800-712-8895 Fax: 1-240-772-5885 Privacy Policy Terms of Service School Edition Find Your School Tutorials Individual Premium Edition About us