Products & ServicesSolutionsSupportCompany
Sign in
quick links

u-center

Positioning chips

Community

High precision

Shop

Investor
relations

Markets & Applications
Automotive & Transport
Healthcare
Asset Tracking & Management
Industrial Automation & Monitoring
ADAS

AD levels evolution: zooming in at functionalities and safety.

Learn more
OEM telematics

Telematics and the road to holistic connectivity: vehicle information data transforms the driving experience.

Learn more
Aftermarket telematics

Optimize fleet management, enhance reliability, and drive smarter.

Learn more
Events

25 November 2025, webinar

The Future of Secure Positioning and Timing: Insights from Jammertest 2025

Join our experts from u-blox for an exclusive deep dive into the results and insights from Jammertest 2025, held in Andøya, Norway.

Register now!

7-9 October 2025

Intergeo. 2025. Frankfurt

Intergeo Expo and Conference is the world’s leading trade fair for geodesy, geoinformation, and land management, and it returns to Frankfurt am Main from 7 to 9 October 2025.

Learn more

4-6 November 2025

Embedded World North America. 2025. Anaheim, California.

From November 4–6, u-blox will be in Anaheim, California, for the second edition of Embedded World North America, and we’re bringing all our new technologies with us

View the recording

30 September 2025, webinar

From complexity to compliance: simplifying global cybersecurity regulations for IoT manufacturers

Join the u-blox and NXP webinar on September 30, 2025: from complexity to compliance - learn how to navigate global cybersecurity regulations for IoT devices, reduce risk, and speed up market entry.

Register now!

Join Our Hands-On Seminars Across Europe!

We're excited to invite you to a series of hands-on seminars hosted by u-blox in collaboration with our distribution partners. Taking place in various cities across Europe this May, June and July 2025, these workshops are designed to introduce our new high precision GNSS product – the ZED-X20P.

Check the details!

10 June 2025, webinar

Democratizing Centimeter-Level GNSS Precision for All Applications

Check the details!

20 February 2025, webinar

Exploring Bluetooth® LE with Channel Sounding: Accurate and Secure Distance Measurements for Wireless Modules

This webinar was hosted by u-blox in conjunction with Nordic Semiconductor.

View the recording
Careers

Our strength comes from our people. We strive to give our employees the best environment to collaborate, innovate, learn, and grow.
Don’t wait any longer and join us!

Working at u-blox
Job openings
News
Press Releases
Use cases
Blog Entries
Whitepapers
Case Studies
SIG 2.00 GNSS firmware launched

95%-confidence geolocation for Wi-Fi 6E/7/8 access points.

Learn more
u-blox launches JODY-B1

the automotive Bluetooth module enabling multiple simultaneous connections.

Learn more
Launch of UBX-M10150-KB and MAX-M10N

firmware-upgradeable meter-level GNSS with up to 50% lower power consumption.

Learn more
Investor relations

Our smart and highly reliable solutions, services and products let people, vehicles, and machines determine their precise position and connect wirelessly over cellular and short range networks to the cloud.

Stay informed on our latest announcements and learn what is yet to come.

Learn more

We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide Social media features, and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. More Information: Privacy Policy

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies