Jump to navigation
Jump to content
Visit
Request Info 
Search
Explore UAB
About
Admissions
Academics
Research
Arts
Opens an external link.
Patients
Athletics
Opens an external link.
Apply Now
Welcome to UAB

We’re committed to supporting people across our community, city, state and world in education, research and patient care. Our world-class university and academic health system are dedicated to improving the human experience.

Visit
Request Information
Defined by Excellence and Achievement

UAB’s comprehensive academic programs are rigorous, interdisciplinary, and useful. Our expert faculty provide a supportive learning environment that fosters curiosity, encourages innovative thinking, and cultivates lifelong learning.

Browse Degrees
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Online Programs
Ready to Become a Blazer?

No matter what you're looking for, we have a pathway that's perfect for you. Find your UAB future today.

Apply Now
 
 

REAL IMPACTS

By the Numbers
$775M
Research grants and awards
240+
Degree and Certificate Programs
$12.1B
Annual Economic Impact
Transforming Lives,
Every Day

Our integrated research and clinical platforms ensure that breakthroughs in the lab translate to patient care at the bedside. And our comprehensive academic ecosystem elevates collaboration and creativity to benefit people across our institution and around the world.

Research
Patient Care
Academics
A Bold Vision

As UAB continues its transformative growth, we are newly aligned around a refreshed visual identity that reflects our values, mission, and institutional pride. We embrace our future with a unified brand that for the first time in our history, will be used across the university, medicine and athletics.

The City is Your Classroom

What’s better than a lush, green college campus? One that’s surrounded by the state’s largest metro area. At UAB, you can have it all: 300+ student organizations, engaging events, robust athletics programs, service opportunities, and hundreds of employers right outside your door.

About UAB
Student Life
Athletics
Looking for your path?
Browse Degrees
Scholarships
Latest News

Stay informed about the latest happenings at UAB. From groundbreaking research discoveries to exciting campus events, we capture it all.

More News
•
Dec 29, 2025
Best of student art on show: 50th Annual Juried Student Exhibition at UAB’s AEIVA
•
Nov 20, 2025
FDA approves oral version of weight-loss drug semaglutide, UAB researchers react
•
Dec 22, 2025
Get creative with new classes from ArtPlay
The University of Alabama at Birmingham
1720 2nd Ave South
Birmingham, AL 35294
Contact Us
ABOUT UAB
Apply
Degrees
Give
News
Events
Careers
Alumni
Nondiscrimination Statement
Cookie Settings
Contact UAB 
opens a new website
Privacy 
opens a new website
Terms of Use 
opens a new website
Site Login 
 2025 The University of Alabama at Birmingham
Privacy at UAB

We use cookies to improve our site, personalize content and serve more relevant advertising on other platforms. Find out more about privacy at UAB

Cookie Settings Reject All Accept