UA Little Rock - UA Little Rock - UA Little Rock Skip to the content For Current Students For Faculty and Staff University Directory UA Little Rock's site search requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please refresh the page and/or check your browser's JavaScript settings. SEARCH MENU Academics Academics Homepage Majors and Programs Undergraduate Programs Online Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Graduate Programs Bowen School of Law Resources Academic Calendar Academic Catalog Class Search Transcripts Register for Classes Admissions and Aid Admissions and Aid Homepage Applying to UA Little Rock Steps to Apply Admission Deadlines Events and Campus Tours Request Information Majors and Programs Cost and Financial Aid Cost to Attend Financial Aid Payments and Deadlines Scholarships Resources and Information Academic Calendar Ask UA Little Rock Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Student Experience Student Experience Homepage Campus Student Experience Center Student Organizations and Greek Life Housing Dining and Meal Plans Fitness Center and Recreation Trojan Athletics Resources and Information Maps and Directions Library Bookstore Ask UA Little Rock Campus Safety Student Support Jobs on Campus Tutoring and Academic Support Health and Wellness Advising Research Research Homepage Students Getting Started Research Opportunities Student Research News Faculty and Staff Centers and Labs Faculty Research News Resources Community Impact Community Impact Homepage Resources How We Impact the Community In The News Corporate Partners Workforce Development Apply Now For Current Students For Faculty and Staff University Directory Expect More For Your Future Learn how we’re making college affordable for everyone. Get Started Jan. 20 Spring Semester Begins 74% Of Students Receive Financial Aid 100+ Degree Options 11:1 Student to Faculty Ratio Explore Our Majors and Programs UA Little Rock offers more than 100 undergraduate and graduate degrees that will challenge you and prepare you for a fulfilling career. View All Majors and Programs Undergraduate Programs Explore your interests and choose from more than 60 majors and programs. View List of Majors and Programs Graduate Programs Pursue an advanced degree and move forward in your chosen field. Explore Our Graduate Programs Undergraduate Certificates Earn a certificate and enhance your skill set. Get Started with a Certificate Online Programs Explore the online undergraduate degrees and take classes on your own schedule. View the Online Degrees Affordable Excellence and Innovative Internships UA Little Rock is one of the most affordable public universities in the state. At least 74% of our students receive financial aid each year. The half-off scholarship allows first-time freshmen to receive up to 50% off their tuition and fees. We’re committed to making education affordable for all. Explore Scholarships Cost to Attend The UA Little Rock Experience There are endless opportunities when you attend college in the capital city. From networking with leaders and participating in internships, to having outdoor adventures and making lifelong connections, you really can have it all in Little Rock. UA Little Rock was the only school I considered attending. Being close to home was a top priority. Attending college here has taught me how to relate to people with all sorts of experiences from all over the world, so the networking skills I’ve gained will be a huge benefit for me in my career. -John Rainwater Master of Business Administration Graduate Student My experience at UA Little Rock has made me a better citizen, student, and all-around person. The opportunities I’ve had studying abroad have widened my worldview. My professors, above all else, are the ones that have led me through this journey and deserve the most credit. -Owen Haynes Political Science Major I’ve always had a dream of opening my own practice, so I decided to go back to school and get the graduate certificate in business. I’m a mom and I go to school at night. There’s a lot of resources put into place to help nontraditional students. -Mercades Parker Graduate Certificate in Business Graduate Student Leader in Innovative Research We’re proud to be a doctoral research university with more than 20 research centers. Research News Little Rock’s Team We’re the proud home of the Little Rock Trojans and 15 NCAA Division I sports teams. All year long, our student-athletes are breaking records in competition and in the classroom – showing their continued commitment to academic success. Grab your maroon and bring your family and friends to come support the Trojans this season! Get Tickets University News December 17, 2025 UA Little Rock Engineering Student Gains Global Experience Through Internship in Ireland Alex Tarpley, a junior civil and construction engineering major, spent the summer interning in Dublin, Ireland, where he gained life-changing experience that expanded his outlook on life, sharpened his professional … UA Little Rock Engineering Student Gains Global Experience Through Internship in Ireland December 17, 2025 UA Little Rock Historian Rings in America’s 250th with Research on Replica Liberty Bells December 16, 2025 UA Little Rock Alumna Kelsey Norton Advances Dental Hygiene Education Through Service and Leadership December 16, 2025 Bizzell Family Honors Generational Commitment to UA Little Rock with $25,000 Enduring Opportunity Scholarship December 16, 2025 UA Little Rock Student Brings the World of Insects to Life with New Augmented Reality App View All News Search News Upcoming Events View All Events January 1, 2026 Little Rock Women’s Basketball vs Tennessee Tech View Event Details January 1, 2026 Little Rock Men’s Basketball vs Tennessee Tech View Event Details January 3, 2026 Little Rock Women’s Basketball vs Tennessee State View Event Details Student Support We know you may need a little help from time to time. Whether it’s getting help studying for a test, making career plans, advice on staying healthy, or talking to a counselor, UA Little Rock is committed to going the extra mile to help you be successful. Request Tutoring Get Support from the CARE Team Focus on Fitness Talk to Counseling Services University of Arkansas at Little Rock UA Little Rock is a metropolitan research university in the South that provides accessibility to a quality education through flexible learning and unparalleled internship opportunities. Contact Information 2801 S. University Ave. Little Rock, AR 72204 501-916-3000 Campus About Alumni Association Careers Directions and Parking Emergency Information Trojan Athletics Apply Plan a Visit Request Info Give UA Little Rock is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy