The University of Baltimore Skip to content open search search Submit close search Menu Academics Submenu Explore All Programs Undergrad Academics Graduate Academics Professional Pathways Libraries Learn Online At UBalt Early College Initiatives Classes & Registration Admission & Aid Submenu First-Year Undergraduate Admission Transfer Admission Graduate Admission Law Admission International Admission Apply for Readmission Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Visit & Connect Student Life Submenu Get Involved Housing Student Support Campus Resources Campus Traditions Events Calendar About Submenu Mission & Strategic Plan Why UBalt? About Baltimore Diversity & Inclusion UBalt Initiatives News & Stories Faculty & Staff Directory Offices & Services Centers, Clinics, and Institutes Directories Submenu Faculty Directory Staff Directory Programs Apply Visit Give Request Information MyUBalt Information For Business Leaders & Employers Alumni Community Members Current Students Military / Veterans International Students Faculty & Staff Schools & Colleges Merrick School of Business School of Law College of Public Affairs Yale Gordon College of Arts & Sciences UBalt at the Universities at Shady Grove Libraries Robert L. Bogomolny Library Law Library Different By Design Programs Apply Visit Give Video: montage of various students on UBalt campus pause video A New Century Unfolds Close dialog A New Century Unfolds Looking back is pretty special, but it's talking about the future of the University that matters the most. The University of Baltimore spent 2025 celebrating its first 100 years. Now, we look to a future of opportunity. Read Full Story Class invites fresh perspective on art, belonging Close dialog Class invites fresh perspective on art, belonging It was just one of the most interesting and engaging and worthwhile courses that I've ever taken. As part of her Arts in Society class and her own research, Dr. Rachael Zeleny invited her students for a portrait session in the Walters Art Museum. Then she turned her students into their own museum exhibit. Read Full Story Real estate agent builds network, skills in business program Ryan Khondokar B.S. in Business Administration student Close dialog Real estate agent builds network, skills in business program Everybody was on their own path, but it felt like everybody was together, reaching a common goal of doing well in the class. Ryan Khondokar is a real estate agent looking to build his network and skills in UBalt's business program. Read Full Story Ryan Khondokar B.S. in Business Administration student Holistic MBA proves key step toward consulting business Anderson Lattimore CERT '22, MBA student Close dialog Holistic MBA proves key step toward consulting business I needed it to break through the glass ceiling of proverbial middle management. Anderson Lattimore had a feeling he was destined for more than his current job demanded. Time and an MBA could get him where he wanted to be. Read Full Story Anderson Lattimore CERT '22, MBA student Support, mentorship boost ‘the hero’s journey’ Alan Lyles professor, College of Public Affairs Close dialog Support, mentorship boost ‘the hero’s journey’ At 73, I want to be clear-eyed in terms of where the runway ends for me, and affirm that all the extra work was worth it. … It has been a richly rewarding and meaningful life. Alan Lyles would become the first in his family to earn a college degree. He would go on to earn another bachelor’s degree, a professional pharmacy degree, a master’s in public health and a doctor of science. Read Full Story Alan Lyles professor, College of Public Affairs Center director channels world of experience in international human rights law Janet Lord executive director, Center for International and Comparative Law Close dialog Center director channels world of experience in international human rights law My proudest accomplishment was having the unbelievable privilege and opportunity to participate in the drafting of the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. Janet Lord brought invaluable experiences and knowledge in international human rights law to The University of Baltimore School of Law when she started as executive director for the Center for International and Comparative Law in November 2023. Read Full Story Janet Lord executive director, Center for International and Comparative Law A New Century Unfolds Class invites fresh perspective on art, belonging Real estate agent builds network, skills in business program Ryan Khondokar B.S. in Business Administration student Holistic MBA proves key step toward consulting business Anderson Lattimore CERT '22, MBA student Support, mentorship boost ‘the hero’s journey’ Alan Lyles professor, College of Public Affairs Center director channels world of experience in international human rights law Janet Lord executive director, Center for International and Comparative Law All Stories Formed By Baltimore Forging Our Future 70+ Undergraduate, graduate, and certificates programs. Academics Top 10% for advancing the economic and social mobility of students Student Support # 2 Most affordable university in Maryland Admission and Aid Find Your Path Business and Entrepreneurship Communication and Design Cybersecurity, Gaming and Technology Law, Justice and Public Affairs Psychology, Health and Human Services Explore all Programs NEWS AT Ubalt December 18, 2025 Voices of Gratitude: Michael Jones, B.S. ’24 December 23, 2025 MPA Student: 'The Most Dedicated People I Know Are My Public Service Colleagues' December 22, 2025 Catch Up on UBalt's Latest Rankings All News Events At UBalt 5 January Fall 2025 Grades Due 6 January Campus Tour 10 - 11:00 AM 8 January Campus Tour 10 - 11:00 AM All Events Passion Fuels Our Purpose Programs Apply Visit Give The University of Baltimore 1420 N. Charles St. Baltimore, MD 21201 The University of Baltimore 1420 N. Charles St. Baltimore, MD 21201 General Information 410.837.4200 Office of Admission 1.877.ApplyUB Quick Links Consumer Information Web Accessibility Parking Map & Directions Policy Guide Privacy Statement Campus Safety Title IX Job Listings © The University of Baltimore is part of the University System of Maryland. ©