UBC Web Design Ballarat – Website Development Company Home About Folio Services Blog Contact Explore Home About Folio Services Blog Contact UBC Web Design - Victoria based Website Design and Hosting Web Design & Development Whatever you are looking for, we have a website solution to fit your needs. Here at UBC Web Design our team can help develop anything from a simple one page website for a market stall or cafe menu, all the way through to an online shop with thousands of products. Whatever you can dream up, we can build! Browse through our portfolio and get in touch with us to discuss your needs. View our Portfolio Web & Email Hosting Website and Email Hosting is just one service of many we offer. You can quickly be setup with your own Australian based hosting for your website, blog, online storage or to get personal or professional email linked with your business. Our hosting features 99% uptime, regular offsite backups, 24 hour monitoring and most importantly, they are quick for you and your customers. Read More Domain Names A domain name is an internet address that is used to navigate visitors to your website and the information and service you have to offer. Your domain name can be just about anything you like, so long as someone else hasn't already beaten you to register. You're able to register your own domain name pretty easily at domain.ubcwebdesign.com.au , or give our office a call and we'll take care of registration for you, on top of that we'll monitor when it's coming up for renewal and keep it going for you. Register Your Domain Share This 36,480 Coffees, Tea & Soft drinks 76 Years of Experience 1,160 Projects Worked Lost Count of Lines of Code A bit about us We strive to be a leader in web design and development. UBC Web Design takes pride in working with businesses of all sizes as well as individuals and organisations, with our focus on small to medium businesses, especially those in regional areas who otherwise might miss out. We also work with many businesses outside Aust… Read More Get in touch! Office (03) 5345 8141 Email info@ubcwebdesign.com.au Address 65 Scott Parade, Ballarat East, VIC 3350 Contact Us Operating Hours Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm Weekends Closed Public Holidays Closed 2005 - 2025 © UBC Web Design | www.ubcwebdesign.com.au - All Rights Reserved | Design by UBC Web Design | Sitemap | Terms of Service // //