Skip to main content
Canonical Ubuntu
Products
Use cases
Support
Community
Download Ubuntu
All Canonical
Sign in
Open Source Storage for Enterprises

A strategic handbook for cloud storage excellence, scalability, and resilience in the era of open source solutions

Download Now How to reduce cloud storage costs? ›

The Standard Support period for Ubuntu 20.04 LTS has ended. Discover your options.

Take action today

Modern enterprise open source

Security, support, and managed services from
the publisher of Ubuntu.

Get Ubuntu Pro Access a 30-day free trial ›

Latest news from our blog ›

19 December 2025

A better way to provision NVIDIA BlueField DPUs at scale with MAAS

19 December 2025

MicroCeph: why it’s the superior MinIO alternative (and how to use it)

18 December 2025

Design and Documentation clinics at FOSDEM Fringe 2026

Spotlight

Canonical announces Ubuntu Pro for WSL 
Energize your engineers

Better security. More packages. Newer tools. All your open source, from cloud to edge.

Loved by developers and trusted by enterprises. Ubuntu is the first pick for organizations to support their software infrastructure and the OS chosen by 66% of experienced developers. (HackerEarth, Developer Survey, 2020)

Authentically open source
Secure by design
A release cadence you can depend on
Stability through long term support

That’s why Ubuntu supports the fastest, biggest, and most successful digital operations.

Download our guide to adopting Linux securely in your enterprise ›

Build your AI models on Ubuntu ›

Open source security

Ubuntu Pro is more than Linux.
Security and compliance for the full stack.

Secure your open source apps. Patch the full stack, from kernel to library and applications, for CVE compliance. Governments and auditors certify Ubuntu for FedRAMP, FISMA and HITECH.

Up to 15 years of security maintenance

Kernel Livepatch for 24/7 patching with no downtime

Expanded security for infrastructure and applications

FIPS 140-2 cryptographic modules certified by NIST

Cyber Resilience Act (CRA): Meet your CRA requirements

DISA/STIG hardening for DoD compliance

CIS profiles for cyber defence and malware prevention

Secure all your open source

Significant enterprise savings

Sustainable open source at the lowest cost, everywhere.

Rethink what’s possible with Linux and open source. Companies engage Canonical to drive down open source operating costs. Automate everything: multi-cloud operations, bare metal provisioning, edge clusters and IoT.

No mandatory subscriptions for Ubuntu
Security, support, and fully managed infra and apps
Public cloud, data center, edge cluster, and appliances
Long term maintenance commitment
Transparent pricing for enterprise and ISV
Switch from VMware to OpenStack

Let’s talk open source

Public cloud optimization

Most public cloud instances are Ubuntu, for performance and security.

 
 

Optimized kernels for AWS, Azure, Google, Oracle, IBM

FIPS, CIS hardening and CVE fixes with Ubuntu Pro

Minimize rolling reboots with Kernel Livepatch

Network & storage performance optimization

GPU enablement for machines and containers

Pay-as-you-go billing, no more licenses

Enterprise support and Expanded Security Maintenance

Cloud workload migration service

Containerization and cloud-native migration service

Fully managed application service

Learn more Contact us ›

Multi-cloud Kubernetes and containers

AKS. EKS. GKE. Kubeadm. MicroK8s. Charmed Kubernetes.

All on Ubuntu.

 
 
 
 
Support for all public cloud Kubernetes
On-prem MicroK8s, Charmed K8s, kubeadm
Fully managed Kubernetes on-prem or public cloud
Model-driven Kubernetes Operators
Full stack support for apps, Kubernetes and OS
K8s architecture and deployment consulting
Cloud-native workload migration services
GPU enablement for AI/ML workloads
Bare metal, OpenStack and VMware
Pluggable CNIs, CSIs, CRIs, and third-party tools

Learn more Contact us ›

Carrier–grade private cloud

Operate private cloud the smart way – supported or fully managed.

 
 
 
 
 

15 year security maintenance and support

Hyperconverged or segregated architecture

Encryption at rest for GDPR, HIPAA, FedRAMP

Wide choice of SDN and storage

Upgrades and day-2 operations, automated

Integrated logging, monitoring, and alerting

Platform and infrastructure hardening

High availability

Carrier-grade NFVI

Learn more Contact us ›

Ultra secure things

Ubuntu Core with transactional updates for a better embedded Linux.

 
 
 
 
OTA compressed updates for apps, kernel, and OS
Automatic rollback and data snapshots
Managed private app stores for secure fleet management
DevSecOps pipeline for edge app delivery
Built-in device recovery and remote disk repair
12 year security maintenance for every device
Provable system and software integrity
Secure boot backed by root of trust
Full disk encryption with hardware keys
Support for real-time compute
FIPS certifiable embedded Linux

Learn more Contact us ›

Workstations and desktops

Optimized AI/ML and cloud devops.
The professional developer’s preference.

 
 
 
 
 

Active Directory and LDAP integration

Full disk encryption

Security updates for the full open source stack

Estate monitoring and management

Configuration lockdown

Local Kubernetes for offline development

Instant Ubuntu on Windows and macOS with WSL and Multipass

Optimized images and certified workstations

Learn more Contact us ›

Data center automation

Turn a rack into a bare metal cloud.
Metal-as-a-Service provisions Windows, ESXi, and Linux.

 
 
 
 
 

Bare metal cloud with on-demand servers

Remote edge cluster operations

Infrastructure monitoring and discovery

Ansible, Chef, Puppet, SALT, Juju integration

Super fast install from scratch

VMWare ESXi, Windows, CentOS, RHEL, Ubuntu

Custom images with pre-installed apps

Disk and network configuration

API-driven DHCP, DNS, PXE, IPAM, provisioning

LDAP authentication and RBAC

Learn more Contact us ›

Smart robots of all shapes and sizes

From turtles to trucks, Ubuntu drives the robot revolution.

 
 
 
 
 

Full support for ROS and ROS2

Security patches for long-term ROS

Fault tolerant over-the-air updates

CIS certification

Trim time-to-market with SMART START consulting

Leading Robot-as-a-Platform ecosystem

Curated app stores

Learn more Contact us ›

Multi–cloud applications – beyond PAAS

Universal model-driven operators for classic and Kubernetes estate.

 
 
 

Operate smoothly across public and private cloud

Reusable integration code as open source packages

Python Operator Framework for rapid development

Bring the K8s operator pattern to classic workloads

Lifecycle management and Day 2 operations

Open collection of community-driven operators

Learn more about universal operators

OpenStack
What is OpenStack Install Support
Ceph
What is Ceph Managed Consulting Docs Install
Kubernetes
What is Kubernetes Managed Install Docs Resources
Managed infrastructure
Managed apps Firefighting Support
AI / ML
Consulting Data Science
Robotics
ROS ESM What is ROS Community Docs
IoT
App store Embedded Linux Management
Ubuntu Core
Features Success stories Services Docs
Ubuntu Desktop
Organizations Developers Flavors WSL
Ubuntu Server
Hyperscale Docs
Cloud
What is cloud computing What is private cloud What is hybrid cloud What is multi-cloud Public cloud
Security
Platform Security ESM Livepatch Security standards CVEs Notices Assurances
Landscape
Features Managed Compare Install Docs Log in to Landscape
Containers
What are containers Chiseled Ubuntu Chiseled and .NET Container Build Service
Downloads
Desktop Server Core Cloud
Support
Your subscriptions Account users Pricing Discourse
Pricing
Desktops Devices
Solutions
AI
Data
Infrastructure
Managed Infrastructure
Open source security
IoT and devices
Cloud native development
Sectors
Automotive
Industrial
Public sector
Telco
Finance
Contact us
About us
Community
Careers
Blog
Resources
Press centre
 
 
 
 
 
 

© 2025 Canonical Ltd.

Ubuntu and Canonical are registered trademarks of Canonical Ltd.

Legal information
Data privacy
Manage your tracker settings
Report a bug on this site
Go to the top of the page
Your tracker settings

We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember preferences. We also use them to measure campaign effectiveness and analyze traffic on our websites. By selecting ‘Accept‘, you consent to the use of these methods by us and trusted third parties. For further details or to change your consent choices at any time see our cookie policy.

Manage your tracker settings Accept all