International Online Shopping Store for Premium & Luxury Brands | Buy Imported Goods at Ubuy Indonesia Brands     Categories Download Our App Delivery : IN English EN Account Explore Categories Brands us Global US UK EU CHINA Japan Hongkong Korea Turkey Download Our App Download the App for A Smoother Shopping Experience Explore Best Deals & Offers Get upto 20% Discount on Your First Purchase Use Code - UBAPP Know more about Ubuy App Indonesia ID Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Maldives Philippines View All Countries English EN English bahasa Indonesia Account Welcome Sign in Create an Account Your Orders Track Order Your Wishlist 0 Hongkong Hongkong Switching between stores will remove products from your current cart. YES NO Industrial Tools Built for Strength, Crafted for Excellence Auto Parts and Gear Gear Up for the Road Ahead Computer H/W Electronic Store Tech That Keeps You Ahead The Warm Edit Store Feel the Warmth, Love the Style Pet Essentials For the love of pets and the joy they bring Order From GLOBAL US UK EU CH JP HK KR TR 100% Money Back Guarantee Lowest Overall Order Cost Premium & Luxury Brands Worldwide Shipping 300M+ International Products INTERNATIONAL ONLINE SHOPPING MADE EASY AT UBUY Indonesia Health & Supplements Toys & Games Musical Instruments Home & Kitchen Industrial Supplies Beauty & Personal Care Electronics Fashion Baby Essentials Grocery & Gourmet Food Office Supplies Sports Outdoor & Fitness Automotive Household Supplies Pet Supplies Arts Crafts & Sewing Books Gardening Supplies TOP SELLING US Store Designs for Health Emulsi-D3 Synergy 2000 IU Vitamin D Liquid with Vitamin K - Emulsified Liquid D3 K2 Drops for Immune System Support & Bone Health - Gluten-Free + Non-GMO (55 Servings / 1.8oz) US Store Plantronics - Blackwire 3220 - Wired Dual-Ear (Stereo) Headset with Boom Mic - USB-A to connect to your PC and/or Mac US Store TATTU R-Line Version 6.0 6S Lipo Battery 22.2V 160C 1480mAh Lipo Battery Pack with XT60 Plug for Racing(ST stick version) US Store First Alert 1039759-GCO1CN-6 DC Plug-in Carbon Monoxide Detector Battery Back-Up US Store Nu Nerve Healthy Formula – NuNerve Liquid Drops All Natural Healthy Levels Extra Strength Reviews (2 Pack – 2 Month Supply) US Store Sqwincher Zero Qwik Stik - Sugar Free Electrolyte Powdered Beverage Mix, 50 Count Bag, 2 Pack (100 Sticks Total) (Strawberry Lemonade) US Store Sqwincher Zero Qwik Stik Strawberry Lemonade Electrolyte Hydration Mix - 50pk US Store BRIOTECH Pierce Spray, Hypochlorous Acid, Gentle Piercing Aftercare, Calm Redness & Itch, Reduce Bumps, HOCl Saline Spray, Contact Free, No Rinse, Alcohol Free, 4 fl oz (2 Pack) US Store Vetoquinol Azodyl Kidney Health Supplement for Dogs & Cats, 90ct - Probiotic Pet Wellbeing - Help Support Kidney Function & Manage Renal Toxins - Renal Care Supplement - Easy-to-Swallow Small Caps US Store Green Led Emergency Strobe Beacon Lights with Magnetic Mount and 8 Flash Models Warning Safety Flashing Rooftop Signal Lamps for Vehicles Forklift Truck Tractor Golf (24-LED 12V-24V) US Store Bubs Goat Milk Infant Formula Stage 2, Infants 6-12 months, Made with Fresh Goat Milk, 14.1 oz US Store Folinic Acid Leucovorin Bioactive Form of Folate Alcohol Free 30ml,Speech Delay PREMIUM BRANDS IN TRENDS AT UBUY Indonesia Kirkland Signature Minoxidil Fuel your follicles with long-lasting density and confidence See Collection Harley Davaidson Find Authentic Accessories Keep Your Motorcycle in Top-Notch Shape See Collection Now Boost Your Health with NOW Supplements See Collection Ninja Enhance Your Kitchen with Smart Appliances See Collection Lifetrients Premium Supplements, Focused on Purity & Quality See Collection Standerd Process Nourish Your Body with Pure, Whole Food Supplements See Collection Stanley Enhance Your Outdoor Experience with Ubuy’s Trusted Picks See Collection Kirkland Enrich Your Body with Quality Supplements See Collection EXPLORE PREMIUM & LUXURY BRANDS & PRODUCTS FROM THE OVERSEAS MARKET IN Indonesia Men Smartwatches Hair Care Perfume & Fragrances Kitchen Dinnerware & Serveware Gardening Hand Tools Baby Feeding Dog Supplies Hottest Brands View All Calvin Klein Mattel Games Oxy Takis Maisto Neoprosone Similac Dwyer Diet Coke HYUNDAI Bandai PicassoTiles Zanco LATTAFA Mold Armor Rogaine Sharp-Pog GNC Skechers Canon Anker Fontana Pure-Encapsulations Carlyle Casio Top Categories View All Men T-Shirts Toy Board Games Toy Dedicated Deck Card Games Face Moisturizer Creams Blended Vitamin & Mineral Supplements Kids Plush Toy Pillows Soda Soft Drinks Action Figure Toys Mobile Phones Sleep Supplements Hair Color Watches Active Wear Collagen Supplements Air Freshener Supplies Children Books Vitamin D Supplements PREMIUM PRODUCTS FROM WORLDWIDE STORES IN Indonesia Buy Imported Products From US Buy Imported Products From UK Buy Imported Products From Japan Buy Imported Products From Europe Buy Imported Products From Hong Kong Buy Imported Products From Korea Buy Imported Products From China Buy Imported Products From Turkey Small Kitchen Appliances View All Kitchen Waffle Irons Cookware Sets Kitchen Rice Cookers Specialty Tools & Gadgets Ice Cream Machines Blender Replacement Parts Kitchen Waffle Irons Cookware Sets Kitchen Rice Cookers Specialty Tools & Gadgets Ice Cream Machines Blender Replacement Parts Top-Rated Household Supplies View All Household Cleaning Dishwashing Supplies Laundry Supplies Carpet Cleaners Air Freshener Supplies Stain Remover Household Cleaning Dishwashing Supplies Laundry Supplies Carpet Cleaners Air Freshener Supplies Stain Remover MOST POPULAR ENERGY DRINK BRANDS NOW AVAILABLE IN Indonesia View All US Store Prime Hydration Drink US Store Bang Energy Drink US Store ZOA Energy Drink US Store NOS Energy Drink US Store Lucozade Energy Drink US Store Rockstar Energy Drink US Store Reign Energy Drink US Store Ghost Energy Drink US Store Nocco Energy Drink GIFT IDEAS International Gifting Store Buy Your Favorite Gifts Online & Send Abroad to Your Loved Ones Gift Now US Store VTech Bluey Shake It Bluey Toy with Lights and Music for Kids Ages 3-6 US Store Shower Steamers Aromatherapy Blriet, Stocking Stuffers for Women, Teen Girls, Wife and Her LATEST DEALS US Store Redken Extreme Length Biotin Shampoo For Longer Hair US Store LEVOIT Classic 160 Top-Fill Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier Daily Deals Best Offers from UBUY Get Upto 15% off* USE CODE: UBFIRST Shop Now US Store 2-Pack 5% Minoxidil Hair Growth Serum US Store Basketball Hoop Indoor for Kids(4-12 Years Old), Over The Door Basketball Hoop with Scoring, Countdown and Music Accompaniment, Christmas Toys US Store PlayStation 5 Pro Console US Store LEGO Botanicals Lucky Bamboo Building Set - Artificial Plant for Indoor Home Décor, Adults Ages 18+ - Fake Plant Decoration for Table, Desk, Office - Gift for Birthdays - 10344 NEW LAUNCHES US Store Light Up Guitar Pick Holder with 6 Guitar Picks, Acacia Wood & Acrylic Guitar Headstock Shaped Pick Holder Case for Guitar Pick Storage & Display US Store KitchenAid Beacon Two-Tone Non-Slip Mini Oven Mitt Set, Aqua Sky, 5.5"x8", 2 Piece US Store Interactive Dog Toys Dog Ball, Durable E-TPU Material,3 Play Modes with Colorful Lights US Store LAPGEAR Home Office Pro Lap Desk with Wrist Rest, Mouse Pad, and Phone Holder - Black Carbon - Fits up to 15.6 Inch Laptops - Style No. 91598 US Store SNDOAS Black Range Hood 30 Inch,Stainless Steel Wall Mounted Kitchen Hood with Touch Controls, Ducted/Ductless Convertible,Chimney-Style Stove Hood Vent for Kitchen,Baffle Filters,Black Painted Finish US Store Portable Clothes Dryer, Clothes Dryer hold 9-12 Items, With Time Setting、Remote Control, Portable Dryers For Laundry, Apartments, RV, Travel, Low noise、Energy Saving、 Wrinkle Resistant US Store Portable Bottle Warmer for Travel: Large 12oz Capacity with Dual Heating Modes for Breast Milk & Water, Fast Heating Smart Temperature Control, Portable Milk Warmer Gifts for New Mom Purple US Store Brita Standard Water Filter Replacement, BPA Free, 4 Count Top Searches US Store Owlet Dream Sock - FDA-Cleared Smart Baby Monitor US Store Sticker Printer, PrintPods Mini Printer, Bluetooth Portable Sticker Maker with 3 Rolls Paper, Print Pod Inkless Thermal Printers for iphone, Impresora Portátil for Notes, Journal, DIY, Kids Gift Subscribe and receive Discount upto 15% on your first purchase. Please enter a valid email address. Select Gender Male Female Other Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Andries Venter Verified Customer I bought a coffee filter from the UK. The vendor used DHL to deliver it to me. It only took 5 days from the UK to my house in South Africa - excellent service!!! Andre Verified Customer Wide selection of many things. Got it in a week from order date. Great courier service used. Nice that al cost is included. Great notification of where parcel is. Joanna Trzcinski Verified Customer I love my new cloths they excellent don’t live marks on glass even mirrors. I just wish I can afford more so i can give them to others they can try how good they are. Posted is very expensive Julie Verified Customer I am from France I receive my product in time a new one as on the description Perfect ! I REALLY recommand Ubuy thay could permit to transport product from other countries and find the rare pearl So Thank you Ubuy 5 *****/5***** Ong Chuan Jin Verified Customer First time I came across this UBuy and I find it is very Honest platform, when I purchased that time ,my friend told me to be careful of internet buying but I try and I am very satisfied with this UBuy satyajit perera Verified Customer Most importantly I would recommend UBUY for
Bringing all sorts of products which are rarely found with other popular e portals.Although the price of the products are a little higher due to import duties and freight charges, I would still recommend UBUY
as the most reliable portal for bringing rare items
From abroad.Best of luck.? Mohammad Alhotailah Verified Customer Excellent and Highly recommend
The only thing that they have to look for, is the international shipping which is very high.

Other things all great Victor Stephen Verified Customer I've had a smooth and amazing experience shopping on Ubuy. Delivery is always smooth and I don't have to worry about purchased items getting missing. I get updates as items move around, Great App. hasan al mamun Verified Customer Very Very first delivery, and original product and same photo same product, and packaging is very good no sketch and etc, but I feel very better ubuy shopping. Rabaa Alateeqi Verified Customer I'm Happy and Delightful ? Ubuy is Fast and because that I recommend it to my friends and they order A Coffee machine and it arrived so fast Thanks for Ubuy Team in USA , Kuwait & Uk RAY PITCHER Verified Customer It seemed to live up to expectations, with regular updates on arrival times, I had no issues with them. Everything arrived nicely and as specified, there are no initial complaints, it was a favourable service and the order went through direct. Todd Dvorak Verified Customer Good service enabling purchase of products from United States that are shipped to Thailand. Many products are not available in Thailand that can be found in the US. Peter Banerji Verified Customer The last time I was disappointed with the way the order was handled as it took a month to deliver after several reminders & follow ups

However on this occasion I was very satisfied as the order was delivered on schedule

Will highly recommend UBuy Lamisah Verified Customer Very fast delivery! Living in Canada there’s a lot of things we don’t have here that’s readily available in the US. Loved how fast they had things shipped from the US to Canada and to my door. Omarr James Garcia Verified Customer It's been 2 years now when i started to online shop here in Ubuy. I am happy and satisfied on their service because it's fast and the packaging is good. Gugue Verified Customer Process was very efficient, no issues with customs, thought id have to pay additional fees but i didnt. Received package without any delays and was happy with my goods. Everything was in perfect condition. It was nice that i received notiification at each stage so i was able to keep track and not worry. Lorraine Morris Verified Customer This was my first purchase from Ubuy and I was very impressed with the delivery, packaging etc. Will definitely be using your services again. Karen Kemp Verified Customer Found what I wanted with a relatively easy search, ordered and paid for it. Was delivered to me in New Zealand in a really good time frame. customer Verified Customer The service and feedback I received was excellent. I always knew exactly where my parcel was in the process. I appreciate your diligence and will buy from you again anytime, thank you david ogbonnaya Verified Customer Ubuy has a very affordable custom and delivery fees. Product quality is top notch. Delivery is within estimated time. I wish Ubuy will always engage the services of DHL for dispatch, they are more competent than others. Ubuy Indonesia A Leading International Online Shopping Store for Luxury Brands & Premium Products in Indonesia With a legacy of brilliance going back 13 years, Ubuy Indonesia is a major online shopping player today. Crowned as the “Best Cross-Border Shopping Brand” for the second time in a row in 2024, Ubuy is one of the top international online shopping platforms worldwide. Explore an extensive range of imported products and experience seamless cross border shopping with Ubuy! Ubuy makes top brands accessible with its numerous categories and brands. From International online shopping stores to global online brands, our platform fulfils all your needs. As one of the best international online shopping websites, Ubuy ensures the best in quality and efficacy. Indulge in luxury as you shop from Dior and Gucci, or experience your childhood again with toys and games from Lego and Funky Pops. Our multi-store eCommerce platform has everything you want, wherever you want it from, all under one roof. Ubuy ensures robust payment security procedures with PCI DSS and SSL certification. You can also download our international shopping app for an even more seamless cross-border experience! Our user-friendly, dynamic, and trusted platform has received numerous positive testimonials and industry accolades. With the finest products in the market, Ubuy is a one-stop shop for all your desires. Get products from any Ubuy store, whether browsing automotive parts in the UK store or selecting Korean beauty products to get the best deals and discounts. From skincare, baby food, and electronics to toys and home essentials, we have it all! Our Popular Categories Top-Selling Product Categories on Ubuy Indonesia Shop for your favourite products from the extensive collection of categories and brands at Ubuy. Our filters ensure you get what you want quickly! Enjoy the worldwide delivery of international products from the following categories at Ubuy today. Health & Supplements Discover top-quality health supplements online on Ubuy Indonesia and shop for the product of your choice. Explore a wide range of blended vitamin & mineral supplements from brands like Nutricost and Now Food . Whether you are looking for supplements to boost your collagen or want to invest in some good quality Sleep Supplements in our Hong Kong store, find everything you need here. Import the best quality multivitamins to support your lifestyle and health goals. With our extensive collection, shop for your desired products in one place! Whether improving your gut health or skincare, we’ve got you! View More Beauty & Personal Care Finding your favourite beauty products online can be daunting, but with Ubuy’s luxury shopping store , you can easily get the beauty and personal care items of your choice. Whether you're looking for face moisturisers by CeraVe or hydrating and plumping serums by Karselle , Ubuy has everything you need. Search for your desired products on our international online shopping store. Get premium face serums , moisturisers, hair shampoos , or luxury fragrances in one place, and always look your best self! View More Electronics Searching for portable Bluetooth speakers or want to invest in a good video projector for your home? Worry not, for the offerings on Ubuy Indonesia will satisfy all your needs! Monitor your health with premium men's smartwatches or get durable earbuds and headphones for the best music sessions. The choices are many! With products in our China store, you can access a range of electronic products and their accessories in one place. Shop imported, original products from brands like Logitech , Samsung, HP, and Sony , and upgrade your lifestyle. View More Grocery & Gourmet Food Explore our collection of grocery and gourmet food items from all over the world. Whether you are in the mood for some Herbal Tea from our India Store or want to import Prime energy drinks from the US Store, we have everything you need. From soda soft drinks to hot sauces and even ground coffee from organic farms in Indonesia, you can browse our collection of grocery Items here. With our gourmet food options, you can find limited-edition products from brands like Oreo and Betty Crocker . View More Fashion Browse a selection of fashion and jewellery products from exclusive brands like Nike and Levi’s on Ubuy! From everyday wear like t-shirts and jeans for mens to accessories like wristwatches and sunglasses for women, shop premium fashion items in one place. With our Korean store offerings, you can easily get the latest fashion from the convenience of your home. Whether you want products from brands like Adidas and Calvin Klein , Ubuy’s cross-border services are here to fulfil all your desires! View More Automotive Ubuy is here for all your automotive parts and accessories needs! From jump starters to tail light assemblies , explore our automotive collection and get imported products from Japan or Hong Kong! With brands like Dorman and Mopar , you can find your desired products, from motor oils to code readers and scan tools . Ubuy ensures the best cross-border shopping experience with its extensive categories, from headlight assemblies and emblems from brands like ATP-Automotive and ACDelco . View More Home & Kitchen Appliances Enhance your aesthetics with the best quality home and kitchen supplies on Ubuy Indonesia! From handheld flashlights and thermoses to tumblers and water glasses, our collection will match all your needs and preferences. Searching for premium posters & prints? Or would you like delightful LED strip lights for your house exteriors from our European store? Shop for household items at Ubuy from acclaimed brands like Ninja and Stanley with Ubuy! Whether pocket knives and folding knives or spray paint, our assortment is here for you. View More Toys & Games Experience the epitome of worldwide online shopping and import international toys and games with Ubuy. Our platform lets you re-live your childhood with your favourite action figures and dolls . Shop from our international stores and get colourful toys for your kids. Alternatively, explore our board games , building sets , playsets , and stuffed animals like teddy bears from international brands like Funko and Mattel at the US store! Remember those Pokemon Cards? You can import them, too, to your country without any hassles with our premium services! View More Ubuy, we deliver. Buy Foreign Goods from Popular Global Brands Online in Indonesia If you are searching for a portal that lets you buy international products and foreign goods online, while you relax in the comfort of your homes, then Ubuy is the right place for you. We keep customers’ requirements at the top while providing prompt and satisfying services. Shop famous international branded products online and get them delivered. Stay Updated! Avail Exclusive Online Shopping Offers & Discounts on Imported Products at Ubuy Get hold of authentic luxury brands and imported goods online at reasonable prices from our abroad online shopping store. Take advantage of the unbelievable deals and offers we roll out on special days and a variety of occasions in all our categories. Why Wait? Grab your golden opportunity and save massively on all the purchases you make from Indonesia's global shopping platform, today. QUICK LINKS About Us Contact Us Quotation Request Intellectual Property Sitemap Track Order Customs tariffs and fees Shipping Policy Micro Influencer Ubuy Membership Ubuy Warranty Healthcare Disclaimer UBUY Download App Brands List Customer Reviews Return Policy Blog FAQ About Ucredit Ubuy Affiliates Ubuy Gift Cards PAYMENT Paypal Visa Mastercard American Express Minimart indonesia ATM Transfer Docu wallet GOC Pay OVO Sakuku GoPay LinkAja Indomaret QRIS DANA Jenius Pay GudangVoucher BNI VA BRI VA Danamon VA ATM Permata +Show More SHIPPING Express Shipping Fast Delivery Standard Shipping 10+ Business Days CITIES COVERED Jakarta Surabaya Bandung Medan Bekasi Palembang Tangerang Depok View More Cities 24/7 Support 24/7 Customer Support Get your texts/emails answered in your native language Customer Services +62 (215) 0967525 Download our App Delivery : Indonesia Afghanistan Armenia Azerbaijan Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia China Georgia Hong Kong India Iraq Japan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Laos Macao Malaysia Maldives Mongolia Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Palestine Philippines Singapore South Korea Sri Lanka Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Timor-Leste Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Vietnam View All Countries TRUST ENSURED WITH Ubuy Popular Stores Shop from USA Shop from UK Shop from Japan Shop from Hong Kong Shop from Korea Shop from China Shop from Turkey Shop from Europe Copyright © 2026 Ubuy Co.                                All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Contact Us Follow Us Save more on App Use UBAPP & Get upto 20% off STAY ON WEB GET THE APP