Skip to main content
CONNECT
VISIT
APPLY
COST
What are you interested in?

Need an academic plan as distinct as you? The University of Cincinnati has got you covered. Relevant. Ranked. Ready to go. Your next starts now.

Keywords
Search for programs
PROGRAM AWARD 
INTEREST 
LOCATION 
Next Lives Here

At the University of Cincinnati, next lives in our individual breakthroughs and our shared achievements. Next lives here because we built it here. And we’re still building it. Whether we refine the work that came before us or strike boldly out in new directions, next is shaped by each of us. And it belongs to all of us.

VISIT CAMPUS
Unleash Your Potential

Founded in 1819, the University of Cincinnati thrives on academic excellence, vibrant campus culture, and an innovative spirit. With a community of over 53,000 students, UC is a hub of energy and growth. Our graduates find success in Cincinnati, consistently ranked as a top destination for new college graduates. As we evolve, UC embraces a future that integrates outstanding academics with a dynamic campus atmosphere, shaping the university, city, and region.

YOUR CAREER STARTS HERE

Over 100 years ago, the University of Cincinnati invented cooperative education that has since extended classrooms to thousands of employers across the globe. UC is ranked fifth in the nation for co-op and internships with co-op students earning a collective $94 million annually - that's $11,220 per student per semester.

EXPLORE CO-OP AT UC
OUR CITY. OUR HOME.

Home to five Fortune 500 companies, Cincinnati’s thriving professional landscape empowers us to change the world, and its widely recognized cultural attractions like professional sports, nationally ranked parks and a renowned art scene fuel us to go above and beyond. Our urban identity is at the core of who we are, forever inspiring us to deepen our community impact.

EXPLORE CINCINNATI
NEXT LIVES HERE

Welcome to a new era of innovation. Where we fuel entrepreneurship with experiential learning, explore our world through the lens of our vibrant community, and transform ideas into impact. Next Lives Here represents our commitment to a better world.

DISCOVER OUR VISION
University of Cincinnati News
Playing a winning hand

UC mechanical engineering student Brooke Boeding parlayed her co-op at an Ohio engineering and consulting company into a full-time job. Her co-op adviser not only helped her land her first co-op job but also provided guidance to launch her career.

READ FULL STORY
2025 Year in Review

December 19, 2025

Fall grads celebrate their success at commencement

December 12, 2025

From pantry to prestige: Taylor Allgood is UC’s first Marshall Scholar in 60 years

December 9, 2025

MORE NEWS

University of Cincinnati
2600 Clifton Ave.
Cincinnati, OH 45221
513-556-6000

UC Tools
Canopy & Canvas
Enrollment Services
Email
Catalyst
Bearcat Portal
Shuttle Tracker
IT Help
UC VPN
Bearcats Landing
About Us
Maps & Directions
Jobs
News
Community Impact
Governance & Policies
Directory
Events Calendar

University of Cincinnati | 2600 Clifton Ave. | Cincinnati, OH 45221 | ph: 513-556-6000

Alerts | Clery and HEOA Notice | Notice of Non-Discrimination | Statement of Commitment | eAccessibility Concern | Privacy Statement | Free Speech | Copyright Information

© 2025 University of Cincinnati