This site uses cookies. By continuing, you're agreeing to the use of cookies outlined in our Website Terms & Conditions.

Close
Skip to main content
Search
Toggle Toolbox
Future Students
FUTURE STUDENTS
Undergraduate
UNDERGRADUATE
Explore programs
Selecting and customizing your degree
Why UCalgary
Academic life
Student experience
Housing and food
Life in Calgary
Tours and events
Tours
Events
Fees and finances
Cost estimator
Admissions
Admission requirements
Dates and deadlines
How to apply
Transcripts and documents
Transfer credit
Application status
Support and contact
Meet a recruiter
Guides and publications
Information for:
Indigenous students
International students
Families and supporters
High school counsellors
Graduate
GRADUATE
Explore programs
Finance
Contacts
How to apply
Student life
International students
Understanding graduate studies
Indigenous graduate students
Open Studies
OPEN STUDIES
Degree and non-degree holders
Visiting students and visiting student researchers
High school students
University Entrance Program
Open Studies dates
Professional and Continuing Education
PROFESSIONAL AND CONTINUING EDUCATION
Continuing Education
Haskayne School of Business - Executive Education
Faculty of Social Work - Professional Development Program
Continuing Medical Education & Professional Development

Get to know the UCalgary campus by taking a tour or attending an event for future students.

Campus tours and events

Current Students
CURRENT STUDENTS
Undergraduate
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics
Finances
Student Services
Student life
Office of the Registrar
Under the Arch
Graduate
GRADUATE
Newly admitted
Forms & documents
Managing my program
Thesis
Student services
Entrepreneurship
Tuition & fees
Graduate calendar
Alumni & Donors
ALUMNI & DONORS
Alumni Engagement
ALUMNI ENGAGEMENT
Events
Benefits
Communities
News & stories
Volunteer
Connect with us
Grow Your Career
Giving to UCalgary
GIVING TO UCALGARY
Energize: The Campaign for Eyes High
How to give
Contacts

Invest in a different kind of energy and see the change you can make.

Find out how you can make a difference today.

Donate now

Research
Faculty & Staff
About UCalgary
ABOUT UCALGARY
Our organization
OUR ORGANIZATION
Facts and figures
Governance and leadership
Our mandate
Faculties
Our people
Executive leadership team
Administration
UCalgary news
UCalgary events
UCalgary Podcasts
Economic impact
Our history
OUR HISTORY
Calgary's urban evolution
Changing face of campus
Culture and society
Watch
Listen
Look
Energy and the environment
High-performance athletics
How we teach and learn
Human and animal health
Our place in the universe
Our strategy
OUR STRATEGY
Strategies and Plans
Teaching and Learning
Research and Scholarship
Partnerships
Our campuses
OUR CAMPUSES
Campus maps and room finder
Main Campus
Foothills Campus
Qatar Campus
Downtown Campus
Spy Hill Campus
Field stations and other facilities
Start something.

Transform your inspiration into impact!

Learn more
Start Something.

The University of Calgary is a place to start something—a career, a company, a new cure, or a new skill. We’re Canada’s entrepreneurial university. Join us!

Undergraduate programs

Take your next step at one of Canada’s top research universities. Whichever of our 250+ programs you choose, you’ll find state-of-the-art creative labs, hands-on learning, and invaluable mentorship opportunities. UCalgary doesn’t just teach entrepreneurial thinking, it’s part of everything we do. Ready to start something big?  

Explore undergraduate degree programs

Graduate programs

We offer more than 225 credentials across 80 programs —all with the entrepreneurial thinking that defines UCalgary. From across Canada and around the world, we attract people who want to enhance their knowledge, create new career pathways, or pursue ground-breaking research. Want to start your next something? 

Explore graduate degree programs

Professional and Continuing Education

With more than 1,200 courses and seminars and 70 in-demand certificate programs, we help working professionals adapt to the changing labour market and curiosity-seekers gain personal enrichment. UCalgary’s courses are relevant, in-demand, and best-practise-based. Want to learn something new? 

Explore professional and cont-ed programs

UCalgary claims top five spot in national research rankings

Research revenue puts institution in number five position

Learn more

Study of powerful brain signalling sensors wins $1-million Hopewell M.I.N.D. Prize

Cumming School of Medicine researchers Jiami Guo and Lizheng Wang are 2025 recipients of $1-million injection in philanthropic funding

Read more

The sky is no limit: UCalgary’s legacy of space science innovation

Research group has been involved in more than 20 space missions since the 1970s

Read more

UCalgary establishes AI resources and best practices

New website offers guidance for use in teaching, learning, research and work

Read more

Read more UCalgary News

Why UCalgary?

We've been ranked amongst the world's top universities and we've done it by pushing our limits, challenging ourselves to do better, and seeking knowledge – wherever that journey takes us.

Explore the UCalgary Experience

%
0%

Undergraduate retention rate

250+ Programs

in the 14 Faculties at UCalgary

34,000+ Students

UCalgary educates over 26,000 undergraduate and 8,000 graduate students

%
0%

Graduate employment rate

The University of Calgary ranked in the Top 5 Academic All-Canadian student-athletes See more facts and figures

University of Calgary Strategies

Learn more about our institutional strategies that have ameliorated obstacles and fostered greater equity, diversity, and inclusion for our students, researchers, staff and community both on and off campus.  

Learn more
UCalgary events
DEC
29

Oasis | You’re Late

 All Day 
Centre Street LRT Platform (125 7 Ave. SE)

Gaptooth Sweatsuit

Curated by Allie Baillie


December 2025 to March 2026

Co Presented with CADA
Open Spaces: Windows to a View
Centre St Station

JAN
06

Eating and Body Image Peer Support Meeting

 9:30 am10:30 am 
Unit 5, 3500 24 Ave NW, Calgary, AB

This topic discussion meeting is for students, faculty, staff and alumni in recovery from an eating disorder, disordered eating, and/or curious about navigating their relationship with food, body image, and/or exercise. We believe that each person defines their own recovery, all pathways and stages of recovery are welcomed and celebrated!

JAN
07

Responding to Disclosures of Sexual and Gender-Based Violence

 12:00 pm1:00 pm 
Zoom

A positive first response to disclosures of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) can have a powerful impact on the person disclosing. Learn all about how to support disclosures of SGBV in this important workshop. In this workshop, participants will learn about the issue of SGBV, the three components of a positive first response and become aware of different community and campus resources. Join the Sexual and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Support Office and enhance your support skills!

JAN
08

Launch Event: PAHO/WHO Collaborating Centre on AMR

 4:00 pm6:00 pm 
Azrieli Atrium, 3330 Hospital Dr NW, Foothills Campus

This launch event celebrates Canada’s new role in the global AMR network and lays the foundation for impactful collaboration, innovation, and capacity building over the next four years.

JAN
09

Haskayne Graduate Programs: Application insights and tips

 12:00 pm1:00 pm 
Virtual (Zoom)

Join our program advisors for an info session on how to ace your application with insider tips and proven strategies to help you shine.

JAN
13

Immunization in Alberta: Realizing the Future of Vaccination for Public Health

 11:00 am12:00 pm 

Explore all UCalgary events
Start something at the University of Calgary
Discover how

Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Website feedback

University of Calgary
2500 University Drive NW
Calgary Alberta T2N 1N4
CANADA

Copyright © 2025

The University of Calgary, located in the heart of Southern Alberta, both acknowledges and pays tribute to the traditional territories of the peoples of Treaty 7, which include the Blackfoot Confederacy (comprised of the Siksika, the Piikani, and the Kainai First Nations), the Tsuut’ina First Nation, and the Stoney Nakoda (including Chiniki, Bearspaw, and Goodstoney First Nations). The city of Calgary is also home to the Métis Nation within Alberta (including Nose Hill Métis District 5 and Elbow Métis District 6).

The University of Calgary is situated on land Northwest of where the Bow River meets the Elbow River, a site traditionally known as Moh’kins’tsis to the Blackfoot, Wîchîspa to the Stoney Nakoda, and Guts’ists’i to the Tsuut’ina. On this land and in this place we strive to learn together, walk together, and grow together “in a good way.”

giItT1WQy@!-/#
giItT1WQy@!-/#
giItT1WQy@!-/#
giItT1WQy@!-/#