Jump to Header
Jump to Main Content
Jump to Footer
Return to the UC Irvine home page
60th Anniversary
Register to Vote
Work at UC Irvine
Give
What are you looking for?
Web
People
Open search
Academics
Admissions & Aid
Research
Campus Life
Community
About UC Irvine
Pause Videos
UCI Health – Irvine Opens
a New Era of Care

The state-of-the-art acute care hospital anchors UC Irvine’s 2025 Year in Review of impact

Read more
Top Stories
Campaign
Brilliant Future campaign raises over $2.4 billion for UC Irvine
Learn more about Brilliant Future campaign raises over $2.4 billion for UC Irvine
Langson Orange County Museum of Art
UC Irvine finalizes acquisition of Orange County Museum of Art
Learn more about UC Irvine finalizes acquisition of Orange County Museum of Art
Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences
Doctor of Pharmacy program receives full accreditation from ACPE
Learn more about Doctor of Pharmacy program receives full accreditation from ACPE
Social Ecology
Charis Kubrin honored with prestigious Stockholm Prize for research disproving immigration-crime myths
Learn more about Charis Kubrin honored with prestigious Stockholm Prize for research disproving immigration-crime myths
View 2025 Year in Review
Fuel Discovery, Shape Tomorrow

UC Irvine research delivers real-world impact – from medical innovation to climate resilience. Support ensures discovery continues when the world needs it most.

Learn more
Best in Class

UC Irvine is consistently recognized as a trailblazer in a broad range of fields, garnering national and international honors in every school.

Ranked a top 10 public university in the U.S.

Learn More

$8 billion annual impact in California

Learn More

Top five best-value public university in the U.S.

Learn More

Second among UC campuses for economic diversity

Learn More
Recent News
Visit UC Irvine News
UC Irvine Podcast
Matthew Landry and Theresa Nutt offer tips to help people live the lifestyle they want

December 22, 2025

Learn more about Matthew Landry and Theresa Nutt offer tips to help people live the lifestyle they want
UCI Health
UCI Health — Irvine offers a new kind of hospital, a new kind of patient experience

December 10, 2025

Learn more about UCI Health — Irvine offers a new kind of hospital, a new kind of patient experience
Museum
Museum Director appointed at UC Irvine Langson Orange County Museum of Art

December 9, 2025

Learn more about Museum Director appointed at UC Irvine Langson Orange County Museum of Art
Explore UC Irvine

Discover the programs, people and purpose that power your next step.

Academics

Find the right program to match your goals and interests

Academics
Admissions

Your path to becoming an Anteater starts here

Admissions & Financial Aid | UC Irvine
Campus life

Life beyond the classroom – discover what campus has to offer

Campus Life at UC Irvine
Health & Health Sciences

Scientific breakthroughs. Clinical excellence. A commitment to better health. United as one academic health system, UCI Health and the Susan & Henry Samueli College of Health Sciences turn bold ideas into better treatments and outcomes for the people we serve.

UCI Health

UCI Health

Susan & Henry Samueli College of Health Sciences

Susan & Henry Samueli College of Health Sciences

Come for the Action—Stay for the Spirit

From events to exhibitions, discover what’s happening at UC Irvine. Zot! Zot! Zot!

Our community
Arts

Find events that celebrate expression and imagination

See arts events
Visit UC Irvine

Take a tour, explore campus and imagine your future here.

Explore our campus
Become an Anteater

Learn more today!

How to apply
Return to home

University of California, Irvine
Irvine, CA 92697

 949-824-5011
Facebook
Twitter/X
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Accreditation 
Campus Status 
Campus Climate Resources 
Disability Services 
Campus Map 
Media Inquiries 
Privacy and Cookie Notice
Accreditation Information
Clery Act
© 2025 UC Regents