Skip to main content
Navigate back to homepage
Search Term (optional)

Main navigation

Study
Research
Engage
About
Welcome to UCL

Founded in 1826 in the heart of London, UCL is London's leading multidisciplinary university, with more than 18,000 staff and 51,000 students from over 150 different countries.

Toggle that plays or pauses the background video.
Study and research at UCL
Undergraduate study
Browse more than 400 Undergraduate courses
Graduate study
Browse over 700 Graduate courses
Short Courses, CPD and more
Find out about other ways to study at UCL
Make your Master's matter

Gain knowledge. Gain advantage.

Apply now
Graduate open events
Graduate open events

Explore UCL and the fantastic opportunities we can offer you. Register now.

How we support our students
How we support our students

Our team of expert wellbeing, disability and mental health staff is here to help.

RANKINGS

UCL ranked among the top 10 universities in the world

As well as ranking in the top 10 universities globally (QS World University Rankings and Best Global Universities Rankings), UCL is highly ranked in the key UK league tables.

Find out more
Featured news
UCL in 2025: a year in review
UCL in 2025: a year in review

In 2025, UCL scientists made breakthroughs in Huntington’s disease, cancer and sight loss, revealed the Sun’s south pole and life under the Antarctic ice. We look back at another extraordinary year.

Latest news
New centre aims to fast-track life-saving treatments
New centre aims to fast-track life-saving treatments

A major new centre, led by UCL researchers, will seek to improve how clinical trials are run, cutting years off the time it takes to bring life-saving treatments to patients.

18 Dec 2025

Specific depressive symptoms in midlife linked to increased dementia risk
Specific depressive symptoms in midlife linked to increased dementia risk

Six particular depressive symptoms when experienced in midlife predict dementia risk more than two decades later, finds a new study led by UCL researchers.

16 Dec 2025

Rediscovering the treasures of the UCL Map Library
Rediscovering the treasures of the UCL Map Library

On the lower ground floor of the UCL Institute of Education Building - a brutalist icon – lies the UCL Map Library. This a unique collection of maps, charts and atlases was assembled throughout the twentieth century, and its significance is only now being widely recognised.

15 Dec 2025

More news

SPOTLIGHT CAMPAIGN

Disagreeing Well

Critical thinking for complex times. Discover UCL's flagship campaign and resources on Disagreeing Well.

Find out more
Discover how UCL changes the world
World-first base-edited gene therapy helps patients fight previously incurable blood cancer
World-first base-edited gene therapy helps patients fight previously incurable blood cancer

A groundbreaking new treatment using genome-edited immune cells, developed by scientists at UCL and Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH), has shown promising results in helping children and adults fight a rare and aggressive form of blood cancer.

08 Dec 2025

Climate change inaction costing a life a minute from excessive heat globally
Climate change inaction costing a life a minute from excessive heat globally

The annual number of preventable heat-related deaths globally has soared to more than half a million, a UCL-led report says.

29 Oct 2025

Pioneering eye device restores reading vision to blind eyes
Pioneering eye device restores reading vision to blind eyes

After being treated with an electronic eye implant paired with augmented-reality glasses, people with sight loss have recovered reading vision, reports a trial involving a UCL and Moorfields clinical researcher.

20 Oct 2025

More UCL research discoveries
UCL events open to all
Stick Man at the Bloomsbury Theatre
Stick Man at the Bloomsbury Theatre

04 Dec 25–04 Jan 26 - Stick Man is back in town! What starts off as a morning jog becomes quite the misadventure for Stick Man. How will Stick Man ever get back to the family tree?

What's on
More public events

20 Nov to 25 Feb

Words Matter

20 Nov 2025 - 25 Feb 2026

07 Nov to 16 May

The Land Carries

07 Nov 2025 - 16 May 2026

25 Jun to 24 Jan

World of Wasps

25 Jun 2025 - 24 Jan 2026

Meet our people
Science educator awarded Antigua and Barbuda’s Faithful and Meritorious Service Cross
Science educator awarded Antigua and Barbuda’s Faithful and Meritorious Service Cross

Dr Sue Dale Tunnicliffe has been awarded the honour for her Distinguished Service to Science Development in Antigua and Barbuda and the wider Commonwealth.

17 Dec 2025

Close to €10m in EU funding for UCL neuroscience, economics and crime studies
Close to €10m in EU funding for UCL neuroscience, economics and crime studies

Five UCL academics have received prestigious European Union-funded grants to support research for the next five years in projects covering economics, criminal governance, and neuroscience.

10 Dec 2025

UCL academic to lead review into mental health, autism and ADHD services
UCL academic to lead review into mental health, autism and ADHD services

An independent review launched by the UK’s health secretary and led by a UCL academic will examine how England’s health system currently delivers mental health, autism and ADHD services in order to help ensure children and adults can get the right support.

05 Dec 2025

More about UCL community
Spotlight on UCL podcasts
Faces of UCL

SHAPING UCL AND THE WORLD

Faces of UCL
The Bridge: A Disagreeing Well Podcast

BRIDGING THE DIVIDE BETWEEN CONFLICTING VIEWS

The Bridge: A Disagreeing Well Podcast
Disruptive Voices Podcast

SOLUTIONS FOR ADDRESSING SOCIETAL CHALLENGES

Disruptive Voices Podcast
The Climate Podcast

TACKLING THE CHALLENGES OF THE CLIMATE CRISIS

The Climate Podcast
More about life at UCL
Third-party hosted content

This content is hosted on YouTube. Third-party embedded content may include its own cookies for analytics, marketing, and functionality. Please accept embedded content cookies to view this content or access it directly.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxYFg3ygMgk
Accept embedded content cookies
Discover UCL's unique strengths
Third-party hosted content

This content is hosted on YouTube. Third-party embedded content may include its own cookies for analytics, marketing, and functionality. Please accept embedded content cookies to view this content or access it directly.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fibAxF6t11o
Accept embedded content cookies
Study a Master's at UCL
Highlights
Top 10 in the World

HIGHLIGHT

Top 10 in the World

UCL is 9th best university in the 2026 QS World University Rankings, and 7th best in the 2025-2026 Best Global Universities.

1st in UK QS Sustainability

HIGHLIGHT

1st in UK QS Sustainability

UCL is 1st in the UK, 2nd in Europe, and 3rd globally in the 2026 QS Sustainability Rankings.

Preparing for UCL200

HIGHLIGHT

Preparing for UCL200

2026 will mark UCL's 200th Anniversary and the start of a year of Bicentennial activity and celebration.

UCL footer
Visit
Bloomsbury Theatre and Studio
Library, Museums and Collections
UCL Maps
UCL Shop
Contact UCL
Students
Accommodation
Current Students
Moodle
Students' Union
Staff
Inside UCL
Staff Intranet
Work at UCL
Human Resources
UCL social media menu
Link to Instagram
Link to LinkedIn
Link to Youtube
Link to TikTok
Link to Facebook
Link to Bluesky
Link to Threads
Link to Soundcloud

University College London, Gower Street, London, WC1E 6BT

Tel: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000

© 2025 UCL

Essential
Disclaimer
Freedom of Information
Accessibility
Cookies
Privacy
Slavery statement
Log in
Privacy & Cookie Settings

We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, analyse site traffic, and serve personalised content. You can manage your preferences at any time.

Accept all cookies
Accept necessary cookies
Settings

Privacy Policy: Learn more about how we handle your data and protect your privacy. UCL privacy policy