A World Leader in Education and Research Excellence | UCLA Skip to Navigation Skip to Navigation Skip to Search Skip to Search Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Links Events Newsroom Magazine Alum Arts Careers Give About About About Overview General Info Facts & Figures Leadership Academic Senate Rankings History Mission & Values Mission & Values Strategic Plan Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Impact Contributions & Discoveries Global Engagement Recognition Awards & Honors Athletic Championships & Medals Notable Bruins UCLA has been recognized as the nation’s #1 college campus and #1 for food in Niche.com’s 2026 “Best Colleges” rankings Admission Admission Admission Overview Undergraduate Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Tuition & Fees Undergraduate Financial Aid Undergraduate Tours Graduate Graduate Admission Graduate Tuition & Fees Graduate Funding Graduate Tours Additional Information International Applicants Extension Program Summer Sessions Academics Academics Academics Overview Explore Degree Programs & Majors College & Professional Schools Education Undergraduate Education Graduate & Professional Education Extension Courses & Certificates Summer Sessions Study Abroad Continuing Education Support Career Preparation Academic Advising First Generation New Student Programs Honors & Advanced Study Entrepreneurship Hub Resources Libraries Academic Calendar Course Schedule Course Catalogue Research Research Research Campus Resources Research Across Campus Technology & Innovation Investments & Partnerships Libraries Student Research Graduate Research Undergraduate Research Campus Life Campus Life Campus Life Overview Campus Housing Residential Life Dining Health & Wellness Sustainability Student Life Clubs & Organizations Sports & Recreation Arts & Performance Volunteering & Service Be Well Bruin Directory Academic Calendar Maps & Directions Parking Campus Shuttles Public Transit Events Newsroom Magazine Alum Arts Careers Give Toggle search field UCLA Top Stories 2025 reflections: A great year, a difficult year — a Bruin year to remember Then & Now: UCLA Bruins recreate 1974 photo One bruin, big smiles, and the joy of giving back News and Features December 16, 2025 Bruin inventions: 10 discoveries and innovations that powered progress See how the work of UCLA researchers has transformed nearly every aspect of modern life Source: UCLA Newsroom December 16, 2025 Rob Reiner’s UCLA journey: From student to the university’s highest honor Known for iconic films like ‘Spinal Tap’ and ‘When Harry Met Sally,’ the alum also spent much of his life in public activism Source: UCLA Newsroom December 16, 2025 UCLA supports Altadena fire recovery with free soil testing A team of UCLA researchers joined community partners to test samples from neighborhoods hit hard by the 2025 Los Angeles County wildfires Source: UCLA Newsroom December 16, 2025 Podcast: UCLA’s Eric Deeds on cells, cancer and unstable federal funding UCLA’s Eric Deeds on how unstable funding jeopardizes both discovery and the everyday lives it protects Source: UCLA Newsroom All News & Features Chancellor Quote Block I have committed my life to public service in roles that bridge academia, social policy and public health practice across different countries and sectors. I look forward to fulfilling this commitment in new ways at UCLA and in the vibrant, diverse City of Los Angeles.” — Chancellor Frenk Read more about Chancellor Frenk Cheer On Our World-Class Athletics Stay up to date with your favorite UCLA teams wherever you are! All Baseball Cross Country Football General Gymnastics Men's Basketball Men's Golf Men's Soccer Men's Volleyball Men's Tennis Men's Water Polo Softball Swimming & Diving Track & Field Women's Basketball Women's Golf Women's Rowing Women's Soccer Women's Tennis Women's Volleyball Women's Water Polo December 30, 2025 No. 4 Bruins Wrap 2025 at Penn State on New Year’s Eve The game will be broadcast to Peacock; tip-off is set for 11 a.m. PT / 2 p.m. ET. Men's Basketball Prepares to Play at Iow… Football Announces Coordinators Colin Hi… Bruins in the NFL: Week 17 Next Game UCLA vs. Penn State Time: 11:00 am  Location: University Park, PA Full Calendar UCLA Bruins What’s on at UCLA Full Calendar Wednesday, December 31, 2025 New Year's Eve holiday 7:00 am Thursday, January 1, 2026 New Year's Day holiday 7:00 am Tuesday, January 6, 2026 Bruin Love Station 9:00 pm Intramural Field Southeast Gates The Bruin Love Station (BLS) is mobile cart that offers free safer-sex supplies, Narcan, fentanyl test strips and opportunities for students to converse with trained peers and… Sunday, January 11, 2026 Chamber Music at the Clark: Escher Quartet 9:00 pm to 11:00 pm William Andrews Clark Memorial Library The Escher Quartet performs an all-Bartók program including String Quartets Nos. 1, 3, and 5. Tickets are limited and go on sale at 12 noon on Tuesday, December 9. Please vis… Monday, January 12, 2026 Language Exchange Program Applications 7:00 am Are you working on learning a new language? Do you want to take what you're learning in the classroom a step further? The Language Exchange program connects language lear… Thursday, January 15, 2026 Bruin Love Station 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm Intramural Field Southeast Gates The Bruin Love Station (BLS) is mobile cart that offers free safer-sex supplies, Narcan, fentanyl test strips and opportunities for students to converse with trained peers and… Saturday, January 17, 2026 The Story of a Small Town 2:30 am to 2:30 am Billy Wilder Theater In-person: Introduction by guest programmer Janet Louie, Ph.D. candidate, Harvard University. Pre-screening Q&A with Louie and Kurt Wong (UCLA ’90), grandso… Sunday, January 18, 2026 A Nice Place / Parasite 2:30 am to 2:30 am Billy Wilder Theater Admission is free. No advance reservations. Your seat will be assigned to you when you pick up your ticket at the box office. Seats are assigned on a first come, first served … Saturday, January 24, 2026 Cinema's First Nasty Women: Breaking Plates and Smashing the Patriarchy 2:30 am to 2:30 am Billy Wilder Theater In-person: Karen Pearlman, filmmaker; Lilya Kaganovsky, professor and chair, UCLA Department of Slavic, East European & Eurasian Languages & Cultures. Sunday, January 25, 2026 Rod Serling's Existential TV Western: The Loner 2:30 am to 2:30 am Billy Wilder Theater Made possible by the John H. Mitchell Television Programming Endowment Admission is free. No advance reservations. Your seat will be assigned to you when you pick up you… Monday, January 26, 2026 Meet John Doe / The Mortal Storm 2:00 am to 2:00 am Billy Wilder Theater Admission is free. No advance reservations. Your seat will be assigned to you when you pick up your ticket at the box office. Seats are assigned on a first come, first served … Full Calendar UCLA Right Now Let's get social! Follow us on social media to keep up with our latest events, news, and so much more. It’s the best way to stay connected. Don’t miss out on what we’ve got Bruin! ucla @ucla Manifesting this for 2026. What are your UCLA Ins & Outs? 📝 1 day ago ucla @ucla Here’s to more quiet, golden hour moments in the new year.

📸: @margaretbkhanh, @capturedbymarg 3 days ago UCLA @UCLA Heading into 2026 like 💛💙 @koreosucla x @katseyeworld #UCLA #Dance #Katseye #ForYou 4 days ago UCLA @UCLA Most campus administrative operations will be closed or will operate with reduced services from Dec. 24 through Jan. 2. bit.ly/48PV6PV 4 days ago ucla @ucla Rare winter moments on campus, from the archives ❄️✨

📸 University Archives, @uclalibrary Special Collections 5 days ago UCLA @UCLA A campus moment we're still smiling about. Thanks to UCLA students and staff, Powell Cat continues to watch over campus (in a 20-inch bronze form) from their new home at Kerckhoff Hall. 🎨 Max Loy, Tim Doyle, Sofia Andrea Peters #CatsofTikTok #Cats #UCLA 6 days ago UCLA @UCLA Holiday traditions check: Bruin edition. 🐻🎄✨ 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA The best-kept Bruin secret? LA during the holidays. 🤫💙💛 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA 1 week ago ucla @ucla In case you need a sign... 🟦🐻🟨 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA UCLA won the IEP Talent Award, which honors exemplary initiatives in education and workforce development. 

Read more below: 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA Bruins, you made 2025 unforgettable ✨ 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA Happy Holidays from the Piano Studio at The UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music! 🎹🎶❄️ Sophia Jin and Helen Yuan bring the magic with a four-hands arrangement of “Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy” by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky (1840-1893). 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA Bruin check-in: What’s been your biggest learning from the Fall Quarter? 👋🐻💙💛 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA UCLA students, staff and faculty, university leaders gathered to exchange ideas about shaping the future of international education at the signature International Education Week event.

Read more below: 1 week ago UCLA @UCLA ICYM: Gatkine and Bundy’s work showcases the remarkable potential of the burgeoning field of astrophotonics.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA Professor Theresa Ambo discusses the history of UCLA’s location and her work advancing community-centered relationships with Native Nations.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA Although she never attended UCLA, Gertrude Pomish lived and breathed its mission of public education.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA The finding points to a potential new treatment option for the most common subtype of breast cancer.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA ICYM: The UCLA men’s water polo team recorded a dramatic buzzer-beating 11–10 victory against USC.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA UCLA doesn't just create knowledge. We create possibilities, compassion, and hope. See how UCLA research is changing lives. UCLA.edu/research #ResearchPowersProgress 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA A new survey showed that people who experienced hate acts changed their daily routines, and described physical and mental health impacts.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA Over the last couple of months, the Bruin gymnast has been juggling books, the balance beam and the ballroom.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA The $6.7 million grant also supports research that could expand UCLA’s delayed tolerance protocol beyond well-matched sibling pairs to mismatched pairs.

Read more below: 2 weeks ago UCLA @UCLA cityLAB UCLA is helping families affected by the L.A. wildfires return home more quickly and more affordably. Its new handbook offers pre-fabricated rebuilding options, and its pop-up learning center lets homeowners explore model homes that can be installed in just weeks. 2 weeks ago Load More Los Angeles 90095 (310) 825-4321 Contact Directory Academic Calendar Careers Contact Us Media & Journalists Campus Campus Map Parking Campus Shuttles Public Transit COVID-19 Community Alumni Parents & Families Faculty Staff Emeriti & Retirees Venue & Events Conference Center & Hotel Film Production Event Planning Related Sites Athletics Extension Health Store Giving Centennial The Arts Campus Arts Offerings Hammer Museum Fowler Museum Center for the Art of Performance Film & Television Archive Facebook Instagram Linked X Youtube TikTok Threads © 2025 Regents of the University of California Emergency Accessibility Report Misconduct Privacy & Terms of Use Cookie Policy We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience, including personalizing content and to store your content preferences. If you would prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent; however, it is possible that some parts of our sites will not function properly if you do so. By continuing to use our sites, you accept our use of cookies and revised Privacy Policy . I Accept