Skip to Navigation
Skip to Search
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer Links
Events
Newsroom
Magazine
Alum
Arts
Careers
Give
About
Admission
Academics
Research
Campus Life
Toggle search field
UCLA
Top Stories
2025 reflections: A great year, a difficult year — a Bruin year to remember
Unpacking the origins of our holidays
A UCLA tradition shared around the table
News and Features

December 16, 2025

Bruin inventions: 10 discoveries and innovations that powered progress

See how the work of UCLA researchers has transformed nearly every aspect of modern life

Source: UCLA Newsroom

December 16, 2025

Rob Reiner’s UCLA journey: From student to the university’s highest honor

Known for iconic films like ‘Spinal Tap’ and ‘When Harry Met Sally,’ the alum also spent much of his life in public activism

Source: UCLA Newsroom

December 16, 2025

UCLA supports Altadena fire recovery with free soil testing

A team of UCLA researchers joined community partners to test samples from neighborhoods hit hard by the 2025 Los Angeles County wildfires

Source: UCLA Newsroom

December 16, 2025

Podcast: UCLA’s Eric Deeds on cells, cancer and unstable federal funding

UCLA’s Eric Deeds on how unstable funding jeopardizes both discovery and the everyday lives it protects

Source: UCLA Newsroom

All News & Features
Chancellor Quote Block

I have committed my life to public service in roles that bridge academia, social policy and public health practice across different countries and sectors. I look forward to fulfilling this commitment in new ways at UCLA and in the vibrant, diverse City of Los Angeles.”

— Chancellor Frenk
Read more about Chancellor Frenk
Cheer On Our World-Class Athletics

Stay up to date with your favorite UCLA teams wherever you are!

All
Baseball
Cross Country
Football
General
Gymnastics
Men's Basketball
Men's Golf
Men's Soccer
Men's Volleyball
Men's Tennis
Men's Water Polo
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Women's Basketball
Women's Golf
Women's Rowing
Women's Soccer
Women's Tennis
Women's Volleyball
Women's Water Polo

December 28, 2025

No. 4 UCLA Wins Top-20 Matchup on the Road at No. 19 Ohio State

Senior Lauren Betts recorded her fourth double-double of the season with 18 points, a season-high 16 rebounds, four assists, and three blocks.

No. 4 Bruins on the Road at No. 19 Ohio …

Bilodeau Leads Bruins Past UC Riverside,…

Football Hires Darrick Yray as General M…

Next Game
UCLA
vs.
Penn State
Time: 11:00 am Location: University Park, PA
Full Calendar
UCLA Bruins
What’s on at UCLA
Full Calendar
Wednesday, December 31, 2025
New Year's Eve holiday
7:00 am 
Thursday, January 1, 2026
New Year's Day holiday
7:00 am 
Tuesday, January 6, 2026
Bruin Love Station
9:00 pm 
Intramural Field Southeast Gates
The Bruin Love Station (BLS) is mobile cart that offers free safer-sex supplies, Narcan, fentanyl test strips and opportunities for students to converse with trained peers and…
Sunday, January 11, 2026
Chamber Music at the Clark: Escher Quartet
9:00 pm to 11:00 pm 
William Andrews Clark Memorial Library
The Escher Quartet performs an all-Bartók program including String Quartets Nos. 1, 3, and 5. Tickets are limited and go on sale at 12 noon on Tuesday, December 9. Please vis…
Monday, January 12, 2026
Language Exchange Program Applications
7:00 am 
Are you working on learning a new language? Do you want to take what you're learning in the classroom a step further? The Language Exchange program connects language lear…
Thursday, January 15, 2026
Bruin Love Station
7:00 pm to 10:00 pm 
Intramural Field Southeast Gates
The Bruin Love Station (BLS) is mobile cart that offers free safer-sex supplies, Narcan, fentanyl test strips and opportunities for students to converse with trained peers and…
Saturday, January 17, 2026
The Story of a Small Town
2:30 am to 2:30 am 
Billy Wilder Theater
In-person:

Introduction by guest programmer Janet Louie, Ph.D. candidate, Harvard University. Pre-screening Q&A with Louie and Kurt Wong (UCLA ’90), grandso…
Sunday, January 18, 2026
A Nice Place / Parasite
2:30 am to 2:30 am 
Billy Wilder Theater
Admission is free. No advance reservations. Your seat will be assigned to you when you pick up your ticket at the box office. Seats are assigned on a first come, first served …
Saturday, January 24, 2026
Cinema's First Nasty Women: Breaking Plates and Smashing the Patriarchy
2:30 am to 2:30 am 
Billy Wilder Theater
In-person:

Karen Pearlman, filmmaker; Lilya Kaganovsky, professor and chair, UCLA Department of Slavic, East European & Eurasian Languages & Cultures.

Sunday, January 25, 2026
Rod Serling's Existential TV Western: The Loner
2:30 am to 2:30 am 
Billy Wilder Theater
Made possible by the John H. Mitchell Television Programming Endowment
Admission is free. No advance reservations. Your seat will be assigned to you when you pick up you…
Monday, January 26, 2026
Meet John Doe / The Mortal Storm
2:00 am to 2:00 am 
Billy Wilder Theater
Admission is free. No advance reservations. Your seat will be assigned to you when you pick up your ticket at the box office. Seats are assigned on a first come, first served …
 
UCLA Right Now

Let's get social! Follow us on social media to keep up with our latest events, news, and so much more. It’s the best way to stay connected. Don’t miss out on what we’ve got Bruin!

UCLA
@UCLA

ICYM: Gatkine and Bundy’s work showcases the remarkable potential of the burgeoning field of astrophotonics. Read more below:

1 week ago
UCLA
@UCLA

Professor Theresa Ambo discusses the history of UCLA’s location and her work advancing community-centered relationships with Native Nations. Read more below:

1 week ago
UCLA
@UCLA

Although she never attended UCLA, Gertrude Pomish lived and breathed its mission of public education. Read more below:

2 weeks ago
UCLA
@UCLA

The finding points to a potential new treatment option for the most common subtype of breast cancer. Read more below:

2 weeks ago
UCLA
@UCLA

ICYM: The UCLA men’s water polo team recorded a dramatic buzzer-beating 11–10 victory against USC. Read more below:

2 weeks ago
UCLA
@UCLA

UCLA doesn't just create knowledge. We create possibilities, compassion, and hope. See how UCLA research is changing lives. UCLA.edu/research #ResearchPowersProgress

2 weeks ago
UCLA
@UCLA

A new survey showed that people who experienced hate acts changed their daily routines, and described physical and mental health impacts. Read more below:

2 weeks ago
UCLA
@UCLA

Over the last couple of months, the Bruin gymnast has been juggling books, the balance beam and the ballroom. Read more below:

2 weeks ago
Load More
 

Los Angeles 90095(310) 825-4321

Contact
Directory
Academic Calendar
Careers
Contact Us
Media & Journalists
Campus
Campus Map
Parking
Campus Shuttles
Public Transit
COVID-19
Community
Alumni
Parents & Families
Faculty
Staff
Emeriti & Retirees
Venue & Events
Conference Center & Hotel
Film Production
Event Planning
Related Sites
Athletics
Extension
Health
Store
Giving
Centennial
The Arts
Campus Arts Offerings
Hammer Museum
Fowler Museum
Center for the Art of Performance
Film & Television Archive
Facebook
Instagram
Linked
X
Youtube
TikTok
Threads

© 2025 Regents of the University of California

Emergency
Accessibility
Report Misconduct
Privacy & Terms of Use
Cookie Policy

We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience, including personalizing content and to store your content preferences. If you would prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent; however, it is possible that some parts of our sites will not function properly if you do so. By continuing to use our sites, you accept our use of cookies and revised Privacy Policy.

I Accept