UCO: The University of Central Oklahoma Skip to main content Winter Break: University offices will be closed to the public on Dec. 18-19. The university will be closed for winter break from Dec. 22-Jan. 2. Normal operations resume on Jan. 5, and the spring semester begins Jan. 12. Close Central Oklahoma University of Central Oklahoma Logo Toggle menu Academics arrow down Academics Academics Academic Advisement Academic Calendar Academic Colleges Academic Affairs Find Your Program UCO offers a wide range of academic programs across its six colleges, emphasizing hands-on learning to prepare students for success. Admissions and Aid arrow down Admissions and Aid Admissions and Aid Apply to UCO Enrollment Guide Visit Academic Advisement How to Pay for School After Admission Broncho OneStop Dates and Deadlines Request a Transcript Transfer to Central Apply Now Set your future in motion at UCO. Become a Broncho today. Life at Central arrow down Life at Central Current Students Get Involved Student Orgs—UCORE New Bronchos Community Engagement Events Housing and Dining Office of Global Affairs Military Connected Department of Wellness and Sport Find Resources We have a proven history of providing the resources that meet our students’ needs now and into the future. About arrow down About About UCO Mission and Vision History Strategic Plan News Campus Locations University Divisions UCO President Honor Bronze and Blue With more than 133 years of rich tradition, UCO continues to innovate and transform the lives of our students and community. Athletics arrow down Athletics Broncho Sports Schedule Athletics Tickets Game Day Policies Cheer on the 'Chos The Bronchos compete in 14 different NCAA Division II sports. From softball to wrestling, Broncho student-athletes do a lot of winning—in and out of the classroom. UCONNECT Directory Calendar Library Current Students Family and Friends Donors and Alumni Faculty and Staff Request Info Visit Apply Toggle search Search Search Central Oklahoma Request Info Visit Apply Toggle video Where Movement Is Make your next move at the University of Central Oklahoma. At UCO, we empower students to turn one day into day one. Apply Today Find Your Program The future is yours. Enhance your creative ideas and passion for doing good through online and in-person learning among our six colleges and one institute. Explore the wide range of opportunities our signature programs offer. Search Search Undergraduate Graduate Browse All Programs A Community in Motion Points of Pride Central is leading, innovating and creating transformative learning opportunities that foster success. Learn More About UCO With 118 majors, you'll find a major that combines your passion with the skills you need to succeed. Find Your Program With more than 200 student groups and organizations, there's something for everyone at Central. Get Involved at UCO 1/4 Broncho Brag Board Admissions and Aid During the admissions process, we will help you reach your goals and support you at every step. Review our application requirements and how to pay for UCO. How to Apply Paying for UCO Explore UCO Visit Central 1/5 UCO's Campus Located on 210 acres in the heart of Edmond, Oklahoma, UCO offers students the opportunity to live on campus in safe, comfortable dorms just steps away from their classes, the library, student activities and the Wellness Center. Old North See where it all began. Old North—the first building dedicated to higher education in Oklahoma—marks the start of our journey and shows our commitment to you and our community. Santa Fe Plaza Here, professionals prepare to become tomorrow's leaders in our MBA and other master's-level courses. Santa Fe Plaza is also home to KUCO-FM, our classical radio station, and provides meeting spaces for both the university and area businesses. UCO Boathouse UCO built the Boathouse to support and house our nationally ranked Women’s Rowing team, but it has become so much more. This beautiful event space showcases art in the Martha Burger Art Gallery. You can also enjoy amazing views of the Oklahoma River from the MidFirst Performance Hall and Water Stage. UCO's Campus Old North Santa Fe Plaza UCO Boathouse Central Stories From the moment I stepped on campus, UCO has always felt like home. UCO had everything that I wanted in a community, location and major. Here at UCO, I feel like I can make an impact on those around me, as well as the school as a whole. Promise Strategic Communications I chose UCO for the forensic program and the opportunities it offers students, no matter their background or lifestyle. There are always people ready to help and never give up when they are helping others. Jasmine Forensic Science and Funeral Service I chose UCO because of my athletic background—I am on the Broncho Football team. I feel like college is really where you discover what kind of person you are and what kind of adult you will become. I want to be more than just an athlete; I want to be a mentor, friend and helper. I became who I am today through UCO. Johnathan Kinesiology I feel encouraged by everyone I have met at UCO—my professors are always willing to help. I am challenged every day to be a better person and to work hard for my goals. Belen Medical Laboratory Sciences UCO News More UCO News UCO Earns Elevated National Designation as a Research University UCO received the Research Colleges and Universities (RCU) designation in the 2025 Research Activity Designations published by the American Council on Education (ACE) and the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. UCO is among only 216 universities nationally and two in Oklahoma to receive the designation. Learn More UCO Climbs in US News Rankings, Recognized as a Top Public Regional University UCO continues to climb in national rankings according to the recently released 2026 U.S. News & World Report Best Colleges list. UCO ranked No. 62 among Regional Universities–West and No. 32 among Top Public Schools–West. Read More Apply for the 2026 Fall Semester UCO is accepting applications for the 2026 fall semester. Prospective students should submit their application online. Apply More UCO News Support the Movement Community empowers movement. Support our next stages and help us set more dreams in motion. Give today. Make a Gift UCO Foundation Make Your Move Get ready to shape your future—let’s take your next step together and turn “someday” into “day one.” Apply Visit Our campus tours give you the opportunity to see campus first-hand and discover the many opportunities UCO offers. Schedule a Tour Explore Explore the wide range of opportunities our signature programs offer. View Programs Central Oklahoma University of Central Oklahoma Logo University of Central Oklahoma 100 N. University Drive Edmond, Oklahoma 73034 405-974-2000 Contact Us Building, Walking and Parking Maps Give to UCO Library Campus Safety Copyright © 2025 University of Central Oklahoma Youtube Instagram Facebook Twitter University Policies University Divisions Directory Sitemap Scroll top