Union of Concerned Scientists Skip to main content × Search Search Utility Menu About toggle Accomplishments Funding & Financials Mission & Values Ways to Give History Regional Work Programs People Racial Equity Jobs Media Center Take Action toggle Climate Accountability Climate Campaign for the Future Power Ahead Transforming Transportation Preventing Nuclear War Healthy Food and Farms Save Science, Save Lives A Healthier Democracy Science Network Reports & Multimedia en español Donate Donate + Donate now Renew Become a member Give monthly Gift memberships Gifts in honor & memory More ways to give 88% of funds go directly to programs Climate Report Decades of Deceit Why the case against the major fossil fuel companies for fraud and climate damages is so strong. Climate Change Climate change is one of the most devastating problems humanity has ever faced—and the clock is running out. Learn more about Climate Impacts Science Accountability Solutions Call on Congress to invest in affordable climate resilient housing. Send Letter Energy Report Keeping Everyone's Lights On The grid today is woefully unprepared to meet our current climate reality. Energy The energy choices we make today could make or break our ability to fight climate change. Learn more about Energy Renewable Energy Nuclear Power Fossil Fuels Solutions Demand power plant outage information be made public. Act Now Transportation Report Harnessing the Power of Electric Vehicles UCS research shows that vehicle-grid integration (VGI) enables electric system savings, ranging from $1.8 billion - $11.7 billion per year in 2045. Transportation Our transportation system is outdated and broken—and it needs to change. Learn more about Transportation Access Technologies Oil Solutions Tell Congress we need electric vehicle infrastructure nationwide. Send Letter Food Activist Resource Guiding California's Land Transitions Toward Justice and Equity Analyses of the current challenges and solutions in California's cropland transition. Food and Farms The US food system should be providing healthy, sustainable food for everyone. Why isn’t it? Learn more about Food Sustainable Agriculture Healthy Food Food Justice Solutions The farm bill must center communities, not corporations. Take Action Nuclear Weapons Report Plutonium Pit Production The US plan to build new plutonium pits for nuclear weapons is unnecessary, risky, and dangerous to the health of workers and communities. Nuclear Weapons They’re the most dangerous invention the world has ever seen. Can we prevent them from being used again? Learn more about Nuclear Weapons Justice Worldwide Missile Defense Solutions Tell Congress: No more nuclear weapons testing. Take Action Science & Democracy Report Access Denied The Trump administration is evading legal requirements as it attacks a wide range of public health, environmental, and safety rules. Science and Democracy Democracy and science can be powerful partners for the public good—and both are under attack. Learn more about Science & Democracy Independent Science Evidence-Based Decisions A Healthier Democracy Help strengthen scientific integrity at federal agencies. Take Action Take Action Donate Donate + Donate now Renew Become a member Give monthly Gift memberships Gifts in honor & memory More ways to give 88% of funds go directly to programs Menu Close × Main Menu Climate toggle Impacts Science Accountability Solutions Energy toggle Renewable Energy Nuclear Power Fossil Fuels Solutions Transportation toggle Access Technologies Oil Solutions Food toggle Sustainable Agriculture Healthy Food Food Justice Solutions Nuclear Weapons toggle Justice Worldwide Missile Defense Solutions Science & Democracy toggle Independent Science Evidence-Based Decisions A Healthier Democracy Utility Menu About toggle Accomplishments Funding & Financials Mission & Values Ways to Give History Regional Work Programs People Racial Equity Jobs Media Center Take Action toggle Climate Accountability Climate Campaign for the Future Power Ahead Transforming Transportation Preventing Nuclear War Healthy Food and Farms Save Science, Save Lives A Healthier Democracy Science Network Reports & Multimedia Getty/Hero Images Science in service of people and the planet. The Union of Concerned Scientists is a member-supported nonprofit that’s fighting for a safer and healthier world. Learn more Donate Tell Congress: Protect Climate Research Send letter Our work Feature 2025 UCS Science Defenders The 2025 UCS Science Defenders share a special commitment to leverage science to help their communities. We are so pleased to introduce them, and their great work. Feature 2025 Annual Report Science won't be silenced. Feature Dirty Air, Dirty Deeds President Trump has given free rein to some of the most polluting industries in the country. Video UCS: What We Do Breathtaking imagery from photographer Daniel Beltrá showcases the range of issues that UCS works on. See all reports & multimedia We are experts and everyday people, fighting for change together. Sign up today By signing up you'll receive emails from UCS . You can opt-out at any time. How we work Research the world’s most pressing issues Fight misinformation and defend science Communicate with the media, the public, and decisionmakers Mobilize our 500,000 supporters to advocate for change Learn more Accomplishments Images by K/Getty Images December 2025 More Solar for Michigan It’s now easier for Michiganders to connect clean distributed energy resources like rooftop solar, after UCS advocated for Michigan utility DTE to simplify and modernize its processes. Read blog post See all Get email updates Sign up for updates from UCS ; unsubscribe at any time. Support our work $25 $50 $100 $250 $1000 Other Make it monthly Donate Visit the store View the blog For text alerts, text "SCIENCE" to 67369 or sign up online . Receive urgent alerts about opportunities to defend science. Recurring messages. Reply STOP to cancel. Msg & data rates may apply. Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policy . Footer Privacy Policy State Disclosures FAQ Media Center Jobs Contact © Union of Concerned Scientists We are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. 2 Brattle Square, Cambridge MA 02138, USA (617) 547-5552 Facebook BlueSky Youtube Instagram Close × Quadruple Your Impact Until 12/31! We need you to hold the line against Trump’s dangerous anti-science agenda in 2026. Renew your support before 12/31 to count your gift toward the 4X Together For Science Match! I'm ready to give Learn More UCS/G. Goldman We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing, you accept our use of cookies. Learn more . I accept Close × Support our work $25 $50 $100 $250 $1000 Other Make it monthly Donate Other ways to give Renew Honor & memory Become a member Give monthly Make a planned gift Gift memberships More ways to give Your donation at work 87% of funds go directly to programs