UC Santa Cruz – A world-class public research institution comprised of ten residential college communities nestled in the redwood forests and meadows overlooking central California's Monterey Bay. Our voices will define the century. About Overview Achievements, Facts, and Figures Leadership Our Mascot: Sammy the Banana Slug Our Residential Colleges Campus Tours Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Careers Academics Undergraduate Majors Graduate Degrees Academic Divisions Course Catalog Schedule of Classes Research Office of Research Improving Lives and Livelihoods Undergraduate Research Innovation & Business Engagement Hub Agricultural Experiment Station University Library Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Apply Costs and Budgets Financial Aid Summer Session UCSC Extension Campus Life Visit UCSC Student Success Student Organizations Housing and Dining Resources for Campus Community Arts and Culture The Santa Cruz Area Events Calendar News Give Top 15 Alternative Ivies by Town & Country #22 Top Public Universities by Forbes #6 in Sustainability by Princeton Review Leading at the intersection of innovation and social justice. A global research university with an uncommon emphasis on undergraduate research and education, UC Santa Cruz is part of the world’s most celebrated system of public higher education, and stands among the most renowned institutions of higher learning. News Summer archaeology field programs spark discovery An archaeology summer field school in West Africa delivers research breakthroughs while offering career skills and personal growth opportunities for students. Benefits of mangroves show up clearly in real estate data A new study from the Center for Coastal Climate Resilience uses Zillow data to show how mangroves protected property values following hurricanes. Nine major wins worth celebrating in 2025 From amazing research discoveries to high-impact education and fundraising initiatives, UC Santa Cruz led positive change, despite headwinds. See more news Inspiring Change: The Campaign for UC Santa Cruz Inspiring Change supports the entire university and spotlights its work on advancing five interconnected themes. See all videos To lead means … Creating real change Students at UC Santa Cruz learn from incredible faculty, develop new skills through hands-on research opportunities, and have a track record of making an impact. What kind of a pathbreaker, innovator, or changemaker will you become? Chart your course Serving our society World-class researchers at UC Santa Cruz unlock mysteries and help to transform our world, addressing some of our most pressing needs—from decoding cancer to protecting our natural environment to creating art that challenges assumptions. What will you contribute? Learn about our impact Shaping our future A global community of students, faculty, staff, and alumni, we are committed to climate and economic resiliency for our local and coastal environments through multidisciplinary research, and sustainable and equitable practices. Build a stronger world Become a Banana Slug, and lead the change. Get ready for your future UC Santa Cruz graduates are sought after for their knowledge, skills, and passion. Whether you plan to start working right away, or pursue graduate school or professional school, your UC Santa Cruz degree will help you on your way. Explore our majors and start your future. See for yourself One of the most extraordinary campuses in the world, UC Santa Cruz pairs high-impact research with 10 residential colleges—offering students the experience of a small liberal arts college with the depth and rigor of a major research university. Take a tour virtually or in person. Here to help A UC degree is worth it—and we can help you pay for it. Our financial aid program is one of the best out there. It supports students in all kinds of ways, whatever their background—with grants, scholarships, low-interest loans, and more. Get the details on different kinds of financial aid . Your journey awaits. When you become a Banana Slug, you join a community of artists, innovators, creators, and justice seekers united in using their voices to change the world. Apply now Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Threads TikTok YouTube Feedback Last modified: Dec 18, 2025