Study
Subjects
Research
International
MENU
Ready to apply? We're with you all the way

You've still got time before the UCAS deadline. Get the info you need to apply for an undergraduate degree at UEA. Better still, come and see us for yourself.

How to apply for 2026Visit us on campus
Find your perfect course

Search for an undergraduate or postgraduate programme, PhD Doctorate, CPD and short courses, and more.

Explore undergraduateExplore postgraduateExplore PhD or other DoctorateExplore CPD and short courses
Get a feel for UEA life or chat to our students
Student life at UEA
Ask us a question
Why study at the University of East Anglia?
Kick-start your career

Nearly four out of five UEA graduates are in professional work or further study. We'll help you meet your career goals from the moment you arrive.

See our careers support

A place to call home

As well as being a great place to study, UEA is a wonderful place to live. Discover our wide range of campus accommodation.

Find your new home
Space to breathe

Our stunning campus is an nine-time Green Flag award winner.

Book a visit
A city to love

UEA is based in Norwich, lively and liveable, modern and medieval, there’s no place like Norwich.

Support from day one

Your wellbeing, health, safety and career prospects are a top priority for us. Our Student Support and Careers Services are here to help you succeed.

UK TOP
30

in the 2026 Complete University Guide

TOP
10

for work experience in 2025, according to
Rate My Placement

UK TOP
20

for research quality, according to the Times Higher Education REF 2021 results

Subject areas

Understand your subject area, get a taste of what your course will contain – and where it'll take you.

Explore subjects
Come and visit

The best way to experience life at UEA is to come and visit us. We have regular campus tours, Open Days and Applicant Days. If you can't make it in person, there are plenty of virtual events to help you get a feel for UEA.

Visit us
UEA's research changes lives

As a globally recognised centre of research, we drive change for a better future through our strategic research themes: ClimateUEA, CreativeUEA and HealthUEA. These initiatives unite academics across disciplines to develop innovative solutions to key challenges.

Explore our projects, impact, collaboration opportunities, research culture and community.
Research at UEA
PICCOLO: Investigating carbon in the Antarctic
Read more
Expert insights: Understanding women's health
Read more
What our students say

Find out what current students say about studying and living at UEA, or chat with a current student on Unibuddy.

View in new tab
View in new tab
Information for
Undergraduates
Postgraduates
International students
Current students
Staff
About
UEA
Research
Business
Global
Contact us
Quick Links
Accessibility
Legal Statements
Statement on Modern Slavery
Cookie/Pixel Policy
Manage Cookie Preferences
Data Protection
Widening Participation - Transparency Return
Tackling Harassment and Sexual Misconduct
Contact us

University of East Anglia
Norwich Research ParkNorwich, NorfolkNR4 7TJ

+44 (0) 1603 456161

Go to our Instagram page
Go to our TikTok page
Go to our Facebook page
Go to our LinkedIn page
Go to our Threads page
Go to our YouTube page
Go to our BlueSky page
© UEA. All rights reserved.