UESP Wiki - The Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages - TES Wiki & Lore UESP Wiki - The Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages - TES Wiki & Lore The UESPWiki – Your source for The Elder Scrolls, in memory of Julian LeFay ⧼monobook-jumptonavigation⧽ ⧼monobook-jumptosearch⧽ UESP Wiki - The Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages - TES Wiki & Lore Welcome to the Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages ! We have been building a collaborative source for all knowledge on the Elder Scrolls series since 1995 . Start browsing the wiki by clicking one of the games below or with the search bar . If you'd like to discuss The Elder Scrolls with other users or have questions, consider using the UESP Discord server or forums . Your contributions are welcome and valuable. Read how to get started as an editor, then make your first edit . Review the help pages and style guide to learn more about editing. This site's purpose is to provide information; therefore, most of the content contains spoilers. Community Portal • Policies • Hosted Wikis • Contact | Interactive Maps • Android App • View Mobile Site View Desktop Site We are currently maintaining 115,336 articles. ESO Skyrim Oblivion Morrowind Daggerfall Arena Castles Blades Legends Travels Redguard Battlespire Lore • General • Books • Merch • Mods Random • All Content... Latest News Jim Ward Passes Away Aged 66 — December 10, 2025 Jim Ward , the talented voice actor and radio personality who voiced Mannimarco in The Elder Scrolls Online main quest , has passed away this morning at the age of 66. He previously retired in 2021 due to health issues, as he was diagnosed with both COVID-19 and Alzheimer's, leaving him unable to continue voice acting. He resided at the Silverado Beverly Place Memory Care Community in Los Angeles, CA for the remainder of his life. His passing was announced by former radio colleague Stephanie Miller, who received an email from his wife about the news. We send our condolences to his family and all the fans who enjoyed his work 🕯️ Ward had roles in other Bethesda games such as Dr. Klein in Fallout: New Vegas and Old Longfellow in Fallout 4 . He was also known for his roles in many cartoons and games from the 2000s, such as Doug Dimmadome & Chet Ubetcha in The Fairly OddParents , Captain Qwark in the Ratchet & Clank franchise, Perceptor in the Transformers: War for Cybertron games, Professor X in Wolverine and the X-Men , and Diamondhead & XLR8 in Ben 10 . Skyrim Anniversary Edition on Switch 2 — December 9, 2025 The Anniversary Edition upgrade for Skyrim is now available on the Nintendo Switch 2 , complete with a reveal trailer featuring beloved Skyrim grandma Shirley Curry . This version includes the three official expansions (Dawnguard, Hearthfire, and Dragonborn), all Creation Club content, and enhanced resolution, improved load times, and optimized performance (as compared to Nintendo Switch) that take full advantage of the Nintendo Switch 2's advanced hardware. Owners of the Anniversary Edition on the original Nintendo Switch can download the game for free on Nintendo Switch 2, while owners of the base edition on the original Nintendo Switch can purchase the "Anniversary Upgrade" to then download the game on Nintendo Switch 2. LotusofDoom's Extra Life Charity Event — December 5, 2025 Be sure to join and donate to the yearly Extra Life charity event run by the Tales of Tamriel LotusOfDoom over at https://www.extra-life.org/participants/LotusOfDoom this weekend! UESP will be matching donations up to $2500, donating some rewards as well as participating in the streams. UESP Celebrates 30 Years! — November 7, 2025 Hello everyone, we are proud to announce that this month marks the 30 th Anniversary of the UESP! 🎂 For three decades now, the Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages has helped to keep the Elder Scrolls community up-to-date with all the latest information and contribute to the documentation of the franchise, first as an FAQ that began in the autumn of 1995, and later as a wiki starting in 2005 . It has continued to grow and evolve since then, now standing at over 115,000 articles! We would like to give a large thank you to all the editors and readers who have contributed so much to this project and made the site what it is today. We really don't know what else to say, since the club of sites that have been around that long is very, very small. Our gratitude towards everyone in the community cannot be stated enough! Thank you for letting us be your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Here's to many more years to come! Battle for the Writhing Wall Event Begins — October 13, 2025 The Battle for the Writhing Wall event for ESO's Seasons of the Worm Cult story has officially begun as of today, and will continue until the Writhing Wall is destroyed. All players of the game can help contribute to progression for the event, but only 2025 Content Pass owners can complete related content on Solstice . Starting on October 13, visit Skordo the Knife at the Stirk Fellowship Camp or the Sunport Rampart Camp to sign up and do your part in the war against the Worm Cult. The Battle for the Writhing Wall event must progress through three unique themed stages before you can bring down the wall and enter Eastern Solstice . UESP-designed character to be in TES VI — October 9, 2025 Together with our friends at The Imperial Library , we at UESP had the incredible opportunity to meet with Bethesda to design a character for The Elder Scrolls VI . Honestly, many of us went into the meeting pretty nervous and unsure of what to expect, but now we're all extremely excited for what's in store. The Elder Scrolls: Betrayal of the Second Era board game expansions announced! — October 7, 2025 Chip Theory Games' board game The Elder Scrolls: Betrayal of the Second Era is getting a set of five new expansions, referred to collectively as "Heroes of Tamriel"! Looks like Deslandra is setting her eyes on Elsweyr and Summerset . The crowdfunding campaign is going to start on the 14th of October. See the announcement video and official announcement for more information. Oblivion Remastered Deluxe Physical Edition Teased — September 29, 2025 Bethesda has teased a physical release of the Deluxe Edition of Oblivion Remastered with an image posted to social media. It appears that physical copies will be available for purchase starting on October 13, 2025, a date previously listed on the websites of various online video game retailers. ESO Season of the Worm Cult (Part 2, update 48) Available on PTS — September 15, 2025 Elder Scrolls Online update 48 is now available on the PTS server for play testing. Part 2 of the Season of the Worm Cult includes a new zone (Eastern Solstice), a server wide Writhing Wall Event, and a variety of other quality of life features and bug fixes. Our ESO Build Editor has been updated with the item and skill data for testing builds and you can check out our Skills and Set data from the update as well. ESO Feast of Shadows (Update 47) Released — September 3, 2025 ESO update 47 's dungeon pack, the Feast of Shadows , is now available on all platforms. Featuring two new dungeons, Black Gem Foundry and Naj-Caldeesh , Feast of Shadows expands the Seasons of the Worm Cult storyline while also introducing new dangers, secrets, and rewards. Terence Stamp Passes Away Aged 87 — August 17, 2025 Terence Stamp , a veteran English actor with a career in film spanning six decades, has passed away this morning. Stamp voiced Mankar Camoran , one of the main antagonists in Oblivion . He was also known for his role as General Zod in Superman , and as a favor to Todd Howard said " Kneel before Todd " (seen in the Making of Oblivion Documentary ) in the same tone as his iconic line from the film. His performances have earned him Golden Globe and Cannes Film Festival awards as well as Oscar and BAFTA nominations. "He leaves behind an extraordinary body of work, both as an actor and a writer that will continue to touch people for years to come," his family stated. Stamp had only done about ten voice roles throughout his career, but his performance as Mankar Camoran is widely considered one of the most iconic roles in the franchise to date. He will be dearly missed. Julian LeFay Passes Away Aged 59 — July 22, 2025 Elder Scrolls co-creator Julian LeFay , the core game director, programmer, and designer at Bethesda Softworks in the 1980s and '90s, has passed away tonight. LeFay was considered the chief imagineer behind The Elder Scrolls series during his tenure of the studio, being the project director behind Arena , Daggerfall , and Battlespire , contributing to the programming, gameplay mechanics, and lore design of the series. An in-depth statement has been posted by OnceLost Games, a company Julian co-founded, as well as a tribute posted by Bethesda, penned by Julian's friend and successor Todd Howard . We would like to wish him peace, and for him to know he will not be forgotten. ZeniMax and Virtuos Hit by Major Layoffs — July 17, 2025 ZeniMax Online Studios , the developers of The Elder Scrolls Online , has been affected by a sweeping round of layoffs done inside Microsoft. On July 2, Microsoft announced they were shelving an unannounced MMO at ZOS, affecting over 200 developers. Matt Firor , the founder and head of the studio, also announced his departure from the company, being succeeded by Jo Burba on July 14. The studio had been working on a new AAA game codenamed Project Blackbird since 2018, with many Elder Scrolls Online alumni being tasked to work on the project. According to reports, development on the game had been coming along smoothly, with a release date set for 2028, and its gameplay impressed executives at Xbox. The cancellation of the game by Microsoft came as an unexpected decision to the team, most of whom have since been laid off. The ZOS United-CWA union has since released a statement regarding concerns with pay and benefits related to the layoffs. Virtuos, the studio handling development on Oblivion Remastered , also announced a series of layoffs on July 17. Approximately 7% of Virtuos' workforce worldwide was affected due to the layoffs. We at the Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages wish all the talented developers affected by the layoffs the best of luck in their future endeavors, and thank them for all their hard work in making the world of The Elder Scrolls come to life. Julian LeFay Health Update — July 17, 2025 Julian LeFay , the Father of The Elder Scrolls , is entering the final days of his life from his battle with cancer. His team at OnceLost Games is asking for people to celebrate his life and offer well wishes to his family, and we encourage you all to do so. You can find the official announcement here . The team, volunteers, and readers of The Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages have all dedicated countless hours to exploring this world he built. We wish to thank him profusely for his creation that we have spent some of the greatest moments of our lives in, and are immensely saddened he will not get to to see his ideas for The Wayward Realms reach us all in their final form. Ars Technica Article on the UESP — May 2, 2025 Ars Technica has just released an article about the origins, history, and development of the UESP featuring interviews with its founder, Dave Humphrey , and two of its longtime editors, RobinHood70 and Dillonn241 . Tamriel Rebuilt Releases Grasping Fortune — May 1, 2025 Tamriel Rebuilt is a mod for Morrowind which adds the mainland of the province to the game, piece by piece. Today marks the release of version 25.05, Grasping Fortune , which centers on the Hlaalu capital of Narsis , a nexus of immense wealth and cruel injustice. Surrounding the city is the vast and dangerous hinterland of Shipal-Shin , whereas a number of Hlaalu and Redoran towns dot the shores of the Thirr River in the Coronati Basin region downstream of Narsis. Features include: 410 brand-new exterior cells of landmass – this is about a third the size of vanilla's Vvardenfell island. Aside from the vast metropolis of Narsis, the area includes the desert canyons of the Shipal-Shin region, the densely settled agricultural hinterland of the Coronati Basin, and the canopied mushroom forest of the Othreleth Woods. Over 870 new cells of interior locations , of which slightly less than 200 are for Narsis alone. Another ~140 are hostile dungeons of several variants: in addition to vanilla dungeon types, there are also the brand new Skyrender hives, an Ayleid dungeon, and a Remanite fortress. Over 270 new quests , featuring questlines for nearly all vanilla factions – most especially House Hlaalu with over 40 new quests, including a Grandmaster sequence – but also the brand-new Ja-Natta Syndicate, an unscrupulous criminal faction challenging the local Thieves Guild. Download links and detailed information about new features are available on Tamriel Rebuilt's website . Oblivion Remaster Confirmed — April 21, 2025 The existence of Oblivion Remastered has been confirmed by Bethesda following days of leaks. First spotted in court documents in 2023, the long-awaited remaster is set to be announced via livestream on Twitch and YouTube tomorrow at 11am EST (3pm UTC). Update April 22 : The game is now available on: Steam Xbox X|S PS5 ESO's First Season Pass Announced — April 12, 2025 The details of The Elder Scrolls Online 's shift to seasonal content releases have been revealed with the announcement of the 2025 Content Pass and Premium Edition. The pass will include the already-released Fallen Banners dungeon pack, the upcoming zone of Western Solstice (due to be released in June), the newly-announced Feast of Shadows dungeon pack, and a zone expansion into Eastern Solstice for the story finale. The in-game Writhing Wall event was also announced, and will involve each megaserver working towards the goal of bringing down a magical barrier on Solstice. The pass also includes the usual slew of cosmetic items, which can be obtained by purchasing and/or pre-ordering. Similar to previous years, the new Premium Edition includes the base game along with all existing Chapters . In addition to new story content, a new subclassing system was announced. Existing characters will be able to obtain skill lines from up to two other classes . One skill line from the character's original class must be retained, but the other two can be replaced as desired. It will not be possible to obtain more than one skill line from a particular class. Subclassing will be available immediately if you already have a level 50 character of that class once the system is released. Following the successful results of the Vengeance campaign in Cyrodiil , further PvP testing has also been announced. You can find more details on the official site . A recording of the 2025 ESO Direct announcement can be viewed on YouTube . Moth Priest Loremaster's Archive Released — March 6, 2025 A new Loremaster's Archive has been released, providing yet another interview between the community and characters within the lore of The Elder Scrolls Online . The latest Archive is an interview with Sister Chana Nirine, one of the Moth Priests responsible for reading and interpreting the Elder Scrolls themselves. Notably, Sister Chana's answers include several new lore texts detailing the history of the scrolls and the origins of the Cyrodilic tradition of reading the prophecies contained within. You can see the Loremaster's Archive on the official site . We also have a copy of it here . The Elder Scrolls: Legends has been shut down — January 30, 2025 "Drip, drip, drip. Memory melts. I've futilely tried to freeze what I can, but what is Forgotten cannot be recalled. Only drips, glimpses of stories untold, remain. Memory melts into legend, but legend never dies." —Kellen The servers for the Elder Scrolls card game Legends have been permanently shut down on January 30, 2025 at 10am EST. We at UESP have had a great time with the game and bid it a heartfelt farewell. If you want to talk about your greatest matches, recollect your best moments, seen weird interactions between cards, or just want to chat about the lore and art, you can join us on the Discord server to reminisce the final moments of the game. We are still busy documenting and archiving the game. There are still many things that can be done after the shut down. We have back-ups of the game files, many many screenshots, and recollections of the players that can be used to fill in the last bits of information to preserve the game to the fullest. If you want to help, head over the Legends Namespace Completion Project or the Discord mentioned above. 2024 Retrospective — January 29, 2025 A look back at the past year of the UESP and Starfield wikis is now available at retro.uesp.net . While capturing every moment is impossible, we hope this year-in-review offers a meaningful glimpse into our journey. As we move into 2025 and beyond, we’re excited to continue expanding and refining our documentation of all things Elder Scrolls. Thank you for being part of this adventure with us! More News... Support the UESP The Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages would like your help supporting our site and projects via Patreon . Please consider becoming a supporter over on Patreon . By supporting our Patreon, you can receive numerous rewards in 2024: Rewards Iron : TES and UESP 30th Anniversary Coin Steel : Previous Rewards and a 2026 Calendar (8.5x11", 14 page, 12 months), Four Poster Prints (10x12") Elven : Previous Rewards and Bookmark, UESP Book, Tote Bag, and Stickers Orcish : Previous Rewards and a T-Shirt, Statue Glass : Orcish Rewards and a Custom Amulet Daedric : Orcish Rewards and Two Custom Amulets See more details on the 2025 rewards on Patreon . Current Featured Article Skyrim:M'aiq the Liar M'aiq the Liar M'aiq the Liar is a Khajiit well-known for his (often humorous) comments on the Elder Scrolls series, as he (or a relative) has also appeared in Morrowind , Oblivion , and ESO . He will make witty comments about the game's strong points, smart remarks to common complaints about the game, or just general references to different aspects of the game. ( more... ) More Featured Articles... Current Featured Image A spat between Vanus Galerion and Mannimarco (ESO) More Featured Images... Did You Know... (updates once per hour) ... that series co-creator Julian LeFay voiced the Daedra Counts , some Hernes , as well as Xivilai Moath , lieutenant of Mehrunes Dagon , in Battlespire ? ... that Daggerfall is the only main Elder Scrolls game that does not begin with the player somehow imprisoned? ... that Redguard is the only game in which you do not get to create your character ? ... that mazte is beer local to Morrowind , brewed from fermented saltrice ? ... that the majority of Bretons are knighted for non-combat-related achievements? ... that Lord Hollowjack is a Pumpkin Spectre that rules over Detritus , a demi-plane filled with untold horrors? Would You Like to Know More? Retrieved from " https://en.uesp.net/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=3396670 " Categories : Pages using invalid self-closed HTML tags Mainspace Hidden categories: Riven-Pages using pickfrom Full Protection Navigation menu monobook-cactions-label Main page Discussion View source History monobook-cactions-label Main page Discussion ⧼monobook-more-actions⧽ Tools In other languages Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Search general Help How to Contribute Recent Changes Random Page View Mobile Site Android App Content All Content Lore General Books Merchandise Mods Elder Scrolls Online Skyrim Oblivion Oblivion Remastered Morrowind Daggerfall Arena Castles Blades Legends Travels Redguard Battlespire Betrayal of the 2nd Era Skyrim Adventure Game Call to Arms Skyrim Very Special Skyrim Pinball Featured Content Community Community Portal Admin Noticeboard Bluesky Discord Join Server Facebook Instagram Mastodon Threads Tumblr Twitch X (Twitter) YouTube Blog Forums Patreon Hosted Wikis Starfield Wiki Oblivion CS Wiki Skyrim CK Wiki Fallout 3 GECK Wiki Fallout 4 CK Wiki Affiliates Contact Us Links Tools What Links Here Related changes Special Pages Printable Version Permanent Link Page information Cite this page In other languages Français Italiano Português العربية This page was last edited on 26 July 2025, at 00:26. All content is available under the terms of the Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License . Privacy Policy About UESPWiki Disclaimers Mobile view