UF Health - University of Florida Health Skip to main content (352) 733-0111 My UFHealth UF Health Home Search Search Close Menu Find a Doctor Conditions & Treatments Locations Patients & Visitors Clinical Trials Community Billing Insurance Events Make a gift Careers Volunteer Education Research About (352) 733-0111 My UFHealth Close World-class care , built for you Find a Doctor Find a Location Search Find doctors by these popular areas of care Family Medicine Pediatrics Cardiology Search Find locations by these popular areas of care Family Medicine Pediatrics Cardiology Your health ,
        on your time MyUFHealth is a secure application that lets you manage your health at home and on the go. Manage your appointments View your test results Send messages to your doctor Request medication refills Pay your bill Sign in or Sign Up What is MyUFHealth? Excellent care, close to home With locations all over Florida, you'll find convenient care for you and your family. 140 Primary Care & Specialty Practices 2k Health Care Providers 26 Emergency & Urgent Care Locations 5 Dental Locations 12 Hospitals View All Locations Leading the way to better health care Nationally ranked among the best About Our Rankings Get the right care, when you need it Primary Care Choose from our network of highly skilled doctors and providers for your regular care. Find Adult Primary Care Find Pediatric Primary Care Specialty Care Our experts are here to treat your unique medical and surgical needs. Find Adult Specialty Care Find Pediatric Specialty Care Urgent Care Visit Urgent Care when you can't wait to be seen by your primary care provider. Find Urgent Care Emergency Care Our ER and trauma centers are available 24/7 for when you need immediate help. Find Emergency Care Dental Care We offer a complete range of dental and oral health care for adults and children. Find a Dentist Veterinary Care Find ongoing and emergency care for animals of all species. Find a Vet We’ve joined the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Medical Network , where we're now providing Team USA's elite athletes with the same world-class health care that's available to you and your family. Our Collaboration Amazing Athletes Improving health and lives through research We are a top-tier research university. We focus on groundbreaking research that improves public health every day. Our Research Training tomorrow’s health care providers Our academic health center is the largest in the Southeast. We educate the next generation of healers, discoverers and inventors. Our Colleges Join a team moving medicine forward Be part of a team dedicated to excellent patient care and health education. Search Jobs Volunteer Why UF Health? University of Florida Health University of Florida (352) 733-0111 My UFHealth Make a Gift Patients & Visitors About UF Health Locations Medical Records Billing, Costs & Insurances Visiting UF Health Health Professionals Referrals, Consults & Transfers Continuing Education Credentialing Labs Research & Education Colleges Research Centers & Institutes Libraries Research Support Get Involved Careers Volunteer Employees UF Health Bridge St Johns Intranet VPN News & Events UF Health Stories Newsroom Events Connect with UF Health Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Report a site issue Disclaimer & Permitted Use Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Security and Privacy Price Transparency This site uses Google Analytics Updated: December 18, 2025 © 2025 UF Health