Skip to main content
Search Field
Visit
Apply
Give
About UH
Academics
Admissions
Campus
Coogs
Health & Well-Being
News & Events
Research & Innovation
Athletics 
WHERE LEARNING MEETS OPPORTUNITY

At the University of Houston, you have access to world-class faculty, cutting-edge research opportunities and a wealth of resources to help you succeed.

Explore Campus
Majors and Minors
Apply for Admission
Archaeology Magazine Names University of Houston Find of Maya Ruler’s Tomb Top 10 Discovery of 2025
Archaeology Magazine Names University of Houston Find of Maya Ruler’s Tomb Top 10 Discovery of 2025
Taking the Scenic Route
Taking the Scenic Route
UH Engineers Making AI Faster, Reducing Power Consumption
UH Engineers Making AI Faster, Reducing Power Consumption
WORLD-CLASS FACULTY

The University of Houston is proud to have diverse and highly qualified faculty, consisting of world-renowned scholars, researchers and experts in their respective fields.

Cristina Rivera Garza
Donna Stokes
Zhifeng Ren
Renee Knake Jefferson
Kaushik Rajashekara
23
National Academy Members
2
MacArthur "Genius" Fellowships
17
Guggenheim Fellowships

National Academies Members

ACCESSIBLE
AND AFFORDABLE

The University of Houston strives to provide affordable and accessible education to a diverse student body, including first-generation college students. UH offers over 250 undergraduate and graduate degree programs across a wide range of disciplines, including business, engineering, education, health, law and the arts.

276
Degree Programs
1,250+
Online Courses
#36
Ranked Social Mobility

About UH

20
25
“Wolff Center for Entrepreneurship Named No. 1 in U.S.”
The Princeton Review
“Top 50 Best Value Public Universities”
The Princeton Review
“Top 50 for Social Mobility”
U.S. News & World Report
CAREER
READINESS

The University of Houston provides a range of resources and opportunities to help students develop the skills, knowledge and experiences they need to be successful in their professional endeavors.

5,200+
Student Employees
7
College-Based
Career Centers

Career Services & Centers

RESEARCH
EXCELLENCE

University of Houston researchers are transforming ideas into innovations. Our innovators are developing new technologies that span the delivery of health care to advancing reliable, affordable, environmentally responsible energy for all. We are also thought leaders around the creation of art and developing programs that support our diverse Houston community.

203M
In Research Expenditures
13
National Research Centers
#1
Texas Intellectual
Property Awards

Division of Research

FEATURED
EVENTS
Coffee With A Cop

Tuesday, Jan 13, 2026

11:00 am - 12:00 pm

CRASE Training (Civilian Response to Active Shooter Events)

Thursday, Jan 22, 2026

9:00 am - 11:00 am

Health Policy Symposium

Thursday, Jan 29, 2026

11:30 am - 1:00 pm

2025 UHCO Research Showcase

Friday, Jan 30, 2026

4:30 pm - 6:30 pm

Learning Abroad Spring Fair

Wednesday, Feb 4, 2026

11:00 am - 2:00 pm

View Full Calendar
UH NEWSROOM
Categories
Search News Archive
University of Houston Expands Addiction Research with $2.67M Gift to Help Combat National Opioid Epidemic

December 11, 2025

University of Houston Expands Addiction Research with $2.67M Gift to Help Combat National Opioid Epidemic

As the United States continues to face the persistent and deadly opioid crisis, driven by the dangerous synthetic fentanyl, a $2.67 million gift to the University of Houston from the estate of Dr. William A. Gibson will honor his late son Michael, who lost his life to addiction in 2019.

UH Chemistry Professor Earns Prestigious Honor from National Academy of Inventors

December 11, 2025

UH Chemistry Professor Earns Prestigious Honor from National Academy of Inventors

Eva Harth, a chemistry professor in the University of Houston’s College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics, has been named a Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors, the highest professional honor awarded to academic inventors.

University of Houston Engineers: While Melatonin Puts Us to Sleep, It Wakes Up Plants

December 9, 2025

University of Houston Engineers: While Melatonin Puts Us to Sleep, It Wakes Up Plants

In an interesting turn of botanical events, University of Houston engineers report that while melatonin keeps us asleep, it wakes up plants, helping them grow.

UH Graduate Student on a Mission to Explain One of the Universe’s Most Puzzling Particles

October 28, 2025

UH Graduate Student on a Mission to Explain One of the Universe’s Most Puzzling Particles

A University of Houston graduate student will soon begin an important mission to help explain one of the universe’s most puzzling particles — the neutrino.

UH and DHR Health Hospital System Establish Medical Research and Education Center in the Rio Grande Valley

October 23, 2025

UH and DHR Health Hospital System Establish Medical Research and Education Center in the Rio Grande Valley

The University of Houston and DHR Health Hospital System today announced an agreement to establish The University of Houston Tilman J. Fertitta Family College of Medicine and DHR Health Medical Research and Education Center in the Rio Grande Valley.

University of Houston Welcomes Record Enrollment of Nearly 49,000 Students

September 23, 2025

University of Houston Welcomes Record Enrollment of Nearly 49,000 Students

The University of Houston has once again set a record, welcoming nearly 49,000 students for fall 2025 — the largest enrollment in its history. This milestone reflects UH’s growing reputation as a first-choice university for many students across Texas and beyond.

20
24
“Top 100 Best Colleges for Future Leaders”
Time Magazine
CAMPUS TOUR

Visit the University of Houston in person to see for yourself what life is like on campus or choose a virtual tour to begin an interactive and immersive campus experience.

Schedule a Visit

University of Houston

Launch the University of Houston Virtual Tour

UH Academic Colleges

Launch the UH Academic Colleges Virtual Tour
University of Houston
Houston, Texas 77204
(713) 743-2255
Academic Calendar
Artificial Intelligence (AI) at UH
Campus Carry Policy
Campus Map
Career Opportunities
Directory
Emergency Information
Get Help
Human Resources
Library
Mental Health Resources
Office of the President
Parking
Report Copyright Infringement
Discrimination and Sexual Misconduct Reporting and Awareness
Open Records/Public Information Act
Texas Veterans Portal
Tuition & Fees
UH System
University Offices
Virtual Tour

©2025 University of Houston. All rights reserved.

 Report a problem with this page Texas.gov Texas Homeland Security TRAIL Fraud Reporting Fraud & Non-Compliance Hotline Linking Notice Privacy Notice Open Records/Public Information Act Institutional Résumé Required Reports Electronic & Information Resources Accessibility Discrimination and Sexual Misconduct Reporting and Awareness University Policies