Resources and tools for providers and health care professionals | UHCprovider.com Search close close Close MENU Sign In Sign in to the UnitedHealthcare Provider Portal New User & User Access Need access to the UnitedHealthcare Provider Portal? Main Menu Coverage and payments Health plans Administrative guides and manuals Drug lists and pharmacy Policies and protocols Prior authorization Eligibility and referrals Claims and payments Our network Join our network Demographics and profiles Tools and resources UnitedHealthcare Provider Portal Application Programming Interface (API) Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Forms Education and Training Resource Library Network News Emergency Alerts Members New User & User Access Skip to main content Members New User & User Access menu MENU Coverage and payments expand_more Health plans View health plans available by state Choose a location Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Choosing a location will immediately redirect Administrative guides and manuals Drug lists and pharmacy Policies and protocols Prior authorization Eligibility and referrals Claims and payments Our network expand_more Our network Join our network Demographics and profiles Tools and resources expand_more Digital tools UnitedHealthcare Provider Portal Application Programming Interface (API) Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Additional resources Forms Education and Training Resource Library Network News Emergency Alerts Sign In search Resources and tools for providers and health care professionals Welcome health care professionals Welcome health care professionals Welcome health care professionals We invite you to use this website, created especially for health care professionals, to find resources that can help you as you care for your patients. Here you can find our medical policies, stay up to date on the latest news or get training on our many tools and benefit plans. Simplify your workflow with our digital solutions Get to know the digital solutions that save you time and money and make it easier to work with us. Get the details Simplify your workflow with our digital solutions Provider Portal resources Need help with the UnitedHealthcare Provider Portal? Explore portal resources Provider Portal resources Work with us electronically Our digital solutions offer you the fastest way to find plan information, manage tasks, check statuses and decisions — all without calling. Get started Work with us electronically Find specialty resources and information Behavioral health Visit Optum Provider Express Dental Visit UHCDental.com Vision Visit marchvisioncare.com or spectera.com Physical health Visit Optum Physical Health News See all news arrow_forward December 19, 2025 Specialist services referral requirement for Medicare Advantage plans Jan. 1, 2026 Most UnitedHealthcare Medicare Advantage HMO/HMO-POS members will need a PCP referral before seeing a specialist. Read Full Update Specialist services referral requirement for Medicare Advantage plans Jan. 1, 2026 December 01, 2025 December monthly overview Review the latest UnitedHealthcare prior authorization, medical policy, pharmacy, reimbursement, laboratory and policy and protocol updates for December 2025. Read Full Update December monthly overview December 01, 2025 Discontinuation of Vyndaqel on Dec. 31, 2025 Pfizer announced they’ll discontinue Vyndaqel on Dec. 31, 2025, which will affect UnitedHealthcare Medicare members. Read Full Update Discontinuation of Vyndaqel on Dec. 31, 2025 December 01, 2025 Removal of prior authorizations for radiology and cardiology procedures Certain nuclear imaging, obstetrical ultrasound and echocardiogram procedures will no longer require prior authorization. Read Full Update Removal of prior authorizations for radiology and cardiology procedures November 26, 2025 Reimbursement Policy Update Bulletins: December 2025 You can review the details on reimbursement policy updates for December 2025 through the Commercial, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and Exchange plan bulletins. Read Full Update Reimbursement Policy Update Bulletins: December 2025 November 26, 2025 Medical Policy Updates: December 2025 Medical policy updates for December 2025 for the following plans: Medicare Advantage, Medicaid, Exchange and Commercial. Read Full Update Medical Policy Updates: December 2025 About us Contact us Careers Find a provider © 2025 UnitedHealthcare | All Rights Reserved Fraud, waste and abuse Language assistance Privacy Sitemap Terms of use