University of Houston-Downtown Skip to main content Request Info Apply AccessUHD myUHD Give Social Search Request Info Apply AccessUHD myUHD Give Social Quick Links Quick Links Academic Calendar Academic Affairs Admissions Advising Bookstore Canvas Center for Career and Professional Development Directory Events Calendar Financial Aid Gatormail Human Resources Information Technology Library myUHD Parking P.A.S.S. Police Department Strategic Plan Student Business Services Student Life Testing Services Transcripts UHD News About UHD About UHD About UHD Careers at UHD Community Engagement Data Analytics & Institutional Research Mission & Vision News Office of the President Points of Pride Quick Facts Shared Values Strategic Plan Student Achievement Information for ... Prospective Students Current Students Faculty/Staff Alumni Visitors Campus Locations All Locations UHD at Northwest UHD at 1801 UHD at LSC-CyFair UHD at LSC-Kingwood Academics Academics Colleges Marilyn Davies College of Business College of Humanities & Social Sciences College of Public Service College of Sciences & Technology Academic Affairs Academic Calendar Bookstore Catalog Class Schedule Center for Math & Statistics Support Continuing Education Degrees & Majors Honors Program Library Off Campus Instructional Sites Office of Study Abroad Tutoring Resources UHD Online Writing & Reading Center Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Admissions Apply to UHD Enrollment Management Financial Aid Scholarships Student Business Services Student Jobs Transfer Students Tuition & Fees If you're a new or returning student seeking the ultimate college experience, you're
                                             in the right place. Apply Now Student Success Student Success Academic Support Center Transfer Academy Accessible Education Center Center for Career and Professional Development Center for Math & Statistics Support Gator Success Institute Library Office of Study Abroad Registrar Student Counseling Services Student Government Association Student Handbook Student Health Services Student Success and Student Life Testing Services The Writing and Reading Center Tutoring Resources Veteran Services Student Life Student Life Bookstore Catalog Dateline Downtown Dean of Students eSports Events Calendar Gator Resource Center iRadio Sports & Fitness Student Leadership & Involvement Student Organizations Student Success and Student Life It’s not too late to register! Regular registration deadline is Jan. 10 Register Today! I am a Prospective Student Current Student Faculty & Staff Alumni Welcome to Gator Country! Learn How to Transfer Explore Options Start, Change or Grow Your Career Explore Programs, Campus Life & Admissions at UHD Explore Make Your Next Move. Begin Today! Apply Visit Campus Degree Programs A Journey Through Time: Celebrating Our Legacy Step into a visual narrative of memorable moments from the University of Houston-Downtown.
                                       This photo gallery showcases the defining events and milestones that have shaped our institution over the years.
                                       From inspiring commencement ceremonies and vibrant campus celebrations to impactful
                                       community service initiatives and groundbreaking academic achievements, each image
                                       tells a story of growth, perseverance, and unity. Join us as we honor the spirit of the Gator community and reflect on the journey that
                                       brought us to where we are today. Together, we celebrate the people , memories , and moments that have made UHD a beacon of excellence and inspiration. View Gallery Making Aspirations a Reality The Future is Now At the University of Houston-Downtown, our aspirations for the university’s future
                              continue to become reality, catapulting the institution closer to its goal as an anchor
                              university for the region. During his 2025 State of the University address, President
                              Loren J. Blanchard revealed our recent successes as we continue in our mission to
                              nurture talent, generate knowledge, and drive socioeconomic mobility for a just and
                              sustainable future. Since 2021, UHD has embarked on a comprehensive planning process—including a strategic
                              plan, academic master plan, campus master plan, and Quality Enhancement Plan—focused
                              on innovation, growth, and community engagement. In 2025, UHD received funding for
                              the new Center for Crime, Urban Research and Education (C-CURE) and acquired 11.93
                              acres of land through a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between UHD and the Texas
                              Department of Transportation (TxDOT) necessary for UHD’s Campus Master Plan. Through these efforts, UHD is enhancing its campus, expanding academic opportunities,
                              and strengthening its ties with Houston to create a vibrant, impactful university
                              for all. Learn More Featured Stories from UHD News Read More Student Success Fall 2025 79th Commencement Ceremonies Congratulations to the more than 2,000 Gators who graduated on Friday, Dec. 12, at
                                       UHD's 79th Commencement Ceremony! Student Success UHD Students Shine at the AAF District Competition Discover how UHD students fared at the American Advertising Federation (AAF) District
                                       10 Competition. Student Success Ammar Ansari is Turning UHD Lessons into Global Impact As a senior in the BS in Psychology program, Ammar Ansari has spent his undergraduate
                                       years at UHD exploring how understanding people can lead to meaningful change. Student Success Student Photo Exhibition Makes History See how UHD students used photography to preserve Houston history by documenting their
                                       communities and daily lives. Student Success Student Takes the Lead in Driving Growth of UHD’s iRacing Team For Miguel Carrera-Castillo, iRacing has grown from a pandemic hobby to both a competitive
                                       arena and a community-building effort on campus. Alumni Spotlight Living Legacy: Alumna Paula Mendoza Read about former UHS Regent and two-time UHD alumnus Paula Mendoza (class of 1995
                                       and 2017) and how she helps up and coming professionals, specifically UHD Gators,
                                       shine. Acquisition of Land Fulfills Campus Master Plan The land for UHD’s ambitious Campus Master Plan became a reality with the long-anticipated
                                 signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between UHD and the Texas Department
                                 of Transportation (TxDOT) on May 8, 2025. The 11.93 acres of land, some of which is
                                 in the middle of UHD’s campus, lie adjacent to and under the existing I-10 highway,
                                 which will be decommissioned as part of the North Houston Highway Improvement Project.
                                 The acquired land spans from just south of Milam and Girard streets to along the I-10/Providence
                                 Street corridor to McKee Street. Upcoming Events View All Jan 05 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Virtual / Online Step Into Success: Marilyn Davies College of Business - Transfer Info Session Transfer Admissions Jan 06 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Virtual / Online Grow Your Career: Level Up with an MBA Master of Business Administration, MDCOB Jan 06 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Virtual / Online Explore Careers in Social Work: MSW Info Session College of Public Service Jan 17 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM Off Campus GatorServe: Martin Luthor King Jr. Day of Service Center for Community Engagement & Service Learning Jan 22 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Virtual / Online Pathways to a Master of Social Work College of Public Service Jan 30 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Virtual / Online Coffee Chat: An Inside Look at the UHD MBA Experience Master of Business Administration, MDCOB One Main Street Houston, TX 77002 713-221-8000 Visitor Parking & Ride Share 201 Girard Street Houston, TX 77002 A–Z Index Academic Affairs Accessible Education Center Accreditation Campus Carry Policy Canvas Compact with Texans Directory Human Resources Information Technology Library Mental Health Resources Parking & Transportation Services Quality Enhancement Plan Student Achievement © 2025 University of Houston-Downtown Report a problem with this page University of Houston System Privacy Notice Fraud Reporting Fraud & Non-Compliance Hotline Linking Notice Open Records Institutional Resume State Required Reports Texas Homeland Security Texas Public Information Act (TPIA) Texas.gov HB 2504 TRAIL Sexual Misconduct & Discrimination Reporting University Policies Texas Veterans Portal Student Issue or Concern Report ©