Home - University of Illinois System {1} ##LOC[OK]## About Data Directory System Offices Our Compass Budget Guiding Principles History of the Universities Land Acknowledgement Leadership Mission & Vision Policies Strategic Framework Locations University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign University of Illinois Chicago University of Illinois Springfield UI Health Regional Campuses System Offices Impact Academics Alumni Economic Impact Healthcare Public Engagement Research & Innovation Priorities & Initiatives Access & Affordability Chicago Public Schools Engagement Dashboard Diversity, Equity & Inclusion International Partnerships Illinois Broadband Lab Illinois Innovation Network Workforce Development University of Illinois System Home University of Illinois System News Altogether Extraordinary What is altogether extraordinary? It’s leading the charge to create a brighter future for everyone. It’s driving innovation that breaks down barriers and lifts up communities. It’s transforming minds—and the world around us. Here's how: Building a smarter, stronger economy for all . Widening the doors of opportunity . Closing gaps in health and care . Partnering with purpose for the common good . Explore recent stories Read the latest news in our newsroom Sign up for our Stay Connected enewsletter THREE UNIVERSITIES. ONE SYSTEM. ALTOGETHER EXTRAORDINARY. Fueled by countless supporters and driven by the most talented individuals, we explore further, dive deeper, and reach higher. When you radically rethink potential, the impossible is made possible every day—in a thriving, micro-urban community; in the heart of a big city; and in the state capital. Combined, our three universities and healthcare enterprise bring resources, capabilities, and drive that are greater than the sum of their parts—it is altogether extraordinary. ACCESS FOR UNDERREPRESENTED STUDENTS AT AN ALL-TIME HIGH Our efforts to provide access to more students across the state are producing results, including increasing the number of underrepresented students. In the fall of 2025, underrepresented students made up 33 percent of all undergraduate students in the U of I System, an all-time high. EXPLORE ENROLLMENT DATA EXTRAORDINARY REACH From Rockford to Chicago to the Quad Cities, Peoria and the southern tip of Illinois, the University of Illinois System touches virtually every field, forest and city block in our state. In fact, more than half of all students enrolled in a public university in Illinois are enrolled at one of our three universities. We have students from 101 of 102 Illinois counties, and 79 percent of our undergraduates are in-state students. SEE OUR REACH We have students from 101 of 102 Illinois counties FINANCIAL AID Our commitment to access provides the opportunity to obtain a life-changing education to more students than ever. To make that possible, nearly half the aid our undergraduate students received – $298 million in Fiscal Year 2024 – comes from our universities. Over the past 10 years, those expenditures increased by nearly 50%. Sixty percent of our undergraduates pay less than full tuition and fees, and 33% pay nothing at all. 60 % Sixty percent of our undergraduates pay less than full tuition and fees. 41 % 40% Of undergraduate in-state students have their tuition and fees fully covered after aid and waivers. FINANCIAL AID INFO U of I System aid increased nearly 50% over 10 years OUR ALUMNI Pick a spot on the globe, and you'll almost certainly find our alumni. We are over 889,000 strong, including more than 501,000 in Illinois, and you’ll find us in all 50 states and 168 countries. Alumni of the University of Illinois System have won 25 Nobel Prizes, are finding better ways to feed a growing population, programming supercomputers, breaking new ground in music and the arts, and helping lead societies. Curtis Granderson University of Illinois Chicago Mike Hopkins University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Former Rep. Cheri Bustos University of Illinois Springfield ALUMNI EVERYWHERE R&D EXPENDITURES Our universities are laboratories for groundbreaking research and are among the most innovative in the world. In 2023, the U of I System was ranked 34th among all worldwide universities for total patents. That research is driven by the investment of more than $1 billion in federal, state and private funding a year. Year in and year out, the federal investment in our research surpasses almost every research institution in the country. POWERING RESEARCH Pumped into the Illinois economy per year AN ECONOMIC ENGINE Through its education, research and service, the University of Illinois System is a dynamic driver of the economies of the state of Illinois and the Midwest. Through our universities, hospitals and clinics, research and the companies we help launch, we pump $24.9 billion a year into the state's economy and support 225,000 jobs. And with more than 28,000 new graduates a year, our universities provide a pipeline of well-educated talent for the state's employers. OUR ECONOMIC IMPACT Explore how we make an impact Academic Excellence Research & Innovation Economic Impact Public Engagement Health & Healthcare SYSTEM LEADERSHIP & GOVERNANCE Overseeing the University of Illinois System are the board of trustees and the U of I president . Along with the chancellor/vice president of each of the universities, the board and president keep the system and its universities competitive, growing, and fully committed to the core missions of education, research, public service, and economic development. President Timothy Killeen Board of Trustees University Senates Conference System Executives x The University of Illinois System is the flagship higher education system in the state of Illinois. infosource@uillinois.edu Locations Urbana-Champaign Chicago Springfield Regional campuses Online catalog UI Health Popular Topics About the System Directory/A-to-Z list Employment opportunities Freedom of Information Act requests Make a gift News and media resources System Offices About Cookies © Copyright 2025 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois Privacy Statement and Terms of Use ↑