University of Johannesburg About Us | Students | Staff | Alumni & Convocation | Contact Us | Give to UJ | Brand Shop Our Future. Reimagined. Admissions + Aid Undergraduate Postgraduate Non-Subsidised Programmes Online Courses Online (In partnership with Higher Ed Partners SA) Assessments Global Engagement – International Students Registration Late Enquiries Check Your Status Student Finance Timetables Faculties College of Business and Economics (CBE) Faculty of Art, Design And Architecture Faculty of Education Faculty of Engineering & the Built Environment Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities Faculty of Law Faculty of Science Johannesburg Business School Teaching & Learning Academic Development and Support Division for Institutional Planning, Evaluation and Monitoring Division for Teaching Excellence Research & Innovation Research and Innovation Magazine Cimera Centre of Exellence Research and Innovation / Ideation Chairs Research Centres and Institutes NRF-Rated Researchers Technology Stations Flagship Institutes Globally Leading Researchers Distinguished Visiting Professors UJ Press Theses and Dissertations UJ Research Portal Research Development and Support Strategic Initiatives and Administration Global Engagement Postdoctoral Research Fellows Programme Postgraduate School Technology Transfer Office Library About the UJ Library How do I find? Learning Support Teaching Support Research Support Library Services Information Resources Institutional Repository Archives & Special Collections Bindery Subject/Topic/Course Guides News and Events Training sessions and Videos Remote Library Support News Events Search START TYPING AND PRESS ENTER TO SEARCH About Us Vision, Mission and Values Executive Leadership Group & Invitees Global Engagement Transformation Unit Governance Registrar’s Portfolio Publications Strategic Plan UJ Key Statistics Students Student Portal / uLink Students Achievements Academic Calendar and Regulations Assessments Information Graduation Information Student Finance Prescribed Booklists Staff Find Staff Staff Web Mail Staff Intranet Circulars Alumni Academic Transcripts Benefits Convocation Careers Dignitas Awards Support Services Academic Centres Academic Development and Support Research Centres Commercialisation and Technology Transfer Division of Academic Planning, Quality Promotion and Academic Staff Development Division for Institutional Planning, Evaluation and Monitoring Give to UJ Graphic Studio Institutional Office For HIV and AIDS Human Resources Language Unit Operations Tenders Suppliers News & Events News Events More Information UJ Store Give to UJ Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) More listed services… Online Qualification Verification Online Payments UJ Arts & Culture Postgraduate School School of Tourism and Hospitality Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation Sports Institute for Intelligent Systems Procurement and Tenders Vacancies Admissions + Aid Undergraduate Postgraduate Non-Subsidised Programmes Online Courses Online (In partnership with Higher Ed Partners SA) Assessments Global Engagement – International Students Registration Late Enquiries Check Your Status Student Finance Timetables Faculties College of Business and Economics (CBE) Faculty of Art, Design And Architecture Faculty of Education Faculty of Engineering & the Built Environment Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities Faculty of Law Faculty of Science Johannesburg Business School Teaching & Learning Academic Development and Support Division for Institutional Planning, Evaluation and Monitoring Division for Teaching Excellence Research & Innovation Research and Innovation Magazine Cimera Centre of Exellence Research and Innovation / Ideation Chairs Research Centres and Institutes NRF-Rated Researchers Technology Stations Flagship Institutes Globally Leading Researchers Distinguished Visiting Professors UJ Press Theses and Dissertations UJ Research Portal Research Development and Support Strategic Initiatives and Administration Global Engagement Postdoctoral Research Fellows Programme Postgraduate School Technology Transfer Office Library About the UJ Library How do I find? Learning Support Teaching Support Research Support Library Services Information Resources Institutional Repository Archives & Special Collections Bindery Subject/Topic/Course Guides News and Events Training sessions and Videos Remote Library Support News Events Search READ MORE UJ INSIGHT Shaping Africa's Digital Future UJ as an AI and Inovation (4IR) Hub READ MORE I MPACTFUL UJ Official UJ Community Engagement Magazine Issue #2 | 2025 Read More UJ Launches South Africa’s First UNDP-Supported UniPod, Accelerating Innovation and Entrepreneurship Digital UJ •	UJ approved short learning programmes •	Fully accredited qualifications •	Globally recognised institution LEARN MORE I want to Study Apply Here Application Status Financial Information Registration Information UJ Digital Graduation Information Latest News View All News UJ wins GMA Award and showcases LAViR at Global MOOC Conference in Mexico City Lutendo Tshifura December 8, 2025 The University of Johannesburg (UJ) has earned international recognition after being selected as one of the winners of the 2025 Global MOOC and... Read More UJ Women’s Football and Table Tennis shine at USSA Summer Championships Lutendo Tshifura December 8, 2025 The University of Johannesburg (UJ) Orange Army made a powerful statement at the 2025 University Sport South Africa (USSA) Summer Championships,... Read More Ensuring no one is left behind Lutendo Tshifura December 5, 2025 Professor Letlhokwa George Mpedi is the Vice-Chancellor and Principal of the University of Johannesburg. He recently published an opinion article... Read More UJ scholars strengthen the University’s global research reputation Lutendo Tshifura December 5, 2025 The University of Johannesburg (UJ) continues to build its reputation as one of Africa’s leading research institutions, driven by scholars whose... Read More Becoming human in southern Africa: What ancient hunter-gatherer genomes reveal Lutendo Tshifura December 4, 2025 In one of the largest African hunter-gatherer ancient-DNA studies to date, population geneticists from Uppsala University in Sweden, and a... Read More UJ TTO showcases innovation at the Science Forum South Africa Lutendo Tshifura December 2, 2025 The University of Johannesburg (UJ)’s Technology Transfer Office (UJ TTO) is taking part in the Science Forum South Africa (SFSA) at the CSIR... Read More Vice-Chancellor Message – 28 November 2025 Lutendo Tshifura November 28, 2025 Dear UJ community, To end what has been an eventful and productive year on a high note has to be one of the most gratifying experiences, both from an... Read More UJ deepens strategic partnerships in Liberia as VC meets former President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf Lutendo Tshifura November 27, 2025 A high-level delegation from the University of Johannesburg (UJ), led by the Vice-Chancellor and Principal, Prof Letlhokwa Mpedi, has spent this week... Read More Globelics International Conference highlights UJ’s commitment to global collaboration and innovation Lutendo Tshifura November 26, 2025 The voices in the Global South need to be amplified and meaningful collaboration and inclusive perspectives are the only way to enrich global... Read More UJ’s Vice-Chancellor, Prof Letlhokwa George Mpedi honoured with doctorate in Liberia Lutendo Tshifura November 25, 2025 “Whatever the next chapter may be… the future of Africa is in your capable hands.” This was the message of Professor Letlhokwa George Mpedi,... Read More Connect With UJ Events at UJ Stay updated with the latest events happening at UJ, including academic conferences, cultural festivals, sports activities, and special lectures. Find out what’s happening on and off-campus to enrich your university experience. Virtual Tours Find the campus that you are looking for and click to launch the video. REMEMBER, this is a 360-degree virtual campus tour so move the cursor around and explore, enjoy. Global Engagement Explore UJ’s global engagement through international partnerships, exchange programs, and collaborative research, fostering academic excellence and cultural understanding. UJ Social Impact The University of Johannesburg is committed to fostering closer connections with the community, reflecting its vision of advancing freedom, democracy, equality, and human dignity. Listen to UJFM UJFM 95.4 is a campus radio station that seeks to provide quality, relevant, dynamic, innovative and thought provoking programming content which speaks directly to shaping the future. Campus Life UJ offers a vibrant and dynamic campus life that fosters academic excellence, cultural diversity, and personal growth. With modern facilities, lush green spaces, and a safe environment, students can enjoy a balanced lifestyle. Quick Facts View All | Rankings HEADCOUNT 53 524 | Headcount 41 097 | Undergraduate 86% | Module Success Rate 13 506 | Graduate Output Learn More RESEARCH 73 | Research Centres and Institutes 376 | NRF-rated Researchers 1st in South Africa : Research publications, with 3 144 accredited units Learn More RANKINGS Top University for Engineering and Technology in South Africa. Learn More RANKINGS 1st in South Africa: 2023 Times Higher Education (THE) Impact Rankings. Read More Contact Us Directions & Maps Tel: +27 11 559 4555 +27 87 240 6854 e-mail: mylife@uj.ac.za Protection Services Quick Links Frequently Asked Questions UJ Whistleblowing Hotline Support Services Protection Services Vacancies Supply Chain Management Stakeholders Report View Quick Links Connect to Us © 2025 All Rights Reserved | University of Johannesburg | T&Cs Sign In | POPIA and PAIA Your privacy: By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree University of Johannesburg can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. https://www.uj.ac.za/terms-and-conditions/#cp We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Reject All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT ×