We've gone COSMIC! Check your Dot in the Universe!

Blog
0800 260 5991
Support
Support
Contact Us
Login
Control Panel Login
Email Login
New Email Login
Basket
0
DOMAINS
Domain Names
Find the perfect domain for your website
Bulk Domain Registration
Efficiently register multiple domains at once
Domain Transfers
Simple and easy domain transfers to your UK2 account
HOSTING
Web Hosting
Affordable shared hosting for any business
WordPress Hosting
Create your blog or storefront, Install WordPress in 3 simple clicks
EMAIL HOSTING
SERVERS
VPS Hosting
Virtual Server Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Dedicated Physical Server Hosting
WEBSITE BUILDER
Website Builder
Create your website with our Website Builder tools
eCommerce Websites
Easy eCommerce setup with our eCommerce Builder tools
Essential infrastructure to launch your business online
Find everything you need to build, host and launch a website for your brand with UK2.

From domain and hosting to servers and website builders, we’re here to provide a solid digital foundation and kickstart your online business.
Standard
AI
Search Domains
Domains

Find the perfect domain to showcase your brand.

Explore domains!
Hosting

Power your website with reliable, high-performance hosting.

Explore hosting
Email

Send and receive emails from a personalised brand domain.

Explore email
Website Builder

Design and build a professional website to drive your brands forward.

Explore site builder
Great
4 out of 5 based on 4550 reviews
0
+

UK businesses are growing their online presence with UK2 solutions

0
+

live web domains

0
+

email domains

0
+

websites hosted

STEP 1 - DOMAIN HOSTING

Build your brand with unique domains

Register your ideal domain name in seconds, we offer a wide selection of premium domains, from classic .com and .co.uk options to .guru and .blog. For any support or technical enquires our customer service teams are always available to you 24/7 via phone, live chat or email.

Find your domain

STEP 2 - WEB HOSTING

Affordable and scalable web hosting

Get your site online with fast, reliable, and cost-effective web hosting solutions. All of our plans include free domains (1-year+ terms only), unmetered bandwidth and 10GB of email storage, all backed by a 99.995% Service Level Agreement.

Host your website

STEP 3 - EMAIL HOSTING

Professional emails to match your domains

Show your customers you mean business and establish the credibility of your brand by aligning your email addresses to your domains. With packages starting at just £1 per month, we offer 10GB email storage, multiple mailboxes, and virus protection so you can always protect your business.

Set up your emails
Easy and quick
Easy and quick. Useful information
K K
Always good to have a friendly response…
Always good to have a friendly response to my queries. Even though I know they are often of my own making!
Mr Startup
Quick response
Quick response. Issue resolved
Richard John Roberts
Been with UK2.net since they started
Been with UK2.net since they started. Excellent value, great service and support is always there. Fast replies, solve the problem and do so in a competent, fri...
Caroline
;great service jumped on the issue…
;great service jumped on the issue straight away
S James
UK2 and staff are wonderful
I can not praise highly enough the outstanding service I have received from UK2 and in particular the wonderful Daniel N I am absolutely over the moon with th...
Nic
Quick responses and simple clear…
Quick responses and simple clear instructions.
James
Solving a Techinical Problem
My web host said that there was a problem regarding emails. Connor corrected an error that I had made and hopefully all is well. It was a very quick and effic...
Adam Dowling
Quick response and accurate resolution
Quick response and accurate resolution of issue from Daniel N, thank you. Great service.
Poole
Fantastic service from Mark N on the…
Fantastic service from Mark N on the help desk. Above and beyond, patient and knowledgeable.
Paul Hipperson
Why choose UK2?
How does UK2.NET help clients succeed online?

We offer all-round solutions to get your business online, manage your brand’s reputation and meet your digital goals. See why you should work with us:

Top-tier technology – From affordable domains to highly secure dedicated servers, our reliable infrastructure will grow as you scale your business.

24/7 support – Our expert support team is available day and night to assist you with any issues getting set up, technical advice or enquiries.

Partnerships – We have built long-standing relations with leading IT vendors to offer you the latest and greatest software and platforms like SiteLock, WordPress and StackCP – if you’re looking for cost-effective hosting solutions, we are at your service.

Does my business need a website?

Simply put – yes! Companies with an online presence traditionally receive greater numbers of prospects and customers, brand recognition and website growth than purely brick-and-mortar businesses. 80% of customers consult search engines before making a purchase so having a website will feature your brand in local search results across a wide range of devices.

Check out our available UK2’s web hosting options to get started.

What support can I expect with my UK2.NET services?

All our clients have instant access to 24-hour technical support for any queries around our products and services, integration with other tools, migration and more. We also have a dedicated knowledgebase for our most frequently asked questions so you can easily find guidance on anything you need.

Can I build my own website?

Absolutely! Our Website Builder is user-friendly for people with no technical knowledge so you’re able to do so yourself in a matter of minutes. Simply register your domain name with us, if you’re creating a brand-new site and your hosting account will be up and running in no time so you can get started.

What is WordPress?

WordPress is the world’s leading Content Management System (CMS) used to create almost 40% of all active websites around the world. With thousands of easy-to-customize templates and 58,000 unique plugins that handle image galleries, ecommerce checkouts, antivirus protection and more - you can easily build your own WordPress framework as and when needed.

Looking for a new open-source platform to get your business online? Explore our dedicated hosting packages for WordPress.

What can I do if my chosen domain name is already in use?

With over 1.7 billion live websites around the world, there’s a good chance your ideal domain name is already registered to another company. In this case, you can adopt a different TLD (for example, .today or .ltd). You can also shorten your domain name or add a word to indicate your industry or location (for example, mybrandnameiscarlisle.co.uk).

Which other companies is UK2 partnered with?

We are part of a family of businesses known collectively as The Hut Group. THG has a presence around the world, and our sister brands include bare metal server provider IngenuityCloudServices.com and our virtual private server partner VPS.NET. At the same time, UK2 still operates as a stand-alone brand, giving our customers a single point of contact.

What are the benefits of shared hosting?

UK2 offers each customer space on a shared server, meaning the contents of your website and email are securely stored on the same giant hard drives as other unrelated companies in different industries. Sharing resources helps to bring down the cost of our hosting services, while ensuring every client has plenty of resources at their disposal at any given moment.

As companies grow, they might want the greater control and customisation available from a dedicated server of their own. If this is something your business could benefit from, our sister brand THG Hosting is able to offer bare metal servers which can be configured to your exact customisation, with up to 10Gbps connectivity and over 30 global data centres. Click here to see how THG Hosting can host and support enterprise‐level businesses, with top‐tier GPU servers and industry‐leading bare metal hardware.

Sign up now for 10% off your first purchase and be the first to know about our latest product developments and offers

By signing up you are agreeing to receive marketing communications from THG Hosting brands for the latest news, blogs, surveys, event invitations and webinars. You can change your mind at any time. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.

We use cookies to offer you a better experience, analyze site traffic, and serve targeted advertisements. By continuing to use this website, you consent to use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy

Accept
Close

About UK2

Blog
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement

Services

Domain Names
Email Hosting
Web Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Website Builder
eCommerce Website Builder
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Managed Security

Support

Support
Contact Us
Services Status
Knowledgebase
Sitemap

Account

CHI Control Panel Login
Email Login
New Email Login

All prices exclude VAT. All promotions subject to terms and conditions.

© 1998 - 2025. UK-2 Limited – Registered in England and Wales, Company No. 03550739 – VAT No. GB 974860768 Registered Office Address: Icon 1 7-9 Sunbank Lane, Ringway, Altrincham, United Kingdom, WA15 0AF