UKClimbing Skip over navigation UKC Toggle navigation Your browser does not support the video tag. Menu Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Toggle navigation News Latest News Press Releases Olympics Athletes Events Diary Weekly Newsletter Job Finder Help Articles Latest Articles Destination Articles Crag Notes Climbing Skills In Focus Opinion Podcasts Trip Reports Write for UKC Gear Latest Gear Gear News Gear Reviews Competitions Latest Deals Product Videos Help Directory All Listings Find Crag Find Climbing Wall Find Climbing Club Find Outdoor Shop Find Accommodation Find Instructor/Guide Find Gear Manufacturers Find Goods/Services Help Photos Photos Photo Galleries My Photo Gallery Latest Photos Weekly Top 10 Top 200 Photos Photo Articles Help Videos Videos Videos Latest Videos Categories Hashtags Athletes Search Logbook Logbooks My Logbook Search Climb/Crags Find Crag Map Latest Ascents Recent Top Ascents Conditions Updates Videos Activity Diary Guidebooks Help Forums Forums My Forums My Topics Search Forums Premier Posts Posting Guidelines Help Search Advanced Search Login User My Profile User Options Logout from this Location Logout Everywhere Search Users Help Saved Content Photo Galleries My Photo Gallery Latest Photos Weekly Top 10 Top 200 Photos Photo Articles Help Videos Latest Videos Categories Hashtags Athletes Search My Logbook Search Climb/Crags Find Crag Map Latest Ascents Recent Top Ascents Conditions Updates Videos Activity Diary Guidebooks Help My Forums My Topics Search Forums Premier Posts Posting Guidelines Help My Profile User Options Logout from this Location Logout Everywhere Search Users Help Saved Content Featured 30th December Comments Review BritRock VII Brit Rock VII has just gone live on BritRock+, so we thought it was time to deviate from our standard product reviews and focus on some films for a change. This year there are two films featured - Little Wings and Trad Stars - although it's worth noting that the entire Brit Rock back c... Comments Trip Report An unexpected bivvy at 6,900m Comments Classic Winter - Ledge Route, Ben Nevis Comments Quiz UKC Christmas Climbing Quiz 2025 Comments News Climbing banned at Oliana Latest News News from around the world Filter by Activity: Alpine Bouldering Competitions Indoor Mountaineering Olympics Sport Trad Winter Comments Fri Night Vid Adam Ondra takes on the World's Slabbiest 9a This week's Friday Night Video is a journey back in time as Adam Ondra steps away from the steep, powerful climbing he's best known for and onto one of the smoothest, most technical challenges imaginable. In Arco, he ties in for Niobe — widely regarded as one of the world's slabbiest 9a routes. 6 19 Dec Your browser does not support the video tag. UKC Advertising Comments Gill Wootton (1961-2025) - a true friend of climbing Who have been the key figures of the British climbing community over the last 3 or 4 decades? Certain names quickly come to mind: McClure, Coxsey, Findlay, MacLeod. But a community is made up of... 6 17 Dec Comments Fri Night Vid Edu Marin takes on Eternal Flame, Trango Towers In this week's Friday Night Video, we head to the Karakoram and a stunning big wall, originally climbed by free by the Huber Brothers in 2009: Eternal Flame on the Nameless Tower. 4 12 Dec Comments Interview Tim Emmett on his long-awaited ascent of Era Vella, 9a Last month, in what was undoubtedly the feel-good ascent of the year, Tim Emmett made his long-awaited ascent of Chris Sharma's Margalef masterpiece, Era Vella (9a). 10 10 Dec More
								News Video How To Wash Your Waterproof With Grangers 2 in 1 In this video, we explain why washing and reproofing waterproof clothing with Grangers 2-in-1 is essential. Proper care of high-performance waterproofs has never been more important. Regular washing and reproofing not only helps maintain breathability and weather protection, but also extends the life of technical fabrics — including next-generation membranes like Gore-Tex ePE — reducing environmental impact while keeping your kit performing as it should. This video is blocked because you have disabled Social Media cookies Please enable
							them to
					view the content All
									Videos Latest Articles Article Types: Latest Articles Destination Articles Climbing								Skills Opinion In
								Focus Trip
								Reports Comments Feature Gertrude Bell - the best of all Edwardian 'lady mountaineers'? From the first ascent of the Lauteraarhorn-Schreckhorn traverse, to a futuristic - if... 3 19 Dec Comments The Complexities of a Father-Son Climbing Relationship 'You sure you're up for it?' asked Dad as I tied in. I could tell he was nervous. 'I'm up for it,' I replied, trying to sound confident to inspire reassurance. We were standing on the belay ledge at the foot of Great Wall on Creag Dubh.... 24 15 Dec Comments Interview Arthur Hill's New Winter Bob Graham Round Record Relative newcomer Arthur Hill recently made waves on the fells, setting a new record for a winter Bob Graham Round. Running in very wet conditions, Arthur completed the round in 14:54:23, taking over 3 minutes off the previous winter... 8 15 Dec Comments Feature Freeing the Magic Mushroom It was a big ask for my first route on El Cap, with 30 pitches up to 8b+, and more than 10 over 8a. Was I biting off more than I could chew? Regardless, I was excited to try and commit to a big project and see it through with my best effort… 9 12 Dec Comments How to Hike the Pacific Crest Trail Stretching a whopping 2,650 miles from the Mexican border to Canada, the Pacific Crest Trail is one of the most iconic and varied long-distance trails in the world. Here, Cicerone Press, publishers of the definitive guidebook to the route, share everything you... 9 8 Dec Comments Destination Guide My Favourite Route: Dillon Chana - Moonraker (HVS 5a), Berry Head Comments Bouldering in the Jordanian Desert Comments Skills 15 Tips for Better (Safer) Rock Climbing Comments Winter Mountain Weather Woes? Running to the Rescue All Articles Photo of the Week Lee sending Brain Dead, Cratcliffe Tor. ©
								Punter_Pro Lee sending Brain Dead, Cratcliffe Tor. ©
											Punter_Pro Weekly Top 10 Photos Gear Reviews These are reviews from the UKC							editorial team Filter by Activity: Alpine Bouldering Indoor Sport Trad Training Winter Comments Climbing Shoes of 2025 From budget-friendly beginner's models to the latest refinements at the upper end of the performance scale, indoors and out, soft and supportive, our climbing shoe reviews over the year have covered most of the newsworthy new models from the le... 6 18 Dec Comments Winter Walking Gear of 2025 At this chilly time of year, thoughts turn to the kit that will keep you warm, safe and comfortable in the snowbound hills. From insulated jackets to mountain packs, crampons to headtorches, here's a roundup of all the winter-oriented new gear we reviewed over... 17 Dec Comments Christmas Books - Our Best Reads of 2025 What better way to while away the long dark nights of the festive season than with a plate of mince pies and a good outdoor book or two? From long-awaited guides and glossy greatest-routes compendiums to meditations on history and the hills, here are... 16 Dec All Gear Reviews Latest Competitions Comments Open Comp Win a Montbell Superior Down Jacket The Montbell Superior Down Jacket is designed around 2 simple philosophies: Light and Fast, and Function is Beauty. Here's your chance to win one... 11 Dec Comments Open Comp Win a Pair of MICROspikes® Ghost Take fast and light travel over steep, icy terrain to the next level with all the performance of our legendary MICROspikes® footwear traction at a whisper of the weight. 2 1 Dec Winner announced WINNER - Win a pair of Trekmates Apex GTX Gloves 24 Nov View All
						Competitions Gear News & Press Releases These are announcements direct from Manufacturers & Brands Comments Patizon: Ultralight done right. Yes. We're pretty sure you haven't heard about Patizon yet. But that's about to change dramatically. Because these down sleeping bags & jackets drag attention and it's well deserved. Comments La Sportiva UK launches new dedicated climbing-shoe repair & resole service Comments Christmas Gift Guide from EDELRID Comments Extreme Rock Book Launch - Kendal Mountain Festival Comments Discover the Hidden Himalayan Climbing Paradise:  Rakchham, the new Guidebook All Gear News View All Press Releases Recent Jobs Comments Head Route Setter - The Climbing Hangar Southampton & Reading We are on the hunt for two Head Route Setters, one for our Southampton site and another for our Reading site who have the skills and energy to thrive in our fast-paced and fun workspace! 23 Dec Comments Senior Instructor - Glasgow Climbing Centre Glasgow Climbing Centre is a premier rope climbing venue situated in Ibrox. Established in 1994 Glasgow Climbing Centre caters to a large community of climbers from experienced veterans to beginners trying out climbing for the first time. Alongside a... 19 Dec Job
						Finder Switch to Advertising on UKC Write for UKC About UKC Contact Us Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies © UKClimbing Limited. All rights reserved. Loading Notifications...