Leading Cloud, Security & Digital Technology Provider for AI | ANS Cookie Settings Back Submit Search Solutions Cloud Overview Cloud Solutions Azure Managed Services AWS Managed Services Virtual Private Cloud Azure Virtual Desktop Private Cloud Sovereign Cloud Services Cloud Migration Cloud Consultancy Managed Hosting eCommerce Hosting Magento Hosting Managed Colocation Dynamics 365 Overview Applications Dynamics 365 Sales Dynamics 365 Customer Service Dynamics 365 Customer Insights Dynamics 365 Field Service Dynamics 365 Managed Support Industries Dynamics 365 for Not for Profit Dynamics 365 for Professional Services Dynamics 365 for Higher Education Dynamics 365 for Manufacturing Dynamics 365 for Local and Central Government Security Overview Security Services Managed Detection and Response Managed XDR Managed SASE Security Centre of Excellence (CoE) AI Readiness Secured Report AI and Data Overview AI and Data AI Readiness AI Readiness Report Journey to AI App Microsoft Copilot Artificial intelligence & machine learning Modern data platforms Low Code Overview Cloud Solutions Azure Managed Services AWS Managed Services Virtual Private Cloud Azure Virtual Desktop Private Cloud Sovereign Cloud Managed Cloud Services Services Cloud Migration Cloud Consultancy Managed Hosting eCommerce Hosting Magento Hosting Managed Colocation Applications Dynamics 365 Sales Dynamics 365 Customer Service Dynamics 365 Customer Insights Dynamics 365 Field Service Dynamics 365 Managed Support Dynamics 365 CRM Industries Dynamics 365 for Not for Profit Dynamics 365 for Professional Services Dynamics 365 for Higher Education Dynamics 365 for Manufacturing Dynamics 365 for Local and Central Government Security Services Managed Detection and Response Managed XDR Managed SASE Security Centre of Excellence (CoE) AI Readiness Secured Report Managed Security Services AI and Data AI Readiness AI Readiness Report Journey to AI App Microsoft Copilot Artificial intelligence & machine learning Modern data platforms AI and Data Low-code Platform Microsoft Power Platform Channel Channel We offer our cloud, security, and digital services to enable all our partners to build their perfect proposition and generate additional revenue. Use Cases ANS Partner Programme Cloud Partner Programme Why Partner With Us Become a Partner About us About us Insights Careers Events Frameworks About ANS Our Company We’re on a mission to make the world's best cloud & digital services available for all. Our Approach Navigate, Launch, Evolve Our Partners We hold accreditations with the world's leading tech companies. Our Data Centres Resilience, speed, and hyper-fast connectivity. Our Sustainability We are committed to driving meaningful change for a greener future. Industries Financial services Manufacturing Professional Services ISV and Digital Higher Education Defence See all industries Industries Defence Government Health & Social Care Social Housing Not For Profit Police Higher Education Our Frameworks Overview Customer Stories Login Submit Search Login Call us Sales: Support: 0333 014 2999 Get in touch ANS is the 2025 Microsoft UK Partner of the Year This award celebrates the exceptional outcomes we’ve delivered for customers using solutions and services from across the Microsoft ecosystem. Cloud Security Data Dynamics Low Code AI Readiness We are the 2025 Microsoft UK Partner of the Year. Learn more. How Ready are UK Businesses for AI? ANS, in partnership with YouGov, surveyed 1,000 IT decision-makers in the UK to gauge the current state of AI readiness and adoption across various sectors and organisational sizes. Get the report How Virtual Private Cloud is removing barriers to growth. In “ Making Cloud Accessible and Affordable for Small Businesses ”, produced in partnership with ITPro, we provide in-depth insights into how Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) can help SMBs overcome these challenges. Get the report We Are Microsoft UK Services Partner of the Year 2024 This prestigious award recognises our innovation, excellence, and contribution in delivering Microsoft solutions that help our customers transform their organisations. Learn More Managed Security Services With the highest levels of security certification from the industry’s leading security providers, our own UK-based Security Operations Centre and an extensive team of fully vetted Security engineers, ANS delivers comprehensive highly accredited cybersecurity solutions. Learn more Trusted By Leading Brands Hear from our customers View all customer stories Customer Story Business Applications ISV & Services 4 min read ANS and Calisen: A Four-Year Partnership Driving Digital Transformation Customer Story AI Government 3 min read ANS & Manchester City Council: Driving Digital Enablement in Public Services Customer Story Cloud Retail, Transport & Hospitality 3 min read The UK’s leading Cruise Tour Operator highlights wins from ANS Partnership AI Readiness Secured Is Your AI Strategy Secure Enough to Succeed? AI is no longer optional – 94% of UK IT leaders say it’s critical to their strategy in the next 1–3 years. But with only 37% prioritising AI security , are organisations sleepwalking into risk? We surveyed 2,000+ IT decision-makers to uncover how security is shaping AI adoption – and where the gaps are. 👉 Download the full report to see how your peers are preparing – and what you might be missing. Get the report Elite accreditations. Partnerships that deliver. View all partners ANS Insights See all the latests news and opinion from the ANS experts. Insight Business Applications 28 May 2025 6 min read D365 Business Applications: AI Agents Are Taking Over!… Insight AI 15 Apr 2025 35 min read How to AI Prompt (Effectively) with Microsoft 365 Copilot Insight AI 27 Jun 2024 6 min read ANS wins Microsoft UK Services Partner of the Year Award 2024 Talk to us. To find out more about ANS or talk to one of our experts, please don’t hesitate to get in touch. Get in touch Who we work with. SMB If you are a team of up to 300 people, ANS can help you do more with less. Enterprise No matter what sector you work in, we can help accelerate your digital transformation. Channel We enable all our partners to build their perfect proposition and generate additional revenue. Public sector From defence to education, healthcare to government, ANS is here to help. What we do Azure Managed Services AWS Managed Services Private Cloud Virtual Private Cloud Dynamics 365 CRM Managed Security Services Data & AI Low code About ANS Our Company Our Approach Our Partners Our UK Data Centres ANS Reviews Preact Sci-Net Careers Careers Overview Open Roles Why work at ANS Life at ANS Apprenticeships Support ANS Glass Portal Contact Us Press Enquiries Documentation Social Terms and Conditions Supplier Onboarding Terms Policies Privacy Policy Corporate Guidance Sitemap Certifications Service Definitions ANS Group Limited, registered in England and Wales, company registration number 03176761, registered office 1 Archway, Birley Fields, Manchester M15 5QJ ANS® is a registered trademark of ANS Group Limited.