This site uses cookies

Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.

For more detailed information please check our cookie policy (opens in a new tab)

Accept All CookiesReject All Cookies
Necessary Cookies

Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.

Cookies that measure website use

We use Google Analytics, Siteimprove Analytics and Hotjar to measure how you use the website so we can improve it based on user needs. Google Analytics and Siteimprove Analytics both set cookies that store anonymised information about how you got to the site, the pages you visit, how long you spend on each page and what you click on while you're visiting the site. Hotjar sets cookies that store pseudonymised information about how long you spend on each page, what links you click on and the device and browser you are using.

Cookies that measure website use
On
Off
Skip to main content
Apply for funding
 
Manage your award
 
What we do
 
News and events
 
Who we are
 
Our councils
	
Search term
Find funding
UK Research and Innovation

Advancing knowledge, improving lives, driving growth

Featured

Manchester firm's success from European collaboration

Commercialisation for green growth and better lives

Future Makers: socks that could improve dementia care

News

22 December 2025

What’s the state of the nation’s innovation?

Innovate UK

19 December 2025

MRC invests in experimental medicine dementia studies

MRC

19 December 2025

Could sound waves help slow brain ageing?

MRC

19 December 2025

Depressive symptoms in midlife linked to increased dementia risk

MRC

18 December 2025

NERC funding helps uncover whether we’ll have a white Christmas

NERC
View all news
Subscribe to UKRI emails

Keep up to date with funding, news and events, and a weekly newsletter.

Subscribe
Blog

10 December 2025

Making sense of MRC translational funding: a simple guide

MRC
blog

26 November 2025

Insider insights: What’s new for the Women in Innovation Awards

Innovate UK
blog
View all blog posts
Who we are

We invest £8 billion of taxpayers’ money each year into research and innovation and the people who make it happen. We work across a huge range of fields – from biodiversity conservation to quantum computing, and from space telescopes to innovative health care. We give everyone the opportunity to contribute and to benefit, bringing together people and organisations nationally and globally to create, develop and deploy new ideas and technologies.

Read our first five-year strategy

This is the website for UKRI: our seven research councils, Research England and Innovate UK. Let us know if you have feedback or would like to help improve our online products and services.

Our councils
AHRC
BBSRC
ESRC
EPSRC
Innovate UK
MRC
NERC
Research England
STFC
Useful links
Accessibility statement
Contact us
Cymraeg
Freedom of information
Modern slavery and human trafficking
Work for us: jobs and advisory roles
Connect with us
UKRI LinkedIn
UKRI for researchers YouTube
UKRI stories YouTube
UKRI Instagram
UKRI Facebook
UKRI Medium
Support links
© 2025 Copyright UKRI 
Cookie policy Privacy notice Terms of use National Fraud Initiative