Skip to main content
Industries
Services
Software
About Us
Resources
Careers
Investors
Menu
Deliver what matters most

Elevate consumer experiences, strengthen brand trust, and inspire confidence in the safety, performance and sustainability of your products.

Let's go

 

Future-proofed innovation starts with safety

Innovate with confidence ahead of the megatrends that are reshaping our world.

Streamline market access

Bring your innovations to the world.

Let's go

Data Centers

Solve the challenges of continued reliability in vital data center infrastructure.

Take the lead

Verification and Validation

Give customers a reason to believe — and buy.

Stand out

Sustainability

Embed sustainability into your products, buildings and enterprises.

Learn how

 

UL Solutions experts are disruptors of the best kind in the business of working for a safer world
 
Meet the experts

 

What do we do for our customers?

We support product innovation and business growth for more than 80,000 customers across more than 110 countries.

Certification services

Evaluate and test your products to make sure they meet go-to-market entry requirements for safety and performance.

Learn more

Testing services

Our global team’s knowledge helps you stay ahead of the curve on evolving requirements, materials and technologies.

Learn more

Verification services

Trusted, independent confirmation of your environmental and marketing claims that adds confidence and credibility to your offerings.

Learn more

Auditing and inspections

In-depth audits and inspections work to pinpoint inconsistencies, weaknesses and risks.

Learn more

Software

Work smarter and win more, with powerful software to manage regulatory, supply chain and sustainability challenges.

Learn more

Learning and development

Empower your team with the knowledge to stay ahead in an evolving market.

Learn more

Field evaluation services

International Accreditation Service (IAS)-accredited, on-site evaluations to verify product, safety and performance in real-world settings.

Learn more

Advisory services

Expert advice to navigate market complexities and regulatory requirements.

Learn more

	
	
	
1:37
	
Make science your advantage

At UL Solutions, we support our customers in innovating, launching new products and services, and navigating complex global markets. From the adoption of electrification to the enablement of 5G and new mobility, we are committed to fostering a safer world.

 

 

Can we help you find certification information?

 

Find a product certification

Locate certifications to confirm product compliance with applicable standards.

Search now

 

Find a sustainable product certification

Identify eco-friendly products that meet sustainability criteria.

Search now

 

Follow-up certification services

Access ongoing support and updates for your certified products.

Learn more

 

 

 

Customer resources

 

Standards catalog

Guiding the safety and sustainability of both emerging and legacy products since 1894 

Search the catalog

myUL® Client Portal

Register today and access all your information in one convenient place.

Sign in to myUL

Marks and Label Hub

Manage all your UL Mark and label needs efficiently.

Go to Marks and Label Hub

 

Inside UL Solutions

 

Our mission

Our mission is working for a safer world.
 

 

 

Learn more
Laboratories and offices

Worldwide facilities to serve emerging and established markets with precision

 

View locations
Learning and development

Professional development offerings that include instructor-led sessions, custom workshops and on-demand e-learning courses

Learn more
News

Your source for the latest news, insights and updates from UL Solutions

 

 

Read news
Cookies on UL Solutions
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Learn more
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies
CAREERS
Working at UL Solutions
UL Solutions Careers
HELP AND SUPPORT
Help Center
Tools, Apps and Databases
Report a Concern
CONTACT CENTER
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Locations
ABOUT US
News
Media Center
Investor Relations
CHOOSE A REGION
Choose a region
Select a regional website
Argentina (Español)
Australia and New Zealand (English)
Brazil (Português)
Canada (English)
Canadá (Français Canadien)
China (简体中文)
Colombia (Español)
Denmark (English)
France (English)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Germany (English)
Hong Kong (繁體中文)
India (English)
Italy (English)
Italy (Italiano)
Japan (日本語)
Korea (한국어)
Mexico (English)
Mexico (Español)
Spain (English)
Spain (Español)
Taiwan (繁體中文)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Vietnam (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)

© 2025 UL LLC. All rights reserved.

Online Policies Impressum About Cookies Data Subject Access Request Portal Cookie Preferences
LinkedIn
 
X
 
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Youtube