Welcome to the University of Lethbridge | University of Lethbridge Skip to main content Library Directory Intranet MyExperience Webmail Bridge Moodle Study here Give Search Close Search Admissions Toggle Dropdown English for Academic Purposes Programs Tuition and Funding Academics Toggle Dropdown Academic Calendar Faculties and Schools Faculty and Staff Directory Library Programs Student Enrolment and Registrar Services Dual Credit Research Campus life Toggle Dropdown Athletics Campus maps Events Fitness and recreation Housing Parking and transportation Student Guide to ULife Student opportunities Student services Community Toggle Dropdown Alumni Giving Public programs and events Calgary Campus About Toggle Dropdown About Lethbridge Administrative departments Contact Facts History Leadership Our brand Our campuses Planning & Reporting Policies Strategic priorities Library Directory Intranet MyExperience Webmail Bridge Moodle Study here Give Search Study here Give The only perspective missing is yours. Curiosity pays off — literally. Apply for awards by March 15. Discover award opportunities Image Explore programs Choose from our selection of over 255 undergraduate and graduate programs. Undergraduate Graduate Scholarships. Simplified. With one application, you can be considered for most awards. Apply for awards Apply today Your future's calling. Let's go! Start your application The only perspective missing is yours. Curiosity pays off — literally. Apply for awards by March 15. Discover award opportunities Image Start your application Image Graduate Studies Webinar Series Your next step doesn’t start with an answer. It starts with a question. Discover graduate opportunities at ULethbridge through our webinar series, Oct. 14 – Jan. 12. Explore webinars Check out our graduate programs News & stories News & stories More news More stories University community mourns passing of former president Dr. Bill Cade Read this story ULethbridge iGEM team pivots project, earns silver with prototype genome machine Read this story Canadian association established to examine philosophical principles of AI Read this story More news More stories Events More events Events Mar 5 Orlando adapted by Sarah Ruhl Mainstage Production 7:30 PM Mar 11 2026 University of Lethbridge International Women's Day Leadership Conference 9:00 AM Horns Nation Game schedule Discover athletics Image Explore the Arts Upcoming shows Our Galleries Image More events About ULethbridge We are Iniskim. Founded in 1967 on traditional Blackfoot land, the University of Lethbridge is home to 8,000 undergraduate and graduate students from around the world. We are one of Canada's leading research institutions. Our Blackfoot name, gifted to us by Elder Bruce Wolf Child is Iniskim , meaning Sacred Buffalo Stone. Learn about ULethbridge Learn about Lethbridge, Alberta Quick links: International students Faculties & schools Our research Strategic plan Our brand ULethbridge in Calgary In Calgary, ULethbridge offers flexible undergraduate and graduate programs, offering evening, weekend, online and blended delivery options for all types of students. Explore the Calgary Campus ULethbridge in Calgary In Calgary, ULethbridge offers flexible undergraduate and graduate programs, offering evening, weekend, online and blended delivery options for all types of students. Explore the Calgary Campus Oki! Welcome to Iniskim. The University of Lethbridge acknowledges and deeply appreciates the Siksikaitsitapi Peoples’ connection to their territory. We, as people living and benefiting from Blackfoot Confederacy territory, honour the traditions of people who have cared for this land since time immemorial. We recognize the diverse population of Indigenous Peoples who attend the University of Lethbridge and the contributions all Indigenous Peoples have made in shaping and strengthening the University community in the past, present and in the future. Learn about Indigenous Services Students Academic calendar Student Enrolment and Registrar Services Student opportunities Student services Study here Information for Alumni Donors Visitors and community Campus Careers at uLethbridge Events Faculty and staff intranet Maps and tours News Lethbridge Campus 4401 University Drive Lethbridge, Alberta, T1K 3M4 Calgary Campus Suite 6032, 345-6th Ave SE Calgary, Alberta, T2G 4V1 Contact Us Faculty & Staff Directory The University of Lethbridge is located on traditional Blackfoot Confederacy territory. We honour the Blackfoot people and their traditional ways of knowing in caring for this land, as well as all Indigenous peoples who have helped shape and continue to strengthen our University community. Follow us on social media ©2025 University of Lethbridge | Terms of use