UltiMaker: Professional 3D Printers that Empower Innovation 3D printers Back Explore all 3D printers Factor series Industrial-grade performance. Factor 4 New S series 3D printers Unlimited application potential. S8 S8 Pro Bundle S6 New S3 All S series printers S series Secure New Method series 3D printers Specialized for engineering applications. Method XL Method X All Method series printers Sketch Series Our fastest PLA printer MakerBot Sketch Sprint New Materials Back Factor series materials High-performance and certified materials Factor series materials New Third-party materials S series materials Over 300 materials to choose from. S series materials New Third-party materials Metal Expansion Kit PET CF Expansion Kit Composite materials New Method series materials From polymers to composites to metals. Method series materials Labs materials Composite materials New Software Back UltiMaker Cura Digital Factory CloudPrint Accessories Back Service plans and accesories PVARS UltiMakerCare Material Station Material kits PET CF Expansion kit Metal Expansion Kit Applications Back Automotive Optimize production processes Automotive applications Technical whitepaper Defense Keeping defense assets operational Defense applications Technical whitepaper UltiMaker Secure New Education Education platfom 3D Printing in Education Free Guidebook Manufacturing Increase productivity and OEE Manufacturing applications Technical whitepaper Learn Back Blog Webinars White papers Success stories Contact us Back Support Explore our support content Support articles Contact sales Pricing or financing options Become a reseller Request a quote Contact us Press and general inquiries Contact our team Open a support ticket Contact our support team directly Submit a ticket Popular Searches S series 3D printers 3D printing materials Latest Cura release Method 3D printer Sign in Register Back CloudPrint Digital Factory Marketplace Community Academy Thingiverse Partner portal Account Sign in Register EN Back EN English ZH Chinese NL Dutch FR French DE German IT Italian JA Japanese KO Korean ES Spanish Request A Quote Popular Searches S series 3D printers 3D printing materials Latest Cura release Method 3D printer Composite-Ready S Series Printers Starting at $2,999 New pricing. Same award-winning performance. Don’t miss your chance to save on advanced dual-extrusion 3D printing—backed by unmatched reliability, material versatility, and an open platform built for professionals. Learn more Setup to success: 3D printing guide for Manufacturing The guide is industry-specific and helps you understand the 3D printing workflow, provides high-value application ideas, and a detailed case study for you to draw inspiration from. Download the PDF Whales, Drones and 3D printers How Ocean Alliance Uses 3D Printing for Drone-Based Whale Tagging "We really need to develop new tools and new technologies to sort of dive with the whales into the abyss.” Watch the video The Carbon Composites Guide Applications, properties and 3D printing tricks. Unlock the full potential of carbon composites with UltiMaker’s updated Carbon Composites Guide. Download the PDF UltiMaker S6 Our most flexible 3D Printing platform Versatility and modularity, now supercharged with innovations like the UltiMaker Cheetah for up to 4x productivity. Familiarity, redefined for today's demands. Learn more Take our 5 question test to find your best fit. Find your ideal 3D printer. Start your quiz Industry Print volume Materials Accuracy Features Which industry do you work in? Select Multiple Education Maker Automotive Aerospace Product development Other What printing volume are you looking for? Select One Medium 230 x 190 x 200 mm 9 x 7.5 x 7.9 in Large 330 x 240 x 300 mm 13 x 9.5 x 11.8 in What materials do you expect to 3D print with? Select One PLA Ideal for printing functional prototypes ABS Test prototypes before entering full production. Composites Produce tools and end-use parts with improved strength, stiffness, and heat-deflection. All of the above Click and print with 280+ materials No Preference What are your required tolerances? Select Multiple Efficient Greater than 0.5mm Accurate 0.2 - 0.5 mm Extremely Precise Less than 0.2mm Which features are you looking for in 3D printers? Select Multiple Materials Availability Accuracy Print speed Air Filtration I'm not sure Previous Next Get your results sent to your inbox! Save your results to reference them at any time. No, thanks. Just see my results A copy of result has been sent to your email! Your results are in! Save your results Download our latest whitepaper for free! Unlock the full potential of carbon composites with UltiMaker’s updated 2025 Carbon Composites Guide—your go-to resource for designing and 3D printing high-performance parts using our wide range of composite materials. Download now Talk to an expert Reselect The fastest desktop dual material professional 3D printer made in Europe. UltiMaker S8 Unlock new levels of efficiency with the new UltiMaker Cheetah motion planner, redesigned high flow print cores, built in accelerometer, new feeder system and improved firmware Learn more > Industrial-grade performance. Reliable and repeatable results. Factor 4 UltiMaker Factor 4, our new industrial-grade 3D printer, streamlines production, simplifies processes, and keeps operations running. Learn more > 3D print with ease. Innovate without limits. S series 3D printers Design. Print. Repeat. Unlock high-value applications and reduce costs with our professional 3D printing ecosystem. Learn more > UltiMaker S series Unlimited application potential. The power of the S series lies in its versatility. Explore new 3D printing applications using the widest choice of materials on the market – making them the perfect for prototyping and manufacturing aids of all sizes. They use 2.85 mm filament and unlock the full power of UltiMaker Cura to simplify your workflow. Learn more Specialized 3D Printers for Engineering Applications Method series 3D printers The Method series is designed for the high-quality production of tools and end-use parts. Their actively heated build chambers, direct drive, and rigid metal frame make it easy to 3D print a specific range of engineering-grade materials with high repeatability and dimensional accuracy using 1.75 mm filament. Learn more > UltiMaker Method series Specialized for engineering applications. The Method series is designed for the high-quality production of tools and end-use parts. Their actively heated build chambers, direct drive, and rigid metal frame make it easy to 3D print a specific range of engineering-grade materials with high repeatability and dimensional accuracy using 1.75 mm filament. Learn more Watch video Trusted by the world's top designers and engineers Materials 3D printing materials. The choice is yours. The widest choice of high-quality 3D printer filaments on the market. Formulated for S series and Method series 3D printers to achieve results for almost any application you can think of. S series materials Software UltiMaker Cura Trusted by millions of users, UltiMaker Cura is the world’s most popular 3D printing software. Prepare prints with a few clicks, integrate with CAD software for an easier workflow, or dive into custom settings for in-depth control. Download for free 3D printers Factor series printers Factor 4 S series printers S8 S8 Pro Bundle S7 S6 S5 S3 Method series printers Method XL Method X CF Method X Software UltiMaker Cura Digital Factory CloudPrint Materials For Factor series printers Factor 4 materials For S series printers All S series materials Third-party materials Metal Expansion Kit For Method series printers All Method series materials LABS materials Applications Automotive Defense Manufacturing Product development Packaging lines UltiMaker About us Press Legal Partner portal Find resellers Become a reseller Join our Community Contact us Careers Support Join our newsletter English Chinese (Simplified) Dutch French German Italian Japanese Korean Spanish © 2011-2025 UltiMaker Terms of use Privacy and cookie statement × We value your privacy. UltiMaker uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. Tracking cookies enhance your experience on
				our website and may also collect your personal data outside of Ultimaker websites. If you agree with the
				use of tracking cookies, click “Accept all”. You can withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not
				consent with the use of tracking cookies, click “Manage”. You can find more information about cookies on
				our Privacy and
					Cookie Policy page. Manage Accept all Consent to cookies × Category Strictly Necessary Functional To monitor the performance of our site and to enhance your browsing experience. Analytics To understand user behavior in order to provide you with a more relevant browsing experience or
					personalize the content on our site. Advertising To personalized and measure the effectiveness of advertising on our site and other websites. Save Accept all