Skip to main content

The University of Manitoba campuses and research spaces are located on original lands of Anishinaabeg, Ininiwak, Anisininewuk, Dakota Oyate, Dene and Inuit, and on the National Homeland of the Red River Métis. More

Functional Menu
Current students
Faculty and staff
Alumni
Email
News and events
Call To Action Menu
VISIT
APPLY
DONATE
Main Menu
Admissions
Academics
Research
Student Supports
Community
About UM
Back to top 
Happy holidays Bisons!

Wishing you the best of the season and a bright new year!

VIDEO: WATCH US GATHER TOGETHER FOR THE HOLIDAYS

At the University of Manitoba, you are a Bison. Join the Herd and step into a world of possibility. Choose from more than 250 undergraduate and graduate programs to find your path and make your move. Here, you’ll gain hands-on experience, build a career you’re passionate about and shape a future full of potential. We are the largest and only research-intensive post-secondary school in Manitoba. Working together we can create positive change in our province and around the world.

Study with us
Undergraduate studies

What kind of Bison are you? Start your university journey by choosing from the largest selection of programs in Manitoba. Whether you're set on your path or still exploring, we're here to help you succeed.

Find a program
Tuition and fees
Undergraduate student experience
International admissions
Indigenous community at UM

Explore undergraduate studies 

Apply now

Graduate studies

As a graduate student at UM, you’ll lead the way in making discoveries that matter. Build on your expertise and expand your horizons in one of our many graduate programs.

Find a program
Funding, awards, and financial aid
Admissions

Explore graduate studies 

Apply now

Extended Education

Working professionals and current students: expand your skillset and advance your career with UM’s Extended Education programs. Continue your learning journey with us and broaden your impact.

Programs and courses
Student supports

Explore Extended Education 

Apply now

Find a program
 All programs  Undergraduate  Graduate  Continuing education
Why UM?

Because of the opportunities we offer. We are the only post-secondary institution in Manitoba that educates our lawyers, engineers, architects, actuaries and the majority of our health care professionals. We are a world-class university and the largest source of skilled professionals in Manitoba.

Because here you have the chance to study Arctic sea-ice at the Churchill Marine Observatory, or to create the hardy crops that nourish and feed our communities, or to help develop life-saving health care technologies.

Because we are Bisons—and we are ready to lead.

More than

31,000

students trust their education to UM

UM awards

$40M

to students each year

We are a member of the

U15

and we provide access to more research opportunities here than anywhere else in Manitoba

More than

40+

UM programs provide access to industry experts

Learn more about UM
Be a part of research at UM

Help us make the world a better place.

As one of Canada’s top research universities and a proud member of the U15, the University of Manitoba leads the way in research excellence. We attract the most research funding in Manitoba, fuelling discoveries that drive real change—both locally and globally.

From groundbreaking health innovations to safeguarding water and food security to studying the impacts of climate change, our researchers push boundaries and solve some of the world’s most urgent, and complex, challenges. Be a part of the change.

Discover UM's research priorities

Learn how UM researchers are "Bisons at the centre of bold ideas"

News and stories
View more news and stories
Top newsmakers of 2025 

Students

A year in review

Students

The Last Ice

UM Today

What Does it Take to Grow Vegetables that Fight Disease?

UM Today

Keep exploring
Experience the UM community
Check out our campuses
Connect with alumni
Browse our libraries
Join us at Open House
Careers
Media
People search
Research experts
Accessibility

University of Manitoba
Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada


Maps and directions
1-800-432-1960 (North America)
Emergency: 204-474-9341
Emergency information
All social
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Website feedback

© 2025 University of Manitoba

We use cookies to give you the best website experience. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can find out more about our use of cookies in our Privacy Statement.

OK, I agree