UMass Dartmouth Skip to main content Support UMassD Directory Check My Status myUMassD University of Massachusetts Dartmouth MENU About Admissions Academics Research Outreach Student Life Athletics Alumni & Friends UMass Dartmouth Show carousel and video controls Carousel Video Slide: Slide: Slide: Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Please upgrade your browser. Discover UMassD See what we're all about. #ProudtobeUMassD About us Plan a visit Free tuition program The UMass Dartmouth Deal covers full tuition and mandatory fees for Massachusetts students who demonstrate financial need. More about free tuition Watch student stories Explore how creativity, innovation, and hands-on learning define the UMass Dartmouth student experience on The College Tour! Watch now Aerial view of the campus Aerial view of the campus Aerial view of the campus Aerial view of the campus Previous Next Academic Programs Programs Apply Apply Visit Visit Request Information info Toggle navigation from this section CLOSE In this section About Admissions Academics Research Outreach Student Life Athletics Alumni & Friends In this section About Admissions Academics Research Outreach Student Life Athletics Alumni & Friends Toggle share controls Share on Facebook Share this on X Share on LinkedIn Print this page Email this page Copy URL Link copied to clipboard! University of Massachusetts Dartmouth HOME UMass Dartmouth Ambition. Inspiration. Success. Stories that celebrate the UMass Dartmouth spirit of achievement. Feature Stories 2025 Sam Riley '26: Finding direction, discipline, and purpose "Once I stopped pretending I had to do it all on my own, I started maturing. I found community here. That changed everything." - Sam Riley '26 Sam Riley '26: Finding direction, discipline, and purpose First-gen College Now student reflects on how UMass Dartmouth helped him grow into a leader and entrepreneur Elijah Facchiano '26: Researching real-life Iron Man 4+1 BS/MS chemistry student makes scientific and personal connections to fulfill his passion for impactful research Maryana Sawaged MPP '21: "Policy is about people" Empowered by education, driven by purpose: one alum’s rise in public policy Aditya Sahu MS '25: AI engineer at Amazon Computer science alum starts career as an AI engineer at Amazon Lindsay Graff PhD '27: Shark conservation research SMAST PhD student shares what it's like to study sharks all over the world. Life on campus Some of your most important college experiences will happen outside the classroom. On-campus experience First-year residence halls Living & Learning Communities Where to eat What's nearby? Location Campus Map Virtual Tour Visit UMass Dartmouth UMassD news and events Stay current with the latest UMass Dartmouth news, stories, and upcoming events that highlight our students, faculty, and campus community. 2025 News 2025 Corsair Replay: The top 20 UMass Dartmouth stories of 2025 A year of innovation, achievement, and community impact—from groundbreaking research and national honors to student success stories that shaped an extraordinary year Corsair Replay: The top 20 UMass Dartmouth stories of 2025 A year of innovation, achievement, and community impact—from groundbreaking research and national honors to student success stories that shaped an extraordinary year UMass Dartmouth Model UN Delegation Earns Honorable Mention at NMUN Canada 2025 Conference Team’s strong performance highlights commitment to global citizenship and collaborative leadership SMAST partners with New Bedford Port Authority to study the effects of wind energy areas on commercial fishing operations The partnership is supported by a $419K grant from the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center UMass Dartmouth receives $1M gift from alum to provide additional support for students in the UMassD Deal The Russell and McLean Education Endowment will offer scholarships for educational supplies Jan 30 Jan 30 8:30AM 24th Annual Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast A special event to honor and celebrate the enduring legacy of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The Marketplace Feb 5 Feb 5 7:00PM NSFW Coloring Adult coloring and conversation about sex and bodies. Free snacks! Center for Women, Gender & Sexuality (Campus Center 207) Feb 10 Feb 10 5:00PM Getting Bi: Challenging Biphobia and Bi Erasure & Creating a Culture of Inclusion Getting Bi: Challenging Biphobia and Bi Erasure & Creating a Culture of Inclusion Library Grand Reading Room Feb 12 Feb 12 5:00PM Contemporary Brazilian Queer Women Songwriters: Identity and Resistance Contemporary Brazilian Queer Women Songwriters: Identity and Resistance Center for Women, Gender & Sexuality (Campus Center 207) Feb 18 Feb 18 5:00PM Gender-Affirming Products for Masc-Leaning People Gender-Affirming Products for Masc-Leaning People Center for Women, Gender & Sexuality (Campus Center 207) Feb 25 Feb 25 4:00PM Queer Trans BIPOC Mixer Queer Trans BIPOC Mixer Frederick Douglass Unity House Load More News & Press Releases University Event Calendar Academic Calendar Excellence. Innovation. Value. UMass Dartmouth offers you more. More innovative ways to learn. More opportunities. More value. Charlton College of Business UMass Dartmouth's Charlton College of Business is an AACSB-accredited institution, a distinction given only to the most prestigious business schools. College of Arts & Sciences UMass Dartmouth’s College of Arts & Sciences offers undergraduate and graduate majors, minors, degrees, and programs in the humanities, sciences, and social sciences. College of Engineering The College of Engineering prepares students to think critically, solve complex problems, make new discoveries, and contribute to our changing world. Our faculty are committed to teaching and to the pursuit of cutting edge-research that engages both undergraduate and graduate students. College of Nursing & Health Sciences The College of Nursing & Health Sciences offers nationally recognized, comprehensive nursing programs at the bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral levels, both on campus and online. College of Visual & Performing Arts CVPA, the College of Visual & Performing Arts, is a comprehensive college for art, design, and music at UMass Dartmouth—with undergraduate, graduate, and certificate programs. Honors College The Honors College at UMass Dartmouth is a vibrant academic community of talented and motivated students with opportunities for research, scholarship, and leadership development. Online & Continuing Education Explore online college courses at UMass Dartmouth. Graduate, undergraduate, certificates, and professional education to advance your career. Start today! UMass Law UMass Law is the only public law school in Massachusetts. We are committed to providing an excellent, affordable, and accessible legal education that advances justice and prepares lawyers for careers in law. School for Marine Science & Technology UMass Dartmouth's School for Marine Science & Technology (SMAST) is a nationally and internationally recognized research institution located in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Research activity $42.4M Total enrollment 7,968 Undergraduate enrollment 5,731 Best Social Mobility in Massachusetts #4 Back to top of screen Visit us virtually Visit us from anywhere, at any time. Take a virtual tour of the UMass Dartmouth campus. University of Massachusetts Dartmouth 285 Old Westport Road, Dartmouth, MA 02747-2300 Extraordinary is what we do. ® Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram TikTok YouTube Linked in Directions Jobs at UMassD Annual Security Report Privacy Site Map Contact myUMassD Support UMassD Directory Apply Visit Request Info Check Application Status Accessibility Report an accessibility issue Dark Mode Off © 2025 University of Massachusetts Dartmouth + t 4 Close main menu Check My Status myUMassD Support UMassD Directory Search About Accreditation History of UMass Dartmouth Mission and Vision Location Fast Facts Points of Distinction Event Calendar Chancellor's Office Feature Stories News & Press Releases Video Giving Administration UMass System Social Media Flags Staff Directory Contact Accessibility at UMass Dartmouth Help Admissions Apply to UMass Dartmouth Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions UMass Dartmouth Online International Admissions Check your application status Academics Academic Calendar Academic Programs Academic Resource Center Catalogs Centers Claire T. Carney Library Colleges and Schools Courses Faculty Graduate Studies Interdisciplinary Programs International Programs Office Office of Faculty Development Provost Registrar Sigma Xi STEM Student Success UMass Dartmouth Online University Studies Research About Research at UMassD Research Offices Contact Us Outreach Business Engagement Center Campus Sustainability Early College Partnerships Economic Development Government Relations Institutional Partnerships International Partnerships Media Relations Office of Civil Rights Town of Dartmouth University Advancement University Centers Student Life Campus Center Career Center Club and Intramural Sports Corsairs Care Division of Student Affairs Events Graduate Student Life Opportunities to Lead & Learn Parking Scrimshaw Yearbook Student Links Student Service Center Terms & Abbreviations University Police Upward Bound Athletics Alumni & Friends About Alumni Association Events Blue & Gold Network Alumni Resources Quicklinks myUMassD is our web portal, a central location for email, notifications, services, and COIN: Corsairs Online Information. Log in Academic Calendar Academic Resource Center Campus Map Campus Store Career Center Commencement Corsairs Care Counseling Center Course Catalog Emergency Alerts Financial Aid Health Services Housing & Residential Education International Student & Scholar Center Library Office of Student Accessibility Services Office of Student Engagement & Leadership (OSEL) Parking Police Registrar Sexual Violence Awareness Student Employment Student Service Center Study Abroad Technology/New Students Transportation UMass Pass More Student Links Prospective Students Academic Programs Accepted! Next Steps Alternate Admissions: College Now/START Apply Course Catalog Fast Facts Financial Aid International Students Life on Campus Parents Guide Request Info STEM Programs Transfer Students Tuition & Fees Undergraduate Veterans Visit Graduate Studies Apply Admissions Requirements Deadlines International Students Masters, Doctoral & Certificate Programs Request Info Course Catalog UMass Law Apply Request Info Online & Continuing Ed Apply Request Info Undergraduate, Graduate & Certificate Programs News Events Campus Map Directions myUMassD Support UMassD Directory Check My Status