UMass Chan Medical School Skip to content Skip to search Skip to main menu Skip to footer area Site Menu Close Search Close Search Search the About UMass Chan Medical School site Search A-Z | Search All UMass Chan Sites Additional Resources Alumni Chancellor ForHealth Consulting Departments & Centers Human Resources Library MassBiologics Strategic Plan Search Close Search Search the UMMS site Search A-Z | Search All UMass Chan Sites The academic partner of UMass Memorial Health About Admissions Education Faculty Research Diversity Giving UMass Chan Medical School Recent changes at NIH Administrative guidance for UMass Chan community (login required) Year in review 2025 Transcript The video shows highlights from the year 2025 at UMass Chan Medical School. It includes memorable moments from the naming of the Paul J. DiMare Center, recognition of faculty from the T.H. Chan School of Medicine, Tan Chingfen Graduate School of Nursing and Morningside Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, the 2025 Commencement and the opening of the UMass Chan Wellness Farm. This video has no sound. Watch the 2025 year in review at UMass Chan What makes UMass Chan Medical School unique? Research Home to a culture of collaboration that sparks innovation At UMass Chan Medical School, groundbreaking scientific discoveries are fueled by collaboration across labs, departments and schools. Researchers Victor R. Ambros, PhD, and Craig C. Mello, PhD, whose discoveries garnered Nobel Prizes, cite our unique culture as a driver of innovation. Learn more about their basic science breakthroughs Education #1 in the Northeast for primary care education Primary care education is at the core of our founding mission. Ours is recognized annually as one of the best programs in the nation. Here, faculty and staff ensure that the next generation of physicians are prepared to deliver high-quality, evidence-based, patient-centered care. Read more about why we’re among the top tier medical schools Community Science advocacy that matters. And gets recognized. National media outlets are relying on our community of experts to explain the impact of federal funding delays and cuts. The New York Times Magazine’s cover story showcases our scientists and leaders advocating for the future of biomedical research. See how members of our community are fighting for science News Getting Results… December 19, 2025 Protecting infants from RSV: UMass Chan expert explains safety, efficacy of preventive treatments Pediatric experts agree that preventive treatments for RSV are safe and highly effective at significantly reducing severe illness and hospitalizations. Read more , School of Medicine, Clinician, Research, Community, Pediatrics, Latest News, Top Stories, Influenza, December 18, 2025 ‘This year nearly broke me as a scientist’ Rachael Sirianni, PhD, professor and vice chair of neurological surgery, described for The Conversation how NIH funding cuts have impacted her cancer research . Read more , Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, School of Medicine, Cancer Center, Faculty, Research, Conversation, Surgery, Latest News, December 16, 2025 David Dosa and Andrew Tapper named to newly established endowed chairs T he U Mas s Board of Trustees voted to approve the establishment of the Meyers Chair in Geriatric Medicine and the Brudnick Family Chair in Neuropsychiatry . Read more , Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, School of Medicine, Medicine, Clinician, Faculty, Neurobiology, Latest News, Top Stories, anxiety, mental health, Read more UMass Chan news stories Explore our schools Morningside Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences Learn in an environment where students drive world-class research and innovation in areas such as biochemistry, biostatistics, cancer biology and neuroscience. Tan Chingfen Graduate School of Nursing Prepare for a career as a nurse, nurse practitioner or nurse scientist, led by distinguished faculty who promote health equity to improve health and quality of life. T.H. Chan School of Medicine Pursue one of the nation’s best primary care educations, with a focus on patient-centered care in urban and rural communities or an MD/MBA or MD/PhD option. Virtual tour Take our virtual campus tour ► About Worcester Learn about Worcester, home to UMass Chan Medical School ► UMass Chan Medical School’s unique business divisions MassBiologics MassBiologics of UMass Chan Medical School, with locations in Boston and Fall River, is the only nonprofit, FDA-licensed manufacturer of vaccines and biologics in the United States. ForHealth Consulting ForHealth Consulting is the public service consulting and operations division of UMass Chan Medical School. Follow Us! About UMass Chan About UMass Chan Administration Campus maps and directions Careers Contact us Giving Mission, values and goals Visitor management Education Continuing Medical Education Financial Aid Graduate Medical Education Morningside Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences Tan Chingfen Graduate School of Nursing T.H. Chan School of Medicine Registrar Student Life Offices Communications Community and Government Relations Diversity and Inclusion Educational Affairs Faculty Affairs Financial Services Human Resources Information Technology Innovation and Business Development Public Safety Research Sustainability University Events Links Administrative guidance (login required) Campus status updates COVID-19 campus news and resources Directory Intranet UMass faculty profiles UMass Memorial Health UMass system This is an official page of UMass Chan Medical School 55 Lake Avenue North, Worcester, Massachusetts 01655 UMassChanCommunications@umassmed.edu 508-856-8989 Privacy Statement Back To Top ▲