Home | UMB Bank Skip to main content FDIC logo FDIC-Insured - Backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government FDIC logo FDIC-Insured - Backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government ATM or Branch Contact Us Search ATM or Branch Contact Us Search Personal Personal Personal Banking Banking Checking Savings Time Deposit Accounts HSAs/Flex Accounts Digital Banking Mobile Banking Borrowing Borrowing Credit Cards Loans and Lines of Credit Mortgage Loans Home Equity Loans Auto and Recreational Loans Personal Loans Planning & Investing Planning & Investing Private Wealth Management Private Banking and Loans Estate Planning Brokerage/Investment Advisor Explore Explore Financial Education Calculators Online Banking Help All Products and Services About UMB Our Blog Business Business Business Business Banking Business Banking Checking Savings Lending Credit Cards Commercial Banking Commercial Banking Cash Flow Management Lending Credit Cards Capital Finance Employee Benefits & Payroll Employee Benefits & Payroll Payroll and Benefits HSAs/Flex Accounts Retirement Plan Services Treasury & Payments Treasury & Payments Treasury Management Payment Services Explore Explore Why UMB Our Industry Expertise UMB Direct Help Institutional Institutional Institutional Solutions by Industry Solutions by Industry Banks & Financial Services Corporations Government & Education Solution Suites Solution Suites Capital Markets Corporate Trust Fund Services Institutional Custody Institutional & Fintech Banking HSAs/Flex Accounts Explore Explore About UMB UMB Blog Why UMB Login Boost your financial know-how Explore educational playlists to help you build and secure your financial future Learn more UMB THE HOME OF HOME MORTGAGES. Purchasing a home is an exciting event, and UMB can help make the experience go smoothly. UMB Mortgage Solutions Home Equity Line of Credit Introductory rate as low as 5.99% APR¹ for 24 months* *After 24 months variable 7.24% - 10.00% APR applies. Learn more Checking Savings Credit Cards Financial Planning Mortgage Loans Private Banking Home Equity Loans Car Loans UMB Checking Accounts - Open An Account Online Today UMB Select Checking® $1,000 minimum opening deposit Fee waivers and special loan rate discounts Earn interest on your account balance Learn More Count on more.® UMB Premium Savings Count on more earnings An interest-bearing savings option for those with larger savings balances. Apply Now UMB Value Checking Count on more financial growth Ready to get started? Open a UMB checking account online today. Apply Now UMB Travel Select Credit Card Count on more points! 3X points and a low introductory APR. UMB Travel Select Visa Credit Card Apply Now Recalibrate your income and expenses How to Bank with Us Access your accounts online or through our app so you can bank from your couch or even the dentist office. Learn More Image Explore Our Financial Education Resources SVG Calculators SVG Educational Playlists SVG Blog How to maximize your health savings account at various stages of your life On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) ‡ was enacted and there are certain aspects of the bill that affect HSAs. Discover how a few changes will impact business owners below. Now is a good time... Read Now Long-term investing: How to achieve peace of mind Consistency through the peaks and valleys When managing your wealth and investments, one of the most important things you can do is keep calm during times of market volatility. While easier said than done, it is important to turn off... Read Now Top 10 year-end financial planning considerations for retirees In the hustle and bustle of the end of the year, it’s important to include one critical thing on your to-do list—a financial check-in. The end of year offers many great opportunities to set yourself up for success the following... Read Now Could you do a no spend year? Creating mindful spending habits Social media budgeting and savings challenges can be a fun way to get more involved with your finances for those who need a boost of motivation. Maybe you’re tried loud budgeting or gamifying your savings in the past and found... Read Now Making a family budget that fits each life stage Whether you’re newly married, expecting a baby or your children are leaving the nest, your family financial needs are always in a cycle of change. Here is a helpful guide to address your budget as your family and finances evolve... Read Now Categories (field_wp_categories) Tags (field_wp_tags) Search 15,000 Bonus Points And a low introductory APR. UMB Simply Rewards Visa Credit Card Learn More Find an ATM or branch UMB Locations Home About Us About UMB Corporate Citizenship Investor Relations Careers Search Careers Working at UMB Resources Industry News UMB Blog HSAs/Flex Accounts Privacy & Security Terms & Conditions Help Holiday & Weather Closures Online Banking Enrollment HSA/Flex Account Online Access Routing Number: 101000695 SWIFT BIC: UMKCUS44 Contact Us © 2025 UMB Financial Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Bank deposit products provided by UMB Bank n.a., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender When you click links marked with the symbol , you will leave UMB's website and go to websites that are not controlled by or affiliated with UMB.  We have provided these links for your convenience. However, we do not endorse or guarantee any products or services you may view on other sites. Other websites may not follow the same privacy policies and security procedures that UMB does, so please review their policies and procedures carefully.